4	Pretty good food for a buffet.  I'm not too much into buffets but since I was in Vegas and you can't leave Vegas without a buffet...This one was a great one to go too especially if you're tired of the Vegas Steak prime rib specials.The seafood was fresh, the food was always served hot, and the wait staff was pretty prompt about making sure the tables were clean, plates were taken soon after finishing a mean, and the drinks were always refilled.  My sister actually had her wedding reception here and they did a good job accomodating us, EXCEPT, when the wanted to seat other guests in the area my sister reserved.  That I felt was kind of rude...A Buffet is a buffet so I don't know what else to say bout it, but HMMMMM deliciouso....
5	Visited this place twice during my last visit to Vegas. Winners: Deep-fried calamari, tilapia fillet, seafood on toast, fried rice, tom yum goong, craw fish.Subpar: Chow mein, Dessert selection, Snow crab legs were anorexic.The place is clean including the restroom, seating was prompt even for a party of 8 at lunch hour, parking was OK.Lunch buffet at 6.95 and Dinner buffet at 11.95.....I can't complain
2	Popular buffet in the burbs focusing on various asian cuisines, including, Japanese, Thai, Korean and Chinese. The quality of the food is just OK, as you'd for these lower end buffets. This is certainly no Todai. The overall quality is influenced greatly by how long the food has been sitting under the heat lamps. The first plate of Pad Thai was pretty good, while a later plate was pretty lackluster.While my dad loves the Korean beef that is cooked by a chef, I like the  garlic string beans best. There at least a half dozen different chicken dishes, in all different styles. I didn't care for the lemon chicken, while the others were decent.  My mom said the fish balls weren't too good. The sushi are unremarkable.They have yellow watermelon which is good. I like the almond jello too. I'd avoid the perennial chocolate fountain.Service is average. Sunset station is much better at picking up the finished plates promptly. Here they are about average.$6.99 lunch includes hot tea, but not sodas. Good value. Get there early as there's a wait once you hit 12:30 or so.
5	Ate here on my last trip to Vegas and i was surprised by this place. I'm not a fan of Asian buffets like Todai and such but i actually like this one. We came mid-afternoon on a Friday and we had no wait to get seated. The food was fresh and they had a wide variety of food that covered all of the Asian cuisine's.  This will be added to places i must eat at when i return to LV in the future.
4	This is probably the only location I like out of all the Buffet at Asia restaurants in town.  The food isn't soggy like the other locations.  Lots of variety.  It's above average especially for the price.  I actually don't enjoy the asian buffet places, but I can come back to this one.
4	I love this little place.  Good food, decent sushi, friendly service, and tasty thai tea.  Prices are good, and there's never a wait.
2	So, I pretty much go here every time I'm in Vegas with my incredibly large family, and this is because it's probably one of the cheapest buffets around.Prices vary depending on age and height (or something like that).  Unfortunately, I didn't pay much attention to the prices because I didn't have to pay.  Har har.Let's see here ... the food is pretty good I guess.  Nothing extraordinary and nothing that disgusts me.  I'm a vegetarian so there weren't many options for me.  I ate the Chow Mein, Saunteed Mushrooms, Fried String Beans with Garlic.  Furthermore, a couple of chocolate strawberries, fruit, and pastries. All of those were okay.  It didn't blow me away ... at all.The place looks rather nice outside; I wouldn't say the same for the inside.  It doesn't look too clean.  Actually, I can put up with the look, but it's not exactly attractive.So to sum things up; it's average. Call it a plain jane place if you want.
4	the first time we came here, it was a saturday for lunch and we thought "wow! how cheap for such delicious food!". so we went back, but this time on sunday....ok.....the sunday price not so great. sunday price is the same as dinner price all day. but hey, it was still worth it since we got to fight over lobster with all the greedy-4 hour-buffet-eating locals. LOL the food is terrific, i can't complain about it. when we go visit our friend in henderson, we like to eat here. fresh seafood, crab legs, sushi is pretty good, lobsters and many of the typical chinese dishes. all drinks (not alcohol) is included too so i think my table had a good round of thai ice tea. i'm not sure why but their buffet stations have glass enclosures on the side by the clean dishes.... me and two of my friends hit our hands on the glass trying to grab a dish (3 separate times)...lolol guess we're just not use to the enclosure.
3	Great food for the price and real great if you are pressed for time. Depending on which location you are at, they also serve Korean BBQ at some of their spots, and that would have to be my favorite at this place.Althought the food isn't authentic, you will definitely find a dish you can dig into for the time you are there. I prefer the lunch time just because you really get so much food for your money.
4	I just found out about this place last week. After our ob/gyn department tour at St. Rose, I asked a fellow classmate about any local boba/milk tea places in the area. She suggested this place, since they had pretty good seafood and boba. I decided to try it out for myself with my classmates. For dinner, it only cost us $13. The place is pretty small when you walk in, but there is another eating area in the back. The food selection is somewhat varied. They have a small section for different soups, sushi, a grill area where you can get korean style ribs, seafood and beef cooked to your taste, dim sum, vegetables, and seafood, of course! I didn't get a chance to taste the lobster, since many people grab those first, and I didn't want to wait for them to make more...I love the spinach and the soy sauce/ginger fish they have. They have a mediocre dessert section (what do you expect from Asian buffets?), and I usually just get their almond jello fruit medley and coconut/orange jellos. Don't worry, they have the frozen yogurt machine, if all else fails! The sushi is pretty fresh (mostly the salmon!). It's pretty cheap for what you get here, and I probably will take my parents here when they come visit. Warning: any food that is wasted will get charged.In reality, I would only give this place 3 stars, but since they have all you can drink tapioca drinks (TARO MILK TEA!) that are pretty good, as well as Thai ice teas, included in their buffet....I'm going to give them 4 stars!
2	I don't know why I expected this to be good & no offense fellow yelpers, but yuck!Maybe we went on an off night, but the food was cold, boring & bland.I should know better than to go to a buffet.  I never find them satisfying.It made me & my husband feel a bit queasy all evening.
5	Where else can you go for a buffet that tastes better than Todai and pay half the price?  Well, go to Buffet @ Asia.  I found out about this place when we were at a friend's house in Henderson.  I feel their selection is just as good, if not better than most buffets.  They have a good selection of food.  Sushi, crab legs, sauteed lobster, mongolian bbq, an assortment of foods from different areas of Asia, and a good dessert bar with a chocolate fountain.  Whenever we go there, we spend hours getting fat.  If you go with me, maybe you can watch the "Bottomless Pit Experience" where my friend eats as many plates as he can.  Trust me, you'll love it here.
5	over 150 items dailyincluding beef, shrimp, chicken, pork, mussels, fried dumplings, fried squid, bbq spareribs,vegetable, mei fun lo mein, fish, salad bar, fruit, appetizers, soup, dessert and morespecial dinner buffet items lobster, snow crab, new zealand green mussels, oysters, sushi, mongolian bbq, stir fried shrimp,fried scallop, cocktail shrimp and much more.probably the best seafood buffet in all of las vegas. everything is great & fresh. the service is a little slow. the chocolate fondue fountain was very cool & what an assortment of crab legs,frog legs,lobster,sushi & more. only $16.99 per person compared to 2x that anywhere near the strip or in a casino!! we will be back-often!!
2	Another Chinese place that tries to do everything. I agree that there is a wide variety of food here, but you have to be selective on what you pick. The quality of the ingredients are marginal to say the least. If you are not extra picky and your stomach is strong, then feel free. Hmmmm? how fresh are those frog legs?! The service is decent and the wait staff refills drinks and picks up used plates regularly. Also you have to pay first, but I figure people have been eating and running on them.I like sushi, but theirs is probably on the lower end of the gourmet scale. Once at dinner time they had what they consider sashimi (raw fish). Well, it was a pile of thawed salmon in a heaping mound! Eeegads! If you don't want to feel bad after dining here, just pick out some simple items and try not to go for seconds. You'll feel as though you had your meal and your stomach will not complain as much.
5	Lots of items to choose from and friendly service.  Very reasonable price for a Vegas buffett......Highly recommended.
1	Get ready... 1, 2, 3, BARF. This place is the WORST buffet I have ever been to. I don't why everyone gives them all these stars. Yes the selection is vast, but the quality is poor. The stir fry is a joke and tastes horrid. The beef and broccoli tastes 3 days old and the lobster claws were soggy and disgusting. It is an overstatement to say that this place is good in any way. The sushi at this buffet is so disgusting, the salmon sashimi they offer at the sushi station is so watery and tasteless. I really hope I don't get food poisoning from eating that. Once again, the food sucks hardcore, the service is good and the staff is friendly. If you think this is good in any way you must have burned off your taste buds. HORRIBLE.
5	This place has it all. Food is delicious and their selection is well catered to. Cost wise it is sufficient if u especially like seafood. The Restraunt has different ethic dishes in the asajn cuisine. So when in Vegas, get off the strip and try something in the surrounding areas.
5	I friends took us to their favorite buffet last weekend.  I love this place!   Tasty food with a lot of choices!  Very reasonable prices for lobster buffet during weekend dinners!  Highly recomended!!!
5	Just went there with my girlfriend.  We went to the one on Rainbow Rd, we were originally going to visit the Pacific buffet, but we always see this place crowded so we figured why not.  I don't usuaully eat at buffets unless I know they are good, well this place blows Pacific out the door.  Their varieties were huge and the quality was excellent for the money.  Large variety of sushio, along with a well kept mongolian bbq, and I must recomen the steamed clams.  Between the clams, oysters, crab legs and craw fish, I honestly have no idea how this place makes money when considering the good quality along with the reasonable price.  This place has excellent service and unlike other buffets they actually make sure plenty of food is out at all times.  I was extremely impressed with this place, and the bar prices seem to be very reasonable.  As far as buffets go, this wins it hands down and then some.  There is no reason to try any other after this place, you will just be disappointed.  I highly recomend!
5	really good asian food for really cheap. they have a great selection of chinese, japanese, and korean food.
4	Great food, especially for the price! A lot of filling cooked foods though so you end up getting full quickly. The sushi is not that good, but I can't really complain. They have delicious seaweed salad and I could go there just for that. Always the same food, but it's tasty.
4	Yeah some people from my hometown in sac ask, " Dude, you live in Vegas go to a real buffet." This is a real buffet. I am tired of the casino, Gordons fishstick buffets. The one thing that really amazed me, is included in the cost of the buffet $12 you can order Thai Iced Tea Complete with Boba... The food is awesome, the service was fast friendly and the food was Great and did not taste like boxed frozen Oscar Myer Corndogs.
1	5 stars? C'mon, be honest, is any Chinese buffet really a 5 star establishment? Alright, let's take an honest look about what you'll get at Buffet @ Asia. . .First off, ask yourself this question, why do I want to go to an 'all you can eat' Chinese buffet? Certainly price may be an issue (as lunch is under $10), but ultimately, we want to eat A LOT of food, and heck, sometimes we just crave greasy, high fat, higher sodium foods (like say, after a night of heavy drinking, or possibly you've wallowed in intense emotional pain and/or guilt for several years, and you simply feel the need to continue punishing yourself).Still reading?. . .okay then, the food is like any food you'd expect in an establishment who's number one business is volume. Most of the food sits in a coagulated, goopy mess to hide it's poor quality, because we all know that we're not getting any true nutritional value from the food. But again, we've come to Buffet @ Asia for the cheap price and assortment of high fat/higher sodium foods. . .we're not interested in quality at this time.My best advice would be to suck it up and spend an extra dollar or two at McDonalds, KFC or Taco Bell and stop kidding yourself that the broccoli in the 'Mystery Chinese Delicacy' is somehow satisfying your daily requirement for vegetables. But, if you're having 'one of those days' (you know who you are), go ahead and indulge. Your body won't approve, but just try to convince yourself that it tastes alright and smile. . .it worked for me today.
4	AYCE lunch under $9 that offers every stereotypical Asian food known to white man. Here is a place you will find the strange ppl that live in Vegas. Just another surreal sight to see while trying to get thru your hangover from going to TAO and XS last night you know who you are!Bonus: Mongolian BBQ grill and free Thai Iced Tea.
4	There are several Buffet@Asia in town, but this one is definitely the best. Lunch (less than $8, drink included) is your above average Chinese fare, but they change up the menu, so you will see different dishes on a regular basis. I awarded the 4 stars because of their dinner buffet. Last time I ate here (Sat night), I was determined to load up on sushi, but they offered so many different seafood dishes that I had to pass. For sure quality food at a very affordable price. Find a solution for your dirty trays of dishes and maintain your crowded bathroom better and I will award the 5th star!
4	I wasn't overly excited to go here, at first, but my boyfriend insisted that it was tasty. I was pleasantly surprised. Highlights:1) Large population of Asian people eating at Buffet At Asia - always a good sign.2) Healthy-ish options like Mongolian BBQ, Snow crab legs, fruit, salad, surprisingly good sushi, steamed prawns and more.3) Tasty hot and sour soup (not always the case at Chinese restaurants, let alone all you can eat bbqs)Lowlights:1) Questionably clean dishes. They were mostly clean with a few notable aberrations.2) Limited, gelatinous dessert selection (though I didn't see the ice cream until it was too late).Overall, I am impressed that I liked the food, I don't feel sick after eating there, and it was only $15. I'll return.
4	I like this place a lot. One of the better Asian buffet places I have been to. For 17 dollars,  I had sushi, sashimi, frozen yogurt, lobster, Chinese food, Asian soups, and a nice selection of cakes and cookies.  The quality of the food was really good.  I did not find any items that were bad. Everything was either good or OK.  The buffet tables were well maintained. If something ran out, they would replace it very fast.  I think this place is better than any buffet place I have been to in San Francisco.  I am impressed by this place. I would not mind going to this place again. Also, this  place has a Mongolian / Korean BBQ option that is included in the price.
2	Decent food at a great price. Unfortunately, the place is so jam packed it's almost an inconvenience to head back to the buffet lines.
3	Not bad for a buffet.  About $8/person for lunch.  Decent variety.
4	We were pretty hungry from hanging out at the pool all day so we were starved.  We arrived at 3:00 so we still paid the lunch price, which was @$8.  The price was really good because it includes drinks also.There were sushi, Mongolian bbq, soups, chinese dishes, salted prawns, fresh fruits and salads.  Yum, must try if you're in the area.
3	Best Asian-style buffet in Las Vegas. When I compare it to Asian buffets in LA, on a scale of 1-10 where 10 is the best, I would give Buffet at Asia a 7. The sushi was about average although there were about 10 different types, the Mongolian BBQ was OK, and the soups are decent, with about 5 different choices. The best plate I had here was the seafood with vegetables (seafood = squid, shrimp, imitation crab meat). Desserts were limited, unless you consider fruits as desserts. The large population of Asian people eating here is because the tours bring them here. I think that $10 for a lunch buffet including a drink was a good deal. At least for me, since I ate more than $10 worth of food.
5	Payed when entering and was seated very quickly. They asked us what we wanted to drink and we were off to get food.Still has the best asian food around the Vegas area. Good prices compared to the buffets at the casinos and the food is really fresh and flavorful. They have a lot of vegetable options, seafood options and meat options. They have a wide range of sushi options and even serve sashimi. The fish is very fresh. Mongolian bbq prepared in front of you, and you get to choose what you want in it. They even have short ribs, which is a first ive ever seen for Mongolian bbq. I noticed as i was leaving however, that they seated the Asians away from the Non-Asians. haha that was funny.
5	I like this place. It is quite authentic and I know authentic, trust me.Okay, they have some of the funky things fo the Western palate, but they have geat Clams, steamed fish, ox tail soup, and fried frog legs. You gotta be geat to have this stuff, and this place is one of my favorites to go to when I can't make it downtown.Lots of Asians dine here, which means it is good.
5	This place kicks butt.  The only negative is that if I eat here more often, I would be a big tub of goo... Best days are to go on Fridays and Saturday ~ seafood night.  Come early; otherwise, there may be a wait and the food may not be as fresh as late in the night.Usually, I focused on the crab legs and the oysters.  When it is oysters season, this places rocks!  It has the freshest oysters that we have ever had in Vegas.  By the way, we ate at the Southpointe casino the other day and their oysters like yuck....As for the crab legs, large and juicy.  Yummy!Atmosphere -- it is a buffet folksService -- seems alot of young chinese people ~ probably students.  They do work hard.  Price -- it is about $20.. much better and more affordable than the strip at $35-40 bucks per head... I love this place.  If I could eat here everyday, it would be awesome... My cholesterol and weight would go through the roof.  Definitely, one of the best in Vegas.
2	There are only a few things at this place that is fresh, first the price, $12.99 for dinner. The alaska crab legs, and mongolian grill. Everythingelse is in between rotted and getting there. If you get an ammonia taste when eating seafood, its because its rotted. Thats the breakdown of the protein. I can't understand why people keep eating rotted foods???Do you like your sushi with brown edges???So pick your food carefully at this buffet place.
2	I'm not huge on buffets... but this particular buffet was ok.  the spread is a little bit of all the choice asian cuisines.  mostly chinese and japanese.  they also offer a dessert/ and fruits section.. as well as a soup section. the sushi was pretty fresh considering its a buffetservers are there to serve.. not to show their friendly.. so, in this setting it works for me.  it's busy because pricing is fair  and its located on eastern.. a very busy street.  anyway... not the first place on my list.. or the 10th either.
5	After writing my last review I realized that I had never reviewed Asia Buffet.I have always gotten good service at this location- they have great food for a reasonable price. I find that I love their sushi especially the california roll and ebi.They also serve good marinated steak. Yep I will go back!
5	I go here at least once a month with a group of girls for our Chinese fix. We always have a good time and the food is amazing. One of the things we like is the fact that there is a huge amount of guests that are Asian and that is always a sign that the food tastes good or is close to authentic. I am truly happy with the offerings and they are vast. Very delicious and continuosly fresh no matter what time of day.
5	Variety was great and food was very fresh and flavorful. You definitely can't beat the price! I would definitely eat here again!
4	So cheap!!! Dinner for $15.99 and all the lobster you can eat! And it wasn't stingy lobster, lobster tails had real chunks of meat. All the other food was good too. They have oysters (cooked and raw), barbecue pork, sushi (although only okay; sashimi was okay, and so much more. They know how to salt. The Mongolian grill was interesting, the noodles dishes they make there aren't very good, but you should try the marinated spare ribs they have, and just have that. This is definitely a place to stop when we'll be coming back to Vegas. Forget Bellagio Buffet...
3	The very first time I ate here, I was blown away.  It was cheap, and I could eat all the seafood and kalbi I wanted.  But over the recent years, there buffet has begun to decrease in quality and quantity.  Now, there is no selection for seafood.  I haven't gone here for dinner, but before for lunch they'd have lobster or crab legs set out with the kalbi.  I think they might've taken it away from the lunch menu and added it to dinner, or they might've taken it away.  I might just have to experience dinner here one day.  The location on Eastern used to be a little more cleaner than all their other locations, but so far not so much.  They have dishes laid out everywhere, and sometimes their table smells like wet towels.  Try avoid eating the noodles, or rice...it looks like it's been sitting out for a while and it did give me a sore stomach.
2	I'm not a big fan of Asian buffets because the food tends to be greasy and bleh. The food was meh for me here. BUT they do offer a great variety of choices. THE SUSHI WAS THE BEST PART. Probably wouldn't go back.
4	I was very impressed with the value that this restaurant provides.   It was also a great venue for a family with small boys as they were able to move around.  Price was unbeatable at $12.85/adult with a large choice from the buffet:  Japanese sushi, crab legs, spicy crab, chinese dishes like spicy chicken, orange chicken, spicy string beans, a mongolian stir fry station with kalbi cooked to order, oysters on the half shell, etc   The food was pretty good on all counts-certainly wasn't Bellagio quality-but it was very tasty and an incredible value.
4	Typical asian buffet. Nothing too special. Desserts aren't that good.
3	its a ok place.. not too expensive but some of the dishes are quite good others are just ok. parking is horrible.
4	Usually I leave a buffet with a major stomach ache.....Not this time. The food was good plus they had Kal-bi and crab legs. Service wasn't to friendly but that's usually the trend at an asian restaurant. I'd go back though.
2	Ate at the location on Eastern & Flamingo yesterday (Sunday). I eat at many asian buffets, so I know what to expect.Here's my honest take:Pros: -Decent selection of food-Server was friendly and attentive-Gyoza dumplings, Wonton soup, Jalapeno chicken was really good, pretty decent quality fruit - seemed fresh.Cons:-Sign claims to have "Thai, japanese, chinese, american etc" all different types of cuisine - the only Thai dish they had was Pad Thai, and it was of really poor quality. The sushi was kinda gross, too. They only really had chinese, and some cheap pizza for the kids. -Restaurant in general has a "dirty" feel to it. I was afraid to touch anything. I ate finger foods with my fork to avoid getting sick. It was really busy, but it didn't seem like they were keeping up with the crowds very well as far as cleanliness goes.-Bathrooms were filthy, totally trashed. I saw an employee go in to clean, but she wasn't wiping up the mess, just spraying disinfectant randomly and emptying trash.-The grossest thing about this location were the customers - REALLY filthy people. Waiting in line to get in, a man in front of us had *KILLER* B.O. - the kind legends are made of. It smelled like he hadn't washed his ass for a month! It kinda sucked to have to experience that right before eating. The people sitting near us seemed dirty and trashy too. I know the proprietors of the restaurant can't control this, but it ruined the experience for me.-It was really busy, and I was nearly run over by servers, kids and fat people every 5 minutes. It was difficult to walk around with a plate of food in your hands.
4	well... you can never be satisfied after you leave a buffet but over all buffet asia is really worth it. def go there for dinners because its only 4 bucks extra but you get so much more stuff such as 2 types of crab legs, better shrimps and oysters, steaks , sushi and sashimi and much more. i would never go there again for lunch....never again. its also a place you can go alone and you wouldnt feel weird.
3	The food is pretty good with a decent selection but the environment could use some work. You smell like the food when you leave this place. Ventilation is poor and during the summer it gets extremely warm. Because of the steam from the buffet to keep the food hot, it can get humid in there.
5	better than the one on pecos
5	Been here only 3 times or so, i fell in love with the Lettuce Wrap. Gotta try those rice balls too, this place is incredibly unique compared to the strips' restaurants, buffets and California's Asian buffets. We need a branch in Southern Cali!
4	I was impressed with how fresh the food look when I first came in! When I come to asian buffet, I usually look for crab legs and sushi. And this place has it all!! They didn't went cheap on making sushi, although the rice was not soft and chewy enough. They got battered fried crab legs and the steam crab legs, which are both very good to me. Other seafood include crawfishes and shrimps and fried frog legs.
5	This is another highly requested place when friends or family come to visit. Cheap, good for large groups, and always good  service. Come here on an empty stomach because there's a lot of food there's Mongolian, crab legs, oyster, a pretty good sushi selections, sashimi, tempura veggies, and the regular Chinese buffet food, for under $20. They also make steaks made to order, frog legs, Thai tea.  There's not a lot of selection for desserts but who's there for that. There's a lot of space but always gets busy so don't mine if you might have to wait a bit, or just call in advance especially with larger groups.
3	Stopped here for their lunch buffet on a cross-country roadtrip.Lunch for us was 11 dollars per person which covered drinks+tipTypical asian buffet with eggrolls, dumplings, orange chicken, etc. They have a good selection of foods, with a sushi section(a bit bland) and a made to order Mongolian BBQ section that's covered in your buffet. I didn't notice til the end. However,  desert is lacking with few fruits and ice cream. The food was decent tasting compared to other asian buffets I've been to and the fact that I haven't had stomach problems the whole day means it's on par with ingredidents! Service there was very sullen, as if workers really disliked being there. Basically, overall gloomy ambiance from them. However, did enjoy the neon signs over the food sections, very Vegas-esque. :]I was short on time and only had an hour to eat. But for the price vs quality, I think it's a good run for your money if you're looking for an asian buffet in Vegas. Just don't expect superior quality service!
3	This buffet has been on a steady decline over the last 5 years.  My first visit was October of 2005 and I thought it was amazing.  The selection was broad and the price was outrageously low.I was introduced to this place by my cousin, who's a local, and I've been coming back ever since.  I haven't been back since March 2010.  I didn't write a review about this place then because I thought it was an off night.  It was primarily Chinese food and sushi rolls.  The dining areas looked run down and the rest room was a death trap.Fast forward to August 2011.Prices are still low but food quality has seriously declined.  It's strictly Chinese food now.  What throws it off is that there's a little side bar with banchan sides.  But what good is banchan if you can't pair it with Korean barbecue?Dessert items are par for the course.  The sushi is ok, lots of fried rolls drenched with sweet sauces, and a few traditional varieties.  The dining areas are still very much rundown and the restrooms are still death traps.  But drinks were refilled right away and plates were cleared in a heartbeat.  Par for the course...
3	I went in with my expectations appropriately lowered after reading all the reviews, and you know what?  I wasn't disappointed.First off, this is a great deal for lunch.  $9 + tip and that includes a drink.  I went in around 3:15 and stayed for the shiftover to "dinner" at 3:45 and it was exactly the same thing, with the added benefit of a steak (and something else) cooked to order.  I found that they had a fair range of items; all the staples of fast food Chinese--orange chicken, honey chicken, teriyaki chicken, spare ribs, Mongolian BBQ...plus more.  I wasn't too happy with the actual taste of the choices, but for $9 it can't be beat.  I probably won't be returning, but I don't regret trying it out.  I guess I'd prefer a classic "around the world" buffet that includes Asian specialties among others.
4	To me Buffet@Asia is quite good in every aspects.1.food selections: Excellent Not only Chinese dishes are served in this restaurant but they also offer Thai,Japanese,Korean as well as  Mongolian BBQ,seafood,salad bar,fruit and ice-cream.2.Taste of food: Good3.Service: excellent service The staffs are attentive and move in a fast pace.They remove plates  very quick unlike other buffet that let your plates stack up.4.Cleanliness: GoodThe staffs clean the floor regularly.5.Price: ExcellentIt is quite cheap and you get a bit more than you pay.Less than $10 dollars for lunch and $less than$21 dollars for AYCE seafood dinner.can't beat that.Good for big party,family as well as kids friendly
3	there are day this place is really good, and there are day this place is just plain awful! it's a hit or miss, but as far as Asian Buffet, it's a lot better than most other Asian Buffets i been to. One other thing, watch out for family with little kids, they run around and screaming like crazy, not ideal for a date night
1	I did not like eating here! Food was below-average quality. Sushi had no flavor - the only thing you can taste is the mayo sauce they squeeze all over ALL of the rolls. The Mongolian BBQ has no flavor (there's no sauces for you to choose like at a real MBBQ joint), lots of fried food (cheap), what fresh fish they did have (shrimp) I just didn't trust. Service makes you feel like you're an imposition. Signs all over the walls about the ramifications if you waste food. Jeeze. Never going here again. A friend talked me into going... next time I PICK THE RESTAURANT.
4	I've come here a couple times for the lunch buffet, it was very filling, but after a while I wish there were more choices. I like that in the front of the restaurant, you can make a plate of raw food and have the chef cook it for you. There are an assortment of meats, veggies, and noodles for you to combine and have them stir-fry with soysauce. *don't forget to tip :)The Asian selection is nice, there's the sushi bar, fruits/desserts, soups, appetizers, noodles/rice, meats, and veggies. Of course the food tastes best when its fresh and hot, so you just have to time it right when they re-fill the section. The place usually has a good amount of people, but we never have to wait for seating. The staff is attentive, they always know when we are done eating, and bring us fortune cookies.
5	Cheap and yummy. All you can eat Shashimi.. yes. Please. :)
2	We have eaten at this location a couple of times, but yesterday was the worse. Very basic things wrong here. They had a lot of staff out on the floor and they all looked mad. We had a hard time communicating with our waitress. We were just asking for some ice. They have tables crowded in and there is a couple places where only one person can pass and the staff walks very slowly in front of customers and cutting them off. The floors were not clean. It didn't look like they had cleaned between lunch and dinner. They were out of several items as soon as they sat them out, because they allowed people to mound their plates with oyster, crabs or lobster...though there was a line of people waiting for them. I know it isn't 100% their fault, but they can manage that better. While we were sitting at our table one of the waitress came over and took our salt and pepper, never got them back. Then someone else came in...may have been a manager and proceeded to speak loudly with one of the waitresses in the middle of the restaurant while pointing at a pepper shaker on another table. The food was decent, nothing was a great standout. This isn't what I am use to with Buffet Asia. There is usually a couple things that are really good.
5	Simply the best
5	and so we meet again.. Sushi and shashimi yammmmy.
2	i'm a big asian buffet guy, even bad asian buffet. i live for finding the one redeeming dish while suffering through all the bad ones but i tried most everything and i couldn't find one @ this buffet. all the chicken dishes except for the wings used that slimy, rubbery, mysterious chicken you find @ bad teriyaki places. i dug the chicken wings and the shrimp but they tasted old and reheated like everything else. they hide the sushi! i dished up two plates before i saw it over there. my fault, i like to start at one end of the buffet and work my way to the other and i usually don't start @ the salad side, haw! it was typical buffet sushi, poor quality and covered in mayonnaise. i probably would have liked it more if i had started with it though. i think i'll wait 'til my bad buffet loving bros come to town to even consider hitting this place up again. the price is right though, so i'll give 'em that.
4	Every time my family and I visit Vegas we somehow always end up here. Two things that are constantly good: Ox Tail Soup (only available at dinner) and sushi (really!). I also enjoy the fact that each diner gets to choose a steak or lamb chop made to order. They are not out-of-this-world steak and lamb chop but a buffet restaurant offering that is pretty awesome!
5	My husband I go here at least once a week and we went on Fathers Day. Was surprised they raised the price and still had the same food they always do.  It was still awesome though. the best part is you get to eat all the sushi you want.
2	As with any buffet, you get what you pay for.  This place is about $14 for dinner if I recall correctly.The Mongolian grill section doesn't have much selection to choose from, but it's pretty yummy regardless.  The sushi is surprisingly good for buffet sushi.  Pot stickers are really good.  Pepper steak is excellent.  Orange chicken is decent.So why only 2 stars?  Well, it's the tour groups.  The place is a madhouse when the tour groups come in.  It's just too crowded to find any sort of comfort.  Not to mention the people on the tour group are frequently rude and shove you and cut in line.  They used to only have tour groups on weekend nights.  They are there all the time now, even weekday lunches.  Not to be racist, but there is a cultural difference that I just can't wrap my head around.  I don't understand visiting a foreign country and eating a bastardized version of food from your homeland.
3	$10 all you can eat Asian food with a drink. There is a Mongolian grill where u can create your own entree. If that sucks its your fault. Haha. The other food ranges from good to mediocre. Just depends on your taste I guess. It's a great lunch spot for me n my coworkers. It's nothing close to gourmet but it will get you full and leave you satisfied. I've never left disappointed. Asian food with a drink for $10 u can't go wrong. Just don't expect too much.
1	My nephew is 2 years old and he is 3 feet 5 inches tall so the cashier insisted that he has to be charged half of the adult's price.  I found this to be ridiculous because no 2 year old child eats half of what an adult eats!  But their rule is, if you are over 3', you are charged half the adult's price.  The only thing my nephew ate was an ice cream cone!Everything that I tried was very salty!!  And this is the first buffet that I have been to where they do not give free refill on drinks.  If you're going to do that, at least not make your food so damn salty.  Jeebus!  On top of poo poo food, their service is beyond terrible!  Usually if a place has bad service, the food compensates for it or vice versa but good lord this place lacks both.  I will never ever eat here again.
4	It's a good value for the price you pay for the quality of food, it's hard to beat dinner for $14 which includes a drink!  Clams, shrimp, tom yum, seafood mix, crab, crayfish, and sushi are included!  Keep in mind, the quality is only ok, not the best in how it was prepared but it's not bad either (too greasy for me).Service is pretty good for a Chinese restaurant.  You will have to pay first before sitting down.
5	Freshest food I have EVER seen on a chinese buffet!  I have eaten at a few different chinese buffets, including the Buffet Asia on the other side of town. I was a little taken aback today when we were charged $8.99 apiece (plus tax), but to be honest, it was worth every penny. Everything was not only fresh and beautiful, but each and every item had a sticker above it with the time that it had been brought out! Wow! Impressive!The sushi was beautiful, there were plenty of delicious choices, and there was an abundance of ginger and wasabi. The fresh fruit was just that - fresh, and many choices. I personally LOVE the mongolian grill, and this one is my favorite because they used paper thin slices of meat-chicken, pork and beef, and all of the sides I love: water chestnuts, sprouts, cabbage, broccoli, garlic, baby corn, celery, etc. Mmmm, super good. I'm just very impressed. The place was clean, the food not only looked good, but was delicious. Sometimes at a chinese buffet, I take little bits, because I either don't know what it is, or I want to try it to see if it tastes good. Not necessary here. Everything I took was delicious! Oh, and the service was also very attentive. In reference to Meg H. on Aug 16, we had iced tea, and the girl refilled it every few minutes, however, if you order thai tea, there is an extra charge for that.My mother, who eats like a bird, had just had outpatient surgery and we went straight to eat afterwards. She ate like a logger! I don't think I've ever seen her eat so much! Go mom! Can't wait to go back!
1	My family went there for dinner for the first time tonight and it was a TERRIBLE experience. The service and the overall presentation of the restaurant were decent. The food, however, was so bad that everyone got a stomach ache. I think we all had food poisoning. The food was also either bland or very salty. We did not try the Mongolian grill section, so I cannot speak on behalf of that. Will I go back, no.
4	I've been to this buffet a few times and it does not disappoint. The food is great and they have a lot of choices not like other buffets out there. I especially enjoyed their fried sushi which was really yummy. They also have a mongolian grill where you can choose whatever you want for them to cookThe price is not so bad either, you get good food for a great price!
4	During numerous trips to Vegas, I've frequented the Buffet at Asia on Rainbow Blvd. (My review of that place here: (http://www.yelp.com/biz/buffet-at-asia-las-vegas-4#hrid:mSPf88mhq76t49Qo-3jtlw). In the sea of Vegas buffets, Buffet at Asia is one of the best ones in my opinion for Asian food. On my latest Vegas trip however, I got to try for the first time to the Buffet at Asia in the Henderson area.The setup of this Buffet at Asia is a little bit different from the one on the westside. This one has one long row of food items that starts with a Mongolian wok type cookery. Next up is their sushi items and then this is followed by the soups: wonton, miso and seafood soup. Up next is the traditional Asian buffet food: they have good offerings like egg rolls, egg foo young, orange chicken, chicken skewers, dumplings and veggie tempura. Off to the side is their desserts: some items are orange jello, almond jello, chocolate mousse, frozen yogurt and sesame balls. I like how above the food items are big, bright lights and letters showing the name of the different areas. So very Vegas picturesque ;)They do offer some food that the Buffet at Asia on Rainbow doesn't have. It was the first time I saw these chicken with cheese wontons that I really liked. I did think however that the selection over at the Buffet at Asia on Rainbow is larger. This branch at Henderson had good food offerings but not as many as the westside location. Nevertheless, the food here is a good and if in you are in Henderson, it's a good place to go to. It's less than $10 and includes a drink!
3	$13 weekday dinner, $16 Fri-Sat, if you live in Las Vegas/Henderson watch for local coupon mailers.  Price includes soft drinks, for dinner a piece of steak, and also a mutton chop (order these from your server). Senior discount. Thai boba tea $3 extra.Be sure and arrive at least two hours before closing for freshest food (they will be the first to tell you this).  Bus tours stop here.Moingolian-style grill, fresh sushi.  Soups include hot & sour  and Tom Yoong.  30 or more dinner items including steamed clams, shrimp, lobster (weekends), BBQ pork.  Another 15 or so dessert items.Unlike casino buffets you can park right outside -- there's no Bataan death march through a smoky casino to get to the buffet.
1	Look at the picture of the steak and lamb chops that they show in the picture and compare it to what you get, digusting! They charge a little more because there is LOBSTER on the menu on the weekends, how special! NOOOOO it's so grossly prepared with gluey sauce and the huge lobster claws have no meat inside. Oh look some crab legs, that should be good, right? Nooooo it's dry and the most low grade crab I have ever tasted! Again a huge pile of raw salmon on a plate is "sashimi"? how do they get away with this? Look at the wasabi is all gone, but do they change it out for fresh? nope, the "sushi chef" doesn't care. Believe me go to Panda Express, go home and watch TV.
5	What a bargain!!! The price is low already, and if you look out for coupons in the mail: Katy bar the door! I think I ate half my body weight in pepper shrimp. I went for lunch and from what I heard this is nothing compared to the dinner, I shall have to return and find out for myself, I may, however need someone to roll me out when all is said and done, or in this case eaten. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	It is ok for Asian food but I have had much better and to tell the truth the food kinda tastes a bit stale if that is possible.  I have eaten here 3 times and each time I was hoping for better like some of my old haunts back east.  This location is better than the one in Henderson on Eastern ave.  Lunch time is crowded and you will likely wait for a seat.
1	Horrible it's smell horrible it was super dirty worse food experience ever
3	You get what you paid for. The food is so so, the drinks is so so, and the service is well.... So so. They advertise "lobster" as if their buffet is filled with it. But honest to god. You are lucky if you can land a lousy lobster tail. It's greasy, small, messy, and the portion is horrible. You would think that because they advertise it so much the serving tray would at least be big. Nope.  So if you are looking for a cheap buffet that fills your hunger then ya definitely a go. Overall :Pros: 1. cheap cheap cheap buffet $14.08 (tax included) 2. Not really a long wait line to get in3. So so food, service, drinksCons;1. Lobster advertisement is a scam2. Food tastes w/e
2	What more can I say about buffet..... Oily, salty, and  not good.
3	Well look at me ma!  Cranking out reviews like there is no tomorrow!  Aren't you guys proud of me?For this review I will be writing about Buffet @ Asia...  I bet you were wondering why I would come here when I'm in Vegas?1)  I'm the buffet king remember?  It's my duty to check out the land of the buffets and give them a piece of my mind!2)  We were no where near the strip3)  They said that they offered Lobsters!!  (For dinner only!)4)  It's only $8.99 for Lunch!!!  (This price for a buffet in Vegas is awesome!)So.....  What's good here!Food!  Many of the hot items were tasty... Sushi wasn't so exciting, but they do have oxtail soup that was super delicious!  Light tasty broth accompanied by meaty oxtails!  Oh boy oh boy!!!Prices!  Well... if you don't feel like spending $20+ for a strip buffet, here is a delicious alternate!As for the lobsters.. I missed out... came here for lunch so didn't get a chance to eat lobsters...So what are the downsides to this place?- Sort of hard to find... tucked inside a business plaza but hidden away from everything and placed in the corner...- Parking is semi limited.... only about 10-15 spaces out front... otherwise you have to walk...- Decor is very run-down... some torn chairs are very visible.... doesn't put out a good vibe because it seems though that they don't really care about looking pretty for the customers...Would I go here?  Yes.... for the food, price it's a total yes... but definitely not for the drive or the decor as they both are disappointing...  (the drive would be real far for those staying on the strip...)But should you ever be in the Henderson area and is literally dying of hunger, I think this place can help!
3	$8.99 for lunch? You really do get what you pay for. The food is very...acceptable. Typical chinese buffet food, nothing to really rave about. The staff was unfriendly and the place was pretty crowded. Decor reminded me of an old diner. Bottom line, if you're looking for a cheap meal with average food, Buffet @ Asia is the place to go.
1	Probably the worst Asian buffet I've ever been to. Food was stale tasting, questionable texture of the meat items, the floors looked dirtier than a homeless persons box and the bathrooms might as well be an alley sewer drain. Who cares if its a buffet, it's still $9.50 for lunch. I've gotten more satisfaction from a lottery ticket that didn't match any numbers.
1	This place doesn't even deserve one star!  It is absolutely disgusting!  Myself and my guest both got food poisoning from this place!  We went there on April 25, 2013.  Our sickness lasted for days!  Everything on the buffet was old, dried out and room temperature.  And omg....the bathrooms....wow!!!!  Absolutely disgusting!  The entire place was filthy.  I knew we should have walked out immediately!  Just from the smell inside the place.  Whatever you do.....remember....you are taking a very very big chance if you eat here!  I think it would be more likely than not....that you will end up sick!  We actually got staph food poisoning from here.  Otherwise known as "Staphylococcus aureus bacterium".  I truly believe this place needs to be SHUT DOWN PERMANENTLY!!!
4	They probably have the best seafood selection (for what you pay for) out of all the chinese buffets in the valley. The only bad thing is it's really warm/hot in there almost like the AC isn't on.
1	If you are craving Chinese buffet, this is not the place that I would recommend. Sure, there is a large variety of items to choose from.  However, the food is terrible.  Some of the items seemed to be on the inedible side.I wouldn't have gone here for several reasons, if it were not because it is a mecca for tour bus and there were no other restaurants in the same shopping center.  1) The price for Sunday lunch was too expensive.  $14.99 for Sunday buffet?  That's outrageous.  2) The service.  They obviously could not handle a sudden rush of folks.  That's the unusual part as I am sure that tour buses stop here at least once a week. 3) I would have chosen to eat for the same or cheaper price at a off the strip buffet restaurant.  And 4) The A/C wasn't on.  With the weather outside in the 90's.  Are you crazy?BTW, I ate at this restaurant two months ago.  The only reason that I still remember the dreadful experience is that it is in Las Vegas, one of the buffet meccas.
3	I happen to be on a quest of reviewing all of the most of the asian buffetts while in vegas.  Likle most of them this one was not that good, but not that bad either,  They were one of the only was that offered Sashimi instead of just plain sushi.  They also have a stir fri bar where a cook will cook the items of your choice while you wait.  The food was about average.The one let down was that the salad in the salad bar was warm and wilted.  I guess that most people do not go to a chinese buffett for salad, but since I am doing this everyday for almost three weeks, the inability to get any ruffage into my diet that day was dissapointing.  Plus it made me think if the salad was not being kept at the proper temperature what else might be amiss.
4	Very good, very clean!
2	Never been a fan at buffet Asia. The food is ok. The iced tea is what I call tea not so much ice and it is always hot in there (The one on Flamingo is even worse in my opinion). The few bright spots are that the drinks are included and the service is above average.
4	Good selection and kept fresh. Staff not always as courteous or as helpful.Price and quality make this a regular for me.
5	The best buffet I have ever had in my life and it's $14 and it's fresh great service and its family owned and it's always busy so tough to even get a seat I love this place and their soda is tasty and not over the top bubbly go here not the hotels for buffets
1	I definitely would not recommend this buffet.Price was $15 during dinner, which is outrageously expensive because the selection wasn't good for the price and the food tasted terrible. There was not one dish that I enjoyed here.I had a really hard time enjoying this place. It looks and feels dirty. Flies flying around the food.So to summarize.. EXPENSIVE, BAD SELECTION FOR $$$$, BAD QUALITY, DIRTY...I have no idea why some people would rate this place highly...they are either associated with Buffet @ Asia or they have been fed dog food their whole lives. Seriously.STAY AWAY...YOU WILL REGRET THIS PLACE IF YOU GO HERE..TRUST ME.
1	Came here during Halloween night. The restaurant was 1/4 occupied. This branch is cleaner and more spacious compared to the Rainbow/Sahara branch. Food? That's questionable. I understand that it's cheap but the quality of food that you get is the same thing... The only one good dish here is the cubed beef with gravy. The rest is blah!
1	If I can give this a zero star I will. Havent had chance to post my review yet since im too busy. But now I wanna say that its the worst buffet at asia I ever been too. My sister got food poisoned eating here like 2 months ago!  Had to take her to the ER and doctor said its a food poisoned , asked her what she ate and I remember the only thing we ate is at the buffet asia. I think its the bbq shortribs (cook to order) that she ate to made her felt like that. Its probably undercooked or bad already. Goodthing I didnt eat that or else will both be on ER. I would never go here again!
5	Let me start off by saying the FOOD WAS GREAT, Customer servicev was very nice, no complaints my Husband and I  Live in Henderson and well there's not a lot of Chinese buffets around here so my husband and I have to drive down town to get to Krazy buffet where we usually go we never thought we'd find anything close to it taste wise, and quality wise  but we were wrong Buffet @ Asia is 5 stars in my book my husband loved it here as well as I. They have a big selection of different kinds of food and the best part is the sushi it taste fresh the waiters were very nice didn't let our cups get empty at all My Husband and I will be back soon that's for sure.
1	DO NOT COME HERE! I don't know what sucks more: their non existent service or their food. The food:Let's start off with the best thing there: honeydew. I should have just ate honeydew the whole time because everything else sucked. Don't even bother getting their sushi....it's just California roll with sauce on top or presented differently. Their seafood soup or whatever tasted very fishy. The pineapples looked like they had been sitting out for too long. Idk the food was just a huge mess. I felt like I only ate their veggie tempura, baked sweet potato and honey dew the whole time because everything else sucked. And as for the veggie tempura, it wasn't even good, but it was one of the better food options. Thank god they didn't fail on baking the sweet potato or else idk how and why they are still open. The service:We asked for napkins like literally 5 times and the waitresses had attitude. We also asked for hot tea and they put the hot tea in a plastic cup. Wait hold up? Have these waitresses not gone thru some type of food handlers training? Even if they didn't, do they not have common sense? Because you know it's common sense to not put hot drinks in plastic cups. Omg. They need to throw these waitresses back into kindergarten cus clearly they hired dumbasses. They also don't know how to own a business because the customer should always be right. We asked for the hot tea to be poured into a mug, but the waitress said the mug is for coffee only. Like wtf?! Are you stupid? Sigh.
2	I came with an Asian tour bus group and they had more than enough seating for 30 plus of us.  $12 for lunch buffet with very sparse selection.  I didn't try the Mongolian stir-fry.  Food was mediocre and I think they only served different variations of california roll.  Verdict - I was mildly satisfied and didn't get a stomachache, so I guess that's a win.
5	This is one of our favorite buffets to go to.  The food is always good, plentiful and varied.  The sushi is fresh and there is usually more than just basic California rolls like most other Asian buffets offer.  The staff is always kind and attentive.  They clear plates quickly and my glass is never more than half empty, and I tend to go through tea pretty quickly. One last comment, my guy and I decided to start a new Christmas tradition this year since I wasn't feeling well enough to cook a fancy dinner on Christmas eve.  I always thought it would be fun to go for Chinese,  a la The Christmas Story.  This buffet was the first place that popped into my head.  Thankfully they were open, although we arrived about 30 mins before they were set to close so we were prepared to have to stuff our faces pretty quickly.  So not the case!  There were quite a few tables of people still.  They were still bringing out fresh food (even up to the time we left, which was after closing time), the staff was still very attentive and never made us feel rushed.  We still weren't the last ones there when we left to a nice season's greeting from all the staff.  I think we have found our Christmas Eve tradition spot for the foreseeable future!!
1	One star minus one star = zero stars!! Please let me help you if you are thinking about eating here: DONT! I am an avid connesieur of buffets and this place is a hot mess!! I was put off immediately by the uncleanliness but we proceeded, watered down crab, amnesia salad made with mayonnaise, mushy food all around...don't eat here ever, waste of money! They have a sign that says they wool
3	Pretty good place! The girl in the front was really nice, and I suppose the whole staff too. I got the buffet to go and it was nice because you could get everything you want in the container for $8.75! The food is really basic though, like how a buffet should be. Just some food to get you full, although some of the entrees were a little dry. Overall it was good!
3	This place is perfect if you are craving various Asian food. It's super affordable. Not a big fan of their space because it's very tight and you could barely move about if the place is busy. Their bathroom is the ever typical Asian restaurant bathroom- like no one ever checks up if it is dirty or if the toilets are clogged! Food is okay- too much mono-sodium if you ask me. Some food are just completely tasteless and dry- like their ribs. Most of food are just okay and filling. I'm a fan of their fried frogs and salt-and-pepper pork. I've had times where the servers are super attentive and friendly, but there are times where you just get snobby ones. So it depends. Overall, this place is very filling and affordable. Don't forget to try out their $1.99 boba slush- especially the strawberry one!
1	This buffet has gone up in price and down in quality. The food was horrible and there was barely anything to choose from. The place is dirty and we even found a hair in the food.
3	First the Customer service was ok. However, the food did not sit well with my stomach, so if you have a weak stomach be careful. Second, I noticed a sign that says if you don't eat all your food you will be charged (which means two things). One, usually when a sign says that it's because the food is not great so many people leave left over food on their plates (if the food was great, everyone would eat almost everything). Second when a restaurant especially a buffet is cheap on the food, then they are cheap with the quality. Thirdly, the bathrooms were nasty and graffiti writing all over the walls (this place was not in a good neighborhood). I recommend eating on the Strip or a casino.
2	Buffet@Asia is a greasy great for a hang over meal buffet.  They have all the american Chinese dishes that many like to eat.  Nothing too special here.  Very average seating area, the food can be a mix of pretty warm to very lukewarm.  The price is good but the food is sub par to meh.  If you really just need some oily stick to your gut super sweet and fried chinese food for pretty cheap, eat here.  If you want some good chinese food head down the street to east ocean.  But for what it is, and you like cheap asian buffets it fits the bill.
2	Unfortunate. I would recommend staying away from this place. The restaurant is not particularly clean, and the food is very sub par on many fronts; quality, taste and sitting time are a few points. Food from any mainstream fast good restaurant is about twice the quality.
1	Food....not good...  place... so dirty!!! I will not come back unless Im desperate for a chinese buffet.
1	Horrible. Instead if charging kids by age, they charge by height. Kool with me. However, they dont want to charge you while you're at the front desk getting seated, the waitstaff (who barely speaks english) would seat you first, let you eat for 10mns, then ask you how many people and what are the ages of the kids. Then come this loooooong broken-english explanation of how they charge, then they ask for the height of the kids, then age again. WTF!!! Just have a damn ruler at the front and do that instead if they want to charge u by height!!! In-fact, I should get charged half price because I'm shorter than 5' !!! It took us 10 minutes to get the head count straightened out ( we had a party of 14, kids and infants included) and she would bring you the check and literally stay at the table and watched me bust out my purse to pay. This is barely 15 minutes getting seated and I literally was still chewing while she stood by after handing me the check. Rude. I could have paid first!!! The variety of food is lacking for a buffet. i've had better. You're better off going somewhere else. However, I did come on a weekday. Note: My 3 yr old son was charged $7 because when they asked me for age, I said 3 yrs old and I guess they thought I said 3 feet. LOL. Other places, he's usually free. I don't have the time to try to argue with them on that since they barely speak english.
1	restaurant owner has some serious racial discrimination problems. for you all that does not care about discrimination, go ahead continue dining there.  p.s. food quality is.questionable. too bad there is not an one star option, or i would be glad to choose that.
4	When I first came here I was amazed by how much food they were serving. It is a usual buffet so you can go and pick out which food you want to eat. They have many different varieties to choose from and they are all in their own section. The place was nice, clean, and their food signs really catch your attention. If you're a person who is really hungry and is craving many different kinds of food then I would definitely suggest  this place for you. You can even bring your family if you wish as their buffet prices are very reasonable. I have been here 3 or 4 times already and I have not regretted one of them.
2	My mom treated us for my daughter's birthday here since it wasn't too far from my brother's home.  This was probably my least favorite of the Chinese buffets my mom has taken us to the past couple years.The service was not too bad, but the selection wasn't as good as it could be and the foot just not as tasty.  Some foods seemed to have been sitting there for awhile, therefore, things that should be soft were hard.It just wasn't as tasty as Krazy Buffet or the ones in the Phx area that we like.  The place had a nice ambiance, though, the tables were a bit high for those people who are shorter.The taste just didn't make this place appealing to me to go back.  Thankful to my mom who treated us.  It was $13.95 per person for dinner and that included a non-alcoholic drink.
1	WERE TO BEGIN!!! We came to this buffet as it was "recommended" to us (being we are from CA.) 1st off we get there, we are a party of 13 - 9 being adults 4 children (two 2 yr olds 1 3yr old & 1 4yr old) After 20 MIN of waiting to be seated the lady in the front who can barely speak any English charges asks us to pay fine no big deal.has the kids go to a wall and measure themselves. We come from a tall family so out smallest child measures the size of a 5 yr old! so hes really tall long story short we paid $9 per kid which is RIDICULOUS 90% of other buffets charge us $4 max anyways after all that i hand her my card which the register said $138 then busts out her calculator and talking in there damn language to another women who speaks no English as well & then says total is $198. WTF!!! for what??? They automatically add there gratuity to the cost. SO basically they charged us $60 tip. After this huge heart attack & catching my breath i argued with her that how the hell are you counting the kids as a full person! Ughh soo mad at this point! whatever we pay go in & then to top it off they stick us in the damn room in the back corner  NO AC & SMELLED HORRIBLE!!! & guess what?? WITH ALL THE HISPANICS! & of course because we are Hispanic guess what! they stuck us there ! This cant get any worse ! The stupid server walks in AGAIN RUDE IN THERE DAMN LANGUAGE MORE THAN LIKELY TALKING CRAP ABOUT US WITH ANOTHER WAITER RUDELY asks for our receipt like if we smuggled in people or something!!! After yelling at her that YES we paid for all 13 PPL she insisted , at this point i was LIVID! i gave her the damn receipt & walked away. Food was DISGUSTING! had literally NOTHING!!! I have never been so upset in my life! Oh & did i mention we had to chase the damn waiter down to even give us refills! so much for her $60 tip she better be treating us like kings & queens NOT!!! we were not the only ones walking out talking about how ridiculous the tip they add on & they don't even help! ughh STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!! There is soo many other buffets in LAS VEGAS!! Save yourself a headache & go elsewhere. I'll be surprised if this place lasts any longer! & By reading the reviews im not the only upset one!!!! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!
1	Horrible! Worst buffet ever! Way overpriced for the terrible food they serve! Yuck! I obviously would never recommend this place.
1	Server kept on missing us even though we were stationed in the pathway to the employee section and they charge you got drinks.  Which isn't bad in the beginning but if you wanna switch drinks such as ice tea to a sprite, they charge you for the soda change. Understandable if it was can soda but it's aFountain machine.  Fountain machines are inexpensive. Changed. Changed for the bad from what I've seen. The Mexican workers on lunch break were being messy when they ate there lunch such as using utensils for one item for all to grab. Young fellow.
3	Not bad. For the price you pay, it's alright. In fact, I tend to dread "Asian buffets." Any establishment that clumps a multitude of ethnic groups and benignly calls it "Asian" usually sends me running in the opposite direction. But like usual places I've no interest for, I go because I'm dragged by my friends. We're broke students with loans up the wazoo. So it's no wonder we choose cheap food that can not only fill us up but also potentially kill us. But I didn't get food poisoning here, huzzah! Friday dinner came out to be about $16+tip per person.There is a large selection of "Asian foods." There's a Mongolian grill (where you choose what you want and it gets freshly stir fried). I didn't try it, but the noodles looked overly squishy and very saucy. I also noticed that my friends who got it didn't finish it. There's an area for sushi and rolls- the fish didn't look or taste fresh, but really what can you expect out of the price you're paying. Beyond the sushi and rolls is an area of vegetables and then lots and lots of seafood selections. To name a few, there were lobsters, fried crab, crab legs, fried shrimp, steamed fish, seafood soups, fried squid, shrimp, clams etc. There were also non seafood items such as western favorites - orange chicken, broccoli beef, fried wontons, egg rolls, etc. Lastly, there's a dessert bar that consists of cookies, puddings, frozen yogurt, and fruit. The service was annoying. The waitress pretended to be bashful and nice by saying that she didn't want to bother us later so we should pay immediately... before most of us had even finished a plate of food. We were literally in the middle of eating, mouths grotesquely stuffed, hands greasy ... and she came to pester us to pay. We were a huge group, so I can kind of understand? Although paying in the beginning before we began to eat would've been more opportune. And at least be upfront, instead of faking the bashfulness and saying that you don't want to bother us later, when you're clearly bothering us now. At one point, they lost the receipt for one of our guys, and the waiters were yelling at each other in Chinese in front of us. The rest of us awkwardly just ate while the waiters yelled over our heads. So 2 stars for service. I wouldn't mind coming back if my friends chose this place again. But I definitely wouldn't come here on my own accord.
4	We came here on a Saturday evening, a little before 8pm, and had their dinner buffet for 31.54 (Used a 15% off dinner coupon that I received in the mail) - Right before we walked in 2 Asian men came out arguing about Lobster! Literally, "Let's take this outside!" Hot commodity. YES! - Pay before you eat like a casino buffet. Items to grab a second time1. salmon sashimi 2. Lobster - like at a dim sum restaurant3. Prawns - like at Makinos4. Crab legs - Disorganized seating. - Like most Asians, you come for the seafood. They do have the normal Chinese buffet food and the sushi rolls that no one gets. Fillers. - No dim sum. No tempura. - Oysters taste just like the sea...yuck. Good thing they have lemons and chili paste.- Exactly what I expected. Great food, sloppy venue. If you can get over that, then you'll have a wonderful time. - Full-filling. Cheap. No dates. Family + Bring GM+GF type of place. You challenge yourself to AYCE, then leave with that  greasy upset stomach feeling. haha
1	We decided to check out this Buffet at Asia in Henderson, NV when we first visited to Nevada . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME HERE. Upon entering this place not much of the staff spoke english, but they know how to count your money perfectly. There isn't much to write about the decor it's more like junior high cafeteria style wooden tables and small hard uncomfortable wooden chairs. There's a mediocre sushi bar near the front entrance.The asian style ribs were so over cooked we couldn't eat them. We asked the waitress not to bring our drinks until we had gotten our food. I think the walls pay more attention to what you say then these people. Upon our return to the table there sat our drinks. Of course I requested she make all fresh drinks and watched her pour fresh drinks as well. I am very skeptical about unattended drinks and foods myself. Of course she wasn't very happy with my request and watching her back either. If you love seafood as I do such as fresh unlimited king crabs legs, fried blue claw crabs and fish etc. Now as of 2013 to present. Go to the Buffet @ Asia on Flamingo and Eastern Ave, Las Vegas. My nail technician recommended that place and we love it. The service is very friendly and the foods are always fresh and hot. There's a very high turn over during dinner hours from 4 pm to 9 pm. The lunch doesn't offer the same menu as the dinner does no king crab legs, fried frog legs, fried crab or pepper shrimp. The price for dinner is $13.95 you leave a tip after you dine. Alcohol drinks are extra but there's unlimited teas and water and Chi tea too. The dessert doesn't offer real ice cream it's just a frozen like iced milk. But they do have a selection of asian desserts cakes and cookies etc. The ribs are tasty but over cooked and dry. The veggies and rice are very good. King crab legs are a good size and plenty of them. But you must watch when they put them out because people grab them two plates full at a time. The atomosphere is relaxed and family friendly. They also have a huge wok station where you can choose your own ingredients too.By far this is the best one of many of the Bufet @ asia to eat in Vegas. Be sure to dine no later than 8:30 pm because they will begin to clean the buffet to close for the night.
2	This was definitely an impulse decision for me and my husband because we were so hungry. We decided to give it a try and disregard the bad reviews. It's a mediocre buffet and it's exactly what you expect from a Chinese buffet. You get what you pay for, so I can't really complain that the food was ookay. They had crab legs since it was dinner time and that made up for the other bland choices. The butter tasted like movie popcorn butter and it made me feel weird. They also had raw oysters which were decent, but I prayed before I ate them just in case I would get sick afterwards. Crab rangoons had little to no filling. Everything else from the fried rice, beef with broccoli, wonton soup, etc was bland and so-so. On the plus side, the staff was super friendly and nice. They refilled our drinks and took old plates away quickly.Case in point- it's a cheap Chinese buffet.
2	Let me begin by saying that if you are low on cash and want to eat at an Asian buffet this is the place to go. My wife and I went here due to indecisiveness and lazy to drive else where. Moreover the staff is quite friendly and pretty quick at serving the beverages. However the food...how can I say this...the food was sooo bland no taste. And for some reason right when I get my food and then sit down the food is already cold. Luckily we got there at dinner where they gave us more options. For example crabs legs, but even though the taste of the crab legs something was off. The butter for the crab legs taste like if it was old butter just being reused. I hate to give them such of a low rating but the fact that i couldn't eat another plate because of the taste and that my wife and I felt sick mildly sick afterwards. So like I said if your low on cash and want a buffet I would recommend but if you don't have a strong stomach and have taste preferences don't.
3	This buffet has all the kinds of food you'd expect from a basic Asian buffet. It was good, satisfies you from dear hunger, although it wasn't as delicious as you would think it would be. The egg drop wonton soup was pretty bland. There wasn't a variety of deserts that I personally thought were good. The sushi was alright, I wasn't overly thrilled at the taste. Overall, it was an ohkay experience. However the staff were pretty friendly, our waitress that handled our drinks kept checking up on us and offered frequently to refill our drinks and clear our table from the used dishes. I would come back here, but won't be expecting much from it in the future.
1	4 years later, this place is still terrible. Why my mom likes to go here, ill never understand.
2	2.5/5The food here was simply OK. The sushi was anything-but-fresh bordering on questionable. Their chopped up lobster chunks were plentiful and decent. The hot shrimp was probably my favorite thing. The spicy chicken was actually spicy. The beef was terrible as expected at a seafood place. The soft serve dessert was too icy. No one got sick and the service was good for what was.
3	Did Lady Luck rob you blind? Perhaps the dealer had gotten a 21 one time too many and now you're completely broke but still want to eat your sadness away? Well look no further than Buffet @ Asia. Who can drop that much money Bacchanal Buffet anyways? For as little as $15 (that said I didn't get too good of a look at the prices if you know what I mean), you can gorge yourself alongside others determined to commit gluttony. Score yourself a 15% coupon and you even get to save some more! Maybe that $30 that you saved can lead to a jackpot! Just be aware, this is a Chinese buffet, as in don't expect the best.Like most Chinese buffets at dinner time, the place was loaded with seafood. Most importantly, they had dim sum style lobster! For $15, you're getting all you can eat lobster. Am I dreaming and living the buffet life or what? Throw in salmon sashimi, crab legs, frog legs, and dynamite and it's a home run! Unfortunately, I must admit that the food is obviously not of the best quality. The clams were sandy and had a weird, somewhat metallic taste. The oysters weren't very fresh and weren't cleaned properly. The nigiri had obviously been sitting out for a long time and should have been disposed of. At the beginning of service, the salmon sashimi was very very good. Then, it became horrible cuts and believe it or not, I found a piece of bone in a piece. Yuck! The shrimp dynamite was deliciously cheesy and creamy but none of the shrimp were deveined. I don't know about anything else I found that the taste of the food in general was strong; it's heavily seasoned. Now, onto service. Holy moly! My table literally never had an empty plate at any time. There were times they carted my plate away while I still had food on it that I was getting to! And yes, most of the time, the item about to be taken away were lobsters and crab legs. My water was constantly being filled to the very blink. They were probably hoping that I'd get full off the water. Overall, for $15, this place is a steal. It's a bit messy but this is a Chinese buffet boy! You do't come here for world class service; you come here for food at dirt cheap prices.
1	Obviously it's a buffet so they use very very low quality ingredients I can't imagine anything being worse than this in terms of Chinese food.
4	Came for dinner for $14.99 theres alot of selections including crab legs, soft shell crab, fresh made sushi.
1	This place used to be fairly decent until my previous visit. Food was awful and the customer service lacked professionalism. The place and atmosphere is dirty      So, when we got seated, I asked for chopsticks. The waitress responded with an angry tone, " If you want the chopsticks, GO OVER THERE." She later served the drinks by slamming them on the table.       For the food, it left me disappointed. The chicken wings were crispy, but the meat tasted foul. The rangoons lacked any filling. The fried rice tasted old. The sushi rice is dry.       Besides the bad food and service, the chefs were also bad, which is a rarity. The CHEFS were eating at the tables like the customers. This actually bothered me because one chef ate with bad manners, slurping his soup loudly, and the other was staring at me with a funny and dirty look non-stop.
1	The worst service ever. Even nobody came to take our plates, we had maybe 7 or 8 plate on the table. And when we wanted to pay with credit card, the owner or manager told us no credit card accept, very rude!I will definitely not come to this restaurant any more!
4	I love the food here, customer service is exceptional on a given day, location is perfect.  Downside is that lack of parking space when this place is busy which is common, and no takeouts.
3	Went here with a friend for dinner on 12/2/14 and the food itself was very good.  What irked me is the restaurant itself.  The booth seats were not fastened to the floor so when myself or the person behind me got up the whole seat moved.  Also there was dirty dishes on carts just piled up not to far from the food.  And the restrooms..the smell was so bad and unkept that it smelled worse than a rest area.Will I go back to this one..no.  I do like the one on Rainbow/Sahara.
1	Majority of the seafood and sushi was not fresh. Very dirty, the waitress began setting the table despite previously spilled sugar and food crumbs. I had to ask them to clean it. The floor was wet and very dirty where they sat us and they ignored it until we complained but all they did was put napkins on the floor. One of the drinks was forgotten to be served until we were about halfway done with our meal.
1	Crappy customer service stay away!!!!These people are d o rude and try in any way to make an extra buck! You can barely understand what they are saying and are fast to shut you up! The waiter rushes you! Food is okay but the staff really make this place suck!
1	This used to be one of my favorite places to eat. Not any more. Food was mediocre. Bathrooms were nasty. Waitress didn't want to wait on us. Not once did she come to our table to ask how we were doing or refill our drinks. We stopped her to get refills she acted like it was the end of the world. Very rude. Her tip reflected her service. Notta!!! Will I go back? No.
