5	Finally, a delicious Mexican(fusion) restaurant in Arcadia!  I have been twice now already and both trips were amazing from beginning to end. Food, drinks and service have been top notch.  Everything I've had so far has been fantastic but the standouts to me have been the PB & J de Puerco, the Costilla taco and the Costilla Plate and the salmon dinner, Pez Plancha which was my favorite.  I might actually go in today to try the grilled Mahi tacos and to fill up my growler with the Papago Orange Blossom beer! Can't wait to watch some NFL there and enjoy the patio.  Keep it up Milagro!
4	Impromptu visit to Milagros yesterday as it has finally opened. In between lunch and dinner, but wanted to check it out anyway. Great vibe and rich look, they have really transformed this space.Fixed my eyes on the Mahi tacos, price aside, some of the best fish tacos I've had in a long time. Fresh Mahi, hand made tortilla's, pickled red onions, thinly sliced chili peppers, three little gems on a plate. Sumptuous! I asked for " something " spicy and my server brought a very unusual side of a thick spicy blended sauce that fulfilled the craving for heat. I can't believe the size of the patio they added and can't wait for cooler weather to enjoy it at happy hour. Great addition to the Arcadia restaurant scene. Congrats to all the Johnsons on this endeavor.
5	Had some amazing cuisine at Milagro's. The chef is truly an innovative genius. Our food was so unique and delicious. Plus, the weather was so nice that we sat out on their beautiful patio and watched the sunset on the purple mountains. I highly recommend the PB & J appetizer. It's nothing you have ever had before I can assure you. I would also highly recommend the swordfish dish and tacos.
5	I enjoyed another great evening at Milagro Grill. We shared flatbread, quesadillas, ribeye/chimichurri skewers, guacamole, salsa, divine gazpacho, sangria, and fantastic innovative desserts. A great place to celebrate, take friends, or enjoy a tequila flight on the patio!!!! We will be back soon. Thanks to James, Ben, and all the skilled staff!
4	We were excited to try this new place which was to be the third restaurant in this location. If word travels, and it will, it will be Milagro Gills permanent residence.  We started out with the Cadillac Margarita which was excellent. The chips and salsa aren't complimentary but once you taste the fire roasted tomato salsa, you forget about that. We ordered the Grilled Chicken Balsalmic Salad, Steak Tacos, and Pork Tacos. The salad was fresh and the chicken amazingly tender and flavorful and the cilantro added to the lettuce gave it a nice flavor. Both guests with the tacos were impressed with their flavorful meat, but disappointed with the size of them. If you are familiar with the size of Chipoltes tacos, they are actually smaller. So needless to say, they were looking for more food as the tacos didn't come with anything else. Really our only complaint, and I would have given 5 stars had it not been for this. Desert was the Chocolate Churros which we couldn't get enough of! They are small crispy Churros with chocolate and cinnamon sugar and you have caramel and an eggnog type mousse to dip them in. So delectable!We will absolutely be going back and we were pleased to find that our out of town guest thought it was a great choice as well. Can't wait to try out the patio come October.
3	So i read all the glowing reviews of this place, and knowing the history of the joint, i was excited to try out the new place. As Richard Attenborough would say, they "spared no expense" in the remodel. They've transformed a generic Joey's of Chicago into a classy, snappy decor, with a twist on the unisex bathrooms. The patio outside is very welcoming when the weather permits and they did throw in a couple of TVs to catch the game.  They've added the prerequisite in Arcadia, dual garage door that opens the bar onto the patio. Should be a nice touch in a few months. We were greeted promptly and found a nice hi-top in the bar area. The wine and beer list is extensive. We were informed of the happy hour specials and decided that would be our focus for this visit. We started with their Dulce Camarones---small lightly battered fried shrimp with slice veggie garnish on a bed of lettuce with aioli. This dish was disappointing, the shrimp was small and had a very mild taste. The aioli was the strongest flavor by far, and that was muted. Then we tried the Carne Tacos and the pork tacos. The carne was moist, and delicious, the pork was mediocre. Each order came with three tacos, which were 2-3 bites each. We finished off with  Alitas (Grilled Wings) coated with Habanero glaze. These had a pleasant yet mild flavor, but not as spicy as I had hopedSo why the three stars? Well I'd give them 2.5 if I could. Maybe my expectations were too high based upon the previous reviews. We spent 34 dollars including tip, and didn't order any drinks. Meh, I expected and wanted more from my visit.
4	Awesome food!!  Ate there about a week ago while traveling.  PBJ appetizer was great.  Tacos were excellent.   Drinks just right.  Well worth the time.  Highly recommend.
3	Tried this place for happy hour last night- was never really told what was on the happy hour menu, and after looking at our bill, apparently did not order anything on the happy hour menu.Our server was nice, but a bit spacey. Delivered my margarita with no salt when I had asked for salt, and a vodka martini up, instead of on the rocks as was asked. No big deal, can overlook that.The food was good, and it was pretty unique. The chips, salsa and guacamole were very good. Tried the ghost salsa, also a favorite. It'll get ya though, so go lightly the first chip or two.The mahi fish tacos were good, decent amount of fish on each taco. Also had the veggie quesadilla, pretty good.The menu and drink lists are eclectic, and the decor is beautiful. The patio is awesome, and I am sure as the weather turns, it will become increasingly popular.With that said, I hope that this restaurant does well. They certainly have some kinks to work out, but noting too severe that should prevent Milagro Grill from becoming successful!
5	Great food, great drinks, great service, great atmosphere.  It's a little pricier than your standard street-taco place.  The portions are human sized - not too huge - which means that you can try a few different things without being over-stuffed.  Each of the items we shared was truly great.  Guac, short-ribs tacos, fish tacos, carnitas, mac&cheese - all fantastic!  The flavors are a little more subtle than the in-your-face Mexican style that is familiar to Phoenix, but foodies should LOVE it.
3	I really liked the look and decor of this restaurant with the bar that has garage doors that open onto the big patio and the separate between bar and dining area. Although, our biggest complaint was that there were three little kids running around the bar. I love kids, but kids in the bar is a personal pet peeve of mine. :-)  I had the pork tacos which were okay, but were very small and the pork would be more flavorful if it was shreaded instead of in large pieces. My friend had the steak tacos and she loved them, but also thought they were too small. We loved the chips, salsa, and guacamole! I also had a rasberry, habanero margarita and it was amazing! Perhaps too spicy for some, but not for me.  Our 3 tiny tacos were $7 and that was from the happy hour menu. The only good deals for happy hour here are that they have a $1 beer and a $2 beer, but neither of us drink beer so sadly I doubt we will venture back.
4	My daughter-in-law and I ate there on the patio last night.  We wanted to try it because we're a fan of supporting locally owned and operated businesses. Of all things, I forgot to ask that question! Not knowing what to expect, we were pleasantly surprised.  Great SW style Mexican food.  Great Sangria and delicious chips and salsa.Service was good until we got our food, then the water became sparse.  Other than that everything was pretty good.We'll be going back!
4	We went to Milagro Grill for the 2nd time and it was delicious again.  The ambiance and patio are very nice.  The service is fast and friendly.  And the food is fantastic.  This time we had the chips and guac and pb&j appetizer.  Wow, both are wonderful.  We also had the chicken and chorizo mac n cheese-fantastic and filling!  Last time we had tacos with pineapple which was also wonderful.  Can't believe the place isn't packed every night  We live in the area and will go back soon!  You should too.
5	Went here for HH last week and it was awesome! They have a nice outdoor seating. I had their wings which were $6 and great portions too! Their cucumber ranch dressing for the wings were awesome too! Chips, salsa, and guacamole was very fresh and tasty! I will be coming back again soon!
4	I liked this place. Great Atmosphere and music. Their Guacamole and Salsa is really good. Service was good too, My server (forgot his name) came by often to check on me (Or because he thought I was gonna run out on the bill) and was really nice. I had the Carne flatbread, surprisingly good! Id definitely come back when I have have the moneyGood place for a date as well!
4	OK.. First let me say I am a fan. Very tasty and unique flavored street tacos. I ordered the al pastor with the pineapple and the flavors were wonderful. Loved the taste of the tortillas. Yes, they are more of the smaller street taco size but not anywhere near the "not much bigger then a 50 cent coin"  post I saw earlier.  As a person being conscious of calorie counting right now I loved that ithis restaurant only uses one tortilla per taco as opposed to some other places that put two tortillas per taco just to make them more filling, and that Milagro concentrated more on the flavor.  I also ordered the rancho beans which were very tasty and served in a small side pot.  Very friendly service from the waiter and a comfortable atmosphere even for one person dining alone. I do plan on returning, as my waiter suggested, for the Saturday brunch they have coming up for cervezas on the patio and some football watching.  The only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 star is just the price point.  $15 for 3 tacos and a side of beans is a bit more on the pricey side for a lunch meal. I think they will figure that out with all the feedback and of course the build out on the place could not have been cheap.  When that happens my star will surely become a 5.  I for one am hoping this place sticks around.
5	First off, if you're coming from the West on Indian School pay attention to the sign that says Milagro Grill is in 400 yards or feet or whatever it says.  Otherwise it's sort of hard to find. The address is 4280 E. Indian School.  It's right across the street from another of my favorite spots, La Fontanella's if that helps! First thing in the door, we were greeted enthusiastically by the Host.  She welcomed us and seated us with a terrific attitude.  Then Katie, our server greeted us and took our drink order.  Water was brought out right away.  We decided on Iced Tea, as opposed to an alcoholic beverage.  It was eleven in the morning and I don't want to appear to be a total lush!  The Iced Tea was nice and strong, the way I like it.  Black tea and plenty of it!The manager Jared Johnson came over and introduced himself. We discussed my gluten free status and he said he was trying to learn very quickly about gluten free eating.  He said that the kitchen was very good about knowing how to prepare gluten free foods and he was trying to make sure they do things right.  Everything is made fresh onsite, which should help with that!  They seem very concerned about making their customer's dietary needs a priority. While we were talking, my husband commented that I loved guacamole and he'd read that their guac was amazing so Jared sent their homemade guacamole out, which is made fresh, with home made chips and their salsa de la casa, made with cascabel chili.This House Salsa was so smokey and flavorful without having a "traditional" salsa taste.  It was kind of a nutty flavor which just has to be tried!  Looking over the Brunch menu did have it's drawbacks.  The names and descriptions were sort of baffling.  Something they MIGHT want to think about changing.....but Katie was great about explaining each one!  I had the Enfrijoladas, which was basically chicken enchiladas with a white bean and tomatillo sauce....topped with an egg (I opted for scrambled).  I was blown away by the smokey taste of the chicken.  It also had some cheese but what I loved was the bean and tomatillo puree.  There was definitely a smooth hotness factor but it was so subtle and appealing that I really enjoyed it.My husband opted for the Chorizo Con Huevos which was a flatbread with a very mild Chorizo, some charred tomato, potato and cheese with an egg on top.  He really enjoyed it and thought that the flavors went very well together.  He said the only thing he'd change is maybe have the egg on the side.  But who doesn't love pizza for breakfast? We were really blown away with the quality of the food as well as the super efficient staff.  They have a smokin' hot terrific happy hour as well, which we are going back for specifically!  I want to try a Milagro Margarita!  The gorgeous Retro '70's feel to the decor and the large, easy to sit in chairs impressed me!Oh, did I happen to mention they are the 2012 AZ Taco Festival Grand Champion's?  When you go in just take a look at all the awards they have received.  Quite impressive and I know WHY!  These people know how to cook and how to serve a customer. .  I am impressed!
3	I got the carne asada tacos and they were pretty tasty plus they had a great selection of tequilas.
4	If I could, I would give them a 4.5  I would not call this a Mexican Restaurant... it is so much more.  We had short rib street tacos.... fabulous and the quac was fresh and flavorful.... like nothing you have had in this city.... same with the salsa, we tried 2 of them, this is not your find it anywhere salsa varieties.  We also had a mahi mahi torta served with french fries with cohito (sp) cheese sprinkled on them.... yum!  The breaded shrimp in lettuce cups were wonderful.... the lightest batter ever on the shrimp.  We will put this place on our list of faves....   Do not go there looking for Mexican food that you order by color and it tastes the same as all the other Mexican places.... this place is big on presentation and commitment to flavor.  Chef driven!
5	I was at this restaurant in their first week and wrote a quick tip about how good the carne asada flatbread was. I did not review the service or anything else at the time because if you go into any restaurant expecting perfect service within their first few weeks of opening, you need get off your high horse and come on back to the real world.  My girlfriend and I have been back at least four times since their opening week and you can see that they've really ironed out the kinks. I think we had so-so service once and great service every time thereafter. Atmosphere: Somewhat dramatic with a industrial chic feel. Great for dates. I also picture myself doing a bit of Sunday Funday drinking out on their huuuge patio. Drinks: They have a great selection of beers on tap with a few I haven't seen at other places including orange blossom and their own house beer. My girlfriend likes their spicy margarita but is usually drawn to their bubbles i.e. prosecco. Food: I reiterate, THE FLATBREADS ARE AMAZING!! I have had all of them by now and each one has been great, they've even added a shrimp flatbread with grapes that I think beats the carne asada one. A feat I didn't think possible. The PB&J de puerco is so good I am drooling thinking about it, slow cooked pork belly, slow cooked tomato jam, peanut puree on a soft torta-esque bun, as Homer Simpson used to say, mmmmm...pb&j de puerco (tongue out drooling).  I heard they are going to start doing brunch soon, all I have to say is, sign me up!
5	Just went here for some snacks. Had a margarita which was delicious (not too sweet or made with fake mixes). Started with the guacamole and salsa trio - the guacamole was excellent and the salsas had yummy different flavors. Also tried a couple flatbreads which were quite good. Ended with the cheesecake and the spicy chocolate cake, both were awesome. Pistachio ice cream with the cake was great! I love OHSO down the street, but the food at Milagro was MUCH better and more flavorful.  Will have to try the tacos next time, I heard they just won Best Tacos at the Taco festival.
4	This was a great lunch date spot. Service was friendly but unobtrusive. We sat on the patio because it was an inviting November afternoon in the 70s. Highly recommend the table side guacamole, though the salsa portion could use more heat. Definitely big fan of short rib and al pastor tacos...flavorful but not overpowering And yes, leave room for the churros...best ending and pure happiness in my mouth :)
4	My husband, father in law and I went to Milagros grill for my husband's birthday. All I can really say is DELICIOUS!!! I had the papa y carne flatbread and it's one of the best meals I've had... ever. My husband had the surf and turf and my father in law had the short ribs. Everything was delicious. The atmosphere was great. I was so happy that we chose to go there. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the service could have been a bit better. We will definitely be back!
1	I couldn't tell you what a single morsel of their food tasted like.  Went there tonight (a Saturday night) at 8pm and the place was empty, only 4 tables of people seated in the dining room and a couple of people at the bar.  Our group was seated promptly by the hostess and then we just sat.  A guy brought us water about 5 minutes after being seated and then we just continued to sit for another 10 minutes.  No one acknowledged us ever again.  The table of people sitting directly behind us had their server stop by twice as we just continued to sit there.  You'd think the server would say something and let us know that he'd be right with us...didn't happen.I was ready to order a $22 entree and a $16 glass of wine, but apparently they didn't care.  So after 15 minutes of being completely ignored and sipping on our waters, we got up and left and had a great meal at another close by restaurant.As we were leaving Milagro Grill, the hostess was very nice and thanked us for coming.  Hilarious...these people are clueless! With all of the options in this neighborhood you'd think they'd be on top of things.Good luck Milagro Grill, you're gonna need it!
4	My husband and I have been here a few times now.  We love that it is walking distance from our house and the outdoor patio is great!  Staff is always super friendly and courteous, even when we are "those people" bringing our stroller with infant.  Food is awesome and so is there sangria.  Everything I have eaten has been phenomenol, with the exception of the wings.  The wings need a lot of help!  They were fatty, and rubbery.  Not a fan.. but everything else is A+
4	Wow! Welcome to the neighborhood! The owner, Jarrett (sorry if I messed the spelling up) is a friendly guy. He came over and said hi. He nailed it with this place.  The guacamole is fresh and cold and the most wonderful texture and flavor...the chips are thin and crispy...the patio is so relaxing. I love this place!After the guacamole, I had the Tostadas de Costilla. Which were delicious. The portion was adequate, but I wish I had one more little tostada. The short rib was perfectly sauced and the mix of unusual flavors was perfect. I can't wait to try the Pastel de Abuela - their own description says: Granny's spicy chocolate cake with candied fresno chiles and pistachio ice cream - YUM! I haven't tried it yet because every time I go to this place I get full from eating all of the other goodies. The decor is really, lovely, too. It is artistic and chic in a way that isn't cold or pretentious. It's just pretty and there are lots of lovely fixtures and pieces of art to look at.As if this place couldn't get any better...It is mellow dog friendly, too!
4	I love the patio and I love the food.  Great chips and salsa and french fries too!  Steak tacos are the bomb, even though they are tiny.  Pretty decent happy hour and great service.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
5	Excellent!
5	This is the first time I've ever written anything about a restaurant, but I couldn't help but put in a good word because I LOVE this place. I've been here about five times already and I've had a good sampling of the menu. The place has a really hip, low-key feel. I sat next to the chef (James) on one of my trips there on a Saturday afternoon, and he gave a better description, calling it "upscale chill." Totally on the mark with that. The decor - especially the wall behind the bar is really chic. As far as everything else - super clean, great atmosphere, a couple of TVs, not too pricy, especially for the quality! Would be a great first-date, get-to-know-someone type of place. On to the food (my favorite part!): The chips and guacamole are just insane. So good, I don't even know what to tell you other than just to get it. A couple of other dishes I've had that pretty much blew my mind were the Swordfish and the tacos. The swordfish came with like a white bean gumbo that was just mouthwatering. I think I shoveled that in my mouth like I was Homer Simpson, I might not have even chewed it. I've also had each of the varieties of tacos they make (chicken, steak, pork, salmon) and I think I like the salmon the best. I've also had their flat bread shrimp pizza as well, and though it might not have been the healthiest thing I've ever eaten, it was simply incredible, and I'll be back for more of it!  One other thing. I'm not a huge drinker, but they had a nice selection of wines and beers I liked (Pacifico!). They also make a fresh mango lemonade that I will also tell you to order. Like everything else on the menu, it went down so smooth.
5	Absolutely amazing! Mac n' Cheese is the best I have ever had. My wife is on the gluten free diet, if I could have their tacos every day I would go gluten free as well! A must go... You will return!
1	RIP OFF! Wow!  What a waste of money. Ordered the Pollo Caldo soup, because another Yelp reviewer said the bowl was so big they needed a step ladder to get to the soup, and it filled up two women.  Unless these women were really coked out, there's no way this tiny, eenie beenie little bowl filled two of them, much less one person, who's not very big, with a not very big appetite to match. Add to that, it was tasteless.  So disappointing. Had to add siracha to make it even worth eating. Also ordered the Papa Y Carne flatbread for my dining companion.  Decent, but NOT worth $12.  You can get much better for the same price all over the Valley. You certainly won't get full on it.  We eat out at least 2-4 times a week. This will NEVER be on our visit again list. So disappointed.
4	The food is delicious, the service was grand and very attentive, and the decor is delightful. It really is a pretty restaurant. They have the best Churros with Carmel dipping sauce. I ate a lot of them in Spain and it is hard to find good ones here. A suggestion would be to offer a deep dipping chocolate option too. I read the two bad reviews and have no idea what that is all about. They were all over us with great service and the only other restaurant with as good street tacos and such is Gallo Blanco. I did not try the chips or Guacamole. I might have to go back if it is as good as others say.
5	Two words....SOOOO GOOD!  A buddy of mine had told me about this place from this big Taco competition that Milagro apparently won every category in, so OF COURSE I'm going to check it out! The decor is really nice and they have a great patio, which is where we sat. The service was SPOT ON, not a dang thing wrong..at all. We ordered the house chips and salsa ($5), that was perfectly spicy without being too much. I ordered the carne tacos and a side of these white beans with sofrito and cotijo. The tacos were around $9 and the beans, maybe $4? We also got my daughter and or fries with this great pink sauce, for $4. My wife got this flatbread with manchego, tomato and greens, around $8. All in all, super impressed. the tacos were perfect, the tortillas thin and cooked to perfection. The carne was well flavored and pretty tender. Wifey really enjoyed her flatbread. The fries were cooked perfectly and the sauce was SO MONEY! My beans were undercooked and underseasoned, but they remade them and I just took them to go. All in all, I'm super pumped to come back and try some other great things on their menu! Way to go Milagro!!
2	We had a large group (14) or so.  I was really appreciative that the restaurant was willing to accomodate a large group and our server even split the checks that evening.  The first item (guacamole uniquo) which had guac and crab was so salty it had to be sent back.  The second order came out beautifuly and was delicious.  The rest of the entrees seemed hit or miss.  A girlfriend had to send back a glass of one twice since both glasses had turned.  The burger was tasty.  I am mixed on the tacos which seem pricey (three tacos without any accompanyments left many of us hungry).  The flatbreads were tasty but overly cheesed, and tended to be oily.  I'm still wanting to try out their brunch which looks tasty.  Service was not great.  To be fair, we were a large party and there was another realy large party on the patio, but we would put in orders and wait and wait and wait about 20 minutes before someone checked in on us only to find that our drink orders hadn't been put into the bar.I'm excited to have this addition to the neighborhood but probably won't go back for dinner for another few months.
5	I've been to this cozy little spot on Indian School Road a few times. The first time it was quite busy & packed and didn't really get a chance to get a feel for the place. We only had drinks but the service was outstanding. Thanks to the good service, I suggested  to a friend that we return for Happy Hour. I love the HH menu. It was quiet this time around and really enjoyed atmosphere.Last night, I was invited out to meet friends for dinner. Since I'm doing my best to maintain my Size 4 figure, it's not all too often that I order a full entree for myself. While ordering, I noticed a pollo entree that was being served to a table next to ours and decided to give it a try. Chicken was a heavenly delight! I sampled a few bites of various tacos at our table and everything was just amazing. Milagro Cafe will be at the top of my list for Happy Hour & Dinner. Cheers***
5	I live around the corner from this place. I am happy to see a place be successful in this location!Bonus: Patio, Orange Blossom on tap, guac and salsas are on point, carne asada skewer is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth, and I can stumble home from here. To sum up my review, two words: Mini Churros.
4	This place has a terrific patio, great service, and great food/drinks.  Really fun spot for relaxing with friends and good conversation.
1	We had localdines deal we used to check it out for the first time.  Well, be careful when going to a place that automatically charges a gratuity.  Typically this means the service will be sub-par at best.  Bingo!  It took forever to get our first drinks. So long we had time to read through the whole menu.  He did seem nice enough, but just mosied around the place.  It really wasn't terribly busy.  Ordered the hamberguesa and the grilled fish tacos.  The fish tacos were good, but the hamberguesa will leave you feeling the results later...ah!  Anyway, it took so long to get a second round of drinks one of us went to the bar to cancel order and ask for the check.  We were already done eating by then.  He did ask if everything was okay, so nice attempt, but we just wanted to leave after seeing the bill included the tip.  It does not create incentive for giving exceptional service.  This town is tough for restaurants!
5	Had a great Valentine's dinner during our stay in Phoenix. This is a favorite of our friends' who live in Phoenix and they were right on! Great margaritas, salmon tacos, and swordfish entree. Very attentive staff.
5	Just love it !!  Good interesting menu, have loved everything we tried.  They nailed it with the decorating.  Love that the owners are Arcadia graduates.  They are so friendly.  The only negative I have is the servers,  I can't put my finger on it just felt like we were putting her out when we asked with taco plate were which, ( my faves were the short rib.)  Don't want to dwell on that because the place is so awesome.  Oh and they have growlers they can fill up, Orange Blossom is so good.
5	Absolutely amazing food from the guacamole to the tacos this is not your typical latin american food.  This is definitely a restaurant I will continue to go back for more.  The atmosphere at this restaurant is stunning and lively.  The staff is remarkable and quick to get you whatever you ask for.  This is one restaurant that is Mexican American fusion and the food is out of this world.  When I feel like Mexican food I will choose Milagro grill from now on.
5	This is a long drive for me, but very well worth it.   The tacos are YUMMY and the margi's tasty.    Local Arcadia people that have been in the neighborhood forever.   Take the time, it's worth it.    Great flavor and choices.   Make it yours!
5	Love this new place in Arcadia!  It's versatile, great for work lunch, happy hour with friends, or date night out on the town.  The food is great - evidenced by the many, many trophies in the entrance.  They are well deserved!     My favorite:  The costilla (short rib) tacos or tostadas. Don't pass up the chips & Guacamole - so good!   I've tried the Alitas (wings) - they defintely have some heat, so be prepared!  The portions are perfect, they are small - medium range.  I love the deco, the tree on the wall is amazing!     Definitely catch this place whenever you are in Arcadia!
5	Truly fantastic food. Everything was full of richly layered flavors, great presentation, friendly service. A strong competitor to Mission in old town Scottsdale.
5	I love this place. The food is to die for, the atmosphere is perfect and the drinks are awesome. The patio is so relaxing and the service has always been fun and friendly. We had their flatbread with beef al pastor that was really favorable. Their PB and J seems to be really popular (not your regular PB and J, by the way) but I have yet to try it. Overall, Milagro is one of my favorite places in Arcadia.
5	James Fox is the bomb, ba, bomb, bomb, bomb!  That's all!
2	The food is good but the service is miserably slow. I go there for lunch on occasion and each time it takes over an hour and I come back late.
4	Happy hour at Milagro was nice. It can seem a little pricey of it's not happy hour, but I think that Milagro has found a good middle ground between fusion with a Mexican twist and just another waterhole. The service was excellent. Nicely dressed staff that addresses you properly and act like they enjoy your business. Ok, at happy hour it was be a little wait for a refill, but that is to be expected. Locale. The outside patio is super nice. The indoors is just as nice. They have succeeded to make a cozy yet stylish interior and there is several alternatives to sit by the bar, in a booth public or more discretely off to the side. It also feel clean and fresh.I didn't get to try much of the food, but I did try a few beers.. and they were refreshing and not of the standard selection. I will definitely go back to Milagro, and give it another shot.. not that it needs to be given anything. This establishment stand on its own feet.Nana nana booboo, der Kritiker
5	My second time to Milagro Grill and again spectacular food, service and atmosphere.  I had the Salmon with guava sauce and my friend had the burger and we couldn't stop all the oooohhhs and awwwwws, this is the best restaurant in Phoenix hands down.  We also had the guacamole with dungeness salmon and it was off the chains awesome.  The raspberry martini was fantastic.  Reed, Luke and Jarod are the best, and they have the hottest restaurant in Phoenix.  LOVE LOVE LOVE.We didn't save any room for dessert this time but we already have a day planned for that.
5	I heard about Milagro Grill after attending the 2012 AZ Taco Festival (where they were grand champions both days). This place did not disappoint. I had a cucumber margarita and three chicken tacos. They were by far the best chicken tacos I have ever had. Their tortillas are homemade and delicious. They have a nice patio, but it was full when we arrived so we sat inside. If you are a taco lover: Go. Here. Now.
4	Went here on Sunday evening around 7:30.  It was not busy and we sat on the patio.  The guacamole with crab was great and so were the tacos.  We had the pork and the short rib tacos.  Highly recommend the short rib tacos.  Others on the list looked great as well.  The service was great.  We will return.
4	I am going to keep this short and sweet. I would recommend Milagro Grill to anyone. The food is creative and delicious. They do a fantastic job combining very different flavors to make excellent dishes. The service is good. They have always been friendly and accommodating. The drinks are great. The have numerous variations of typical drinks that work. Order the Tostadas de Costilla.
5	Yes! Talk about a flavor explosion in your mouth. Everything was extremely delicious. A+ on their guacamole. I had the salmon tacos and holy cow! They were quite delicious. My dinner date had the Al Pastor (roasted pork) tacos and he said and I quote "This place rocks!". Their skinny margarita was tasty and gets a thumbs up. I must mention their bathrooms which were very clean and unisex. There is a row of bathrooms across from a row of sinks so it is quite possible you could be washing hands next to a dude. It was not very primping friendly. I wasn't about to start curling my eyelashes or applying lipstick when a strange boy could walk in..somehow that seemed a little awkward to me. It was just pee/wash hands/ and exit ASAP!Anyway if you are looking for a creative Mexican fusion place with a great atmosphere-try Milagro Grill!
5	the food was excellent, smart, and not pricey.  Not too trendy not old school, it is a really great mix.  The taco selection was super-- the fish selection was great and well prepared (not deep fried).  I enjoyed the atmosphere, service and the family ownership.  Highly recommend the PB and J, and any of the tacos.  I went back a second night and had the filet and it was cooked perfectly. i travel a lot and the hotels  -- Biltmore, Cammelback, royal palms...should all recommend this to those looking for an easy-going atmosphere and great food. Highly recommend.
5	I have dined at Milagro Grill numerous times and not once have I had a bad experience. The staff is friendly and efficient, the food is to die for, and the cocktails are unique and refreshing! **Be sure to try the raspberry habanero margarita** The Johnson family did an amazing job at making this a friendly spot for the whole neighborhood. The managers always make it a point to stop by and greet the tables when they have a chance, and that is very important. The patio is my favorite, it puts Milagro above every other restaurant in the valley. Everyone should try the place out, its great!!
4	The salsas, tacos, fries and salads that we have tried are very good.  I have recommended it to others and have gone back 3 times in the last few months.  Nice addition to Arcadia.
5	the best food:  the short rib tostadas, the tortas everything is wonderful.  enjoy the ambiance and have their brunch.  the staff and owners are great.
5	Wife and I sat at the bar for happy hour.  All the food was awesome.  Only complaint was the mash the PB&J (pork belly & jam) was OFF THE CHAIN!!! I'm picky about my pork belly and although skeptical about this combo I was delighted.The  short rib Tostadas were also scrumptious.  My only complaint is the potato puree it sits on.  I love the added flavor but it makes for a messy handling.  I'd love it dolloped on top instead.  The tacos were flawless.The prices seemed fair. Drink selection great.    I'd rather a little more focus on the the drink menu, seems a power struggle between wine, beer, and cocktails... but since the competition is light  it makes sense here.The  service was perfect also.  Our bartender forgot to order the guac & chips, We reminded her and told her not to worry since we were full on the rest. She took the initiative to tell management and they brought it out for us at the end of our meal in a to-go bag.  INITIATIVE goes a long way.  Service is below par in the Valley, all it takes is a little initiative to change that.Very happy!!!!  Can't wait to go for brunch next time I'm back in town.
4	Been here two other times now.  The food and service here is very good. I even gave a Spanish lesson to a server. lol--- The chef is from Mexico City so no Tex Mex here. Great happy hour place with my Girlies. Rasberry Habenero Margarita for 5 bucks, Yum!  Seven dollar plates. Yippee! This is my second favorite Mexican restaurant in town. The Guac is good, yes but still not as good as Gallo/Otro. I will have to go here more often especially since they are right next door to an "Anything Bundt Cakes."
4	great skewers!
4	A pleasant-enough happy hour experience. It's got a nice, dark wood feeling inside that was comforting on a hot afternoon.The happy hour menu isn't necessarily "cheap" but the food items were good, and  the wine choices interesting. The wings with the habanero sauce were tasty. I heard great things about the pork belly and jam sandwich. Service was good.The music is a bit too loud, and for a place like this, a soundtrack featuring Coldplay and Jack Johnson (the hits of 2003) seemed a little off. We were two of 6 customers for Happy Hour, so it's likely that things like loud background music were more noticeable than they might have been otherwise.
5	Tried this place out after I saw they won the Arizona taco festival in a number of categories. After trying it myself I certainly can tell why. Their tacos have super thin tortillas that provides a flavor explosion in your mouth. The carne asada is different than a traditional carne taco but it has to be one of my favorite menu items. Everything I have tried has been good. The atmosphere is great too. I am pleasantly surprised this place is still on local dines, it's a great deal.
5	Food was amazing, service was fast and friendly and the place is super clean.
3	A good neighborhood spot. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there. Drinks were tasty.
5	Best tacos I've ever ate in my life! Everything is good at Milagros.. The guacamole is fresh and the homemade salsa is amazing. Save room for desert because the churros are heavenly. I hate the steak tacos. There are only 3 in a serving but they filled me up along with our guac and salsa appetizer
5	I was not very impressed by the looks of this non-descript Arcadia restaurant located in a strip mall. However, on the inside its modern, bright and inviting with excellent service and very very good modern Mexican food. The chips are perfection... Also try the heavenly habanero-raspberry margarita! - you're welcome!!!
4	Yum. So much yum.I came here w/ a Dishcrawl group. We were seated by the garage door (which was closed as it was starting to get toasty outside). Since we were w/ a set group, we had a set menu. The manager came by and greeted us, very nice. The waitress however was extremely inattentive. 20 mins for water? Really? It was not busy AT all. A couple from our group of 6 finally got fed up and just went to the bar. They were served immediately.The food, however was very attentive...to my taste buds. We tried 2 of Milagros award winning tacos and man, did they make my taste buds dance and sing. Did that sound cheesy? It was meant to. We tried the pork and casne asada tacos, really, so good. I would absolutely come back here for food anytime. And if youre a margarita fan, they have a bunch.
4	Ok, you have heard me say this before and it bears repeating. ATTENTION: New restaurant owners; Customer service!! "Have you been here before?" "Let's make this visit the first of many!" Seriously, Soooo easy to generate more business. All right, I'm off that soapbox. Food, AMAZING. Once we got our bartender off her cell phone, very good drinks. and tacos, we went with the pork and short ribs, some of the best tacos I've ever eaten. That is coming from an Arizona native...just great spices/taste. Will make this part of my rotation of restaurants.
5	The food was delicious. I had the ribeye which I cut with my fork.  My server Donna was terrific. A must place to eat in Phoenix.
5	wonderful food, great place and staff, and great brunch, enjoy.
5	I'm hopelessly addicted to the Guacamole Unico (fresh guacamole with dungeness crab meat on top) and their fresh tortilla chips. Had their chicken tacos this time - the chicken itself is delicious and has an amazing mix of toppings. It was the perfect amount of food - didn't leave me hungry, but also didn't leave me too full to order dessert (churros!). I didn't catch our server's name but she was very polite and friendly, and the service was quick but not rushed. Overall, a great dining experience. We'll definitely be back.
4	This was our first time here and we have been wanting to try it for a while. We went for lunch with boyfriend and his mom and it was the perfect time to go. Dinner looked really good but pricey. I had a flat bread with a quesadilla to start. The guac was good and so was the quesadilla but not sure how you could mess those up anyway. The flat bread I had was just the cheese one and it was tasty. I love arugula on my pizzas so this was a good combo. The cheese was sweet to me at first but I brought the leftovers home and it didn't taste as sweet later on.Boyfriend had some dish that was eggs with a yummy bean puree and he loved it. Mom had a flat bread as well and it had I think chicken and pineapple and other yummies on top. I had a mimosa with lunch but it was tiny and didn't have enough champagne in it so I was a little mad about that. I would go there again and probably try to go during happy hour since that menu looked good.  I don't think I would want to come here for a regular dinner just because of the prices unless it was a legit date night and we had the extra cash.The patio is really cool but it kind of sucks cause you're right on the main road and get a lot of traffic sounds.
4	This place had a nice environment, good food and our server, Donna, was outstanding and really knew the menu well!
5	Milagro Grill was a total and wonderful, surprise!When you drive into the strip center where it is located, you notice a rather large patio( which is covered), with several tables, sofa's and misters to cool you off. Upon entering the restaurant, which is absolutely darling, you're greeted by a super-friendly hostess, and seated. Immediately, a very nice, and accomodating member of the wait staff will give you all the details of this offerings of this dynamite establishment. We got there at 6:28 on a Saturday, and the waitress immediately told us there were two minutes until Happy Hour ended. We quickly looked at the Happy Hour menu, ordered four appetizers,and drinks. WOW! The food is FANTASTIC!We ordered the guacamole with salsa and freshly made chips, Steak Tacos, Short Rib Tacos and Camarones Dulces. ALL were absolutely DELICOUS! Although I wasn't wild about my Sangria, my husband tried a glass of red wine that he loved. This has become my go-to restaurant for upscale Mexican food, and I love the fact that it's owned by a local family (Macayo's family), the food is wonderful, the restaurant is very relaxing and pretty, and the staff is extraordinarily accomodating. See you there!
5	Great chips and salsa. Very fresh ingredients in everything we ordered. We enjoyed some tacos for our meal and a raspberry habanero margarita which was very tasty! Will definitely go back!
4	Great food and has a wonderful deck that allows dog on the deck. Really nice service as well. Would go back when in town again.
4	Milagro Grill is delicious!  I highly recommend their trio salsas and guacamole.  The white sangria is a must at happy hour.  They have a great patio along with great tacos.  We visit this restaurant about once a month because it is so good!
3	Went for restaurant week and it was awesome. Loved the tacos. Shrimp tacos were a bit spicier than expected but still yummy. I think my favorite one is the Castillo? not sure of the word but it's the short rib tacos. The churro dessert was just meh, churros were kind of dense and just not really a pleasant texture. Definitely try to sit on the patio is really great atmosphere and service was top notch. I'm giving 3 stars just because I can't give 3.5 and think its a solid go-to but not necessarily a must-go-to
2	This was my first time eating tex mex in Phoenix and I really wasn't impressed. I had the mahi mahi tacos which tasted like a gyro rather than a taco. Guac wasn't bad and chips were pretty average too.
3	I want to Milagro with a friend last weekend for lunch. It was alright, but nothing too special. We started with the (4$) chips and salsa...the salsa was nothing too delicious, especially not 4$ worth. I had the short rib tacos, which were tasty. My friend had the chicken tacos, which she said were just ok. I just feel that the food isn't as good as it is expensive. If I were invited back by a friend or something, I would give it another shot, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
3	Absolutely loved it!!!! I am a vegetarian and the had two different types if tacos that were so delicious. The only thing I didnt like was they CHARGE you for chips and salsa!!!! As delicious as they were. I think that is just not right :(
4	This was a happenschance encounter - since our number one pick off trip advisor wouldnt answer their phone.  So we picked Milagro Grill after I was superseded by the team (I had read in the USAIRWAYS mag that Pizzeria Bianco had the best pizza rated by New York Times...) but we were in Phoenix and one must have authentic mexican, No?  Place is gorgeous.But Im such a snob, and I don't enjoy tex-mex as much so I was skeptical when a Mexican joint has $$ on their price range.  They have fantastic happy hour specials that will make you very very happy, in particular on Thursday, when ALL TEQUILAS on the menu are 1/2 off - yes 1/2 off for a one ounce delicious to sip pour.  I got to try som really high end stuff I had never had (double fisted which was funny!), thanks to Luke the wonderfully charming Manager and Tequila-meister.  Our table sampled the happy hour tacos - 3 tapas style piled high tidbits of deliciousness authenticity on FRESH tortilla - I enjoyed (no SERIOUSLY ENJOYED) the short rib tacos, and my buddies the steak.  We also ordered the sweet shrimp tacos - Still craving them!, Frijoles de Olla, totopos, guac, spicy salsa and heckled the lonely ones at the bar.  But as Im already exceeding my caloric quota, some dude suckers me into the house specialty dessert... Of course Luke didn't help either, and I succumbed (and no, folks there were NO FREEBIES, we paid our dues and we are still happy we did!).  So, out come these peanut butter churros piping hot with a peanut butter cajeta/dulce de leche kind of dipping sauce and HORCHATA mousse.  Nope, no chocolate anywhere on my plate (really.... and Im NOT the peanutbutter fiend in the house - the hubby and kids are...).  I heard angels.  My team partners did not speak.  CRAZY GOOD.  The Horchata mousse KILLED IT!!! I could swim in a pool of that light, ethereal not too sweet, oh so softly cinnammon kissed cloud of love!And so, broke and stuffed, off we drove into the sunset.  And as I fly back home, I regret not having pocketed some tacos and mousse...WORTH IT!
5	Milagro Gill is a fave spot for Dinner & Happy Hour. I met a good friend of mine, Lisa, for Happy Hour! We enjoyed the Chips & Guacamole along with the Chicken Wings. To end our festive evening, we shared of Avocado Cheesecake with Strawberries & Mangoes and a Delish glass of Moscato. Service here is always the best. I'm certain I'll be back soon. Cheers***
5	One of my favorite places to enjoy good food and tequila.Ambience is not typical Tex-Mex and the inside/outside patio is perfect for lovely AZ weather.So far I have had the pork, chicken and beef tacos, all extremely unique in flavor and very tasty.  The guacamole  is great and the pozole (which is seasonal) is back on the menu and exquisite.Service is stellar and there is live music on certain nights.  A+ for being a cool place to hang out that isn't pretentious or a dive.
5	The salmon tacos are the best I have ever had. Who knew pickled peppered would make a taco sweet and savory. Love this restaurant. My new craving.
5	What a pleasant surprise - a Mexican restaurant with great food, a fine selection of on-tap beers and cocktails and attentive service. This is not a formula restaurant, rather one with a well thought out, non traditional menu, Prices are reasonable, portions large (especially the chunky guacamole) and, unusual for Phoenix, it's open until midnight.
4	Tacos were great but the p-but butter/jelly pork belly was amazing. Chips and guacamole were better than mission. I'll be back to try more :)
3	After my shave at v's we headed down here for a proper mexican brunch.The decor is really nice and the service is wonderful. It's a nice clean place that also has a great full size bar.We started off with the chips and guacamole , which we thought is really weird to pay for since most Mexican places in California provide ships and salsa complimentary.I ordered the breakfast burrito and the wife ordered the mahi-mahi tacos. First of, the salsa was nothing special, it wasn't spicy at all. The guac was good.The tacos were the best fish tacos I ever tried. Very fresh ingredients and the mahi was prepared right.The breakfast burrito was pretty good, it was a little dry and the eggs were scrambled and not folded like I am used to. I think the breakfast burrito should be served with salsa.All in all, this place is good and serves pretty authentic mexican food. Minus two stars , one for the price , it's pretty pricey. And one for the lack of complimentary ships and salsa.
4	Excellent food. This place way exceeded our expectation on all fronts. The food is a gourmet Mexican type food. The margaritas are very unique and very good. If you're looking for an upscale Latin food experience this is it. The staff was very friendly as well as management. Go check it out.
4	If you're in the Arcadia area and looking for a casual place to have some good Mexican-inspired food, this is the spot. I've been for happy hour and enjoyed some of their apps, the PB & J being my favorite... pork belly sandwich? Yes, please!   Great guacamole with just the right amount of spice and chunkiness without being overly done. I sort of judge a Mexican spot by its chips, salsa and margaritas.  Milagro scored pretty high on all 3 counts.  Dang, now I want a margarita...  I digress.I recently went here for dinner and had tacos (they let you mix n match!)  The Al Pastor and Mahi were very good, but I think the green chile pork was my favorite taco.  That could change in the future, but right now I'm having a moment with green chile.  Couple of the guys at the table got the Filet & crab and devoured it.  The non-spicy mac n cheese got good reviews from others with our party as well.  I think Milagro is a solid spot.  They aren't usually very busy. Both times I've visited were with big groups (10-12) and we were seated promptly.  Service was good on both visits and the prices are fair.  And a note for those who like to know these things, the bathrooms are unisex.
4	Ordered their shrimp tacos and their chips with guacamole. Everything was great! Loved how the tacos were mini flour tortillas instead of corn ones :-)
5	Over all the place is great.  Service and food.  Had the peanut butter jelly with pork belly sandwich and it was amazing..... simply amazing......  and macaroni chicken charizo with corn and it was awwwwesome
5	Great customer service and incredible food!
4	Nice restaurant and great staff, especially our waiter, Luke! He recommended the short rib dish and it was wonderful. Portion looked small at first, but it was definitely filling. We went for happy hour...had the salsa flights which was good but drink specials were still on the pricey side. Very nice ambiance; parking can be tough for happy hour.
5	I have been to Milagro Grill three times now, and I have to start out by saying I am 100% in love with their avocado tacos. Two of my visits have been around lunch time, and I have to admit that getting a server's attention to be seated is somewhat of an ordeal. It's not that the restaurant is busy (both times I have been one of two people there) but staff is few and far between midday, so you may have to make yourself known. Once seated however, all the servers I have encountered have been incredibly attentive and are great at making recommendations. When we visited for dinner, service was all around much better because they were more adequately staffed. My only other gripe is that chips and salsa are not complimentary, however they are completely delicious and worth the money! Overall, this has easily turned into one of my favorite new spots to go to when out in the east valley, and the avocado tacos pretty much occupy my thoughts 24/7
4	Still love Milagro Grill.  Several great visits.  Went 4 weeks ago on a Tuesday night,  Our server .......UGH.  Glad I was schooled by him, I ordered  my vegetarian tacos with NO HEAT,  when they were served I said there were hot  peppers on my tacos.  The older gentleman offered to have them redone  but I  was told by the  server that  I was mistaken they were pickled and the heat doesn't transfer when they are pickled.  I put them aside, when my husband tasted them he said they were hot.    I have searched the web and culinary web sites and no one seems to agree with him.  He did take them off the bill, although I did not ask for it,   which is good because I couldn't eat them.  I really really like this restaurant, the owners are so great I want them to succeed,  Don't let your servers ruin your business.
4	It's sad when you wait so long to try a place and then finally realize what you've been missing ... and what I've been missing were some seriously good tacos. Like I needed another excuse to eat tacos.Every taco I've tried has been better than the last, except for one. The al pastor was a huge disappointment. It is a sad day when marinated pork isn't good. Luckily, you can mix & match your tacos, so I was still left with the costillo. The costillo, on the other hand, was so good that I forgot all about the pastor. Seriously, four stars for that redemption alone. It was the Hail Marry of tacos. How do you make a taco that good and make one as disappointing as the pastor? It's crazy, I tell you.
5	Pita Jungle was packed, so we ducked in here to try it out.  This place is good!  The salsas were great and provided a nice variety.  Salmon tacos had that nice crispy edge that hardly anyone seems to be able to get right when it comes to fish.
4	Liked this place a lot. Great guac, the PB&J appetizer was solid, and the tacos were excellent.
4	Checked this place out while on vacation.  The appetizers were dish! We had the wings with the citrus habanero sauce. Right amount of sweet & spice.  Then we had the pork belly & tomato jam.  AMAZING!! Ordered tacos but I was too stuffed to eat them!  Would totally go back and just do the apps!
3	came here while on vacation.I ordered the rib tacos that I saw on Best in Chow, they are ok but I wouldn't rush back. My friend that went with me got the same thing and he loved them, he couldn't stop talking about them for about a week. To me it was just like any other taco that you can get at a fine dine Mexican restaurant.
5	We like to cook but there we were on a lazy Saturday & wiped out from the office. We needed a place to nourish us. After deciphering what the Miss requested in our next food outing I suggested this place. By the grace of Cheesus she agreed & we made like a baby & head out. On the way over I was in a surreal state of calm, as if a higher power was at work here. After all milagro means miracle, in case you're a gringo. It's rare I hit a homer on the first pitch.  So this place was jammin when we pulled up. It didn't jive with our current survival mood that we were in at the time. We needed sustenance, a dark corner to order mass amounts of comfort food & stuff our faces without the shame of onlookers nearby. We locked eyes for a second & nodded as if to say, this is it, let's make the best of it.The place was. well kinda stunning. They had a dj on the patio & the atmosphere was lively. We chose to stay inside tho. They were repaving the roads & it wreaked of asphalt outside.Our server was very nice. I ordered the chilaquiles with chicken & she had the flat bread breakfast. When my food arrived I looked over my grub & felt somewhat guilty. I mean, not only am I having eggs, I'm eating the damn chicken in there too. Luckily tho I'm very resilient as that feeling quickly ran out the back door as I plunged, fork first into this giant plate of grub! The flavors & texture were spot on & got even better when I asked for some salsa. Theirs has this rich, rustic quality to it that complimented my dish very well. The chicken was .....ehh it was ok. Next time I think I'll order it with the steak.The woman's brunch looked great. She was kind enuff to throw me a slice to try. The chorizo was the star here. It was like a bouncer at a cantina in Juarez. You can have a good time, you can get jiggy in the bathroom, you can pee in a potted plant...but if you get outta line, the bouncer will let you know. That was the chorizo here. It commanded attention but it wasn't too spicy, just flavorful.I also saw something about bottomless mimosas. This was not a drinking brunch for us but had it been, we woulda taken full advantage of that & proly not asked to return. All in all this place was a pleasant surprise. The staff seemed like they have fun with each other but not to the detriment of service. I would recommend this place for brunch, especially if you wanna get your drink on. We will be back, perhaps for dinner & I'll let you know how that goes.
4	Met up with some friends here for dinner one evening. None of us had been there so it was a new experience for us all. We had a table inside, right outside the patio which is very cute. Two of us arrived before HH ended, so I got a margarita (horchata & fireball). Too much fireball for my taste but others may like it. I also ordered a taco to try but didn't get it and didn't want to make a fuss. We shared the spicy salsa flight. I really only enjoyed the ghost pepper salsa and their house salsa. For my entree I had the filadelphia in burrito form which was huge, filling, and very good. I took half home to eat the next day. We ended the meal by sharing the churro dessert which was good. All in all, I'd be back and recommend it to others.
2	Has potential but misses the mark.If I order tacos without cheese that means the server should have alerted me that they put cheese on literally everything including guacamole, beans and rice. Cojita cheese should not be put on everything, especially when your patrons can't eat dairy and you don't tell them.The rice was also under cooked and the tacos need two shells or they fall apart.
2	I will confess that I did not have the Taco's which might have been my mistake. Don't bother with the Chips and Bland Salsa for 4 bucks. The Pork Green Chili Mac n Cheese  was just OK.  If it is Happy Hour and Cocktails you want then this might be your place. Just left me wanting......and feeling like it was just OK.  Nice looking place and very nice staff.
5	Great vibe great food. Place is a favorite of ours. Love the tacos, live the beer, live the starter menu. The guacamole is awesome. Also the tostas costilla is fantastic. Take time to savor the menu. It is a worthwhile endeavor!
3	I found Milagro Grill based on Yelp recommendations. I was in the general area and in the mood for tacos.  This seemed to be the likely choice.  The rating of A-OK neatly sums up my experience here.  The vibe is relaxed, service is reliable and the food was reasonably good.  I will say, I had very high expectations for the avocado tacos after reading rave review after rave review about them.  My opinion is they're tasty but not all that memorable. I can live a fulfulled life if I never have another.Note:  Apparently, they allow dogs on the patio.  One was sitting under the table next to mine.  I didn't find this particularly bothersome but some may.
4	Three middle-aged women dined here on a weeknight and weren't made to feel out of place.  Our drinks were customized to our liking, and management even comped our salsa trio because it took too long (due to a huge party ordering right before us).  I've had plenty of flatbread in my day, and Milagro Grill's ranks right up there - superb firm and perfectly seasoned shrimp, shaved cheese in addition to the melted, perfectly browned onions - yum!I'd highly recommend if you're in Scottsdale.
2	Let me preface this by saying that I grew up on the border, so when it comes to Mexican food my expectations are pretty high. However, I keep that in mind, and try to temper them any time I'm trying something new.We went on a Saturday evening, lured by all of the great Yelp recommendations, and yikes. I'm hoping that the chef had the night off.The restaurant was pretty much empty when we got there. We sat outside, which was nice aside from being so close to the road. Our table started off with the ("award-winning") guacamole that our server suggested. It was fresh, but very basic. If they seasoned it or added anything to the avocados at all, none of us could tell (which makes it a bowl of avocados by the way... you gotta do something to them if you're going to call it guac). It turned out to be our favorite part of the meal.We all got three different tacos for our entrees, so we got to taste almost all of them. All three of us were disappointed. There was no flavor to any of them! Nothing was seasoned, it tasted like nothing at all was done to the food in the cooking process. It was like they spent more time putting it on the plates than cooking it. You couldn't even taste the individual ingredients; everything was just... bland. It was definitely not what I would expect from an upscale Mexican restaurant. I was a little embarrassed to have recommended the place. Milagro's food is expensive. It looks expensive. Unfortunately, the taste just wasn't there.
3	Decent tacos but the not at that price.  If I'm dropping $14 on 3 small tacos it better have the ambiance of the Mission or the creativity and flair of Barrio Queen.  There are too many good tacos in this town for a fraction the cost. And $4 for that chips and salsa?  That's a meal misdemeanor.
3	When I travel, I usually have all of my meals planned out because I'm just like that. My trip to Milagro was a little bit of a hail Mary - I got skeeved out at the last minute by reviews of the other restaurant I had planned to try, and ended up trying to find the closest Mexican restaurant to my hotel that didn't sound scary.I ended up sacrificing good food reviews for a place that didn't get rated down for being dirty. I can say that Milagro had a great atmosphere, and was very clean and comfortable.The chile verde tacos were good, as was the guacamole. My dining companion had a salad, which she enjoyed. I was impressed with the tequila selection, although I didn't get a chance to try any of them.Milagro was just a very nice, middle-of-the-road Mexican restaurant - worth a visit if you are close by and not sure where else to go, but I'm not sure I would seek it out.
4	Really good margaritas and a great happy hour. Short rib tacos had a ton of flavor. Chile verde ones were really good as well. Great guacamole. Seems like it has a good set up for a nice scene at night with a cool patio.
2	Wow - So, this is my first negative review on Yelp... First of all, I don't care how fancy a Mexican restaurant is, the chips and salsa should be free. $4.00 for salsa and chips is ridiculous, especially when they're not bottomless.And second, the service was awful. The waitress hardly knew anything about the menu, the restaurant that she has worked at for the past 10 months. The waitress also came to the table every couple minutes, interrupting our conversation and asking stupid questions, ie "are you done with your meal?" as I was putting food in my mouth. We were 1 of 2 tables in the whole restaurant that were occupued and they screwed up my order. Not only did they bring me the wrong dish, once they realized it, they told me that the dish I ordered is no longer offered, yet it is still on the menu. I had to wait several minutes for my correct order while the rest of my party at their meal. And then I ate my meal with everyone watching me. Afterwards I was only compensated $4 on the bill. On the plus side, the food was good, the ambiance and music were good...However I will most likely never go back to this restaurant again.
1	On reading all of the revues I think you should clean up your act and lower your prices. I agree with the one customer in saying 4.00 dollars for chips and salsa are a little steep. As other places give them free and all you want. I believe I will pass on this one.
4	I think this place is great....nice atmosphere, wonderful food.  Mother's Day brunch was awesome.   I did think  though that charging $10 for a 3 yr old to have pancakes was a bit over the top.So maybe a child's menu should be developed.Other than that, I will visit this nice place again...great food, nice people.  It's worth the visit!
2	The service was adequate the food was not.  Overpriced and lacking flavor.  I had the short rib taco, pork belly taco, and the pastor taco.  None were what I describe as "good" or even approaching noteworthy.  The chips and guacamole were pretty standard, but when you ask $9 for guac it should be something special imo.  Maybe my standards are high, but this was just a culinary disappointment.
5	Best tacos in Arizona
4	I really enjoy coming to Milagro Grill. It isn't the type of restaurant that is a "destination" like The Mission, but when I'm in the mood for some decent "upscale" Mexican food in my neighborhood, it does the trick.We've been here quite a few times, and the Tacos are usually the go-to entree. Most of them are pretty good so its tough to recommend just one or two, but I'd say the al pastor are the best. We always start with the salsa flight and the guac - both solid options for appetizers. I've also had the shrimp flatbread which was surprisingly really good, topped with a few different cheeses and some sliced grapes.Drink recommendation: Do not get the skinny margarita - it basically tastes like an overwhelming amount of sweet & sour mixed with a little bit of tequila. DO order the Jalapeno Margarita as its the perfect mix of refreshment along with some spice.Final verdict: Nice place, good food, good service - recommend if you're in the Arcadia area.
5	I can find anything wrong with this place. Amazing tacos, craft cocktails, great Happy Hour. The patio is great, winter or summer. The have misting fans to keep it cool in summer. Always good service. Extensive cocktail, beer and wine list. I can't wait to go back to all the different gourmet tacos.
4	This place has a terrific patio (with fantastic live music!), great service, and great food/drinks.  The Short Rib Tacos are delicious, as are the salads.  YUM.Really fun spot for relaxing with friends and enjoying good conversation with over tasty meals.  I would definitely recommend this for dinner on the patio.  I came here recently for lunch and it was pretty empty.  When it's nice out, you'll love sitting outside anytime.ENJOY.
2	Purchased a Groupon ($20 for $40 deal) for Milagro Grill. I've been wanting to try this place out for awhile now. Came here for dinner with my husband on a Tuesday. The place is modern and clean. There was one other table of customers and a couple at the bar. Our waiter was friendly and provided recommendations. Although he failed to mention the $2 taco special. That would have been nice to know. I ordered the Costilla entree and my husband ordered the swordfish. The Costilla came out looking pretty, but the taste was a bland BBQ seasoning. Your average BBQ beef on corn grits. My husband's swordfish was dry and overpowered by the spiciness of the beans it came with.  I added some of his beans to my plate to give my food more flavor. With the side if chips, two margaritas and two entrees, our bill was $32 (with Groupon discount) add the tip and $20 I paid for the Groupon, it was still a sizable amount for what we got. Overall we were not impressed with the flavor, quantity of food and definitely feel it was overpriced.
4	Such a hidden gem right on Indian School Road...nice expansive patio (that is pet friendly too) and a nice dining room.  Our server was great - engaging, fun and helpful with decisions.  I started with a sangria and the queso dip...not a bad way to start the meal.  For my entree I tried the salmon and my husband had the swordfish.  We were both pleased with our meals and liked how the fish was paired perfectly with the right sides.  We were so full from dinner that we didn't save room for dessert, but sounds like we need to come back and try the churros...they sound amazing!
4	This is a great neighborhood spot.  I love their chips, thin and salted perfectly.  The guac and salsa that accompanies it are also very tasty, as are almost every variety of taco on their menu.  They also have fantastic lunch, happy hour, and reverse happy hour specials, so I don't find it at all expensive for what you get.  This is quality over quantity mexican so if you're looking for cheap, heaping mounds covered in orange cheese and free chips and salsa to stuff your face with, you should probably continue down the road to Tee Pee.  I'm glad they are in the hood, they also know how to make a drink, and allow you to mix and match your tacos so you can try different varieties.
4	Heard many good things about this restaurant and have driven by many times.  Decided to try it on a Sunday afternoon after church. There were a few other people there watching the World Cup on the one TV that is in there and the people were acting like they had their first beer.Had to try the street tacos so we ordered the Costillo,  Al Pastor Pork, Pork Belly and Skirt Steak along with the fresh guacamole and corn on the cob.Would recommend the Skirt Steak and Al Pastor along with the fresh guacamole which are excellent. The corn on the cob just had too much sauce and spices with the mayo on it. I grew up eating my corn on the cob with miracle whip so for me not to be knocked over by the mayo combination then they just did not get it right.I enjoyed the inside and it also has a nice huge patio area but at lunch time at 110 degrees we decided to eat inside.A nice first time impression and will come back to try other items.
5	The best mahi tacos in Arizona! Awesome patio and great service. I love this place so much!! Hidden gem in Phoenix!
5	One of my favorite local restaurants!! Amazing food! Great hands crafted drinks! Nice patio and great service.
3	Party of 12 and took an hour to get food and they had to keep running back to get items that they forgot. We order build your own for 2 and they did not being rice or ranchero beans which were part if the meal. When I asked I was told it can come with the meal if we want. When we asked that they bring it they never did.  The manager came over and I complained about the time it took to receive our food and that we never received our beans and rice. He profusely apologized and he comped the table dessert which was absolutely delicious. My husband and I asked for regular coffee (and honestly thought that would be comped) and they added that to the bill. Food has a good taste but service sucked
3	Four stars for ambiance but three for the food. We both had the pork burrito which was interesting. It tasted Hawaiian as it had pineapple in it. A little surprising-not very Mexican in flavor. The beer was excellent-Negra Modelo. The sangria needed a spoon to scoop up all the fruit. The service was good but not great. I think that an after work get together on the patio might be a pretty fun experience. The place was not packed but a number of tables were filled.
2	Great looking place & the servers could not be nicer...food is really over hyped & expensive for the portion size.  Phoenix is beginning to get a glutof over-Gringoized taquerias (Urban Taco, Taco Haus, Joyride Tacos, etc).
5	Guess what???  This restaurant has a menu printed online, if you think it's too expensive-don't go. Oh yeah, if your server screws up (and it will happen) but the manager fixes it and comps your meal- don't write a 1 star review. This place is great!  Great food and margaritas!  I still dream about the short ribs. I hate when bad reviews happen to good restaurants. I hope no one lost a job. Come on people
4	What a fun brunch! Perhaps a bit pricey but still tasty. The patio is a fun hang out spot. Fish tacos were yummy!
3	We tried the guacamole, short rib tacos, green chile pork tacos and the tostadas.  The tostadas were surprising in that it was more sweet than savory.  Not too bad, I think I would have preferred more of a kick from the purely decorative jalapeno slices on top.  The guacamole and pork tacos could have used some salt but was decent.  The short rib tacos were a bit dry and needed some brightness (pico or any kind of salsa maybe?).  The tortillas were homemade and we were impressed by the texture and taste.Overall the food isn't terrible.  I wouldn't expect too much though.
5	Great place! The short rib tacos and carne asada tacos were fantastic! Great service and just an all around great atmosphere! Definitely recommend!!
4	Tacos are delicious! But the sides are not so good, Ranchero Beans and Rice need some work
4	Great Tacos! As good as it gets.  Probably the second best tacos I have ever had, finishing a close second behind Taco Guild!!!
3	Good food but nothing to write home about. I got a Mac and Cheese and it was over priced and under sized. Good location and friendly staff but even with that said I don't think I will be going back anytime soon.
5	First time in! Mike the server was incredible. Full of great recommendations. The Amarillo pepper salsa (yellow) was like a creamy quest dip but all peppers-no cheese. I could have been fooled. Quest dip was just ok. Grits and short rib tacos were incredible!! Highly recommend you hit this eatery up for lunch, happy hour, or date night. Salsas were all incredible. Great decor, patio (dog friendly) and great atmosphere!!
2	Mediocre at best. The food was very oily (who fries an avocado??) and the service was poor. Unfortunately, the ambience wasn't nice enough either to justify returning.
1	Went here for Brunch. Slow service. They ran out of Bloody Mary mix. Food so-so. Won't come here again.
5	Great place it is very good the service was awesome Mike was awesome best service we have ever had. The decor was really nice and the overall atmosphere was great. We had the guacamole which was delicious and the tacos and steak burrito were really good. It was a little on the expensive side but well worth it. For dessert we had the churro torta one of the best things I have eaten. The michelada was really good I would recommend this place
