4	so delucious !!! I love Thai Beef Salad&Thai coconut soup in this restauranti ll be back agian&agian
4	It's so yummy and spicy especially shrimp with basil sauce & Pad Thai. I m impressed with Chef that came to take care me. This is my new favorite Thai restaurant.
5	Gonna keep this short and simple. Amazing thai food, awesome, friendly service. The Chef kicks ass and will come out to greet you. Order the Pad See Ew, it's phenomenal.
5	I am into Than food. Since I have traveled in 1990's a couple of times, I had been looking for the same dishes. Pam does have them I love Thai noodles, and they have a perfect one. Chef Timmy makes just like one in Thailand. It gives you lots of flavor with meat and seafood.Price is reasonable. If you think"Thai Noodle House" is reasonable, you should try this place. I love Pam and will keep coming back.
4	I've been here twice and sampled 6 dishes. All of them were solid. Good flavors. Complimentary appetizers on both visits and the chef/owner stopped by the table as well. Service was good too. Water refilled throught our meals without having to ask. We were the only customers in the place on both visits. I attribute that to the fact they've only been open about a month.The decor is pretty scarce. The music is nice. We will definitely return.
2	I was super excited to try this new place, but after placing an order on grubhub and having the pickup time changed twice and pushed back to 75 minutes I opted out. I canceled and went for another Thai place who had my order ready in 10 minutes. Maybe Pam Real Thai was running into some problems that day...maybe they just really like to take extra time when prepping a dish that takes about 10 minutes post-prep...who knows, but with the wealth of other beloved Thai joints in the area I doubt I'll give Pam Real Thai another shot.
5	This place is the best Thai restaurant in town...so much better than Lotus of Siam!  If you like spice, this is the place of your dreams.  If you don't, don't be afraid to look like a wimp and order a 0 or 1.  We ordered red curry, pad see ewe, papaya salad, ground chicken with a fried egg and an order of pad thai, and our order came to a whopping $37.  Super reasonable, right?  Above all, the food is straight up Thai goodness and there is a wider variety of dishes available that you won't see in an Archi's or Pin Kaow.  Give Pam Real Thai a try.  You won't be sorry!
5	Excellent service! Quick delivery and pick up times, and dine in eloquently set to expand into a fine Thai dining experience!I want to say the owner Timmy is awesome, and so was my server Sudatip! My servers/cooks were friendly to say the least! Always accommodating to my needs! I know this is a brand new restaurant, but the chef is a real Thai cuisine chef! The fried rice w shrimp is to die for! I'm all about their lobster dishes, as well and black pepper chicken with bell peppers.I will be a frequent customer!Kevin
5	Pam Real Thai was my favorite little Thai joint in midtown Manhattan. I nearly drove off the road when I recently saw their sign and Grand Opening banner! The food is just as good as I remember and I'm so glad that they have found a home in Vegas. Chef Timmy learned the recipes from his mom, the restaurant's namesake, and you can taste the care in each dish. It's a must try for simplistic and delicious Thai food!
5	I found Pam Real Thai from yelp hot new business and decided to give it a shot. Our waiter was very welcoming and friendly. He brought me the free Thai tea efficiently upon my yelp check in. Then, he brought us complimentary appetizer from chef Timmy. It was a salad with fried curry ball in very nice plating. We ordered papaya salad and chicken satay as appetizer. I was very impressed with both dishes! Chef was very generous putting lots dried shrimps and peanuts in papaya salad. Green papaya tasted fresh and crispy. (Honestly, this dish tasted better than lotus of Siam. I am a big fan of Siam.) Chicken satay came with lots big pieces of cucumbers. Chicken meat was tender and juicy. I also got to tried seafood jungle curry and crab meat fried rice. Jungle curry was too spicy for me. Chef told me it was very spicy because there was no coconut milk added. But flavor of it was good though. There were lots of spices in its broth. Crab meat fried rice came in decent size with huge chunks of crab meat. (I took a close up picture of the jumbo crab meat) I felt very crab satisfied after finishing the whole plate! I didn't get to try their dessert yet since chef was still working on his dessert menu. Price here is superb! I can't wait to come back to try more dishes!
4	Well, the wait was long for a take-out soup and entree. Way too long- almost 30 minutes. Fortunately, the food was good. I'll order ahead next time. The free tea upon check in was good as well.
4	This location has changed again! I enjoy authentic Thai food and after reading Jennifer H's review I had to check this place out. I decided to bring a client in for lunch during the week but unfortunately they didn't  offer lunch specials but the price of entrees are reasonable.Started off with Yam woon sen salad - shrimp, chicken, ground pork, and purple onions over glass noodles -  so tasty and around $7.00 see it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pam-real-thai-las-vegas-las-vegas-2?select=MqySNbrVRLlfYrsSL2lobw#MqySNbrVRLlfYrsSL2lobw We followed with Pork pad kra prow which had basil, red & green bell peppers and pork - Spicy but so flavorful. Lastly we enjoyed the  Beef pad see ew - noodles were cooked perfectly and the flavor was spectacular. See it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pam-real-thai-las-vegas-las-vegas-2?select=QbfPjlEZSeUQOopevpWI0w#QbfPjlEZSeUQOopevpWI0wService was decent but the only con was they didn't have any desserts to select from!Other then the dessert hiccup I'll definitely be returning here. Thank you Real Thai Las Vegas for a solid lunch and please have desserts next time.
5	Came to Vegas for the weekend and tried this place thanks to Yelp! It was delicious, affordable, and healthy. The chef even came out to check in with us to make sure everything was ok. Highly recommended!
4	This is a fairly good Thai restaurant. I can't really say how good it is based on the two dishes I had but based on what I had I would probably return to see how their curry and tom kha is. I checked in and received the free Thai Iced Tea, I don't know if it was because it was free but it was a damn good tea.The papaya salad was a little sweet but the flavor was spot on. The only thing holding it back was the little dried shrimp that were impossible to chew up and what seemed to be granules of sugar.The flat noodles were very tasty and well made, I ordered the dish that came with broccoli and I added beef. Very good combination, no the best version of drunkard noodles but pretty damn close. The setting is fairly modern set in a mini mall. The dining room is quite large, almost cavernous, so don't go here if you're wanting cozy but do go here if you want good thai. I would even say it's better than it's famous counterpart across town.
5	They deserve a bigger lunch crowd.That's the distinct impression after my two visits so far, anyway. Maybe they get good traffic at other times, but I'm just real afraid that a spot like this serving up great food will just get lost in the neighborhood of excellent restaurants that is Spring Mountain. Don't let them quietly into the night.I was pretty sick the first visit, where I shared some shrimp pad thai and beef red curry with a friend, so I'm mostly discounting that one. However, when I opened up the leftover curry that night, my stuffy nose cleared up for a few shining minutes and I got the full flavor of some delicious curry.Attempt #2 was today. I was so sad that nobody else was even there when I first arrived, and the chef finally stepped out to the front of the restaurant after a few minutes. I still hadn't decided what to order at that point, but after talking to the chef for a moment, I went with the pad see ew with beef.Lunch comes with a free appetizer, which happened to be the same as last time for me. It was a small bowl of the house salad with peanut sauce, and a fried chicken and shiitake mushroom with a bit of sweet sauce underneath. The salad is very fresh and the peanut sauce is sweet but not very heavy, and the dumpling was cooked through with a crunchy skin and a pretty soft, ground-up interior. Might've lacked just a touch of salt, but it's good otherwise.The pad see ew was delightful. I might have had it once or twice before (yeah, need to diversify my Thai repertoire), but this one deserves to be called the best I've eaten so far. Every piece of flat noodle was soft and freshly made, the sauce is balanced between sweet and savory, the Chinese broccoli added a great crunch, and the beef was just plentiful enough. On top of all that, the portion size is a solid lunch value for $6.95, even though it's the same price all day.I ended up having most of my free-with-Yelp-check-in Thai tea after the meal. It was good and not overly sweet. Make sure to advantage of the check-in offer since it's normally $1.95. And make sure just to come here and try it. They'll also deliver for $15+ orders within 3 miles and serve takeout, but I'll stick to sitting down at a table in their hopefully-not-so-empty-in-the-future room.Hyphenator, out.
5	Delicious!! What a great place. Our group of 4 had the tom kha kai, shrimp fried rice, fried noodle dish and panang curry. Everything was delicious and very fresh. Our server was very helpful and the chef came out to meet us and give us homemade tofu that he just made, with honey orange sauce and fresh warm homemade donuts. What a treat!!! I would have expected to pay more for the great food. I felt guilty paying so little. The restaurant is spacious and modern. I am thinking this is a new restaurant as the place was empty. You all are missing out! This place is great!!
5	I don't normally give out 5-Star ratings, but Pam Real Thai is among the best Thai I have ever had. After three visits and sampling a broad range of the menu I have to say that the quality and balance of flavors is consistent across the board.  Not to mention that the quality is paired with extremely reasonable prices.  It has become my new favorite restaurant in town!  Do yourself, and your tastebuds, a big favor and head to PRT immediately!
5	Service is quick and courteous! Free appetizer too! Salads are fresh and dressing tasty. Fried tofu wasn't greasy at all. Matter of fact it was crunchy outside and juicy inside. The beef here is of higher quality than is normally found at these prices. I could tell just by looking at it- my carnivorous friend confirmed. This is a reasonably priced, spacious, clean restaurant with fresh and tasty food. Try it!
5	Okay, so all the Yelpers below were right about the delicious food. I went with the Pad See Ew and it was divine. Walked in during lunch hour and there was not a big crowd. I ordered food that was ready in about ten minutes. Plus I got a free Thai iced tea for checking in and a pork dumpling as my appetizer. Delicious and filling meal for less than $10. I will definitely be back and I will definitely do my part to make sure this place sticks around for a while.
5	Very enjoyable Thai restaurant. Making it my choice in town and I've tried dozens of Thai restaurants including Lotus of Siam. The cook just seems to have the knack of flavoring each dish such that it stands out. Good quality beef used, which is not usually the case.Hope they survive as it seems few have discovered this place.
4	This Thai restaurant can easily be overlooked if it weren't for the grand opening banner which can be seen from driving NB on Decatur, north of Twain. It's what brought us in, my brother and I were surprised to find such a large cavernous space with only two other diners for lunch. I suppose it will take some time to get the word out.It took a few minutes for someone to seat us, but service was attentive after. We looked over the menu and saw no lunch specials, but menu items are reasonably priced. We ordered Pad Garlic and Beef ($6.95), Chicken Pad Thai ($6.95) and Garlic Fried Rice ($5.95). Fresh house salads with iceberg, cabbage, carrots and red onion drizzled with peanut sauce got us started and our entrees followed.The garlic fried rice had bits of crispy fried garlic and the rice was tender and flavorful. I've never had a fried rice quite like it, it was very enjoyable. My interest is piqued by the other fried rice options. I'd return for this alone. I chose 3 out of 4 for spiciness of the pad thai, it delivered a dish with a sweet heat (I'd say a 6 at Archi's is comparable). The flavors were complex and well balanced, if the noodles weren't so gummy and hard to chew it would easily be one of the better pad thai dishes in the valley. It was solid enough to try again in hopes for better noodles in the future. The pad garlic pepper beef was the weak link, it had a sour flavor that I found unpleasant, and many of the cuts of beef were tough or chewy. For being so new, they seem to have their act together. In time, I believe those empty tables will fill.
5	All I have to same is awesome! The Tom Yum noodle soup is deeeelicious! Order the deep fried octopus and try it for yourself! You won't regret it. This is my new favorite Thai restaurant. And i am a born and raised vegas girl!
5	Great service! Chef came out n personal talked to us. Nice guy. I order the Tom Yum noddle soup... Wow amazing! Tasted like homemade. I would recommend it. Overall this is one of the best Thai restaurant I would go back to eat:)
4	Chef Timmy was especially helpful about the menu. Don't miss the $20 foot massage right next door
3	For me, this is an A-OK Thai restaurant.  If you like peanut sauce and a bit of sweetness (not too much) in your Thai food, you might rank this new Thai spot a little higher.  For me though, these aren't the flavors I go for in my Thai food.  For lunch I ordered a Thai Iced Tea, the Garlic Fried Rice, and the Curry Noodle (soup).  The Thai Iced Tea was free with a Yelp check in.  Very cool.  It was creamy, and almost borders on the too sweet side.  I could only have one glass of this stuff.  The Garlic Fried Rice was pretty solid.  It had a bold and interesting flavor, although I think it was a bit too spiced and/or salted.  It wasn't greasy and fatty tasting, fairly light with a unique flare of small bites of cabbage throughout.  For around $5 it was a big serving.  A few bites was all I needed, and took the rest of it to-go.  The Curry Noodle I was told by the young chef is sort of a base to Khao Soi, which he hopes he can prepare at some point (he didn't have all of the ingredients).  Basically, this is a soupy Bangkok style curry with a soft boiled egg, flat noodles, chicken, onions, various spices, etc.  It was a bit on the sweet side with a bit of peanut sauce in there, and I couldn't finish the soup.  The noodles were a bit chewy; hopefully that isn't how the noodles in this dish are always cooked.  Other than that, it was a decent curry base for a Khao Soi.  It might work better with the rest of the ingredients to balance out that sweetness.Overall this place is pretty decent, although the style of cooking is a bit too sweet for me.  It isn't unpleasantly sweet by any means, but as I said this isn't what I look for in Thai food.  Give them a try, and don't forget to check into Yelp for your free Thai Iced Tea!
5	Ever had that feeling where you felt like crying while you were eating something truly delicious? That's the feeling I felt when I was eating the wonderful food at Pam's Thai. In fact, it was so good, I went out of my way to write my first ever Yelp review. I had the Pad Thai and Basil Fried Rice. The Pad Thai had just the perfect amount of sweetness to it and the perfect texture. The Basil Fried rice had a nice kick to it and tasted amazing. It wasn't greasy either, just perfect. Some restaurants mix Chinese with Thai cuisine and you don't get that authentic Thai feeling. This place is strictly dedicated to Thai food and does a damn good job at it. Check it out next time you're around the neighborhood! And if you're daring and enjoy your food spicy, ask for it spicy, it will have you crying tears of joy!
3	I don't know how to feel about this place. I'm torn between not liking it yet also having some understanding towards their cooking style. Here's my main issue: sugar. There was a lot of it in places we did not expect, but not enough in another. I'll run down the dishes we had and maybe you'll get the idea.We started with our usual tom kha kai. Coconut soup with chicken. To us, it is highly unusual to have this soup be sweet. Well guess what? It was sweet. Almost like a dessert. We were not thrilled. Also, not a lot of ingredients were used. It was coconut water with some mushrooms and scant amounts of chicken at the bottom.Next, pad thai with chicken. Very tangy. This is the balance of tamarind in the sauce. If I made pad thai, which I have [poorly], it would taste like this. Again, not a fan. Also, it was wet. As in - heavy in sauce. It was more enjoyable than the soup but again, it was off.Then, a squid sort of stir fry topped with a fried egg. The fried egg was an out of place but welcome touch. The squid was the consistency we expected, but otherwise it was essentially a stir fry with squid. Flavor tossed in was not sweet, thankfully.Lastly, a panang curry with chicken. Luckily, it was not sweet. Instead, it was tiny. Flavor was... probably right. However, I am not a fan of curry this watery. I like my curry to stick to my rice.Service was good. The place itself was clean and very expansive. It's clearly new and underdeveloped. At the time of writing, they offer free thai tea with checkin. They also have an unsweetened option - but it just isn't the same unfortunately. It's ok - intense sugar rush: avoided.Again, I think it's their style of cooking but I just wasn't a fan of it. Between the sugars, lack of ingredients, and small portion size... I don't think I'd be back.
5	Found out that they give you 1 free Thai iced tea when you check in so I definitely had to scope this place out..went inside the restaurant, and the ambience was really soothing. The hostess was very sweet and had awesome customer service. We ordered Pad see ew, crab fried rice (a must try!) and red chicken curry..I have to say and admit, that I was blown away on how everything tasted. Everything was made from the heart and the chef personally came out to our table and asked us how our food was and he was telling us that he makes everything from scratch. He even offered to let us try his dessert he was experimenting on, for free! He is a very talented young chef that deserves more business for his restaurant. If I can rate this place with atleast 5 more stars I would! I'm looking forward to coming back and trying other items on the menu! Keep up the good work guys! Peeeeace
5	The location is next to Pool Sharks between Twain and Spring Mountain Rd. on S. Decatur Blvd. I came here twice already for lunch and dinner. My rating is strictly on the food. The highlight of it all is their lunch special soup, Curry Noodle ($9), which consists of your choice of meat and noodle, bean sprout, fried shallot, and boiled egg. It's topped off with garnishes of fresh sliced green onion and cilantro. Perfection at its best. The curry, itself is savory and luscious. I tried both pork and beef, which were equally delicious. I would suggest to stick with the rice noodle than flat or egg in noodle preference. The rice noodle worked so well together with the curry soup, but here's a little secret... save half to take home and make yourself a cup or two of hot steamy white rice (brown has more arsenic content) put this curry on top and you have yourself another new dimension of profound warmth of hugs for your soul that your tummy will smile about. The flavor is consistent and heartfelt with authentic ingredients like pure coconut milk. No starch or chicken powder are added. I can taste a huge difference in this particular soup and it definitely received high remarks in my book of good eats. Even my whole family loves this soup. A must try for any Thai Curry Lovers!!!Another notable dish is their Crabmeat Fried Rice ($14.95). Their description is on point with Big Lumps of real crabmeat. Huge chunks of this delicacy with jasmine rice, egg, and diced onion. Served with a side of sliced lime, fish sauce, thick cuts of tomato, and cucumber. I use the juice from the sliced jalapeno condiment and put a few tablespoons of it on top of my fried rice portion. It gives it that tangy, acidic bite that I enjoy. I'm a huge fan of homemade fried rice and this hits quite close to home. Fluffy and flavorful makes this a very fine dish. And the generous portion of the crabmeat?!!! Who wouldn't be happy?! Absolutely NOT me. I took some time off from writing, since I couldn't write anything that I didn't feel genuinely about. That being said, this place deserves more recognition and appreciation in great Thai cuisine. The Chef and Owner, Timmy is personable and kind. His cooking speaks volumes and his restaurant has unwavering potential.Even their dessert was memorable. I chose to try their Coffee Donut Dessert ($5) and I'm glad I did. Creamy, yet so light Coffee Ice Cream (not a huge fan of coffee flavor ice cream, but this was divine) with a couple of mini, hot off the oven donuts that were sprinkled with sugar on top. The slightly crisp texture on the outside with the cloud-like softness of the inside made the combination of this coffee ice cream and mini donuts a hit. I would advise to not waste any time on the warm donuts, eat it while it's still warm! It's not the same texture, once it cools down. It was a delightful treat to have at the end of my very appetizing meal. More adventures to come at Pam Real Thai. I look forward in coming back.
5	Spicy Ox Tail soup is the bomb dot com!Large size soup, comes with rice. I got a spicy number 3 which is yummy for me! I wouldn't try a 3 unless you really like spicy food as the chief makes it hotter than most places in town.
4	I was craving Thai food and wanted to try somewhere new. I pass by Pam quite often so I decided to try it out for the first time. When I arrived to the restaurant with some friends and family we were automatically seated. The restaurant had a nice vibe and they kept the restaurant clean and neat. We ordered the Chicken Satay for my daughter to nibble on which she enjoyed very much. We also ordered the Spicy Chicken Basil which is a favorite dish of ours at any Thai Restaurant so we had to order it. The spice level was only 1 just for us to try and see if it was good and it came out delicious. The Panang Curry also came out delicious, just wish they had a bit bigger serving, it seemed like only one person can eat it versus two people sharing. Service was great since we were the only ones there, so the waiter tended to us frequently and made sure our waters/drinks were filled. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because their tables were a little too small for us to put all the entrees that we had ordered. There was only 4 of us and it seemed like we can only fit two/three plates at a time when really we had about 6. I'll be honest I felt like I had to eat my food in 10 seconds just so the other dish will take it's place.All in all I've enjoyed the food we tried out and I would recommend them to any of my friends, family and acquaintances!
1	We ordered food online trying this place for the first time.  They were 30 minutes late with no phone call.  If it weren't for my husband, I would have cancelled the order.
5	The order online via Yelp does not work too well, But the people on the phone were very nice and patient with me. We ordered Chicken Fried Rice, OMG Ah-mazing! and Crab Fried Rice.......There are no words to describe how on point perfect it was. The presentation was perfect and yummy. I am from Florida so i am extra picky on seafood. The price for it was decent. The Thai tea was really good, a bit too spicy but good none the less. I will  be ordering again :)
4	More people need to try out this new Thai treat. Located in the shopping center of Pool Sharks- it's very clean inside and they have online ordering options. For dinner this evening we tried: Massaman Curry w/ Vegetables- Ordered medium spicy which was the perfect amount to tease the taste buds but not leave me filling my belly with cold water. Stir fried Eggplant- Made with real Chinese eggplant, a savory brown sauce, red peppers, and hint of spice. Fried Spring Rolls-----No need to order extra rice- they give you plenty. Prices? Very Reasonable. Our take out meal was under $20.
3	Place was nice and clean but the ladies bathroom had no soap. The food was good. I got pad thai the flavor was yummy but hardly any chix.
4	I had an excellent dining experience here. An awesome varied menu-I'm looking forward to going back and trying more. Our meal was delicious and the service was top notch. Our server even brought us some complimentary dessert at the end of our meal. 4 stars instead of 5 only because the ambience could have used a little help.
5	maybe even better than archi's? i'll have to try a few more dishes, but damn it's yummy!the restaurant is new so there are some kinks they are working out. but overall the food was tasty. maybe my favorite thai place in vegas so far.
1	I had high hopes for this place- tried to go yesterday but they were closed (they always are on Monday), and when I went in today it was to order the oxtail soup, as advertised on a sign in their window (they didn't even have it).But my BF is the thai expert. Ordered  Fishcakes app, papaya salad, and the basil garlic shrimp stir fry with bell peppers. There was only one other table during our visit and it took nearly half an hour to receive our food. I'll start with the positive.The fishcakes were great- not too greasy, thick and flavorful, with a delightful cucumber salad sauce that I adore. Well priced at about $6.It was downhill from there.Papaya salad had no discernible papaya in it. There was a white, shredded substance that almost appeared to be bean sprouts and had no flavor. We were told that was the papaya. Um, no go, bro- plus it was packed with heat, even at ordering a level 2, to the point that it was not enjoyable to eat. Then the stir fry arrived. There were several shrimp in the dish, and I could visibly see basil and bell pepper in a dark red sauce. But the bell peppers were raw, and the sauce was devoid of any flavor other than spice- no garlic, no balance. The entree itself was served on a plate, so the sauce was all over the bottom of the dish and impossible to spoon onto the rice, making it difficult to eat- then again, so did the heat and lack of flavor.This is one of the only dishes in my life I have sent back.One star for the fishcakes, and because the server brought out the cook, who was apologetic and friendly, and offered repeatedly to remake the dish to tone down the sauce and cook the bell pepper. We had no interest, but he was polite and insistent, so we took him up on remaking the dish and taking it to go.EDIT: tried the remade dish, and the sauce is still the same, the bellpepper is cooked, but now the shrimp is overcooked and dry. So disappointed.Our bad experience doesn't end there, though.As we left, we were approached in the parking lot by another diner who had left and waited for us... To see if our dining experience was as bad as his was! Not a good sign, at all. The cook, friendly and polite though he is, needs to consider being front of house or management- cooking is not his strength. And as a personal preference, maybe find a different server/host who isn't wearing a Mickey Mouse shirt and playing on the computer for our entire visit.
3	Loved the service, disliked the food. Walked in here and there was only one table seated. I got to choose my table to seat at, so I went to a corner near the window. The other table ended up leaving so I thought to myself that I would be getting the best service and food. We'll I got one right! Two men took the drink order and food order had no idea which one was the server. They were very sweet and kind though!  I'm a sucker for tea, so I used the check-in offer for the Thai tea. So far, so good.... Now the food, it took a while to get to the table. Remember there's only one table seated and it was mine!!! What's the hold up! Tom yum soup was very bland, I ordered chicken with it as well. The soup seriously only came with mushrooms chicken some lemongrass and bay leaves. Where's the tomato and cilantro? Presentation just wasn't there. The broth was mediocre. Next was the green curry with shrimp very very very watery. I usually get a yellow chicken curry where's it's a nice thick sauce. But I decided I would try something new, since it was a new restaurant. In my green curry there was probably about 3 shrimps, in the whole bowl. The bamboo shoots was a little too much. I was absolutely bummed when eating this, once again this lacked flavor too. What is going on here?Finally last entree pad see ew noodles, it was disappointing. Lack of flavor but there was a lot of meat! YAY! This dish was my favorite out of everything I ordered. Even though it could of been better it was alright. With everything I had I was upset, i've never had such bad Thai food EVER!  I didn't end up saying anything to the staff  when I was there, just because at that point I just wanted to leave. Unfortunately I won't be coming back.
5	Delicious! Found it driving by, I always get Chicken Laarb at every Thai place...kinda how I know if I'll be back, so good! My man got Pad See Eew, said was best he ever had. ( he doesn't usually get excited about food either!)
5	love this place,the food is extraordinary!!!!!!
5	Very good experience, tasty pad Thai, excellent chicken wonton!  My girlfriend had the massaman curry and was very satisfied with the mock duck as a vegetarian.
5	Gourmet choices at super affordable prices. Great everything!
5	Most Thai places in Vegas are average some a little above some a little below. Usually the same old stuff right? At Pam's real Thai the food is exceptional!! I have been here a few times now and tried different things every time and I honestly can't say one dish I like over the other. Every dish is made with such skill and quality, I'll be coming back often. Please don't change anything !!
5	We were a bit leary, there was only one other party when we came.  They had nothing but rave reviews.  Thanks to them we stayed.  Amazing food & service.  Portion size enough to split between 2.  When I'm on this side of town this will be one of my stops.
5	So far I have loved everything I have tried there. By far the best massaman curry I have had in Las Vegas. I would highly recommend to give this place try.
5	Amazing!!!   Had the Pad Gra Pow at a level 3 spice which was very flavorful..  Spicy yet I was still able to taste my food..  Sticky rice plus peanut sauce was an awesome add..  We also received complimentary Gyoza..  Might of been completely empty inside but soo worth it..  Also the price was very cheap considering how big the portions were..  Love it!!  Go show some love!!
5	This place is so good. ...so glad it's around the corner from me. I don't understand all the negative reviews. ....I'm just surprised it's not busier, sad but keep up the good work! !!
5	Amazing food!! Chef was super nice and made us an awesome flank steak and crisp Apple little starter. Def will come back again and again. Amazing service as well!!!!
5	Got the grilled beef salad, curry noodle, and pad kra pow fried rice. All delicious! But beware of the spice level lol. If you want "medium" spicy.. Stick with spice lvl 1. Trust me!
4	Had a 9 pm or so dinner here last week with a buddy:- Nice decore, good service, and since they're waiting on their beer/wine license they were cool with my buddy going out to buy a pack of Blue Moon to bring in (no corkage fee).  A Thai couple was eating nearby, that's a good sign but don't know what they thought of their food.- Our food: The mixed meat satay was ok.  My meal was also ok, I tried to go healthy and regret that.  My friend enjoyed his main course and we liked the reasonable prices.  - Will give them another chance as I want them to succeed whereas the previous tenants (a Thai restaurant and a Viet restaurant before that) could not in that location.
4	The best Thai food so far, The tom yum soup was great, the fried rice is good and spicy. This is  a legit Thai place, so be careful with how spicy you want it. I would comeback again.
3	Food is okay, But service is not that great. Only 2 small tables and took the waiter 15 mins just to get water and hot tea.
3	I got the shrimp pad thai and it was great! I got a level 3 and that was perfect, it didn't seem hot at first but it creeps up on you, fantastic!   I would have given it a higher rating but my boyfriend got the seafood salad and ended up getting sick from it :(   Seafood probably not the freshest as there were very few customers and they probably try to make their supply last longer than they should (even told us the dumplings were made several days ago, so we did not order those!)A bit pricey for the meat, paid $8 for 4 little shrimps (take the tails off in the kitchen, no one likes to stick their fingers in their food, and for god's sake, get some real napkins!)
4	Good Thai food.Their interior leaves something to be desired, though.
3	Back in Vegas and with mom fresh off the boat from her Japan/Korea trip, the last thing she wanted was more Korean food.  So we pick her next favorite cuisine, Thai.  Having missed out on Pam Real Thai the last time out, I take this opportunity to make this our destination.  Walking in, it's peculiar that we are the only party there.  Turns out, we were the only party here throughout our dinner...The interior has a clean and neat, if not exactly trendy, decor that give it a splash of style.  The server is pleasant, and as expected with us being the only guests, appropriately attentive.  Overall we were very pleased with the ambiance.  To the food that I was really looking forward to, especially given the experience the other day.We ordered a large Tom Kha soup, spicy pineapple fried rice, shrimp pad thai, and crispy pork with chinese broccoli.  Tom Kha soup - tasty but too salty and not spicy enough.  Was more a fan of the reddish tint to the soup, here it is white.Fried Rice - good, fiery taste but again not spicy enough.  Also salty.Pad Thai - Again salty but pretty good.  Has an usually tangy taste which was just okay for me, others liked  it.Crispy Pork - Not bad, no gamey taste which is good, but taste-wise nothing spectacular.So a bit disappointed because the food overall is a decidedly 3-star affair, but the service and the more modern ambiance gets a 1/2 star upgrade.  So really a 3.5 star experience, but the fact that it can't fully be appreciated due to the emptiness it will have to settle for a 3.Table-for-1 Factor:  I'm guessing they'll take any number, but even IF the crowd was more brisk I think it would be okay to eat on your own.
3	Hit and miss. Some dishes were amazing. Others were average. I would go back tho. Great service.
4	Pretty damn good Thai food, in fact the best Thai so far in Vegas (I've had Lotus of Siam, Komol etc) and I'll tell you why...3 words, spicy basil pork. Wow! I mean 5 stars on this dish with the amazing Jasmin rice. The sweet, sour, spicy, tangy ground pork over that sweet perfectly cooked aromatic jasmin Thai rice is a match made in heaven. Also I ordered the veggie fried rice which was 3 1/2 stars. Good flavor, lots of veggies, but undercooked veggies and a pound of almost raw white onion killed it. Why the hell would you used white onion in Thai fried rice. Like I said the taste was good but the veggies were hard and I spent 15 minutes pulling out raw white onions. I would drive from SoCal to get the spicy basil pork and rice. I will be back, really great food.PS Don't forget the free Thai iced tea for checking in
3	Parents be warned.We ate here with two little kids (2 and 3 year old) and used their one and only wooden high-chair. My 3 year old nephew was offered a plastic booster chair but after noticing it had no straps to secure it down, AND, it easily wobbled on the narrow chair, we refused it. Shortly after our arrival, a lady and her 1 year old entered. As the only high-chair was being used by us, she used the booster chair provided. She, too, saw concern in it because I saw her put her chair directly next to her baby's for additional stability. Unsurprisingly, the unstable booster chair slipped on the opposite side to the mother and I saw the child's head hit the hard floor first.My friend and I spoke to the owner from a helpful, fan-of-the-restaurant standpoint, advising him of the importance of having more than one high-chair available and the dangers of the current plastic boosters. He initially kept throwing the responsibility off to the parent, when he provided the dangerous item in the first place. He repeatedly said the lady's meal was complimentary, like that should be sufficient. Clearly he was missing the point. So we continued to inform him that it is also his responsibility to make the environment accommodating and safe for customers. The conversation was rather exhausting because it took a lot of verbal-sparring (mainly on his part) before he realized we're fighting for the same team. We continually reassured him that we love the restaurant and so we are given constructive comments for longevity. If we visit again and the only high-chair is in-use, then we'll have to turn around and eat somewhere else. The risk is not worth the reward. Thus, a two-star deduction. I'll visit again soon and if this is no longer a problem, I'll put up my rating as the food isn't a problem, just child safety.The food is great and prices are reasonable. Layout is very spacious, which is perfect (and rare in restaurants) when bringing kids (...oh the irony!)
4	Tried this place a couple months back. Was looking for some quality Thai food, and came across this spot on Yelp. I went around 530 or 6 on a Thursday, and the place was empty. Open seating at any hour is never good in my opinion but I wasn't concerned with the amount of people that frequented the place. I was worried about authenticity! I ordered the Pad See Ew, and it was delicious. The portion was large and I think it ran about 10$. Since I checked in on yelp, I received a free Thai iced tea. The service was quick and attentive, as it should of been considering I was the only person there. I'll definitely make time to go back sometime soon.
4	Probably the best Pad Thai in town!! Food is really tasty but they lack on the details. I was handed menus (just odd) and the place looks thrown together. Bottom line...great food, worth the visit.
4	Pam real Thai .... So I was intrigued by the name, so stopped in to see what it's about. Pam is the mom in NY and Jersey branches, chef Timmy is the son and oversees the Vegas branch.  Spicy, fresh, healthy is on the signage.  He stated he uses fresh ingredients instead of powdered or pre made bases, stocks or sauces.  You can usually judge Thai venues by the Tom Yum Goong soup aka shrimp Tom Yum.  This version reminded of Thailand... tangy, spicy, flavors of lemongrass, basil, tamarind  bursting in your mouf!  There's spoonfuls of this stuff in the soup.  And the shrimp was tender n plump, generally they overcook them and get rubbery. (Kudos to the chef) standard order is pretty Hott for most avg people but that's how it's served in Thailand!  Thai food is known to be spiced! And serving It played down just doesn't do it justice...I know some peeps can't do spicy, so I'll exclude them from the curve.Same can be said about the pad Thai representing the venue, although this dish seemed average.  Noodoohs should be al dente yet slightly soft but retaining the length and not falling apart and have just enough sauce/moisture to it.  I know that sounds like the perfect storm but why settle? And again the shrimp was perfectly cooked! Almost just undercooked for the plumpness like a scallop.  I ordered it very spicy but was not burned at all so I added more sambal and pepper flakes! Ratings go from:SpicyVery spicyThai spicyYou asked for it! SpicyThe jungle curry was something I have not yet seen... No coconut milk here, and no spicy rating needed, it's fiery spicy!  Like tickle your throat and need water type of spicy... It's a northern specialty that's worth a try. Upon walking in, the space is very open like a dance hall feeling.  Maybe they'll have a club at night or karaoke... Some booths or partitioning of some sort could break up the openness.  Nice wood floors, tables n chairs are basic but the vinyl tablecloths? I have never been a fan of vinyl anything in a restaurant unless its a 50's diner.Maybe a little decor and some time will let this new kid on the block venue (Newwww Yorkaaaaa) evolve into a contender for the ol Thai staples in town. I can tell by chef Timmy's skills so far that it may not be long for him to get a following of his own.Next on the menu...oxtail soup!Khap poon kraap (Thai is hard to translate)!
5	I tried Thai food for the first time at this place and I was amazed!!!! The food is so fresh and delicious, I don't want to go anywhere else for Thai food! I'm so glad I discovered this restaurant! The portions they serve you are more than enough, I usually have to take rest of my food to-go to enjoy later! Two thumbs up and 5 stars!!!
4	Solo Luncheon on a  hot summer day weekday. Parking hasnnever been an issue here and  conveniently located. Established from the East coast  ive always enjoyed my experiences here.I cooled down with a Thai ice tea that was invigorating. Although it was triple digits outside I ordered the Tom yum soup noodles. The soup tasted wonderful - many different  ingredients combined which  definitely got me  working up a  sweat from the spiciness  and chili Peppers but so addictive. The  portion was just right and I had room for the offering  of coffee ice cream. The desset was unique & refreshing but definitely gave me a happy ending to a wonderful inexpensive luncheon,Service by my waitress was spot on.  I heart this place!
5	After seeing some of the bad reviews on here, I felt like I needed to write a review cause this place is awesome and I definitely want it to stay in business for selfish reasons! ;p I visited for the first time on Sunday but am considering ordering takeout again today cause it was that good! extra +++points for the very reasonable prices and freebies for yelpers (thai iced tea if you check in on the yelp app and 2 pieces of crab ragoon just because/for no reason just because they are awesome and love yelpers!)I recently relocated here from NYC--more specifically, Queens--home to some of the best Thai restaurants outside of Thailand. I've frequented Thai restaurants throughout Manhattan and in the southeast asian ethnic enclave of Elmhurst / Jackson Heights / Woodside including the infamous SriPraPhai.In Vegas, I've tried Lotus of Siam, Komol, and Kinnaree and I've gotta say, this is the best one I've tried around here and the prices / awesome service are just icing on the cake.I went with my brother and we shared the papaya salad and fried calamari apps. I loved the papaya salad (yes those thin white things are the papaya--I've ordered this dish at 20+ different Thai restaurants) and we both agreed the calamari was on point (super crisp/light exterior, not soggy at all like some places, and not too chewy). For entrees, he got the spicy basil pork, I got the pad kee mao with tofu--both were generous portions and delicious!For those complaining about heat / spice--if you can't handle it, don't ask for it! Thai food is meant to be spicy. If its not, it is Americanized / not authentic. Even so, they are accommodating here and will make it not spicy if you ask for it. Ask for not spicy or very little like 0.5/4 if you can't handle it. If you asked for spicier than you can handle, just tell them instead of leaving a bad review without giving them a chance to address the issue! They are so nice here I'm sure they'd make you a new oneYes, obviously 2 or 2.5 out of 4 is spicy because 2 / 4 would be medium or average in Thai spicy but to the American palette, it is considered very spicy. While I am American/born and raised here myself, I am of asian decent and tend to frequent many ethnic restaurants with foods that pack heat (szechuan, indian, ethiopian, thai, etc.) so I thought the 2 / 2.5 was perfect and had the right amount of kick for Thai food. If you are going to be adventurous and try ethnic cuisines, please understand and be respectful of their cultures and don't criticize them for their standards of what is the norm, especially if you don't give them a chance to address the issue. Just cause we Americans "think" something should be a certain way, it doesn't mean our way is right if its not to our standards or norm.
5	really authentic Thai food and nice service. I really like this place a lot
3	Friendly service. Drove up at 11:10am, sign says it opens at 11am, but doors locked, even waitress was stuck outside. She decided to call them when she saw me try the door, so no problem, life happens. Interior is waaaay different from when this was the Garlic Cafe, but numerous restaurants have been there since & also failed. Instead of dark with booths & comfy seating, now light & bright (good) but just those cheap padded metal chairs & square tables.Not sure how this one will do. He said his pad thai was one of the best he's had (from over 20+ different Thai restaurants around country). Tom Kha soup isn't listed on menu as available with just vegetable, but server said they could do it. I should have stuck to the menu & skipped it. Bland (could be my fault since I said not too spicy for his pad thai which as ordered first) but the only vegetables were green onion, mushrooms (admittedly there were many of them) floating on the top since they were barely cooked so hadn't absorbed any liquid, green onion, cauliflower & 1 piece of a green stalk (maybe bok choy), Plus about 10 pieces of tofu which is not a vegetable or requested. When we asked about the tofu, server said it automatically comes with the vegetable order. So even watching me pull it all out because he won't eat tofu & neither will I unless I KNOW it is organic, no offer to make a fresh soup the way it was ordered. But she "will remember to order without tofu if we come back". Pretty much guarantees I won't be back. I can go to many other restaurants to order the soup which will come with lots of veggies & be tastier. No lunch specials & my panang curry was just ok - didn't have many veggies until I added all the mushrooms from the uneaten soup. SO, I won't be back, but for those of you who do want to try this place, I highly suggest not being there when it opens for the day & try a little later when hopefully they have enough time to have food prepped so they can be cooked prior to serving floating mushrooms.
4	Had dinner here for a meetup on a weeknight and we had a large party.  We were able to get separate checks and food was served in sequence of orders.  I ordered pad see ew and it was tasty.  A few more customers walked in after, but we we still got drink refills of water by the wait staff.   There was a slight problem with my bill as checks got mixed up, but the waiter cancelled the wrong charge and corrected the amount.  Also, I got a free thai iced tea with yelp check in as well as complementary dessert from the chef himself which was sweet!
3	I thought it would be a lot better. The sauces were good and a lot of it tasted fresh. However very small portions compared to other places. They don't provide any utensils with delivery. Over salted their dishes. Got their veggie delight and it was basically broccoli and cauliflower. Where are the carrots, mushroom corn et?. Pad thai was good except tiny. Also you can really taste the tap water in the thai tea. Dissapointing may try again one more time but will be very specific on ingredients i want in the dish to remember utensils  etc.
1	Soooooooo bad! When we walked in, nobody else was in there. This seemed like a bad sign! We asked for simple thai green chicken curry and rice. Asked for a 2 out of chili hot, but hot a 3, so hot! Thai fish cakes were good but the thai iced tea was so sweet it was undrinkable! . Slow top. Considering nobody was in there except us, very bizarre. Sorry I won't be back
4	I lalalove Thai food, and this place always finds a way to satisfy my cravings. I've been here twice, and the first time was stellar. Service was quick and the server was super friendly. My friend and I shared a Pad Thai with beef, Papaya Salad and Massaman Curry with chicken. I loooooved the Pad Thai. This place probably served the best Pad Thai I've ever had; it was super savory and juicy. I'd also recommend getting the Massaman Curry with a spiciness level of 3 or 4. The sweetness and spiciness balanced each other out perfectly.My second time coming here didn't quite meet up to the expectations of my first visit. :( The wait for the food was a bit long. We ordered the Beef Salad, Thai Beef Jerky, Chicken Satay, and Massaman Curry. The curry was consistent, and yuuum! I thought the Beef Jerky and Chicken Satay were a bit overpriced, because the portions seemed much smaller compared to the other menu items. The sauce of the Thai Beef Jerky and Satay Chicken was outstanding though! They really care about details. Lastly, the beef salad was probably the best I've ever had anywhere. Most places tend to put too much lemon/lime, but the lemon/lime compliments the salad. :)Definitely a place to get cheap, quality Thai food.
5	Got here at 8:30 and was done by 9:00 pm.  Great service and great food!  The pad see ew, tum yum soup, pork with basil left and crab fried rice were all scarf down in 30 mins.  The appetizer fish balls and dumpling come out smaller than the pictures but it all tasted good.
5	Delicious Thai food!  Pad see ewe, crab fried rice, and Tom yum soup was really good...
2	I think this place is highly rated because it is so cheap, price wise. I visited Pam Real Thai and it was very meh. The ambiance leaves a lot to be desired, it is decorated so strangely/sparsely that you almost feel awkward stepping in. I decided to give it a shot anyway. I ordered chicken with peanut sauce, vegetables and brown rice, as well as yellow curry and thai tea. The waitress was very nice but there was a communication barrier at times which made things a little confusing but no big deal. My date's meal came out first, strangely enough. He ordered beef pad see ew which was actually very tasty. My peanut chicken dish came out two minutes later... it was super cold. That made no sense to me since it came out second, I assumed it'd be piping hot. Nope. It was very bland. I hated it so we ordered yellow curry for me instead (in addition to, I didn't send anything back). The curry was okay but very thin. The thai tea was extremely sweet so I ordered water instead. Apparently this establishment doesn't have ice water on tap so I had to buy bottled water. Sodas are also served in cans instead of fountain soda. At the end of the meal we were sitting for close to 15 minutes waiting for the check. We ended up getting up to ask the waitress for our check. The meal was inexpensive but I'd rather spend a couple extra bucks and go somewhere else.
5	They have the best crab fried rice! And the crab is real.. I'm interested in trying other items on the menu, but I keep ordering the same thing, which is very pricey $15!!! For just the rice dish. It would be nice if they could fix the air condition in there, and maybe change the the decor. It seems like a cafeteria. Well... It's no biggie as long as the food is good. The young gentleman at the counter is always pleasant and kind. I will continue to keep ordering my rice and Thai tea from here.
5	The Chicken pad Thai  & Thai iced tea was yummy.  We also had the pot stickers and they were amazing, we almost ordered another round but decided dinner was close behind.  The restaurant is very clean and open.  I will defiantly be back soon.
5	So the wait is still long, but this place is consistently good. And the free thai tea is good as well. Check it out (when you have an hour to eat).
4	Went today for lunch and they were closed :( They are seeking a new location. I hope they find one. I will miss the garlic fried rice and pad kee mao.
