5	One of the most wonderful places in the world. Great to go in the winter to feel some humidity and feel better, great for summer to see all the flowers. The gift shop is excellent for any (particularly female) gift occasion. Just a great place to go. Would be great for a date.
5	A great place for plant lovers any time of the year!My wife and I come here every winter (if we can) to attend a conference put on by Horticulture Magazine(Fine Gardening).  Olbrich does a nice job with preparation, including the food.Their tropical conservatory is a bit on the small side but the building and plants are very well tended.The various gardens are very well tended.  There are 10 or more theme gardens.  I love their rose garden:  YES WE CAN GROW BEAUTIFUL ROSES IN WISCONSIN.  In fact some roses have been developed by a hybridizer at Olbrich.Olbrich is in a nice area of Madison - close to Lake Monona.
5	What a great little spot, and certainly helps that it's free admission. Very enjoyable place, esp the beautiful rose garden, and the Thai Pavilion, reportedly the only one in North America. It is quite gleaming.
5	Note to guys everywhere: Olbrich is a great place to take a date!  You get to walk around in semi-secluded areas and look at beautiful things.  It's romantic without even trying.I love seeing how both the outdoor gardens and indoor conservatory flowers change at different times of the year.  Plus, the conservatory is so nice and warm during the winter!
5	Beautiful, thoughtfully arranged and free--can't get any better than this. Favorites: Thai Pavilion, Conservatory (smells wonderful), and it being free admission (did I say that already?)
5	Welcome to my backyard.  Oh wait, I'm hallucinating again.But seriously, this place is wonderful.  I love going here, and I do wish my backyard looked like this.Unfortunately for me, I brought a minor with me.  Minor claims to love nature and wants to see it up close and personal, but at the same time is deathly afraid of bees and butterflies.  Most people can understand being fearful of bees and their stings, but butterflies?  It's the kind of irrational fear I can only compare to being terribly frightened by a marshmallow.If you were there today, you probably saw the minor racing through the gardens like they were on fire, screaming and crying and begging for mercy from the winged feigns of fiery death and destruction, otherwise known as butterflies.  I thought I could convince minor to hold my hand and "trust" that I wouldn't let anything bad happen, but apparently I'm a lousy saleswoman and/or my evil plot to feed innocent children to flying insects was all too apparent.  Dang!!!Minor covered the grounds in record time and was back at the lobby begging to leave.  A wave of relief washed over minor's face when we were safely back in the confines of the car, far far away from the flying death stingers and soul crushing, face smashing butterflies of satan.But other than that, this is a lovely place when we are not there.  Thank you and goodnight.
4	We got a permit to have wedding photos taken here.  The garden itself was great: 5 stars all around.The staff was horrible.  The person manning the place claimed there were no bathrooms, complained about where our group was standing (twice!), and then warned us that 'if you aren't out on time I will come in and find you, and I really don't want to do that.'  Its been a long time since I was treated so rudely.  Go to the garden, avoid the staff.
5	What a great garden!Be sure to see:The Thai PavillionThe ConservatoryThe Reflecting Pool
5	One of the greatest treasures of Madison. There's no better place to simply relax and enjoy the beauty and variance of nature. The only downside: the inevitable disrespectful patrons. Particularly when it comes to the Thai Pavilion. Usually this means people with kids, but just as often applies to adults that can't seem to understand the words "Please don't touch".
5	Absolutely gorgeous!We arrived in Madison a little late on a Thursday afternoon and decided to try to make it to the Botanical Garden and squeeze a walk in before it closed.  We, unknowingly, got there at the perfect time - 6:30 pm in the summer yielded some BEAUTIFUL pictures as the sun was a little softer (and not as hot).We strolled around, hand in hand on our anniversary vacation - it was romantic, quiet, and I felt like I was taking deep breaths for the first time in a very long time.I cannot recommend this beautiful sanctuary enough
5	This is truly a beautiful place and a treasure for Madison.  Please don't ever leave us.  Be sure to check out the herb garden in the fall.  Amazing variety of scents.  The varieties of  geranium are amazing.  Lemon, chocolate, mint, vanilla, pepper, cinnamon, turmeric... well you get the picture.
4	I love going to Olbrich in the summer. There are so many places to just lose yourself in nature. Beautiful flowers, plants, landscaping... even the furniture fits with the ambiance. The only reason I didn't rate a 5 star is because their much lauded Blooming Butterflies is a giant Bust. They charge $5 per person to get in. Not unreasonable. But, we saw maybe 20 butterflies the entire time we were in there, which was well over a half hour, perhaps close to an hour. I took my young daughter thinking she'd love it, but the butterflies were, for the most part, up in trees or far enough away that they didn't catch or hold her attention. All in all, an amazing place.
5	Amazing free thing to do in Madison.
5	Wonderful space. I cannot believe it is free. It is truly a gem of Madison. The history and story behind the Thai Pavilion is remarkable and it's a can't miss. Just keep your grubby little paws off of it if you want it to stick around...
4	Its very nice, and a great place to stop if you're biking around lake monona. Its super large and super green, just how I like it!
3	This garden doesn't have as many flowers as the Chicago Botanic Gardens, nor is it as large, but I love the water features throughout the grounds (especially the sunken garden) and the Thai Pavilion is like nothing I've ever seen before. It's a very peaceful place to spend an hour or two. Not sure I'd recommend the conservatory as much, however, since it's quite small, but overall this is a nice place to visit.Visited: May 17, 2012
4	It's a great place to go in the summer. It's a good place for kids, it is very peaceful, and best of all its FREE!!
5	can you believe such a beautiful place? my stepson loves the thai pavililion and i love hte ability to have a place like that here in town.
4	What a lovely way to spend a Saturday afternoon! ...Although I'd probably recommend going on cooler day. It is a lot of walking and sunshine...so really, regardless of the heat, you should slather on the sunscreen and stay hydrated! It takes about an hour to 1.5 hours (going at a brisk pace) to cover all of the gardens on display. Some gardens are nicer than others, and there are a few that are still under construction. My favorites were the Sunken Garden, the Rose Garden, and the Thai Temple Garden. I thought that all of these displays are well thought-out and perfectly executed!Looovve!! I'll be back in the fall when the leaves change colors. (:
4	Note - grounds only, didn't get to the conservatory.Of the various Civic Tourism opportunities around Madison, Olbrich takes the prize for best in show. Fantastic assortment of native flora, meticulously planned to keep something interesting to see year-round (except during the Wisconsin winter, I guess).  Beautiful arrangements, with adjoining themed areas: roses, herbs, even poisons! It also features, perhaps oddly,  the only Thai Sala in the continental US -- I think I first saw one in Hawaii -- and its fragile gold leaf has survived multiple midwestern winters surprisingly well. It's all free, and while you can self-guide I cannot recommend the tours highly enough.  We chanced to arrive just before the last of the day, and our guide, Paul, was everything you want in a volunteer guide: highly knowledgeable and enthusiastic about all aspects of the garden and its history, our tour was ninety minutes that felt like twenty.
5	How do you give this place less than five stars? Olbrich is a free botanical garden! Sure, the growing season here is very limited (even Milwaukee and Chicago have longer seasons!), but that is no reason to detract a star from a place because of the weather! This place is gorgeous and the flora/fauna you might be inclined to visit depends on the time of year...the Thai Pavilion is probably the exception as the gold leaf and smooth stones stand out at anytime of year. (Did you know there are no nails in the entire structure? I think that is so amazing!) The Bolz Conservatory is also open year round. It includes tropical plants as well as many species of smaller creatures be them mammal, bird, or butterfly. While the Gardens in Chicago or Domes in Milwaukee might run you a pretty penny, the Conservatory costs only $2. The gigantic koi, the exotic trees, and not even to mention being the cheapest sauna in Wisconsin! This place is so worth it! I adore it and still pickup the 'kids-only' scavenger hunt.Everything about this place is delightful. Also, I have navigated this place, with the exception of the rock garden, with a wheelchair. So for those concerned about others who cannot walk far or without assistance, there are many benches and areas for a rest! Did I mention that it is free? (Although I always toss in something because I never want to see the day Olbrich Gardens closes its doors to the community due to lack of funds.)
4	Love this place
5	Wonderful place to spend the afternoon - great place for kids to run around and enjoy the space.  I'm really not big on the educational component of the Gardens (I know, shame on me!) but I love the atmosphere and being around nature.  Great all year round...
5	This is a really well done garden. Truly spectacular.
4	Landmark Review:What a beautiful site. This was one of our pitstops on our whirlwind tour of the midwest and again amazing sites and pictures. The ones that stand out is the thai pavilion with the intricate artwork/gold embossed structure and the rose garden with fountains that are perfect for engagement pictures etc. This would be an awesome location to get married. Best of all completely free!Hidden deals:Free attraction
5	Fantastic - so many things to see in the conservatory that you buy and eat without thinking about how they grow.  We went during November, but if I lived in Madison, I'd be here every week during the winter just to get a dose of the tropics.  Gorgeous grounds to stroll around, and a stunning array of plants.
5	Awesome! We went a little too early to see many butterflies at their exhibit, but it was still great and the grounds are beautiful!
5	Can I give them 5 stars because you can drink during Cocktails in the Conservatory? Anyone?Anyone?I'm doing it. Did it.
5	Olbrich is a true gem in Madison. I looks like it belongs somewhere exotic and elite with a golden Thai temple (yes, REAL gold and REAL Thai) and a stunning rose garden. The indoor botanical garden is stunning, and there is a fun self-guided scavenger hunt that is entertaining for kids and adults.They have really great events and yoga in the park, which I have been to and love. This is my favorite place to take people from out of town that has nothing to do with food.
4	This place is very nice.  I love taking the kids through the indoor gardens, its very fun for them and admission is very cheap.  It's a great place to go in winters when its so cold!  I wish they were open a bit later on some days, since I work until 6pm, but the staff are always friendly and helpful.
4	I don't know the first thing about flowers, but this place was lovely. The warm humid atmosphere is a welcome respite from the frigid winter. I hear the outdoor gardens are great as well, but didn't get to explore those (again, frigid winter). Not a bad place for a family outing (our 3 yr old loved leading us around following his "map"). Oh, And it's cheap.
5	Beautiful, big, free to go in, calming, wonderful.  If I lived in Madison, I'd go sit and read by the serene pools throughout the summer.
5	Lovely beautiful stunning gardens.  I am a fan of all things botanical, and have been wanting to visit this place for some time.  Doesn't disappoint, especially because it's free to walk the grounds.  Parking was easy, I did not mind paying to walk in the conservatory either.  The structure and layout of the grounds is quite magica.
5	If I could give them ten stars, I would. BEAUTIFUL. And, FREE!!! When I got there, the tram was waiting and available. I asked if I should take it, or walk.. The driver was super helpful-telling me it isn't a long walk, and pointing out things on the map I could see that the tram doesn't go to (some of the paths are more foot paths). The gardens are all so pretty. Just wonderful and peaceful. The Thai garden, with the golden pavilion and fountains, was definitely my favorite. There was also a mallard duck mama who was sitting on her nest in the rose garden. I was in heaven. I also paid the $2 fee to go to the conservatory, where I saw tiny baby quail! So cute! The tropical plants were beautiful. However, I only saw the butterflies recent hatched in the case-not one in the conservatory itself. Two small drawbacks: maps cost $0.25. I am not complaining about the cost, per se. But I only had a $5, and they seemed annoyed by this. Also, none of the items in the gift shop had the Olbrich name on it. I collect Christmas ornaments from everywhere I go (just the city, not every single place), and I would have loved to have had something from there, since this was above and beyond my favorite place in Madison. They had some generic things, but like I said, I like a memento.
2	Didn't see any roses in the "rose garden" and I counted only 5 butterflies in the "butterfly house" -- even the feeding trays were completely empty.  Definitely not 1-star, but also not quite up to "ok" -- 2 stars.
5	Being from the Chicago area, I am a member of the of the Chicago Botanic Garden [third year] and very much enjoy gardens and plant life ESPECIALLY when I don't have to do any maintenance myself. That said, when I saw my opportunity to visit the Olbrich Botanical Garden when passing through the Madison area, I needed to make a stop and take full advantage of the adventure. I've really only been to two official botanic gardens (mostly CBG) however I'm glad Olbrich was another to add to my list. It was absolutely pouring down rain when we arrived, which was actually ok because the doors hadn't opened yet, and it also gave us an opportunity to have the gardens to ourselves once we were let in. We checked in with the ladies at the front desk and they happily pointed us to the garden areas and told us about the park; they also lent us an umbrella which was nice customer service. We had a plan to do a loop and visit the famous Thai garden (awesome) and our idea paid off greatly. With the rain ever-present we had our own rainforest jungle to enjoy to ourselves, which made for a very peaceful experience. We passed back around to the rose garden and detoured around the flooded pathways, so I'm not entirely sure which gardens we passed through.After getting soaked (I'm glad I had my waterproof kayaking shoes in the car) we walked through the indoor garden, which was free because I had my membership card for the CBG, otherwise it would have been $2. Even if I had to pay I would have been satisfied, it was pretty cool. They had a variety of trees, fish, painted pheasants, a waterfall, and other hidden gems I wont spoil. Although we didn't make a purchase, their gift shop area was pretty nice for its size. If we had more time and nicer weather, I wouldn't hesitate to make this garden a destination for a bit. It's so close to Chicago so I can't see why that would be a difficult task to accomplish. I'll be back for sure; but next time I'll bring the sunshine.
5	Free and much larger than I expected, this botanical garden was a pleasant surprise.  There are a few corners that are particularly nice, like the Rose Tower and Temple. Meander throughout and try to get lost. Sit a spell on a bench and enjoy the scenery.
5	Amazing!  I can't believe all these types of plants shrubs and herbs grow in Wisconsin soil!  Such a beautifully kept grounds. They have a tram going around the 16-acres, but that's really for the elderly so we didn't take it.  Then when it rolled by us we saw no elderly people on it at all.  It was a nice day out so we enjoyed walking the grounds.  Best was the Thai garden as it felt so calm and relaxing, not to mention the beautiful pavilion.  Just a note to people, you really shouldn't be touching things in a botanical garden.  My partner didn't know that was implied, so just for future visitors to be aware and please inform your party.
5	What a bonus Ohlbrich is... free and beautiful. Watch tha flowers bloom in the spring, in summer see the birds swooping in the twilight, in fall the colors are amazing and in winter the sun dazzles with the frosty foliage. Hey, take your kids for a walk, steal a kiss from your lover, or bring a book and relax. This city treasure is in walking distance for me and is easily accessible by bus and bike (right on the bike path). Go, you won't be sorry.
4	I am not sure how fair this review is because my experience was a unique one.  We chose this place to host our office Holiday party.  Though I had not been here before, after hearing the different prices of a few of the other places that we were considering, Olbrich stood out because it was one of the best priced places for our budget. On the visit before the event to meet and discuss the table layout I was impressed by how friendly the staff was.  My idea of the staff did not change on the day of the actual event, in fact I found the stuff to be even friendlier than before!  Even better was that they allowed our office to walk around the Conservatory; this was an added bonus and something that many people took part in.  They were also very accommodating and even made suggestions in regard to caterers. I would highly recommend this place.  It's not the fanciest place but after our caterers got some table cloths and napkins on the table along with our center pieces this place really shined.  I look forward to stopping by during the day to experience all that this gem has to offer.
5	I love this place! I cannot believe it took me nearly five years to finally visit after moving to Wisconsin. This is a wonderful place! I love that it's free. I went because I wanted to seethe Thai Pavilion, while it was my favorite thing there, the rest of the gardens were very impressive. I would highly recommend it.
4	When I think of what I would like to see in the garden of our home, I really do look to what I saw at Olbrich. I fell in love with the trellis that had criss cross working, so unconventional. I loved the Thai sala- the only one in North America and the only one outside of Thailand to be surrounded by a tropical garden. That's worth boasting about. I'm so glad we made a stop here. It was relaxing. The people of Madison are so lucky- Olbrich has yoga and tai chi there each month as well!
5	I think this is the best botanical garden I have ever visited.  I didn't even make it through the majority of the place since my 3 year old was getting cranky, but was completely amazed by what I saw.  The staff was friendly, helpful, and very patient with my oldest who will talk your ear off.  The three year old wondered off the path once or twice when my attention was elsewhere, and the staff gave him a gentle warning without making me feel like a bad parent for not having my eyes glued to him every second.  There were tons of learning activities and seating found throughout the portion I was able to visit.  Before we left, I bought a family membership as I see us returning on multiple occasions.
5	What a delight!  The Olbrich Botanical Gardens are magical.  I'm so glad we did not miss the opportunity to tour this lovely spot during a recent visit to Madison, WI.  I love the Frederik Meijer Garden & Sculpture Park in Grand Rapids, MI so I was curious to see how this would compare.  Although the gardens at Olbrich do not have the amazing assortment of sculptures that Frederik Meijer Gardens does, they are beautifully arranged and cover a wide variety of gardening themes including wild flowers, rock gardens, herb gardens, garden sculptures, various ponds and Asian themed gardens.  It's the sort of place you could easily spend a day or two just to absorb the beauty.  And, we were shocked to find that all this gorgeousness was offered to the public for FREE.  We couldn't help but give a donation to support the efforts.
4	Beautiful vacation day to visit. Not too hot, and the flowers were in glorious bloom. Living in the tropics and volunteering at a tropical botanic garden, I had forgotten about some of the amazing flora indigenous to my motherland. It was a nice refresher. Best part is the price tag of free.
5	So glad we decided to stop by here! The conservatory was small but worth the $2 to get in. Butterflies flying around everywhere and even quail running around. Neat to see so many tropical plants, all labeled. Outside was larger than I anticipated but we enjoyed every minute of it. Lots of photo ops around the grounds with different themes in areas. Beautifully kept!
5	Wow, this place blew me away being free.  This garden is huge and probably out does itself from the indoor conservatory.  I would equate the indoor conservatory to the Des Moines Botanical Garden so this easily surpasses it.  The Thai House was especially awesome and all the other gardens.  The rock garden was my personal favorite to just reflect.  The back part of it with all the swamp stuff was less appealing in my humble opinion.  We got free admission to the indoor conservatory which is $3 per person and $2 for children.  My Como Zoo and Conservatory membership got us complimentary admission.  Well, we finished up in about an hour and a half so plan about this much of time.  It opens early and the conservatory opens later at around 10AM.
5	YES.  My new favorite thing to do is to go to Crema Cafa (or any other place I suppose) and sip a coffee while walking through the gardens.  So relaxing.  And for free!  The gardens are friendly for studying, though I am not sure of the wifi situation.  Great for kids' field trips.  Great for adults just doing their thing.  I went and cartwheeled around their big center lawn.  Nobody even looked twice!I have not been through the butterfly exhibit because the gardens are good enough for me.  I will be saving the butterflies for a rainy day.If you get a chance, check out the HUGE hibiscus like flowers.  They are my favorite and makes you feel you are at least a bit closer to Hawaii...the humidity helped as well though.
5	Really beautiful place. Must go see - herb garden - TOUCH N FEEL was really good. Otherwise really big place and definitely can cater to an event. Thai Garden was also good.
4	Pretty impressive landscaping, floral and fauna display. Free admission, but I suggest spending the extra $2 and visit the conservatory whi check has butterflies and a few birds.
5	This place is magical. I really don't feel the need to expand on this statement too much. Go, just go! This is my only advice to you.I suggest taking the tram ride if possible. This enables you to get a mini tour and see the lay of the land, it also provides shade on a hot day. We learned some really cool things about the Thai Pavilion we might not otherwise have learned if we didn't take the tram ride. Family friendly and affordable fun; It's free to enter the gardens and $2.00 per person to enter the conservatory. They suggest you make a donation, and so do I. This is a Madison treasure, I hope to enjoy in all seasons!
