4	We had been wanting to go to Duckworth's, but we normally went to its neighbor, Mama Fu's, instead.  Fortunately for Duckworth's, we got there and discovered that Mama Fu's had closed.  Huh.  So we finally got to give Duckworth's a try and weren't disappointed.  We walked in and saw that the dining room was just one long aisle.  It didn't look too inviting, but it was a nice night out, so we decided to sit outside.  The service was great.  Our server was on top of things, even with the drunks next to us.  He was very cordial to them even though they were being pretty stupid.  We had the kids with us so instead of trying their cheesesteaks (it's in the name, so they have to be good!), we decided to order two large pizzas to split.  The Meatza Pizza sounded delicious with its salami, sausage, Canadian bacon, pepperoni, AND regular bacon.  And -- BONUS! -- that just happened to be their "special" monthly pizza, on sale for $5 off!  The pizza was delicious, moist, and very flavorful; not dull or dry at all.  We were very impressed!  Next time we'll definitely try the cheesesteaks!
4	i'm not sure if i'm biased by the drink specials, but that's where i'll start. : Monday and Tuesday they have $2 drafts, on Wednesday and Thursday they have $3 drafts. That is on all 20 of their beers, These aren't Miller Lite, Coors Light drafts, these are real beers and Yuengling. Anywho, from now on when my girlfriend goes tanning, i'll volunteer to go with on Monday and Tuesday and wait for her here. Also, i noticed on a sign that said $5 Patron shots everyday. Heavenly.i ordered the buffalo cheesesteak and it was delicious. It wasn't all that hot (in the spicy sense), but it had good flavor. The basket of fries was enough for us to split and they were tasty as well. They are sort of like the fries at most cheesesteak places but thicker and better. They also had seasoning salt on the table that i love. My special lady friend ordered the turkey cheesesteak and it wasn't quite as flavorful as mine. The food prices seemed pretty reasonable. To me, this place falls between a Subway fast food type place and a sit down restaurant. Because you can order food for pickup or when eating in, it is was ready for us pretty quickly. Also of note, this place had a number of tvs inside and the service was attentive.
4	We were looking for Lancasters and ended up here.. which was good bc the food was pretty good! I had the philly with onion and mushroom and white american cheese and the homemade chips and it was all delicious. The sandwich had a lot of flavor without being really greasy (as cheesesteaks often are) and the chips were a good mix of crispy and soft that I expect when I'm getting homemade chips. Other dishes at the table - chicken club sandwich (reportedly VERY good) and a cheeseburger (reported as Ok, but he ate it all so it couldnt have been too bad!!)Note: They had the BEST Sweet tea I've had in a few years. Really super delish.I'd definetely go back here.
2	The outside setting is very good, in a Plaza.  Great for warm nights.  The inside seating, not so good. We had the Philly cheese steaks (it's in the name!) and I was disappointed.  Not enough taste, and not enough cheese.  Overall, pretty "papery" taste.  In addition, the service was subpar, the beer menu was out of date and the one that I was able to order came out warm and flat.
3	I went here last night to eat the pain away because of the defeat suffered by my 2nd favorite team...the Panthers. Please fire Jake Del-hom-ie. Away...Cheese...Ducky...What...name is too long...I have been here before and it was decent. Not spectacular but reliable and decent.Atmosphere - Narrow feeling, light oak, clean, bar, a little sterile, crazy hand dryers (yes, I do wash before eating!).Food - On this visit I had the Cheese Steak - Deluxe Edition. The last time I was here I had the pizza which was decent. I order an un-sweet tea (How un-Southern of me!) and a side of sweet potato fries (cause they are the healthier choice...see fiber, high vitamin A and some vitamin C for good measure). The cheese steak I ordered came piping hot w/ provolone cheese, onions, green peppers, mushrooms and steak. The sandwich was decent, as I enjoyed the texture of the roll and the nicely chopped steak. Again, not the best I have ever had, but better than Subway. The sweet potato fries were a little over done but the waitress noted my sour puss face and promptly remediated the issue...yeaaa!! The tea was...tea.Price - 7" inch cheese steak $8ish with the sp fries.Service - Prompt, friendly, sour puss face fixable, management follow-up, and many a refill on the drink.Overall - A nice experience when you want decent food and good service without surprises.
2	To have Cheesesteaks in the name...they miss having a great cheesesteak by a mile. I would love to find a good cheesesteak in Charlotte but this isnt the place. Plus its way over priced for the product you get.
5	I have been hearing about Duckworths for quite some time so my wife and I decided to give it a shot. We were not disappointed.The place is a little on the small side, just one aisle of booths and tables. There is also a seperate small bar area at the front of the space. Several TV's. Not big on the atmosphere. The only saving grace in this area is the outside seating.The food is decent. We split a full cheesesteak, and the blue cheese chips. Not the greatest cheesesteak but not bad at all. A good value for the price.The waitstaff is pretty good, they seem to be on top of things. Checked in on us often, made sure we had everything that we needed, and weren't too pushy. Duckworths is  a beer-centric place with a great beer menu. They currently have 20 beers on tap, and are constantly rotating their tap list to keep it interesting. Another thing that I really like is that they know how to serve their beer, in the correct glassware, at the right temperature. They are not serving Natty lite in a frosted mug. They have a very good list of bottles available too. They have great specials too Mon & Wed is $2.50 local (N.C.) drafts, Tues & Thurs is $2.50 all drafts, Fri, Sat & Sun they pick 2 or 3 draft to be $2.50.I understand that they are in the process of moving into a larger space on Park Rd. I believe they said they should be operational by the end of May. I am told they will have 60 beers on tap, and 3 casksAll in all a great place for a beer fan, a family, or just someone looking for a decent meal at a reasonable price.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~UPDATEDuckworths has recently opened their new location on Park Rd. and it is terrific. The place is much larger and more up to date than the previous location. The service is as good as ever and now they have 60 taps with some great craft beers and a cask engine. Really the premier spot for craft beer in the Charlotte area.I am really impressed, I am usually there at least once a week and have never had a bad experience.
5	Duckworths has without a doubt the best micro beer selection in town.  Sure, they only have 20 taps but those 20 are GREAT and Tues & Thurs all drafts are only $2.50!  Plus they have $2.50 draft specials EVERYDAY of the week.  Last visit they had 4 Founders taps, Allagash White, Gordon & Ten Fidy from Oscar Blues, DFH 90, Foothills Hoppyum, and many more.  PLUS they go to Black Mountian and bring back Pisgah beer....the only place in Charlotte that carries Pisgah.The food is always fresh and very good, the pizza and cheese steaks are excellent.  BUT the fried pickles at Duckworths are the best in town...yes, better that the Penguin's!!  They are always crisp (not greasy or soggy) and you get a large serving.  Again, the best beers and deals in town.
5	Went  to the soft opening of Duckworth's. i made a new restaurant since they changed their name, location and updated the menu. So, maybe this should be linked to Duckworth's Cheesesteakery. i was a big fan of the Cheesesteakery, but while  their old location was in a good spot the inside was extremely limited.  Now the inside is much more open, inviting and improved. They've also revamped the menu from what i can tell adding fancier steaks and such (don't remember seeing them before), but holding over the good stuff.  We had some fried mushrooms which were okay. Nothing special, just something fried.  The jalapeno chicken was extremely delicious. Regular price is $14.99 but i think it was worth the price. The wife thoroughly enjoyed it. i can't resist ordering the buffalo Philly cheesesteak. i've never been to Philly, so maybe my taste buds don't know the 'real' thing. But i thoroughly enjoy it with their sweet potato fries.  Delicious.They were my favorite place to get good draft beer before, and now they increased from 20 to like 60 beers on draft! It is a beautiful thing. With $2.50 specials on ALL beer on Tuesday and Thursday, i don't know of a better place in the area. Every day there is supposed to be select $2.50 drafts. The only drawback appeared to be the parking situation which is somewhat limited.
5	Awesome sandwiches.  Haven't been to the new location yet but, I'm sure it's just as good.  Ask for the Sriracha sauce; they keep it hidden in the back.*Update: Just visited the new place.  Much better location and interior.  Lots of TVs, nice layout and HUGE beer menu.
4	Great sandwiches, huge menu!  The bacon on the Club Sub is tasty.  Fries are fresh cut and rustic.  But the real star is the beer selection.  Although I'm not a beer drinker so I don't really seek them out, I haven't seen a longer bar with as many beers on tap in this town.  I'll be back for the food and look forward to spreading the word that there's a new awesome sports bar in town.  And I can't remember the last time I wrote that out loud!
3	Nice to have 58 draft beers to choose from.  Try the philly and sweet potato fries.
4	i wasnt very excited about their move bc i liked the old tucked away spot they had, it was never too crowded in a neighborhood that likes to wear places out (my neighborhood) BUT went there yesterday for the first time since they moved and as usual it was great.  just ordered a normal philly cheese steak (cheese wiz and onions) it was the perfect.  while there i was floored by their draft selection.  as far as the myers park/south charlotte area goes this is my #1 beer joint.  i highly rec this spot, like the new locale and really really impressed by the draft selection.  this place is a must for cheesesteak lovers and especially beer lovers.
3	We checked out the new location last week.  The bar and tap line-up are unprecedented for anywhere in the Southend or Montford area.  And since it was the opening weekend, and very busy, I'll overlook the luke-warm temperature of the several different beers that I tried.The cheesesteak sandwich I had was very good, but the lack of any type of side was disappointing for the price.  There was also a band that night, but the set-up of the new location is not very conducive.  We could hardly even hear the band from where we were seated even though we were not that far away. We had a much nicer time when the bands played in the courtyard. Unfortunately in life, there are constant trade offs. I just need to find a way to combine the outdoor patio of Macs, the ice-cold draft pours at Icehouse, and the 60 tap draft selection of Duckworths. Oh, and lets add a Macs pulled-pork Philly sandwich to that list.
4	I don't know about the food, but this place is all about the beer. A lot of rare stuff that I was very surprised to see on tap. This place puts Flying Saucer to shame as far as selection goes. I'd venture to say it rivals Mellow Mushroom in Asheville and Tyler's in Durham. The beer prices are EXTREMELY reasonable for such hard-to-find/eclectic selection. The sampler is a great deal (any 4 beers your heart desires for $4.50)The new place is MUCH better than the old location when it comes to the 60 or so taps vs. the only 12 or 15 they used to have. Cool atmosphere, big bar(s) and plenty of seating. High ceilings, low lights, ESPN. I'll miss the intimacy of the old location, where we got preferential treatment on those slow nights and often got to dink around with the late-night staff. But what you sacrifice in intimacy, is more than made up for in quality AND quantity of the beer selection. A MUST when visiting Charlotte.
3	I really wanted to like this place, and if I went there for beer and food, I may have liked it better. That said, I just stopped in for a quick lunch. Very extensive menu from apps, to salads, to pizzas, to sandwiches to regular entrees. They ride themselves (food wise) on the sub sandwiches, especially the philly. I went with the buffalo chicken philly which came with ranch, swiss and buffalo sauce with chopped up chicken. Comes in two sizes....7" and 10". 7" was $7.99 and the 10" is $10.99. Went with the 7" as I wasn't looking to roll out of the place after wards. Now my issue...those prices do not come with any sides. They offer a "make it a meal" for $3.50 which includes a side & drink. Since I got an iced tea I went with a side of sweet potato fries, which were really good. However; for $11.49, my plate was no where near the size or the quality for that price. I couldn't imagine getting the 10" for almost $15! The beer menu was extensive and impressive, and I'll be sure to check it out one more time for the beers since I didn't on this recent trip.
3	If you gave this place five stars I'm going to kick you in the nuts. Yup Yup Yup Yuppies and wannabe hard ass types coexist inside of this place. This place goes against all the laws of nature and is a complete douchefest. If it weren't for the 60 or so drafts at 2.50 a piece I would have to take a dump on this place. Will I be back? Maybe. In all honesty the wait staff was pretty nice if not bothersome. I'm probably being too harsh. Sorry Duckworth's, I apologize and will probably come back and maybe refer some moderate friends or jerks.
3	This review is easy, 4 stars for the beer and 2 for the food. First the food, it kind of sucks, it lacks effort, flavor and originality, and 2 stars is really a gift. Second the beer, what they do poorly with food they make up for in their beer selection. They have a diverse, creative selection of micro brews from all across the country. The only reason I didn't give the beer 5 stars, is they don't have a worldwide selection, only 3 non-US beers. So go to Duckworth's have a couple beers, then go some place else to eat, then go back and have another beer.
4	The hubby and I enjoy Duckworth's and we try to make it here weekly for the awesome beer special ($2.50 pints on Tuesdays and Thursdays).  This is Mr. P's favorite bar/restaurant because of the reasonable price and extensive selection of draft beer.  I'm not a huge beer drinker myself but even I get excited reading the beer menu.  My husband, on the other hand, acts like a kid in a candy store and spends a ridiculous amount of time salivating over the beer menu while trying to make his selections.  The restaurant is in a great location (park road shopping area) and the management and servers are extremely friendly and helpful.  If you have a hard time deciding on a beer the servers are more than happy to let you try samples before committing.  The dining area indoors is a little boring (off white walls with little to no decorations), but the outdoor area is nice with plenty of people watching.  And, if you're lucky, you can sometimes even hear the trivia from across the street at Angry Ale's in the evening.  The menu is pretty decent with a good variety of appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pizzas and entrees.  I highly recommend the cobb salad.  It's easily enough for 2 meals and so delicious loaded up with a balance of healthy (lots of veggies and grilled chicken) and unhealthy (blue cheese, cheddar, bacon, yum!)   toppings.  I always dread trying to find a parking spot in their tiny parking lot.  You're usually better off just parking along the street.  Overall, if you are (or want to become) a beer drinker this is definitely a place you need to try.
4	If you can get to Duckworth's early enough to get a table, you won't be disappointed. Our server (I think it was Brian), was helpful in selecting delicious beers and brought out samples as needed by our very large (and even louder) group. We only ate appetizers and pizzas, but they came out relatively quickly given how busy the place was and were awfully good. Their fajita nachos are big enough for about 7 people, but sadly don't have as much chicken as some other local places. They're darn good though. The prices seemed pretty reasonable for the portion sizes. The only downfall is that the beer list is a little confusing. Not very well organized, so it's helpful to have a server who knows beer and can lead you in the right direction ( or offer free samples so you can make sure you're getting what you want!)
4	If beer heaven was a place, and I'm not ruling out the possibility that it is, Duckworth's is on the shortlist for hosting duties. They boast 40 taps plus a plethora of bottled choices and the beer menu, a four page, single spaced affair, backs them up. As for food, the menu covers nearly every corner of American cuisine, from ribs to wings to pizza to Philly cheesesteaks.To beer fans I cannot recommend the sampler highly enough: for $5 you a 4.5 oz glass of any 4 beers on tap. We visited shortly after a Stone tap takeover so that fine brewery had a draft plurality and since their choices were rarer the Stone sampler was $8, but still well worth it since it gave the opportunity to compare across the brand. All bottled choices are available for takeout, so consider bringing a treat home for your own brew reserve.The food is enjoyable but not exceptional. I has a meatball sub with sweet potato fries. The meatballs were distinctly not house-made, but I wouldn't really expect otherwise from a one-stop shopping style kitchen. My roommate had a cheesesteak and it avoided the common misstep of being either overly greasy or juicy. All in all a solid effort.The atmosphere was clean and more stylish than the 6 tvs above the bar broadcasting various sports events might make you expect. The staff was friendly though a bit slow and our check had to be corrected due to erroneous splitting.Next time I OD on PBR I know where I'll be going to renew my faith in craft beer, and Duckworth's is that place.
4	Beer, Beer, Beer, Beer....All this fabulous beer that I have never heard of....I will have the Bud Light Please!!!  Seriously, that's really pretty much all I drink!! I have come in late at night after work and have sat inside and out on the patio both are great! The service has been hit or miss but I think for the most part its been very good! The bartenders know everything about the beer so no problems there!! The prices are really reasonable too!! The food has been good, Nachos being my favorite! The burgers are good as well with the french fries! I think it adds something great to Montford !!
1	Underwhelmed, disappointed and regretful. Those three words sum up my visit to Duckworth's Grill & Taphouse. I brought a large group here on a Saturday evening (they weren't too busy when we got there) at the recommendation of a friend and I found it to be completely disappointing. We had 7 in the group. Everything about the place was disappointing. We weren't asked for a drink order for 15 minutes; our food order wasn't taken for 45 minutes to an hour; the food came another 30 minutes later; and the food was well below average. I ordered a 16 oz porterhouse steak with sweet potato fries and grilled veggies. The porterhouse was a little overcooked and had a mushy exterior with no grill marks or char as if it had been cooked on a grill that wasn't hot enough (or a Foreman grill). The sweet potato fries were decent but there were hardly any of them. The grilled veggies were mushy and served in a pool of what appeared to be oil...yuck. They did have a decent sample of beers here which is nice but I would never go here again for a meal. All told I left feeling like I had wasted 2 plus hours of my life waiting on food that I'd rather have not have eaten.
3	Great location off of Park Road! I've passed this place numerous times and finally decided to drop in with some friends.They have an overwhelming amount of beers...in a good way if you want to try something new. However, if you have problems making a decision, do not look at the beer list. $2.50 pint specials on a certain selection of beers on Thursdays makes for a nice time out! I didn't eat anything during this visit, but the menu looked like a typical bar menu with salads, sandwiches, etc. They stay open with full-menu until 2am.Smoking is allowed on the patio, there are tvs lining the walls, and did I mention they have a lot of beer?! Go enjoy a night out at Duckworth's!
5	Highly impressed with the service and food this New Year's Eve night.  The restaurant was pretty full when we arrived around 8pm, but since we informed them we were there just for dinner and not the 10pm party, we were seated immediately at a table that would be moved eventually for the dance floor area.  We had very attentive and cheerful service from Kendra, our drinks were quickly refilled when needed, and the food was delicious as always.  Whenever I crave chicken fajitas, this is my go-to place.  Our daughter loves the pepperoni and basil pizza, and they have some very tasty, lightly breaded, fried pickles.  Nice way to end the old year and start the new!
5	This place has great food, and great beer. Let's get the important stuff out of the way: beer.  Duckworth's has one of the more impressive draft beer selections in Charlotte.  I would say top 3 in Charlotte.  They have a lot of great and random beers.  The hard part is picking WHICH beer you want.  Food:  I wanted to tell you that the food across the board is great.  However, in writing this and being honest - I have only had 1 thing.  That one thing was the Chicken Philly Supreme, and it's awesome.  Get the Boardwalk fries - They are great!  I'm a quasi-regular here.  The food and beer are great.  Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
5	WOooo hoooo!!  Great Burger, plethora of beer choices, and extremely friendly bartenders/staff.  What more are you looking for??  Affordable??  On Tu/Th, every single draft is $2.50.  We walked out of there paying about $30 for two man-sized meals, two quality beers each, and big fat smiles on our faces.  You must try anything with the Jalapeno Bacon.. I am salivating just thinking about it.  You have got to give this place a shot if you are in the area.  Dare I say...... GEM ALERT!!    Enjoy!(Keep an eye out for updates on the food.  I will be back there soon)-Ian M.
4	Good food, Great Drink Prices and a good atmosphere!  Service is pretty good too.  They have a great draft beer selection and they have a beer/brewery of the month for only $2.50.I will definitely be back!
4	GREAT beer & liquor selection here!! Over 60 beers on tap, and probably over 200 bottles to choose from. Servers are usually very friendly, but if they're slammed, don't expect fast service. In my opinion the food is worth the wait. I've tried fried pickles at many different restaurants around Charlotte, but theirs are still my favorite. I also love their pizza. I usually get pepperoni and add fresh basil. My mom always gets the fajitas...and I always have to grab some of the chicken. Such great flavors in those fajitas!!
4	Not sure why it took me so long before my 1st visit, considering I have worked on this block of Park Road on-and-off for a long time.  I met up with my chicas after work on St. Patty's Day.  The place is small... but we didn't have to wait.  Thursday is their $2.50 Pint Night, and with some exclusions on the higher priced beer  there are still plenty of choices.  However I am almost beer illiterate, so it was like reading French when I was trying to decide on my beer order.  Ended up with a pilsner (you should be happy I remember that word...), it was still kind of hoppy for my taste.  Sometimes I just want to see the word Bud, or Miller.I ordered a 1/4 lb. Carolina Burger.  To my surprise, it is only $5.29 for that and it even comes with 1-side.  Sweet potato fries was delicious.  Their regular fries weren't bad either.  Most of the sandwiches/salad are around $8.99.  One of the girls ordered a salad and it was huge.  Service overall was decent, even after it got busy.  I give this place a solid approval.
4	great place to hang and watch sports .... great beer from what i hear (not a beer fan)..Food is always spectacular  and we always have had excellent service....
3	I stopped into Duckworth's early evening on a Saturday for a bite to eat before a cut of the hairs. I snagged a stool at the bar and grabbed the beer list. I'd say you are looking at about 50 on tap and 50 more in the bottle. You shouldn't be disappointed with their selection of brews. I ordered a cheesesteak sandwich that arrived in no more five minutes! It was average with some fairly standard sweet potato fries. I'll be back to check out DWs when Stone Brewing comes to down to take over the taps!
3	Came here once for a day lunch on a Saturday. They let you bring your dogs and we sat outside - I had a beer and the buffalo chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries - slightly above average but the sitting outside was the best part. Went back a week later for the evening drinking festivities and the inside beer selection was great, stayed for two drinks and bolted down Montford...
3	Well I finally made it to the new DGT location since my last review and I must say this space is a big improvement and the addition of a nice and large outdoor patio is also great. Atmosphere - Spacious, modern-ish, lively, mostly 20 somethings but kids and young parents are here too. Food - I had a boring grilled chicken sandwich w/ sweet potato fries. Boring not in taste but b/c it was just a boring order on my part. Oh, I also tried a special appetizer that they had for the day b/c it sounded interesting. It was a peanut butter & jelly flat bread w/ sliced banana and brie cheese. To bad it tasted awful as it was overcooked. Service - Friendly, but I would not say attentive as she did not correct the overcooked appetizer.Overall - The place is still okay and the new location is a nice improvement.  Just be careful when purchasing your appetizers. Note: This new location for Duckworth's is just down the street from the old location but the reviews and photos are still the same.  With that being said, some of the older photos on Yelp are not relevant anymore.
4	You'll find me here on a weekly basis. 36+ beers on tap that are rotated frequently. There is always something new to try. If a game is on TV, they'll have a TV for you to watch it on.The food is great for pub food. They have daily specials that the chef creates. If you have a chance to try the Blue cheese & spinach stuffed portabella mushroom take it! Definitely try the buffalo blue cheese chips or as I prefer buffalo blue cheese french fries.
3	I love beer so I must admit I was happy with the large selection of beers on tap.  Also, the $3.00 draft special for nearly everything on the draft menu didn't hurt either.  The food was great too!  I had the blue cheese chips - a delicious first for me, onion rings, and the classic Philly cheese steak.The only downfall was the service.  When I got there I was not greeted.  Although I was waiting for a buddy of mine, I was shocked that none of the five staff screwing around at the greeters stand said hello or welcome.  So, after roughly ten minutes, I went to the bar to wait  and got a beer.  I felt like the bar keep was inconvenienced by my presence.  How dare I order a beer!  The saving grace was my server once my friend arrived and we moved to a table.  Good job sir!  Although you were the best of the worst, I actually think you did a great job.  Your colleges need to take notes.
4	Came for drinks and a bite to catch up with a friend. Great beer selection. Very pleasant wait staff with good knowledge of beer list. Reminds me somewhat of Capital Ale House in Richmond, VA. I'll be back.
4	I've been here twice, once to eat and once for drinks.  They always seem to have some pretty decent drink specials.  When I was there to eat I had the club with sweet potato fries.  The club and fries with the honey mustard sauce were great and the price was very reasonable.  I will definitely be back to try some of their other eats.
4	Fantastic service, awesome beer selection draft and bottle, and great staff. Family friendly with a good tv selection.  Lesley was a great waitress.
4	Great beers! Foods ok. But I don't go there for the food. Make sure you have a DD. Tues and Thur $3 after tax beers.
3	Definitely not my favorite place in town, but it's not terrible, either.  The Baja Fish Tacos I had were very good, though the salsa was too sweet and not at all spicy for my taste.It's definitely a locals only kind of place.  I didn't get the best service at the bar, probably because the bartenders were clearly catering to the regulars who come in all the time.  I asked to have a TV changed to a Hurricanes game, and the manager had to approve it.  When the regular next to me wanted to see a Dallas Stars game, they changed it no problem...I also have a problem with a place that charges extra for seasonal beers. $6 for a 16oz pour of a seasonal beer from Asheville, NC is excessive when I know for a fact Highland charges the same for it as they do all of their beers.  It's price gouging at its finest.  At the same time, I was crazy enough to pay it cause the beer is that good.Oh well.  I might go back, might not.
3	I'm conflicted about this place. Lots of great beer on offer, but very little in the lager range. Food is okay, but not reliable in quality. Service is sort of hit and miss, can be good, can be indifferent. Take your chance, maybe you'll catch them on a good night.
3	The best part about coming to Duckworth's is the beer. With that being said, the best days to come and enjoy a beer are Tues & Thurs when most of the 50 or so beers they have on draft are $3.00. Those are the best nights to come and experiment with new beers and try something different. The food is a little bit above average bar food, nothing special going on here. The service isn't bad either. Be warned, if you come on $3 beer night it might be tough to find a table.
4	$3 craft beer drafts on Thursdays = a beer snob's dreamI live in Jersey City, so to get $3 drafts anywhere is a rarity and a treat. Perhaps I should visit my family in Charlotte more often. Bartenders were friendly and there were TVs everywhere for lots of sports-watching. Crowd seemed a little fratty though.
4	So at first this place was always marketed as a great place to get a Philly-style cheese steak.  Which I've had, and they are excellent.  What do I normally get here?  Wings.  Their wings (either the Hot or the Hotter Hot which are quite hot) are excellent.  Perfect amount of sauce, heat, and crisp.Two more important things regarding Duckworth's.1) Excellent beer list, well rotated, fresh, and with something for every palate.2) Excellent ownership/management - They do a wonderful job taking care of their guests and are very knowledgeable on everything they serve.Definitely a place to try for some casual dining and beer tasting.  Also a good place to watch sports, as there are plenty of TVs.
5	great beer selection. decent food for a bar. Nachos are the best in my opiniononly problem is the smell in the place
4	Food is certainly not why I would roll in here.  That being said it's a great place to grab a cold one.  They have I think 60 selections of beer and most importantly the staff seems well versed in the types of beer, etc.  That's a plus for an inquisitive guy like me.  I had the cobb salad and it was just fine.  Topped with grilled chicken and dressed in a vinegarette dressing to finish it off.  My favorite part (I think I noted this in my review of the other Duckworths) is the $3.00 nightly drafts.  It's not just the crappy beer included in that!  I had a fantastic IMP IPA while I was there.  This location, while furnished with comfy booths, etc. still isn't the size of the one over in Ballantyne.  It's probably half the size or smaller I think.
3	Unreal beer selection!  The food is fine - I had the wings which were meaty and hot.  I also got the mozzarella sticks - who can screw those up?  Prices are reasonable and they had Hopslam - YUM - for $6 bucks a bottle Monday night.  Awesome!!  They said they have a good inventory of it so we will definitely be back when we run out!The atmosphere of this place is pretty relaxed.  Plenty of large screen tvs for watching the games.  The booths are really comfy and looks out on busy Park Road.  The service was friendly and fine.  This past Monday it seemed like a family place but probably for sports games it fills up.  I will definitely be back if I am in the neighborhood!
5	I am here far to much to have not written a review. BEER! BEER! BEER! Now I know what you are thinking, "Another Taco Mac, Flying Saucer, etc etc" NO. They have the beer but they also have something unique... SERVICE and good food. You really can't go wrong here. Everyday they have some kind of food special as well as tues and thurs they have $3 drafts. I enjoy this place not just for the ridiculous amounts of beer but the fact that the list is always different. They are constantly add new and removing old. Some rarities and some favorites. Everything I have had food related has been great. I dont know what they do to their fries but both the sweet potato fries and regular are stellar. One thing to note. If you arent there on a tues or thurs for the draft special, go for the flight. 4 draft beers of your choice for $6, smaller pours obviously but much more beer and taste for your buck. This is definitely a good place for a beer and the game. Plenty of TVs no matter where you are in the restaurant.
5	I went here with Andrew H. so that's an automatic +1 star rating. Not that this place needs it - their beer selection is quite nummy. After a tasty dinner at Three Amigos my buddy and I decided to come on over to the best part of Montford for a few drinks and to chill on the patio and enjoy the spring sun. The waiter was super helpful on our arrival and recommended some brews that we were sure to enjoy.After finishing my first stout I spotted that they sell $6 beer samplers. This is a GREAT deal because they have quite an extensive menu. I generally know what I want in a beer so everything I sampled was good (I think 2 more stouts, an IPA and a Hefeweizen). My buddy also got a sampler so we were able to mix and match.All in all a good spot. I look forward to trying their food on the next visit.
4	Clean, classy, casual, spacious and friendly staff helps complete a good experience here but I am distracted by the many wonderful beers to choose from. Not to mention a wonderful selection of liquors. I haven't even got to the food yet, amazing.Nachos, burgers and beers really hit the spot for me but also try the grilled chicken, you won't be disappointed.
5	Great beer selection, excellent staff. Terrific location to watch the game.Nachos, Philly Cheesesteaks, and Wings are their top dogs.
3	I got to Duckworths around 6pm on a Wed. it was packed! We had to sit outside because the bar was full. I usually come for the cheesesteaks which are ok (it's to best I can find around me. I'd say a 6 out of 10). When we told are waiter that we weren't ordering food he flaked on us. Sitting outside has its downsides but taking 15 minutes for another beer is a little much. They do however have a hefty choice of beers that I will be back to try... from the bar... inside.
4	My group of 4 ended up at Duckworth's as a last choice (the restaurant we wanted to go to had a two-hour wait). I reluctantly agreed to "bar-food," but was delighted when I realized what a gem this place is! We sat on the patio and enjoyed people watching the early-Montford crowd.The menu is big with lots of appealing choices for diners. My boyfriend and I split a cheesesteak (recommended by the people eating with us) and a side salad. He also got some Sweet Heat wings which he said were very tasty -- although he would have liked a smaller option than the 10 wings. The side salad was big and tasty. I expected a nasty, small garden salad (you know what I'm talking about), but this was pretty good! The cheesesteak was delicious; we opted for the "Steak and Egg" and, while we had hoped the egg would be fried on top of the steak when it was actually scrambled in with the meat (?), I definitely didn't mind the extra protein. As a Northerner, I'd happily go back here when I need my grease-fix. The boardwalk fries were nothing to rave about, but we didn't mind since we were so full from the sandwich anyway. Thanks, Duckworth's!
5	To highlight from my last experience. Please read below"It seems like I am here more than I am at my house. Katie and Larry do an awesome job every time I am here. Tonight... Not so much. Didn't know this bartender but apparently the NFL fantasy football draft was more important than the hungry bar guests sitting directly in front of them. One of which included the manager on a laptop. When I asked to order something I was not heard and the bartender left for a smoke break. Hmmm not a good way to end. Went to spend my money somewhere else. I'll wait for Katie and Larry to be here."The wicked witch is dead.... Kidding... kind of. BUT on the good stuff. Duckworths Management more than made up for the blunder experience. These are great people that want to make sure you are taken care of. As soon as I walked in the door after my review a Kurtis (bar manager) immediately apologized and treated me to a gift card, made sure everything was top notch and has done so every time I have seen him since. Great rebound Duckworths. I shall continue my patronage until the beer ceases to flow. Thanks.
3	As other reviewers have mentioned, the beer selection is great, but.... no Guinness on tap!?!  Isn't there a rule about this, somewhere?  That to be considered a bar with a good beer selection you have to have the real King-of-Beers on tap?  Out of a bottle does not do my Guinny any justice.  The food is bar food but for a vegetarian, it is a terrible selection.  The salads are not good.  HUGE but not tasty.  My husband liked the wings just fine.  Too many other places with beer selection and good food for this to my go-to bar.  Or to be a go-again bar.
4	Stopped at Duckworth's recently to celebrate our anniversary by chance; our first choice has a long wait and I'd been wanting to try Duckworth's for some time.  I'd heard that the beer selection was quite good and was not disappointed in that regard.  They featured a nice sampling of local, regional and national craft beers both on draft and in bottle.  And best of all it was $3 dollar Tuesday.  The menu is extensive and the four of us ordered different items, ranging from a sandwich to a salad to an entree.  The portion sizes were large and represented a good value for the money.  Good was tasty and nicely prepared and all at the table enjoyed the meal.  I'll return again, although it is a bit of a drive for us so it won't be on a regular basis.  It would make for a great neighborhood hangout.
5	In town for a visit and what a great discovery!! The beer selection could be the best I've ever seen and blows away any place in NYC i can think of including the Ginergerman, DBA , blind tiger. Different atmosphere than any of the NYC places and is more of a local sports bar , but man what a selection of fresh tap beers, bottle beers served by an extremely knowledgeable bartenders. Great wings, good pizza . Thankfully I don't live near this place or I'd be divorced.
3	Recently stopped into Duckworths after a day spent on Montford Drive. This was my firist visit to this location, since the one at Ballantyne is just around the corner from work & home.  On this vist, we were just stopping in for drinks and did not have anything to eat. The place was not tremendously busy since we arrived before busy dinner hour. However, service was a bit on the slow side. Of course, they have a great selection of beer, so that sort of helps make up for the so-so service.
4	Hooray beer!Duckworth's is THE place to go if you are in Myers Park and find yourself with a bit of thirst. They have an impressively large selection on draft (including seasonals and hard-to-find-on-tap beers) and an even more expansive selection in bottles. All styles, flavors, and nationalities are represented.As others have said, the food is bar food, but decently done for what it is. My go-to are their hot dogs. Toasted buns and franks exploding with juicy goodness. The perfect thing to help wash down your beer.The staff is friendly and fun, and pretty fast and responsive, given how busy this place is. It's relaxed with no pretenses. It's quiet enough to hold a conversation but not so quiet that you feel dumb for yelling at the idiot ref on TV. If you haven't been yet, you're really missing out.
3	Avg food, mediocre service. Does have good beers.  For all the beers they have staff should be more knowledgeable.
2	Updating my review based on a recent experience.  Pros continue to be their beer selection and cheese steaks, however after ordering out while we enjoyed a few craft beers, we were given an embarrassingly small amount of ice cold garlic fries.  Thankfully our server fixed the problem with hot fries that were a reasonable portion size while we sipped on a few more beers (not comp'd).  We had the philly cheese steak with wiz (still surprisingly good for NC), and pizza.  I don't understand why they offer pizza at all, the pie was absolutely terrible and was a poorly disguised frozen model.  If you want pizza, save your money and go with Red Baron out of the freezer section - you wont be able to tell the difference and might even enjoy it more.We'll be back but more judicious with our selections.
5	The food was great, service was fast....I ordered bbq chicken flat bread and my friend order buffalo chicken wrap with garlic fries!!!! All I can say is yess gawd ::-) !!#!###### we'll be back
3	Love the beer list and food is good but the service is spotty. Servers tend to be really slow. If they can improve it, it would be first on our list all the time. Cobb salad for $13.99 is CRAZY!!!
3	Awesome beer selection and a great place to watch Sunday ticket. However eat before you leave the house, even for bar food it was pretty bad. If I could I'd give it 5 stars for pretty much the best on tap beer selection in Charlotte and 2 stars for the food
4	First thing that came to my mind... Long bar - long row of draft beers - yes. I came here to try out some of their beers and eat their food. I asked the bartender to give me the sampler with the highest ABV content that they had... And lets say they hooked me up.A few stouts in, I decided to order their original Philly steak. Instead of provolone cheese though, I instead got mozzarella on it. Just because I just love that stringy cheese on it! (My friend got the white American, but we all know my cheese was more stringy)Fries was a little bit too salty for my taste, even though they were restaurant made and cut. That isn't bad, but still a little salty. Service was great, the bartender helped me and explained all the beers and described how they tasted which helped me decide which one was the best. I had the Avery stout which was a fruity type of stout that I thought was the best. (Don't go for my word on it though, my bartender left telling me that and I'm not too sure off that info is correct) If I lived close by here though, I would probably come here for a beer a day. Overall, I definitely will come back here just to drink. Nice vibe, good amount of tv's for your sports junkies, and beeeeerrrrr. I definitely recommend to come by and check this place out.
5	My husband and I go here almost every Friday! Half price bottles and great food!
4	Love the beer selection. Great variety and staff will help you choose what you want. Food is great too, definitely more of a variety than most bars. Service can be off some nights but for the most part it is a great place to go for a beer. Half off drafts on Tuesday, half off wine bottles on Fridays.
4	Excellent selection with knowledgeable staff!  Gorgonzola & apple flatbread was delicious - way better than you would expect from a bar!  Would definitely go again!
4	This place closes at two am every day so you can come almost any waking moment and have their yummy boneless wings in almost any sauce you want!  parking is annoying because the lot is small and they share it with a couple of other places but keep driving around and youll find something!
4	Needs more Boulevard!
5	2013 Battle of the Casks is an awesome event. Many of the local breweries are represented with their best casks of beer. We tasted and laughed and "tasted" some more in the parking lot, then they moved all the kegs inside for us to continue the party! You stay classy, Duckworth's Grill & Taphouse.
4	I really like this restaurant - food and service are always fantastic and the beer list is phenomenal!!! The location is a great place to start a fun night, there are several other bars within walking distance on Montford Street. The area is low-key, fun and a much better atmosphere than Uptown, especially for people in their mid to late 20's. I especially love that they have Fruli on tap, I fell in love with the strawberry beer in London a couple years ago and have not been able to find it anywhere else in town.
3	Ho-hum.It is a great spot to go to when other places around me are closed or too far away to drive to when I am hungry. This establishment is convenient that they close a lot later.Venue - your typical bar-sy place. Yet I would say its cleaner and cool. Definitely not dirty, otherwise, I wouldn't come back here again. Food - I like their ribs/wings combo you can order. The ribs are good, little on the dry side, but still edible. The wings are alright, but very greasy (aren't wings greasy anyways?). I had an opportunity to order mushroom burger, on other day that I came here. It was decent. *shrugs*Drinks - they have my favorite wine-Belgian beer, Linderman's Framboise! I would be back for an outing at the bar area, with friends.
4	The service and food were fine. I enjoyed my Philly Cheesesteak and garlic fries. I also really enjoyed the zucchini fries we had as an appetizer. Everyone else enjoyed their food as well, for the most part. MY one complaint is they seated the five of us at a table that really should have been a four top. There was another table right behind us in the same situation. While the rest of the area was empty, we were placed right on top of one another. They could have easily pulled two tables together and given us more room. Even as the place got busier, there were many tables left empty. AS I mentioned, the service was quite friendly and on top of refills, etc. The food was tasty and hot. This is not something that will keep me from coming back again, but (admittedly, I have a larger than average personal air space) it does factor into my enjoyment overall when I am having trouble banging knees with others, overlapping utensils, and finding a place for all the plates.
4	Great beer selection, and great specials. $3 drafts on Tuesdays and Thursdays!!The food is slightly above average bar food. Try out the cheesesteak, it's pretty good.
4	I don't remember much about this place except for one of the drink specials they had the night I was there- $5 Patron shots.. Ya I definitely took advantage of that.. 4 stars!
4	The food is very competent american/bar food, definitely no slouch in that arena, but the reason to go is the dozens and dozens of taps.And it isn't just that they have a lot of taps, it is that they have cultivated a diverse selection of hard to find styles from belgians to barleywines, and hard to find breweries from the east coast, to the midwest to the northeast. It really is great to find hometown favorites on tap (That taste so much better not in a bottle).Tuesday and Thursday as 3.50 (including tax) beer day, very few are excluded from the special.
5	Never had anything we didn't love. Don't leave without trying the sweet potato fries. Service is great!
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in here over the weekend as I had heard about the great beer selection.  We had no idea what to expect otherwise and we were pleasantly surprised.  The beer selection is outstanding and well priced.  Looking at the specials menu, it seems like they have great specials everyday of the week!We tried the wings and they were amazing!  The menu is pretty extensive and is better than the average bar food... I had tacos and my boyfriend opted for the Carolina BBQ.  We were both very happy with our meals.  The portions were also very generous so we had leftovers.Prices are reasonable and this place is very casual and has a good atmosphere. It's a great place to grab dinner or just grab a beer in the bar and watch a game.  Lots of TVs all around.  We will definitely be back!
4	Been to duckworths a few times for dinner and for drinks with friends. It's a pretty straight forward restaurant bar. Tvs all around. Good selection of beers. Nice food selections. One of the best things about duckworths (IMHO) is that it's open late. It's tough to find a casual spot open late in or near South Park. This is one of our go-to spots when it's late. I also like taco Mac during times like this, but some people find it too big and overwhelming with all of the TVs, countless beer options and so on. Duckworths has the feel of a more intimate sports bar. I like it.I can't type another word without talking about their food. Specifically their wings. I love their wings! Recently a group of five of us went and split 24 wings and fries and just had a lovely time. I've tried other things (ribs, chicken tenders, salads), but now that I've tried their wings, I'm going to keep coming back for them. They do have daily food and drink specials which are also definitely worth considering. Service was quick and friendly and the prices aren't bad at all. I'd recommend it!
4	Awesome food. the Garlic fries were amazing as well as a special philly for the week with fontana cheese on it. Cant wait to come back and try some of their HUGE beer selection!
5	I had the Chicken Quesadillas here last week and they were awesome!  Chris was our waiter and he did a great job.  Five Stars all the way!  :)
5	This is our new favorite spot! The food was great, I had the chicken pesto sandwich and yum! It was delicious. My husband had ribs and wings, both great. The grilled corn is amazing too. I am not a beer drinker but our server Ryan noticed that I like Frambois and suggested some different beers that were really good! We will definitely be going back!
3	They have a policy of carding everyone who orders alcohol.  I think those policies are too rigid and just kinda harass people who are plenty old enough to drink.  I refuse to order alcohol at and place with such policies.For those of you who don't care about my stand against invading privacy...their food is really good.  Much better than other places in town with so many beers (Taco Mac, Flying Saucer).  Their cheesesteaks are the signature dish, but even their salads are pretty good.  They have a great selection of beer and run good specials during the week (now $3.50, formerly $3) on pints so the bar gets packed on those nights.  Parking is a problem since the lot in front is small so you may need to park on Montford or in the adjacent shopping center and walk.
5	Been thinking about the excellent tap beer selection and fantastic sweet potato fries since my last visit to Charlotte 10 months ago. I was finally able to visit again. The staff is efficient and knowledgable about the many beers on tap. The fresh beef burgers are excellent and filling. The environment is fun, if a little loud. All of this, and reasonable prices too!
4	Nice looking place tons of TV's there is not a blind place to be found. Excellent beer list with tons of drafts and bottles. I tested them by getting a bottle to see if they brought a glass. All beer should be poured you don't drink wine right from the box!! Not only did I get a glass but they poured it too!  The food menu is very respectable with the normal bar food. Today I got the ribeye and it was delicious. We have been here many times and will continue to come.
5	This is basically the fox & hound with better food, more TVs and better beer selection/specials. It makes me sad we don't have this place in Tulsa. Great place to watch NFL on Sundays!
3	Cant recommend the buffalo chicken or bacon chicken wraps my wife and I just ate. The buffalo has very little heat and is no where close to the traditional flavor you expect. The Bacon chicken wrap was bland. The banana pepper appetizer was on point though - good stuff.
2	I really WANT to give Duckworth's a higher rating, but they fucked themselves on this one.The good: The fish tacos were "okay." Grilled fish, decent flavor profile. Tortillas, meh. Not very good. But I'm a tortilla snob. If you're going to offer em, make em fresh.The Philly Cheesesteak was unbelievable. Best cheesesteak I've had since the last time I was in Philly. Awesome.The bad:The service fucking sucks. Let me be clear: it doesn't just suck, it FUCKING SUCKS. It was slow, lazy and they got an order completely wrong. The meal came out slowly, which was not that horrible, but noticeable. Still, I thought the restaurant deserved a solid four stars. But as the meal was ending, my dining companion ordered potato skins to-go to bring to his wife. As she was pregnant and had an aversion to certain foods, he very clearly and explicitly ordered the potato skins without onions or bacon.Well, I'll bet you can guess what kind of merry-go-fucking-fuck-coaster came next, right? It took a half an hour after we were done eating (and twenty minutes after we'd paid for the damn things) for the potato skins to come out. And when they did, guess fucking what? Onions and bacon up on that bitch. Needless to say, my friend and I were livid. We got the manager and his saving grace (and the only reason why this restaurant gets two stars) is he quickly fixed it. Skins were back out sans onions and bacon and  the amount we paid for them was quickly refunded. Good to know there's one competent person in this restaurant.I guess maybe some day I can be convinced to go back, but those idiot fucking servers had better tremble if they see my face in that restaurant again. Because if they fuck up, I will come down on that restaurant like the Hammer of Thor.(With apologies to It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.)
3	I'm here based on Yelp. Great tap bar. Had a Terra give me her favorite 4 paleAles in the sampler. The Bells Oberon was best. Had the moomamoo wings and bold and spicy wings in a 10 wing special. Bothe were great! Wings were average size:( A serving of 10 met my needs.Besides the beer sampler, I had a "Strawberry Wit" beer blend. It was fabulous.Dessert was fair. I had pumpkin praline pie. Asked for alamode and Terra said the don't have ice cream:(. She got me some whipping cream. The pie was terrific, like a cheese cake. Did not need alamode. Glad I didn't order the choc cake. Terra served bar. She was terrific!
5	Cory/"Beer Boy" is on point well done great specials tues/thurs. Food is always fresh-Adam
5	We came here on a Friday night around 6p before it really filled up. We were seated quickly and our drink orders were taken. This place has quite the selection of craft beers on tap, I was amazed at the variety of local beers on draft. We tried some wings and they were incredible good. The pizza was just good but it hit the spot. My buddy's kid ordered a kiddie dish of wings with the sweet bbq sauce and it was a little to spicy for the kid and I was extremely impressed at how one of the staff could tell by observing that something wasn't cool and he came over and asked. He had no problems bringing a new order of wings for the child. Throughout our meal the service was probably some of the best service I have experienced in a long time even for the place being completely packed. Be careful though trying to make your way to the restrooms it is a little confusing and it is easy to go into the wrong one if you aren't paying attention. That happened to me HA!
5	Best place in town to get a cheesesteak. Service, atmosphere and food are fantastic. Tons of TV's for the big game!  My favorite sub is the chicken philly with cheese whiz.
5	I wanted a good beer with a burger that was imperfectly formed and crisp at the edges in a place that felt like a tavern, the antithesis of a fast food burger joint. And that is exactly what I got. I loved it!Excellent beer selection. The Green Flash Hop Odyssey Cedar Plank tasted of hops and cedar, the most tasteful beer I ever had. Ask for a sample.  Steven is a smart barkeep. (The beer menu lists alcohol content.).
4	Duckworth's is a great place for anyone who loves beer. They have a great selection of beers which can sometimes be overwhelming. I asked the waiter for a suggestion and he was very helpful and educated on the beer list. I had a Great Lakes Christmas Ale and have been trying to find them in the store ever since! He made sure we didn't ever have an empty glass through the night and had lots of suggestions. The menu is very extensive and I have always really liked the options I've tried. This visit, I had a bacon chicken wrap and french fries. No complaints! It's really good bar food, it's not a 5 star restaurant. Good service, good food, great beer!
5	Love the beer and food selection here! Had the Sweet n Bold Gold wings and they were scrumptious. Best part was that they were only 75 cents each. If you are looking for a good place to watch the game, I'd definitely recommend this place...lots of seating with good view of the tv! Can't wait to come back and watch my Panthers win the playoffs!
5	Great bar food and the BEST sweet potato fries that I've had in Charlotte. Easy going atmosphere and the kiddos ate for free because it was Wednesday.
5	Two more visits. Everything still excellent including some of the best pizza. I haven't seen this much oil in the bottom of a pan since I switched my car to Pennzoil.  Damn it was good.
4	The beer selection is always good. The food has been ok but improving. Good local environment and tons of seating. Will always come here when wanting good beer and good atmosphere.
3	My cousin has worked the bar scene in Charlotte for a decade and normally takes me to Taco Mac, but with it being a NFL Sunday and Taco Mac slammed we came here. The food is comparable to Taco Mac, as is the service, but this is a smaller footprint with great TV, less noise and a more low-key crowd. She ordered wings, which she enjoyed and I ordered a chicken salad, which was fine. Yep, the food isn't to rave about, but it's puts Hooter's to shame.
5	You have to come here! Visiting from FL and I wish there was one back home! Came to watch the playoff game and have some wings. Our server Cory was awesome, very attentive and gave us honest suggestions of the menu. We ordered the hot and garlic Parmesan wings (perfectly cooked and crispy)  the Philly  and blue cheese chips. Everything was prompt, hot, had great presentation and Atmosphere was great and packed! We will be back tomorrow night before heading home to FL. Trust me when I say you would be missing out!
5	We had wonderful beer, awesome waitress, and great food! My boyfriend and I wanted to try new beers and our waitress gave use three different samples of beers to try. The food was really good. My boyfriend got the Philly Cheesesteak Supreme and he loved it. I had the boneless wings. I loved it too.
5	First Duckworths I visited, still a favorite even if I don't frequent this as often as I'm not on this side of town as much. Still highly recommend, though Montfort has a lot of other great offerings.
4	Beer o'clock, we dropped into Duckworth's with some sports on the television and a medium busy crowd of after work folks. We took two seats at the bar and ordered our beers. With the beers, a plate of "ultimate chicken nachos" that took about ten minutes to arrive while we sipped at beer.You don't want to order this by yourself. In fact, it's probably too much for just two people. A full pound of nachos (we were told they fry them here in the kitchen rather than buy them already cooked) and a pound of grilled chicken with a lot of melted cheese, chopped onions and scoops of sour cream and guacamole. We had the jalapenos on the side. It went down well, though I was bummed there were no refried beans under those chips. Isn't that how nachos are supposed to be done?Anyway, our bartender was friendly and a nice enough guy even if he is a Jets fan.
4	Let's keep it short and sweet...here's everything you need to know about this place:Yes parking sucks...BUT$3.50 drafts Tuesday and Thursday! Yep! Over 50 drafts on tap! It's okay go ahead and do your happy dance. I know I did! Order the Smothered Fries! Don't even think about passing these up. They are worth every bite. Not to mention they use REAL bacon, load them up with cheese and give you a side of ranch dressing for dipping. Shut up. So good. Am I a fan?! Of course!
5	Yum.  I have been here a few times and have ALWAYS had good service.  Servers seem always be helping each other out.  Severs know the menu quite well. Try to hit it on the off times becuse parking is stressful.
4	Nice atmosphere and a little bit of everything on the menu to satisfy anyone in your group. Staff is knowledgable about the beer they serve and very polite and courteous and quick.
4	A very tasty cheese steak and home made chips. The server was pleasant and efficient in waiting on me.
3	Expensive bar food and expensive beer, but some beers are worth the price.  Highly suggest going on $3 pint nights.I went on a Friday night and 9 kegs had been tapped out and weren't replaced.  One of which was the special of the day.  If you are out of your special, make something else cheaper.  I had already eaten dinner, so I didn't need any of their overpriced food.  After I drank my one beer we left.  Outside of pint nights, I just don't think this place is for me.
5	Great selection of solid crafts on tap.  Not the crap you find everywhere else, the good stuff.  a healthy selection of local and regionals too.  Can be a bit crowded, but service was some of the best I've had that type of environment before, including NYC.  Bartenders were always moving around and not afraid to ask if you were ready for another one.  So many times, in busy places like that, you tend to get forgotten about and passed over by louder people or people flailing their arms everywhere.  I'm quiet and I don't flail my arms, but I got plenty of prompt attention.  Do not miss if you are a craft nerd.
5	Duckworths was surprisingly great! The service was awesome and our food was hot and delicious! I enjoyed it! I will recommend and visit again. I hear that the pizza is good too!
4	Awesome beer selection and the nachos are the best! Tues/Thurs $3.50 draft beers are a great deal!
2	Not much to analyze....this is more Sysco slop straight off the truck.  Minimal prep required with minimal generic taste to match.  Salads drowned in dressing with the dressing full of enough MSG to swell your ankles up for a week.Dazzling array of beers tempered by the knowledge that half of them aren't very good.  Must echo the review on this page noting that checking IDs of people obviously well beyond age 21 insults the intelligence of all concerned and tends to sour the relationship with the bartender from the word go.  Smug buttons with 'We ID everybody' don't compensate for legal overkill, intellectual laziness and a lack of common sense.Too many of today's parents of young children believe that any place serving food is fair game for the little darlings even if the establishment in question is primarily a bar.  One mother, who apparently was an employee but off-duty, brought the little heathen 'Crawford' (groan) over to sit him on the bartop where he grabbed straws and napkins out of the caddy and hurled them in random directions.  Of course, mom thought this was adorable - adults trying to enjoy an adult beverage somewhat less so.I don't smoke but perhaps a rethink of smoking bans is warranted if it prevents every establishment from becoming a branch of Chuck E. Cheese.it's a shame that local places have fallen prey to the same assembly line mentality as their corporate competition.  Duckworth's tastes like Chili's tastes like Applebee's tastes like Friday's.   Given that all are buying the same raw materials from the same vendor this shouldn't be a surprise but it is nevertheless discouraging trying to find a place where they actually use recipes rather than reading directions on the side of a box.  The quest continues.
4	Duckworth's is a great place to go and grab a unique craft beer and some good bar food with friends or colleagues after work. It is also a good place to catch a game, or watch America's recent obsession, the World Cup. The food here is much better than I expected. According to the menu, the owners of the place started Duckworth's to bring the taste of Philly down south and put their own spin on the Philly Cheese Steak. With this in mind, I ordered the Steak and Egg Philly. Now I'm not claiming to be a Philly Cheese Steak expert, because I'm far from it, but this thing was impressive. It came with grilled onions, egg, steak, and your choice of cheese. I chose Pepper Jack  of course. The steak was tender and very moist and the combination of the egg and melted cheese gave it a great texture and taste. I definitely would recommend trying it out. The cheese steaks aren't the only upside to this place. I've also had their wraps, which are above average for bar food. And I've heard great things about their pizzas, although I've never had it personally. The place has a good atmosphere that is geared toward the craft beer nerds (I embrace this title). There were tap handles lining the ceilings, a display of different craft beer bottles behind a plexi-glass window, and a map of the U.S. with the corresponding beer labels in each state. There is also a nice patio that is great for a summer's night. The best thing about this place is the beer. They have a rotating tap of all of the craft beers you could want. They normally have some locals (NoDa Brewing, Olde Hickory, Bird Song etc..), but they also have some favorites from around the country (Bell's, Stone, Founder's, etc...). The best way to test the waters and take advantage of the great beer selection is to get the Sampler, which is only $6. They also have a beer club where you can rack up prizes for trying all of their different beers. I'm a sucker for these Beer Club Membership rewards, and will probably end up going here 3-4 times a week. This is a great local option for a good craft beer, good bar food, and a good atmosphere. I will definitely continue to go and would recommend stopping in for at least a pint.
4	60 beers on tap. Sixty. Six-zero. I'm not even the biggest beer drinker, but hot damn that selection makes me feel like I need one every time I come here.I will look over the menu and try to force myself to order something else, but I just can''t stray away from the Phillys. They are so ridiculously yummy here. My go to: buffalo chicken Philly... add banana peppers. Sometimes I get it with Cheese Whiz. I know, I know... I'm awful. When I do have some self control here, I go with the salmon salad and ask for the fish to be cooked in one of the wing sauces. I like terriyaki-hot. I enjoy going here with a group in hopes that I can steal a wing or piece of pizza from someone. Lay off me, I'm starving.This location has drink specials every day. Tuesdays and Thursdays all the drafts are $3.50. Gah, is it pumpkin beer season yet?!One big downfall: the parking situation is awful. That's the problem for this entire Montford area. I was bummed to move away from this hood and being just a couple blocks away from here. However, I am super excited about their new location set to open Uptown in the old Fox and Hound. Staff tell me to expect that to open around January.
4	They have the best draft beer selection in the neighborhood! And Tuesdays and Thursdays are $3.50 pint nights. If you're a single gal, it's very man heavy those nights ;) The food can be hit or miss sometimes. But they have the best fried pickles in town and I do like the Smokehouse Philly. Overall, it's a good place to hang for beers.
2	Went to meet a friend and was excited about the beer selection. $3.50 draft night was great. However, our server gave us the feeling that we were more of an inconvenience for him. Wasn't very welcoming. The buffalo blue cheese chips could have used more toppings. My boyfriend ordered the pizza special. You receive 9 toppings for $11.99. He informed our server that he was a pescatarian (only eats seafood). The server had to ask the kitchen if he could substitute shrimp. Of course the answer was yes. About two slices in, not realizing because of how hungry we were, he noticed bacon pieces all over the pizza. When we told the server his response was "I'll have them make another one." No apology or expression at all. After that of course we didn't want another one. Took about 5 minutes for the manager to come over. Of course he apologized and took the pizza off. Feeding meat to someone that doesn't eat meat is a pretty big deal. The pizza was taken off but that was it. They even left the pizza on the table. Why would we want a reminder of the mistake that occurred and stare at a pizza you can't eat. I expect a lil more compensation for something like that. Not looking for a free meal in any way. In a situation like that, i would expect more than just taking off the mistake. I just there needs to be more personality and care from the employees and management.
3	Duckworth's is a cool spot.  I have been going to this location since they opened.  Their food used to be better priced.   what happened to $7 chicken nachos ya bastids? Their beer menu as of late can be very hit or miss.  I think they need to get more locals in like trip C, birdsong, noda, and mix it with rarer beers to this area.  It is usually a decent time, but some things have changed for the worst.
4	Duckworth's is the best place in Charlotte for craft beer.  Hands Down.This is a place I go anytime I am in the area to try some new beers or enjoy one of my favorites.  The taps constantly rotate and they always have a good selection of seasonals/rarities (Think Stone Enjoy By)Beer flights are relatively inexpensive and give you a chance to try a bit of everything on the 60+ tap menu.There is something for everyone, from your most basic of beers to some of the rarest beers in the country.  They have a number of local brews as well as beers from around the world.  The bartenders are well versed in the craft beer scene and will answer any question you throw at them or give you a suggestion on what to tryThe beer by itself can be a bit on the expensive side but remember you are paying for quality, not quantity.The food Menu consists of awesome bar fare and snacks.  I can't get over how good their Philly Cheesesteaks are.  The Smokehouse Philly was one of the better sandwiches I've had at a "chain" restaurant.  The Buffalo Chicken Nachos are also very unique and delicious. I was somewhat surprised by the high price of the food bill (Nachos were 14.99, sandwich 13.99).For Sports, Duckworth's has all the Major sports packages, which is a plus for an out of towner like myself.If I had 1 complaint it's that the servers aren't too attentive to your needs.  I've asked to have a game put on only to have to ask multiple times before it was changed.  Same for refills, napkins, ect.  Also parking is a bit scarce in the area but not too bad with a strip mall next to it.Overall this is a great place to enjoy a beer and snack.  I look forward to coming back every time.
4	Clearly the first thing I have to say is that the parking leaves much to be desired... But! If you go during the day, it's not nearly as bad... Now that we've got that out of the way, this place rocks... I love the beer selection because they've got something for everybody... They have options for fries that are out of this world... The garlic fries were so yummy and the boardwalk ones with the Old Bay and malt vinegar? Omigosssssh. Straight yum.  I've even had a salad that surprised the heck out of me with its goodness... Their Spring Mix with the feta, cranberries and pecans was amazing... And I'm not a huge salad fan...The service is consistently solid here and they have decent daily specials... Give it a shot! You won't be disappointed... :)
4	Very wide selection of beer. Don't get too comfortable with a beer, one month it's there and the next month it may be gone. Food is pretty good too. A little loud and somewhat crowded at night but lunch time is usually not as busy.
5	My review of this place is super late considering the fella and I come here at least once or twice a month.Unlike some other places, DWs puts as much emphasis on quality as quantity. The 60 taps are always thoughtful, sometimes rare, and obviously plentiful. The bartenders are incredibly knowledgeable, and they take their beer seriously, but they aren't snooty about it. The fella is a beer nerd, and I'm a total novice, and we both love it. Even the food is surprisingly delicious for "bar food."We typically go during the day on a Saturday, so neither the parking lot nor the inside is very crowded, but this is always our go-to when we're looking for a comfy, casual place to drink. There are a bazillion TVs in the bar and the restaurant, and they have free wi-fi, so it's a great place to watch a game or just hang out with friends.
4	Good food! Huge portion! The price is not so bad either. We ordered summer salad, grilled salmon, and Philly cheesesteak. All pretty good! Haven't tried their fajita, but smells really good! Will try next time!
5	Good beer. Great bartender.  Definitely would recommend. Make sure to try their cheese steak, fries and deal of the day. It's a good atmosphere and is nice for close friends, couples and coworkers. I'd recommend it anytime!
5	Great service. Awesome place to come and watch some football. Waitress was great and helped me select a beer that I wouldn't have chosen otherwise. One of my favorite spots in Charlotte.
4	I cannot believe I have not made it to Duckworth's before now, but SO happy I gave it a try, and look forward to my next visit.I arrived shortly after noon on Sunday, craving a Bloody Mary. After being carded, ha ha, I received one of the best drinks I have had in a while. It had a great spice with a hint of heat, which I love, and two olives. Perfect !Having never been before I asked my waiter for his recommendation out of the sandwiches. He recommended the Chicken Filet sandwich in a wrap. I went with his choice. The wrap arrived, chicken grilled too perfection, and a lot of it, with bacon, shredded lettuce, cheese, mayo and honey mustard.  It hit the spot and although a little messy I would definitely get it again. I chose the tator tots as my side, hot and cooked perfectly, although a little greasy, but every once in while everyone needs a little grease. While I enjoyed the games on the multiple TVs I saw some great salads go by, ribs, and smelled the amazing fajitas being served on a sizzling platter. Look forward to checking out more of Duckworth's menu. And, one added bonus, I thought the customer service was outstanding. Not only was my waiter attentive and friendly the Manager arrived to make sure everything was okay. And, he continued to visit tables during my entire visit, something you do not see too often these days. Great Job!
4	One place I always forget exist in Charlotte..Not in a bad way, somewhere I do enjoy going to without burning the place out by going every weekend like I do some places.This establishment has a fair amount of TV's with a very open beer selection. That is one thing that I love is the beer. The food is really good to, I enjoy getting the pizza and love their apps. Most people I know would label this place as a "BAR" but I look at it different only because they have very good food.
4	Great "Gastro Pub" type eatery! The staff was friendly and very knowledgeable. The food and beer selection was also ample, even had a few California beers on there for me!
3	Food was good- very generous with their fresh mozzarella on the caprese sandwich. However, server forgot my drink until the food arrived and I didn't see her to ask. My father is 80 and wanted to watch a specific game without having to turn his head. We politely asked if we could have the channel changed, but the server came back and said "my manager said we aren't changing channels today". What kind of customer service is that?
4	Yes, yes, and yes! After starving for the entire day (from losing my keys and looking for them the entire day.... yup, it was one of those nights), I told my friend I wanted to eat the heartiest meal ever. MEAT PLEASE!So I decided to get the chicken wings and pork ribs combo. I'm such a fan when ribs are tender. My face simply lights up like a mofo. The wings were less desired but still have an honorable mention. On both, I chose the Sweet n' Bold Gold Sauce but next time, I'm definitely getting the garlic parm wings!!!! (Two of my favorites)For the sides, the tater tots were the BOMB dot com. It was cooked perfectly where it's crispy on the outside and softer inside. But the sauteed veggies were extremely thin and watery.So if you ever lose your keys and are almost starving to death, get my meal! It'll totally satisfy your needs.
5	I went to Duckworth's for a quick meal one night and it was great! This was my first time there, and our server was super nice and friendly. We didn't have to wait long at all to get our food. I had the Carolina BBQ sandwich, and it was delicious! It was also reasonably priced. I really don't have any complaints and will definitely go back.
5	Had a Philly Cheesesteak and it was great.  But even better the service was awesome.   Great selection of beers although a little early in the day for me to drink.  I can recommend this place.
