5	This brand-new remodeled restaurant just opened the other day. It's a 24 hour restaurant, open 24 hours, and serves classic but unique American food! Everything on their menu sounded fantastic! They had simple yet delicious dishes like eggs and sausages and really interesting dishes like red velvet pancakes! I had the Lobster Benedict, and it was absolutely amazing! I never even had eggs Benedict before, so I was completely in shock when I saw my dish. First of all the serving size was HUGE. It was a huge buttery toasted bread topped off with really big delicious & tender lobster claws, two perfectly poached eggs, and this creamy light hollandaise sauce! It also came with a side of fresh, garlic seasoned potatoes. It was absolutely delicious! Their menu had a range of prices generally from $6 to $24. $24 was the highest price I saw on their menu (at least from what I remember). My lobster Benedict was $21, but it was completely worth it! It was so good, and the portion sizes were so big that I couldn't even finish everything! I had a taste of my friend's blueberry pancake that she ordered, and it was just as amazing (but not as great as mine! ;] ). It was these big 4 layered pancake stuffed with fresh blueberries and topped off with almonds and a light maple syrup. So yummy~ :3 The service was absolutely fantastic! Everyone was so friendly and catered to every one of our needs. Our server, Dean, was really nice. We had a really nice conversation with him. This is a really nice quiet restaurant to dine in. It's a nice place to get away from the loud and busy commotions of the casino and the strip. It kind of has this home-y feeling which I love because you can sit down, relax, and chat with your friends. Totally recommend it!
4	I have only been here once and it was at 6:00 in the morning. Not too many people were eating here this early and I say... they are missing out on the awesome breakfast burrito!The burrito came with sour cream, avocado and salsa! It consisted of potato, egg, and so many more things I can't really describe this fantastic burrito! You really would have to come here yourselves. The waitress was very nice and attentive. This is not a fancy place, low key and casual. A great place to grab a bite.
4	A family restaurant in the MGM with huge portions, great presentation and surprisingly decent good.My 4 girlfriends and I came after going to Hakkasan, and it ended up being the highlight of our night! What we had: Massive glasses of water: we were thrilled!Fries: seasoned and delish. Recommend!Steak salad - Recommend!  (Well-seasoned steak, loads of avocado, tomato, onions and hefty bed of greens)The Club: turkey/ham sandwich - filling, average ingredientsIf at the MGM, I would definitely consider dining here again!Tip: All meals are big enough to be shared; average price range: $16-24
4	Great breakfast and open 24 hours!I've stayed at the MGM Grand multiple times and always end up going to Avenue 24 at least once if not multiple times throughout the stay. I've been here most often for breakfast and they do a damn fine job of curing the Vegas hangover - or at least fueling you up for the next round. Service has always been really good here, they get you seated fairly quickly even when it looks packed and the wait staff is very attentive to any of your needs. Good menu selection, reasonably priced, and a relaxed atmosphere make this a great place right in the middle of it all at the MGM Grand.
5	I really really enjoyed this place in the MGM Grand.  The service was great and more importantly the food was perfect.  The atmosphere is a little dull for vegas, but I'd say the great food and service outweigh that.  They have terrific burgers and amazing fries.  Drinks were perfect as well.  If you don't feel like a buffet, this is a great option.
3	Stopped here after attending a show at another casino.  It was about 11pm and we were greeted and seated immediately.  Wife ordered a steak salad and I ordered the bowl of chili.  The steak on the salad was good but the dressing was just blah.  The chili was just your run of the mill chili and was a bit too salty for my taste.  It was quiet inside, but it was late, and the ambiance was nice.  Overall though, it was a bit pricey for what we got.  It will do in a pinch if you are looking for late night eats and don't wish to leave the hotel to go look for it.
2	Meh.Looks cool. Food is so so. Definitely overpriced.I came late with a friend, 2am. It took 30 minutes to bring out my omelette. The egg itself was ok.  The potatoes that came with it were gross.
4	To me the biggest selling point of Avenue 24 is the fact that's open 24/7. After a long night out at Mandalay Bay, I was exhausted and hungry by the time I got back to the MGM Grand at 3am. This was the first place we saw in the casino that was still open, so we stopped in to refuel. At 3am, as you can imagine, it's pretty empty. Service was fine and the food was good enough. Be prepared to shell out some money, though, like all places on the Strip. If you're looking for some cheap eats, this is not the place for you. But for a quick meal at 3am, who cares! I paid $10 for a pretzel and $15 for some omelet thing for my partner. I didn't care.
2	Hi. Today I purchased a $16 omelet and a $4.50 iced tea bc that's the cheapest egg dish on the menu and I was unaware that such an amount could be charged for a tea bag in water and ice. It's been quite a few hours and I'm still annoyed at this.  What happened to this place? I love the 24/7 casino cafe/diners! Places where you can get some simple dishes at reasonable prices. Flush that idea down the toilet here. Sure, my omelet was OK (The Californian- Seasonal Roasted Vegetables, Egg Whites, Avocado), but unless there are baby unicorn tears in it next time, I wouldn't order it again (mmm unicorn tears). Strip mark-up? I get it. But a $7 for a bagel with cream cheese? You suck.  I'll be back (drunk late night) and let you know if $18 chicken fingers are somehow worth the cost. Doubt it, though. Skip.
3	Lobster Benedict was very good. It actually had large pieces of lobster, nice. Hollandaise sauce was bland. However, price wise, it's definitely a little pricey. Most items are $16-22, but it's vegas so perhaps that's to be expected.
3	It's late night after a fun night at Hakkasan and seeing HARDWELL!!!! The birthday couple wanna grab a bite so of course I am down! We ordered A LOT of food. Unfortunately the birthday girl suddenly didn't feel so well once all the food came. The birthday man went to go get his birthday woman while I sat and sampled a little bit of everything... Nachos, chicken wings, chili, grilled cheese, coleslaw, french fries... I don't recommend the chicken wings, they were breaded. So if you like breading on your chicken fingers, by all means: GET THEM!! But I just do not. The grilled cheese was good - it came cut into four pieces and with a tomato bisque type dipping sauce, you know just like grilled cheese and tomato soup! The nachos were piled high but I was just stealing jalapenos off of the pile anyway! And our server was really nice and understanding =)The only thing I can say that SUCKS is there is no bathroom inside and you have to walk through the casino alllll the way to the bathroom and when it's 4am and you've been partying all night in heels it is NOT the business!!
2	This is tough to give 2 stars to. I honestly think that if it wasn't so outrageously expensive, It would have 3. Yes I know, it's in Vegas and Vegas is expensive. But the Denny's style menu (breakfast lunch and dinner all day) just shouldn't be that much. After much debate between the make-your-own omelette or the french dip... I went with the french dip.It was big. Maybe too big. I'd almost describe it as I had some bread with my meat. The sandwich itself wasn't bad. It was soaking wet with grease which was disappointing, but the quality was pretty good. The sauce (they do it with gravy instead of au jus) was waaaay too salty. Had they toned it down on the salt, it would have been a lot better. The saving grace were the fries. They were really quite good. It's the noise level got a little obnoxious. I know its Vegas, but between the casino and the amount of employees yelling across the restaurant, it was a little much.With the big menu and the convenience of being located in MGM, it may be worth a shot. However, get out your wallets... my french dip was $20. Ouch.
4	Had a NY Strip smothered in onions and mushrooms, a salad and potatoes for Breakfast. The Balsamic dressing was weak, life is still good. Sometimes I love this life.
2	The decor here is really nice and no music blasting which was great for breakfast. Well that's about as good as it got. I had the 2 eggs and NY steak for $23 and that was a big mistake. The steak was too chewy but I should have expected that.
4	Hubby and I stopped in for Happy Hour to check this place out. They have a 5 for 5 special where you can get sliders, chicken strips, truffle homeade potato chips, nacho's. Patron shots for under 5 bucks in vegas is a steal, so we had a couple of those. Food was pretty tasty, service was good and the restaurant is very pretty on the inside and very clean. Happy hour was a bit hit for us so we will be back!
5	Love it here.  Came here first thing after checking in Friday for Labor Day weekend. Their steak salad was to die for (perfect for keeping me lean/light for the pool parties).  The beef was soooooo soft and perfectly charred on top, plus they kept the dressing on the side as I requested (score).  Only downside is that they did keep a few of the extras on it that I didn't want, but that wasn't a big deal.  When we came for breakfast on Saturday, their steak and egg whites were cooked perfect as well.  Both waitresses were really fun and upbeat.  The prices were a little pricey (steak salad = $20, steak and eggs = $22).  I would definitely come back again.
2	I expected more because this was in the MGM but it really let me the down. The food was whatever but the service......horrible. I don't know if our waitress was deaf or if she was too busy for our group but it was awful. My cousin found a hair in his food. She brought out the wrong bread for three of us. She messed up my whole order except for the potatoes....but how can you get potatoes wrong? Maybe I'm just ranting and it was just my waitress who wasn't very professional but overall it wasn't a very good experience.
3	Went here for a late breakfast.  It's nice that they serve breakfast 24x7.  I ordered a mixed scramble which was fine.  One friend ordered steak and eggs and he wasn't happy with the steak.  All and all ok, but expensive for breakfast.
2	The newly opened Avenue 24 cafe inside the MGM Grand had absolutely no appeal except for its proximity to Wet Republic. We ended up stopping in for a quick (or not so quick) lunch right before day club and the whole experience was quite disappointing.The only good part about the place is the service. Our waiter was really nice and friendly. Everything else pretty much sucked. First of, I had wanted to order a salad but I just couldn't fork out $17 for a caesar or garden salad. Some things on the menu are more reasonably priced for the type of dish but be prepared to spend at least $20 or more per person.We waited for our food for almost 30 minutes, which created a huge problem because we had a guestlist that was closing at Wet Republic. We ended up having only 10 minutes to eat before we had to rush out because it took the food so much longer than we expected to come out.The taste left a lot to be desired. We had the skillet hash with green sauce and the short ribs fries. They both sound good in theory but both came out less than average at best. The hash didn't have good flavor and was overly salty. The fries didn't have enough topping and the short ribs also didn't taste like much.With so many great places to eat in Vegas, I would highly recommend skipping this. MGM has a sandwich shop that's supposed to be good and from the looks of it, the service is a lot faster.
3	Avenue 24 should really change their name considering its no longer open 24 hours. I've been here quite a few times as its a easy, centrally located restaurant and I am a big fan of staying at the MGM. We were turned away at 12:15am on a Friday night with many events going on in the casino stating they were closed.
4	Not bad if you're looking for food late when the buffet and other restaurants are closed.  It's a little pricey compared to the food in the food court area however it wasn't bad.  I got the club sandwich and it was a huge portion.
3	tip if you are MLIFE or VIP you can skip the lines. portions are huge.
4	After a late show at MGM, this will probably be one of your only options, and, one of the cheaper ones as well. They have some good comfort food options, as well as breakfast and lunch items (sandwiches, omelets, etc.). The portions are large and it's all tasty. It's a great place to cap off a good show and reminisce!
2	For Saturday morning, my girlfriends and I went to Avenue 24 after much walking and deliberating. Avenue 24 is a large food place within MGM Grand - I think it's busy because no one is up before lunchtime if you're truly experiencing Vegas, or for those who are, are either nursing hangovers with pots of coffee or have been standing in line for the buffet since 7am. I personally would've liked to not eat and just drink coffee in the middle of the casino, but there are others who apparently need food to survive, so here is where we went. Mind you, we're all working on 5 hours sleep after bar hopping the night before. The food was okay - you got a lot for your money, though you'd better, the price you pay! I'm from Los Angeles - I'll pay $5 for a muffin, as long as it's good. This place...did our group well. A large booth in the back, plenty of juices, waters and coffee. Somewhat okay service, but it was before noon, so I imagine they're busy (though in my opinion, one should know that, so plan accordingly). I wouldn't go back here, on my own in the future. I don't do buffets either, so keep that in mind.
2	**2.5 Stars**Extremely expensive for the quality of the food that was brought out. I ordered a chicken/avocado wrap and the lettuce was brown and the tomatoes were not at all ripe. It was good but it's what I would expect from a restaurant that serves food for a third of the price.Very slow service- we waited a long time for our check and then again for the receipt.
4	We ate at Avenue 24 on a Saturday morning while staying at MGM Grand with friends.  First off, I recommend you get Avenue 24 to go instead of room service.  We actually looked first at the room service menu, and it was crazy expensive, even for room service in Las Vegas on the strip.  So, we checked out the menu for Avenue 24 online.  The scrambles and omelets were approximately half the price that they were on the room service menu.  The place is close to the Grand Tower elevators, so it's easy and quick to get to.  Also, they provided plastic utensils, napkins, and plenty of condiments.  Were we ever to stay at MGM Grand again, we absolutely would get Avenue 24 to go instead of getting room service.I had the Avenue 24 scramble, which is eggs with ham, bacon, sausage, a lot of Tillamook cheddar, crispy potatoes and chive sour cream.  This is an enormous scramble, easily shareable.  The crispy potatoes were in every bite and worked very well with the cheddar.  But, the thing that tied it all together is the flavor from the chive sour cream.  It gives a faint chive flavor throughout and the sour cream adds a nice creaminess to the eggs.  I would absolutely get this dish again, every bite had every flavor.  The wife had the corned beef and eggs, which is another enormous breakfast.  It's made with large chunks of tender corned beef, and there are a lot of them.  The dish was seasoned well.  She would order it again.When I went to pick up the food I sat in the bar area, which was large and had TVs.  Service was quick, they told me on the phone it would be about 15 minutes to get my food and it was.  This is a great addition to MGM Grand and we would definitely return.
4	Staying at the MGM hotel for the first time I was in dire need of a late night dining establishment. Avenue 24 did that and more.Now, yes, this place is a bit pricey, but the food was great and the service excellent. I ordered the Brick Chicken, which was supposed to be half a chicken served with potatoes and vegetables. What I got was either a large Cornish game hen or a full small chicken. Either way it was incredibly juicy and flavorful. The fingerling potatoes were quite tasty as we're the green beans it was served with. I enjoyed the shrimp cocktail, but for the price, probably wouldn't order it again. Regardless, the food my dining partner and I consumed was hearty, tasty and satisfying. I would definitely return.
3	Well first off I wanted to place a carryout order from my hotel room , but you have to order from the bar , a little inconvienced but ok. The bartender was friendly and wanted me to order alcohol??? Lol! I'm like dude it's 9am.. But it's Vegas anywho the Buttermilk Pancakes and Applewood Bacon melt in your mouth !! Very Expensive though $20 and no potatoes
5	So Avenue 24 is the MGM Grand's "Casual Cafe".  It was Thanksgiving Day, and I had planned on going to a buffet; however, apparently so did the entire tourist population of Las Vegas.  We tried the Wynn, Wicked Spoon, Rio, Studio M. All had waits of greater than 2.5 hours.  We even waited in line at the Rio for about 30 minutes, before we decided to give up our spot.We were going to search off the strip; however, most things were closed.  We ended up back at our hotel, the MGM Grand.  We noticed that Avenue 24 wasn't that busy. We also noticed that you could order off the regular menu or do the Thanksgiving Pre-Fixe for just $26.00 per person.  We did the Thanksgiving meal, which we weren't expecting to be that good; however, it was EXCELLENT!!!We started with a delicious bowl of Butternut Squash soup with some cinnamon sauce on top.  Then the main entree was a generous portion of good turkey with all the trimmings including stuffing, sweet potato casserole, green beans and cranberry sauce.  For dessert, we got some mini pumpkin pies.  It was a great meal, and would definitely return based on this experience.  We also had a friendly server, who helped make the meal good.
2	It is what it is. What was really crystallised for me on this my 5th trip to Las Vegas is you just have to surrender and spend the money because you really, truly cannot really be on the cheap. The portions were pretty big but I imagined kind of a mass produced assembly line in the kitchen. The food will keep you alive but it won't bring you joy.
4	We ate here twice during our recent stay at the MGM, and I was pleased with my meal on both occasions. The service was a little slow, but the servers were quite pleasant. I loved the short rib sandwich, it was tender but not too rich or fatty. For a cafe, it is a bit pricey (as I recall, about $17 to $25 per entree) but the quality was excellent and we were able to walk right in and be seated both times.
2	In MGM this is one of the places where we went to eat, this place has nothing exceptional to offer. It has a feel of a diner with a service that really doesnt help it either.  Eat here only if you need to save time otherwise there are plenty of places in Vegas where you can get a better return on your money.
2	Wanting to grab some breakfast food close by, my friends and I Yelped and found this place. We were excited that there were no lines - but we found out later that just meant this place was meh. The restaurant itself looks like a fancy diner, and I loved the big booths! Looking over the menu, there were a lot of items, but only a few that looked appetizing. All of the food were so pricey!I ordered the hash, and it was the best dish out of all of my friends'. It had potatoes, sour cream, cheese, and bacon. Although it was the best dish out of everyone's, it was just mediocre. If I wanted hash, I'd just go to Hash House A Go Go next time. For more than $20 per person, I'd go elsewhere for breakfast food.
2	newly remodeled cafe @ the MGM Grand. Menu selection is quite expensive considering what it offers. There's meatloaf dinners, pasta, burgers and your usual sandwiches. Unfortunately the quality of the food doesn't match the price point of the menu.Avenue 24 used to be 24/7. But now it has changed the hours, which is unfortunate. This would be worth going to at 4am considering the lack of dining options @ MGM, but now that the 24/7 option is gone, your better off trying one of the many other exemplary restaurants @ MGM or the food court. This place can accommodate HUGE GROUPS.
3	Breakfast at the MGM Grand cafe.  Service was good.  Wife's patty melt was a little overcooked but tasty.  Fries were good.  My steak & eggs were good but overcooked steak. Very tender, though.  Didn't get my bloody till 15 min; was holding wife's champaigne for my drink.  Wasted bubbles.
3	Not bad, not great, had breakfast here. If you're staying in the MGM then this is the most convenient place for breakfast that won't charge you an arm and a leg. Food was good enough and satisfying. Service was friendly and efficient.
1	GARBAGE!!!!Aside from the whipped cream on Chris' hot chocolate and my coffee, which were both very good, everything was absolutely horrible!I ordered a bacon cheese burger medium rare and Chris ordered chicken fingers and fries. About forty minutes later my burger came out, and a minute or two after that Chris' chicken fingers came out. His chicken fingers were so badly over fried they were inedible! They were hard and dry. the french fries ironically, were soggy and cold.  My burger was on par with a basic diner-The meat itself had turned so the color was not right but, I do believe they cooked it medium rare. It was very juicy and not too charred. He forgot the bacon on my burger which was probably better off the burger was pouring grease. We saw our waiter twice when he took the order and when he dropped the check so there was no opportunity to complain. I felt so bad watching Chris crunch on his gross chicken fingers. The vacation was a gift for his birthday, so he was trying his best to be a good sport about it.
4	NOTE: This is where the Studio Cafe once was ... but was remodelled and upgraded. We went to Avenue Cafe on NYE Morning, and there was a line.  But moved fairly quickly.  We were in the mood for a sit down breakfast, and so we were fairly limited in choices.We had:-  Omelette - Build your own - 4 out of 5-  Hash with Poached Eggs - Was actually Pork with Chile Verde served in a large skillet!  (it was huge really)Great service, friendly staff (once they saw we were friendly and not jerks).
1	Don't eat here! Had the Thai salad and it was the saltiest and most disgusting salad ever. The chicken was dry and the lettuce seemed weeks old. I would stay clear of this place. The service was slow. It was ridiculously expensive, and the food was no where near worth it. Mcdonalds would have been a better option.
4	Stopped in for a business meeting. The mac-n-cheese (with cheese) was delicious and the service was excellent. Everyone else in the group enjoyed their meals as well.
3	Wait was long and the food was mediocre. Other restaurants like the Beach Cafe at Tropicana is much cheaper and better
1	My plate had 2 sausages and one of them was raw, I told the server and he just looked at it and said it was okay, I told him that the other one was good but this one was red and bloody.  He did not do and thing and walked away.My sisters skillet of egg and pork tasted weird not good at all she did not even finish half her plate.My moms French toast was probably the only thing that was good about the place. It looked nice and tasted good, she said it was sweet I thought it was just right, but I do love sweets anyway.
5	We always come here for breakfast when we come to Vegas.  I came here this morning with my family and was really impressed. The food was great. The orange juice was absolutely delicious and tasted freshly squeezed. It was perfect. Also, our waiter was really nice. We had a great time there. Service was top notch. We'll be coming back for sure!
1	Probably the worst dining option in the MGM Grand. Went with four friends for a casual lunch, and each one of us were dissatisfied with the service and food. Avoid this place.
4	Didn't have a bad meal here. Everything IS kind of pricey. Where is the Vega$ of the $4.99 prime rib buffet? Imploded with all of the old, classic hotels on the Strip? Anyway every server we had was super attentive and super-friendly. Coffee is absolutely delicious. Tried a number of things at breakfast 3 days in a row, all of them quite filling and appetizing. Lines move pretty fast...even on Sunday at 10 AM. I should almost deduct a star for not having a restroom on the premises, so you DO have to walk a good jaunt through the casino, but then I only had to do that once out of our four visits here.
3	The fries is good but the burger is not cuz the beef is no taste. It just likes u take the beef and cooked it without any salt and pepper. The bun I'd crunchy and good.The services is good.friendly.Kind of pricey for what I got. I expect something good for what I pay. It is not the amount but the quality not good
3	it does its job.The food is nothing to write home about, pricing is within Vegas breakfast diners.One thing I must say is that the Nachos was very tasty and for $12 it can feed 5-6 people.  We had a family of 2 adults, 1 child and we only ate half of it.  I couldn't even much for my dinner due to the nachos.
3	A casual restaurant located inside the MGM Grand hotel. They offer breakfast, lunch and dinner. Came here for a quick grub around dinner time with El Hubby Cakes. It was close to where we were staying at (West Wing), and we were too tired to walk elsewhere. We had...-half order of Thai Chicken Salad- DON'T order it! Although it came in a huge portion, it lacked flavor and over dressed which made the greens very soggy. The chicken was old. The texture of the meat was tough. -El hubby Cakes had the Mushroom burger with a side of fries. I had a bite and it was pretty good. Meat was moist and not too greasy. Should've gotten a burger instead of the nasty salad O_o.The service was great and the decor looked a bit outdated. I noticed there were more people at the bar than dining area. We only go to Vegas once a year and we won't ever come back here.
3	Mushroom & Gruyere Burger was very good tasting but that's all you got on the burger. No tomatoes, onion, lettuce, or sauce, etc.
5	LOVE this restaurant.  My husband and I ordered the spinach dip with warm pita pieces as an appetizer and HANDS DOWN it was the most awesome, delicious, marvelous spinach dip I have ever had in my life.  I still think about it and wish I knew how to make it as good as they do.I also ordered the turkey wrap, and I was good as well.  My husband ordered their wings and said they were absolutely fabulous (well not in those exact words, he used more manly terms that I cannot remember).  I would recommend this restaurant if you are looking to not spend a lot of money but want something quick and good.
4	Really great toast.  Good prices and plenty of food for what you are paying (especially for Vegas).  It's crowded, and there is usually a line for breakfast in particular, but it moved quickly.  It's the typical breakfast fare but sometimes that's exactly what you are looking for!  Haven't been back for lunch or dinner, but I would.
4	A great place for breakfast priced the same as any other establishment in the casino.  It took about an hour for us to get our food from the time the order was placed.  I was a Saturday morning and they were pretty busy.  The food was good enough and we did not have to wait to get a table.  There are not much breakfast choices in the casino and this one was on the average.
3	Decent enough spot to grab breakfast or dinner. Lines can be long so if you don't mind grab a spot at the counter. Not a large menu and a bit pricey but consider it's casino prices.Seems like a lot of so-so reviews for this spot. It's nothing fancy but an ok enough place to have breakfast while I was staying here the other week while attending a convention in town. Never had to wait on lines too long as I was by myself and always took a counter seat. Service up there was ok. Kind of tired looking decor though. MGM should renovate it a bit to have a more cheery look and not that of an old casino floor.
4	We really enjoyed our breakfast experience here! We only waited a few minutes to be seated. Our waitress was lovely. I ordered scrambled eggs without butter/oil and they were prepared perfectly. Actual whole cracked eggs, scrambled. Not a pasteurized liquid egg product that was used in Hubby's omelet. With our check, our waitress also gave us refills on coffee/tea and to-go cups. I will definitely go back!
1	A greasy, gross mess.I ordered the Avenue Dip - braised short rib, provolone cheese, French roll and peppered gravy for dipping.It had a metric ton of cheese on it.  The sandwich started falling apart as soon as I picked it up.  And the gravy already had skin on it by the time it came to the table.The fries were flavorless.My girlfriend got an omelet and tipped her plate so at least six tablespoons of grease came running off into her napkin.Despite the relative emptiness of the restaurant, our server was AWOL for most of our visit.Avoid this dump at all costs.
1	On a normal Tuesday morning my boyfriend and I waited 15 minutes JUST for coffee. 30 minutes later we recieved our food... Very 'meh' pancakes and the GROSSEST biscuits and gravy I have EVER had. Okay eggs and okay hashbrowns. Over all a very poor breakfast that ended up to be about 50 dollars. Not worth it at all. Very disappointed.
5	YUMMY!! best breakfast I've ever had out! the eggs benedict are to die for and the waffles with bacon inside were excellent too! the only thing i didnt care for was the bloody mary :(
4	Service was quick and friendly. Large portions and variety of breakfast options. I had a nice party for 1 breakfast here during my stay at Tropicana next door to MGM. Keep in my portions are huge. I think my meal was enough for 2 people.Eggs were cooked right. Biscuit and gravy was delish. Although I did think it was a bit too salty for my taste.I really enjoyed the carrot juice. I'd recommend trying that.
3	Steak and eggs please...quick service and the food came out quickly the steak was cooked perfect was nice and juicy..
3	This is your run of the mill casino cafe, so it's not too over the top with just about anything.HOWEVER, I will say that the service was great! They were on point with just about every movement and request that I made:Cholula - "I almost had to go to Mexico to find it, but here you go my love."Blood Mary - "Oh you've got it. I'll bring it before the water."Water - (thinking to myself: I could use some water) Bam! "Here you go dear. You looked like you were going to need another one of these sooner than later."Solid sized portions, check. Good food, check. Good selection, check. Pleasant, mildly hungover breakfast, check. Mind readers, ......maybe.
3	Food was okay, the service was great. Hostess was sweet but I can't remember her name. And our waitress outdoes any waitress I've had in Vegas, Letizia/leticia.
1	The server didn't know the menu. I ask what "asian vegetables" were included on the thai chicken salad. He stood there for a long time. Then continued to say , lettuce and noodles. (When lettuce was in the description, not part of the asian vegetables.)  He went back in the kitchen to find out after I looked at him and kind of laughed at his answer. We waited forever for the food. It was completely dead in the restaurant. My boyfriend saw him standing behind me watching the soccer game the entire time. His prime beef dip sandwhich obviously sat under the heat lamp way too long. The cheese and gravy were both congealed.  Then he asked if my boyfriend was done with his plate and grabbed it. And my boyfriend said no. Then the server stated he was sorry for trying to grab it away. Literally 1 minute later he asked again and tried fo grab it. Both times we said we were still working on it. Way over priced and horrible service. His name was Lucas. Make sure to not get him!!!
2	Went in not expecting too much, and if you do that, it's not bad, although still pricey.We stopped in because we were late to watch one of the world cup games and needed to grab a quick breakfast. I got the two eggs breakfast and my wife got just two eggs. The food was decent: eggs were done ok, sausage was fine, toast was good. The hash browns, however, arrived in a sort of "brick" and were greasy and rather tasteless.  I presume they came frozen in that shape and had just been tossed in the deep fryer. Coffee was ok and they left the carafe.  The one major negative I must mention is that I didn't realize how expensive the coffee was until we got the bill.  $3.95 per cup for coffee!  If I'm paying four dollars a cup for coffee, there had better be liquor in there.  I realized the rest of the meal was going to be pricey, but this was a bit much.
1	Close to the worst food I've consumed... ever, and that's including my own cooking.Three of us came in for breakfast expecting something special because of the queue but alas, no. We each ordered the eggs benedict and it was totally horrendous, eggs undercooked, hollandaise lumpy and slightly cold- just terrible! It made us all a bit sick in the stomach afterwards which didn't pair well with the pool party we were attending later in the day.The one redeeming feature was our server. She was friendly, helpful and prompt- its not her fault the food is atrocious.
4	I stayed at the MGM on my most recent trip to Vegas and naturally I wanted to find a place where I can enjoy a casual dining experience. Avenue Cafe provides such an experience. I ate here twice for lunch on my trip. This is strictly my opinion but their lunch menu did not have alot of things that seemed appetizing to me so both times I ordered the grilled cheese dip. Which is a grilled cheese sandwich with a tomato bisque soup for dipping.  Let's just say I ordered it both times because it was that good! The grilled cheese sandwich was great with lots of melted cheese. The tomato bisque was perfect. I am not normally a fan of tomato bisque but this was perfect. The tomato flavor was just right. Not at all overbearing. It was hot and creamy and made a perfect dip. I may make this myself in the future. The first time I was offered a choice between coleslaw and fries for a side and I chose the coleslaw. Opps, because it was flavorless. Nothing but chopped up cabbage and not much else. I took one bite and was done. Thank goodness the grilled cheese and the large dill pickle was enough. The second time around I was not offered a choice and ended up with the fries and since I am not a fan of fries anyways (I like very few place's fries) it was no surprise that when I tried these I was not impressed. But again the sandwich and the pickle are more than enough. The prices are typical Vegas in my eyes. Anything you get the price will be inflated in Vegas so my price standards for the Las Vegas Strip are different than most other places. For Vegas I thought the prices were reasonable. The portions are large so you do get some bang for your buck. Customer service both times were excellent. My first visit my server Jose was so sweet. He made me feel very welcome. He watched over me and I was well taken care of. i was alone so I sat in the bar area and was served there and he talked to me and made an effort to have a conversation. The second time I sat in the bar area as well and the waitress was very sweet as well. I cannot for the life of me remember her name but she was great. Both times I felt very welcome and each time I had what I needed. I enjoyed this restaurant and I will be back for the same dish next time I want some lunch in Vegas. Yes it was that good. My only real issues were the coleslaw and the fact that they are not open all day like I feel these cafes should be. They are open for breakfast and lunch only. I hear they used to be 24 hours and it is most unfortunate that they are not anymore. There needs to be more 24 hour places to eat in these casinos besides whats in the food courts.
2	Ok so this has always been a go to place for me every time I'm in Vegas! The food is great the service has always been great until today.  Came to get food to go so they directed us to the bar to order it there we sit down to order our food we tell the bartender our so he turns around to input it in the computer and then asks us for order once again. Maybe you should write things down? It was a simple order . Placed our order at 10:25 to give you an idea we left at 11:00am with our food. But before leaving they forgot our coffees and our bagel . I didn't even give the guy my MLife card I was so frustrated with how long it took him just to charge us let alone bring the bill back! And take in mind there was 8 people sitting at the bar NOT BUSY!! I hate to do this because the day before was excellent service and all the other times as well but not today other people at the bar were also frustrated at the slow service by this man
1	You're in Vegas, be nice to yourself.As a local, I go around and try different casino cafes for the giggles and to write a review about something, but honestly I regret going here and torturing myself. My omelet was watery and bland, a bitter Mimosa that was $12, which I'm sure was made of expired OJ.Atleast the customer service is nice, but the food will make you sick. go somewhere else.
1	During a recent stay at MGM I decided on this to minimize the walking and it was a MyVegas reward so I assumed that would hold for something, but overall it failed just like hopes of hitting the big on in the casino.Our waiter seemed to be very distant or possibly sampled the paraphernalia from the Vegas underworld. In his "defense" I did notice that the guy had more tables then he clearly could handle so I can't completely knock him. However he really didn't set much of a positive mood for the meal.Foodwise I had blueberry almond pancakes which on paper sounded good, but down the hatch it was all snake eyes. I found the pancakes to be really dry and the blueberries were far from sweet. To say the very least I think the city should be noticed that this "Avenue" is in dire need of repairs.
2	Two stars because the service was nice. But that food was EXPENSIVE and it tasted blan and horrible! Make sure if you order eggs you order real eggs, otherwise they serve your powdered or syrup eggs. But the only reason we ate here is cause we were hungry. But the bill ended up being over $40 and we didn't even order drinks... Just water. If it's possibly for you then I suggest avoiding this place.The only good thing I remember about this place was the PBR was descent price compared to everywhere else in the hotel. $5 for 16oz $13 for 60oz pitcher.
5	Wait was like 5 minutes. Servers very friendly and courteous. Everything's fancy :) and everything is good!
2	They only serve their full breakfast menu until 11am, despite the sign outside labeling them "Breakfast & Lunch." It's a little annoying if the only reason you arrived at 11:05 is because you spent 15 minutes standing in their line to get a table. My fiance noted that half a dozen tables stood empty but uncleared while we waited in line, surmising that the busboys were all on break and the waitresses were unwilling to clear tables. We were finally seated at the bar, where I argued with the bartender over the 11am rule. Seriously, is this McDonalds? You had pancakes FIVE minutes ago.They were willing accommodate requests for certain breakfast items, but by the time we had ordered it was almost time to leave for our flight out. We then decided to pay for our drinks and go, but instead the bartender hit us with a $50 tab, which included the food we never received. Finally we agreed to continue waiting and get the food to go, but this breakfast debacle resulted in a mad dash through the airport trying to make it to the gate on time with our names being called on the loudspeaker overhead.I had ordered the California omelette, listed as egg whites with Jack cheese, avocado and a side of roasted vegetables. Instead I got an omelette with squash and mushrooms (the only food I hate) inside, avocado on top and a side of hash browns. Pretty disappointing even for food you are scarfing down in a cab on the way to the airport.In hindsight we probably would have been happier going to McDonalds.
5	I went here..  Nothing too fancy, but sometimes, that's exactly what is needed.  I ordered the Frisco melt and it was perfect.I like the layout of the place.   Opening and welcoming.If you're already at the MGM, Not a bad place to pick up some grub.
5	Great coffee, nice breakfast menu, food is tasty and certainly reasonably priced for a Vegas hotel restaurant. No wait at all on a Thursday morning but this could change depending on local events.  I would definitely come again for breakfast.
1	Came back here after a year before hitting the pool during Labor Day weekend and apparently the quality has tanked since then.. I got a steak and salad, which ended up being a terrible cut that wasn't cooked all that great (almost  as if the beef was boiled).  Given the amount I paid, $23, I expected at minimum a decent steak. The service was slow which wasn't our waiters fault but it did make me think that overall this place has turned into a dump.
3	Came in here with the family on Sunday, October 4th around 11:30am. There was a line waiting to be seated but it was quick and we were seated on a large booth that accommodated all of us. Paul was our server who was a nice guy but he seemed joked around a lot with us but almost a little too much. It was interesting. I ordered a Belgian Waffle and a side of scrambled eggs. The food didn't take too long to come out for all of us but when I received my side of eggs, they literally looked like they had been sitting under the heat lamp for an hour or so. It was gross, and as soon as I had one bite of it I knew I needed to say something. I got Paul's attention and I told him about the issue also explaining that I'll just order a Denver Omelet instead (especially because I had a large appetite that morning). He looked at me with a funky look and said "all for you?" That made me feel a little uncomfortable as if he was judging me or my habits. Obviously it's for me! I few minutes go by and he brings out a side of freshly cooked eggs. I was confused as to why he brought it out and I mentioned that I thought I was just getting the Denver Omelet and no side of eggs. He basically ignored what I was saying and told me that the eggs were fresh and hot. So, now I'm forced to eat these eggs which in turn made me less hungry for the Denver Omlelet which was coming out in a few minutes. Paul is a good guy, but he's a little too intense at the table with customers. He must've reminded our table about 10 times that we should take tequila shots. It was funny the first few times but after a while it got old.
3	Opted for a breakfast place for brunch and saw this place while walking towards the lobby, skimmed the menu- looked pretty good so I walked in for a solo brunch meal on Christmas. Since it was a holiday, it was pretty busy. But not much wait for a table of one. :) I was seated right when I walked in.FOOD:Ordered a grilled chicken egg scrambler ($17.00) that came with sauteed vegetables including two types of squash, bell peppers, onions, mushrooms, and red skinned potatoes. I also ordered a cup of OJ ($5.00) to pair with the dish. On top was a grilled chicken breast. It also comes with your choice of bread as well. The sauteed vegetables were the highlight of the dish as the chicken was a little dry and the eggs a bit rubbery (but not something a few dash of hot sauce won't solve ;) ). The vegetables were deliciously seasoned to perfection and not too soggy, they were delectable!SERVICE:Very good service here with full smiles and bright attitude no matter how nonchalant a customer was especially on a holiday, these dedicated folks are still working!Not the best place I've had in terms of breakfast, but decent enough!
3	I had the French toast for breakfast it was good just incredibly small. I thought I was getting these big prices of French toast and theses little Ice cube shaped things come out. It was good ( made with cornflakes so it can a good crunch) just felt more like an appetizer than a main dish. Also tried the breakfast burrito it was descent.
4	convenient cafe for people who wake up late and still want breakfast (they serve breakfast until 1pm)...the white chocolate french toast was different than any french toast i've tried. it's sweet but i still put syrup on it. the berries were a nice compliment to balance the sweetness.
