3	I've been watching and waiting for Nana's Soul Food Kitchen to open.  Heaven knows we need more options on the Southwest side of Charlotte.  I stopped in 3/2/11 after a long day at work.  The food is setup on steam tables, some of which looked like it had been there for since lunch time.  There is an option for a small or large plate where you pick your meat and 2 sides and includes a drink.  I choose the whiting, yams and collards.  There is a cooler full of desserts, bananna pudding was out so I got te peach cobbler.  I drove home inhaling the aroma ready to sample my meal.  The fish was alright but could have been seasoned a bit more for my taste, but given that everyone has different tastes, a hittle hot sauce did the trick.  The yams were delicious even though they were a bit sweeter than I am would prepare,  the collards were on the money.  My one mistake was not putting the peach cobbler in the microwave for a minute, since I really don't care for it cold.  However, it was flavorable with the right amount of crust,  I prefer a little sugar on my crust or that it be baked a little harder.  The only thing missing though was a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Fora newly opened resturant there will naturally be some growing pains.   Nana's is on my yes list.  It will be great to watch them grown.
3	Finally was able to stop into Nana's for lunch today.  This location joins Salsarita's and YuYu's at the corner of Oak Lake and Tyvola.  We arrived around 1:00pm in the afternoon and the restaurant was probably 40% filled.I ordered the Fried Chicken small plate lunch, which entitled me to two pieces of fried chicken (leg and breast), two sides and choice of bread and drink.   I chose the mac and cheese and the green beans along with cornbread.The chicken was juicy, but lacked something in the taste.  The mac and cheee was smooth and mild, but tasty.  The green beans were okay.  The cornbread was pretty dry though.  And hard.  The total for my meal came to eight bucks and change.I will definitely consider coming back as they have a bunch of options for their "meat and two" and they begin serving breakfast 04/11/11.  The service was great (cafeteria style) and the staff was friendly.
4	Went here for lunch with a friend. I'm not a soul food connoisseur so I instead use the "Napkin Index" as a reliable measure. This one was a 6 napkin affair. Awesome! You order in a traditional buffet line with the glass between you and the steam tables. Had the large plate ($9.99 for two meats, two sides, cornbread and a drink). Selected the fried chicken (2 pieces) and smothered pork chop, rice and beans, and broccoli. The meats were seasoned just right and tasty. Sides were fresh. Washed it down with two glasses of sweet tea... good stuff. The staff couldn't be friendlier. I'm from out-of-town, but I'll be back to Nana's.
4	A few co-workers of mine have raved about this place so I decided to give it a try. I ordered Chicken with 2 sides and asked for 2 extra sides. Order then came out to over $16 which I thought was ridiculous. I could have gone to Bojangles or KFC and fed my whole family of three for that price. Everything was good. Greens were too salty. Food is great but the price is too much if you want to add extra sides.
4	I'm a NC native so naturally I LOVE soul food. This is right across the road from work & a great place for a hearty lunch (not good for you but good to you) The fried chicken, mac n' cheese and fried okra is tasty. Buffet style line with generous portions & they also have good sweet tea.
4	I love Soul Food, so when a few co-workers told me to check out Nana's on my trip out to Charlotte, NC....well I took their advice and checked it out. I am glad that I did.This place is situated in small plaza. We came here for lunch a couple of times and was always pleased with the food and the service!  Everyone was so nice and helpful.  On my two visits to Nana's I ordered the following items (Combination of my two visits of course!):-Fried Chicken (So Crispy and Juicy, not dry)-Pork Chop (Tender and seasoned right)-Baked Beans (Delicious, but a bit sweet for my taste)-Collard Greens (Cooked to perfection)-Mac and Cheese (Cheesy Goodness)-Yams (Sweet but a bit oily)-Red Velvet Cake (Was a little on the dry side)-Banana Pudding (LOVED THIS!)The portions they give you are pretty big, and their pricing is very reasonable for the amount of food you get. I've been out to Charlotte twice now and made it a point to hit up Nana's on both trips. I will continue to hit up Nana's on my trips out to Charlotte going forward. To sum it up, good food delivered by good people.
3	I had the bake chicken with collard greens and bake mac and cheese......it was good. The greens were verryy salty and the spice snuck up on me, but the chicken was great. I wish they had rolls because everyone don't eat cornbread.
2	I arrived at 1:00 PM on a Wednesday afternoon.  Good size crowd, which is a good sign when choosing a restaurant for the first time.The folks behind the counter were very friendly.  I ordered the smothered pork chops, cabbage, and yellow rice.  All three had decent flavor, BUT everything was slightly overcooked and the cornbread was dry.I love soul food, and the size of the crowd tells me that people like this place.  I might give the place another try in the future, but I wasn't super impressed with my first visit.
4	My first visit to Nana's and I'm hooked! Service is cafeteria-style, so you can see exactly what you're choosing. I ordered the small plate, and the helpings were so large I still took food home with me. I had the scrumptious curry chicken, mac n cheese (so good) and rice stuffing. My, oh my, but it was good! My husband had fried chicken and collards with his meal, and I tried both. The chicken was juicy and crispy, and the collards were perfectly cooked. And the cornbread--YUM! Our meal was hot and delicious--real comfort food--and the service was fast and friendly. We ordered a to-go meal to take with us, and it was promptly prepared when we returned to the counter--no waiting. Nana's will now be a staple on my visits to Charlotte.
5	This was easily the best "home cooked" food I've eaten anywhere in a long time. My entire family was pleased with everything they were served. Every bite, from the meat to the side dishes to the dessert, was awesome. As out of towners you are always hoping wherever you choose to eat will pan out and this place delivered in spades!  We plan on making a trip back down there just to eat at Nana's. They also own the pizzeria in the same plaza and I plan on trying that as well. The staff was excellent and the restaurant itself was tastefully decorated and had a comfortable feel. I can't wait to go back.  ^_^
3	Was just newly moved to Clt and looking for a good BBQ fix.  Really solid moist ribs.  Its cafeteria style and nothing fancy but just good Q.  the fried Chicken smelled delic so Im going to try that next.  The sides were just kinda ok and the dessert options were not alluring at all.  Will go back for ribs and chicken but they could really have something good here if they stepped it up with the sides.  Not that they will, they already have a busy busy restaurant.
4	In a not-so wonderful turn of events at the airport dealing with the horrible experience of Delta airlines, I found myself in an interesting Anthony Bourdain-like Layover experience drawing me to the nearest place to my hotel: Nana's Soul Food Kitchen.Giving up on using the meal vouchers Delta so "graciously" threw at me, I took a walk just across the parking lot. Little did I know what I'd be in for when I stepped into Nana's: a smorgasbord of down-home fried and mashed favorites in sizable helpings. Fried fish and chicken and country style steak galore. Don't even dare ask for no gravy on those mashed potatoes, you're not a child anymore! Man up to those collards, they'll put hair on your chest, back and elsewhere.The way I see it, I've not seen many places better for true southern comfort food cookin' than this. The atmosphere in this place is so friendly and the staff so amicable you feel as if they'll burst into some throw-down gospel soul to go with the soul food. Everybody is like family in this place.
4	I just ate here on my way out of town.  Friendly, helpful staff.  Big selection.  Great food.  The fried chicken was as good as it gets.
4	Being in residence across the street on a Sunday, this was an obvious choice since it's pretty much the only walkable restaurant open. What I didn't realize was that it was just as well that I didn't leave visiting Nana's to chance because I sure would have missed out on a treat had I not eaten there. Typical Southern/Soul Food served within. Hearty servings and a friendly staff make this place a must visit. Not everything on the menu that I tried was a win however. Here's a road guide through my dinner.+ Smothered Pork Chops were delish. Very tender and slathered with some lightly salted gravy. Perfect ratio of meat to fat, with a little bone in there too. Exactly the way you would want it. You must order this.+ Candied yams smell like Christmas. More to the point, these are not canned, but rather homemade with a good helping of brown sugar that has them swimming in deliciousness. Not too sweet, and you still get that natural yam taste. Must order.+ I'm a recent mac and cheese convert, and this is very good standard homestyle mac and cheese. + Standard banana pudding made from instant pudding with fresh bananas and Vanilla Wafers. This is a never fail formula and I like it. I learned tonight that homemade baked banana pudding is even better.....I'm intrigued.-- RIbs were a bit of a miss during my visit. Not very warm and the meat wasn't very soft. Sauce was fine, but perhaps my expectations were too high? The way I like my ribs are falling off the bone. If you have to use a knife, they aren't tender enough. If you like your ribs the way I do, you may not enjoy these. -- Rice was dry and firm. While pasta can be served al dente, rice should not be. Turned out that the chef had overcooked the rice, so that explains it. Sean, the owner, expressed concern and got to the bottom of that.-- Corn Bread was not moist in the center, but rather a little dry. I also like mine a little toasted, but perhaps I'm a corn bread snob?Overall, the cleanliness of the restaurant, TVs in the dining area, friendly staff, and Sunday hours, contribute a lot to the appeal. The owner, Sean, made the rounds and spoke to each customer in the dining area to check on their meals, and he means it. I mentioned the rice being firm and my friend didn't like the ribs.....done. We got an extra serving of the Smothered Pork Chops and Candied Yams. This is how business is done right. You listen to the customers and make sure nobody leaves your restaurant unsatisfied. Well done Sean, we enjoyed our food and appreciated your coming by to check on us. Also, congrats on your upcoming first year anniversary of being open and being voted at #1 Soul Food in Charlotte! Don't let it go to your head, you've got hungry mouths to feed that now have expectations ;-)
3	I remember visiting this place shortly after they first opened and they offered samples of whatever you wanted to try and my personal test for a legitimate soul food spot is the Mac n cheese, right?  Well I left the restaurant after that sample...now a year later I returned with a few friends for brunch and I will say that the smothered pork chops and potatoes were pretty good....the greens weren't to my liking but edible.  Because  I gave up pasta for Lent I wasn't able to test the Mac n cheese to see if perhaps it has been corrected but it certainly doesn't look much better...so the jury is still out until after Easter:-)
5	Friendly people, amazing food, spectacular place.  Don't be afraid that it's in a strip mall...it's authentic Southern cooking and hospitality.  Absolutely outstanding!!
1	The food is not worth waiting for 25 minutes to place and order. Not only to we wait, but the apology was unprofessional and half-hearted. For the trouble, one free dessert was offered. Really, one free dessert offer after waiting for 25 minutes to place and order? Not sure what type of establishment the owner/manager is really, but this is our first and last time supporting this business. Back to Lawan's on S. Tryon we go, where the food has always been great, and the service is professional and consistent. What were we thinking trying another spot? We're going to stick to what we know, and we know Lawans!
4	Yay for another restaurant close to the office.  I am a Yankee but I love soul food and southern cooking when done properly.  Nana's does it properly.  The employees are super friendly and the space is a step up from a cafeteria environment.  I had baked chicken which was 2 huge pieces, , mac and cheese, cabbage, and a slice of cornbread for $12.  That is why the star is deducted - prices are high, even for the quality of food and the amount.  I used a Living Social $10 takeout promo for this, but there is no way I would pay $12 for what I received.
4	The Mac and Cheese is off the Hook----Haha, if that doesn't get you excited then I'm sure there is something on the menu that will. Set up in a cafeteria/food court style, you're served up some hot juicy soul from behind the counter. My first time in I tried the ribs, very fall off the bone, and good sauce. I choose the greens and the mac and cheese as my sides. I love the mac and cheese, it's creamy, gooey and leaves you wanting more..how dare they :)The second time in I snagged up the fried chicken and stuck with the same sides. I'm not sure if I'll get this again (I think I was playing it safe) but it was good. Corn bread is on and off, sometimes its very moist - others it may be a tad dry. As for the dessert, I've only seen people order it but I'm dying to try the Red Velvet Cake, guess I'll have to come in again!
4	My friends and I actually saw the commercial for Nana's Kitchen while on vacation in Charlotte. I decided to visit today, before leaving Charlotte. This restaurant had a nice crowd. I thought we would've waited longer than what we did. I was impressed.  I am a very picky eater and I do not eat pork. I was very satisfied to find out that Nana's Kitchen did not have pork in their vegetables, so that was a plus for me. The customer service was pleasing as well. The food was delicious. I ordered Baked Chicken, Cabbage, and Collard Greens only. If I'm in town again, I would definitely visit this restaurant again.
5	Nana's is great, great soul food!Second time being there on vacation.  We actually made it a part of our trip and point to make it there again.Kind of a cafeteria style service. Great reception. BBQ chicken was the main meat, twice. Sauce is very mild but tasty. We choose Mac n cheese, baked beans, and the collard greens.  All of which are so mouth watering good, I can't even describe.  The collard greens are, dare I say, better than mom's.  The cornbread was a little dry, the tea, sweet.  All in all, a wonderful experience for a great price. Can't wait to visit the Charlotte area again and enjoy Nana's again!
4	The next best thing when your missing that down home cooking. Cornbread could be better but the food is great! Fried chicken & mac... yummy! Even my mom likes it!
5	My old job is near this place. Once a week, I found myself coming here for dinner. It's cheap and the staff is great. Good soul food indeed! The mac and cheese is to die for!
4	Visiting NC from AZ and was very disappointed in food - until I tried Nana's!  I had a small plate of smothered fried chicken,great Mac n cheese, yams.  All was flavorful and homecooked. I am on my way to the airport stuffed. Glad I tried one more place. :)
5	This restaurant is awesome.  I have had the fried chicken, curry and meatloaf and they are all delicious!  All the sides are just as good and you can't beat the price.  This is definitely a place worthy of repeat business.  Lines can get long during lunch but the wait is worth it.
3	After many months of hearing reviews on Nana's, I finally decided to go since they are opening a new restaurant downtown near my job.  I wanted to see what I should expect if I would go there for my occasional need for soul food.  The restaurant situated in a small mall off the main street.  Cafeteria style service offerring good choices of meats and veggies.  I had to have the fried chicken.  It was simply so good.  the veggies...seasoned rice and green beans could use a little more seasoning.  I ordered cobbler for dessert that had to heated in the microwave.  I was expecting cobbler from a sizzling hot pan.  Ooops...did not happen.  I am looking forward to trying the new restaurant downtown Charlotte.  And hoping that the chicken be just as good as it was from the southern restaurant.
3	Today I went to Nana's for the first time.  I had the Mac and cheese, fried chicken and the cabbage.  I enjoyed the fried chicken it could use a little bit more seasoning.  The Mac and cheese could use another type of cheese.  I do not use Sharp or Cheddar so I am not a fan.   The cabbage was not my taste.  I am probably one of the few who like the green leaves from the cabbage.  Personally I like bell peppers and lemon pepper seasoning in my cabbage so this would be a no for me.  The staff was friendly which is why I gave it a 3.
5	Went there for the 1st time and I LOVED it!! I was born & raised in the south so I have a pretty good palette for southern cooking, and this is real southern cooking! The Mac & cheese is a must try. I had smothered pork chops and it was very well seasoned with really good gravy. My kids both had the yams and they kept raving on how good they were. The fried chicken was cooked just like grandma used to fix it. Whenever I am in the Charlotte area I will definitely be going back.
3	I thought the food was just OK, but still pretty expensive.  For as casual as it was, I thought it would cost less.
4	During a work trip to Charlotte at the beginning of the month, I was on the lookout for eateries close to my hotel. My trusty Yelp app led me to Nana's. During my 6 days in Charlotte, I ate here twice! I had the one meat combo which came with two sides and your choice of cornbread or dinner roll, and a drink. Also for approx $10. Pretty reasonable, I thought. Both times I had the curry chicken which was fall off the bone tender and flavorful and mac n cheese (good) as one of the sides. For the second side, the first time I had the steamed cabbage (bland) and second time, had the rice (spicy but good). Corn bread was okay. I also had the red velvet cheesecake and other time had chocolate cake. Yes, I was definitely indulging on this work trip!For what can be a sleepy business park location during dinner time, this place was always busy. Employees were very friendly and that chicken was sooooooo good. If I ever return to that area, I have to make a pit stop at Nana's.
5	Great service and clean establishment. They take calls prompt and accurately. I enjoy the fish because it is made to order. The yams are delicious and sweet. For the price you get what you paid for. I usually share a platter with my co workers. So far I will only come here for soul food.
5	Staff is friendly.  The place is spotless.  The food is amazing and at a great price.  Be warned, the food is very filling and the portions are huge!  This is my new favorite place to eat in Charlotte :)
3	Service (if that is important to you) is Polite, Efficient and fast, Fast, FAST!!!  Seems they know some diners will be on a time schedule... I like Fast.  The Young Man who served me showed me everything and was very quick with words and actions (it is like a cafeteria line - you walk through and you can see the food before you order)...Collard Greens these were EXCELLENT!  5 yelp starsCorn Bread (better than La Wan's. Not as good as Mert's) 3.65 starsMac and Cheese 3 stars good though not any better than just good.Plenty of Meats to choose from, though I chose none, the Fried Chicken was the only one that looked good... Do I really Like Soul Food?  I LOVE Mert's, though am I expecting something Gourmet from a Restaurant that is not pretending to be... The Collards were plenty Flavorful, this place may be more Authentic than I am used too.Three TV screens (and one playing the X Games [YES!!!])The whole set up is comfortable, the ordering line is blocked from the dinning area so you have a more peaceful meal than if you had to listen to someone like me who could have held up the line (if anyone were behind me) saying "give me one of those Cookies" the server says "ah, sir that is a Chicken Fried Steak"... They treated me as if they knew I was reviewing them... They did their BEST!!!  Service Team seems well trained on Politeness and Speed!!!
3	I had the smothered chicken with mac and cheese and green beans.I can say it was worth the drive from Balyntyne suburbs to get some good ole southern cooking. i got there at 11:30am on a Wednesday... the lunch crowd has not even came in yet so I was 1 of the first customers I gave it a 3.5  star wish could have given it a 4 star mainly the it was too pricey for the amount of food given... A fair price for that plate should have been $7 tops.. I paid $10 an didnt get a drink with it.. Don't think I will be visiting this place anytime soon..
3	I was in search for a soul food restaurant in Charlotte.For a small meal - 1 meat and 2 sides, you get it for $9.59I must say, the baked chicken was dry :(. The collard greens were good, the candies yams were good, just wished it didn't looked so mushy. With the lacking dried chicken, I couldn't finish my cornbread, which was alright - it lacked... The buttery rich taste to a cornbread. Overall, not pressed to come back. I give credit for the customer service, the manager and their staff were nice and friendly!
5	Homemade taste and very delicious
4	I'm always pleased with my food @ Nana's. Food is always seasoned well and very tasty.  Pretty good value also.  Ribs are great!  Fried chicken, bbq chicken, corn bread, collard greens and yams are all very good.  Mac n cheese is just okay (reason for only 4 stars.)  I go to Nana's at least 2-3 times a month!
5	This place is legit! Food is good, service was awesome and the place is spotless. I had the fried chicken, green and yams which were DELISH! Being from Cali, good soul food is hard to come by, but North Carolina scratched my itch. Husband had the fried chicken, cabbage and yams. We shared our sides and everything was good. Would definitely recommend.
4	The mac n cheese is incredible.  I had fried chicken and BBQ ribs.  The chicken was perfect crispy and juicy once bit into.  The pork rib's meat was falling off the bone and was delish!  I overheard another patron say, "this is Sunday dinner cooking without all the work."  That's the best description for Nana's.  Yum!
3	Visited Nana's for the first time on Sunday with some friends from church.  Restaurant was crowded which is a good sign.  The servers were very friendly and helpful.  The decor was nice.  I had the smothered chicken which was delicious as were the candied yams.  The collard greens were cooked with too much vinegar which was not to my liking.  Otherwise, they were fine.  The cornbread was very dry.  My daughter and I shared a slice of coconut cake which was very heavy and way too sweet.  We're both big fans of coconut cake but not at Nana's.  They ran out of sweet tea which I always order in restaurants.  I really give Nana's 3.5 stars.  It was a little better than A-OK but I can't say that I'm a fan yet.Not sure that we'll visit too often especially since it's out of our way.  But, it's a nice place to visit every once in awhile.
4	Had lunch on a Friday afternoon.  The Service is fast, the staff is extremely polite.  Had the smothered pork chop, which was delish.  The mac and cheese was just okay and the collards were a bit on the spicy side.  The corn bread a little dry.  This was not my first visit, as I work in the area.  I would give 5 stars if the food was good each time, but there is no consistency.  The service however is always great and the place is clean whenever I visit.
5	Best Mac & Cheese and best pinto beans I ever had...
2	I decided to go here for lunch with a coworker yesterday (we have an hour for lunch and work 5 minutes away). I ordered the Catfish with two sides (mac & cheese and collard greens) with cornbread. The catfish is cooked when you order so I was told my food would be brought out to me. After waiting 15-20 minutes I ask about my order and was told the chef forgot to drop the catfish. I am told that I can have a free dessert and it would be brought out to me. I ask for a to go box because I figure at this point I will not be able to eat here and get back to work on time. I then get my food and instead of collard greens I have cabbage. I go to the counter to tell them of the mistake and the older woman that works out front proceeded to tell me that my ticket did not say collard greens and was so rude about my simple request which was to be given what I ordered and paid for. So I left with a to go box of catfish, collard greens, and mac & cheese. In addition I had cabbage and a desert (neither of which I wanted). And then to top it off, I realized after leaving that I never got my cornbread. All I can say is it will be a long time and I will have to have a desperate craving for soul food before I go back. The only reason they get two stars instead of one is because the food is sooooo good. Nana's you need to step up your customer service.
5	Wear your big pants with the elastic waist when you come here. This place is amazing! The staff is so much fun and nice. The food is so good and they give you so much of it. I'm talking multiple plates with piles of food. The fried chicken was awesome but the smothered chicken was to die for. The greens were well seasoned and the mac n cheese was creamy. What really sets Nana's apart from the other soul food places in the area is that the large plates come with (wait for it) TWO MEATS whereas at most places an upgrade usually gets you another side. Also, the meals include a drink. You definitely get your money's worth here folks.
3	Nana's! There are some things that I like about this restaurant and some things that I dont. The mac-n-cheese is usually to die for and the baked chicken is fantastic when its not dry. The candied yams are always super yummy too! Service is great and the employees are friendly.The only problem I have with this establishment is consistency. Sometimes the chicken is dry or the meatloaf doesn't taste the same. Every now and then the mac-n-cheese isnt so fabulous. Many of their food items are like this. This restaurant is touch and go when it comes to how well the food tastes. I wouldn't put Nana's at the top of my list but its definitely a decent place to stop by for a quick lunch.
2	I'm pretty sure they use a store brand BBQ sauce. There are way too many better places than this.
5	Awesome Soul Food!!
4	Just happen to run across Nana's as it was in the vicinity of where I was, and I thought it was delish!  It was a great value for $10 to where I left full, and got a sample of true souther comfort food w/out feeling weighed down or overstuffed. The fried chicken was some of te best I've had - crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside - and tasty sides. The small cornbread was sweet enough that it scratched a dessert itch without having to buy a dessert. It was simple and tasty. To boot the service was friendly and fun.
5	No trip to Charlotte is complete without a stop at Nana's.  Fantastic soul food restaurant...everything they have to offer is great, and the prices are very reasonable.  All the staff is always very friendly and helpful, and the service is fast!  Everything on the menu is good...you choose two meats and then a generous portion of sides (try the Mac and Cheese!)...If you're looking for some real good food that's filling and not pricey, Nana's is THE place to go.
4	Nana's food was fantastic!  And the variety was AMAZING!! The only thing that was missing (and why I didn't give 5 stars) is because they didn't have collards on the day that I went! Everything was so good and I felt like I was at grandma's!
4	We happened into Nana's when our breakfast plans fell through! Wow- loved it. First, the guys that worked there were so nice and helpful. Second, fried chicken - moist, crunchy - - five stars!!!!Mac and cheese - delish.  The yams - omg- the best!!!!!!The corn bread wasn't so great . I gave them 4 stars because of the corn bread.Oh - I forgot- nanna pudding. Happy happy!!!!
4	If you're in the Charlotte area and are looking for Soul Food, this is a good place to check out. It's in a nice location, right near the highway and the Renaissance hotel. The restaurant is spacious. It's clean. The menu selections are broad and the prices are comparable to the portions you get. They don't put pork in the collard greens and there is a lot to choose from if you are a vegan. My only concession with this place is they use cheap plastic plates when you dine in. For a business of this caliber, I would suggest using real plates and silverware. Not only is it conducive to the environment, it's simply more tasteful. They give you a lot of food and it was hilarious to see the line cook take extra time to ensure that the food wouldn't don't drop off of the plastic plate. Other than that, I was pleased. They have TV's for you to look at and they come around and check on you, which is cool.
3	Wasn't to impressed with today's visit. I had a smothered pork chop with string beans, a roll, rice and gravy. The pork chop was tasty and tender. The string beans were good but a little to salty. The rice was bland and I didn't get enough gravy on it. The roll was dry and had no taste. They definitely need to consider a better roll or make some fresh....
4	Im a fan, i visited Nana's today for a New Years lunch and enjoyed every bite, Had black eyed peas, greens, mac and cheese, and smothered chop. It was great home cooking that I didnt have to cook. The smoothered chop was very tender, and all of the veggies were great. I will definitley be back again.
4	Flying back north tonight and knew I needed to get my fix. Don't know anything about Charlotte at all, and just happened to be staying at a hotel right next to Nana's. Generally I'll check out what fellow yelpers have to say before I pop in somewhere, but I was starving and short on time. So, flying blind, I popped into Nana's for a late lunch. A few people were in there eating but no line and no crowd. Order on the left with the pleasant staff manning the delicious heaps of food, and after you've got your meal you head to your seating area. I ended up getting the small lunch plate with fried chicken, collards and black eyed peas. Of course with some cornbread on the side. The chicken was crisp and flavorful on the outside, and perfectly juicy on the inside. Tons of flavor and meatiness in the collards, and the black eyed peas were cooked well too. Big fan. They asked when I checked out if I wanted to get dessert...I now regret saying no!Since I have no idea when the next time I'll be in Charlotte is, please go eat here for me. And don't skip dessert.
5	Great big portions! Food is Great coming back very soon! 12.99 for 2 meats 2 sides & Drink! Can't beat it.
1	Just left had my  money returned. Awful tasteless. cat fish , greens and peas. Dissapointed no soul in that food. Greasy fried way to hard. Service was indifferent and order was incorrect. Left as I arrived ,hungry.
4	I had some girlfriends in town for the weekend and by Sunday afternoon we had no food left in my house and we were starving. I'd been to Nana's before and just casually offered it up as a suggestion, as soon as my friends heard "soul food"....they practically knocked me over to get to the car. When we arrived the place was packed! This was a great sign! My friends and I had plenty of time to look at the menu and see what we wanted....not to mention this place smells amazing as soon as you walk in the door.I went with the smothered pork chops, cabbage and pinto beans and rice. My mouth is still watering from how good this meal was....the chop was so tender and the gravy has such great flavor, the cabbage has just the right about of crisp in each bite and the rice and beans were classic. YUM!!! Needless to say, I know exactly where I'll be going when I'm craving an excellent, finger licking, sleep is bound to take over my body soul food meal!
5	Food there was great, they definitely give you a lot! Staff was friendly and the service was fast. It's a shame that I don't live in North Carolina or else I would absolutely be back!!
3	This place is ok. I got the Talapia which was made to order so it was nice and hot but it wasn't seasoned. The Mac n cheese was good and the greens were decent. LaWan's is much better in my opinion.
5	Great staff. Always friendly love the chicken and home made mashed potatoes always get way too much food.  A delight to have in the area.  Real southern hospitality... Go Nana!
5	This place was the best. I had a friend that needed a bite before jumping on the plane and we decided to stop here. The lunch buffet was perfect, fried chicken was delicious. The buffet choices are numerous and it's quick when needed. I will definitely bring more of my out of town guests here !
5	Good so yah.
4	Was in Charlotte on business. I found this place on my way to my hotel.Had a the large plate with fried chicken breasts and max and cheese. It was really really good. The chicken was crispy and juicy with a great flavor.Good price as well.The service was a little slow.I'll be back! Dont miss it if you are in town.
1	I heard so much about this place that a stop was warranted. I'll be short and to the point.Great staff, very clean place, however the food had absolutely no taste at all. I ordered two fried chicken breast with mash potatoes & greens. Again, very disappointed.
1	I don't see it. Went here once for breakfast and once for lunch. Neither were good. Place is clean and the staff is great. Food was mediocre at best. Much better soul food places within a ten minute drive.
3	This review is a bit overdue (a few months).  But better late than never right?We stopped by Nana's Soul Food Kitchen when we were traveling through Charlotte.  Here are the highlights:+  Not busy+  Restaurant was clean+  Employees were very pleasant and friendly+  Food was reasonably priced+  Flavors were authentic +  Portions were HUGE!!! We will definitely be stopping by again the next time we're in the area.
5	Our meal was delicious!! We found this based the yelp review and so glad we did. The food was fresh hot and great! The portions were large and they offer a lot of choices! Great southern style foods and wonderful sweet tea. Clean and large TV's. Will stop in again when visiting the Charlotte area
5	We were in Charlotte overnight to catch a flight back to California in the morning.  We were staying at the Hyatt place and w no car we walked across the street to place w a few different restaurants.  The wonderful smell from Nanas drew us in.  The staff was so super friendly - that nice southern charm we miss so much living on the west coast.  We were welcomed in and we were studying the huge menu options when a young man said" just step up here and I'll explain everything to you" and he even offered us samples.  I had baked chicken and catfish w greens and mac n cheese.  The greens were excellent.  Not bitter at all.  The mac n cheese was so yummy.  My hubs had the fried chicken n ribs- excellent.  I could go on and on. Great place.  Go here!!!
5	I got stuck someone to the office on this rainy gloomy day so what seemed better than grabbing some legit soul food? I had heard people at my office mention this place a million times and finally decided up check it out. Holy dang! This food is delicious. I went for the standard BBQ chicken and had the Mac and Cheese and collards for my sides( oh and cornbread!) The BBQ chicken is so juicy and dripping in sauce, the Mac and cheese is thick and cheesy and the collards are crispy but have a little kick to them. I ate this all in ten mins flat and their " small" meal is is anything but small but I couldn't put my fork down. I'm going to have to start doubling up on trips to the gym because there are many more things I want to try here but the extra trips to the gym will be worth it!!!
2	Meh! Underwhelmed. Comparing with other soul food samplings I've had. Chicken was dry, mac-n-cheese sat under the heating lamps too long and the BBQ chicken included all parts of the chicken vs. just meat.
3	Stopped in today to get some soullllll food. The food was great as usual.  Definitely will be back when I'm in town again. I was upset about not having rolls...everyone do not eat corn bread! $$ :(
5	I had the "Small Plate" of Bourbon Chicken, Mac & Cheese, potato salad & cornbread for $10.  All delicious!  I could only finish half so got a to-go box, planning on bring the rest to lunch the next day but it was so good I ate the rest when I got home.  So glad I stumbled in!!
5	Ok yelpers,  this is the best soul food I've had in years.   the staff is extremely customer oriented and will quickly coach you that you had better try the fried chicken. ...or they will give you a sample! the fried chicken is incredible,  barely surpassing the limas and collards.   the collards are big leafy pieces vs the little ones my grandmother made, but just as tasty.  be sure to ask for a little vinegar.   the veggies are so tasty I'll bet they use real lard.so often a soul food place will let there food over heat or dry out.   not here. ...follow through with some sweet potatoe pie!
5	Best soul food in the area! Was terrific! Both got large plates not realizing portions were big, so much food for the price! The server helping let us try a few samples to decide what to get, that's rare at most places. Fried tilapia 2 pieces, candied yams & curry rice all was great tasting and hot from the oven.Bourbon chicken,  mac & cheese and cabbage very tasty as well. Ordered the fried catfish as 2nd meat on plate and it was huge!Will return!
1	i just recently called to enquire about calories and the person who answered (a guy) was very rude. first he could not make a estimation about how much calories are in the plate. when i explained to him while talking politely make an estimation of how much calories was in a small plate vs. a large plate the person rudely hung up. he could have given me a number and it would have been all good but now i decided not to go there.
5	Was staying at the Hyatt over the weekend and used Yelp to see what was nearby. Nana's was the first on the list and sounded good. Arrived around 2:30 on a Sunday afternoon and the place was full...which is always a good sign. We were both hungry so ordered large plates which was two meats and two sides. I seriously have never seen such large portions in my life! I got the bourbon chicken and fried chicken with black eyed peas and mac and cheese. The mac and cheese is some of the best I have ever had! Boyfriend got the curry chicken and ribs with potato salad and greens. I don't eat greens but he said they were amazing. Every single thing we ordered was delicious. We had so much food left over that we left with two take out containers and stuffed. Will definitely visit again if I'm in this area.
4	I went to Nana's during CIAA 2014 with my boyfriend and we enjoyed the food. My boyfriend had the fried fish and it was good, I ordered the smothered pork chop and chicken which was sooo good. It was our first time eating smothered pork chops and we were very pleased with the food. Our sides were between the both of us was mac & cheese, cole slaw, collards and something else I can't remember. The sides were great as well, we did get dessert strawberry short cake (delicious).I read a post where a person called about how many calories are in a small plate vs a large plate....I just want to say when it comes to eating soul food you are not thinking about how many calories is in the plate.
3	Got a veggie plate & slice if cheese cake. For 3 sides I thought it was a little expensive. Ambiance bland. They pack m in here though. I'd def come again if I was over this way but wouldn't make a special trip.
5	This is a quick service restaurant, so the rating is for this category and is solely based on the food, not the ambience.  The food was incredible!  I ordered the small plate and the portions were huge.  The mac and cheese was made with real cheese and was so creamy!  The collard greens were excellent, a hint of sweet with a nice spicy zing.  The "special of the day" jerk chicken was tender and cooked perfectly, with a flavorful OMG-so-good glaze sauce.
5	Great food!  Super nice staff. Really nice selection of food. The fried chicken is delicious and juicy. I had the curry rice side which was insanely good.  I met the owner Shawn and he is very friendly and gracious. This was a nice find and we look forward to eating here again and again.
5	Stopped here based on the reviews with my friend who wanted to go to Merts. He couldn't stop raving that: "The food is so good it makes you want to slap your Momma". It is the best fried chicken we have had and he loved the mac-n-cheese. It isn't just cheesy but it is also creamy the way a great mac-n-cheese is supposed to be. All the sides are great. He also got ribs which he thought were good too. Great place, great food and great prices!
4	Outstanding! We were staying at a nearby hotel and the shuttle bus driver recommended Nana's, and man was he right. My wife and I split the large plate with Jerk chicken, Fried chicken, mac & cheese and greens. Friendly staff, great food at a great price. A real winner!
5	Bring epic hunger!  The portions are HUGE and the food is great!  Don't walk in thinking you are just gunna take some home for later cause you will eat it all either in the restaurant or at stoplights on your way home. I had the smothered pork chop and fried chicken with mashed potatoes and pinto beans. All was excellent! Surprisingly, they have a way with beans so don't go without.
5	This is the best southern cooking I've ever had! A group of three of us went and all got different things, and we all left super happy! I will be coming here every time in pass through Charlotte.
4	Solid. The small plate is not as big as people are making it seem. White meat is 1 breast and two sides. I got a scoop of mashed potatoes and coleslaw. The coleslaw was cut kind of large, mayo tasting. They offer cornbread or a roll with your meal. All together with a drink about $10.
4	I just may have found my favorite Soul Food restaurant!  In Charlotte for the night, I Yelp'd to find Nana's and it was directly across the street from my hotel, so it couldn't be more convenient!  I actually downloaded the menu prior to going so I knew what I wanted:  Meatloaf, catfish, collard greens, and mac & cheese!  And this is just what I ordered!  Everything was so delicious that I only wish I was able to eat it the next day because I couldn't finish what was on my plate!Craving Soul Food?  Nana's satisfies!
3	The food is wholesome and well worth the price. However, this is not the soul food experience I was hoping for. Nothing is made to order and accommodations are minimal. All in all it was a good budget eatery for the locals but not, I hope, representative of real southern African American cuisine.
