2	All in all, Beso did not hit the mark, I absolutely did NOT love it.  Here are the reasons:We decided to hold a company dinner at newly opened Beso tonight (15 people), as many may be aware, corporations usually limit meals by a per diem, as was the case for us.  My admin made this clear to the staff when she made the reservation.The first thing that rubbed me the wrong way was that the waiter was very intent on selling us the Imperial Shellfish Tower ($79), I personally told him no thank you, but he kept talking!  I told him no thanks again and he said, ok, I'll check back later in case you change your mind (talk about pushy!).  15 minutes later, I totally saw the exact same waiter trying to upsell the Imperial Shellfish Tower to a different person in our party, that person said yes, and out comes 5 Imperial Shellfish Towers...Um, $400?  THE most expensive appetizer on the menu!  I clearly told him no...That was so not cool.The 2nd thing - we had 2 vegetarians in our group, so we asked the waiter to provide a vegetarian meal to accommodate those in our party with special needs.  The waiter returned and said, don't worry, we'll bring 2 veggie specials, the chef is fantastic and will create something delicious, you will not be disappointed.  The whole table gets their food, except 1 of the vegetarians.  After waiting a while, they bring out a large platter with roasted carrots, asparagus, pita bread, battered and deep fried green beans, mixed green salad, and some sliced cucumbers and apples.  First of all, the dish was a weird mix of mismatched vegetables, secondly, everything but the green beans and the pita were served cold!!!!  Not lukewarm or room temperature, just straight cold.  I mean, it seemed like the guy slapped together whatever non-meat leftovers he had in the kitchen and sent it out to us.  It was truly a huge and horrible meal.Lastly, they kept serving bottled Voss water all night, which ended up being $10 a bottle...I don't recall being asked if I would prefer bottled vs. filtered/tap water.The whole night, the staff seem very intent on providing a "great experience", so they were overly attentive, annoyingly so.  They kept mentioning to us over and over..."We really want you to have a great experience..."  I've honestly never been to an upscale restaurant that is so obvious and pushy about upselling the most expensive items on the menu, it's just straight up tacky.  Of course we blew through the per diem, not that the staff at Beso even cared.In the end, the total bill was over $1600, so I guess great experience = let's try to squeeze as much dough out of this group as possible.  If the food was to die for, I wouldn't feel as offended, but it ranged from mediocre to downright horrible.  I will probably avoid this place in the future, it's very disappointing to look forward to having dinner at a high end restaurant, pay the high end price, but get short changed on the food and the jacked service.  Especially in this economic climate.If I was ELP, I'd be pissed that these folks are representing me in such a classless and money grubbing manner.  Yuck!P.S. In regard to the location - Crystals City Center is basically a high end mall (Louis Vuitton, Van Cleef and Arpels, Tiffany, Prada, Miu Miu, etc), some stores were already open...Bring your big $$$$$!  You can get some fancy stuff.
5	From the moment we walked into Beso (Eva Longoria-Parker's new Steakhouse in Vegas at the City Center) we were shown the what great hospitality truly was. Our party was greeted with a smile and shown to our table with grace. The menu selections were as grand as the room they are served in. Old school cocktails and a solid wine list for sure. Amazing flavors on the Bone-in K.C. Strip & Salmon coupled with timely service made our experience very memorable one.
2	So we arrived on Besos opening night with high expectations.  We were greeted warmly by a couple of waiters and quickly offered drinks.  We indicated we wanted "regular water" since anyone that goes to Vegas knows they will charge you for bottled water.  Wine list presented we ordered a bottle and later found out that they did not yet have many of the bottles and even some on the mix drinks on their drink menu.  No big deal, there was still lots to choose from.  We decided to order various different appetizers instead of entrees in order to try out a variety of foods.  So disappointing.  They make a big deal about Eva's special guacamole only to get a big glob of mediocre guacamole that costs $10.  I make it better for about $4.  Then their beef tar tare was a big glob of diced, unseasoned beef on a bed of mashed potatoes.  So unappealing!  The taco sampler was like ordering from a taco truck.  Lastly, our fourth appetizer never made it to our table.  Whether they forgot or not I am unsure, but when we decided to cancel it they took soo long to return to our table with the updated bill we almost got up to find the manager.  They apologized for the delay stating the first night is always a problem in the kitchen.  How sad considering all we ordered were appetizers.  I do admire the tranquil beauty of the place, however it does not ultimately make up for the less than spectacular food that doesn't really convey a latin theme.  It is a Hodge podge of different foods that are less than memorable.  I wish I could say something better but it all boils down to the food.  There is definately better places to eat.
4	Came here for drinks with some friends the other night. It's cozy, but it was also somewhat empty. The drinks cost as much a you'd expect for a brand new place in city center.The outdoor seating is going to be absolutely phenomenal during the spring; I can't wait to come, grab a great steak, have a few beers, relax in the sun, glitz and glamor of the city center.Friendly, attractive bar staff and hostesses. Will definitely be here again; it's sort of between Aria and Mandarin, so it will be a great middle bar. View bar to Beso to Mandarin Bar!Four stars for ambiance, service, and future potential.
3	I've eaten at the Hollywood location and thought the food was alright.  After having some drinks at the Mandarin Oriental decided to give Beso another try.  Beso has a romantic  ambiance and great location with a fountain view.   As soon as my date and I sat down we were greeted by one of the wait staff who was so intent on selling us a bottle of wine.  After making it clear 3 times that we didn't want a bottle she finally stopped pushing and we ordered some mixed drinks.  Our waiter then came to take our order but again just like his associate kept pushing for the up sell and items we did not want again not taking no for an answer, I found this to be very annoying.  I've eaten at a lot of restaurants in Vegas but have never had a wait staff so blatantly disregard my initial response.   I finally ordered the bone in fillet and my date had the pan seared salmon, both meals were average at best, plenty of better steaks and restaurants in Vegas.  Overall- Beautiful restaurant, average cuisine for the money, great specialty cocktails and extremely pushy waiters.
1	This review is based on food and drinks. Horrible service, mediocre product. If you decline the constant upsells they will ignore you. I'm sure it will do well due to its location and everyones willingness to support the club. As for the food and drinks so many better places worth exploring. I'm going to put this in the same category as Tao it will be fun to party at (anticipating) but better eating elsewhere.
1	BESO VEGAS is a BUST!!! I ate here with 13 of my friend's for a birthday party who are all locals out looking for a good meal, but should of kept looking because we didn't find it here. First of all the hostess at the front door looked like a pit-bull with a personality to match, but for some reason couldn't keep her hands off waist line...why I have no ideas either and she wasn't aware we even had a party here as well. Let me just say the waitstaff was nice... the FOOD OMG is Todd English crazy to put his name on this restaurant or is his food really that disgusting. Of course with 13 people we had a variety...the Lobster, was bad, smelled bad, rubbery and under cooked in some cases. The steak was small and I asked for medium rare, it was served well done. No one was satisfied, and EXTREMELY disappointed....we expected so much more from Eva and Todd English, does cute little Eva know her restaurant is run like s--t or does she not care? Okay, so we said something to the giant Manager Chad that the food was horrible, he looked at me like I was crazy and said,, "what can I do," I said it is to late now....then I asked him who was the General Manager, he then gets ROY the GM...who hired this loser...first of all I think he was buzzed as he was sweating and shaking like a leaf as well, was a as arrogant, and a pompous a--! We just left....LOL...DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE....FOOD IS HORRIBLE, AND MANAGEMENT COULD CARE LESS ABOUT THE GUEST. BESO LAS VEGAS CAN BESO MY A--! PS: TO EVA...TAKE YOUR PRETTY FACE AND NAME OFF THIS ONE! UNLESS YOU ARE NOTHING MORE THAN A DESPERATE HOUSEWIFE
4	My husband & I knew Beso opened this month, but we where not sure which hotel it would be located until we came across it by coincidence.  We decided to make reservations the same night we found it and we have to say we had a great time!!!  The views to the new hotel are amazing, but I was not a big fan to see a photo shoot while walking in?  The service was over the top.  Our server made us feel welcomed and was very attentive.  She did recommend some of her favorites.  We did try the appetizer she recommend, but was not a big fan.  She was able to exchange the appetizer, but it came out after our main course.  She seemed a little concerned, but we made no issue of it.  It was not her fault.  Overall our favorito was the salmon and the plantines!!!  And of course the Cucumber Spa Drink!!!I think it's a great place.  I loved the chandeliers and I personally liked the lighting.  I think it fits the name.
2	Don't waste you money on this one, I was expecting so much more with the name " Eva Longoria" attached to it, but this was a big disappointment. I like latin flair...this was just overprice food, rude managers and bad cocktails. The restaurant was pretty and our table had a nice view of the shooting fountain, but I don't have anything good to say about the restaurant. There is so much fine dining in Las Vegas like Alize at the Palms, perfect every time for less than 270.00. Our tab was over 270.00 for two for a dinner that should have been 75.00.
1	Wow. And this is not a good wow at all.Did NOT expect such bad food here. My fellow diners said they had better steaks from Outback, possibly Sizzler and Cocos.The waiters seem programmed to try to upsell everything. The only "amazing" food on the menu from the kitchen are the highest priced items. Considering how much amazing food is available in Vegas, Beso sucks some major donkey balls. The various managers are completely useless.  The manager we got to "work" with Chad Jahn is beyond useless. The consensus is that he's an ex-bouncer and doesn't even know how to manage to make a drink much less manage a high-profile restaurant.There seems to be too many staff running around pretending to be busy than actually working.  I saw no less than 3 managers pretty much walking the floor doing nothing.  None of them went up to any tables to inquire about the food, the service or anything that would normally be relevant to their jobs. There were too many hostesses worried about their outfits and make-up and being seen. Now, onto the food. Again, WOW. It was beyond awful--once it actually came out.  Apparently our ticket got dropped TWICE by the kitchen. And, did any manager come out to apologize and try to make nice? Uh, that'd be a no.That's where the wonderful and awfully helpful /insert sarcasm here Chad came over. And he only came over because we actually asked the waiter where the manager was and why he wasn't the one trying to sooth things over with us.  Instead, we told him what we expected from our service. Comped food, a steep discount and free dessert/coffee/tea. At least he had the competency to do that, so I guess there is some hope. BUT, the best part is--he wasn't the one telling us. Our poor waiter was the one breaking the news. Isn't that a manager's job?The waiter and his trainee were so sweet and trying to help out, but honestly, what else can they do? I think they pretty much gave up when they knew how much of the dinner was going to be cut, therefore reflecting their tip. We made sure they were compensated for their work. As for the main tab? Aw hale naw.  Took whatever discount they gave us. Normally our group would order 1-2 desserts to share. Yeah, call us greedy and bitter, but we each ordered one.  The sad thing is? Even the dessert took 15 minutes to come out AND it wasn't good.The one star was because our waiter actually tried so hard.Final report: More style than substance.
1	Beso Off  is the best way to put it. A restaurant that needs to be shuttered - and in a city where there are many other choices, most likely will not continue to survive as the place does not seem to really care about the issues with the restaurant.And cheap food  - as in quality, not price. Or, the head chef is just way too enamored with salt, which is usually used to hide the cheap flavoring of sub-par steaks, especially the way that they slather it on everything.So, this is a cluster beyond clusters. We came here for a business dinner because the Los Angeles location has good reviews. Big mistake.The wait, etc was not bad. We made a reservations, they sat us when we had more than 50 percent of our party there. The wait staff - Craig and Angie - were super nice, very charming and had more common sense than the assistant manager on duty, Chad Jahn. Yep, totally using the full name.So, let's start with the cluster:A) Fire in the kitchen (grease fire) that made the whole place smoky. The grill is right there, so you can "see" them cooking steaks. Big whoop, sorta cool, but OBVIOUSLY too small for a restaurant of the size. And, apparently, the back kitchen is just as bad.B) Our salads/soups come out fine - nothing spectacular, but not terrible - and then we wait for the steaks. And wait. And wait. Oh, by the way, it's only 8.30 when we sit down but they're already out of the bone-in filet which the waiter talked up. How do you run out of a steak by 8.30 PM? Kitchen incompetence??C) We're still waiting for our steaks. It's a good 45 minutes post-finishing our salads and appetizers. We're still waiting. And still waiting.D) Angie and Craig are proactive, and good wait staff; they come up to us and apologize about the wait. It's not their fault - the kitchen is run by incompetents, but they do their job and do it well. E) The steaks come out ... medium rare. Not the medium that was ordered but the medium rare. We send them back, and one comes back ... charred on the outside, but still rare/medium rare. He's too nice to send it back, and the issue is that the kitchen is backed up so just sending out steaks. Good way to settle a problem with an incompetent kitchen staff: send out undercooked meat and hope they don't send it back to cause more setback in the kitchen. Idiots.F) I ask for the manager - the man with no freakin' sense to come to our table. This would be Chad Jahn, who looks like a former bouncer that has been elevated to restaurant manger. Demote him back to bouncer, that's what he seems he'd be good at. We talk to him, tell him the issues ... and he never checks up on us again. Good management skills, asshat!! Oh, and he doesn't acknowledge our issues when we leave. He did take care of the bill, but I think he had to be told to do that (I told him we're getting free desserts). G) I got churros. I like churros. The churros at Costco are better than Beso. Um, useless kitchen staff, churros are served hot. H) So, while walking outside with the colleague for her to smoke, we pass by former colleagues and they ask how it went. We told them it sucked, to leave. There was this long-haired guy listening to us. I'd noticed him for a bit walking around, so I said "are you one of the owners" and he said, no, he's just waiting for a friend. Um, found out he is one of the owners. If, as an owner, you cannot take responsibility for your poor service and food, the restaurant as a whole are doomed. Nice sidestepping and not taking ownership, long-haired 80's rocker looking dude!! His (or Chad's) solution to the fire and the wait was to offer free Sangria. Thanks, and those that don't drink thank you also. Idiots.I) Like I noted, the food was salty. The steaks had a salt layer that should not be necessary if they are really Harris Ranch. The string beans, mushrooms and other vegetables were slathered with salt as well. Salt is a lazy additive for poor quality and tasting food. Draw your own conclusions here. We got out of there 3 1/2 hours later, when it should have been 1 1/2 hour dinner. It's not because we were socializing, but because it was just waiting and waiting and waiting and then sending back food and waiting. The place is a train wreck rapped up in hipster clothing (well, like most things hipster) and the management (and owner) seem unable to manage or take ownership of the problems and issues. Good riddance for when it shuts down (the chef should not be a head chef), but our wait staff rocked and should be at a better place.Eva Longoria Parker should be ashamed her name is associated with this place. But, it might not be that long before others force it out. I heard Mastro's is opening in Vegas...Update: Yay!  A fake review posted by an employee or PR person for the restaurant!! Thanks Megan!
1	The potential is there...they just haven't reached a high point, or middle point yet.  It is a beautiful setting, as one would expect of a place boasting of Ms. Longoria's name.  But salt does not make a bad meal better.  Beso was the 180 degree opposite of Blossom (http://www.yelp.com/biz/blossom-las-vegas#hrid:DjkOXY3XGSGMJsi5lx6vbw) in the ARIA in terms of flavor.  The chefs should take turns at each other's kitchens, and maybe sharing each other's secrets would help the other out.
4	Not a big fan of the Hollywood location but the Vegas location has much better food and the service is excellent.  The crowd is cheesy but hey this is Vegas guys! I had the Sea Bass which was perfect. The pretzel bread was to die for.  The short ribs were a bit salty but they changed it and it was just fine. Prices are high but it's a pretty restaurant in the new Aria so I would give it a shot for sure.
2	my bf and I were going to check out eve that night so we decided to grab some drinks and food at Beso's bar beforehand.  The restaurant was nicely decorated and had a trendy feel with sparkly chandeliers throughout.  There's a dining room, a  square bar and lounge tables.  We ordered off the specialty drink menu and they were delicious!  I ordered the white sangria and my bf tried the frisco.  For our meal we shared the guacamole, tortilla soup and the paella.  The guac was nothing special, we get better at whole foods, tortilla soup tasted bad like it was burnt or something and needed salt-very bland.  and the paella was nothing special.  We could tell the paella was not made to order.  We've had way better paella for a lot less than $36.  The bar staff was very nice, although it was hard to get someone's attention at times.  Our experience here wasn't horrible, but we probably won't go back.
1	Despite reading all the "positive" reviews of this restaurant,  decided to try it out.   A couple of good things - the reader's reviews are highly accurate and reliable, except for the ones that rated this restaurant with four or five stars.   And it seems that after being in business for more time and overcoming opening issues, they have managed to be very consistent as to food (not in a good way)....Facilities are interesting and creative; service was for the most part, bordering on the overly attentive, as two waitresses are assigned to the table.  They were friendly and generally informative (in that sort of I don't go out to places like this much, but Beso seems like a cool restaurant........).Food was mediocre at best - guacamole must have been made days before and lacked any freshness; paella tasted like paste, chicken was dry, and lobster was mushy; ceviche was tasted fishy.   All of this culminated in massive worries about waking up with food poisoning the next day which fortunately, didn't occur.  That said, the food wasn't worth the price or our effort to go there, and there are many better places in Las Vegas to try.And btw - if you like martinis with blue cheese olives, they list a very tasty one on the menu - but beware if you order three or more olives for this $15 martini - they will charge you $3 per each additional olive over 2.......   And what's with pushing the wine - three times asked if we wanted wine.   Given the cuisine here, seems like selling sake in a taco restaurant.Not recommended, and definitely not returning.   Even if Eva shows up....
3	Nothing about Beso, in particular, makes me want to return for a second visit. We had a reservation but were advised to wait at the bar an extra 10-15 minutes prior to being seated in a dining room with many open tables- most likely to squeeze an extra $13 for a Jack Daniels & $14 for a Belvedere cocktail from us.We were seated at a nice, ample booth looking out at the City Center fountain/cul de sac and with view of the entire dining room. The service was very professional and informed. Their lobster bisque was extremely salty. Lobster mac & cheese was yummy, as a leftover- from what my date later told me. I thought it was a unique cut of meat to offer, but for $48, their 16oz bone-in Filet left much to be desired. I later learned that several other restaurants in the city were offering bone-in filet cuts. Overall, a one-time experience. There are many other steakhouses in town that I would opt to go to before Beso.
4	I don't really understand all the bad reviews. I went here on Superbowl weekend and had a damn good steak. I had the bone in fillet and my friends had the taco tasting, roasted chicken, mac and cheese, and mushrooms. Everything I tried was good with alot of flavor. Service was typical nothing fabulous but not bad either.
1	Why doesn't Yelp offer negative stars?  Service was good.  The waiter and waitress that tended to our table were very nice and as helpful as could be.Now for the food;Ordered Guacamole with Chips to start.  It was nothing more than avocado mashed with lime juice and tomato mixed in.  No cilantro, onion or jalapeno.  The chips were similar to those at Moe's.There were 6 of us all ordering different salads and entrees ranging from tuna, to paella, to steak and not one of us enjoyed any of the dishes that were ordered.   Every dish lacked flavor and dimension.  We were all grabbing for the salt and pepper, which shouldn't happen in a restaurant that is charging $30 - $50 for an entree.   As someone in our party said "Don't give up your day job, Eva!".In the future, we will listen to the reviews here and go elsewhere.
1	Service was great! Food not soo, I ordered the Romaine salad and all it was, was a that a romaine Head for 12.00 my friend ordered the Tortilla soup- what a joke! We were trying to watch what we ate considering we were in cute dresses ready to dance at her club and didn't want to over stuff ourselves. Margarita was 20.00. They charge you for your glass of water which you don't even ask for they just bring to you a whooping $4 bucks! Oh I forgot I ordered baby clams as an Appetizer they were the size of a penny!
1	pretty bad.snooty waiters.they try to put a fancy twist to the food but it doesnt work.the paella was way too bland. the mac n cheese was more like macaroni w a hint of cheese. very dry.and the garlic mashed was way too salty.
2	This place is ridiculously overpriced.There was a large group of us (34 people?) that came here. We made a reservation for 10PM, and specifically told them that we needed to be out of there by 11:30PM because we needed to be at the Bellagio by 12AM.We all got there about 5 minutes late. They made us wait another 25 minutes. We didn't all sit down and get fully situated until 10:30PM. We were told over the phone that they would section off a corner of the restaurant for us, and we would have 1 long table. we ended up being at 2 long tables, at different parts of the restaurant. They totally split our party in half! The food is ridiculously overpriced. The cheapest entrees on the menu was $28, which was chicken and salmon. Almost everyone ordered either the salmon or chicken. Everyone that had the salmon said it was way overcooked. Everyone that had the chicken said it was way to salty and kept drinking water.We were also celebrating 2 birthdays and specifically told them. They brought out desserts for the 2 birthdays, but it took them forever. We tried to have them rush the check. We got our check and it seemed like we were going to make it to the Bellagio in time, but we waited about 30 minutes trying to flag someone down and pay them as well as have them charge a couple of credit cards.Service was ok, nothing spectacular. They also automatically tack on an extra 25% tip for parties of 8 or more rather than the standard 15% or 18%.
3	We were staying at Aria and we decided to have dinner at Beso.  I love Eva Longoria's restaurant in Cali and so I had high expectations for Beso.  The booths are nice and comfy but the service leaves a lot to be desired.  My filet steak was just average and the prices are very high,  cocktails started at $14 and up.  We had an app of guac and chips and that was below average.  As I mentioned I love Eva's restaurant in Cal but I was disappointed in Beso at City Center.
2	You know, for it being such an upscale restaurant, I expected way better service and food. I'm really disappointed in myself for not reading these reviews before we decided to go, as it would have saved us a lot of money. First off, I don't understand why we are asked to wait fifteen minutes when there are plenty tables that are visibly open for seating. After a half hour passed (mind you, we were the only party waiting), we had to walk back up to the host counter to bring it to their attention that we were still waiting to be seated... apparently the had forgotten about us. The best part? The host was visibly on his cell phone in front of customers-- how is this professional at all? Does he not realize that he is the first person that potential customers see? For starters, we ordered the guacamole as the appetizer, which was kept simple and nice, although I don't think I would pay $10 for it again. Their tortilla soup was also a little too brothy for me. For being a type of restaurant with a little mexican/latino "flavor", you would think that a dish like this would taste a little more authentic. I really hoped the food would be all it was priced to be, but $42 for a fillet mignon A LA CARTE? Oh, and lets not forget the $13 truffle mashed potatoes that tasted like they came fresh out of a box. Is it sad to say that I've had better mashed potatoes at a cheap dive bar? Come on! Its pretty obvious that the restaurant cares more for the presentation of the food rather than the quality. I have had way better food and service for a fraction of what we paid at this restaurant, unfortunately.
4	I'm not sure why the reviews are so negative on this one. I had dinner on back to back nights at Beso and Olives (both Todd English) and I preferred Beso. Having enjoyed several upscale meals, I agree Beso is not 5 stars, but it is a solid choice. The service was attentive and we were seated right away. They did have a stand for our purses, which I thought was cute. I had the Ahi Tuna which was recommended by our server and was wonderful! The fish was cooked perfectly and had a nice spicy crust. The crab and polenta it was severed with were very creamy. I also had a Blueberry Zoo cocktail which I found quite tasty. My husband had the 12 oz fillet (he did say he wished he had order the blue cheese crust). It was cooked properly and he enjoyed it a lot. We had the plantain creme brulee which was nice creamy. I thought it was much better than the creme brulee at Olives (burned crust, not as smooth). It did tend the expensive side for the overall experience, but food was very good and the visit was worth it.
1	Apparently I had no luck with expensive meals in Vegas...Beso included.  The first bread basket came out and the pretzels were good.  So good that we reqested another basket.  After reminding the waiter at least two times...we finally get one -- but the pretzels were cold.  Like they were sitting in a refrigerator...ugh.  So it comes time to order and I wanted the chicken dish with the truffle oil mash potatoes instead of just regular mash potatoes.  I was willing to pay extra..but apparently thats not allowed.  Since me and a friend were splitting the meal we decided to splurge and just get the truffle oil mash potatoes on the side.  The chicken was dry and the truffle oil mash potatoes were cold.  We complained and asked if we could have them heated up.  The server told us he would bring us out a new dish.  Too bad the next ones were so watery it looked like soup.  Thankfully we got the $13 mash potatoes taken off the bill, but still very expensive for horrible quality food.
1	I feel so bad for this place. They try to imitate Mastros Menu...  I wish I could it read the reviews before I went there, it was the worst night of my live, it cost me 3 hours in the toilet... I stayed at the Aria so I decided to go make reservations, the place have a fire alarm that went off for about 20 mins, people were complaining but hey they really didn't care about it...  a couple in front of us left. People were angry... My appetizer was that nasty lobster bisque, I found a long piece of hair... Then my petit filet, I wanted it well done but they gave it to me bloody, the cream of spinach had a weird taste... Then I felt sick I asked for the restroom and they didn't have one inside so you have to go all the way out inside City Center Crystals...I decide to get back to the hotel and everything literally came out of me...  The food definitely was bad.  Don't waste your money at Beso in Vegas  and dont take a chance on your health... Very sad!!!
1	Worst meal I've had in 10 years.  Let's take a walk down Disaster Ave...1. We got pushed to the "lounge" for 20 minutes before being seated despite mulitple open tables, just like another reviewer.  $14 cocktails...rediculous.2. On the way to our table, the hostess blurts out "Ooops!" and pulls a 180 right into the glass of red wine I was holding...all over my white shirt.  "I'm sorry...totally my fault" she said and sat us down...while handing me the bar tab.  It's $96 for 5 vodka sodas and a glass of wine.  I'm about ready to punch someone.  "Can I do anything for that" she asks.  "How about taking care of this bar tab" I replied.  We never saw her again.3.  The one positive experience was the waiter.  Very energetic and went out of his way to help clean my shirt, although it was a lost cause.4.  Now the menu...the most overpriced menu I've ever seen.  I was at Mastro's 2 nights before and this joke of a restaurant was about 20% MORE expensive than a well respected steakhouse (which was great, by the way, and about a 90 second walk from Beso's entrance...hint, hint.)5.  There were 7 of us and they were out of 3 people's first choice of entree.  Really?  At 10:00 on the Friday of a huge fight weekend (Mayweather vs Mosley) they ran out of not 1 but at least 3 entrees?  How is that possible?  Incompetence, as many here have noted.6. We order, and we wait...and wait...and wait.  Appetizers come.  No comment, almost forgot about them when trying to remember the night's events.  Entrees arrive...take a look at the photo to see what a $36 pork chop looks like (if I can figure out how to do that on Yelp...I signed up for the sole purpose of warning people about this place).  And consistent with other reviews, it was liberally salted.7.  By now I'm wondering when the manager is going to come over to appologize for the wine incident, but pretty certain he's not coming and would venture to guess that he didn't even know about it.8.  We all pass on desert and get out of there in about 2 hours.This place is a bar that serves food, and nothing more.  It is insanely expensive and the food really isn't any good.  The waiter was competent and a good guy, but the hostess ruining my shirt and doing nothing about it is unacceptable at a place this expensive.  I considered having a conversation with the manager before leaving, but I would rather not help this place survive...it needs to die, quickly, before anyone else wastes their money.
5	Wow, I can't believe this place is only getting a 2 star Yelp rating.  I went into this restaurant a little skeptical (desperate housewife star=good restaurant ??), but left extremely impressed.  Maybe we just got lucky, but everything we had, including our service was topnotch and excellent.  It's not cheap, but if your going to spurge, this is a great spot.  My wife had the regular fillet ($?) and I had the bone-in fillet ($50) and both were perfectly cooked to melt in your mouth.  I highly recommend the mushroom and truffle macaroni and cheese.  It's strange giving such a great review when so many people have not had a good experience, but our one experience here was awesome.  Maybe we just got lucky.
5	Ladies Who Lunch: Beso Me MuchoWow, surprised at all of the bad reviews here.  Not my experience at all, so bucking the trend. Beso is the restaurant collaboration of Eva Longoria and Chef Todd English.  Where better to dine than at the restaurant of one of the Desperate Housewives?Located in the Crystals shopping complex, Beso takes full advantage of its location with floor to ceiling windows that overlook the entrance to the Aria Hotel and the entire City Center complex. This total immersion into the cityscape works quite nicely and compliments the decor.  I would describe the decor of Beso as "modern luxury".  Half circle banquettes line the windows and the outer walls of the restaurant with a sea of detached tables in between.  Walls, floors and tables in dark lush woods work harmoniously with crystal chandeliers that drip light from the ceiling like a rain shower of light, glistening and trickling above the diners.  The chandeliers are made from the Swarovski Crystal curtain that was featured at the 2009 Academy Awards. The lighting is suitably dark to make the atmosphere both relaxing and romantic. Pulsing club music played in the background and I scrutinized the music, thinking that it was perhaps a bit too frenetic. I finally decided that it was actually a good match for the overall feel of the restaurant.I truly believe that atmosphere is an integral part of the dining experience and Beso has created an atmosphere that is very, as they put it, luxuriously hip.  Yes, atmosphere is important to me, but the cuisine needs to live up to the atmosphere as well.  I am happy to say that Beso delivers on both counts.  Beautifully presented, each dish we had was prepared and seasoned perfectly.  First course for my companion was the Shellfish Tower, consisting of Maine lobster, jumbo shrimp, oysters, little neck clams. P.EI. mussels and ceviche. It was accompanied by sauces in which to dip the seafood, from cocktail sauce, sangria mignonette and horseradish to grainy mustard aioli and fresh lemons and limes.  Originally from New England, my companion is a giant shellfish lover and he gave two thumbs up to the Shellfish Tower.  I started our meal with the Beso Beso salad, a salad of bibb lettuce with a champagne vinaigrette and halves of yellow and red pear tomatoes.  The simplicity of the freshness of the lettuce and the light and flavorful vinaigrette made this a perfect starter for me.Now on to the main course.  My companion had the Filet Mignon, ordered Medium Rare but on the rare side.  Upon cutting into the filet, it proved to be a bit too rare and was sent back for a few more minutes on the grill.  But that is exactly why it had been ordered on the rare side, because you can always cook it more, but if it is too done, you are out of luck.  Upon its return, the filet was cooked to my companion's tastes perfectly.  He also complimented the tenderness and flavor of the filet.  Mdivani, the vegetarian, opted for a plate of their sides: grilled asparagus, wild mushrooms and sauteed green beans.  I also ordered a side of their Herb Beso Fries.  The vegetables and mushrooms were all perfectly prepared and seasoned.  I thoroughly enjoyed this vegetable platter and the Beso Fries were excellent.  In fact, they were a little too good and I ended up fighting over them with my companion :)  Beso has a great wine list and a lovely bottle of merlot accompanied the meal quite nicely. I was stuffed by this point, considering I had indulged in a late afternoon chardonnay and appetizer break at the Bellagio a few hours earlier.  However, I had to try at least one of their deserts.  On a waiters recommendation, we tried the Cinnamon Sugar Dusted Churros with chantilly cream and caramel sauce.  These are NOT the churros that you find at Disneyland at all.  They were slightly crispy on the outside and remarkably light and airy on the inside with just the right amount of cinnamon sugar dusting them.  The caramel sauce for dipping was very flavorful without being overly sweet.  None of the churros stayed on the plate for very long.I don't always have the best of service in restaurants (I seem to wear my invisibility cloak when dining out).  At Beso, the service lived up to the atmosphere and decor.  The waiters were extremely friendly and attentive as were the support staff and made sure that our every need was taken care of.As mentioned earlier, Beso is owned by Eva Longoria, but there is nothing desperate about this place and I would highly recommend giving it a try.www.ladieswholunchtravel.com for full review
1	So disappointed that we all came here with such high hopes.We came here as guests of some companies we do business with, good thing that our hosts were great company cause if we had solely been there for the food we'd be pissed.  We were a group of about 20.  They had the music so loud that we couldn't hear the waiter tell us the specials, yet he kept giving us dirty looks for talking! We ordered a few appetizers which came within a half hour.  Then some ordered soups & salads waited for those for another 45 minutes.. It was close to 11 p.m. and finally someone asked the waiter what was going on with our main course, all he could say its coming shortly.  WTH we had been there since 8:30.  Finally the steaks came out, at least for some.  They left the side dishes sitting to the side, while they went to check on the other orders.  Needless to say the manager was unapologetic as well as the wait staff.  The only one on top of his game was the water boy! I'd never recommend this place, not even to my worst enemy.  Vegas has so many great dining options, stay away from this joint!
4	Okay COME ON! When you are in LAS VEGAS and you tack a CELEBRITY name to a CELEBRITY chef, expect to wait and expect to pay! I cant believe people are shocked!Okay, now on the MY review....I just ate here Friday night and couldn't have been more pleased. We had a reservation for 7pm and were sat right away. As for everyone complaining about service we had a waiter, a water boy, a bus boy, someone even brought a little stool for me to put my purse on and someone came and swapped our wine glasses and utensils between each course. Yes it was expensive, but we know that going into it. Also, when you order a steak expect the meat on a plate, nothing else. The bread basket was nice and tasty, the guacamole left little to be desired, but my Petite Filet was delicious! I ordered it Medium with the Red Wine sauce and it was delicious. We also had the Skirt Steak and Halibut which I didn't hear anyone complain about! As for sides we just shared some good old Green Beans and Mash. Nothing fancy, but very tasty.
5	I guess Beso may be a toss up (based on the comments made on here), but I walked away happy to have decided to pop in for some drinks and an appetizer (was just walking by and decided to check it out).  "Luxuriously Hip" as was mentioned earlier is the perfect way to describe it - beautiful down to every last detail.  Shared the lobster macaroni and cheese (decadent!) and LOVED the Sangria (Seriously, the best I've ever had).  Also tried the "Raspberry Beso" (Belvedere Black Raspberry, Briottet Cassis, Fresh Raspberries, Lemon, Red Bull Float), which was good too.  Would definitely come back for more.
3	Beso is a beautiful restaurant located inside of the City Center.  The restaurant looks great with giant chandeliers and a wall of large windows overlooking the Aria.  The service was average and the wait time for food is long. My wife and I ordered the 8oz. Petit Steak with lobster tail added on.  The steak was cooked to order and was very tender and juicy.  The lobster tail was very small and overcooked.  Everyone else in our party said they enjoyed their food, but for what you spend there are many better options. Beso was great to try, but I do not expect a return.
3	for the price that eva longoria spent on the decor, she may be trying to make up for the amount by creating a way overpriced menu...even for vegas standards. ambiance is amazing, beautiful chandeliers, details on the design pallet are lovely, and very comfortable to eat in.most women dress up for dinner in vegas, so be prepared to walk like a geisha on the wood floors because they are really slick. that includes the long trip up the elevator to her night club EVE if you need to use the restroom.we had the halibut for $39 and its a tiny portion with a little sauce and the shrimp louie salad the size of a child's hand for $19. both ok dishes. what we did enjoy was the SANGRIA!!!!! YUM!!!!overall, ok place. great service made up for it and a good place to get together for a romantic or casual event, and bach party (5 were going on).that night eva and tony appeared upstairs at her club for a birthday party for tony.
2	Beso is beautiful just like Eve the Nightclub but I felt like the menu prices are highly inflated for what you get.  Shared the crab cake appetizer, ordered the Beso burger for my entree and had the Smores dessert.  The Smores dessert was a little too sweet for my liking and I like sweet.  We didn't have reservations so we had to sit at one of the tiny entry tables by the bar where you enter so maybe I would have had a better experience paying inflated prices at an actual table.  Our server was extremely friendly and a manager did check in on us but I  would say there are better options on Strip for what you will spend here on a meal.
4	We decided to walk around Aria and this is where we ended for dinner. This place, being owned by Eva Longoria, I was skeptical. The dinner was a little overpriced, but the ambiance and the meal is worth it! And hey, we're on vacation, so why not? :) The lobster cocktail was different, but definitely delicious! The lobster bisque was delicious and on point. The food just had this aroma from far away and I knew it was my plate coming. The lamb was magnificent, you can tell that it's Australian lamb, but still delicious nonetheless! Hubby had the grilled lobster tail, which I had a bite of, and it was a lot of moisture, flavor and juiciness on every bite! For dessert, we got the plantains con creme and a few drinks to relax at the lounge. Delicious! I loved the dessert! Very different! It lost a star because the waitress was a little slow and the host took awhile to seat us, which isn't fun when you're in high heels. But this place has beautiful decor and fun drinks!
5	As soon as we walked in, we recieved great customer service!  The food is amazing and so is the atmosphere. For a few moments it was nice to eat somewhere & realize that you weren't in the middle of Vegas. Everyone at my table liked their entree and definetly no complaints about the drinks. The portions were rather large. We did start with chips & guacolmole and that was the only thing we were not a fan of. After dinner you can dance off those calories upstairs at Eve!  Way to go Eva Longoria Parker!  Great restaurant in the heartvif Vegas!
4	The bf and I were looking for a place to eat before going to see the Viva Elvis show at Aria. I have hear mix reviews about Beso, from friends and on Yelp. The inside decor was nice and comfortable; huge crystal chandeliers. We had outdoor seating, since the weather was so nice. Our waiter was very nice and friendly. Recommended a couple of drinks; Pink Kiss & Pineapple & Sage Mojito which were delicious!We each got a Caesar Salad, uncut iceberg lettuce with a crouton wrapped around the lettuce and dressing. It was a fancy looking salad but that was about it.For our main course, I got the SEARED TUNA ADOBO (with jumbo lump crab, grilled tomato, grits, brown butter vinaigrette) and the bf got the 8 oz. Petit Filet with Mac & Cheese (with lobster). We were both impressed with our meals. The tuna was a cooked well and looked bigger than the 8 oz. Filet. The Filet was requested to be cooked Medium plus, but came out Medium Well, which was still good. The Mac & Cheese was great! We didn't try their desserts since we had the show and got drinks there.Overall the experience was nice. I would probably go back for drinks, but it seemed kind of slow for 4th of July weekend.
4	Red Bull is (to use my friend, Andrew's, favorite phrase), "An abomination to the Lord." It tastes like poison. I have never appreciated a drink that contained Red Bull. I always order red bull drinks, though, hoping that someone, somewhere or somehow, has stirred a powerful set of liquids together to magically make the taste of Taurine disappear. Beso's strawberry martini effectively hides the bite of Taurine by pairing it with complimentary flavors. The martini is not too sweet. It's absolutely delicious. I would return to Beso just for that drink.The Chocolate Martini is the best I have ever had, and I typically don't enjoy chocolate martinis because they're too sweet, liquory, creamy or coffee-y. Beso manages to accomplish the tough balance among those flavors.I was sharing these martinis with my BF, in case you're wondering why I ordered drinks with flavors I normally don't like. I can only recommend drinks at the bar because I haven't tried the food. The bartenders are quick, talented, and super friendly. We probably paid $15-20 for each martinis.
3	I had to take 1 star off for the interior design. UHM....why would you have sofas with tables in front of it and then put small little stools around it and call it a dining table. Literally have to bend down to eat, not very comfortable especially if you're dressed up for clubbing after. It's also really loud for a restaurant, had to shout over the music and other people shouting over the music. Haha. no beuno. ANYWAYS...the food...mmm... was..okay. The only thing I REALLY liked was the salsa & guac appetizer. It had a stronger hint of citrus than most guacs and being a citrus lover I could've eaten it allllll daayy hahaha. The salad...was meh....the dressing was meh, not good enough in my opinion to match with the bitterness arugula. The main dish was chicken and potatoes with some sort of horseradish sauce on top.It's a nice restaurant but nothing spectacular. Or maybe it was just the items we got.
4	I scarf down food so quick, I don't know really the difference between all the steaks, but their filet mignon I have ordered and had to pause. It is absolutely tasty. I even had to comment on it to the waiter and it is because they are grown organically from California.Steaks are great. They also have real horseradish for a bit of spice. The oysters as an appetizer are fantastic and the crab cakes have a lot of crab in them.A bit on the expensive side, and also on the trendy side as well. Noisy, and hard to have a solid conversation, but a nice ambiance. The night club is upstairs and this is where to go for the restrooms. Seems a bit easy to get reservations at 5:30 -6:30, but starts to fill up fast afterwards. Been there three times as it is a nice experience for locals.
5	Great steak and service.
5	I absolutely Loved this place! The food was amazing. To begin, the bread they serve, was warm and tasty. My table ordered oysters as  appetizers, but I didn't try them since I'm not a fan of oysters. They seemed to truly enjoy them.  For entrees, my fiance and I ordered Filets. My steak was flavourful and delicious! The quality of the meat spoke for itself and didn't need any of the additional sauces that they serve as an option. As my fiance described it, the steak "cut like butter" and it just melted in my mouth Since everything is served a la carte, we ordered many different sides and shared amongst out trable. We tried the fries, the corn, the mac and cheese. Completely satisfied with our meal. I ordered a $14 glass of shiraz and my waitress let me try it before pouring it all. I thought that was very nice of her. Overall, this place is definitely a must when going to Vegas. Yes, it's expensive but you have to treat yourself!
2	My man took me here for my birthday last week, beautiful place, not sure if I would come back though.He had the filet mignon and I had the paella.  We started with the Caesar salad- I judge a lot of restaurants based on how great their dressing is and this one was a little disappointing.  I love real caesar dressing, anchovy, garlicky, vinaigrette- not that creamy stuff that you get in a jar.  The salad looked like a piece of artwork but over all, too tart and too creamy.When our entrees came out- my man's looked delish! Mine, eh, not so appetizing.  His steak was perfectly cooked, the mac n cheese was spot on and the asparagus nicely done, not overcooked.My paella, I'm afraid was not great, well at least not for what we paid for..the rice was undercooked and the seafood slightly overcooked. Oh well, happy birthday to me right? Overall, it was the thought that counts- would I be back? Nah- not unless its paid for by someone else...
1	I went to Beso for my friend's bachelorette party with a group of ladies and we were told that dinner was complimentary and all we had to do is to leave tips for the server, which was $10/person.  I thought it was really nice of them to comp our dinner, especially with 9 ladies all together.It all began with champagne.  When the first server (very nice) started to serve champagne to us, she had run out of it after 3 glasses.  She then opened another bottle and continued pouring.  Another female server rushed over and asked: why did you open another bottle for them and then whispered something to the first server.5 minutes later, another server came to us and told us that our dinner included appetizer, tossed salad, steak, and a bed of mashed potatoes, which sounded amazing, right? Not even close.We got  2 tiny servings of guacamole with a very light portion of tortilla chips, and I think the chef forgot to season it with, you know, salt, onion, and whatever recipe it calls for.  0 star.The steak was a joke.  It had no flavor, overcooked, and lukewarm.  There were literally 8 pre-cut pieces of steak for 9 people, with a bed of mashed potatoes.  The mashed potatoes was the best part of the meal, but then again, all of us shared a one person meal.  I would have been fine to pay the $10 tips if the service was good, but we had to call 4 different servers to get some iced water, after we had already waited 10 minutes.  So we paid $90 for this crappy meal.  Was it worth it?  I'd rather give a homeless guy my $10 then spending it at Beso.
5	Absolutely love Beso! I hosted my birthday dinner here with friends in from Miami, LA, and NYC. Everyone loved it. The owner hooked us up and the service was impeccable. Definitely recommend the seafood platter. The steak is delicious and the waiters kept the champagne flowing all night. Beso is a perfect way to kick off the night before heading upstairs for bottles at Eve :)
4	There are a lot of choice for steak and food and Vegas and I tried a lot of them. This place is one of the better places for sure . I had a steak and I forgot what kind but it was perfectly cooked and very good. The Eva's signature Guacamole was also very good. But, it is the little things that I like the most. The bread basket was unreal and probably the best "complimentary" treat in Vegas.
2	Hit Beso last week - freeloaded a meal. the space is ok - nothing really stood out. Place was EMPTY. Believe it or not, the person flipping the bill insisted we go in case Ms. Longoria was there so he can make a move ...yeah...good luck ! pre-meal cocktail was a boring glass of sauvignon blanc. I order that whenever i ask the bartender for his /her recommendation of any of their specialty drinks ( w/o looking at the drink menu ) and if they say i make anything, i go with wine - take some pride in your drinks bartender ! You must have a few specialty cocktails - better yet, one you've created ! we order Eva's guacamole ( $12 ???) , a crab cake ( $18 ) - three of us eating. i go with the skirt steak ( $29 ) and sides of asparagus and mushrooms ( i believe both were either $8 or $9 ) finish the meal with pineapple upside down cake ( damn - when freeloading, i don't pay close attention to price ! I think around $10 ) my thoughts ? Guacamole - BORING ! Worse, i'm sure it was pre-made then placed in a fridge for god only  knows how long - the guac was waaay too cold. Crab cake - decent . It ain't $18 decent but decent all the same. Skirt steak - i thought the menu said chili-rubbed. It may have been then it was slathered with bbq styled sauce. It actually had good flavor and the meat was tender. This was the cheapest steak on the menu - price didn't really matter to me, but it sounded interesting. The asparagus and mushrooms ...BORING ! Can't remember the wine - it was a cab - told it cost about $100 - ok but so memorable i don't know the name of it. The pineapple upside down ? i liked the concept - they bring out the cake in the mini- pan and serve it table side with a dollop of ice cream. Had nice flavor but my only gripe - MORE PINEAPPLE PLEASE ! Would i hit Beso on my dime in the future ? NO pics added
2	Sadly, Beso LOOKS better than it really is. The place is beautiful with its Swavorski chandeliers, views of the Aria waterfall at the entrance and dark, classy interiors. But once you take all that in, there's not much else to ooh and aah about.  The service at first was great. We were seated right away, to find the rest of our party already seated. At first, our server and his 2-3 other helpers were very attentive - water was poured right away, drink, appetizer and entree orders taken promptly. Our server was very friendly, ready with suggestions on drinks and appetizers. When we had questions about entrees, he was very knowledgable and seemed to give his honest opinions.The drinks, bread and apps came and was actually great. We shared the ceviche, the guacamole and the crab cake. All were delicious. The strawbellini, I heard, was yummy. And the mojito was ok. And then came the wait. And so we waited and waited. About 30-40 minutes between clearing the appetizer plates and entrees coming. And during the waiting, not even one visit from the server or host or busboy to ask if we needed more water or to give us an update on dinner. We started to wonder if everyone assigned to our table went on break or went home for the night. Finally, entrees came. I had the paella which was just ok. The rice was not cooked evenly, some parts were undercooked and some parts were mushy. I probably wouldn't order it again. My husband had the ribeye, which compared to some of the other steakhouses in town, was disappointing. Flavors on both dishes just weren't there. The mac and cheese, which the server raved about, was on the bland side. Again, not very flavorful. Overall, Beso would be a great place to go for drinks. The vibe at the bar is fun, energetic and loud. But if you're looking for good food, you might have better luck elsewhere.
2	Place is for sure 1st class style, food however not so great. I am thinking that maybe they are trying to work out the details as they get opened up and moving forward? I had wine that was good, a salad that was not much more then a small plate of greens and some crab legs that were promised to be fresh ( as the $60 price would also state the same ) and they were so good that I ate a few and just had some more wine. Way to pricey for bad food..... Also not sure that I understand why you would build a million dollar restaurant with no bathrooms on the same floor. You have to go to the night club after taking a elevator ride with a big ass door man that expects a tip for doing nothing. Back to the night club, the place is very large, insane loud music, and there was 6-7 people in the club that should have 300 in it...... I don't like to have to mix my clubbin with my meals....lol...Good luck to them as they need to hire someone different to save the place.... There is about 1,000 places better to go for the same money in Vegas.
1	I wish I would have read Megan P's review before I decided to cancel my dinner reservations because I was offered a COMP dinner at Beso.  Two of my girlfriends and I were walking around Fashion Show Mall as a promoter approaches us to ask if we'd like to go to Eve Nightclub that night.  We wanted to go to Haze and XS so we declined.  The promoter (by the way - his name is ANDRE) offers us a comp dinner at Beso Eva Longoria's restaurant at Crystals Mall.  I guess what's the catch right?  Is there a comp limit and we have to pay after we hit the limit?  No, it's a set dinner.  He sets everything up and promises he'll even walk us into Haze and XS afterwards (which I actually believed).  Here's a review for ANDRE:He tells you to call him when you're at the restaurant to get you seated.  Well - he doesn't even pick up or return text messages.  Basically, I never even see him again since he approached us at Fashion Show Mall.  He never came to give us our bottle of campagne that he promised either.  AND he never shows up to walk us into Haze or set us up for XS.  On top of that, he gave my number to other promoters (for LAVO) without letting me know.  I guess these promoters get paid by the number of girls they can pull but I've definitely dealt with more reliable promoters that actually keep their word.  Here's a review for the MEAL:  We had a party of 9 girls.  We ordered cocktails ($15) and $4 (soda/iced tea/etc).  I ordered the Ginger Cosmo and I'd say I'd definitely not order that off the menu again.  (It was highly recommended by our waitress by the way!)  I didn't think any of the drinks were that great as I sipped my friend's drinks.  The meal included the following:  (Keep in mind 9 GIRLS!!!)1.  3 TINY portions of guac and chips.  Guac was OK but I've had better and I felt like the chips were a little stale.  2.  2 plates of caesar salad.  I mean you can't really go wrong with caesar salad but I don't think the lettuce was very fresh. 3.  2 plates of steak and potatoes.  The portion on each plate was enough to probably feed 1 person so imagine 4 to 5 girls sharing the portion for 1 person.  I mean yes it's Vegas and we want to look good in our dresses but we also want to eat so we don't get wasted.  Yes, the steak was good - the whole 4 bites that I ate!  It's literally 1 slice per person as it's 5 pieces pre-cut.I'm sure this meal would have been better if we actually paid to dine at Beso but to be honest promoters should just tell people that it's a comp taste sampling and to come eaten!  I was on my phone yelping the nearest fast food restaurant for us to eat more but this comp meal only takes reservations 9/9:30/10 (they just want you to go to Eve Club even if you don't want to) so it doesn't really allow time to eat meal #2 before trying to get into a club the promoter promised to walk you right in but goes MIA.  I definitely would have rather paid to eat elsewhere and I will probably never step foot into Beso again.  You win this time but I hope I win in the long run with this yelp review.
5	This is the second time that I have eaten at Beso in Las Vegas and both occasions were absolutely excellent.We started with oysters and Eva's Guac. They served Kumos on the half shell that were very sweet and buttery. The guacamole was better than most and the chips were thin and crisp, but while good for sharing it wasn't anything to write home about.The entrees were absolutely FANTASTIC. We ordered the Alaskan King Crab Legs (Market Price) and the Lobster Tail (Market Price) with an order of Wild Mushrooms and a special request.On my previous visit, I enjoyed the Mac'n Cheese with Truffle Butter and recalled a different variation which had Lobster and both were no longer on the menu. I politely inquired about the possibility of making us an order with both the Truffle Butter and Lobster and our server and the kitchen staff were happy to oblige. It was a match made in heaven and a flavourful combination.To finish off our meal and cleanse our pallets, we chose to go with a sorbet/ice cream dessert. It came with three scoops with three very distinct flavours: Pineapple, lychee, and guanabana (soursop). Each were an excellent way to complete a meal.Our server was absolutely spectacular and attentive, our seating was comfortable, and the decor is  excellent.I will continue to return and enjoy great meals at Beso. While I didn't have it on this visit, I also recommend the Skirt Steak. Even though it's their cheapest cut, it is superbly flavoured and it's tenderness even at medium (which was recommended, even though I like my steaks rare) was delightful.**On a side note... It seems like quite a few of these negative reviews are from folks who got the comped dinners. If that's the case, it sounds like you get what you pay for.I have met and spoke with both the previous manager and the current manager and quite a few of the staff and they have always been exceptional people.
5	This was a great place to finish our trip to Vegas....dinner at Beso!!!Great ambiance, great service, great food, great cocktails, just a great experience.When it comes to the food you have to try the Eva's Tortilla Soup and the Seared Adobo Tuna, mmmm...., and you top it of with a great dessert with a delicious Luxury Cosmo. This is only what I ordered but none of my friends had any complaints about their dishes ar all.What was also very good was that having a full house our server was always checking on us, but without the hurrying us out the door, so every need we had , was met!The only thing you have to consider is this is not a cheap place at all, for the bill will run you about $100 dlls per person!! For me it was worth it..
3	We celebrated a friend's birthday with dinner at Beso.  We wanted to dine at Lavo but was unable to get reservations so we decided on Beso because we knew that Eva Longoria owned it.The food was great, the service was great but there was something missing.  I wasn't overly impressed with the location.  It's in the corner of the Crystals Shopping mall.  I thought it was an odd location choice for a restaurant/nightclub.  There are great floor to ceiling windows but the view is nothing to brag about.  Who wants to stare at a street/valet drop off while you eat a very expensive dinner.  The decor was ok but once again nothing to spectacular.  With so many interesting restaurant choices in Las Vegas I doubt I will try Beso again.  It didn't "Wow" me enough to return.
3	Review based on a COMP dinner:It was really nice inside the restaurant and the service was good. We were a party of 12 hungry girls going in and 12 girls still hungry when we left. Couldn't really expect to be full when the meal is free at a nice restuarant. The meal included guac and chips, tacos, and churros. The food was good but portions are very tiny, check pictures to see size. I would come back here when I have more money so I can actually try the food that is offered on the menu :)
1	Stopped in for the guac and chips. Server seemed annoyed that we were not staying for dinner. Hey, they should be happy we were there at all. There was no one in the place.The guac portion was tiny, flavor, mediocre at best, chips boring, not hot and crisp. Priced at $10, a complete ripoff.  In a city with so many choices, this place has to do much better to be noticed.
4	So so so good! Romantic and really nice setting. The place was sort of empty though, but honestly everything in Crystals Mall is! Vegas is just overall struggling I believe.
4	Had a wonderful dinner there last weekend with a friend who enjoyed the restaurant as much as I did.  Waiters- went out of their way to make it a great dinner. Brought 3 types of salad dressings when I couldn't decide on what I wanted.wedge typesalad- just ok, wouldn't order it again.ceaser salad- just ok, my friend woudn't order it again.bread basket- neither one of us like it and we LOVE bread.mashed potatoes- very goodfilet mignon- WOW, it was great, lots of flavor!  Went to 3 restaurants for steak when we were in Vegas, this was the best one!  Ordered medium-rare, and it was perfect. atmosphere- pretty, a little loud with the music playing but it was 10:00 p.m. and it is right next to a night club so that was pretty much the clientele.
4	Went here for dinner for a girlfriend's birthday with a huge group of us one night and it was so yummy!We had chips with fresh guacamole, skirt steak tacos, and churros for dessert!Simple but delish!
3	Who's afraid of the dark?  Let's hope not anyone interested in a sexy restaurant named Beso at City Center.  In 2009 Eva Longoria (32 percent shareholder) and various investor-partners opened a Beso restaurant, with a nightclub called Eve above it, in the Crystals retail and entertainment district of City Center in Las Vegas.  Beso is the reincarnation of the Longoria owned Beso restaurant in Hollywood.One is greeted when entering Beso with dancing flames, black features and red accentuation, and glossy glassy everything. If seated toward the rear of the restaurant the water feature of Aria Resort and Casino dances as an easy distraction while you dine.  A Vampire's delight.I visit Beso often specifically for the shrimp and my most favorite dish on their menu, the Chili Rubbed Flank Steak.  This steak remains succulent and, without sounding like a sales pitch, the chili actually "sneaks up on you."  The chili is not immediately apparent yet makes itself known with each bite.  The steak is delicious and I visit for this dish often.  The atmosphere is wonderful as well, however I would be remiss to not express disappointment with the drink pricing.  A bit, shall we say, aggressive.  Moreover the service is always attentive and on point as well.If you seek a great flank steak, plan a visit to Beso.
2	I am giving this place 2 stars because:1. The Waiter was a douche bag and argued with a guest at my table.2. Waiter got multiple orders wrong (this was before the arguement)3. Drinks are way over-priced and not even that good.4. The food wasn't that great.5. You are basically paying for the name and that it is Eva Longoria's restaurant.The only thing I really liked was the decor.
2	What is the concept here!? The apps lean toward Mexican/Latin inspired, the mains and side dishes are American, and the desserts are a little of everything.First off the bread. Cold! Butter, ice cold. The small round french-type bread that was so chewy my jaw was sore. The second bread was a pretzel like bread shaped like a baguette, it was ok. I ordered the chicken and it was served with mashed potatoes and a little bit of green beans. It was good, but nothing to write home about. I tasted the chili rubbed skirt steak and it was also good, but still not blowing me away.  Service was pretty slow. The brownie dessert was nothing special, but it was complimentary since we were celebrating a birthday.   Overall, I am pretty disappointed by my experience here. Except the decor, I really loved the chandelier. They do not have a restroom in the restaurant, so you can either go up an elevator to the club bathroom (what a waste of electricity) or walk out to the bathroom in the crystals center.
1	We ate at Beso during our recent trip to Las Vegas.  We thought it would be a good experience based on the menu and the ambiance.  We were very disappointed.  The restaurant is loud and unimpressive compared to similarly priced restaurants in Las Vegas.  The pictures on the Beso website make the restaurant appear much nicer than it actually is.  It took our waiter more than 10 minutes to greet us and take our drink order, and it took about 15 minutes after he took the order for him to return with our drinks in hand.  After all of that waiting, two of the drinks were wrong and he forgot one of the drinks.  Our food was mediocre and too busy with spices and garnishes.  Our waiter did not pay any more attention to our table after our meals were served and we had to ask another waiter for refills on our drinks.  The experience was not a good one and certainly not worth the money.  We could have had a better meal and better service elsewhere.  We won't return to Beso and we recommend that you spend your time and money elsewhere too.
3	RecommendI really enjoyed the flavors of the dishes we had.  However, the kitchen was extremely slow to turn out the dishes which ruined the complete flow of this otherwise great meal.  I recommend this place only if you are dining early or when you are planning a long dinner. We waited over 45 minutes to get served our main course...never have I experienced a long wait like this. The waiter did his best to ease the pain by bringing an additional appetizer on the house and after our long wait for dinner, a sampling of a couple of their desserts.  So here is he breakdown of what I ate...I Ate:Eva's Avocado Guacamole - AChili Rubbed Skirt Steak - B minusSlow Braised Short Ribs - A plusHerb Beso Fries - ABlack Beans & Rice - CPlantains Con Creme - C
4	THIS IS FOR DRINKS IN THE BAR AREA ONLY...My friend and I came here on a Wednesday night to get some drinks.  We sat on a cozy couch in the bar area.  We were greeted right away and each ordered a drink: I ordered the BBO.  I just tried to find it on Beso's menu, but it wasn't on there.  It was dark red and pretty good.  Ti had a sugar rim that was really good.  Oh and I think the drink was sweet & spicy.I then ordered the Cosmic Ginger: Ginger Infused Vodka, St. Germain Liqueur,Hand Pressed Lemon, White Cranberry.  It was good, but for some reason I thought it would taste different.The drinks were $15 a piece, which is slightly pricey but they were good.A promoter for the club- Eve, which is upstairs, came by and asked if we wanted to get in for free.  He gave us wristbands.  Once he found out we were locals, he gave us his card and said for us to come back for dinner and he would comp it.  Will do! :)The waitress was extremely nice and had good recommendations.  We sat in the bar area for about two hours and were really comfortable.I would definitely go back for drinks and head-up to Eve nightclub to check it out.
1	There really isn't that much on the menu and where was on themenu wasn't worth it and This place has horrible service and it wasn't even that busy. I wouldn't eat there again!
3	My wife and I celebrated our eleventh anniversary last night by going to Beso Steakhouse at the City Center. We hadn't been there before and wanted to try something different. Of course, being the signature restaurant for the hot and beautiful Eva Longoria, we had high hopes.The reservation process was simple. We made the reservation online in about 1 minute and indicated on the reservation form that it was our anniversary.While our high hopes weren't dashed, they were somewhat dampened. First, the restaurant is beautiful inside, tasteful, dark and understated decor. The servers prompt and attentive (almost too attentive at times) but we never had to look around wonder where they were. I'd give them good marks for service although when we arrived we were the earlier diners. The place did fill up quickly after we arrived, although I'm sure it had nothing to do with our being there.We were given menus along with a drink menu and recommendations. We were also promptly brought small but delicious glasses of champagne with congratulations for our anniversary. Kudos for that touch.We ordered drinks and the waiter said he would wait and bring those with our food since we were enjoying the champagne.We took our time ordering, starting with a crab Louie salad which we shared. It was well prepared, delicious and adequate for the two of us to share. The greens were fresh and crisp and the asparagus spears steamed but still crisp.Since we were in no rush, we ordered dinner after the salad was finished so that threw off their timing a little and it took awhile to get  there which was no problem for us. We ordered the 20 oz. filet mignon with butter steamed lobster and a side dish of macaroni and cheese. Moments before the food arrived, our waiter brought the drinks we had ordered...for Kath a pineapple surprise. I think the surprise was that it was pink and didn't taste like pineapple but it was tasty and not too sweet. I had a margarita rocks with Herradura silver tequila that was wonderful. The entree was well prepared and as ordered. The mac and cheese hot and tasty, not too creamy like some.We were stuffed by the end of the entree but couldn't resist two cappuccino and what we expected was a small dessert. Surprisingly, the capps were served in over-sized cups with loads of foam rather than those dainty cups that I can never get my sausage fingers through. We ordered the pineapple upside down cake (any theme here) and it came out baked to order in a small iron cauldron which the waiter upended on a plate leaving a cake the size of a small derby. Two bites and we were done.OK, great service, terrific food and not the usual 'pea-sized' portions of higher end restaurants. So why the three stars. OK, here's my thoughts on that. Dinner was about $200 with the tip...not unexpected, even though we split the salad, entree and dessert. So for a good meal for two, you could expect to get closer to $350 or so, if you didn't split. For that price level, one would expect something truly special, something outstanding but it just was your average really good steakhouse and Vegas abounds with those sorts of places for less. Think Del Frisco's on Paradise.So without a doubt, it was a wonderful and magical evening but more because I was sharing it with my wonderful wife of eleven years than any other reason.
4	I met my buddy there for our once-a-year-get-amazing-food-dinner we like to do. When I flew out I saw a write up on the place in SkyMall magazine. Figured I'd need to try it. The restaurant is gorgeous with huge vaulted ceilings, lots of dark wood and stone and a great open bar. It was very dim and there was a mix of couples, friends, and businessmen throughout. Not a particular vibe since this was in the Cosmo in Vegas. Service was top-notch. Nothing to remark on there. The food was outstanding save for one dish. Neither I nor my friend particularly liked the macaroni and cheese. Nothing was 'wrong' with it, we simply didn't care for the flavor. So in exceptional service and expected standards, they took back the item and did not charge us for the meal. This is on the steeper end of the price range and I can certainly eat better steak here in Montana but the wine was well-priced and there was overall, nothing to complain about. I definitely enjoyed my experience. You shouldn't be disappointed and if you are, they'll remedy real quick.
2	Honestly the food was HORRID in my opinion!! The reason why I gave this place 2 stars  was because of the SOUR APPLE MARTINI they made me. Now that was delicious but when you're hungry, that is not supposed to be the best thing about dinner!! The menu was very limited like are you serious might as well have been a "breakfast, lunch,or dinner" menu! I ordered the chicken. The first bite, I literally almost choked! The stupid  chicken was DRY AS FAWK!! The mashed potatoes were ok and so were the string beans. I think what grossed me out the most about the chicken is they give you white meat and DARK MEAT!! I was like WTF my plate was XXX amount of dollars, can I at least get all white meat??!! I didnt even notice before I bit into it...... but once I did, I wanted to spit it out but didn't want to be rude so I had to eat it...... I was very sad!
1	Is no Stars an option on this thing??? The place was really nice and you'd think it would be the perfect spot for 5 women for a great time and dinner. To our surprise, it was just a complete mess. Mind you, our reservations were at 9:45p and the restaurant wasn't even packed.The waiter greeted us and took our cocktail order. Once those were served, he came back and took our appetizer and meal order. We liked the cocktails and after a 15 mins, the appetizers came out and we were so excited for our meal to come. We ordered the ceviche (ehhh!), foie gras (delicious!), salmon carpaccio (good!), crab cakes (Yum!) and one more dish (obviously forgot... wasn't that great!)Our dinner order consisted of 5 petit filets (1- well done and 4 - medium) and the following for sides: mac and cheese, asparagus, creamed spinach. We waited for over 45 mins for the dinner meal after they cleared our appetizer plates. When we called on our waiter about the dinner he said, "Well, what do you expect on a Saturday night!" (The restaurant was half empty, SERIOUSLY! It's now, 11pm) Finally, the meal came at 11:15pm. All the sides were cold and the only filet cooked correctly was the well done filet. The 4-medium ones were done rare. We called on the manager and he apologized for the meal and was going to put in another order for us... WHY SO WE CAN WAIT LONGER!?! I don't think so. After talking to him we just decided we aren't staying anymore... poor service, horrible employees and aside from a few good appetizers, this place needs a reailty check on how to run a successful restaurant business. Not recommended and suggest that you don't visit there either. Sorry, Eva, I'm not a fan!!!
2	wanted some good snacks went to beso for the appetizers and it was horrible. the strip steak taco were cold, the beans were cold,  we order the paella which looked like jalapeno popper the outside was warm but the center was cold. the octopus was marinated nicely, the server  hardly asked us if we were enjoying are meal spent most of his time hitting on the two ladies next to us. . .  i expected better for a place on the strip.
4	Dined here to celebrate my birthday with my hubby and it was exceptional! Warmly greeted by host staff, we arrived a bit early and it was no big deal, a sweet smile and a happy birthday wish and we had a beautiful view. Waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu but pushy in the up-selling "add ons" for our filet's to the point where my hubby was getting a little pissed at the hard sell. Best pear martini I have ever had and the food portions were generous! Fillet melted in your mouth. Creamed spinach was divine, garlic mashed potatoes were creamy and garlicky. Pricey a bit. Our bill with no appetizer, two fillets, shared a Caesar Salad and shared two sides with our steaks, and two cocktails each before tip was $150 so if you want to splurge, this place is by far one of the best we've experienced in Vegas!
1	This place was such a disappointment!  I read all the reviews, did my homework but Eva failed on this one.  I will give her the benefit of the doubt that the restaurant itself is beautiful but the food, service and prices are horrible.  YUCK!
3	My experience wasn't bad by any stretch but it wasn't great. Got here with a friend and the very friendly hostess seated us way ahead of our reservation time. We sat out on the patio which provided for some fun people watching. I had the paella and the tortilla soup; both were good but not particularly outstanding. The server was slow although the busser did make sure to refill our water whenever it got anywhere near half empty. We're both locals and since it's National Steakhouse month or something, there was a 20% discount (I pulled it up on the restaurant's FB page just in case the server didn't know about it and he didn't). The baked alaska was great and refreshingly cool in the outside heat. All in all, the food was pretty good but nothing to really write home about. The service was friendly but slow for a quieter weeknight. I might be back the next time they run a great deal.
4	I am very surprised about the bad reviews, I had a great time! They have the best ceviche I've ever had to be honest, it was so fresh and so delicious!!!  The salmon was good, wasnt my favorite but I did have a slice of my friend steak and YUM!!!! The mac & cheese, can we say to die for? The waiter didnt even charge us for the bottle of wine we ordered!!! The service was magnificent, everyone was VERY attentive and very nice. I was not impressed with the fact that the place was fairly empty but yet we had a reservation at 9 and didnt get seated til almost 930 BUT I did have an overall wonderful experience. I would definitely go back!!!
1	Eh. I don't know.The ambiance is cool but, nothing great sticks out to me...considering the amount you pay for your food; it was meh.Eva Longoria's special guacamole tasted like any other guac. The bread and the butter were less than good..the bread was cold.And since they were sold out on the lamb, I had filet with foie gras on top and the steak was salty. It had nothing to do with the foie; I think their steak rub is on the salty side.The service was good but, I'm not sure if it's cuz that's how they normally are or cuz we complained to the manager prior to service.Day before dinner, we went to Eve (the club upstairs) and were treated badly by their bouncers.p.s. The restaurant's women's bathroom is upstairs (in said club) and I thought that was weird because I saw all the bartenders, goo dancers, and servers before club opening. And if it's a fancy steakhouse, shouldn't they have their own restrooms IN the actual restaurant? If anything, that's what stood out most for me.......isn't that sad??!??
2	I bought a deal for dinner for two on Travelzoo. My friend was coming to visit from LA and we both were looking forward to having a treat at Beso. To say we were disappointed with the whole experience would be a huge understatement. Our reservation was for 8:30 pm. When we arrived, we were told there were three more couples in front of us and we would need to go to the bar and wait for the hostess to come get us. 8:30 pm came, but no one to get us. We ordered two $15 martinis at the bar - what else to do? Around 8:45 pm we were taken to our table. We were served champagne in plastic glasses - please, this is a classy joint, no? At least it looks that way. The waiter came and announced that most of the dishes were already not available on the menu. My friend ordered a $14 salad that consisted of lettuce leaves sprinkled with cherry tomatoes. Really? It gets better. We order Eva's signature guacamole - let me just say, my neighborhood Lindo Michoacan Mexican joint makes guac that is 10 times better than Eva's. Dessert was also disappointing. If you want a decent one, avoid ordering churros. The whole time our wait staff was not courteous and professional. It left an impression that they were in a hurry to serve all these poor folks who bought their deals too. The service was hurried and unattentive. I am kissing this "Kiss" good bye. Vegas has plenty of great restaurants. Take your hard earned money elsewhere.
2	I was very disappointed during my first visit here. I ordered the Seafood Louie Lobster Salad, Foie Gras and Filet Mignon. The Seafood Salad and Foie Gras were good, but my Filet Mignon, which I ordered rare, came out medium well! On top of that, it took me 10 minutes to flag down my waiter. I actually had to flag down a bus boy to get the waiter for me. I finally got my rare Filet Mignon, but it was way too salty. The churro dessert we got was also nothing special. This restaurant is extremely overpriced considering the quality of food and service you get. Bad service and subpar food. Sorry, Eva Longoria, your restaurant es no bueno.
1	All hype I say. All. Hype.To start, we ordered the Paella Arancini ($13).  Our waiter brought out 3 round crusted balls... wha??  It turned out to be really good.  A lot of flavor, it's like eating a bite-size version of paella.  Nice start.We both opted for salad... I had the BLT Salad ($11) while my boyfriend ordered the Beso Beso Salad ($14).  Nothing fancy or unique that made these salads stand out.  The bacon was thick and salty and somewhat overpowering over the rest of the salad including the bleu cheese dressing.For our  main entree, since they were out of the Kansas City Strip (a steakhouse out of steak on a Saturday  night???), I had the 12oz Filet Mignon cooked 'medium' ($42) and my boyfriend ordered the Crispy Striped Bass ($38).  My steak was dry... even the center was dry... perfect shade of pink, but dry.  The striped bass was crispy alright, but rich in salt.  Very salty.  Personally, I like salty foods, but anyone can pan fry a striped bass for less that what Beso charges.We also had the Asparagus ($10) and Mac & Cheese ($9) for our sides.  I enjoyed the aspagarus as it was sauteed in garlic.  The mac & cheese was just ok... and me being a self-proclaimed mac & cheese connoisseur, I was disappointed.  It was creamy and rich but it was lacking flavor.  Just bland and soft... nothing more than cheese & pasta.I was extremely disappointed with my experience here and will most likely not be returning.  I think I'll stick to restaurants owned by well-known chefs than well-known actors/actresses.
1	1.  I had a hard time understanding what the waiter said2. I give 1 star for the food.  The food was actually better than the food i had at Eiffel tower restaurant.3. I bought the coupon from travel zoo, on top of the $79 I paid. They charge additional $30 of the gratuity.. WTF!!4. We made reservation and had to wait another 40 mins on a Tuesday night.   5. The club upstairs was so dead and the light was on at 11pm. WTF.  6. You have to take a elevator to go up one floor for restroom. 7.  Last but not lease. On the receipt, Number of people: "1 guy with 2   Asian girls". this is so racist.  Eva, i won't dine there again even though I like you!
3	All in all, the steak was delicious but the staff could use a better attitude.When we first came in, I informed the hostess that we had a Travelzoo voucher (4 courses plus champagne for 2 for $79), to which she snickered with the hostess next to her.  A little rude!  We had reservations and were seated right away.Our waiter initially was a little rude to us too, telling us the things we couldn't order on the menu.  Our voucher didn't say there were any limitations, so it was a little surprising.  In any case, it's Vegas and we rolled with it.  When asked for beverage choices, we told him we wanted water (we don't drink soda and were already a few cocktails in) and he told us "oh...you want the REGULAR water?" as though the regular water was crap.  As my boyfriend imitated later, "oh, you want the peasant water?"  Regular water was fine by the way!For our appetizer, we ordered the chile relleno which was alright.  Not bad, but not notable either.  We both ordered the beso beso salad.  The orange vinegarette was a little odd for my taste but was alright as well.   The delicious part came with our 12 oz filet mignon steaks.  My my they were tasty!  Our dessert was churros which came with a delicious caramel dipping sauce.  The champagne, however, not so delicious.We were surprised that gratuity was automatically included for a table of 2.  Don't restaurants only do that for larger parties?  I guess they wanted to make sure they were being tipped on the $198 which the meal was worth.     The jury is out as to whether or not I would come back next time I'm in Vegas.  The food was good but the rude treatment makes me want to take my business elsewhere.
1	Never again.  Very pricey restaurant with marginal food.  First of all, I do have to say that the restaurant itself is very  pretty.  Also,  we all thought the wait staff were great.   My husband ordered the veal dish and loved it.  The tortilla soup was pretty good.  There were four of us who all ordered different items.  Starting out with appetizers, the crab cakes and foie gras were both disappointing.  The bread rolls were cold and hard.  The side dishes were lukewarm and unappealing.  My steak was ok but for $52 it should have been excellent!   My sister hated her filet.  The drinks weren't cold either.  It seemed like what should've been cold was warm and what should've been hot was cold!   Oh well, live and learn.
1	Like other reviewers, I too used a promo from Travelzoo.Not only did I waste my money, but more importantly, I wasted a dinner in Vegas:-(The good:- Great location - City Center is a lovely area to spend an evening- Restaurant has a nice decor- My 8oz petit Filet was quite yummy (though not as good as Mon Ami Gabi in the Paris)- Good pre-dinner pretzel breadThe Bad:- Waiter was totally rude. Barely looked at us and seemed pissed off.- The wait staff talked, interacted and seemed rude to each other right near the tables. Aren't wait staff supposed to be invisible??- Our dinner came with champagne. It was served in PLASTIC flutes.- 4 items on the menu were sold out (it was only 8:30!!!)- The Beso salad (reg $14) was nothing more than about 9 leaves of lettuce and 4 cherry tomatoes (I'll post a pic)- Eva's famous guacamole was almost tasteless, with a hint of lemon. - Our dinner came with dessert - lame chorros that were literally thrown on the table by a waiter walking by!All in all, I would NOT recommend this place, especially with so many fabulous restaurants nearby.
5	Excellent food, worth every penny.  The sides are big and you should share.  The wait staff needs some more training but overall fantastic experience.  I didn't taste anything I didn't like!
2	Besos reviewBeso's is a very nice place though a tad bit noisy when full. We like many reviewers here used an $79 Travelzoo voucher for a dinner supposedly worth $200. if you have one of these be prepared to be treated like a 2nd class customer. They seem to look down on you just because you are trying to get a deal on a dinner actually worth about price of voucher. Standard drinks from the bar are $14 each so keep that in mind before ordering.Because of voucher, you can only chose select items on the menu. The crab cake appetizer was not bad. The sides mac and cheese and green beans we average at best. The main entre, 8oz steak filet was cooked perfectly and tasty. The champaign was not very good. I would say this steak dinner was not even close to worth $200 and barely worth the price of the $79 Travelzoo voucher. I have had better steaks and sides at The Outback for 1/4 the price. Also it was dinner for 2, but they automatically added $30 gratuity based on value of dinner, $198, so that was odd because service was not that good and food not worth the price.I will complain to Travelzoo.Pro's:- nice place- decent service- good steakCon's:- $30 gratuity automatically added- average food at best- rude staff- Eve club passes were supposed to be included but Eve went bankrupt 3 days ago.- pricy average bar drinks
2	Was a good experience but, I wouldn't pay to eat there. If you are planning on getting the discounted meal coupon from Travelzoo save your money. It really wasn't worth it and the Eve nightclub is closed. They tried to compensate us with vouchers to another club where they tried to attempt to make us pay an extra $50.00!!!! Terrible I tell you! Nope not again! Ty but not unless it's free!
1	Delicious Food great location, but HORRIBLE server!!!I made RSVP for 4 (2 couples) and used 2 Travelzoo Vouchers for July 3. The restaurant was full and had to wait. but we ordered drinks. We got seated and had a server who was extremely unprofessional: he rushed us to place an order of drinks; when he came back he explain the Travelzoo deal in a very monotone matter; when we order outside the Deal he shouted "that's extra" eventually the other couple said "that's Fine!." As soon as we order we talked about the rudeness of the waiterand how surprised he was when we ordered outside the "Deal," but eventually our drinks came and our food. Delicious. Also I met Big Boy from Power 106. The Deal clearly stated that Tax and Tip would be charged on the Original Price, however do to the lack of customer service I explained to him he did not deserve a 15% Tip but instead 10% (I wouldn't have tip but my Fiancee she was a server and insisted I should tip). As i explained my disapproval of his service, he was actually very professional and stated "You should tip me as you think I perform my job." After sharing my story with several people, I should have talked to the Manager and mentioned my situation that I don't mind to tip but that it should go to the busboy and to the kitchen and not the waiter. We should have kept our RSVP at Bobby's Flay Steakhouse.I've never had to tell a server that they don't deserve to be tip; but this was my 1st and hopefully only.P.S. We couldn't get into the club because our friend had white pair of Air Force 1. Overall the experience was HORRIBLE! I hope Eva is aware of whats going on at her restaurant because it's staining her name. Hire a better Trainer and consult a Marketing Firm!!!
3	Mac and Cheese is pretty fantastic. Ambiance is elegant. Interesting drink menu. Service was good. Price to value, not so good.They asked me if I would like still or sparkeling water, just me, and no one else. I said still. They bring out a bottle of voss water and fill everyones glass. They were very eager to refill our glasses with each sip. The bill comes and we notice it's $81 more than we expected. Upon second look we noticed we had been charged for 9 bottles of voss water at $9.00 a bottle. This charge in addition to our $15 cocktails was a bit of a shocker. Expensive lesson learned.
4	Tasty food, tasteless attitude. This place is the place to go for a tasty piece of meat, however be prepared to incur the condescending, snobby, bad-mannered girls as the front desk. The first time we went without reservations they didn't let us in because we didn't have "reservations" and they were at "full capacity" when the inside and outside was almost completely empty. But, the wait staff was good. Overall, I would return for a food piece of filet mignon.
5	My hubby and I decided to do a weekend in Vegas and we wanted to try a very nice restaurant and have a big night out.  Beso came recommended to us by a co-worker and it did not dissapoint!  The hostess was very pleasant and she showed up to our table.  We had a wonderful booth seat where we had a view of the entire restaurant.  First off, I have to say... this is one of the most beautiful places I've ever eaten.  Very sexy, swanky and everything in between.  You look up and ceilings boast these gorgeous chandeliers!  Our server was wonderful-- very polite, and attentive-- yet not overbearing. We started with some cocktails, which were yummy but slightly too sweet for our tastes.  The server was more than happy to serve them in separate glasses over ice to "mellow" them out. I had the Beso Beso salad to start.  The salad was lovely-- dressing was light yet flavorful.  A perfect complement to the petite filet I ordered.  My hubby decided to try the kansas city strip.  As an avid steak eater, he had never heard of that cut.  It was recommended by the server.  It was absolutely delicious!!  I actually preferred that to my filet which was cooked perfectly.  We ordered the lobster mac & cheese as our side and that was so delicious.  Perfectly creamy, and you could really taste the lobster without it tasting too "seafoody."  Overall-- even though we spent close to $200 between the bill and tip, we felt it was money well spent.  My only regret is that we didn't save room for dessert!
4	My experience was great not perfect. This experience was good too me but not worth the money. Service was very friendly but slow. Not sure what going on in the kitchen but when the food came out it was good cooked perfect. ... wow just thinking about the food it went up from 3 stars to 4.I started out with Ceviche, really good perfect. I had to fight the other guys to quit stealing a taste :) ... I ordered the ribeye and added the Oscar which was hollandaise sauce with crab and asparagus and a side order or wild mushrooms. The guys ordered Ribeye, New York and a Kansas City Strip they rated the steaks all  #4. The total bill with tip came out to be about $325. It was good but dam $325 ... i could see that money going back into my photography fund. If you get a chance go here ... but don't bring the guys ... bring your wife or g/f.
4	This review is based on several visits without using any coupon or any discount vouchers (A source of discontent by many yelplers).A very good, contemporary steakhouse worthy of the Vegas Strip.  Comfortable for a guys steak nite; refined with healthy, pretty menu selections for the ladies.The beef tartare is an excellent starter.  The earthiness of the truffle aioli provides a surprisingly different take on the classic.  The foie gras with candied apricots and vanilla gastrique is also a must try.  Vanilla with foie sounds disgusting but it really works, enhancing the full fat flavor of the foie.Steaks are good but not great.  The restaurant does not make any grading claims on their menu, nor do the serves openly comment on the grade. They are well trimmed and perfectly cooked.  The bone in ribeye and the Kansas city strip are very flavorful but are oddly one dimensional when compared to steaks from the "elite steakhouses".  Good beef flavor but missing the "umame" profile of good aging.The veal chop deserves special mention (don't hate me).  It is surprisingly flavorful tasting more like free range pork than bland veal.Sides are simple and meant to be shared.  The simple wild mushrooms are a perfect match to any steak.The wine list is well chosen but not as extensive as other steakhouses.  Prices are in line with Vegas standards.Service is excellent.
1	I went with a group on saturday night, and most of us had a travelzoo voucher.  Our server was friendly, and service was quick and attentive.  We shared three appetizers - the meat and cheese plate, salmon carpaccio, and guacamole and chips.  They were nice for starters and not too large.We each got a salad, mine was average - butter lettuce with a viniagrette, good but not great.  For dinner I had the salmon, most people got steaks - all were tasty.  The meats were cooked to a good temp, the salmon was moist.  One unfortunate person in our party got the chicken and shrimp.  He wasn't unfortunate in that it tasted bad, I think it was good.  He was unfortunate in that he got a bad case of food poisoning - vomiting and bloody stools.  And that's the reason I had to give the place a 1 - I wouldn't go back or recommend it to anyone because of that.
2	Average steaks (but expensive), so-so service (manager very nice, server rude), overall okay experience but 5 star pricing.  Not recommended.
4	This Place is Beautiful!My friends and I were invited over by a promoter on the strip. It was a Saturday night and we were dressed for and on our way to the club. He told us that we would have dinner and drinks for free at Besos and would have free entrance into the club that was just nextdoor, Eve(see review). This was around the time when Aria hotel had just opened so we were stoked!Things went exactly as he said they would. We got a free meal and free glass of Champagne. It was very crowded in there too. Everyone was dressed nicely, they were chatting and drinking their lives away. This is the kind of atmosphere I enjoy!! LOL I only ordered a salad because I didn't want my stomach to expand any larger than it already was in my skin tight dress! The salad was decent good and my glasses of champagne, even better. We sat at the bar and the bartender was so nice, very personable and funny.Im not exactly sure what the prices were like here but the restaurant is inside of ARIA so I would say $$$$ sounds about right!
4	My friend and I tried this restaurant while visiting Vegas for my birthday.  We took a cab from our hotel and found it a little difficult to find the place but after walking through the hotel and casino and stopping several employees we arrived.  The decor is very nice and upscale.  The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is when we walked up to the hostess booth, one hostess was chomping on gum while talking to us and she seemed very unprofessional.  I know it's Las Vegas, but for the kind of venue the staff should at least appear to has some class.Our wait staff was very friendly and attentive.   We shared the ceviche appetizer which was decent.  Then I had the b.l.t. dinner salad which was a bit too soggy for my taste.  Then came the steak, we both order the large cut filet mignon.  The filet was absolutely to die for, it melted in my mouth like butter and was worth every penny.  For dessert we shared the churro's.  I wasn't sure how I felt about a steakhouse serving something so generic as churro's but after the first bite I was sold.  They were freshly cooked and served with a side or carmel and a side of crema.  We cleaned our plate!
5	Beso is absolutely outstanding.  Everything from the steaks to the salads, to the (surprisingly affordable) wine list is out of this world.  I ALWAYS make a point to go there when visiting Vegas whether it's with work or the girlfriends.  They have always taken great care of me. Thanks to the Beso team for making my Vegas trips amazing.
2	Okay people listen to me! As you can see some of these reviews are okay and some are very bad. Let me first mention this in my review; Anyone who comes here because Eva Longoria is the owner is out of their mind. You wouldn't know good acting let alone good food if it sat on your face! People...she is not a cook! She is an actress (word used lightly)! My wife and I were at Beso at 8PM on Saturday night. Marky Mark was our waiter (yes he looked just like him which thrilled my wife) and although he was a nice guy he belonged behind the bar at an Outback Steakhouse. Just not very professional and in over his head with a higher end menu. I ordered the Foie Gras as an app. For those of you who have never experienced enlarged/fatten duck liver, I would strongly suggest giving it a try. This in my opinion was good, but would probably have been better with a different approach. It had apricots and vanilla sauce. I wasn't sure if it was a dessert or an appetizer? The highlight of the meal was what followed. I had the pleasure of eating the tortilla soup. Now,tortilla soup for me is the one thing I will try at almost any restaurant I am eating at. It is my favorite soup by far. This in my opinion was the best I have every eaten. It was very simple but had a nice mix of heat along with a suttle savoriness that I can't describe. It was without a doubt AWESOME! For the main course I selected the bone-in Strip steak. Ordered medium-rare and it came out medium-well! Seriously? Mistakes happen I know, but to be TWO temperatures off just shows a lack of experience and attention to detail. The flavor was okay, but I could tell the steak was not dry or wet aged at all. Just a regular cut of meat with basic seasoning. The Bearnaise sauce is what saved it for me. Now for the second part that ties right along with this. I ordered the horseradish mashed potatoes as my side dish. Literally had unmashed lumps of potatoes everywhere and so much horseradish that it made me think I was eating shrimp cocktail at St.Elmos (if you don't know what this is, look it up). Just not properly mashed? Cmon guys...even the chain restaurants get this step right. For dessert, my wife wanted to try Churros! MISTAKE! The caramel sauce on the side was very good even though it was ice cold. The churros had potential, but maybe the chef should change the oil every couple of weeks. It was just dirty and you could tell the oil was old. All in all, they are way in over their head at this place. Very expensive and with all the choices in Las Vegas I would avoid this place at all cost. Paying over $225 for an overcooked steak at avg service is not my thing!
4	This was our favorite meal on our recent trip to Las Vegas.  The restaurant is beautiful inside the new Crystals in the CityCenter.  We were fortunate enough to be able to sit on the patio and it was a great setting for a great meal.We started with a delicious bottle of Flowers Pinot Noir... mmmmm... and a shrimp cocktail.  The standard cocktail sauce that it was served with was fine, but they give you extra horseradish and lemon on the side, so we kicked ours up.  Delicious.  The shrimp was fresh and sweet, if a little on the small side.  They're basically what normal shrimp should look like, but after receving the jumbo prawns the size of small lobsters that most restaurants serve these days, they just looked a little skimpy.  I also tried the BBO blood orange martini with jalapeno (I think?  or habanero?).  I had actually hoped for more heat, but this was good drink.For a salad, I chose the beet salad with candied walnuts and goat cheese fondue.  Oh my god.  That goat cheese fondue was incredible.  Really a great salad.  My husband had the chopped salad with tons of veggies, queso fresco and avocado ranch.  It was a great salad, it definitely had Mexican flavors and he enjoyed it.For dinner, I had a seabass with a buerre blanc (I think maybe jalapeno?), avocado chunks, tomatoes, crispy potatoes and asparagus.  It was absolutely delicious.  The skin was served on the fish, which is not my preference, but it came off easily and really wasn't a big deal. My husband had a Kansas City strip steak.  The steak was cooked perfectly (MR) and had amazing flavor from a rub or seasoning.Our server, when mentioning the specials and talking about his suggestions, said "we have truffles, so you can pretty much have them in anything, truffle mac and cheese, truffle mashed potatoes, etc", so we couldn't pass up the truffle mac and cheese, and it was to die for.  It was creamy without being overwhelmingly cheesy, and the truffles were amazing.  We couldn't stay out of it.Our server was really great, had a cute personality, and was very helpful.  Service was actually very quick, we basically had barely finished our salads and our entrees arrived.  We had no problem getting reservations on a Friday for dinner that evening at 8:30 (I made the reservations around lunch time), however, when I rechecked availability around 6:00 p.m., they were fully booked up.All in all, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and I will absolutely return on a future trip to Vegas.  It was a fun meal with fantastic food.
4	Hubby and I finished dinner here a few hours ago.  Having read the reviews before we went, we were not sure quite what to expect.  Since we had already purchased the Travel Zoo voucher, we were already $79 into it.We were pleasantly surprised. We went early at 5pm, with reservations, since we had other things planned that night.  The hostess and wait staff were wonderful.  Our waiter Joseph made several recommendations which we were both pleased with.We started with the crab cake, which was excellent.  I had the tortilla soup, one of the best I have ever had.  Hubby had the seafood Louie salad, he said it was great, very balanced between the greens and seafood.  He had the Kansas City Strip and I had the New York, both were cooked as ordered and had good flavor and seasoning.  We also added on the grilled asparagus and the garlic mashed potatoes.  We had the churros for dessert, which we found to be light and not greasy at all.The prices are on par with all the other high-end steakhouses with the ala carte sides.  We felt that even with the additional costs, along with the voucher, we got what we paid for.  The decor is lovely, especially with the added view of looking out toward the fountain at the Aria.It's not an every weekend place to go for dinner, but it was wonderful for a great meal and outstanding service.  We will be going again.
1	This place has gone off the deep end.  It used to be my favorite steakhouse in all of LV, but it has gone so far downhill i'll never eat here again.It was our servers first day, and I'm more than willing to cut a new server some slack, but what happened was ridiculous.For entree I ordered the filet which was cooked well but tastes nowhere near what their steaks tasted like 2 years ago when I frequently ate there.  I asked the waiter to add a lobster TAIL to the steak.When the food came out, the waiter brought our steaks, and a WHOLE lobster.  I asked another server to get ours because we ordered a tail and not the whole lobster.About 5 minutes later our server came over and tried to tell me that what was on the table WAS a lobster tail. Funny - i've never seen a lobster tail with claws, legs, and a body before.My friend and I were already into our steaks when he took the whole lobster away and said he would look into it.15 mins later he comes back - still no lobster tail, and I was almost done with my steak and we were in a rush so I told him to just forget the tail if it was gonna take longer.Then he disappears for another 15 mins.  I asked another server to please grab him and he came out and I asked for the check.Another 10 minutes goes by and so we walked in to see if the check was ready and what was taking so long. (we ate outside)The manager was adjusting the bill - and this is what REALLY pissed me off.The manager says "since you ordered the whole lobster and then cancelled it and then ordered the tail and then cancelled it Im charging you for the tail.I said - "No - I ordered just a tail to begin with"  He says "No you didn't my server told me you ordered the whole lobster.  I trust my server"And wanted to stand there and argue with me about it telling me I was lying about ordering just the lobster tail.I told him I was almost done with my meal and the tail still wasn't there which was why I cancelled it.He didn't want to hear any of it, and got a really smug attitude with me.At no other nice restaurant on the Vegas  strip will you see this sort of treatment of a customer.  He stood there blatantly calling me a liar right to my face, when both my friend and I tried to tell him the server was the one who fucked up.  Not me.This place went from penthouse to outhouse.  From the management, to the wait staff, to the food. I'll never eat here again.
3	A couple months ago, I bought a travelzoo voucher which offered a champagne dinner for two for $79. With all the noise about bankruptcies at Eve and Beso. I was unsure how long the restaurant would be able to keep its doors open.So far, so good. Beso is stayin' alive. They actually had a large crowd dining last night. I would not expect tables to be near capacity on a Sunday evening, but they did just that.We received warm bread and soft butter to get us started. That's always a good combo, all too often we run into room temperature bread and ice cold butter.With the voucher we had our choice of appetizer, two soups or salads, two entrees and a shared dessert - no choice offered, but we could substitute a side dish, if we wanted.We began with calamari. This was a good version, tender with a light crisp breading. Topped with tomatoes, peppers, cojita cheese and served with lime and two dipping sauces.Next, we had the Beso Caprese with avocado and the seafood louie salad.The caprese was the better choice by far, there was nothing notable about the louie - at all. The seafood didn't seem fresh and the salad was overly dressed.Then, for entrees, Frank had the 16oz NY strip and I went with a 12oz filet. Both were really good, with a nice crust. Neither of us could finish. Dessert was churros with caramel sauce and chantilly cream. Yum!Overall, I was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant just might stay alive.
4	You will need many pesos to enjoy Besos.....Yes this place is uber expensive but it is ohhhhhh so good and worth it.  I love the modern feel and energy of this place and their grill chef cooks your steak perfectly.  Been here twice and it was spot on each time.  I get the small filet mignon and a side of augratin potatoes.  The steak is juicy and extremely flavorful.  The potatoes are super cheesy and the best I have ever had.  i ate the whole damn side myself and you know what?  i didn't care.  They were that good! :)  If I thought I could have gotten away with it I would have licked the bowl clean...lolThe cocktails were awesome but pricey.  $15.00 each is a little pricey even for a hot Vegas locale.  The other thing for me is that they have these big, beautiful windows but the view is the turn around circle for cars.  I have to keep it real and minus a star for those two things.  I love you Eva and trust me, I will be back everytime I come to Vegas!
2	My husband and I decided to go here on our "date night".  I had no idea it was owned by Eva Longoria until I read these reviews.  Overall, service was great.  The hostess and waiter were very friendly.  For drinks, we both had a glass of Louis M Martini Cabernet.  $11 a glass is not bad for Vegas and it was delicious!  The bread was ok.  The appetizer (Crab Cakes with lobster) was really good but pricey at $16 for one crab cake. I would pay closer to $12.  We both ordered the rib eye....too salty.  I ordered it medium and got it medium rare.  At $42 for a lonely piece of meat, it should be cooked and seasoned properly.  For sides, the mac and cheese was bland.  Didn't want to waste the calories so we didn't finish it.  The mushrooms had too much garlic.  We had the "chocolate kiss" for desert which was to die for!  It was really hit or miss through each course of the meal.  I would say that it wasn't worth $200 and more worth $85 but it was our date night and I enjoyed the company. :)However, I've paid far less for far better quality.  Sorry Eva!
3	We were told by my best friends "wife-to-be", on his bachelor weekend to go here. And that's how my story begins. Let me also mention that this was hopefully a clear indication to my friend about how the rest of his life story begins as well. So we got dressed after a long day at the Marquee Day club with some girlfriends from Santa Monica, who were in town for a bachelorette party. A great coincidence for us. Anyway, we were starving and could not wait to tear down some exquisite pieces of the finest animal flesh a bunch of cave men could inhale. We filled up 4 private taxi's and off we went. The place is nicely dressed and that's about the extent of the good parts. The service was decent considering that the place wasn't even packed, the food was bland, and good drinks are everywhere nowadays. We drank, we ate, we laughed, looked cool, and left. Beso's is not a place I would come back to again, nor will I ever recommend it to anyone for any reason, and I don't mean that in a mean way. Just as honest as possible. I actually will never brag nor mention having been there to anyone. The only reason I even considered writing about it is because, I may actually help someone save well earned cash. There are a lot better places to eat at for atmosphere, and/or, for actual well prepared food in Vegas. At least for the money you will spend here. 3 stars is actually 2.5, and that's because we had a blast either way.
1	Message to Eva Longoria:Eva, honey, stick to acting, work on your actual "craft" first before you attempt to expand your horizon. Just because you "have a passion for food" doesn't mean you should have any business opening a restaurant. I have a passion for hockey. That doesn't mean I'm going to quit my day job and join the NHL. (Marry an NHL player? Maybe!? =))My review: Recently went to Beso for a Bachelorette party dinner. ONLY because I had to. I wouldn't make a conscious decision to visit this restaurant otherwise - I don't care how trendy this place claims to be. Though it may look really pretty on the surface, I don't think a restaurant should have to try so hard to look the part. Let the food speak for itself. And speak it did. And just like its owner, it spoke LOUD - obnoxiously and annoyingly loud! Over seasoned side dishes,  cold, and under cooked meat though charred and too salty on the outside (I ordered medium well, and got medium (barely) and somewhat inattentive service. Beso claims to be a Latin-inspired steakhouse, contemporary and elegant. Though the space was stunning, quasi-elegant and contemporary I found the food to be un-inspiring, with very little Latin flavor. Just because you offer tacos, tortilla chips and chili relleno as starters, doesn't make for latin-inspiration. Latin flavors, should be integrate throughout all dishes on the menu.To top it off, the restaurant lost out reservation hours before we were set to arrive at the restaurant, despite our confirming and reconfirming weeks and days before the trip. Luckily, Beso wasn't so busy so they were able to re-reserve our reservation and seat us pretty quickly.If I were to live my life without ever entering this restaurant again I would be very content. People, stay away. Go to Del Frisco's!
2	I did a package for the Cirque Elvis show at Aria which included dinner here. The atmosphere is elegant, dark and "clubby" with awesome background music through a well designed system. The pre-fixe menu had nothing to do with Elvis which was fine however there were a few miscues. The food was delicious and prepared perfectly albeit small servings. The Caesar salad was good, the bread and butter perfection as was the filet. I never got the vegetable side that was supposed to accompany the meal. I left hungry and wanting to go somewhere to eat. I was not expecting anything with the churros dessert however it was the best part of the meal! Delicious and served with 2 little cups, one a cream sauce and the other a type of butterscotch. Excellent!  I would say a nice date place or go to for churros.
2	I really wanted to like this place since its Eva Longoria's establishment and I've always been a fan, but seriously, I wasn't impressed.. 'Tao' or 'Boa' has Beso beat by a mile. The portions are overpriced and very small. The food was good, but not great.. The waiter was cool, but not awesome.. Lets just say for a dinner that cost half a grand, we were expecting more...
5	Have to let you know what great food this steakhouse serves!!  Had the largest crabcake I have ever seen.  Three of us didn't finish this wonderful appitizer.  I had a nice beet salad and shared the bone in ribeye, a lovely cut of meat that is too large for one person. I also have to let you know how fabulous our waiter was. Right on with his recommendations.  Ask for Ahmed, you wont be sorry. The tortilla soup was the best I have had, which our waiter recommended.  Very nice dinner at a very nice restraurant.
2	Food was horrible. Only thing good was raspberry martinis. Went here for my birthday thinking it would be like the one in LA...boy was I wrong. Horrible service and food was terrible. Nothing like the one in LA...that one is great.
4	The Beso Steakhouse is slightly hidden at the Crystals in City Center on the Strip. Crystals is adjacent to the Aria at the City Center. Take the time to find Beso on the upper level at Crystals and you are very likely to not regret it. The entrance to Beso is not very large, but when you enter the restaurant it opens up to reveal an eloquent eatery. We were taken to the back corner. We were told that this corner was where they would put couples so they could be more romantic. The location made me believe they were telling the truth. It felt more romantic sitting where we were. From the moment we were seated the service people took good care of us. I really enjoyed the look of Beso and look forward to going again.The appetizer course was very unique and something I have never had presented in this way. We got the meat and cheese plate. The plate came with four types of meat, four types of cheese and crackers to go with them.The meat is specially made for Beso. What tender freshly sliced cured meat they provide. The cheese came from mellow to sharp but were all nicely creamy and tasty.I ordered the Caesar salad which I was very impressed with. It was a full leaf salad with a subdued dressing. The dressing had a very nice Caesar taste, but it was very light on the tongue. The flavor accented the lettuce and cheese and was not overbearing at all.The main course I ordered was a bone in rib-eye and my wife had the petite filet. It was almost as if I didn't need a knife to cut the rib-eye. I know this is kind of cliche, but it was like the knife went through the steak as if it were butter. I barley had to chew as well. The rib-eye was so tender and tasty. The flavor was meaty without being to over the top. I like my steaks medium rare. This rib-eye was cooked perfectly with the right amount of marbling; the right amount of fat and the perfect sear. I would have to say that this rib-eye was one of the, if not the best steak I have ever eaten.Dessert was equally delicious as the rest of the meal. It was a perfect cap to the meal presented. The wine was wonderful. It had a great taste. It was a wonderful balance between sweet and acid. The aroma was well rounded and lingered pleasantly. I am sorry that I do not remember the winery the cab I had was from. I also know the restaurant cannot insure the quality of the wines they serve. But, the selection made by the Sommelier seems to be very thoughtful. My wife enjoyed her wine selection as much as I enjoyed mine.I found overall that the meal was well worth the price. But it is a four dollar sign restaurant. Because of that, the value is not a 10, but is is still worth the cost and a good value.
2	This place is pretty terrible. I guess I feel bad about giving it a one-star rating so I'm giving it two.They cannot cook a steak. It's unreal. And to think I ignored all the other bad reviews here on Yelp saying the same thing. The servers seem to be absolutely clueless as well. They seem like they knew they were floundering and tried to kiss ass a little bit but that doesn't make up for the expensive price tag. I'd rather eat steak at Sizzler. No joke.
2	Disappointing experience. They messed up on our orders more than once. They took one of the steaks off the bill, which was nice of them, but the experience was underwhelming. With so many other options, I won't be returning.
3	We celebrated my wife's birthday here with a large party and found the experience to be ok.  There were a few moments where we were looking around like Mere Cats for the server but overall the service was average.  My wife and her friends loved their drinks...I think it was called a Pink Kiss.  I had a Makers Manhattan, its Makers so I can't complain.  The guac and chips were good...I think that this is one of Beso's top pick items.  I ordered the filet and it was cooked to perfection; however, I went against my better judgment and ordered it Oscar style which is a cream sauce, with crab meat and asparagus.  Definitely not worth the 12.00 extra bucks.  Steak tacos were OK for my wife's girlfriend but would not satisfy a hungry appetite.  The restaurant itself was really nice everything you would expect of a Las Vegas establishment on the strip.  It sits adjacent to the Aria Hotel.  Our taxi cab did not know where the restaurant was and dropped us off on the backside of the casino.  So anyone looking to take a cab there tell the driver to drop you off at Aria's main valet.  You can see the restaurant as soon as you pull up.
4	My girlfriend and I were staying at Vdara and wanted to get a get a nice dinner within walking distance.  We didn't have reservations and were walking around the Crystals shopping center, just taking a gander at each restaurant's menus.  Although Mastro's Ocean Club has received some glittering reviews; the menu didn't seem to speak to our palettes (or stomachs) on that particular evening.  We then settled on Beso (and it was the first place we walked past).  They had us sit at the bar while our table was being readied, and so sipped on cocktails while we waited.  No more than 10 minutes later, we were brought to our table, which was pretty good given that it was Friday night and we didn't have any reservations.  We started off with the chips/guac and the steamed mussels.  Both were perfectly fine.  I had the petit filet with sides of grilled shrimp and the jalapeno creamed corn.  My girlfriend had the ahi tuna adobo.  My only gripe is when I say "medium", I like it to be very pink, but not bloody.  I'd have to say that the filet was closer to "medium well."  I will say however that the jalapeno creamed corn is quite delicious.  The final bill (including a couple of cocktails) ended up around $170 (tax/tip included).  Normally, with such a steep price, and what we got, we're looking at 3'ish stars.  HOWEVER......KEN JEONG SHOWED UP!!! Dr. Ken, aka "Leslie Chow" of the Hangover fame, was there celebrating a private party with some friends.  He could not have been more generous and gracious when essentially the entire restaurant got in line to take pictures with him.  THAT was a freaking awesome Vegas memory!  Hence, FOUR STARS!
2	Beautiful atmosphere and that's about it! Reservation was at 8pm. First round of drinks took 40 minutes and the place was dead! My girlfriend already did a Yelp Review on this place and I am pretty sure she covered everything! I am mostly dissapointed that a manager never came to the table to apologize or acknowledge all the issues we had that night. Super pricey for a super let down! We thought that with Eva Longoria's name behind this restaurant, it would have been amazing, but it was far from it! :( N wonder we were able to get reservations so easily!
2	I'm going to agree with Matt from Indianapolis that reviewed Beso in Nov of 2011. these celebrity owned or co owned restaurants are exactly that.  Just a name on the menu and the website. i was at Beso in Nov of 2011 as well.  the restaurant is beautiful.  the entrance and waiting/ bar area is very nice.  The dinning area is even more beautiful with a great view of the fountain and entrance to City Center.  My party and i didn't have to wait very long to be seated.  this was the same weekend as the Pacquiao vs Marquez fight along with the usual Vegas events.  I was surprised the restaurant and City Center wasn't busier.  The service was average for not being busy. My friend and I ordered the 16 oz NY strip. Medium well.  The steak was cooked well but, not seasoned at all.  tasted very bland.  the steak came with a side of horseradish sauce.  that helped add some taste but, no flavor to the steak.  Beso is an ala carte restaurant.  My friend and i ordered mash potatoes and roasted mushrooms. both good sides.  both added flavor to the steak.  My friends fiance ordered a salad and added chicken to it.  when it came to the table it was missing the chicken.  During dinner we asked the waiter about the club upstairs.  We were told it was under renovation. The club had not been open very long.  Not sure why they would need to renovate it.  My friends and i were all in agreement, for what we paid and the food we ordered, we won't be coming back.
4	I had a fabulous service experience at the bar area last week during a business trip to Vegas. The Happy Hour selection and pricing was great for the appetizers and the cocktails though the wine by the glass left a lot to be desired...but  the $7 mini crab cake appetizer that the bartender recommended was outstanding -- full of crab meat and a light crunchy coating. When I overstayed the happy hour time enjoying a well-balanced $7 cocktail as well, I asked about additional wines by the glass and was presented with an iPad in a cool velvety case which of course enticed me to choose a 2008 Stratton Lummis Cabernet which I highly recommend (though it was $15-16/glass, I think, but it is Vegas).
3	One special night, I decided to take my fiancee out for a lovely dinner before a show at planet hollywood. So I made a reservation at Beso and arrived promptly at the restaurant.The whole place is pretty empty, maybe 6 or 7 tables were filled. The hostess with too mini of a dress greets us with a smile and seats us in a nice table. We were greeted by the server who seems pretty casual and cool. He gave us an ipad for the wine list. I mean ipad for wine list. Thats pretty cool.We ordered our wine and appetizers as well as our main courses. Was it wonderful? Let me give you the breakdown. Salt and pepper calamari?? Nah, I like the chinese restaurant version better for half the price. How's the steak??? Well, since I already ate at Vic and Anthonys, this place is heaven and earth compare to Vic and Anthonys.  We also tried the crispy Salmon, which is nothing to really write home about. All and all, the food and the service as well as the attention of the manager will make me come back and try it one more time. I just hope that I pick the right item next time. Oh by the way, if thats the way Eva likes her salmon then she shouldve try my cook salmon. Please!!!
2	Came here on a Sunday night at the end of our Vegas weekend trip from Miami....was celebrating my 30th bday.  It was completely empty as we arrived at 6:30.  Overall service was very good but ordered a filet medium....first was well done; second was raw; third time just didn't taste good anymore!  Staff was very apolgetic and gave us a free mac and cheese.  But overall I would not return as this is a steakhouse and they can't even cook a steak!!
