5	5 stars strictly for the $5 craps all night long.  I've never lost money on a craps table at binions.  in fact, i've made pretty good money.  IN FACT, i think of the craps tables at binion's as my second job.  i don't go in asking myself if i am going to win or lose money, i ask myself, "how much money are you going to win tonight, laura?"  because that is the attitude of someone who WINS at craps.  and in life.  except for that second part, everything i said above is true.  sorry, True.my advice: get your spot at a table and hold on to it for dear life even if some drunken frat boys are yelling things like, "hey red!  you better move your ass or i'll move it for you!"  don't deal with these schmos...you're not here to flirt, you're here to win so block them out and get into the craps ZONE.  either that or have one of the dealers call security.  seems like everytime i'm here, there is either a lewd comment made in my general direction or a body part is groped by one of these charmers.  don't worry, the dealers are more than happy to kick their drunk asses out so don't hesitate to yell, "hey, Ernie!  can you get these yahoos outta here...i'm here to gamble, not to babysit!  i know you know!"  once the fray boys are gone...it's time to play CRAPS!more advice: don't go to the craps table (even the $5 all night crap table) with less than $100.  this is a game you have to go into big (um $100 is big to me i work in non profit so LAY OFF!!!) to win even bigger.  don't worry, it will all pay off.  half of this is a mental game...you are an athlete (albeit a drunk, fat one), picture the win.  make it real.  always bet at least $6 on the 6 & 8 and don't forget to back up your bet on the pass line with at least $5 ($6 if the mark is a 5 or 9!)  Listen...craps is the most fun and best odds of any vegas game (i think tied with black jack which requires some skill so fuck that!) and it's not that hard...it just can look intimidating.  grab your spot at the table, trade a couple of quips with the awesome dealers, ALWAYS tip (you watch their backs, they'll watch yours, capiche?) and don't go heavy on the free drinks.  remember, you're here to win.  not to have a good time.  oh...and if a table is cold, just leave.  walk away.  the number one mistake of a new gambler is not leaving a cold table.  ooh ooh...when you get to a table, ask the dealers, "is this table hot, boys?"  THEY LOVE THAT!  um, this helps if you are a young woman and flashing a bit of clevage.  actually, maybe it's the clevage they like. i would not recommend doing this if you are a dude.  this is vegas, they will not hesitate to take you out back and kill you.  actually, i don't know if that's true but i like to think that it is.   i have made over $1,000 playing craps at binions. i don't want to be the only one.  i am sharing this information with you so that you may go forward and win.  and to you i say: big money, no whammy!  mama needs a new pair of shoes!  winner winner (faux) chicken dinner!p.s. feel free to email me for an extended list of ways to win big at craps.  i have many tips.  most of them legal.
5	Although this casino is downtown, it is still one of my fav's.  I absolutely LOVE the crap's and poker here.  And you can still get great food values and comp's.  Make your way downtown and play here!
4	I don't usually order prime rib - mostly porterhouse - but after seeing the size and quality of the prime rib at this place - OH MY GOD.  It was some of the best looking, tasting steak I've had.  Easily two inches thick with the bone attached.  If you need your meat fix, this is the place.  Rest of the food is the standard steakhouse fare - iceberg wedges, tomatoes and onions, etc. but it is all good.You'll have to make your way to the old downtown but, hey, it's always good to get off the strip - for any reason.
3	I loved Binion's until they got bought out by Harrah's Entertainment in 2004.  It was the classic downtown casino for me.  It was a great place to learn how to play craps, especially when they had $0.50 craps - with the ugly brown chips and crusty old local dudes that were always so grumpy and serious, as they were pissing away their social security checks down here.   Ahh, the old days...Much of the old charm of Binion's has been replaced by the "corporate" culture of Harrah's.  If I had to spend time downtown, I'd either play at Golden Nugget (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/BIBWGO_r_1znnlmLbp4Nxg ), which feels more like the upscale action on the Strip, or Main Street Station (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/if59L5DHM4pPMrCx9HuD8A ), which I believe has the BEST ambiance because of old cowboy western theme.  Unfortunately, Binion's has lost it's charm and appeal in it's later days.   Pros:+ convenient parking+ free parking validation by the cage+ low ceilingsCons:- can be extremely smokey#214
5	Definitely a great casino.  Many of the places on Fremont St. are a bit musty, but there's tons of hardwood and fresh air at Binion's.  This place was one of my favorites.I may be a bit biased since this place is where the Big Game use to be played and is the birth place of the World Series of Poker.  If you're into poker go back and check out the Poker Hall of Fame and the wall with the pictures of all the WSOP winners.  And take note, that douche Jaimie Gold doesn't have his picture up, because he's a disgrace to the game of Poker.  They've got a real nice poker room, the low limit No Limit Hold'Em game is a min/max buy-in of $100 with $1/$2 blinds.  A bit high for me, so I was a little intimidated playing with $100 on the line....  Until I caught QUAD QUEENS on only my second hand!!!!! (That's four of a kind, and *very* rare for you slot players keeping score at home.)   I played the hand like a retard because I was playing scared, but I got lucky to win my fifty bucks.  The rake is really low, even in the small stakes games, and they give prizes for high hands.  I got a little plastic lighter with a Binion's Horseshoe logo for my 4-o-Kind.  I figure you get t-shirts and jackets when you get straight flushes.  The place had a really classy, yet welcoming feel to it.  It's not like the MGM Grand where you feel like if you've only got $100 in your pocket you're out of place.  The place reminded me of a bar I use to go to.  The decor was nice and stylish.  I'll have to see if any of my pictures turned out.  Any ways, if you're the type that hangs out on the strip all the time, come by here.  Make sure to walk out at the top of the hour for the Freemont Street Experience light show.
5	I'm going to give it 5 stars just for being the only place we found all weekend with a $5 pai gow table so I could gamble with some friends that didn't really come to gamble.  Every other place (and we went through a ton of casinos) were $10 min on the weekend.
5	I only play poker here and they have the best poker room in the downtown area.I also love their poker tournaments. They have 6 a day.
2	I'm only writing for the hotel portion.Horrible.  Awful.  Smelly.  Uncomfortable.but.... for $58 on a weekend, i guess it had to do.The bed was harder than if sleeping on the floor (which you didnt want to do by the way).  Oh and the bed had rubber sheets!   The water in the shower barely came drizzling out.The decor was circa 1963 and never upgraded.  The oldest tv ever was in this room.  It was barely a color television.No extra blankets or pillows.  Two super thin, used a million times towels were given.  Oh, and only the best part.... they give you Jhirmack Shampoo! haha
5	If you're starved for some beginner's luck, if the Strip has sucked every last dime out of your linty pockets, then head downtown and throw some money at Binion's.Sign up for their player's card and get $10 in free slot play.  Low table minimums, low ceilings, tons of slots, and a tasty looking food counter--this place is a classic.Here's how kind Binion's was to us:  Wife hit $80 slot payout playing her free $10 credit.  Wife hit $60 roulette payout after playing for five minutes on a $2 table.  I hit $500 payout on a $0.25 video poker machine after playing for ten minutes on a $20 bill, this while wife hit $60 pot on Wheel O' Fortune slot.  Thank you, Binion's!  We love you, Binion's!
4	i agree with most of the reviewers....binions is a good place to play. especially when it's with other peoples money!!! hence the players card that offers $10 free credit when you sign up. since it was only ten bucks and i was giving up hope on all the other slots.......i headed to some cutesy little slots that had about seven different reels all spinning & a bonus game. these machines were penny slots and they were loud, colorful, and exciting..........just the way i like them. i think they were called hot hot penny......but anyway, i ended up playing with that ten bucks for about 2 hours!!!! not putting in a dime of my money! i ended up walking away with $120 and that was all from the $10 free play!!!! man i love casinos like this!!!! definitely a must for the slot lovers.
5	Binion's a place for lovers? Yup it's true. Binion's that hard scrabble gambling hall downtown, is maybe the most romantic spot in Vegas. At least for me. I asked my wife to marry me at the Bellagio Fountains, we got married at Caesars, but Binion's is the spot that does it for me. We were sitting at the Binion's Snack Bar. Which we love almost as much as we love the Coffee Shop downstairs.  Anyways, we were sitting there enjoying a grilled ham and cheese sandwich, when a very elderly lady asked me if she could sit down at the counter next to me. "Of course," I said, and moved my food over a little. Then she turned and helped her even more elderly husband to the chair.  Everyone knew the couple, they all asked how he was doing. He obviously was not doing too well. But he said something to the effect of, "I'd complain, but who would listen!"The couple sat down and ordered two bowls of the snack bar's famous Hobo Stew. Here is a link to a pdf of the menu of the snackbar. http://www.binions.com/dining/snackbarmenu.pdfThey talked to the cooks about their kids, about the cooks' kids, about life in general.  After they were finished, the lady helped him to his scooter and one of the cooks called out, "See ya next week." The gentleman responded, "I'm not making any guarantees but I sure hope so." Well turns out this couple had been coming to binions, every week for over 40 years. Sitting at this same counter, ordering that same hobo stew.  As we watched them go away, my wife said, "Think that will be us someday?" I said, "if we are really really lucky honey, it will be."
3	The Binion's Casino is great. I played blackjack (and maybe some video poker) all night, and I loved it. The dealers are friendly and the cocktail waitresses are nice, it's just a great place.The hotel, however, could be nicer. When we first checked in, I was very dismayed to hear that the pool was closed due to remodeling. I'm not a huge pool person. I don't care what the pool looks like, I don't want to swim very long, and I slather myself in sunscreen so I can avoid getting a tan. However, I was coming from a very long and cold winter in Chicago, and I wanted some freaking sun time. Denied.I figured it was only one night though. I went up to the room and fell on the bed. I didn't notice until after a few minutes, but within a foot of my face, there were 2 tears and 5 cigarette burns on the bedspread. Gross! The next morning, the sun shone through a bunch of holes in the curtains. I added a picture above, if you're interested.Oh, and there's no hairdryer in the bathroom. I thought they were standard now, but apparently not.
4	This is THE place to go if you're playing poker.  They run their tournaments flawlessly thanks to their amazing staff.  You'll find me there during their smaller buyin tournament series during the WSOP.
3	I stayed here May 17th and it was nice to have a room right in Downtown, where I spend most of my time in Vegas. The drive isn't that bad but I just want to get there asap, so when I do make it, at least the check-in shouldn't take so long! But it did! There was one gal on duty on a Saturday night and it seemed like it took forever! Finally up in the room I really dug that old furniture in there! I've seen bedroom sets like that at the Goodwill! hehe.. It was basic but nice to be in from the heat. The pool was closed for remodelling, damn, but the bed was comfy. The next morning the maid knocked on my door at 9am!! I was still asleep, thank you, but she poked her head in anyway! Geez check-out isn't until 12, give me a break! No way was I up at 9am. Yeah it's a funky place and the service is a bit off, the noise from Fremont St. can get loud, but I still like the funky rooms with turquoise bedspreds and I brought a dress that matched the hotel! A little red lipstick and everything was ok again. -1 star for waking me up and -1 star for keeping me waiting and not letting me know the pool was closed. I'd stay again for $69 though!
5	FYI im giving this place 5 stars not because its a Four Seasons type of place, it ges a fine rating based on value, location and quality service....i recently spent 4 days at Binions and it was great....clean rooms with coffee machine and plenty of room......make sure to watch at least one local newscast a day...the news is Crazy in Las Vegas with lotsa wacky personalities on the air.....our room had a makeup mirror/nook thingy...muy fancy...we had a view of the Fremont St Experience and it was a great view of the Strip at night....the Coffee Shop has great food at a great price with excellent service..we had an excellent gentleman named Andrew who was the consummate professional and really was an all around great server.. ...i would recommend the Prime Rib Special...actually my pik shows me right before digging into it!..notice the shock when i see how much food is in front of me.....its not a healthy meal at all but it is a guilty pleasure....Binions gaming is good with plenty of gaming from slots to table games...i recommend going to the bar that is open at night on Fremont St and purchase a drink in a souvenir glass....either the bubble pilsner glass or my personal favorite...the plastic football that they fill with beer....it is a great way to start the night off....the service all around this place was great...everyone was friendly and helpful.....this place is such a great value....i cant wait to go back.......UPDATE....we just came home from a 4 day trip and once again, Binions doesnt let us down.....Check in was a breeze, prolly took 4 minutes even though it was a late check in....the room was roomy, clean and the a/c was great....last year the pool was not open but this year....it was!....a great pool on the top of the hotel with a great view....i stayed in so long i sunburned like a lobster.....the Coffee shop still has great specials and my fav is the Prime Rib!.....so good i had it twice.....the service was excellent and i was even lucky to have Andrew, the best server downtown if not all of vegas...class act!....the gaming was good to us and we spent alot of time enjoying the place.....for an inexpensive alternative to mega-pricey strip hotels, this is it...plus its downtown location makes it close to mardis gras everynight!....i loved seeing everyone with yardglasses, getting smashed and having fun...which is what lifes allabout!
5	Stayed for 3 nights in September, Price was great, Room was clean and big. Was on Fremont so was close to everything. Valet was great and fast. Was under some construction but that ok as lots of help from staff.Front desk staff was very very helpful. The online reservation I made 2 months prior was made with a company that went bankrupt last month. The front desk staff was great and gave me a better price online and helped me get my CC card free of charge.
1	I appreciate nostalgia as much as the next gal, but ewwwwww. Stupid me, thought that we could just stroll up to the Golden Nugget at 1am on Friday. Stupid, stupid me. So, after being turned away at the front desk, we plodded outside, tried to make some phone calls and decided to stay at Binion's. I'll repeat: ewwwwww.I'm definitely not a clean freak, but that bed had a comforter on that couldn't have been manufactured before 1987. And all I could think about were the twenty years of hair, bodily fluids, alcohol, and vermin that must have accumulated on this comforter. Double freaking ewwww.Thumbs Up:-Cheap and available, but so are a lot of things  it doesn't mean I want them.Thumbs Down:-Stains on the floor.-Two lousy pillows on each bed.-Years and years and years of things accumulated on the bedding.-Gross. Really, just...ewwwwww.
3	I guess it's an OK vintage establishment on Fremont St. with lots of history behind it, but did the security guard really have to chase away the old wino who was nice enough to hail a cab for us at 3AM???  That wasn't very friendly of Binion's security squad.
3	...we stayed there Dec 29th and 30th...I will return! I love Fremont St so much better than the Strip nowadays, vintage Vegas and family friendly if you can look past the street pple....not hard to do. The coffee shop serves up some excellent grub for any meal at cheapo prices! Make sure you do not get a room on the Fremont St side if you are kept up by noise easily as the Fremont St Experience runs every hour on the hour till midnight and it is LOUD...but I was too exhasusted to let it really bother me...all staff was friendly and the rooms were clean and comfy...I'd go back when we can take advantage of the roof top pool area.
4	Binion's was always my favorite place to gamble when I'm downtown.I was recently there, and got my picture taken with the million dollars.  It's free to get the photo.  You just have to wait 30 minutes to pick it up.I also got several match coupons at the player's card desk.  Be warned if you get it, too:  the blackjack/crap tables won't let you play unless you go to the cashier, show your I.D. and get the REAL coupon.  THAT was a real drag.But, other than that, you can find single deck blackjack, craps odds that are terrific, and great drink service at the slots and table games.
2	A return trip, based on the memory of the last time here, was a bit of a disappointment.  Food didn't seem as good and the service a little slower but the kicker was a, shall we say, less than clean water glass.   Made me wonder about the rest of the place and whether this is why the lights are kept low.
1	Classic place to go gambling and it plays host to a lot of the world poker tournaments.  This place has got a lot of history from the old days of Las Vegas.  Table games are cheap too so if your bank roll is low, then go here.  As for the hotel, the rooms are not soundproofed so good luck trying to get some sleep (bring ear plugs).  You'd be right next to the Fremont Experience, with all the noise and sounds from the light show and from the concerts that go on during the night.  Plus, the rooms have not been refurbished like the ones at El Cortez or California Hotel so you end up feeling kinda dirty when you sleep there.  Did I mention the parking?  Yeah, the parking situation is pretty retarded, you gotta park across the street and then you can only get your ticket validated at the front desk every time you park. There's no parking pass even if you're a hotel guest for several days. So since usually there's a line of people trying to check in, check out, or whatever, you'd have to wait there a long time for validation.  Come on Binion's, what kinda business are you guys conducting here...seriously now.  Make it more efficient so you don't waste people's time losing money at your casino!Overall I give the gambling experience 2 stars, but the hotel is what killed it for this place.  So come for some gambling, but definitely don't stay for the hotel.
4	the casino's pretty good.  low-roller friendly, some pretty good looking lady dealers there too.  you can get a free picture with a million bucks and they don't try to hard sell you anything when you go to pick it up.  classy!
4	Let's see, the couple I met here with my friend came from Hungary and they were all too willing to buy drinks for the two of us. Gin and tonic after gin and tonic, I didn't realize people visiting Vegas could be so kind. I think it was the atmosphere and as my friend said (he doubtfully could have recited his name he was that drunk) the best burger he's ever had. I love the open feel of the place and that it's in Old Vegas where all the interesting folks come to hang out. Definitely a must visit.
4	i wanna try a room someday. a classic, historic institution.  i enjoy the $3 minimum on their craps tables before the sun goes down. cool staff. cool slots.  old school good times. major hotties dealing black jack by the craps tables.
2	Binion's is one of the six or seven Fremont Street casinos, and like all the rest has pretty much the same decor and feel on the inside.  Their two draws are a huge Cadillac parked just inside with bull horns on the front (great for cheesy pictures), and if you're there between 11:00 and 5:00,  you can have your picture taken with one million dollars (underneath two inches of bulletproof glass, of course) in hundreds.  The photo is free, they'll print it for you and give it to you in a little folder.My major gripe with this place is the late-night diner, which is run by the worst group of skinflints imaginable... so much so that I walked out after they refused to substitute anything for the pork they served in one of their breakfast specials.  And the Dunkin' Donuts is even worse... the dirtbag behind the counter charged me MORE for a small coffee than a medium coffee would have been in a combo, even though I got the combo.  His response to me asking why he overcharged me?  "You ordered a small coffee. I don't make the prices."  You know what else you don't make, jackass?  A tip, or any repeat business.  Avoid this crap and head up the street.  There's always something open if you look hard enough.
4	This place holds a special place in my heart. My uncle promised me when I was 10 that he would take me to Vegas when I turned 21. Clearly, I don't forget anything.So I went my parents and uncle. After they hit the sack at 2 am I still wanted to hit the town. Luckily on Fremont this is a bit more safe than the strip so I walked over to Binion's from the Nugget and went to town alone on the crap's table. The dealer were pretty cool in helping me learn the game. I had a horrible luck but the guy next to me kept winning off my rolls so he kept me going with a few chips. All in all a pretty awesome experience. If you want an old Vegas experience check this place out!
1	If I could give this hotel a negative star rating, I would. Binion's is foul & disgusting. The carpets were filthy, the walls were filthy, even the air smelled filthy. We made reservations for two nights and only made it through one hellish night in our broom-closet-sized room. We lost the money we had already paid, but it was worth it to get out of this time warped white trash den.Only stay at Binion's if you absolutely have to, for instance if someone held a gun to your head and forced you. Spend a little more money and stay in a decent place.Also, if you do have the misfortune of staying at Binion's, don't expect a TV made after 1970 (or one that plays shows other than Lawrence Welk--I'm not kidding either). Don't expect a comfortable bed or a decent night's sleep with the AC unit practically rumbling off the wall.
3	This place is a must-see in downtown, but what a dump.  I have parked there many times when I go downtown for the evening and the parking lot alone is one of the filthiest places on earth.  Inside, it isn't much better with dingy carpet, smoke-filled air, and some of the oldest looking "stuff" in Vegas.  However, I keep going back because there is something special about the place.  I even ran into my old college roommate there around 3am one morning.Binion's is located right along the Fremont Street Experience, which is worth seeing.  If you want somewhere to gamble and have a drink while waiting for the show, this is a pretty good spot.On Mother's Day 2007, I dropped a $20 bill in a $1 slot machine for my mother.  I told my girlfriend that if the machine hit during the first 10 spins ($2 per spin) I would mail the proceeds to my mother.  On the 8th spin, I hit a small jackpot in the amount of $600.  The machine started playing music and I called and awakened my mother in Atlanta to hear the sweet sound.  She was happy!  I mailed her a check, along with one of the coins that spilled out of the machine (yes, it is super old school here - no tickets).  She bought a piece of jewelry because I told her she had to spend it on something she normally wouldn't buy.  That was a fun night!  After I left, I went to another dump, The Plaza, and won on a different machine.  I kept that one.
3	Magnavox.  It's all about the 13" Magnavox TV's circa 1979.  It still works but sure is crappy.   We spent 15 bucks on a room and was upgraded to a suite (I mean we did spend some big bucks on the room).  The room was old, but clean and still functions like that Magnavox in the room.  The bathrooms were clean (we had 2 in our VIP suite) :)  However the couch belongs in a dumpster and not  a hotel.Overall it met my expectations which were minimal for a $15 a night room.
4	I didn't stay at the hotel. However, if you are looking for blackjack that offers some good odds to the play then this is a good place to start. Five dollar, single deck blackjack with a five hundred dollar limit on the table treated me pretty fairly for half a day. Started with a great dealer and upped my pot by about 200 dollars in half an hour. House brought in a crabby dealer so I colored up and moved on. Jack and coke is 2.99 if you aren't gambling. Far cry from the 11 dollar drinks on the strip. Dealers are helpful to the uninitiated.
3	I really enjoy the Fremont Street experience. The downtown has a whole different feel from the strip. It is unique and mostly - a lot of fun.Binion's is right in the middle of the action.Binions is a "fun" place to gamble. The dealers are experienced vegas people and the craps table workers are excellent.The bars always have one or two beers that can be had for $2.00.I have always been given a nice room, not huge - but very nice ...especially for the price.My room always seems to overlook the big  screen and  is usually located right above one of the two stages for free music on the street.I would give Binion's a four star rating, except for the fact that the self parking seems like a "mile" away friom the casino.It is not easy to get to the casino and hotel from the parking lot.The other reason for only three stars is there is very little food selection here.Binion's once had a great little burger shop, but the sale of the property  a few years ago elimninated that fun little old style burger spot.Binion's, just because of it's place in Vegas history, is a must stop for you on a visit to Las Vegas. Check out the World Series of poker wall of winnersand enjoy the experience of old style Las Vegas.
4	The classic WSOP hotel.I stayed at during a weekday for $20/night.  Obviously does not have all the frills, but definitely a good deal for the price I paid.  The rooms were clean.  Has everything you need.  Good poker room downstairs.   Great place to stay, a classic, and for a great price.
2	So I'm from Vegas and I view staying at hotels in Vegas as a bit of a novelty now...as such I'm trying to hit all the downtown hotels and casinos. I had a photo shoot this past weekend and needed to spend the night in Vegas so I looked at what was available. I often stay at The Artisan off Sahara (I'll post a review) and it was the same price as Binion's but I had never stayed at Binion's before, it was on my list of places to try and I wanted to meet up with all my friends to go drinking so it was the right location. The casino itself is pretty cool-and definitely worth checking out. The staff were lavishly dressed in tshirts for a Halloween event and all were really friendly and helpful. Parking is a bit of a walk away if you have bags though so bear this in mind before you start the hike. There's a burger/hotdog lunch counter off the casino floor that is pretty rad-reminds me of the old K-mart lunch counters.OK so that's about where the coolness ends. I know there's a lot of people that love this place and overlook the rooms-and yeah, when you're in vegas you're not going to be in the room a lot unless you're entertaining the local ladies of leisure so there's not much reason to complain about the rooms BUT. This may have been the dingiest, worn out, and uncomfortable room I've stayed in since college. The bed was like a sheet of plywood, the carpet looked worse than the carpet on the casino floor, the wallpaper was from the 80's and there was the ubiquitous iron burn in the floor which I found ironic because there's NO iron in the room....maybe one begot the other. All in all unless you're staying there during an event (I did) the rooms are ridiculous cheap. Even when there's something special going on the rooms are really cheap....but the only way the room is worth it is if you're almost not paying for it.....Do it...be brave....
2	I went to the buffet here and was appalled, repelled, flabberghasted, and lots of other big words with negative conotations. I have to pay at a buffet-type restaurant AFTER I eat? I really hate that because I can just feel the surveillance dudes watching me on the 1,001 cameras to make sure I don't skip out. At a buffet, please let me pay FIRST!! I went here because I heard they had crawfish which I hadn't tasted since I was living in Louisiana when I was little. These crawfish were not kept cold enough and had a rubbery taste as they were sitting on hard unfresh ice that had melted into itself. Maybe the ice was scared of the big mean cook staring me down with a sour look on his face as he stood behind the frozen station. The clam chowder soup was like milk and the whole time I was there, the bread and cracker baskets were not refilled once! The mashed potatoes resembled cream-of-wheat and the desserts were stale and crusty. The only good thing was the adequate cost (it better be) and, surprisingly, that my servers were nice and brought me my drinks promptly. But I knew very soon that this was not a place I was ever going to visit again (even though I live in Vegas). These restaurants (or at least the immediate managers therein) have got to realize that there are too many other eateries where people can go to enjoy a meal; a person doesn't have to put up with this sort of thing - I certainly won't.
4	I've been to Vegas 11 times and never to Freemont and finally I got here on this trip.  Freemont in general is like the most fun flea market/casino I've ever been to.  Binions was top of my list while down there.  It's old and beat up a bit, but who cares everyone at this place was yelling and screaming and having fun.  The cocktails came frequently while at the 5 dollar minimum tables and I really felt I got my moneys worth while playing there.
2	Binion's closed its hotel on December 14th! I found this out while looking for a place to stay. The Horseshoe is finally closing down again... The casino will still be open though. It's kind of sad, but my one and only experience with their hotel was horrible. The prices are cheap, but I didn't expect to get a tiny, haunted looking room. Haha! Other than that I'm sure you can find some cheap and better rooms around the downtown area.
1	Definitely the worst hotel experience I've ever had. My bf and I planned to stay here 3 nights the week before we moved to Vegas in Sept 2009, to look at apartments and such. We booked Binion's because we like Downtown and it was only $17/night. I'm a fan of the vintage look, so going down the hotel hallways was a blast from the past, but the beds are basically cots. I'm not picky about mattresses but you could feel EVERY spring in these cots, it was difficult to fall asleep. So after having fallen asleep the first night, we hear the fire alarm go off around 8 am the next morning. We were extremely distraught. The fire alarm has an individual speaker in every room and it is VERY loud, it's deafening. We were told over the speaker that it was a false alarm. So alright, whatever, we go back to sleep. About 45 minutes later it happens again, only to continue for the rest of our stay...Our second day there the alarm goes off almost nonstop. It goes off every now and then in the early afternoon, and a few hours later it is literally going off at LEAST every 10-20 minutes. My bf couldn't take a phone call for a few minutes without the alarm interrupting. We learn that the fire department is there trying to fix the alarm, which in turn just makes it go off constantly. We tried to stay away from our room as much as possible. We sleep there a second night and the alarm goes off here and there throughout the evening and night.The next day my boyfriend can't take it anymore and we decide to leave a day early. The alarm goes on and on and on as we pack up our crap as quickly as possible. He tries to get a refund when we check out, or some kind of acknowledgment of care for their guests, but they refused to do anything but try to comp us a meal (but staying in the building was too unbearable; you could hear the alarm going off while on the casino floor, walking on Fremont St, or even while driving by Binion's). Getting a refund wouldn't have been about the money, it was extremely cheap to stay there. It's just our entire stay was so HORRIBLE he wanted some kind of compensation and got nothing.The cherry on top was when I had a tasty burger at their cafe place but ended up getting sick on it (and I RARELY get sick on food). This is another reason we did not take the offer for a comped meal, I did not want to get sick on Binion's food again. Thanks for the uncomfortable stay!
1	The Hotel -- finally -- is (permanently) closed.
4	Never stayed in a room here, in fact I believe it's currently closed for renovations.  This review is strictly for the casino!Fun, fun place located in old town Vegas.  I loved the electronic blackjack on the big screen TV here with the $3 dollar minimums.  Even though it was electronic, the chicks on the screen were so HOT!!!  We stopped in here after midnight on a weeknight and there were quite a few people, it soo felt like this is what Vegas is suppose to be about.  Lots of drunks, low on life looking people gambling their lives away here and have a damn good time.  It also didn't hurt that I won here so that sure helped my impression of this place.  Overall, it was a nice change from the strip where everyone is dressed their finest even while gambling in the casino.  This is the place where folks high five and cheer each other on the craps table!  The excitement alone here is 100x better than gambling on the strip....
3	Nice place to play... got on a great winning streak playing mini bac.  A great historic hotel and casino.
4	I loved this place. Not only are all the girls super sexy and talkative but their all sweet. The staff had no problem taking some time to explain how to play and how to bet. I won a couple times on the roulette and had a great time. The bets are low $1 minimum which was GREAT! most places due a minimum of $10! Spent most of my weekend coming back to this place....definitely gotta visit again soon.
4	My review of Binion's is strictly for the casino area.AMAZING!My fiance and I had stayed across the street at the GN, but was disappointed with the $10 minimums at each table they had.  We really wanted to play table games, but didn't want to fork out that much on the front end (at first).  We decided to walk across the street to Binion's and check out this old beast.The lurking smell of cigars and cigarettes, along with whiskey filled breaths made this casino feel like the real deal; the whole reason I chose to stay on the old strip.  A little bit of trash, with a little bit (or hardly any) class.Before setting foot at the tables, I really needed to pass the fluids accumulating from hours worth of binge drinking.  When asking a random employee where the restroom was located, I was pointed in the general direction, PLUS they walked me to the location!  WOW!  This was not the only time that a staff member did this.  Another time we were trying to find the elevator to the steakhouse (which we did not eat at in the long run) and the employee walked us all the way through the casino to the elevator.  I was thoroughly surprised at this random act of kindness and help.Tables here are cheap.  Flat out.  I played $5 blackjack, roulette, and let it ride.  Being fairly new to let it ride, the dealer proceeded to assist with my first few hands, advising me on my next moves (which in this case made sense since I was playing the house and NOT the dealer).  I was up on let it ride.  Went and sat at a blackjack table and was UP AGAIN.  Decided it was time to move to roulette.  Was UP AGAIN!  I stayed in this casino for nearly 4 hours spending my hard earned money on pure debauchery.  Drink service was prompt at the roulette table, but not so much at blackjack and let it ride.To say the least, I left pretty intoxicated, up in money, and had the best night of my whole vacation at this little joint.
4	Binion's smells like a dirty shoe & cheap whiskey but it somehow has that classic warm Las Vegas charm unlike any other Casino.A really sweet, dirty & funky old shoe. Would I wash my hands with rubbing alcohol after touching the slot machines here? Yes... but it's so worth the burn! Seriously though. Binion's is a really good time. - You have a classic casino on Fremont street in Downtown Vegas- Black Jack tables with dealers dressed as Cute Cowgirls- Nothing Fancy & Showy. Just Comfy & Classic.- Old School Chain Smoking, 70's Clothing Wearing Slot Machine Dudes- Sweet, 80 year Old Waitress's with Glossy Stripper HairMy fiance and I spent most of the night playing "FIREBALL" here on the Slots. Our favorite game of the weekend. We won $100 and I swear... that sweet 80 year Old Waitress was our good luck charm.I'm on to you Binion's... you have a little 4'5 angel working on the floor.Thanks Darla'   ;-)
4	Back in the 80s this was the place to play craps. You could go to any of the tables and see any number of sharpshooters making throws that would beat the odds. I cannot count myself as one of those except some soul one time saw the dice being given to me and decided to place a 3-4 inch stack of green chips on the hard 6 and 8 it looked like a skyscraper out there on the table. Suffice it to say I hit the hardways three times on that roll and in the end they were paying this guy in yellow chips I still don't know why this guy. Would take a chance like that, by the way I never made my point and he tipped me about $100 during the roll i remember him shouting some green for the shooter.
4	Casino only review:I needed to waste some time between shows last night, so I stopped at Binion's for a little video poker.  It was a successful effort as I didn't lose my shirt nor anything else.While the place could certainly use some upgrading, I find that Binion's is more than just an OK place.  Cocktail service has always been fast.  I also have learned where to play so that I have a ringside seat to watch the sexy cowgirls--the dealers that Lily D talks about in her review.  The dealers wear skimpy cowgirl uniforms that give some serious views.Sometimes it's hard to concentrate on VP when you're eyeing the dealers going by.  They are attractive thangs!Because of the good eye candy at Binions, it gets an extra star to bring it to 4 stars.  The ladies have earned it!
1	I don't usually do cheap...but got talked into staying here by friends. If you like your feet to stick to the floor, holes in you rooms walls, and lots and lots of noise in your room at night from thin walls and slamming doors, this is the place for you! Never saw anyone win at slots here - actually didn't see that many people even playing slots here. However, the table games are plentiful. There is a deli that's like an old fashion dime store counter where the food is halfway decent and cheap. But they won't even charge to your room. Who does that??? This place is just seedy. It is cheap, but you get what you pay for! And dirty....soooo dirty.
4	The stars are for the burgers! Sometimes you have to wait in line but the burgers are like home made and the guy serving them is a throwback to when people had customer service and a personality. Every time I go it's for the burgers and not the gambeling. Besides they closed the hotel portion anyway.
1	Old Vegas.  You are really just a step above you're ugly cousin, Reno. But Binions...oh, Binions...You are kind of like Ballys' skanky auntie.  You know, the one no one talks about since she came out of rehab.  The one who likes to wear all that flashy gold jewelry with open toe shoes and you know she hasn't had a pedicure in a few years.  THAT auntie.    I sat in silence as I watched El Hub and friends play craps.  Of course this was after the picture taking adventure with the Mr. T little person standing outside.   I proceeded to observe two older ladies with matching fanny packs try their luck on the "QUEEN: FREDDY MERCURY" slot machine.  How many times can you hear "Another One Bites the Dust" over and over?  I wasn't willing to find out.  Not really a breath of fresh air from Fremont St.
4	The thing I love about Binion's is the cheap tables and how nice and willing the dealers are to teach you how to play, as opposed to a bigger casino on the Strip (like at Paris..you better know what you're doing there). Anyways, I highly recommend experiencing downtown in general and definitely stop at Binion's for some old fashioned gambling! And try their steakhouse with one of the best views in Vegas.
4	legit!
5	Oh how I do love thee Binion's.  It's one of the last great old school casinos left, the dealers here are the best and always willing to help you learn a thing or two about the game.  It's cheap to buy in and easy to spend a few hours letting it ride on some of the best gambling in Vegas.  The decor is straightforward and old school flashing lights really make it feel like Vegas, there are a lot of neutral colors and the emphasis and your attention will be firmly focused on gambling.  Great customer service and the best table games around.  The location is a lot of fun and not all touristy like the strip, this place is where the gamblers go to remember the beauty of Vegas before it went to pure tourism.  I love this place and feel it's one of the best Casinos in existence.  I will always continually support this place and hope more people will give it a chance.
3	Just got back from Vegas where I visited Binion's, and the casino is better lit and actually updated and much cleaner from my last trip here (feet didn't stick to the floor). They've closed the hotel, so I guess their concentrating on the casino. People were playing here and having fun. They'll take your photo in front of $1 million and give you as many copies (5x7) as you have people in the group. That was really cool. The deli is still there but prices have gone up so it's not the great deal it used to be. Didn't eat there so I can't review it. But all in all, this is an upgraded version and I've given it more stars. Keep up the good work:)
4	I hadn't given this casino a fair chance until my last trip. My fiance and I heard they had started a bingo hall and decided to go check it out. We had a really good time. They had a cocktail waitress serving drinks to everyone and she was fast! FYI they have really good pina coladas :)We'll be taking another trip to Vegas next month and Binion's is definitely on our list of places to visit again!
2	Once upon a time, this place was the mecca for gamblers downtown....that was until Jack Binion gave it to his sister Becky.  Since then, it's been run down, closed, sold to Harrah's, the World Series of Poker moved to the Rio, and sold to another owner.....it's a shell of it's former self.  No longer is it worth the trip to see it.  Sad.Return Factor - 10%
4	Most of the reviews of this place - good and awful - are accurate. Binion's IS Downtown Vegas. You either revel in it or think it's yucky. Count me as a reveler.
3	So lightfully tacky it's awesome! On the outside that is. The inside however is crowded and cramped and very smoky. BUT the $3 well drinks made it a better experience.
4	Looking for a gooood burger?  The Binion's Cafe has a nice one for $4.95.  Grilled to perfection.  It is a pre formed style patty but the fresh lettuce and tomato with sweet pickles make a nice combo on a freshly toasted bun perfect.If you want fries with it, you have to pony up an extra $1.25 but worth it!  It is like stepping back in time.  "Old Vegas" lives at Binion's!
5	Want cheap loose slots come here to Binions. And take a picture with 1 milion dollars cool., I won here and love the old school non trendy atmoshphere. I have a new place to gamble. BINIONS
1	Thought it was going to be so cool to stay in old Vegas. I was excited & it was soooo cheap.Ugh.The room itself was okay.The air conditioning as loud, but barely worked. There is no Internet capability.Those are two deal breakers for me. I'll never be staying there again.On the flip side, however, gambling there is fun - the atmosphere in old Vegas is definitely lax & exciting. Lots going on & many casinos to jump around to.
3	This casino wasn't one of my favorites. But I can assure you that it was my favorite casino downtown aside from the Golden Nugget. It was nice walking in this casino, felt very comfortable. I didn't have much luck gambling here, but I never do at any casino in Las Vegas so I didn't expect much here. All in all I wouldn't complain. They have a nice little cafe that I've heard was good, but never had a chance to try it out.I can't rate other than it's appearance inside because I haven't roomed here. Just came here to hang out and play a few hands of paigow. It's not a big casino, but it is bigger than most on this street. I won't lie, if I do room anywhere off the strip, this would probably one of my top placed I would want to stay at. One other cool thing is that you can take a picture with 1million dollars. Probably the only place in Las Vegas you can do this. You can check out the pictures to see what I'm talking about.
4	This review is for the casino at Binions as I didn't stay in the hotel. My fiance and I decided to check out downtown Vegas. I had never been to old Vegas and I am a geek for history and dorky useless facts like seeing the first hotel in Vegas that had carpet installed which is Binions Horseshoe which is now called Binions. We came inside and it is what one expects. It is a gritty old casino that had seen better days. All the dealers are female and all wear cheesy cowboys hats with tight tank tops, little shorts, and cowboy boots. Imagine if Hooters went western. I couldn't believe my eyes when I caught a single deck 5 dollar blackjack table. My fiance and I sat down and played for roughly and hour and a half and had a ball. The dealers were all actually good looking ladies with great personalities. We had a great table with this nice guy in his fifties sitting next to me. He said that he makes the trip to Vegas every year and although he stays on the strip he only gambles in downtown Vegas. Drinks were free while gambling so we basically were entertained by a funny dealer, had free whiskeys, and talked it up with interesting people at the table. Gambling on the strip is a nightmare. 20 dollar minimum bets guarantees you a very short night of gambling unless you have a major budget. Black jack on the strip is also usually you against multiple decks. Not very fun. I rate this a four because not because it is a posh place but because it delivers on what it promises. Affordable and fun gambling with fun people and free drinks. Sounds like a nice combo to me.
3	I REALLY wanted to hold off on writing this review.  I actually do like this place, but its current state, however much I actually do like and frequent this casino....  Someone needs to give this place some TLC.The interior is kind of fun, it's like you're going into one of those Old West saloons where the piano guy and sarsaparilla should be slung around, though I doubt the Old West had the aforementioned "sexy cowgirls" dealing out cards like that.  But I seriously doubt that they're going for historical accuracy here.  The staff as a whole, however, has always been very nice and helpful."It doesn't sound bad so far", you say, so what gives?With the downturn in economy, they've shut down a LOT of areas in the casino.  For the longest time, it was all of the rooms (which were small, but not bad, and a comfortable bed).  What hasn't come back, however, is their excellent Coffee Shop that shut down in 2009, where the food was consistently excellent with a familiar and top-notch staff, and even the casino's gift shop is gone.  They had a generic T-shirt shop over by the Coffee House that always looked like it was going out of business for years, but now it's taken over the other side of the casino, replacing the gift shop and the original check-in area.  It looks like they've turned a casino cashier cage into the new check-in place, and it just looks ghetto.And there lies the problem with Binion's.  It doesn't look run down.  It's just that when you move past the main gambling floor that it starts looking closed down.  I understand self-preservation to stay open at all, but the place is always looking busy with gambling.  Certainly some of that revenue can help to restore some of that shine on the old girl.I really hope things get better for this casino.  It's got old-style charm, a great location, and a lot of history going for it.  It deserves better.  It deserves to be restored.  If they can work on fixing up the Plaza, then it's time that Binion's owners take a note and do the same.
5	I love Binions!  They welcome our rowdy poker group every year and a unbelieveably nice, accommodating, professional and fun.  Okay, so the casino carpet has seen better days and I was allergic to the poker table (I sneezed all afternoon!) but it's such a warm and friendly place it's hard not to love it.
1	This review is ONLY for the Rooftop pool!!  I want to be CLEAR that I have no issues with the casino floor or hotel portion!  On Saturday Sept 3rd, a group of us went to check out the rooftop pool and bar after the Howard Jones concert.  We all had VIP passes and the rooftop pool/bar put out an invite on Facebook that everyone with a VIP pass would receive their first drink free-so of course the group went to check it out!  First of all, it's a nightmare to figure out the best way to get UP to the rooftop..we had to take 2 different elevators and only one friggin elevator was working to begin with!!  Now this isn't that big of a deal, but when you dangle the promise of a free drink in front of a crap-ton of people, maybe more elevators should be in working order?  We finally made it up there-all of us in a great mood with smiles on our faces and ready to party!  I walked up to the bar, which had 2 men behind it.  I attempted to verify with the closest one (who appears to be a manager based off the difference in uniforms) that they are in fact offering a free drink if you show your VIP pass (cause I wouldn't want to assume!)  He shrugs and says he's pretty sure, but that the bartender will help us out.  He wasn't RUDE, but he wasn't inviting/warm/hospitable.  So I asked the bartender the same question (even though he heard me ask the other guy and could have FAKED some customer service by ANSWERING with a simple YES or NO) and he says "Yes" in an extremely irritated tone of voice.  I then proceeded to order my drink (a vodka redbull).  He made sure to correct me that it isn't Redbull, but Monster energy drink that they have, to which I verbally stated "That's fine, I'll take that", but he just kind of stands there.  I stare at him, confused..he then tells me to "Order here" and points to a spot that is right in front of him and 2 feet to my left.  I stepped to the left, and wait patiently for the drink I thought I had already ordered to be made.  He looks at my group like we're a bunch of idiots and loudly asks "Okay?!  Well?  What do you guys want?"  I did a double take while my best friend orders a beer, figuring that would be an easy thing to get started on since apparently this is the most difficult task the bartender has ever encountered.  Best friend gets her beer (without being charged mind you), so then I ask (again) for a vodka redbull.  Obviously that's my bad since he had already corrected me that it's MONSTER, not Red Bull.  I chuckled (still trying to salvage this entire experience) and say "Oh sorry, ok yes.  I will take a Vodka Monster."  He sighs and makes the drink.  Puts it down to the right of me (where I moved FROM when he originally asked me to move in front of him), so I pick it up and move out of the way.  He points at the drink and says "That will be $8.50."  I stare at him, thoroughly confused and ask why I'm being charged for what was supposed to be a free drink given I have the VIP pass that I ASKED HIM ABOUT NOT 5 MINUTES EARLIER.  He shakes his head irritatedly as if this is the first time I'm dropping this info on him and says "Well fine, it's $3.50 then for the Monster."  Without missing a beat I say, "Okay, then I'll take a vodka cranberry instead."  He shakes his head and says he already poured the drink and that it must be paid for.  I calmly inform him that he should have informed me that extra charge prior to making the drink since he knew we all had VIP passes and that was HOW we were procuring our drinks.  He still insisted that it must be paid for.  We went back and forth another 2 times-neither of us giving up any headway.  Meanwhile, the manager looking fellow is just watching.  Not stepping in, not mediating, nothing..Luckily for everyone involved, another patron not with my group jumps in and says that he'll pay for the drink since it's what he wanted anyhow and the bartender actually shook his head NO!!  At that point I exclaimed loudly "Oh PERFECT!  Here you go sir", and I handed the drink to him and he pulled his cash out and proceeded to get rung up by the manager guy.  I then turned back to the bartender and asked for a vodka cranberry and the bartender begrudgingly made it.  The rest of my group ordered their drinks..and put AWAY the cash we had taken out for tip.  The manager then pulled out a hole punch and reached for my VIP pass-luckily I pulled it out of his reach or something that *I* consider to be memorabilia would have been ruined.  I told him not to worry, that we were taking our business elsewhere so he didn't need to deface our property.  He nodded dismissively and we all walked away. I apologize for how long this review is, but I felt it was important to highlight how the bartender passed up multiple opportunities to provide good service (not even excellent or great service..just good service).
4	Love the old Vegas style Casinos, espeically this one.  Not too huge, great single deck blackjack, and located downtown Vegas! What more can I ask for.  I have never stayed here, but always enjoyed visiting and gambling.
5	Where my momma works...
2	This place is soooo Ghetto! The only reason I came here was because this Cigar lounge was inside this casino which ended up being a bust as well. This casino looks so dilapidated, dirty and dingy.
2	I went to Binion's the other day to eat with my family. I had not been there in years. Like 20 years. It seemed like half of the casino was shut down. There were a bunch of cheap shirts for sale in the back lobby. It was kind of sad. It did not look like Binion's is doing well.
3	The hubby likes to stay in Old Town and the rooms are super cheap. I have always stayed on the Strip. I went to go to a concert, he went to play poker. I didn't object. The less we pay for  room, the more we can spend on drinks, gambling and food and entertainment. We checked in and found that our room was right by the elevator. And it was a handicap room. Hmm. The shower had no tub but it did have a folding table to sit down on. We didn't use it. However, we did use the shower and on our second night there, it flooded. Water backed up and headed towards the carpet of our room!We called building maintenance and the older gentleman that came by to so-called repair the damage was quite acusatory. I understand that young kids come to this town and do dumb stuff but this was not purposely done. Anyways, we ended up getting another room and this time to a so-called suite with a king size bed and at a higher floor. We were happy with that. Too bad it was only for one night.Drinks were definitely available on the floor while gambling. I actually hit a royal flush on a machine there while the hubby was playing at a table with the big boys. If only I wasn't such a cheap skate. With my winnings, I left Vegas with a grey Bebe coat that was half off. Thanks, Binions!
3	This is one of the more upscale properties in Downtown Las Vegas, which is akin to being the finest deli in North Dakota. That being said if you want over the top glitz and glamour go to the strip, but if you are in the mood to kick it old school, come downtown. A couple of great features at Binion's; a free pull on a slot machine that gets you a page of coupons, use them! Get your picture taken with one million dollars for free! A hot dog condiment bar that boast over 30 items!  Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Free picture with a million bucks, free slot play.  I love downtown.
4	Old and tacky, as downtown should be. Free slot play is incredibly entertaining, although I doubt anyone ever wins anything.
5	A tourist's dream hotel! Sign up for their players club and get a picture worth a million bucks and a keychain! Situated on Freemont Street, this place is worth stumbling into... You'll find cheap eats and gaming options on every corner at Binion's.  Check out this iconic Hotel and casino.
5	This is one of the oldest casinos in Las Vegas. The Killers' drummer Ronnie Vannucci invited a Rolling Stone journalist here to grab lunch at the Snack Bar in the casino. Ronnie said, "I like this place because it's real old school. My parents have been coming here forever. I just had a grilled cheese and corn bread for $3.75. That's a reasonable price, man." He also led the writer through a hidden staircase and random doors that led to a very secret poker room, where he said, "For true poker players, this is still the place." Think you can find it? More info: http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
3	Old school Fremont St , free picture with the Million dollars is worth a few minutes of your time . I took off and returned later at night to pick mine up during the light show intermission .They have some new slot machines and good table gaming .
2	Binion's really isn't a casino of choice for me.  I've never stayed here and rarely even drop a single coin here.  The casino is small, old, and can use a makeover. Still a staple in downtown Las Vegas.  Also known as the birth place of the World Series of Poker where the legends of the game once grinded out a living.  I probably walk inside Binion's at least once a month, but usually just to get to the Golden Nugget.  Not a bad short cut from the Main Street Parking to the Fremont Street Experience.  Overall, I give this place only 2 stars because there's not much here. I don't play here, eat here, or even stay here.
2	Get your picture taken with the Million Dollars! It's free. Otherwise run while you can... This place is in dire need of a renovation.
5	POKER, POKER... POKER!!!I've stayed at the Hotel here before and it was 2.5 or 3 stars at best. The property is now owned by the same owners as the 4 Queens where I love to stay which is where I just stayed for 3 nights. Binions hotel portion has been closed for over a year for renovation, but the casino has remained opened. They have Zero Rake at their $2/4 Limit Hold'em poker tables 9am to noon. Not sure if that includes weekends. I wanted to play at Binions just cause it's sorta a tradition for me... playing where all the legends of poker used to play. I've had the pleasure to meet many of them... Doyle, Hellmuth, Ferguson, Chan and more... So on my last day of my Vegas trip, sat down at the $2/4 Limit cash game (the only game going at the time) and after a few minutes of play, I win a pot with quad fives... JACKPOT! Yup... I won over $1,500 for the high hand jackpot... Luv you more Binions!No smoking allowed in the poker room. Free drinks while playing poker. A decent mix of regulars and tourists provide a lively game.The hotel is being renovated so it should open sometime in 2013... In the meantime, if you like to find a low limit cash game or a $1/2 NL Texas Hold'em cash game... this is not a bad place to spend your time.If you are looking to party, spend a lot of bucks on bottle service, VIP treatment and party with the beautiful people... look elsewhere... but if you are looking for an inexpensive casino to play some poker... I highly recommend you go to Binions at least once. I like to stay at the 4 Queens and play poker here at Binions and at the Golden Nugget if you want to know. They are all within a block of each other, as opposed to staying on the strip where it is a loooong walk just going to a casino next door to the one you are leaving...
4	Stayed next door at Four Queens for New Years - and my boyfriend and I ended up spending a LOT of time in Binions.  The BlackJack tables were cheap ($5 minimum), which we were happy with. They are frequently changing price - so keep an eye out for what you want!  A couple of the dealers were SO MUCH FUN, and had great personalities. Others, didn't talk. This seemed to make or break our experience each time.  Look for Candy, she was a HOOT! Kept us playing longer than we were planning, just because she made it so fun.
4	good place to gamble at. make sure to at least bet 5 credits on the nickel or penny machines. anything lower they will not give you free alcahol
4	Large amount of slots, excellent cocktail service with very pleasant, fast and accommodating cocktail servers, loose slots made for a lot of fun. Earn points, easy to earn comps, staff very friendly and the atmosphere is fun. Great Cafe, Chicken Fried Steak is excellent with great service. Only minus is bathrooms really foul smelling.
3	Still a favorite in downtown Vegas, the cafe is still open 24 hours and serves up fried everything! We did jalapenos bottle caps and deep fried South Western egg rolls. Fast excellent cafe junk food. Saw the burgers and nachos go by and they both looked great as well. The casino is still hanging on to its heritage but sad to see they are limiting the cheap craps tables now, hard to find a 3$ game.
5	The casino is terrible, old and smelly.What is great is the free Million Dollar picture and the free parking with validation.they will not ask you to buy or sign anything. Just park your car at Binions, go for your picture and validate your parking ticket.
3	Visiting Binion's is like visiting your grandma in a nursing home.  You don't really want to go, because it's depressing, but you know, it's your grandma, so you really want to.My husband and I are HUGE fans of Vegas lore.  We cried bitter tears the day the Sands was torn down, and our heart aches a little whenever one of the "original' casinos are torn down to make way for the new mega-resort plexes.For those of you who aren't Vegas-obsessed, Binion's was once the shiznit of gambling in Vegas (it was known as the "Horseshoe" back then).  Unlike other casinos in the 50's, it didn't focus on shows or acts, and they didn't have a high-roller section...it was truly a casino that focused on the gambler.  It had the first "$1M" display on the floor, and it hosted the World Series of Poker back in the day.  The stories behind Binion's - the drama, the legends, and the tragedies can fill an entire book (and have).So of course, we had to make a pilgrimage to Binion's. And like I said, it was like visiting your grandmother in the nursing home.  It was run-down and depressing, yet there were moments and glimmers of what she must have been like, back in the day.  Most of the sparkle and wit is gone, but you can tell that it was once there.
1	I'm a craps player, and I learned how to play in this casino 26 years ago.  It was a craps Mecca in its not too recent past.  But no more.  The box men sweat the dice and the rollers who happen to have a good run of luck.  The young ladies dealing are certainly friendly, but the box staff make up for that in a negative way.  My advice is go play at another casino mere steps away, where they actually are happy to see your action.
4	Binion's is showing its age and really needs an overhaul.  But, the dealers and pit bosses when I played were great.  Most dealers in Vegas are friendly and like to chat, but most pit bosses are too busy to do so unless you are a big player.  At Binion's the pit bosses would stop by, chat, call you by name.  One even gave me a high five when I hit a black jack.  It didn't matter that I was only playing $5 a hand.  That's the type of fun I am looking for.  Hope they can bring this place back.
4	I love Binion's. I come here to play craps and to be around genuine people. The staff are genuinely friendly. They don't  put on that have a nice day phony bull$hit. I love the free picture, the location, and the steak house. Had a delicious rib eye and a stellar vodka gimlet . I remember Binion's for their late night steaks and they never disappoint.  I like the Elvis display and the classic cars. It is true it is shabby, but it is an asset because it is not pretentious.  This is a diamond in the rough.
2	Parked in their parking garage, didn't think our SUV was going to fit, but magically it did.Went up to the top, come to find out that the elevator doesn't go to the top.  Parked the vehicle, go down to the street level, and find the validation machine so we can walk around the "Freemont Experience" for a couple of hours.Casino is old, stale, and just...weird.I appreciate the 3 free hours, but sheesh, the casino needs a makeover ASAP.
4	Stopped in here on a recent trip to Vegas, and was very happy with my visit.  The staff was incredibly friendly, I had a few coupons and a bunch of match play which I used with no problems, and their football night deals at the bar are great.  The blackjack was a decent game, the single deck paid 6:5 (AVOID!) but the multi-deck games were just fine, won about 100 bucks and had a great time doing it.  I liked the old school decor, and would come here to gamble again in a heartbeat.
1	Time to update my review.  This place has continued it's downward spiral.  It hasn't improved one bit since my last review.  It's actually gotten worse.  It's dirty, smoky, and the people who hang out here are sketchy. We dropped in for a drink to check out the place on our last trip to Vegas and we could barely stay long enough to finish it.I have fond memories of the old Horseshoe.  It used to be the place to gamble downtown.  Now, it's become one of the worst places downtown.  Benny Binion has to be rolling over in his grave right now.Return Factor - 2%
1	Worst place ever the casino smells they have a ridiculous parking garage with 20 minute wait just to exit really awful place don't care about customers just making money employees clearly not happy
1	I will never go back. I planned a party of 25 people. I went to reserve some space in the sports. I was told I can not reserve the tables, it is pure first come first serve. I showed up within60 minutes of it opening to find the entire sports bar reserved. Now I am trying to find a place to have a party in less than two hours. Extreme poor customer service
5	The Binion's Horseshoe is a legendary Casino/Hotel from "Old Vegas".
4	Typical fremont casino. Liked bennys bull pen and still want to try the steakhouse. My bf likes to gamble here.
5	I fell in love with Binion's after hearing stories of my parents' debauchery in the 70s and 80s.  Last year, my husband and I stopped to have breakfast at the cafe and were so happy with our nominal charge and solid diner-style fare.  This trip to Vegas took us to Binion's 4 times.  Pastrami sandwich at the deli?  Luscious.  Seriously.  We also had breakfast 3 times at the cafe.  Steve at the counter is gracious, efficient, and genuine... After walking by all of the flash-in-the-pan joints on the Strip, this place is my go-to for a $10 or less meal.  The casino itself is classic downtown--wood, mirrors, chrome.  They've done some updates as of the past few months.  Rather than blowing your time and money at a Strip property, spend some time downtown and see what real Vegas was and is like.
4	How can you not like this place. Old school and most of all old fashion. The place looks just like it did 25 years ago when I first played here. The hotel sucks, the restaurants are not good but the gambling is great.
3	I'm a big fan of some of the old school properties in Vegas when it come to a change up over the glitz and glamour of new school properties.. Binion's is that kind of property that is dated, it's smokey, it's cheap, it's seen it's days but you can't beat it up to much the gambling is good, the staff seemed nice etc.. I liked it for the little short time I was there..
3	This place is truly old school, and in Vegas that's a rarity. Picture wood and brass decor inside and amazing neon outside. You've gotta appreciate it. It gets so boring walking through all the brand new cookie cutter hotels. They all look the same and have absolutely no character whatsoever. Binion's also seems to have a lot of staff with character. They were friendly to me this time, however, last time I played there the 90 year old cocktail waitress refused to serve me a drink cuz she hadn't seen me play the machine I had just put $20 in. It's okay though, cuz where else in Vegas does an old granny wearing a button up plaid shirt and high waisted jeans yell at you?
4	Awesome hotel downtown, little drama to none when it comes to their parking and their staff is pretty cool and courteous, I have enjoyed my time here plenty and I also love being able to go to container park and know that my vehicle will be in good condition when I come back.It is almost in the middle of the three stages throughout the downtown strip. You get to go from one stage to the next to the next and then to the zip line. I have to say that I will make sure this is where I go and park anytime I go downtown. Unlike the station's parking lot right down the way which is a hassle to park there and never has enough change to support a 100 bill. Go to Binion's parking instead and get your day started right when you travel downtown Las Vegas.
1	All I have to say is this. They better go back to the free parking with validation of your parking ticket. Today it was real bad the way they wouldn't validate your parking ticket unless you were gambling or eating at the restaurant. All we saw was a lot if pissed off people including me because you had to play their slots for an hour while waiting for the guy to come around and validate the ticket. The only nice one was the Pit Boss who we complained to. One good thing is we won $17 on one slot pull.
1	Free with validation! This used to be my starting point for my downtown shenanigans. No more. Brought family here from out of town to do some gambling. Played the slots but lady luck wasn't on our side. We cashed out our vouchers at the cashier cage and gave my ticket for validation. He hands it back and says he can't do it. So per his instructions we go look for a slot attendant and there's no one in sight so I ask a pit boss. All we got were rude "I can't do it" attitudes. In a town so reliant on customer service Binion's needs to change they're attitudes because nothing else is drawing people back to this outdated casino.
5	Old School, Very Cool!  Best casino in Vegas, loved it. Cowgirls were great, blackjack was fun because the dealers were enjoying themselves and made us feel welcome. The sport fishing slots were a blast. My wife and I had a great time & we visited Vato's Cigar shop at the back of the gaming room for some smokes. Vato's house blends were great, especially the Cuban Blend. We will definitely be back to Binion's!
1	I used to love this place, but NO MORE!  The parking validation is only good if you play with your card for more than 30 minutes.  They claim too many people were taking advantage of their free parking and that they weren't playing in their casino.  Maybe because you never win anything in there.  The most I've ever won there is about $50.  The workers there are VERY SURLY and not helpful at all.  And the coffee shop/cafe, is disgusting.  The servers are rude.  The last time I ate there, the waitress had her thumb in my hash browns.  I need to go burn my comps, but after that I am totally done with this dump.
1	This place is just a dump.  There is no hotel and one lousy restaurant.   I went there today and gambled for about a half hour and walked around downtown I don't have a Players Club card because they have no hotel and one restaurant so why bother? There are no comps!   They no longer validate parking it's based on your amount of play so on top of the money I gambled I also had to pay $6 in parking...   you are not going to win anything on Fremont Street so you're better off to lose your money in a nice hotel like the Golden Nugget not some casino of years gone by. Not to mention how bad the smoke is in there.. It's just disgusting!
4	Binions and Four Queens are my fav places to gamble. I love the downtown scene everything u need is right here in walking distance, once i park my car i dont have to get in it again until its time to go home. The waitresses here are very fast when it comes to getting u your drinks while your gambling, their rum punch is great. Ive won a good amount of money here. Downtown definately has the loosest slots.
5	Bobby the bartender is absolutely amazing!  Go there and check him out, he knows his stuff! If you are ever down on a Tuesday visit him!
1	This place is a dump nowadays, back in the day it was a historical place and held the WSOP and whatnot. It's still pretty cool to check it out to see where Doyle and Chip Reese used to play. The guys who do the parking verification can be a-holes. They gave me a hard time and told me that they needed to verify that I played on their machines first before they could stamp me. 2 minutes later he rolls his eyes and stamps my parking pass. How the heck are you going to verify that I parked here anyway? You gonna go through the security cameras and see if I actually played? Stupid.
2	This is just for the casino. It's super old school decor and smokey environment is a turn off. Lots of super fakey machines with popular character themes but the games make no sense. High min bet tables. Dislike the floor layout. Great location. Closeby parking garage but inefficient traffic flow. Gross slow elevators to paring garage. I don't really like it here but it was a good way to reach Fremont street. The dealer girls wear cute skimpy outfits but the drink waitresses are less attractive and poorly uniformed (old/ugly fashion). Weird vibe overall. Not sure what they are going for.
2	This is just for the casino. It's super, super old and pretty run down. Almost impossible to get a drink from a cocktail server as you never see any. I like it in respect that it has history, but times change and this looks like everything was possibly the same back in the early 70's. Possibly the slowest elevator ever in the parking garage! Lol.
4	Do yourself a favor and when you arrive on the strip, stop at the bar right outside of Binons for the most generous beverage you'll ever get. I paid $16 for a pretty big drink and the bartender measured one shot and then just kept pouring right out of the bottle. Well worth the price and I got a cool plastic cup to bring home and put on my bar.This particular casino is quite smokey but we did find one of my favourite slot machines, Slingo, in here, near the back. That in itself would warrant 4 stars since they've removed the Slingo from my local casinos a few years back.
1	I really wish I could leave a review with negative stars. Went here because we had some "free slot play" from a timeshare we attended. The slot play was on specific machines that you had no chance of winning any money on. Instead you "won" a free picture with a stack of a million dollars. This review isn't about that. Moving on. The parking garage is tiny. NO FREE PARKING. The validation is a joke. The staff is rude. Period. They must all be miserable. Asked someone to validate our parking pass because we actually did gamble real money. We were told to find a slot attendant. We passed by someone and I politely said, "Excuse me?" As to get her attention. She kept walking, if not faster, avoiding me. I yelled after her, "Pardon me?!?!" She turned around and looked annoyed. I asked her to validate my parking ticket. She said I had to be actively gambling. Pointed to the machine I had been sitting at WITH THE SERVICE LIGHT ON THAT SHE JUST HAPPENED TO MISS, and she still gave me a hard time. Again, the staff has to be really miserable. No one was happy to be there. We will NEVER return! Even if they offer us a photo with a million dollars!
2	Snooze Fest Zzzzzzz!  Cocktail Waitresses on the much older side...I prefer eye candy hot gals.  But great service!   Just killing time before work with friends....ran into Santa...see photo!!! Lol!!!
4	We decided to go downtown to play blackjack since the minimums are $25At the strip casinos. I was going to teach my daughter to play 21, so this was the spot, $5 minimum tables with single decks, awesome!Don't expect any fancy drinks or designer water here, it's the basics.Love the old school feeling on Fremont street, brings thought of the whole "rat pack" days.
2	Casino only review.  For the most part, the casino workers seemed over worked and grumpy.  I sat at a table playing blackjack with several friends and the pit boss (Terry) was very unhelpful and impatient.  It took over 30 minutes to get a player's card. The dealers didn't seem to care whether she helped me or not.The real trouble here was after I bet $100 on a hand of blackjack I asked to be paid in 1 black $100 chip, and the dealer said he couldn't do that.  I told him it was my money, and I can request how to be paid and he said no and paid in green. When I got my pay, I told him I would like to 'color up' for a black and it took at least 5 minutes for the pit boss to come and approve a black chip, holding up the entire table.  I decided that was it and then colored the rest of my $300, which I'm sure they would have gotten back in tips and play if they hadn't been so rude.
3	This rating is for the one million dollar display, one free 5 X 7 photos per person per day with one million dollars!  Of course the money is encased in plastic on a table.  But it's free and fun if you happen to be in the neighborhood!  I call it a cheap thrill and free fun thing to do Downtown Las Vegas besides the Fremont Light Show.
2	Maybe its been some time but I thought the parking was free here. I was disappointed to see it was $2 an hour but was already pulling in and saw that validation was available if you gambled, ate, or bought something there. My mother and I came down to Fremont Street to see the menorah and walk around. We came back to Binion's to gamble some. I figured I could get validated from the cashiers after showing my cash out slip but that was not the case. We then were told to buy a drink, or food, or find someone walking around who works in the slot area. We went to a restaurant and the waitress was completely rude and would not stamp the ticket. Then I finally tracked someone down and was questioned what slots I played. Seriously not worth the trouble! Just park and play somewhere else. Nobody is helpful and the validation stamp is like gold there. Please!
4	This is by far my #1 favorite place in Las Vegas. I can't tell if it's because It's a super small casino or if it the Fried Twinkies and Oreos or that this is one of the last casino's that still gives real money vs. tickets!   I make it a goal to stop here every trip and have never been disappointed. I can see how others may dislike it but this is my home when I visit Vegas. I play the Pennies and nickle slots until my eyes cross and I stuff myself to the brim with corn dogs, Twinkies and oreos.
