5	Last night we went to that TQLA opening night dinner in Mesa.  We both enjoy the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant.We started with 2 margaritas that were fantastic!  I had the Blood Orange margarita and my wife had the TQLA house margarita.  Both had sweet flavor and a good kick!  The chips were fresh and we enjoyed both salsas.  The Green is a tomatillo with a sweet (almost pineapple) and no kick.  The Red is also sweet, but it does have a nice bite to it.Since it was a opening party the menu was limited; however, we were very satisfied with the choices we had.For appetizer we had the Tres Amigos.  This had three choices for your chips.  A nice healthy portion of guacamole, a quest blanco and a habanero salsa.  All three were very good.  The Habanero had a sweetness to it and a little kick.  Not bad though.  It is more of a sauce than a salsa.For dinner I had the Carnitas Soft Taco plate.  The meat was moist and the caramelized onions and the crema were good addition.My wife had the Carne Asada plate and we both agree that this was the best Carne Asada we can remember in a restaurant!  A good portion with a fantastic marinade!  The steak was not chewy or dry and was grilled perfectly.We both enjoyed the "Green Rice" which was a cilantro rice and the black beans were a good touch compared to the traditional refried.My only small complaint was they drizzled the rice and beans with a sour cream.  I do not care much for sour cream.  I wish they would have asked.  My wife likes it, jso she had no issue.Overall, it was a very good experience!  I wish TQLA success in the Valley!  This TX concept could open a few more throughout the Valley and do well!
5	Went to TQLA last night and had an incredible experience. We were greeted by the Assistant Managed Brad instantaneously and he offered to bring us our drinks. Very pleasant, upbeat, and personable manager. I had the Blood Orange Margarita and she had the skinny. Both were incredible. I ordered the Baja Ceviche which was one of the best flavored ceviche's I have ever had. The pickle dipped in chile powder was an excellent addition. She ordered the chicken enchiladas which were also top notch. We each tried out the house margarita and they were excellent for being "house" margaritas. Finished out my meal with an ultra El Tesoro Paradiso and as always, it was over the top if you are a tequila fan. TQLA is a wonderful, eclectic atmosphere with an excellent variety of southwestern food to choose from, combo with the great staff, and you have a true winner here. Will recommend to all and be back many times in the future. Thank you Brad for making it such a great first experience for us!
4	TQLA welcome to the Valley; glad you are in the SE Valley.   I went there today; much to my delight it  is a great place.   Had their TQLA Combo lunch @ $9.95.  Great tasting food.   Their chips and salsa [both dark & light green] are wonderful.  Bet you can not eat just one chip.    Also had their Flan; out of this world.       I will be going back.    Great to have this caliber of restaurant in the area.   A great addition.    It is a winner and looking forward to my next visit.   Have been back several times since my first visit.   Have not been disappointed with their service or food.   Especially like their salsa's.  Hush puppies and their desserts are fabulous.
2	Living across the street from this restaurant we have been anticipating the opening for quite sometime. I really really wanted to like this place but honestly I probably will never go back at least not for the food. There are 2 choices of salsa neither very flavorful. We ended up having to add a lot of salt to the fire roasted red salsa to get any flavor, the green was just sweet. I order a bloody Mary which was a big mistake, probably the worst I ever had. This place had only been open a week, so I wont criticize the wait staff too much but it was one disaster after another. We order the guacamole for our appetizer but did not receive it  until after our meal. My meal which was the carne asda was decent however, I couldn't eat it because it was cooked medium rare after I requested for it to be medium well. Our waitress consistently reassured us it "was not her fault" and played the blame game on the kitchen which was a little awkward as we were not complaining just wanted our food. The manager came over and we gave him some feedback. He was very pleasant and understanding, he offered to get me something different since the meat was undercooked. I declined and he took the charge off of our bill instead. I think this place has potential, and only being open a week there is a lot of kinks to work out. Unfortunately besides the guacamole I was pretty disappointed in the food.
5	I was real happy to see something going into that building and I am so excited it is TQLA.  The place was busy, but we were seated right away.  The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable.  Come to find out she is studying hospitality management.  They have 2 kinds of salsa to go with the chips.  One tomatillo with pineapple which was too hot for us.  The red roasted one was hot but not too much so.We had to wait a bit for our appetizer, but no big deal as this was their first Saturday service.  We had the nachos for appetizers.  They are served tostada style and were fresh and flavorful.  For our meal we had steak fajitas for 2.  Good cut of meat and cooked to a medium / medium well.  Served with black beans, pico, guac, queso fresco, lettuce and a corn rice.  We chose the corn tortillas and they had a sweet flavor to them.Well after all that good food, the waitress came around with dessert suggestions.  We chose the 4 Leche cake with a marshmallow meringue.  OMG!  So decadent.   We defiantly will be back!
5	I liked it, got the enchiladas and tacos and I would go back.
3	Food, really great.  Service, good. Atmosphere....great looking place, but not a really fun atmosphere.  Been here twice, Friday happy hour and a Wednesday dinner.  Friday at the bar was mildly busy, good bartenders.  Wednesday was dead, but food was great.  Great place to hit before going out to Scottsdale. Will be back, but not a sports, dance, bar type of place.  Drinks a bit pricy.  Margarita and a "specialty" drink, $18...on happy hour pricing.  A bit high....
5	Loved it! Incredible mix of flavors and definitely a welcome standout from the everyday! We had great service, decor and ambience was modern and warm, and would highly recommend the crawfish and spinach mushroom enchiladas and carnitas tacos. Yumm yum yum. Need I say more?? Also the salsas are fabulous as well. This is a new fave for sure.
5	Just ate there with my pop.  Awesome food and pretty good margs. I got the chicken quesadilla and it was phenomenal!  Highly recommend.
3	Went last week for Book Club- it was actually cool enough to sit out on the patio! Nice atmosphere, GREAT margarita. They don't skimp on the tequila! My chicken queso was a little cold, and so was another entree, but I'm chalking that up to the big group. It was tasty, but I don't know if I'd purposely go back. I like Nandos much more.
4	So far, so GOOD!  For the first experience, I have to say, very good. I will return! The tomatillo salsa, a little too limey, but the roasted red pepper salsa was good. Chips were light and tasty. Waitress was so nice and attentive. Guess they've only been open for 3 weeks, but nice start. Keep up the good work!
3	I called about 5 minutes before we arrived to see how long of a wait they had. She said there was no wait (on a Friday night? Cool). So we get there, we're the only ones in the entrance and she says it would be 30 minutes. I was not happy about this, so I told her I JUST called and she said, "Oh... wait, we do have a table actually." Hmm... that was rude. The salsas were delicious; some of the best I've had -- chips were nothing special. I got the chicken quesadilla and it came out cold and soggy, and my husband got crawfish and spinach enchiladas, which he loved. I think the kitchen prepared my quesadilla ahead of time because it was under the "Appetizers" category and so it sat under the heat lamp until my husband's was done. It was cold and wet and very bland. I would not get this again. My husbands crawfish enchiladas were $14 and a very, very small portion. Two thin, under-stuffed echiladas with over-cooked rice and black beans. But he enjoyed the flavor so that was good.I would definitely give it another shot and sample their tequilas/margaritas and chow down that delicious black bean salsa and tomatillo-pineapple salsa; it's about time a restaurant isn't scared to offer some spiciness in their salsa (currently pregnant so I couldn't try the alcohol). I like the atmosphere; it's just what Gilbert/Mesa needs. It's hip and young, with cool decor.
5	I LOVE this place.  The servers are so friendly and welcoming.  Every time I sit down a big basket of chips and awesome salsas is promptly placed on the table, and refilled if desired.  The food is excellent as well. The TQLA burger is wonderfully composed. The spicy crab cake is inventive and savory. The chicken quesadilla was very well done with very tender chicken and flavorful cheeses.Their house margarita is one of the best in the valley, the fact that it is $4.50 for happy hour every day from 3-7? That is just an awesome bonus. Their super chilled shots and infused tequilas are something to be savored.  I wish they had more seats in the bar area, must have been asked about a dozen times if any seats were open at my table. I also wish the outdoor area wasn't next to a busy street. It is still a fantastic place, and I wont obsess over the little stuff. This is a must try for Gilbert.
1	My bf and I went for dinner on Saturday night.  We made it in time for Happy Hour, so we decided to try a variety of appetizers; carne asada quesadilla, crab cakes, fried oysters, ceviche and calamari.  We concluded that the only appetizer we might order again was the fried calamari.  The rest were just awful.  The crab cakes were not crispy or well-seasoned, the quesadilla was barely warm, the ceviche was extremely bland and the fried oysters tasted "not-so-fresh".  Everything tasted like it had been prepared well in advance and had been sitting under a heat lamp.  Also, not sure if we should blame the kitchen or our server, but all of the appetizers came out at once.  Two people sharing five appetizers should have clued someone in to stagger the items. The best thing going for TQLA is the decor and ambience.  The patio is a really nice feature, too.  It's too bad because we had such high hopes for this new restaurant.  However, if Saute (the previous occupant) couldn't make it serving fantastic food, TQLA, sadly, has no chance of surviving.One last thing - the booths, oddly, were the most uncomfortable we've ever sat in!
2	I came here for a friend's birthday last week and experienced the worst service I have ever received. I don't know why, but the waitress avoided our table like the plague. It took forever just to get drinks. We arrived late, after everyone else was done eating, so my friend and I just ordered a quesadilla appetizer to split. We had to ask for plates and silverware... which she forgot and then just gave us some paper cocktail napkins instead. We had also asked for a side of beans to go with the quesadilla. She basically snorted and laughed in our faces and then never brought them out. I understand if perhaps they don't serve beans a la carte (I don't know since we were never offered menus) but there was no explanation given. I have never encountered someone with such a bad attitude at a restaurant before. The other girls said she was like that the whole night. They all left her a bad tip but I think people like that don't understand that's a signal they need to do better next time; instead it just makes the chip on their shoulder get bigger.I am giving them an extra star since the food was decent and I liked they decor inside. We were out on the patio which was lovely. They had comfy lounge chairs and a fire pit. Its the type of place I would want to hang out and drink Sangria all night. I would definitely return if it weren't for our experience with this waitress. A friend who has been there before said she has had similar issues with another staff member on a separate occasion so its just not worth a return visit.
3	Crawfish and spinach enchiladas are pretty good. This is definitely a nice addition to the Gilbert scene. Service was good. I'm sure I'll be back when I'm feeling like a Tequila night.
3	Went here for a birthday party.  Server did a good job with a large party.  I ordered the original margarita.  It is served in a smaller glass as others have stated, but it was a good size for me so I didn't mind.  The drink was delicious.  I didn't order food, but from the looks of my friends plates, the portions are very small.  I'll be back for the chilled tequila shots.
4	I'm not sure why this place has received 2 and 3 stars.  Maybe it's a few disgruntled employees that left tqla.  We had one of the best tasting dinners I've experienced thus far here in Arizona.  The tamale was perfect, the salsas were toasty warm and delicious, the drinks were absolutely fantastic.  Fresh, chilled, on-tap tequila?  I never knew.  And, how many places have happy hour 7 days a week?  Looking forward to going back very soon!
4	I was visiting my niece and her finance and decided to try out TQLA and happy that we did. Our server was super friendly and out dinner was very tasty. As we left, the manager Joe thanked us for coming in and definitely looking forward to a second visit.
1	We received horrible service at the bar. Food was good
1	Sorry to say... I wanted to like this place.  Great patio and curb appeal but its a Jaguar Body with a VW Bug engine.My wife and I were sat immediately as it was a Tuesday night and not hopping.  A man showed up immediately and took our drink order and identified himself as Joe, the manager.  He quickly disappeared to never show up again.  He evidently did not let our waiter know, nor did he care that we sat without our drinks.I have to point out that our waiter was excellent but even he as tentative as he was could not save the operation from itself.  (Forgot his name but he must have been 6'8", great attitude)We sat next to the display kitchen where we watched countless dish sit at the window.  This place was NOT busy and they could not get the food out to customers in time.   Seemed as if there were at minimum three "managers" on duty and they would sit by the window, chat, while the expiditor searched for the appropriate waiter, with evident frustration.  My wife ordered the filet and I the steak tacos.  (Note:  these too sat at the window less than 10 feet from our table till I caught the expiditors eye and had him deliver these to us).Filet was acceptable... little overcooked but acceptable.  My steak taco's were a joke.  Like someone else mentioned in a review, they must think the customers are stupid.  My taco's were LOADED with iceburg lettuce and MAYBE an ounce of steak in each.  Might as well have been a vegitarian version.  Gringo flavor..... There is no excuse for this operation to be so confused still.  I believe it opened in October....  Note to TQLA....  Get it together.  You wont last long in Gilbert.  You wont survive just on the bar crowd, food MUST get better and be served hot.  Competition is coming right down the street....  and this group will eat you alive from both perspectives.   Ended with a quattro leche dessert....  No good either.  Think COLD WET BREAD......  Might have been ok had it been warmed through....
3	I came here with my Book Club and we sat on the patio. Our service was great and the drinks were delicious! I had the veggie enchiladas and loved them so much that I have been back twice to try them again! Next on the menu to try is the 5 degree tequila!
4	Visit TQLA at least once a week.   Love their salsa's.    Great  desserts.    Especially like their taco salad.     Have eaten several of their luncheon specials and found them to all be good.,       Highly recommend visiting and enjoying the food and drink.
2	My daughter and I were super excited to see a new business move into the building at Dana Park Plaza and after researching the menu online, we decided to stop in for Happy Hour to check it out.We visited on 12/13/12 and were seated very quickly as the place was very quiet and 4-5 employees were hanging out at the front desk.  The waitress took a few minutes to stop by and take our orders but was friendly.  I was disappointed that the web site shows guacamole in 2 sizes yet the menu only has one price but I figured it was worth a try since it was an "upscaled" version with pumpkin seeds and such.  It took a few minutes for the drinks and guacamole to show up and my daughter asked for sugar for her tea,which never came.  We had to finally get up after 15 minutes and ask for sugar after trying really hard to make eye contact or call a server to to the table.  Also noted, guacamole had NO pumpkin seeds either!We decided to order a chicken quesadilla which came out promptly but was not as we had hoped.  The chicken was very wet and mushy, I hate to say this, but it reminded me of cat food.  I would rather have something with some texture, maybe chunks of chicken or sliced strips?  The taste was not there, I would not order any other items after this one :(  My daughter drank her tea and then waited and waited for a refill which is not acceptable when eating spicy foods.  Again, we had to flag down another staff member to fill her tea and at this point, we asked for a manager.  The manager came out after about 10 minutes?????  It was DEAD in the place and there were TWO managers on duty and it took that long???  He listened to my issues and he took the tea off the bill but I wasn't asking for anything at all, just to look into our issues.  I told him about the menu on the website and he said others had brought this issue up as well, but they have done nothing to correct it?? ODD!?I would not recommend this establishment.  The margarita was good but other than that, it was no bueno!
5	Very good food! Great atmosphere and people. Wish we had a place like this closer to us!
4	First all I have to say is thank God TQLA is in the easy valley.... Last night was our first visit and will not be our last.  We sat in the bar (are go to spot) even though tables we available.  The bartenders were both very nice, and very helpful... Off to a great start... We were offered chips and salsa. I know what you are thinking big deal! Well yeah the chips were chips, but the 3 yes 3 salsas were incredible.  First you're more traditional roasted pepper salsa, not the typical tomato puree with some onions.  Next a favorable guacamole tomatillo, and the kicker, what they called the "good luck" salsa, black eyed pees with onion & cilantro, best salsa of the night.It was happy hour with appetizers half off, such a great deal, we chose the Baja Ceviche.  Now here is something do don't find out side of Scottsdale ... fresh seafood who would of thunk? Nice presentation with lots of seafood, my only comment maybe a little more lime..For the entree we went with the craw fish & spinach enchiladas.  Everything about this was first rate.  The black beans had flavor, not like they just rolled them out of a can, and even the rice was memorable. Next time they have an appetizer of Craw fish Hush Puppies I have to try. I would not call this place a Mexican restaurant, more of a Southwest fusion of three types of cuisine.  I would call it a cross between Cajun, Tex-Mex, and Mexican.  The menu is not large (good thing), but they do have a nice variety of choices, including vegetarian choices.My wife and I both love this type of food, and we have search the east valley, and until now have not found a place to keep coming back to.  We were so desperate that we actually went to "One the Boarder" a couple of times, it makes me gag just thinking about it.For me if you live around the 60 in Mesa you have to try it at least once. Thursdays are the night to be here we ended up next to a group that make Thursday's their TQLA night, and we were welcomed into the pack. So I hope to see you all next Thursday at TQLA it's a fun time and so far Great Food.
5	I have been there twice now and both times had an excellent experience.  The first time was on a weeknight and so it was relatively quiet.  The food was good (I ordered off the 550 calorie menu and was very happy!) and the salsa was phenomenal.  The second time was on a CRAZY busy Saturday night and had an equally good experience.  Loved the pork sliders!  Friends had the fajitas and were raving about them, too.  I'll be back!
3	A friend and I decided to do happy hour today and she suggested we try this place out as it's close to her house and something different.  As we were walking up I was happy to see that they have outdoor seating since today was the first day it's been warm out in what feels like FOREVER!  We walked in and a lady kind of walked up to the host stand and said hello but then walked away and didn't say anything else so we kind of looked at each other like "Uhhhh, I guess that means we just seat ourselves?"  So we went to the patio and found ourselves a table.A few minutes later a waitress came over and asked if we wanted to start with some drinks.  We asked if there were menus we could look at first (especially since it was happy hour and we wanted to see what they offered for that) and she said, "You need menus first?!"  Now, I know that she was joking and I consider myself to have a pretty sarcastic sense of humor,  BUT...this was only the second sentence she spoke to us and there was no rapport established yet so it rubbed me the wrong way.Once we got our menus we went straight for the happy hour one since that was the reason we were out after all.  All appetizers were half off, well drinks were $4.50 and beers were $3.  There were other things on there too but those are the only ones I remembered.  I ordered the Carne Asada quesadilla off the appetizer menu and my friend ordered steak and chicken fajitas that the menu advertised as "The best in town."  The food came out in a decent amount of time and the fajitas were sizzling appropriately.  My quesadilla was good, nicely crispy on the outside with a good amount of ingredients on the inside and the cheese was perfectly melted.  The flavor was good and different than your typical quesadilla but nothing about it really wowed me.  My friend liked the fajitas but wasn't really gushing over them.All in all it was a pretty average experience.  There wasn't really anything terrible about the food or service but nothing that was write home to your mother good either.  I'd go back if I was in the area and craving Mexican food but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
1	Disappointing is an understatement.
4	FANTASTIC !!!  We ate here last Friday for my husband's birthday.  Since we wanted to try different things, we just had several appetizers rather than ordering entrees.The chips brought to the table were very good, freshly made in house.  The salsas were dynamite, not your typical restaurant salsa.  We ate:1. Baja Ceviche  - absolutely perfect!2. Queso Blanco - tasty, but nothing special.3. Crawfish Hushpuppies - very unique and delicious.4.  Duck Tamale - imaginative and outstanding!The Margaritas were very good but not in the top 5 best I've ever had.The service was excellent.  Erica was our server and.did a great job.  She had a large area to cover, including one big party.  The reasons I did not give five stars are for the noise level, and for the slow service from the bar.  This was due to the lack of help behind the bar rather than any shortcoming on the part of Erica.
4	So Good, I got the Tequilla Burger and loved it.  The Menu is a little too pricey and drinks are good.
5	What a great place love the Tequila on Tap ..Food was Great and Gabi r waitress was as sweet as can be ....cant wait to go back ..  O the Craw fish hush puppies da bomb ...Skirt Steak ..Deeelish ..!!! :)
4	On one of our afternoons of day drinking, we realized we were probably going to have to call a cab anyway, so why not swing in here for a tequila flight?We sat at the bar and the bartender greeted us right away and described some of the offerings on the tequila menu.  I had mezcal on the brain because I wanted to investigate it further, so we ordered a flight.  Our server also brought us some chips and salsa and the two salsas were very tasty.  The green one was sweet, smoky, and spicy, and the red one had a nice fire-roasted flavor.Upon delivery of the flight the bartender explained the 3 different tequilas, and the palate cleansers.  The green one with pineapple juice, jalapenos, cilantro, and something else is outstanding.  I want one of those for breakfast.  After trying all 3 mezcal tequilas, I still liked it, but that's some powerful stuff and I was pretty sure I could feel some hair starting to sprout on my chest.  Oh baby!  Overall we weren't big spenders, but we were treated very well and I enjoyed the whole visit.  Their menu has some very interesting items like crawfish & pecan hush puppies and the brunch sounds wonderful.  We'll definitely be back.
4	One of my favorite places.    Had dinner there last night.    Tried their cheese cake [new]-very, very good.    Highly recommend visiting the TQLA, I believe you will enjoy.
4	I am a fan for Happy Hours here! 1/2 price appetizers and $4.5 House Margarita. They have it everyday from 3pm - 7pm. They do have a limited selection of draft beer so check if they have your beer.
5	Pros: clean, homemade everything down to the sweet and sour mix, happy hour 4-7. Indoor and outdoor seating. Delicious food! Lots of flavor and variety. Excellent service. I just can't say enough!Con: I live too close!!! I will be here everyday :DDon't miss out !
4	Atmosphere is relaxing on the patio and the grilled fish tacos are very good and filling.
3	Read all the mixed reviews but decided to give it a try.The steak quesadilla was pretty good, it did require the use of the fantastic chimichurri sauce and with some of the habenero sauce it was quite tasty.The steak enchiladas missed some how, lacked much taste, the rice was ok, the beans lacked any flavor.The Habenero Chicken really missed, the suace it self was fine but the chicken was cooked without any seasoning at all, just plain chicken covered in sauce.  Once it was salt & peppered and covered in the chimichurri sauce it was ok.All in all too expensive for tasteless food.  Ambiance was good so maybe I'd go back for drinks but not to eat.
5	We went for dinner on a Saturday night.  We sat inside and we loved the environment.  The chips were thin and delicious and the green and (fire roasted) red salsas were both very good.  We had the Carne Asada and the chicken and steak Fajitas.  They were both fabulous along with the beans and rice.  We also had an on-tap IPA and the Flirtini, both of which were quite good.  The price was reasonable and the service was great.  I'd highly recommend this restaurant!
5	best customer service, best happy hour! i absolutely love this place!  the food is excellent, drinks are perfect! i usually order the micheloda, today i tried a Margarita! :) it was delicious! you can sit outside or outside inside! :) doors are open but the AC is blazing. the atmosphere is beautiful. Highly recommend
3	I'd love to stretch to 4 stars on this one but I just can't. For Mesa, it's about as good as it gets. Great location off Val Vista, food is above average, drinks well made. Staff is very friendly and attentive.Not sure what it is, it's just missing something? The bar is usually the happening place. Great for small/medium groups as you can score a seat almost any night of the week.
5	Incredible food and service. We had a young man named Jared, who was one of the best waiters I've ever encountered. The house margarita rocks big time. It was happy hour, and ALL appetizers were half-priced. We had 5 appetizers, and all were fantastic. Can't wait to return for entrees someday. Thanks, Jared, great job!
5	Great first visit!  Will return for sure.
5	Me and my Wife loved it! Went for Cinco De Mayo and had great drinks and food? Sat at the bar and had great service! We will be coming back!!
3	Our second venture out in restaurant week brought us to TQLA. It is a large restaurant (maybe it was something else before TQLA?) not sure. Anyway, it is hard to miss, very prominent on Val Vista in front of the shopping center. It was 7:30 on a Tuesday night, but the place was pretty much deserted. To the right was a very large bar area with just a few patrons, and to the left was the dining area...with only 3 tables seated. The hostess immediately seated us, and explained the 2 menus. We told her we were here for restaurant week and she said "Cool" and left. We looked over the menu and made our choices. Our server came over (didn't tell us her name...this is the second time this week...which is odd) She was sweet and attentive, though, and asked us if we wanted a tequila 'fight' We said no, but we wanted a pitcher of the house margaritas. She brought us chips (light, warm and crisp) and 2 kinds of salsa (green and red) Both were good, but only about  2 tablespoons in each tiny dish. We had to ask for refills 3 times. The margaritas were a big disappointment. I was expecting something spectacular for a tequila bar, but they were way sweet and no way we could taste the tequila. We didn't finish the pitcher (and not because we felt the alcohol AT ALL!) Things got better with the appetizers. My spicy crab cakes were delicious, and a meal in themselves! The spouse had the ceviche, which he said was fine, but a lot more veggies than seafood. My entree: the pumpkin crusted salmon was very good, cooked to perfection. It was supposed to come with green chili mashed potatoes, but came with rice instead (?) I was so full from the chips and crab cakes, I took most of it home anyway. Spouse had the carne asada, which he really liked! He said it was well cooked and seasoned. Dessert was a chocolate and coffee flan for me (yum!) and blueberry cheesecake for him (just OK) It was pricey (about $100) for southwestern food and was good, but not great. This is quite a drive for us, so we probably won't be back unless we are in the area. I hope this restaurant makes it...and hopefully they pack the place on weekends!
2	My girlfriend and I picked TQLA for one of our restaurant week selections. After perusing the website, I made reservations, though for 5:00 on a Wednesday I didn't need them. There were maybe 5 tables filled and several people at the bar. The hostess was very nice and friendly. The waiter started out well, with fast service, though he did have to ask us to repeat our orders. The chips were warm, the salsa verde was sweet and spicy. The rojo was overdone on the chipotle spice, with a flat, smoky flavor that neither of us enjoyed. For the appetizer, she ordered the ceviche and enjoyed it. My duck tamale was good, though not much duck flavor left. It could have been beef for all I could taste. The masa was spicy, not overly so, but with a latent burn that may have eliminated the duck flavor. Dinner came before we were even really done with the appetizer. This is the first complaint I have with this restaurant. There is no sense of pacing. Appetizer plates should be clear before the entree arrives. The entrees were just ok. Maybe they were so close on the appetizer that the flavors blended. I ordered the carne asada, my date the salmon. I tasted hers and it seemed that the salsa topping overwhelmed everything. It was like eating chilis with a salmon texture. The rice pilaf was underwhelming, with a pretty fair amount of liquid at the bottom of the plate. She enjoyed the fried green tomatoes, but ate about three bites of the fish. The crust was weird in the mouth, too many textures blending together. My carne asada was ordered medium rare but arrived closer to rare. Maybe I got a not so great steak, but there seemed to be a lot of gristle - every other bite or so. The cheese, peppers and onions on top were ok, tasty, but nothing you can't get at a good philly cheese-steak place. The rice was heavy on what tasted like chipotle spice and not much to my palate. The beans were better, but still not high on my list. Portions were large; probably a meal and a half for me on the entree without an appetizer. Dessert was pretty good. The crust on my cheesecake was nice and crunchy, not soggy, the cheesecake was fluffy and well-flavored. Most of the berries were sour, though, which was unexpected as we have been getting excellent blueberries here for several weeks. I enjoyed the strawberry puree though, and the spiced whipped cream was a good touch. My date polished off her flan, though, and said it was really good. My taste revealed good strong chocolate flavors with just a touch of coffee and a flash of tequila at the end. The server, while he had started out good, was overly attentive until the entrees arrived at which point he was hard to find. After dessert, he brought the check and then we waited for about 15 minutes before he showed up again to collect it. We were very obviously done and waiting on him, with the dishes empty. All told, it took about an hour and a quarter from seating to walking out and the entrees were finished by 45 minutes after seating. I won't be back, unless it is for dessert. The service and the food were not worth the price, though not quite bad enough to complain to the waiter about. The service was pretty good to start, but then I felt ignored after dessert was ordered.
5	First time at this place, it was hard to come check it out with Costa Vida so close and so good. But from now on, when we have the money, this is the new place to go!The food was very delicious (I had the carnitas tacos), the complimentary chips and salsa were also great, and the chips didn't seem gross and greasy like most other complimentary chips (think Chili's). Tried two margaritas, they were very strong and worth the happy hour price. Our server Lyndsey was very nice and she wasn't at all annoyed that we were the only people to be sitting outside in the heat, making her come outside to check on us every time. Only down side is the menu seemed kinda pricey unless you're here for happy hour. But the food is high enough quality to be worth the high price!
4	I would have given TQLA 5 stars but what stopped me short was the noise.  This is a great place.  Food was excellent, drinks were right on (I had a Lemon Drop Martini and it was delightful) and our server was very nice.  I had made reservations for 6 but had 3 unexpected guests arrive and they accommodated us with no fuss at all.  Now, even though we had 9 at our table we were seated very close and comfortable and really should have been able to enjoy each others conversations but since the music was so loud all patrons were talking loud and therefore we couldn't hear anyone that wasn't sitting right next to us.  This is/was my only complaint.  No reason for the music to be so loud during dinner hour.
2	Came here for brunch and it's underwhelming.  I ordered the chorizo and eggs and others at the table ordered the shrimp tacos.  Good chorizo and eggs is just that, chorizo and eggs.  Not tomato, other veg, and bland chorizo.  This dish was marginal.  Just go to the other 1,000 places that serve chorizo.  Overall, everything was bland.  The Bloody Mary bar is a nice idea but also somewhat average as far as the mixers.  Maybe later in the day for dinner or drinks but brunch or lunch, no thanks.  Won't be back.
5	Have you ever been to a restaurant, and then dreamed about repeating a wonderful experience? No? I must be sleep deprived. Or hungry...I probably would never had tried this restaurant if it hadn't been for my friend that lives in Gilbert. We met for a little shopping and lunch, and decided to try TQLA. The restaurant is nicely decorated, and the outside patio is super cute! We split the steak fajitas, and OMG! they were so good! The meat, I believe, is ribeye, and was very tender and flavorful. What makes it even better is that when the sizzling platter comes to your table, there is a little butter on top of the meat (YUM!). There was a little cup of something on the side that we thought was a flavored butter, and we just plopped it right on top, and it was really tasty (we think it may be an ancho butter, and it was really good). The personnel are very nice and attentive, as well. Anyway, I'm dreaming of those fajitas. Every night.
4	Went to TQLA for my first time for lunch on a Friday with a client and sat in the bar at a high-top.. It was slower than I had hoped for, for TQLA. So everyone that try's this place, please write a review to help support them. The food was SO very good. The guacamole kart (where they make it in front of you) was fantastic!! I had the wedge salad with chicken, would get it again. The service was amazing....I don't how many times someone would pass by to make sure we were happy. Everyone from the manager, server and I think even another waiter or the bus person. I hear they get a crowd for the evenings because of the open patio that they are due to get misters soon for the summer evenings. Please support this place, it's a great upper scale bar/restaurant and this area really needs a fun and unique venue such as TQLA. The menu offers American and Mexican style food. When you go, ask for Lyndsey as your server....she was GREAT!!
3	I really struggled between a 3 and 4 star for TQLA, and had it been more consistent I'd probably had given it a 4.  First the good... the house margaritas (usually) are great, the decor is awesome, the staff is friendly, and the apps are good as well.  For the not-so-good, the margaritas can be hit or miss depending on the bartender, and the food isn't too amazing.  I really wanted to love this place since I'm walking distance and have been looking for something like Canteen on Mill Ave.  I haven't really fell in love with it, but it's worth checking out for sure.
5	idk why this place doesn't have 5 stars from everyone?!?! everything is DELICIOUS.best fajitas in the whole world. not even joking. I have a hard time ordering anything else so I don't. but I have tried other things from friends and everything has been awesome!they have this tequila-infused butter that they serve with stuff and it's insane. and they have the most delicious onions with their fajitas. the tortillas taste freshly made. the complimentary chips and salsa are super great. worth coming here for every meal.
4	I had a good experience tonight at TQLA. I would come back for sure. The restaurant itself is really nice. I like to contemporary vibe and the relaxed feel of the candle light. Our waiter, Ryan was outstanding and from the other reviews it seems like service can be hit or miss but Ryan has really got it together. First we were served chips and two types of salsa. The chips were just okay but the salsa's were quite good. We had a green avocado and cilantro based salsa and a fire roasted tomato based salsa which is served warm which I found unique and I'm not sure if I like it or not, I haven't decided yet. Our waiter Ryan suggested a few things, the queso being one, the fajita's another. We decided we would try the queso on another visit but went for the fajita's. We got a combo of chicken and steak. They were amazing! Great flavor. If I were to get them again I would probably only get chicken only because the steak had kind of a teriyaki flavor to it which I didn't really think complemented the Mexican flair. Our waiter also brought out a sample of the habanero salsa since we wanted to try something a little spicier. It is usually $2.50 for the side but he let us try a sample for free because we were on the fence about it. It was great and really added to the fajitas, it was a little sweet and a little spicy I would definitely recommend it if you like sweet heat! I also had a margarita flight, with a blood orange, chamboard and house margarita for $10. It was a little pricey but I like to try out the variety at a new restaurant. I would get the blood orange again but I would come back for happy hour which is 3-7pm Mon-Fri and they also serve half price apps. Overall good experience. I would definitely come back. It seems as though the consistency can be iffy here so I will write an update on my next visit.
4	We thought it was great. Went on nat'l tequila day and it was super busy. But everything we had (margaritas, 2 tequila flights, shared fajitas for two) was excellent. Atmosphere was wonderful. Looking forward to going again.
5	Fantastic service, delicious food, and perfect margaritas! What more could you ask for? Oh, maybe an extensive menu of tequila and cocktails, including tequila on tap? Yep well, they have that too! We have been back in AZ for 2 days after living in HI for 3 years, and of course have been eating nothing but all the Mexican food we can get our hands on! We were headed to our go-to place, Serrano's...and I am so glad they are closed on Sundays because that forced us to drive a little farther north and find this gem! Had the tres amigos for an appetizer and it went perfectly with our "margarita flights", the three margarita sampler where you choose three of their many fruity flavors (the three together were enough to get me a bit buzzed and my mom just barely drunk). We also got the grilled fish tacos and steak enchiladas, and both were amazing. The fajitas that passed by our table were mouth-watering, even though we were already SO full! Ryan was our waiter and was super attentive and friendly! He mentioned they have been open almost a year and miiiiiiiiight be having a huge party when they hit the year mark...well we will DEFINITELY be there! As this particular building location has a terrible track record of businesses failing, I am praying that TQLA makes it and is open for many years to come!
4	Great for happy hour on a warm evening, but I don't think I'd be here for the regular menu. It's more like Cali/Tex-Mex than authentic Mexican food. Server was a really ditzy blonde that needed some extra brain power but she made for good people (er...person) watching?
4	This place is awesome!! They don't have the biggest menu out there for food, but what we did have tasted great! They have an outstanding happy hour and more tequila than you can shake a stick at. We had their Margaritas and they were awesome! You can even choose to add flavors to their House Margarita that are not your typical flavors. I had Guava and it was very interesting. The staff was very nice and very helpful since we hadn't been there before. The chips and dip are outstanding!! We also had the Queso Blanco as my wife loves the White Queso dips and it is one of the best we have ever had. The chips that come with it are the blue tortilla chips and they taste delicious. We will be back again soon and we highly recommend the place.
3	Good food, a little pricey for good food. nice atmosphere. good place for a date or to start out a 21st birthday if you got some money to burn.
4	Just left TQLA. I'm pretty Impressed actually. The food was really good! I had the carnitas tacos with black beans and rice.- the carnitas meat was absolutely delicious. The rice was perfectly seasoned Mexican rice and the black beans were cooked just rice with small dap of creme fresh and white Mexican cheese. The meal itself was plenty for me. Two tacos with a side of rice and beans. I was defiantly stuffed after. ~ $10.95A couple other people had the crispy lunch chicken tacos- a little extra something than your normal chicken tacos. Also included rice and beans. ~ $9.95Another had the chorizo and eggs (Sunday brunch special) I stole a bite and it was fabulous!! Chorizo and cilantro on top of an egg with a side of seasoned breakfast potatoes. I'd defiantly be back just for this! ($8.95)The cocktails were also great! They have a HUGE selection of tequila and margaritas.... They even have a tequila flight. I had the berry mojito-awesome and not too sweet. The Bellini-super sweet if you're into that be prepared for a brain freeze. The skinny margarita was also so so good! Oh and if your a Bloody Mary lover they have a make your own Bloody Mary bar!! Super awesome! Our server Danny was awesome! He was  super friendly and provided awesome service! Keep up the great work Danny!Ill be back!
4	The food is alright, but the service is always great! This is a fine venue for a quality tequila education. Think outside the Patron!
4	Upper scale Mexican food.  We generally stop in for happy hour and partake of the half-price appetizers which are really good. Margaritas are also high quality. Have yet to try a dinner entree.
4	Was in town visiting relatives and we went to TQLA for dinner. I was really impressed! I like the decor and atmosphere, server (didn't catch her name, younger gal with dark hair) was very friendly, patient, and attentive. The two salsas you get with the chips to start are very very good. I got the margarita flight (you can pick 3 flavors to try) with the prickly pear, blood orange, and chambord. All were good but the chambord was DELICIOUS. I'm not huge on tequila but that margarita could change my mind! For dinner I had the crawfish and spinach enchiladas, which were very very good, the mushroom cream sauce on them is excellent. Very flavorful rice and beans were great too. Boyfriend had chicken enchiladas and gramma/grampa shared the fajitas for two. Everyone was pleased and super stuffed! Look forward to coming here again next time were in town.
4	Great flavors and fab margaritas, finally!The hunny and I stopped in in a Saturday night around 8:30 pm.  There was plenty of open parking.  Tqla is located one light south of the 60.The entrance is very nice, facing Val vista with 2 oversize doors.  We sit in a booth, only 1 large group nearing the end of thier meal with 3 small children.  We ask to sit one booth over which they obliged. We started with a passion tea for him and a Chambord Rita for me and guacamole.  The Rita was great, swirled Chambord into the frozen house which did have a nice bite.  The guacamole was a large portion but the avocado was not quite ripe.  The house salsas are very good, one yummy Limey green and a hot smoky deep red thin sauce.For our entrees we got the steak quesadilla and the carnitas tacos.  As for the carnitas, it was tender but most likely slow cooked.  To me it was more of a red chili pork not a true carnitas that's shredded and crisped.  The steak quesadilla was awesome with yummy cheese and all sorts of flavors.  We were full and did not try dessert. Nice and accommodating service at this New Mexican spot.
4	Food was very tasty. Had the Carne Asada. I really enjoyed it. My wife really liked the Sangria and they so have a margarita sampler! Yummy! Probably great for a date but was really dark when was there with my family. Server was a little slow but was training so not completely her fault. Nice atmosphere. Would definitely go back but maybe this time with just my wife to enjoy the dark ambience a little more.
5	So let me preface this review by saying that any place that has tequila on tap that is chilled to 5 degrees is a winner in my book!!!HUGE selection of tequilas...and this one item on the menu that will leave you wanting more.  Queso! White Queso..with chips and chorizo.  I died.  A thousand deaths.  The food was tasty and the tequila was icy! Nothing could be better!!!
4	My girlfriend and I were looking for a place to eat. Since it was near her work, she had seen it and thought I would like it based on my obsession with Mexican food. The atmosphere is great, and would be a great place to have a happy hour on a Friday night. It was modern and fun. The chips and salsa were great. Our waitress even had to refill them. Then came the food. My girlfriend ordered steak tacos, which she said were great, and the meat was tender and cooked to perfection. My enchiladas were even better, based on my own bias toward anything wrapped in a tortilla and doused with sauce. Great overall flavor and the rice and beans were great, too. I was blessed to finish off my amazing meal with a great CUATRO leches dessert. Make note if you know Spanish or are familiar with tres leches... this was amazing!!!!! The cake was soft, moist, sweet and bathed in a generous helping of condensed milk, one of the cuatro leches used. Overall, go there over any other Mexican place in the area. The atmosphere is fun, lively, and the food is amazing.
3	So excited to see a fun New Mexican food place in a cute area!Unfortunately, it was nothing to be excited about. Went during Saturday happy hour and tried 4 appetizers instead of a meal. Chips were greasy and under salted, guacamole tasted like nothing, chicken nachos were cold and boring, I had one bite of the chicken quesadilla and didn't touch it again. But the awful terrible appetizer was their crab cakes. I GOT FOOD POISONING!! I took one bite and sent it back because it was rancid. I gave one star because our waitress and the bartender were helpful and accommodating. The waitress was sweet and nice. If TQLA continues with this terrible food it won't be there for very long- which is sad.As for me and my hubby we won't be back.
2	Six of us went in for drinks and some late night snacking. We ordered some nachos and they brought complimentary chips and salsa. This was my first time here since re-opening as TQLA. The first round of drinks was a mess. The server could not get anything right. My beer was wrong TWICE! The bartender apparently mixed the wrong alcohols into two of my friends drinks. The server did not really do a great job of trying to fix the situation. He instead tried to say we were wrong and that the tequila they tasted was in the right drink. That drink was supposed to have mint leaves yet the other drink which didn't have tequila had mint leaves. Wow. Good job buddy. This guy couldn't even remember the four tequilas they had that were infused. By the way. The infused tequilas are awful. Everyone that tried the vanilla and hibiscus/mint almost vomited. For a bar that names themselves tequila it was a poor showing. The only bright point was the chips, salsa, and nachos. All were fantastic. I would not recommend this place for drinks or the service. It was awful. Now the food was actually pretty good. Overall I think this building is cursed because the last restaurant that was here closed and this one probably should as well.
5	Incredible food and service. We had a young man named Jared, who was one of the best waiters I've ever encountered. The house margarita rocks big time. It was happy hour, and ALL appetizers were half-priced. We had 5 appetizers, and all were fantastic. Can't wait to return for entrees someday. Thank, Jared.We returned as promised, and once again, the food and service was great. Lindsay was our waitress and did an outstanding job even though they were swamped due to a benefit night. Those fried oysters are going to keep me coming back. Manager was great too, explaining the benefit and apologizing.
3	Don't be mistaken TQLA doesn't have Mexican food exactly. It is called "New Mexican" food. While it was pretty delicious I wasn't expecting this. The main difference is that there are a lot healthier choices than a Mexican food restaurant. The chips and salsa were good. The service was excellent. If you are coming here for traditional Mexican food you will be disappointed.
4	Each time we go, we are never disappointed! Great place for date night or a girls night out. The margaritas are always on point and the spinach crawfish enchilada is perfection! Bar service is too be desired but table service is so wonderful! Outside seating is just the cherry on top!
4	I got my months worth of going out to this establishment! It should be called TQAZ . Shots on tap and they put the app in happy hour!
4	Had a great lunch here yesterday.  I judge a Mexican restaurant by their margaritas and their Chile Relleno.  Well, they don't serve Relleno, but the margaritas were fabulous.  Fresh mix, not that nasty sweet and sour, could have been a bit bigger but for $6.75, who cares.  I had the oyster appetizer and Tortilla soup.  Both were fabulous.  Hubby had chicken soft tacos, served with lots of fresh spinach, very good.  Very good service, but the place was pretty empty, we were there at 11 on a Saturday.We'll be back.
5	I've been to TQLA 3x, and the crawfish and spinach enchiladas are ridiculously good!  Great motif and service.  Everything that I've tasted is great!  Highly recommend!!
1	The worst customer service I have ever experienced in the US, after ordering a beer the manager decided to refuse me service because he could not understand my Irish accent, crazy .....
2	Way overpriced for what you get. I had a salad and boyfriend had a cheese enchilada plate with rice only. The portions were very small--my boyfriend had to eat something else when we got home.  Also three dollars for a soda--this just pisses me off. What a rip off. The food did taste good,  and our server was nice but probably not ever going to come back. It's just not worth the effort.
5	Love TQLA! Happy Hour Rocks! You can sit anywhere in the restaurant! Food is yummy, appetizer quesadillas are the best.
3	My fiance took me to TQLA for dinner the other night. It was good, but in the car ride home I wasn't riffling through my calendar for the next opportunity to return. I had a house margarita, rocks/salt, which was sweet and didn't taste handmade. Non-HH for $6.50 or so. I attached a photo of their better-priced HH selections. Fiance stuck w/water, and we shared the Trio appetizer. The mango habanero salsa was unique, sweet at first with a slow and staunch delayed heat. Yummy and unique but not the type of salsa to eat a whole mess of. Guac and queso were good but nothing to write home about.For our entree, we shared fajitas. Chicken & Steak ($24). The seasonings and trimmings were great, but the steak had an abundance of gristle and made bites complicated and somewhat off-putting. As stated, flavors were nice, and proportions were appropriate. The rice & beans were unique and tasty. A little extra panache provided by corn, peppers and a cream sauce. The 3/5 star reasoning; for the money there are a lot of other restaurants I'd rather patronize. Also, for the price, I would have expected a better cut of steak in the fajitas. I know that fajita meat isn't the best of the best, but it needed to be better. I'll be back... For Happy Hour
3	Combo Margarita Sampler is a great idea.  You can sample 3 different margaritas at a time.  The Oyster  appetizer was fishy and that means it's not fresh, it was bad. I won't get that again.  The Carne Asada meal was delicious. I made the mistake of getting it medium rare. It should be medium well. I don't even know why they ask you, it's not steak. I will probably come back for HH to try more...
3	I came here with a friend a few weeks ago. I saw pictures of those jumbo margaritas and just haddd to try it out! lol. They have a cute little outdoor patio with a fire pit so we sat outside since it was beautiful weather at the time. So we started off with the Guacamole.. I loveeee guacamole so I always have to get it when I hit up a new restaurant. It was ehhh... For the entree we ordered the crispy tacos combo. It comes with rice and beans and we just shared it. I think it was a fairly good amount. I enjoyed it. Last but not least, the drinks! Loved the margaritas! You're talking about maybe $10 a glass. I mean that is the usual price, but imagine jumbo ones. loved it! =)I thought the food was mediocre. Nothing great. However, I'd probably come back to try their happy hour or just to get the jumbo margaritas. lol. =)
5	Went there last weekend with the family it was awesome !not only is the food amazing the staff was great in making sure we were comfortable   We wanted to sit outside so we choose the couches and after the food came  we decided it would be more comfortable  on a table with the five of us so our waiter cleaned and set up a table for us  in seconds and then moved everything over . they gave the kids these wiki sticks  along with there crayons and coloring pages which was amazing because it kept my little ones busy .  I will defiantly be back there again
5	Haven't been that pleasantly surprised at good such good food in a long time. Everything was very fresh and very tasty
3	Margaritas are good but food is overpriced and subpar at best. I'd rather go to Macayos. The service wasn't all that great either. I will not be returning.
5	Me and My wife went for lunch and were in the mood for some really good fajitas, We were not sure about this place since we are Mexican food snobs.We walked in and were impressed with all the out door and patio seating and the style of the place. The margarita was so good and the shrimp and steak fajitas were awesome, beans and rice were OK but I never eat that anyway when Im pinching bites of fajitas with warm corn tortillas and dippin it in their bomb salsa..It was good the best fajitas in town on the eastside other than going to mesa where there are some pretty good spots as well but these fajitas are done right.. saw someone who ordered the civic he  and that looked really good too.
1	Went there on a Thursday night. Should have been a slow night... And it was but our service REALLY SUCKED!!!! Sara was our server and she had no personality at all. Sara took 30 minutes to get us water and she forgot to put our drink order in. Sad part was she only had two tables. Pathetic!!! Bottom line is if you are in the area I would go to Ra so you're not frustrated! WE WILL NOT BE BACK!!!!!
5	Impressed on all fronts. A word of warning though: if you don't booze or meat, don't bother. If you like at least one of the two, you'll leave happy.The decor is clean, hip, sophisticated, and minimalistic with enough of a rustic feel to remind you of the state you're in and the kind of food you're eating. The service was great - I apologized to my waiter for needing my water glass refilled constantly, since I don't tolerate spicy food all that well, and he brought me an extra glass. Nice touch. The menu is roughly half alcohol (remember my warning earlier? I wasn't kidding) but the food items are all appetizing (with, at most, three vegetarian options, so leave your veggie friends at home). Perhaps best of all, the portions are all reasonably-sized (and reasonably priced for the quality), so I was able to share an appetizer and a dessert while having plenty of room for my entree. I had the queso blanco, the crawfish enchiladas, and the triple chocolate brownie - all excellently prepared and fresh-tasting. I got a side of mac and cheese to take home and I have no doubts it will make an awesome dinner tomorrow night. And I really was impressed by everything - in the ladies' room, the trash can was placed next to the door (so you can use your paper towel to open the door instead of your clean hands... for those of you who aren't obsessive about that sort of thing) as well as a hand sanitizer dispenser. The germaphobe in me was overjoyed.Definitely looking forward to coming back, I hope I can make it in for brunch sometime because the menu looks wonderful.
4	Great atmosphere, awesome patio. Went on a Friday night. The food was great. The ceviche was enough for a meal, and very tasty! 4 stars only due to the long wait and my food being done the wrong way, but was corrected VERY quickly. Oh and if you like Tequila (I don't) this place is a must for you!I have been here for Sunday brunch and that was spectacular!
5	Our company held a business meeting here just yesterday and although I had never eaten here previously I had seen good things and heard good things about it so we were hopeful and loved it!We had our meeting in their private room, which is very nice- it's a little loud while they're prepping, etc...however we'd definitely come back with a microphone or just as a business lunch. The patio also looks like a great location for a nice business lunch.Don, the GM, is GREAT!!! He was very detail oriented, conscious of our needs, the servers were awesome and everyone loved the food. We had another vendor bring a machine into the restaurant and Don was very accommodating with this as well. I would give it 4.5 stars if I could - simply because of the noise during our business meeting portion, other than that - it was great. We sincerely appreciate the great food and service and plan to be back!
4	Manager on duty was around but never visited a table when times are slow great time to interact wit Customers. Had the Chile lime grilled chicken was good, cucumbers were a little thick cut. Wanted to really give 4 stars, but the bartender/waiter wasn't that attentive left me having to waive him down for refill even though my glass was almost empty. One of my sauces was empty and he never even offered to refresh. Brought the check turned and left before I could say anything. Then the lack of an attentive manager. Would I come back, yes at least to bring the wife. Again give it a try.Here for second visit, took my experience to another level. Gave the fourth star! Service was great, food was good. It's not a Mexican food - it's Nuevo Mexican w/ California flare. Try it if not taken care of I can only encourage you to ask for the Manager!!!
5	Does admitting to the fact that we went to this place twice in one day tell you anything? The Carne Asada ... blew my mind. It was a 8 oz (ish) piece of meat that was cooked to my liking. I have not had meat that tender and flavorful, maybe ever? The bartender John made a drink pairing selection, a Habanero infused Blackberry Margarita... kinda made you want to smack people!Then the bacon wrapped shrimp on a skewer with grilled veggies.. another home run. These were big shrimp skewered with Jalapeno spears and acrispy bacon shell. This was lunch and dinner!!
1	We went today for Mothers day and wow the food and service was the worst experience ever ! People around our table were waiting for a hour for food ! Half the food came out and was wrong  and we sent it back ! It came out with the rest 20 minutes later cold and the steak and Eggs were seriously cold!  Worst Service ever - Server never asked us if we wanted another drink or refilled our water glasses or our kids glasses ! Love the atmosphere but would rather eat brunch at Dennys !
2	Took my mother here for mothers day. It was very busy and we did not have a reservation but they did accomodate us and sat us at a table on the patio. We ordered our food and the waitress came out with cinnamon crisp chips and honey butter dip. It was amazing. I ordered the chicken fried chicken and gravy, it was supposed to come with green chili but the only green chili was in the mashed potato. The chicken was dry and there was very little gravy. My mother ordered the breakfast tacos. They had bacon egg and cheese in them. The eggs were dry and not fluffy overall very bland and they did not come with salsa, i asked the waitress to bring some and she did accomodate. My girlfriend had the juevos rancheros she indicated that they were very bland as well.
5	I came here on date night with my boyfriend, and we were blown away! Our server Maria was awesome, she was super nice, and seriously was one of the best servers I've had in a while. We started off with chips and guacamole, which were amazing... And I also ordered the skinny marg which was HUGE and equally awesome! We ordered the fajitas for two and it was super tasty and a TON of food. We will definitely be back!
5	Great place for happy hour, group events and/or date night! I normally get the house margarita and appetizers for happy hour- I recommend the tamales or the calamari. The tequila flights are a must for group events. The tacos are good but not very filling. Overall it's a nice new add to Dana park!
2	I have been wanting to come here for ages! Ok, well, maybe only since i moved back to Phoenix a month ago...but still...in hungry foodie days, a month is FOREVER.The vibe is cool and trendy and Johnny Anonymous was playing the night we visited...love them! So first off, I have to say, only two vegetarian options..UGH. Usually mexican places are an easy feat for me when it comes to finding delicious no added meat items. Not so much here...your choices are Vegetable enchiladas with zucchini, squash, sweet potatoes and mushrooms or nachos. Let me say that as a very white looking mexican, I know that sweet zucchini and squash do not go with anything mexican food related. Where the heck is the green chile and beans?I ordered the Todo Santos Nachos. They were...ok. Not a lot of flavor, but luckily my super hot boyfriend had some tasty queso dip that I added to my mini tostada nachos to liven them up a little.We also ordered guacamole for the table, which was, eh. The guy who mashes the avocados must have stormed out and quit during his shift, because it was basically halved avos served with a few tomatoes and feta on a sad looking lettuce leaf. Luckily, I am a guac expert, so I mashed those right up with my fork and added some salt pronto which helped us to at least be able to scoop them up with our chips.I am willing to give TQLA another shot because I am a sucker for brunch, and they offer Sunday brunch, so I will be headed there on a not so distant Sunday. Stay tuned my pretties.
1	Heard about TQLA (Mesa AZ). Wanted to try the Sunday Brunch. Holy Cow what a mistake! I ordered the Eggs Rancheros and my girlfriend ordered Chicken Fried Chicken with eggs. The wait staff looked tired like they had all come from the same rave party the night before; plus no smiles and weak customer service. While waiting for my food the waiter did give me a re-fill of water. Grabbed my glass from the top, (gross) brought back the re-fill with the same spent wedge of lemon in it. Wait staff training 101. 'Always take the customers glass from the bottom'. Food came, what a disappointment. I ordered the eggs on my sunny side up. Got cold black beans, covered by a soggy corn tortilla, and extremely under cooked slimy eggs with old dry potatoes and greasy bacon strips The chicken plate was even worse.  Eggs were ordered soft they came cold, over cooked and rubbery. The white sauce on the slab of cold fried chicken breast was flavorless with gray bits of sausage in it. We were literally left with a bad taste in our mouths. The manager comp'd the meal.
3	Well, due to aborting my date after drinks and before ordering any food, I can really only review the beverages. The raspado at 7 bucks was great tasting with tequilla, grapefruit juice and club soda i think. One of the better crafted mixed drinks and the ill-fated date had a glass of wine. The chips came with two kinds of salsa and i would give the nod to the green one which was avocado based. Chips were regular and did not stand out. As for food, items hovered about 12 bucks, but will have to try that next time on a date that can actually make it through the dinner ordering process.
4	Great food, fast service, nice happy hour selection. We love that it's loud enough that we don't have to worry about bringing our toddler.
5	This place has a great menu and is also a great time too. We basically had appetizers and dessert while we listened to the band this time. But the food is delicious too!
5	Love this place! Been here for Sunday brunch, lunch & dinner! The food is very tasty and the margaritas are great!The prickly pear margarita is my fav!
4	Meal was very flavorful, service was great! I can only stress if you find your meal not to your expectation - ask for a manager!! If you have a request for something outside the box ask it could be possible not a promise but there's always a good chance - menu is pretty diverse. Take a chance I've rated 4 stars here but probably for me is a 3.5 for my overall lifetime experience.
5	They have  the best   pineapple blueberry infused tequila to die for. This place rock I will totally be back again and again.
3	Service was great again one of my things that I'm big on is management visibility and touching the customer. Was quite sometime before I saw the manager on duty even though was in the bar area - happy hour going on left not to be seen again for awhile. Saw couple more times, but never seen visiting a table to just check and to say hi and thank you! This is a crucial part of building a customer's value in their visit.
5	Happy hour is VERY popular here. That is because their house margaritas ROCK and I am very picky about my adult slushy of choice.  The staff is ALWAYS friendly and sweet and I've stopped in here for lunch several times now. The music is always fun. Bar is open, comfy and inviting.  Burgers are high quality Angus beef and they seem to procure the juiciest, ripe yummy tomatoes for their plates. Wish we could substitute something other than fries as a side (without extra charges) for their sandwiches/burgers though would be my only comment.
5	Still loving their happy hours!!! The crab cakes are to die for, little spicy sauce gives them a kick. And wash them off with one or a few house margaritas!!! I also tried a few of their tequilas, they were iced cold, very nice. No more HH on weekends so remember good deal are M - F before 7:00pm.
4	Went back to the scene of the crime with a better date to try the food tonight after my ill fated attempt last visit. The Happy hour tacos are two for $3.50 and we tried all versions. I liked the shredded chicken version best and she was a fan of the steak ones. They all were very filling for the price. The chips were fresher this visit and the red salsa came out steaming hot and had a nice charred kick. I still like the green, but the gap is closing. Also, grab a $4 frozen margarita because it's very hot out and the booze in this version will sneak up and hit you on the way out. We had a very nice server too who was quite attentive.
5	Great happy hour! Margaritas were so good. And I really liked the bar tenders. They were super busy but always made sure we had everything we needed to keep our night going. Definitely going there again!
5	Fajitas were good and salsa has a great kick.  Good atmosphere and the test kitchen menu adds nice variety.
4	So first off it is extremely noisy so it is probably not the easiest place to have a quiet conversation however the food is really top-notch we had the crab cakes which you've seen in other reviews which is absolutely outstanding and my wife had the fish tacos I have three of them and they actually have a sweet taste I had a special chicken chili relleno which was excellent stuffed with a chicken and with a light fried I'm everything comes with rice and beans obviously extremely popular margaritas and tequila is so except for the fact that the noise level is very high I recommend it
4	Good happy hour and a great server today. Had slow service in the past but great today!
1	15 minutes no server showed up. Seat a table right next to us and server came right up to them. Keep your money
3	Look. If you like cilantro, and I mean REALLY like cilantro the this is the place for you. I hate cilantro and apparently it comes on everything and in everything. I felt the food was pricey yet mediocre. The Bloody Mary bar may be something I look into after I have eaten somewhere else. Like Taco Bell.
5	Two words: crab cakes. From the bangin' warm salsa to the delicious quatro leches cake this agave bar is my cup of tea. With half price appetizers and $2 off of tequila this is the perfect place for Happy hour.
1	Everything disgusting from the margarita of the month (chile mango) to the nachos with complimentary fingernails. Just say no!
1	We went with a large group from work on two different occasions. We called ahead and made reservations and both times the tables were not ready when we arrived. We also got poor service and it took forever to get our drinks, food and tabs. It was really disappointing.
3	SUPER long wait time for a table. We went on a Friday at about 5pm and had to wait about 45min for a table and there was hardly any room to stand.  The bar is located towards the front of the restaurant, which is smart but it's way too small during happy hour. They have a second bar towards the back but it's more for the people sitting in the patio area.  They have misters in the summer and heating lamps in the winter.  I didn't see anyone eating in the patio area tho, they were mostly drinking so I'm not sure if you can actually order food from there since the seating is more lounge(y) with no actual tables except for small coffee tables. As of Sept 16, 2014, they have  1/2 priced appetizers during Happy Hour, and $4.50 house margaritas, $3 Mexican drafts, and $4 house wine.  Food was pretty good - I would describe their menu as mexican-american.  If you plan on going during happy hour on a Friday, expect a wait or make reservations!
5	Found this place while on yelp looking for a Bloody Mary bar.  Not only did it have a awesome Bloody Mary bar but the ambiance and service was amazing.  We had a server named heather who went above and beyond and we were only having drinks.  Also the tequila in tap I pretty cool to .
5	I had the pumpkin crusted salmon dish.  It was so delicious!  Bursting with flavor and the right amount of food.  It's a little pricey at almost $20 but so worth it if you want to try it.  The ceviche was very good and tasted so fresh.  Carne asada and fish tacos were a big hit at our table.The Sangria was also a plus!  I'm a big sangria lover and the house made Sangria was fruity and had the right flavors.  It's worth the 6.75 a glass...Glad we came out to eat here and I'm sure we will be back!!!   I'm a new fan!
4	Amazing!!!! Mango margarita was amazing, the calamari is the best I have ever had. Went just for drinks and appetizers  with girlfriends but will be returning with my husband for actual dinner.  The fajitas smelled and looked great and service was on point!
1	Just a bad experience. Walked in, sat down in the bar area. Never greeted. Took 10 minutes to have a server finally come to our hightop and bring us menus. I actually had called the store and spoke to a host. Was in the process of asking her to send a server to my table. She arrived as I hung up, lol. She proceed to act like it wasn't her mistake but she would help us. By the way, only a handful of people in the restaurant. She forgot our check and took several minutes to realize her mistake. Server seems like a nice girl, just an awful server. We frequent TQLA because it in our neighborhood, but the service has always been poor. The food is okay and the Tqla is great. Just don't think we will be coming here any longer. We will make it a point to not recommended our friends here also. Too bad because it's a nice atmosphere. Work on customer service for future reference.
5	LOVE THE HAPPY HOUR.  My friend and I went for happy hour on a Friday night and the place was packed but we still managed to get seats at the bar.  The bartender was friendly and the atmosphere had a very modern vibe.  The ceviche was out of this world and was only $5 !!!!!!! It had big chunks of fish along with scallops and shrimp.  Best ceviche in the valley and it was ridiculously inexpensive.  Our entire bill was 15 and we had 2 margaritas, ceviche and guacamole with chips and salsa. The quacamole was off the charts too.  The margarita was refreshing and delicious as well.  I wished they had one in Ahwatukee.
5	I have been here 3 times and the food has been consistently good with great service.For appetizers I hear the ceviche is good (I'm not a ceviche person) but I personally love the duck tamale. The lunch menu has a blackened tilapia that is really good for a fair price.For drinks there are plenty of tequilas and margaritas that are mixed well.
3	I've never eaten here so I can't give a 100% on my review. We always come and have a few cocktails and shots and chill in the bar. I give it 3 stars because of our waitress September, but wanted to give 2 stars because its pricey for drinks only.
5	Five stars isn't enough...this place is awesome!
2	While in the area I made it a point to stop in for lunch. I'll have to say I really like this place but I had to send my food back after waiting right at 20 mins for it! It wasn't hot and the cheese had just reached its melting point, and served on a cold platter and the food wasn't hot! I decided not to eat today! Maybe another day! I did share with manager on duty! Again I can only say if there is a problem or concern ask to speak with a manager!!
3	This is one of the time I wish you could leave 1/2 stars.   Id give it 3.5 but not quite 4. It wasn't amazing but was slightly above average.  Went here for brunch with some friends and we had a seat at the bar.  The service was great no complaints there.  The food however was just ok. Not bad not great. I had the steak tacos and I think my overall favorite item was the black beans and the red salsa for the chips.  Is a bit in the pricey side for brunch so I guess I expected more flavor.  They are a tequila type bar so i have yet to sample their variety so can't really rate them on that.  We did order some margaritas and again they weren't bad just your typical margarita.   Overall service was good but experience was just ok.
4	Tried this place out with a girlfriend a few nights ago.  We had 2 appetizers and a tasty beverage.  The service was great and our apps were tasty.  This might be a good place to try for a girls night out.
5	First time for brunch. Good menu selection. Make your own Bloody Marys. Regular menu also available.
5	Amazing steak and carnitas fajitas, strong margaritas, and bomb salsa!  If the salsa sucks I won't go back, and the warm salsa here is fantastic.  No way this place is 3 1/2 stars.
3	I love the food here, I tried this place with my dad its not bad at all, a little loud sometimes but the food makes up for it, I love the ceviche here it's so good and very well made!
5	Love coming here, especially for the margaritas! They have an amazing happy hour and our server Ty was beyond amazing!  Will definitely be coming back!!
5	This place was busy but we were still able to get a table right away on a Saturday night. We had the guacamole to start and it was good, but the avacados could have been cut a little smaller. We had the chicken fajitas which comes with rice and beans. There is something special about the rice and beans. Can't place my finger on it but far from plain, lots of flavor. The fajitas are great and come with a garlic butter sauce which is amazing. I just dumped it on and they were delicious. Comes with all the fixings, sour cream, cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole, all fresh. We finished with the cuatros leches dessert which is like heaven. Loved my meal and I will be back!
4	I have been here 30 times if you live in the Val Vista Lakes or Gilbert in general it is a great place to have a drink.  The ambiance is good especially for the gilbert area and the outdoor patio is awsome as long as its not 110.  The food can be a little hit and miss but the fajitas with the Chipotle butter are awsome.  I literally get the steak and shrimp fajitas and a frozen margarita with a grand manier topper almost every time and it is always fantastic.  The chicken enchiladas or beef with the mole is also very good.  If you like bloody mary's they have a bar on sundays with like 30 ingredients and u make your own.
5	Excellent food and service.  Love this place!   We had the enchiladas with steak    The guacamole was yummy too.  This is now my favorite Mexican resturant!!!
4	We were excited about this place and it didn't disappoint.  We moved 2 months ago and have been here 4 times already!  The house margarita is fantastic.  They have a lot of great options for margaritas but we just can't bring ourselves to try something different.  They offer 2 types of salsa for dipping, one is red and served warm the other green. I've never had warm salsa but it's delicious!  The food is always good.  Make sure to check out the test menu, it is at the back of the menu.  It contains items they are considering adding the menu permanently and it contains some gems you don't want to miss.
