3	I'm never really sure what to think of Joe Mama's. Sometimes I really like it, and sometimes I'm sad I came. The late night menu is much smaller than Fuel and Fuddle and it's not open as late - which might be why it's easier to get a table than Fuel at night. The wait staff can be kind of rude - once we showed up at 11pm, we were told that we'd be seated at 11:30. They seated us at 11:55pm, and said "the kitchen shuts at midnight. You have to order now." It's an old school Italian place, with the peeing statues and everything. Another note: late night dishes don't come with salads, no matter what the menu says!Don't expect to be amazed, but sometimes, it just hits the spot.
3	I know you want to go because the idea of a conveniently located (to Pitt), big menued Italian place is hard to resist.  But it's nothing special.  The food is pretty neutral (can't even remember what I've ever eaten there), the atmosphere is big chain faking local place- complete with fake photos to "Joe" on the wall.  And it's not even cheap or fun as a late night Oakland spot. I know you want Italian food, but just take the bus to Southside or somethin' cause this isn't worth it.
1	I don't know how you screw up a grilled vegetable sandwich on focaccia bread, but they managed to do it. Slimey, undercooked with no flavour. Pizza was too bready. I wouldn't bother with this place. I don't even know how they call this Italian food, just bec. they put tomato sauce on it?
3	Half-price at 11 has won me over many times, as a college student. However, over the years their half-price menu has gotten smaller. My favorite - the gnocchi and pine nuts - was taken off of it, and I nearly cried (it is USUALLY that good). But if you're looking for quick service, don't come for half-price unless it's during a school break or you line up 15 minutes ahead of time.They don't have many beers on tap. Their cocktails, while interesting, can be pretty hit or miss (like a flat champagne cocktail!)... which also goes for their food. Sometimes you'll get a great pasta dish once and the second time it isn't as good as you remembered it.My new favorite is Monday's baked mac and cheese, and I always trust their appetizers to be delicious. We haven't tried the pizza, and again the pastas are unreliable. It's a great place for appetizers and cocktails with friends - they have pretty big tables, and can also do a buffet for special events. Desserts tend to be pretty tasty as well.The weekend brunch was pretty good, but the decor does not make for a good early morning get-together. It's pretty dark in there. Servers all tend to be really nice college students, who probably get ripped off by the other college students during half-price, so don't be surprised if you get a grumpy waitress at midnight.
3	Good ole' Joe Mama's. It actually does taste like joe's mama is kicking in the back. That is, home-made, yet average. Just like joe.Half-off at 11 is a solid choice and makes for a good variation if you're sick of the other places around Oakland. I like the style and character inside, and I particularly like the quiet upstairs that sits right on top of Forbes ave.I can't even remember what food was good, but any of the pastas, the baked ones like lasagnas and zitis, are pretty solid.
4	My dining experiences here have been pretty solid, contrary to the other reviews.  I've only come here once for Mangia Mondays and several times for half price after 11 pm.  I think the food is better than Fuel and Fuddle (although I am the only person I know who hates F&F food), and the drinks are tasty, too.Service is acceptable, and the decor is cheesy, but I come here for the food.  The only thing I dislike is the increasingly limited half price menu.  At least the prices are reasonable anyway.
2	Mediocre food and tacky decor would be the most generous way of describing this place.  Convenience to Pitt may be the only thing this place has going for it, and perhaps they're hoping that your average student isn't discerning enough to notice that everything else is lacking.My chicken parmesan was dry and bland, and it came with a side of heavily salted boiled or steamed vegetables (summer squash and zucchini.) So heavily salted that I'm retching a little thinking about them.  The waitress seated us under the air conditioner, and when we asked to move because were so cold, she commented on the fact that we weren't the first party she had to move as a result.  Why she couldn't have seated us elsewhere in the mostly empty restaurant is beyond me.  This place was a poor welcome to Italian food in Pittsburgh, and I can only hope my next experience is better.
1	Another example of bad Italian food in Pittsburgh.   Other reviewers have used "mediocre" but that's being kind.  The food is sub-par for a traditional restaurant.  I've had better at local bars that a "cook" working with only a microwave and deep fryer.   It all tastes pre-packaged and processed.  I guess the Pitt students like it for the price and convenient location.
4	Yummy!
2	its a alright place servers are wonderful but didn't quite enjoy the food
2	Joe Mama's is just lacking too many things.  There's a lack of atmosphere, lack of great food, and lack of great drinks.  The food is decent, but don't expect too much.  Overall, look elsewhere, there are better places very, very close by.The food is Italian, but pretty uninspired.  Olive Garden is better, and I really don't like Olive Garden.  The drinks are pretty standard cocktails, but not particularly strong or reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is ...annoying?  I'm not sure why I dislike it so much, but I do.  I think it's just weird to have a dinerish theme but be italian food.
1	1/2 price food - Yes.alcohol - yesitalian food - yesThat's all there is to say about this place. The food here is meh.... I've tried their pizza which is ok. I usually get the spaghetti and meatballs which is a half pound meat ball. And it's just 1 which pissed me off. You could at least put like 2 half pound meatballs on my plate. Seriously.
4	Dependable. Ask the friendly servers for recommendations. You could do way worse in Oakland. Try the roasted root salad!
3	The food is really great, but last time I checked the online menu I didn't see Nanna's gnocchi which was my favorite dish. The service is hit or miss. Joe Mama's is really the only sit down place in Oakland that doesn't make you feel like you're on a college campus even though you are.
2	Better choices nearby.
4	Joe Mama's has two great times to go.1) Late night half-price food. 11 PM. Your whole party has to be there to get a seat. Food selection is limited, but your meal ends up being about $5.  The martinis are pretty delightful, especially the espresso and the mini martini.2) Sunday Brunch. Starts at 10, doesn't get too busy until 12. It is an excellent alternative to the widely busy and popular Pamela's. Student brunch is a mere $10 and includes coffee. There are both breakfast (bacon, sausage, eggs, etc.) and lunch fare (pasta, subs, antipasti) offered.   Must-tries: frangelico french toast with blueberry banana sauce, tiramisu cups, and tortellacci with roasted red pepper sauce. It's all you can eat brunch buffet and worth every penny. The waitstaff on Sundays has always been great. Be warned, there is not a separate breakfast menu. It's brunch or be limited to the other tasty food choices.As for other times, Joe Mama's is okay. it is good to take family members who are paying for your food when they are visiting from out of town, as it is one of the only sit-down places in South Oakland that is family and palate friendly to all.  Joe Mama's lost me for a while when they got rid of Hug yo Belly Gemelli, but there are plenty of other satisfying items. If you want pizza, go to their sister restaurant Fuel n Fuddle a hop, skip, jump and away. They are very accommodating with pasta choices, as I  (along with many others) have asked for blush sauce or swapped a pasta type. Sure, it isn't the best Italian food place in the city, but the brunch and good memories of eating late night with friends there pushed me to give a 4 instead of a 3.
1	I probably had one of my worst restaurant experience here.I just graduated from college so a couple of my friends and I went there to have dinner. Some of my friends wanted to order a beer and they ended up showing up him their passport. Since all of us were international students it was obviously an international Passport. He looked at it and was like Pennsylvania law states that it has to be an US issued ID (basically non Americans are not allowed to drink in Pennsylvania although they have identification clearly proving that they are over 21).Since this was now a matter of principle, I pulled out my windows phone 7, went to the Pennsylvania state law website and proved it to him that international passports were indeed valid acceptable IDs. We would have walked out if it weren't for the fact that we had already ordered our food and places and it was getting late. He was rude to us for the rest of the night and it was a pretty bad experience for the seven of us who went there to celebrate graduating.Never ever going back there.
3	We came here for carb-loading the night before the half-marathon, after a handful of unimpressive visits in college.  (We figured that no one else would be carb-loading here, and would all be at my all-time-favorite pasta place, Spaghetti Warehouse, so we decided to take a chance.)All in all, the food was decent.  It was better than I remembered it from college, but I don't think I'd ever gotten a true pasta dish in those days, usually getting one of their meats with pasta as the side.We started with the calamari, which was good, if a bit small, and the antipasta skewers, which were a little disappointing.  They had cheese and olives, but no deli meat, as we were expecting there to be.  I would get the calamari again, but not the skewers.Each entree comes with a soup or salad, and they serve the salad family-style in a big bowl.  The salad was fresh, and the house Italian dressing was nice and tangy, but I think I would have preferred garlic bread to the thick focaccia chunks.My pasta entree was excellent.  I got one of their 'seasonal' dishes of penne pasta with spinach, artichokes, sundried tomatoes, and portabella mushroom strips.  It was in a garlic and olive oil sauce with big chunks of feta cheese.  This was exactly the type of thing that I needed the night before a race!My husband got bacon linguini in a gorgonzola sauce with sundried tomatoes.  He liked it, but I think it was a little too heavy in the cream sauce.  The flavors were great but he said it kind of sat in his stomach, so probably not the best pre-race pasta option!  :)We finished up with an order of the tiramisu, which was yummy and very unique.  Unlike your standard tiramisu, this one was served like a cappuchino, with a creamy topping (think the consistency and flavor of melted ice cream) and whipped cream on top of that.So, our visit to Joe Mama's was better this time around, but there are still definitely better options for pasta and Italian food in general in Pittsburgh.  If you're a student looking for a cheap Italian dinner where you don't need to take a bus to Bloomfield, you can check this place out.  They have half-price specials after 11, but I believe it is a limited version of their full menu.And, if you want a less-crowded place to carb-load before a Pittsburgh race, this is definitely a good option.  We were seated immediately, and the service was fast and friendly on a Saturday night.
4	The best:- roasted tomatoes- tiramisu- cocktails- waitstaff- goat cheese risotto- blackened chicken caesar salad- pizza- pasta (even when I make substitutions, I want those roasted tomatoes in everything)- artichoke dip
3	I was recently in town attending a conference and I had the opportunity to eat at Joe Mama's.  The food was good (not excellent) but I really like the atmosphere.Personally I would go back for three reason the beer (Yuengling), the atmosphere and the food (in that order)
2	Meh.  The food was ok... but I could've made better pasta.  The mozzarella they used didn't seem all that fresh to me and everything was sort of just mediocre.I do like the name of the place though.  Joe Mama's!
3	This was bigger than I thought with an upstairs, but for a quick meal that was Italian, you cannot go wrong. The restaurant itself inside feels night and something similar to what you would see a Bucca and other family Italian joints. My favorite part of the meal was definitely the wedding soup.This would be nothing I would bring home to my girlfriend's Italian home but it was good/okay. The prices were moderate and I would suggest the Wedding Soup if you were to want something small and quick.
2	I came here during oakland restaurant week and tried their spaghetti with their house salad for $5; the pasta was obviously cooked hours in advance making the texture pretty unappealing.  I could probably cook better pasta at home so I would skip their mainly pasta dishes (pretty sad for an Italian place). I've also been there for their half off appetizers at the bar, of which the bruschetta on foccacia bread was amazinggggly good.  however, it might have made me sick the following day, maybe they use their bruschetta mix for days at a time.  It was so good that I will give it another chance.  I also order their zucchini fries which came with ranch and were tasty except extremley oily and just drenched in grease.  The bartender was extremely friendly and the service was ... funny to say but heartfelt which is always a plus at any place you go.  I've also on another visit tried their eggplant parmesan which was incredibly greasy as well, I was so disappointed in it.  I find that places in Pittsburgh can stay afloat and in business in this city whereas in New York they wouldn't have a fighting chance.  This is sadly one of them where the quality doesn't live up to the Italian Deluxe I hoped it would be :(.  It is a great place to come with parents who are visiting for students, the interior decor is like an Italian diner, it is clean and nostalgic.  I wish I could give 2.5 stars.  their bruschetta is just that good.
3	We usually use Joe Mamas for large work gatherings because its one of the only places that is able to accommodate big groups in South Oakland. The service at Joe Mamas is always very good, but its a huge pet peeve of mine that they will not separate checks for bigger groups. They tell you this up front, though, so at least you can go prepared.Joe Mamas bar is probably my favorite part of the restaurant. They always have a few good beers on tap (I had Stone IPAs during our dinner).  Also, they have crazy cheap drafts during happy hour and a fun martini list if beer aint your thing (French Toast is my fave!)So, four stars for the bar. Unfortunately, the food at Joe Mamas is always pretty underwhelming. I have resorted to sticking to pizza, but nothing is mind blowing. Two stars for food. My husband got the Bacon Linguini, which was ok, but very salty and nothing special.I recommend Joe Mamas for a great happy hour joint, but stick to apps then catch dinner somewhere else.
1	Spinach wrap for lunch was disgusting. Weird, pasty sauce. Whole place seems kind of dirty. Booths need to be wiped down. Don't go here unless you're an undergraduate with low standards.
1	Went for lunch again for a meeting. Had the "gnocchi". Fucking disgusting. Same sweet, pasty garbage they put on the spinach wrap I'd had there previously. Also, gnocchi generally aren't rock hard, football shaped pucks of paste. Shit.
2	Everything here is kind of so-so.  It's an almost-Italian place with a hint of diner and a dash of college hangout.  While it straddles multiple genres, Joe Mama's manages to execute none of them successfully.  Sandwiches, pasta, Italian dishes, the brunch buffet...nothing here has ever wowed or impressed me.  Heck, nothing here has ever not disappointed me.  Most food items left me thinking "Wow, it's really easy to find a better version of whatever I just ate."  Nothing was specifically awful, but nothing was good either.
4	Fun atmosphere, mediocre service, good (not great) food.  Be sure to work out the check situation *before* you order.  Sometimes they get finicky and dividing things up.
2	Nothing special. Kind of a half-assed attempt to some reason mix Italian with a diner. The food is just okay, nothing stands out at all that would distinguish it from anywhere else. You can find better around here, especially for the price.
3	This is a good place to have a meal when visiting your student at Pitt.  A welcome break from dining hall food that will make your student happy without breaking the bank.  Traditional Italian menu, friendly service, moderate prices.  On a recent visit, my husband accidentally left his credit card at the restaurant, and was halfway across the state before he realized it. I called the restaurant and they were very nice about mailing the credit card back to us.  I would recommend Joe Mama's and plan to return next time we are in the 'burgh.
4	Love it here. Salad that comes with the meal is awesome, and so is the "hug yo belly" gemelli (when they have it, sometimes they are all out). All you can eat pasta mondays are definitely a plus. I've never had a bad experience here.
5	Everything was excellent, staff very good! Truely homemade pastas. this is not for people that are expecting a food chain see other reviews.
2	Apparently I will do anything for a well dressed salad.  Their salad is fantastic and so is the bread that comes with it.However, the first floor and bathrooms ALWAYS smell like sewage.  The last time I was there the ceiling was leaking and kept dripping on us and bc the restaurant was packed we had to demand to be moved to another table.  In fact, this restaurant always feels straight up dirty.The food is just 'alright,' but there are a few standout items like the omelette and the wedding soup.
3	Went to Joe Mama's for a best friend's birthday dinner with many friends, so we reserved a table for twelve. I ordered the Penne Sausage pasta, and while it was quite delicious, THE SERVICE IS SO BAD. :(Why don't any restaurants have good service and food? It's always one or other. Anyways, I digress. The italian food is good, the salads had very fresh succulent greens, and the sauces were very flavorful. My best friend recommends the chicken marsala pasta - he claims it was phenomenal. Our waitress was extremely rude, she was very apathetic to our needs and seemed impatient. She also seemed like she didn't like her job at all and just wanted to get out of it. What sucked was that we had to give a 20% gratuity for large groups! She only deserved like 10%. It's such a shame I can only give three stars. Four star food, but minus one star for absolutely horrible service. I will probably come again for the food since it is so good and put up with the service.
3	Typical Italian fare.  Nothing to write home about.  Had the eggplant parm which was good, but perhaps had a bit too much marinara sauce and was a bit soggier in consistency than I would have liked.  Otherwise tasted decent.  The service was good and the location is convenient for those living/working in Oakland.  Consider if you need decent Italian food in a pinch.
5	The service was outstanding (Get Heather if you can. She only works once a week...). We were seated quickly and had pleasant convo with our server. The appetizer and house salad came very quickly and were delicious. We ate eggplant parm (literally the best we've ever had) with a perfect crisp, and delicious Alfredo with whole wheat pasta. And we got a 4 bite tiramisu for free! This is my fav Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh.
2	Nice vibe to it but the food is just bland. Had spinach Alfredo pizza that lacked much taste. Very disappointed
2	I should have listened to my fellow Yelpers because this  place is not good. The service is okay, and it definitely has a cool diner vibe. But at the end of the day, the food leaves much to be desired. I ate an iceberg lettuce salad (the worst) and very bland shrimp scampi. My colleague had the heaviest looking lasagna I've ever seen. She called it microwave food. I called it a mistake.Several people in Pitt told me to eat here, so I went to the place despite it's bad Yelp reviews. Just don't, but if you do remember I warned you.
4	Joe Mamas offers pretty good food at a decent price. It's a great choice for college kids. They also recently brought back half-price, where parts of their menu are sold at half-price after 10 pm.
2	The service was friendly and relatively fast but the food was mediocre. Good prices and close to my hotel. Adequate if you need a quick, hot meal.
2	Typical college restaurant. Food was mediocre for me but a good choice for college kids.  Had the pizza and the artichoke dip.  It was recommended at not that good.
4	Loved their 1/2 pound meatball! And the place had a "Welcome NACURH" sign, so we just had to come in. The waitress was very friendly, and helped tell us places to see in the city.
2	It's a typical "Italian" restaurant I would say a step below Olive Garden because they're around the same price but they don't give you endless soup or bread sticksI've given this place a lot of tries but unfortunately I can't make myself to like it! The food is a bit too salty and there's really nothing special about it other than their cutesy dish names.
2	This was the second restaurant we checked out in the Oakland/Pittsburgh area. A university event was being held there so too many people in too small a place. But not to worry, no stars taken off for that since it wasn't the restaurant's issue.A buffet was set up with green salad, pasta with an alfredo suace, and another pasta dish with a marinara sauce.everything tasted like authentic, kitchen-made talian dishes (e.g. not out of a box or bottle, but ), so that was good. There was pizza too but I did not try it.The atmosphere wasn't great and I am not sure they had air conditioning which is brutal when it is hot and muggy out.I have no idea about the prices, and didn't even talk to a server...Would I go there on my own? Eh, maybe...just to give it another try in a different situation so I can experience it as a 'normal' customer.
4	I'm kind of sad that Joe Mama's is rated so low. My friends and I come here all the time, and we've never been disappointed - there's a reason we keep coming back and it's not just that Joe Mama's is affordable. When I brought a date here we shared an enormous salad and bowl of soup, and neither of us could believe just how good such a simple meal tasted. I even had a birthday dinner here and kindly look back on the memories of us sharing such amazing food together - we ordered all of their appetizers and just passed them up and down the table until they were gone.Want a cocktail or martini? Get one here; they're fantastic and are usually a little stronger than I expect them to be. Their sangria and beer selection? Also wonderful. Need an appetizer? Go for the bruschetta. Yum!Their menu changes a little bit throughout the year, but it's also reasonably varied. Pizza, pasta, sandwiches, salads, soups - it's all delicious. Their mozzarella and steak salad is one of the best things I've ever eaten (I wish they'd bring it back, but again: menu changes periodically) and I can't even praise their pasta enough.The servers have always been kind - very accommodating for my friends who can't eat gluten as well. I'm not fond of the actual entrance, which is tiny and results in traffic jams if people are trying to come and go all at once.I guess some people consider this place a lost cause - I consider it a favorite eatery and look forward to when I can return.
4	Not bad for me at all! Nacho Mama app was a hit with my group of 8, server was super friendly, and we were given free salad and dessert! Definitely comfort food- don't expect a ton of healthy options. Visited on a Thursday night in the early evening a couple months ago. My group was seated immediately in one of the upper areas, which was nice since we were a large group and the downstairs area seemed pretty loud and dark. Price tag ended up at about $120 with tax and tip if I remember correctly, or less than $20 per person. Especially appreciated the tip to visit the ice cream shop around the corner... it was amazing! I think it was called Dave and Andy's or something, but you'll know it by the big ice cream cone sign over the entrance. Perfect dessert :)
4	My friend and I cruised in here after a long flight. It was about 11pm and the place was crowded. There were some specials going on. We got drinks, salads, garlic bread, and super delicious meals that included spaghetti. I was so happy we chose this place. It was great on the service, the food, and the atmosphere. I would come here again.
4	I came here on a friend's recommendation.  We sat at the bar and had a pleasant surprise of an evening.  The bartender was skilled and top notch.  Cocktails were made to perfection and were treated as an art.  Delicious and beautiful.  I had a gin and tonic and a house special cocktail.  We ordered a pizza to share and loved the heavenly crust.  Warm, chewy, and perfectly complemented by the pizza toppings.  Crust definitely stole the show!  We split the pizza half-half with sausage/green pepper as well as bbq chicken.  Sausage/green pepper was the winner.  We also got side salads - a massive bucket of greens for only $1 with an entree!  More than enough food to go around.  For dessert I had the tiramisu: it was served in a coffee cup and although its ingredients seemed quite simple (pudding, whipped cream, etc) it came together perfectly and I couldn't have asked for anything more.  I had to be rolled back to the hotel with a happy belly I'm still thinking about days later!
4	I love Joe Mama's.  I have eaten here 3 times in the past few years and would love to go back next time I am in the city.  Great old school atmosphere/decor, fantastic food and drinks.  The service always great.  Cozy.
4	This is a nice, quaint restaurant and all of the servers and bartenders are great. I always receive excellent service and they have great drinks! The New Burgh Sour is a novelty that uses Wigle whiskey and tastes amazing! All of the bartenders are experienced and willing to attempt any new drinks if you ask them.They also have good food for the price. I've never been disappointed with their pizza or pasta dishes.Great restaurant to try out if you've never been there!
2	Things started out pretty well; on a Friday night at 6, the wait was only 15 minutes. Pretty much everything was downhill from there, though. They put us in a cozy area downstairs, which was fine, except that they essentially forgot about us. The salads came after the food, only because I reminded the waitress that we never got them. It took the waitress about half an hour to come get a dessert order, and then another half hour to flag her down to get the check. Then another 20 minutes for her to come get the card. It's now been 15 minutes, and I still haven't seen her again. The food was actually pretty good, and would have earned the place 3 stars, but a hair in the food bumped it down notch.
4	I have 2 kids at PITT.  About 5 years ago when my son went to PITT we tried Joe Mama's and were not impressed.  My daughter when visiting my son said she went and it was good so we gave it another shot and it was great.  We now eat there every time we are at PITT.   1st the food is relatively cheap and the portions big enough.  Most meals come with a salad and bread is included.  The salad is family style and I really like their dressing.  My family has tried numerous items on the menu and they were all good.  For appetizers get the calamari.  In regards to dinner you cannot go wrong.  This past week we ordered a shrimp dish with pasta in vodka sauce.  I always stay away from those because usually the shrimp is over cooked.  Not in this case the shrimp was cooked to perfection.  I would also recommend desserts.  Where can you feed 5 people, with 2 appetizers, 5 meals, 3 desserts, 4 sodas for about $100 before tip?
4	I have been to Joe Mamas about a dozen times. Everything I have had there is good. Nothing that is going to knock your socks off, buts its a good place to grab lunch in the middle of the week or grab dinner late on weekends. For lunch I usually order the caprese wrap which is good and probably the healthiest thing on the menu. The soup is good and I think the pizza is very good. The prices are reasonable and they have a full bar if you need it.
4	I've had better, but I can't complain either.  My most recent visit here I ordered a burger and fries.  Simple right?  Well simple is what I got.  All I got was the burger and the bun.  That's it, nothing else.  To say that it ended up being dry is an understatement.  Of course when you get it to go, you don't realize these things until well after you end up at home, it's kind of a bummer.  Yes, I know I could add my own condiments, but what about the lettuce, onion, tomato, etc.?  I don't always have those readily available.  Also, I know they are sister restaurants with the spot next door, but the burger was made identical to the one next door, it needed it's own identity.  The fries were less than impressive as well.  Oh well, I should have stuck to what they are known for, Italian food, not a burger (I should have known, my prior visits I stuck to the pasta dishes).As for what the inside looks like, I love it.  There is more than enough ample seating on multiple floors.  I like sitting upstairs when you can.  Not sure why, but it always seems like a different atmosphere up there.  I do like that they have the bathrooms downstairs as well, doesn't get in the way.I'll be back for sure, but not any time soon.
3	There's a Sunday brunch special for $11 all you can eat brunch buffet. Being a food junkie, I had to try it out. Overall, I wasn't too impressed. The food was decent, but nothing special. They have your usual breakfast food: bacon, eggs, sausage, French toasts, croissants, yogurt, fruits and sweet pastries. There were also pizza, chicken salad, and pasta. The selection wasn't too bad and I don't have much to complain about that, but the set up was a little confusing. Instead of concentrating the food in one place, they scattered the food stations all throughout the restaurant. It was just too cramped and difficult to get to the food.Just a note though, I tried their pizza pies and really enjoyed that. They offer 1/2 off large pizza pies between 4-5pm daily, so about $5 for a large pizza filled with your favorite toppings. I got their pesto chicken and meat lovers pizza. The pesto chicken was soaked with olive oil and pesto sauce, topped with grilled white meat chicken and slices of tomatoes. The meat lovers pizza was covered in crunchy bacon, pepperoni and chunks of italian sausage. Definitely recommend the pizza pies if you're in the area because they're so cheap!
4	Best Italian food I've had in a while! I'm not sure about their other menu items, but I ordered the prosciutto pizza and it was amazing. My husband had the spaghetti with the big meatball and it was great as well! For dessert we had the orange chocolate cannoli which was wonderful! The orange balanced the richness of the filling perfectly. And we got it all for the right price! Very affordable! The service was great and very friendly! We'll definitely be coming here again!
4	Really delicious, full service meal.  Service was great, actually better than great.We started with the bruschetta and zucchini sticks.  The portions for the appetizers were large and had plenty for a table of 4.  The salads included with the entree were good, a nice mix of greens and spinach with a tasty house Italian dressing.  I personally had the shrimp with linguini and it was really good.  We also ordered a big meatball to try and that was just pretty much OK when it comes to meatballs.  I would rate the meatball a 6.5 out of 10, but maybe I am a meatball snob. I would definitely return to this place to try some of the other entree's.  The pricing was reasonable and the service does not get much better than we had.
4	Good pizza. I got to prosciutto and fresh mozzarella pizza and it was divine. Got a meat lovers and chicken pesto too. All three had rave reviews.S had a Bloody Mary and I had a sangria while waiting. S said the Bloody Mary was good. My sangria was white wine and tasted all peachy/mango-ish....sorry, but that is not sangria!Prices were spot on and staff was friendly and efficient.I will definitely go back when I am in Pittsburgh.
1	This place is terrible, there food was cold and i had an undercooked chicken it was horrible the quantity on my plate was very low the pricing is crazy too overpriced absolute bad dinner
5	I'm from Philly and was in Pittsburgh about ten years ago.  The bartender across the street at Primanti's wouldn't serve me.  All I wanted was a sandwich and a beer.Anyway, I walked over to Joe Mama's and ate the best stuffed pork chop I ever had in my life.  The young waitress was attractive, friendly, and good at her job.  Highly recommend this place.
4	While passing through Pittsburgh to visit colleges, my parents and I decided to stop at Joe Mama's for dinner. While the restaurant's walls adorned with many celebrities' signatures make one assume it is a restaurant of extremely high quality, it was nothing special. The calamari that we ordered was good, but fairly salty, and the bruschetta was overly sweet. The entrees were much better, but the pizza was slightly on the greasy side. Their chocolate cobbler was good, and one desert could easily be shared among the three of us. While it was not a bad meal, it wasn't a place I would expect seeing anyone special in, as the walls seem to claim.
4	I sat at the bar and had great service.  Food was ok, but the bartenders were very friendly and chatty.I'm sure that I'll go back when I'm in town.
4	In town for a night, walked by cute, eclectic 50s diner look - but then what Italian food?! Fresh ingredients in salads, tasty marinara sauce, crispy calamari, giant meatball! Should have asked for dressing on the side of my blackened chicken pasta salad - kind of drowning the lettuce. But all ingredients were fresh and yummy. Hard not to fill up on home-made focaccia. Polite and knowledgeable wait staff, cute inviting atmosphere. So far, it's one of the best parts of Pittsburgh!
2	This food at this place is not good. I really wanted to like this place - the atmosphere is nice, service seems fine, and there's never a wait even at half price time (although I guess I know why) but both times I came here the food was just bad.The first time I came here it was for lunch and I got a vegetarian spaghetti dish with vegetables (that I now no longer see on their menu hmm...) and while it was tolerable it was by no means good. It was really lacking flavors and the vegetables just felt thrown in. The second time I came here for dinner and got the gnocchi and this one was really bad - almost inedible. Normally I can scarf down the food if I am hungry enough, but after a few pieces of this I really couldn't eat it. It's somewhat difficult to describe what was wrong with it - the sauce had a very strong flavor and it wasn't a good one.Since I clearly didn't enjoy the food, the last time I came here was a while ago. I would be willing to come back to see if the quality has changed since I last showed up since the menu does appear a bit different. I would definitely not get a pasta dish though.
4	Great value and casual diner experience. Love their pizzas! Be ok with young people or go somewhere else!!
4	I've been disappointed with my first few casual meals at the restaurants on Pitt's campus.  Joe Mama's finally gave me and my family something to write home about.We all tried something different and all had favorable comments.  My son devoured his capicolla and egg sandwich with a big thumbs up.  My wife's roast beef special was tasty although it could have used a stronger horseradish sauce.  My meatball mozzarella sandwich was large and moist with plenty of cheese.  The only complaint was that our calamari appetizer was a bit salty.  Service was friendly and prompt and the cost was very reasonable.Our waitress was very welcoming and gave us good advice on where to pick up a few items we needed for my son's dorm room.  We will return on future visits to Pitt and try a few other menu options.
2	I took a speaker to lunch here the other day.  I suggested either here, Spice Island, or Panera, and the speaker opted for here, based on the food description.  I was actually secretly happy with this decision, since it'd been over two years since I'd been here, and Joe Mama's was on my "want to review but can't write a fair assessment until I go back, since I can't remember details" list.Unfortunately, this experience reminded me why I haven't gone out of my way to eat here for so long.  In terms of food quality, this place is like an Italianized version of Eat'n Park.  I ordered the gnocci, which was described as having sun dried tomato sauce with basil pesto and pine nuts.  Sounds pretty appealing, right?  Well, it wasn't.  The gnocci was soft and overcooked, and not al dente like I like it.  The sauce, which sounded great on the menu, had a weird bitter flavor.  I just finished eating the leftovers for lunch today, and these problems were exacerbated to the point that I ate the gnocci without much of the sauce (I don't like to waste, but it was so awful I ended up throwing out most of the sauce and pine nuts).  The dish came with a huge salad (similar to the type you'd get at the Olive Garden), which came with a couple slices of bread (not exactly sure of the type--maybe faux foccacia)?  While the bread tasted decent the day of, it was hard as a rock today, except for in the middle.  I hate to say it, but I've had better food at the Olive Garden.The speaker ordered the salmon entree, which comes with linguine and broccoli, and seemed to enjoy it.  (Then again, she was starving due to lack of breakfast and was a visitor, so was probably trying to be polite, etc...)  The one time I came here before for lunch, I ordered a salad, which was okay but nothing memorable.Service was pretty lackluster, despite it being a slow time.  One thing I noticed was how dirty the place seemed to be (we were seated downstairs).  As much as I and others like to hate on E'n P, at least it's clean!  Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for Joe Mama's.Based on my experience, let's just say I'm in no rush to come back anytime soon.  If I did return, however, I think I'd stick to the pizza and alcoholic beverages.EDIT: This business closed at the end of Oct. 2014 and has been reopened with a new menu under new ownership as Olio Trattoria (see my review for that business).
4	I always order the same dishes and I am never disappointed: the small mac and cheese and one meatball (just one big meatball) or a full dish of mac and cheese. I cannot give any recs regarding the rest of the menu because I haven't tried anything else.Except the bar: Not Your Grandma's Iced Tea is awesome. At least for me. Plus the servers and the staff in the bar are nice, which makes this place super awesome any time of day. Plus the restrooms are clean which is very important at least to me.FYI I have dinning in this joint since 2006.
5	Beef lasagna was delicious. I was recommended this place by a friend and I'm glad I tried it.
1	Extremely mediocre. I got the chicken Parmesan sandwich that came with fries. Chicken was poorly seasoned fries had that freezer dried texture. I could only choke down about a quarter of this absolutely abysmal food. All in all, if you want to blow an evening out along with about 20 bucks (per entree), this is your place.
4	Joe Mamas is a great place to go for comfort, home cooked Italian. I typically get the same dish, which is the Almond crusted chicken which is very filling and reasonably priced for the amount of food given. Additionally, the service is always great
