4	Even as a vegetarian, I felt REALLY silly ordering "orange wheat gluten" or "sesame soy protein". But their vegetarian menu is fantastic! I'm happy ordering veggies and tofu and Asian restaurants. But I really miss sesame chicken, and I can get it at China Palace! The food itself is every so slightly above par. It's a little sweet, but not too oily. I can't vouch for their meat dishes, as the person I went with is also veg. They really manage to create satisfying, typical Chinese dishes, with meat substitutes that would fool most meat eaters.It's definately expensive, we paid $40 for three entrees and a salad. And there's other Chinese food that's just as good for less money. But for vegetarians who miss "typical" dishes, China Place is so the place to go!
4	Yumm-eeee!  I don't care if the previous reviewer thinks that this place is Americanized Chinese food--I love it!    As I've said on other reviews, I like my food kind of plain, so I love the Sesame Chicken or the Chicken Broccoli.  I figure that if a place can get the basics right, then they can do the more complicated dishes.  My husband Rick likes his food a little spicier.  His favorite is the Kung Pao Shrimp.  Once when I was feeling bold, Rick and I split an order of Crispy Whole Fish with Homemade Spicy Hunan Sauce.  Spicy?  I think I saw through time after trying it!One dish I'm going to try someday is Three's Company.  No, it does not feature Joyce DeWitt, John Ritter, or Suzanne Summers.  It is  Lemon Chicken, General Tso's Chicken and Chicken with Vegetables.  For the vegetarian-inclined, they have Soy Protein with Cashew Nuts, Soy Protein with Curry Sauce, and Wheat Gluten with Garlic Sauce.  Uh, no thanks!  I'll stick to my chicken dishes!  China Palace features a full bar, but since I'm a diabetic, I usually stick to my tea.  Plus my drink of choice (Bailey's with Coffee) probably would not go well with Chinese food!  On the whole, China Palace is a place for wonderful Chinese food and definitely worth a visit if you are in the area.Now should I try one of their other specialties, Three Afire?
2	This was my first Chinese food experience here in Pitt, and I've gotta say, guys, I wasn't impressed.  This was also the first time in my life I've ordered from a Chinese restaurant where the lady taking the orders and the delivery guy were white.  Odd.  I suppose, then, I shouldn't have been surprised by the food.  My Moo Shu Chicken was mostly cabbage.  The pork dumplings were all dough, and the dough was very thick and unappealing.  To end on a good note, though, the hot and sour soup was both hot and sour, which you don't always find.
4	China Palace offers both Americanized Chinese Food and more authentic style dishes.  A good portion of their menu is populated by items such as General Tso's Chicken and Moo Shu Chicken, but there are also more authentic dishes such as Szechuan Water Boiled Beef (shui zhu nio) and Yu xiang Eggplant.  Personally I have to say the Water Boiled Beef is both the best Water Boiled Beef I've had in Pittsburgh and also the best dish I've had at China Palace, I like all my spicy dishes with extra spicy.  Their Americanized offerings are also cooked pretty well, definitely better than take out restaurants.Contrary to popular belief, China Palace actually has a Taiwanese owner and not an American owner.China Palace is nice as you can go there with people with more Americanized palates if you have a more Asian palate, or vice versa, and you can please everyone.Prices run from around 9 dollars to upper teens for some of the chef's specials.Highly Recommended.
1	The food here was greasy, uninspired and bland. The mockmeat "chicken" was too chewy and the dish felt oily and heavy. It was something I grew tired of in a matter of five or six bites.I was also disappointed that they don't serve brown rice.The service was friendly enough, though. Not to be recommended unless you're desperate.
2	Ordered Peking duck for delivery at 5:30 yesterday.  I was told it would take 45 minutes, but the food did not arrive until after 7:00.  I had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot.  The duck itself was not that great; the skin (usually the best part of the duck) was soggy instead of crispy and the meat lacked flavor.  If anyone knows a place in Pittsburgh that serves good Peking duck, please message me.
3	For a quick, decent Chinese place in Shadyside, check out China Palace.  You get what you expect, it's fast and not too expensive.  I've only had delivery, but when I want Chinese food I've never had any surprises.At the end of the day, you get what you pay for.  As for delivery in they area, it's decent enough.
3	I think I actually want to give China Palace four stars, but I am not sure yet... I avoided this place for awhile because of its generic sounding name. Once I saw the extensive menu, with vast vegetarian selections, I realized that there is hope for a vegetarian in need of a quick fix. And I have found the food to be well above average American-Chinese takeout . I really like the chewy consistency of their soy protein. I am a fan of chewy...I know it's not for everybody. They do have brown rice! At least, they do now, and it's mighty good. A little chewy, too. Last night, I tried the "Sizzling Sensation" wheat gluten (mock beef). The sauce was not as spicy or peppery as I would have liked, but it was flavorful and the texture of the gluten was pleasantly soft and chewy (not as hard as the soy protein, though my dining companion who is not a fan of the chewy likened it to gristle). I also had the broccoli with garlic sauce, which is the dish I usually count on in Chinese fare, and it was a delicious compliment to the other dish. Unlike the broccoli and garlic sauce of most places, the broccoli was not swimming in goop and it actually tasted garlicky and even tangy. The broccoli was crisp and fresh. The meal was entirely satisfying and I will order both of these dishes again. Speaking of dishes, one entree that I can warn against is the "Taro Bowl A-La-King." Looks and tastes as if cooked in dish water... If you do not like greasy food, order from the selection of steamed dishes, or "weight watchers" items. That goes for just about anywhere! Delivery from China Palace has been quick in my experience, almost unbelievably so! In-house service is also quick and notably friendly.
3	My husband and I ate lunch here--actually, it was our first meal in our new home of Pittsburgh.I really expected it to be better than it was.  It was cheap, fast, and the service was good but the food just didn't wow me.  There was nothing WRONG with it, but it was just middle-of-the-road americanized Chinese lunch special.  (Which I suppose I can't complain about, since I knew that when I ordered it.)That being said, this Chinese place has an amazing vegetarian selection!  I'm not just saying that because I moved from Omaha, beef capital of the universe.  I ordered General Tso's tofu for lunch--and I could have ordered General Tso's soy protein!  Ha!I would come back here, maybe, if I was looking for a quick bite in Shadyside.  But for now I think I'll stick to trying other Chinese places in the 'Burgh.
3	Its americanized, but pretty tasty! I love the fried rice and usually just get that. We were getting takeout once and waited at the bar, and the bartender gave us free tastes of the lychee cocktail while we waited! And that was tasty too!Its also never crowded, its quiet and the service is consistently not bad. All that being said though, there isn't really anything special about this place. Its just kind of...eh... Best as take out.
5	If you like authentic Chinese food like me, you will love this place. I am actually surprised to see all these negative reasons here.I guess the trick here is that they have both authentic food and Americanized food. I never tried the Americanized dishes but the Chinese ones are decent. I always just order their specials, which are listed on the first page of their menu.My favorite dishes are: Chinese style mapo tofu, Beijing duck (you need to order it ahead), fish with the spicy sauce (The spicy flavor does not just come from the spicy dry red peppers but also sichuan peppers. It has a special tingling flavor and will make you feel like your tongue is on drug.),  and the pork stir fry with bamboo shoots.
1	People who reviewed this place as being GOOD... obviously retain the taste buds of a snake (fyi: snakes have no taste buds).Came here with my parents while we were scoping out apartments for me to live in. Wanted to go to Pamela's, but the line was too long so we walked a few doors down to China Palace. I was REALLY wary because I did a quick Yelp search before we walked in, but my dad insisted that it was probably "not that bad".Here's what we ordered:- Cheese wontons (Um... they literally just fried american cheese in the wontons. Who does that?! It's supposed to be CREAM CHEESE!! And they gave us some disgusting mustard sauce to dip it in.)- Chicken Lo Mein- Beef Lo Mein- Shrimp and Broccoli w/ Sweet and Sour Soup (The soup was the most disgusting texture of I-don't-know-what. Needless to say, that was left untouched.)Let's just say, not only did it take 30-40 minutes to get our food (for food that was of LESSER quality than Chinese takeout), the food itself was just utterly disappointing... A complete travesty to Chinese cuisine. It was bland, yet greasy and MSG-ridden (if that makes any sense). Not only that, they also didn't have BEEF CHOW FUN (ok, so whoever claims this restaurant serves "authentic" Chinese food clearly has no clue on what they're talking about). And the kicker? It came out to about $32 + tip for food that we DIDN'T even finish half of. We literally just got up mid-meal when we overheard the table behind us complaining about how they found a dead fruit fly in their bowl of rice.DO NOT GO HERE!!! ... unless you're a snake that is.
3	This place was "OK," but I probably wouldn't go back. Food was kind of low end Chinese although service and atmosphere were fine. Not really bad, just not good either.
3	Moving from the Midwest, I was pumped when I found this place at their former location in Squirrel Hill and discovered their vast vegetarian menu. General Tso's soy protein is a winner, although a bit sweet. They retained their veg menu at their Shadyside site and it's the same. Lunch is the way to go here--very expensive otherwise. Beware of soup--kind of got congealed in transit. Overall, this place holds a special place in my heart as it's very veg-friendly. However there are better Chinese places in PGH.
2	We used to visit this place most every time we went to Pittsburgh.   The menu has change and so has the food  I ordered off the lunch lunch special and the Kung Pao Chicken was average at best and the egg roll was horrible.  My friends has water chestnuts with black spots in their dishes.  We shall not be going back there.
4	I liked it.  Huge portions, not too expensive, and it's really nice inside.  I like my cheesy general tsos, what can I say.  It's not cuisine, but if you want a big fat plate of sweet and sour pork in a relaxed ambience it's great.I'm psyched that they deliver.
4	The portions are huge. Reasonable price. The fish I ordered was decent.
4	Best Chinese restaurant before Chuan Ba Wang on forbes ave. was open. I don't know why American people like to eat American Chinese food. If u like Chinese food, u should go to the restaurant which provide real food not just cheese or something. U will never find cheese in the real Chinese food. So if u like cheese please go to wendy's to order a burger.
3	I've passed by this place on Walnut Street many times without so much as a glance.  But when I returned to Pittsburgh after a trip to DC, I was tired and hungry.  I remembered I had an All Menus coupon for takeout, and China Palace was one of the participating restaurants.This is the friendliest Chinese eatery for a Pittsburgh vegetarian/vegan.  There are tons of dishes with wheat gluten and soy protein in addition to the more standard tofu.  They even offer veggie shrimp on the menu.I ordered a spinach and seaweed salad, and the Sizzling Sensation, which is wheat gluten and stir-fried vegetables in a very peppery sauce.  The salad was pretty much what you'd expect, and the Sizzling Sensation definitely perked up my taste buds.  I usually love black pepper, but this was a little much for me.  The vegetarian dishes aren't cheap, running around $12-15 for an entree, though the minimum order for delivery is $12.  The portion size provides at least 2, if not 3, servings.I should also note that I placed this order on Super Bowl Sunday and wouldn't have been surprised if it arrived later than my requested delivery time--but it even arrived a few minutes early.
4	Mmmmmm, great Chinese food here!   My dad and I came here for dinner last night after finding out that Jimmy Tsangs had closed.  Rick had to teach a night class and Mom had a meeting to go to.  Besides, I hadn't been here since my last review.  Yeah, I know the chow here is Americanized Chinese food.  Who cares--it's great stuff!  Now when eating Chinese, you should never begin by diving in to your main course right away.  First you've gotta have some soup and some egg rolls!  Dad and I both began with some r-e-a-l-l-y good hot-n-sour soup.  Man, that was good-n-bold.  Warmed my insides right away!  Now I know that vegetable spring rolls are supposedly better for you.  Yeah right--what's a great Chinese dinner without some good old fashioned egg rolls?  I like to put a spoonful each of sweet-n-sour sauce, duck sauce, and hot Chinese mustard on my plate, dipping my egg roll in a different one with each bite!  I love the names of some of their specialties here, including the Triple Crown, Three Afire, Sizzling Trio, and the Royal Match.  Feeling a little adventurous--and why not:  the old man was paying--I went for the Jaded Affair.  Yum, scallops and shrimp marinated in white sauce.  Usually seafood isn't my first choice.  My dad went for the Kung Pao Chicken.  I've got to give him credit--how a guy his age can eat that and not reach for the Mylanta is beyond me!
2	I like Chinese food.  Americanized or authentic, from the streets of Wuhan or a plaza in Monroeville, I have enjoyed it.  In light of that, China Palace on Walnut Street is... well... kind of okay.The positives: The vegetarian menu has an especially good selection.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I usually order from that menu just because it's something different.  The food isn't terrible, either, but it's not great.  It's also usually easy to get a table (last time I went there, I tried to go to Pamela's first, but it was a Saturday afternoon, so there was no hope of getting in.)  Oh, and the lunch special pricing is not bad at all.The negatives:Dim lighting that makes me want to sleep.  It's not romantic, just dim.The only waitress I've had there is pretty rude.  She's just not cut out for waiting tables, or interacting with people in general.  My minimum tip is $5, even at the cheapest places.  She got $1.60, because she didn't do the minimum amount of customer service I require to give my minimum tip.The food is only okay.  All in all, if you're on Walnut and you can avoid China Palace, try something else.  You won't HATE your experience here, but it won't be memorable, either.  I will probably return, though, for the cheap lunch specials, but that's because I'm moving out of country soon and I need to save every penny I can, not because I really love the place.
3	Okay, I'll toss this place one extra star.  I guess I shouldn't let one bad (repeatedly bad, though,) server kill the whole place's reputation.The reason I gave in?They use legit-style Tofu! Oh mercy me, I'm gettin' the vapors just thinkin' about it!I have to give them credit for that.  Also, the reasonably-priced lunch special really saved the day on a hungover Saturday morning.BUT let us not think the entire picture has changed.  I'd like to dock them half a star if I could, because they charged me $2 for an egg roll! Insaaaaaane! It wasn't even that good.
4	I only go to two Chinese restaurants in Pgh and this is one of them. They offer an impressive Vegetarian Menu with soy protein, wheat gluten, and tofu. They have a nice lunch special too that features several dishes from their regular veg menu, including vegetarian hot and sour soup.The atmosphere is nice and the place looks much nicer inside than you would expect from the outside. The waitstaff is both nice and attentive and because I eat here a lot, they remember me. My boyfriend is neither vegan nor vegetarian but almost always orders soy protein, his favorite is the Orange Soy Protein. I recommend the Kung Pao Soy Protein for lunch and Shredded Heaven for dinner. Seriously, you need to try the Shredded Heaven. It's comprised of wheat gluten (seitan), tofu, bamboo shoots, and an assortment of other awesome things.
2	General tso's chicken... was bad... just bad... too soy saucy... it needs more tanginess... It didn't taste the way that it should be... I am never going to order their General tso ever again. Never ever whatsoever!
4	After searching around Pittsburgh for the kind of Chinese food that can fill the void for Golden Chopsticks in Wheeling, I finally had a stroke of luck and found this place based on another Yelper's review. As a vegetarian, having so many options in one restaurant can be quite novel. Their menu is extensive, for both meat and vegetarian dishes. Oh, and the soups! There's veggie wonton, egg drop, corn soup, and vegetarian hot and sour! JOY! The entrees list is far too long to get into, but I'll say that proteins include tofu and soy protein "meat". My personal favorite and go-to entree is kung pao soy (it is really good with extra spice if you like that sort of thing) and veggie wonton and egg drop soups are my favorite. A nice pot of tea accompanies your visit and the entree potions are large enough to share if you are in the sharing mood. They also have a large lunch menu that includes a big portion of the dish you order and a soup.The atmosphere at China Palace is pretty relaxed and calming, with minty green walls and dark cherry-stained chairs. The dining room is spacious and can easily accommodate groups of 10-12. Vegetarians, if you are feeling unsure about what is in your dish, look for the manager (owner maybe?) who seems to be a constant fixture there and who has a complete knowledge of the menu items. He'll gladly quell your fears and help you out with trustworthy information.
4	I live a couple minutes walk from this place so I find myself coming here for lunch or dinner often when I'm in the mood for Chinese food.  The servers are nice and good service is always important to me.  I haven't tried many of their dishes as I always tend to order the same dishes but its a good place for Chinese food in shadyside.  The lunch specials are a great deal and I do like the interior of the restaurant.  It's pretty much straight forward American Chinese food, not amazingly authentic or true to actual Chinese cuisine, but good enough for our western taste buds.
4	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in town. Great location, great veggie options. Every meal I have eaten there has been tasty.  Only 2 things that bother me, the hot and sour soup is TOO hot. I can't eat it. And it's not easy to find a parking space. Lots of driving around to find a spot. But the restaurant is definitely worth checking out.
5	I will say this is as good as it gets for vegetarian Chinese food! Plus they deliver to my apartment.I got the Kong Pao Wheat Gluten & Veggie Lo mein. It wasn't excessively spicy, but enough to make it flavorful. I ordered this for myself....I had a HUGE plate of both with some white rice & a spring roll. I literally still have enough for 2 more meals. With a total of $22.50, it was the best quick & tasty Sunday dinner for a non-meat eater!
3	My husband and 2 yr old daughter went there for a lunch. We arrived at noon and the place was complete empty, but we witnessed a transformation as it got full by the time we left. The staff was helpful and prompt to bring a straw for my daughter to have her water. We shared a palace duck, which consists n boneless strips of duck with stir fried veggies (broccoli, baby corn, bamboo, the usual) covered with sauce. It was not memorable but definitely heartwarming and a good choice for a quick Sunday family lunch. We also had fried pork dumplings for appetizer and egg drop soup, which were average.The general Tso chicken we spotted on another table seemed to be a popular choice and looked tasty; next time we will try that one for sure.
2	This place can pass as average if you order the right thing.  I have taken out from here about a dozen times in the past year mainly because it is so convenient to my place but after trying their sweet and sour chicken this last time I will probably stay away for now (soggy/slimy, not very appetizing or tasty).  Entrees like chicken with any kind of veggies/mushrooms are okay.  Price is not bad.  Why is it so hard to find a good chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh?
2	Was there at a busy time -- Mother's Day dinner -- and the service was poor, with a waitress who did not ask specifics and was slow to deliver things like hot mustard and kept us waiting for our order for over an hour.  Not all her fault.  And, the food was ordinary.  Not bad, a little tasteless, but why bother?
2	What has happened to this place? Used to be delicious, but something's changed! Rude host...pointed us to a table (of course the personal cell phone BS going on with a friend was far more important) for a noon lunch, in a nearly empty restaurant. Nor good signs and we should have walked out then. We started with a bland egg roll. Moved on to fair won ton soup. Entrees of cashew chicken and Kung Pao chicken, both on brown rice we're disappointing. Left us both wishing that we had gone for Thai food down the street instead! Save yourself and opt for one of the other fabulous dining experiences in Shadyside!
4	Good food.  They use good ingredients and present dishes well.  If they weren't in Shadyside, which peaked 40 years ago, they'd get the acclaim they deserve.
1	The worst chinese food I've had. I got the General Tso's Chicken and it came dry and very not spicy at all when I asked for extra spicy. Panda Express is better.
1	In sum, we ordered take out here a few days ago. There were bugs in my egg drop soup. Nuff said.Usually, I write these long reviews. Not today. I ordered two orders of soup Hot and Sour and Egg Drop. I only eat the Hot and Sour the night we ordered our take out. I specifically ordered the Egg Drop to have for lunch yesterday. Fortunately for me- I noticed the bugs prior to eating. Looked like a bunch of fruit flies made their way into the soup. Disgusting.
3	Went here for lunch a couple of times and it seems to be a pretty average Chinese place.  Most of the options are typical Americanized sorts of things with few more traditional or authentic Chinese options.  The sauces for me seem overly sweet and syrupy, especially for the General Tso's chicken.  I would like to see more spice and complex flavors and less sauciness.  They do have a large assortment of vegetarian options and vegetarian version of typical dishes with soy or wheat gluten.  I do really like their scallion pancake appetizer.  Service was good and food came out quickly.  Hot tea is included.
4	Very Good!Got the Beef Stew in Hot Pot. Pretty Spicy, but so delicious. Happy to have found this place on our stopover in Shadyside.
4	As I was thinking about writing this review I am debating ordering China Palace take-out. Obviously I'm a fan. They are quick with take out and prices are fair and food is great. I've never had a bad meal. I love the sushi selection.
5	This is my favorite place in the area, and I would eat here everyday if I could. Their vegan options are extensive and amazingly delicious. The won-ton soup is vegan friendly too, at least that's what the server told me. Portion sizes are generous, the soy protein is to die for and the price is right. This place is a little piece of heaven for vegetarians and vegans, but omnis won't know the difference.I've visited this location a handful of times, and each experience has been nothing but pleasant. I have tried the fried mushrooms, the sesame soy protein, the orange soy protein, the sweet & sour soy protein, the wheat gluten veggie mix, the general tso soy protein and the hot and sour soup. My favorite is the sesame soy protein, but I plan to try all of the soy protein dishes at some point. The wheat gluten is tasty, but it's not the best I've ever had. I prefer the meaty and solid texture of the soy protein over tofu and wheat gluten. The spicy dishes are never spicy. You can always ask for extra chile paste like I do though. It's weird that they aren't spicy enough, but that could be because this area isn't as likely to have a preference for the spicy foods. My last visit here on April 1st was definitely the most memorable. The sweetest young male was our server. He forgot sesame on our sesame soy protein, and he apologized profusely and fixed it. He kept bringing us refills, especially on my diet coke. Restaurants can be a little stingy with soda refills, but he was generous. He also gave us free rice refills, and since we all love rice, we were immensely grateful. I can't say enough good things about this kid, but I hope the tip we left him conveyed our gratitude.China Palace is a win for sure!
5	My favorite chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh. Clean, flavorful, close in proximity, priced right, friendly service, food comes out quickly, and they're probably the only ones open til 10pm! (since Pittsburgh is the "city that sleeps"). The only dish I don't like and got confused with is their Walnut Shrimp. In the West Coast, it's glazed with coconut and its supposed to be sweet, but in this restaurant, its salty and does not have any coconut flavor, so I don't order it anymore. And I wish they delivered to the downtown area.
4	Good Chinese food is hard to find. Food is well made, priced right, and portion size was large. No real complaints. We ordered deliver which came super fast. Apparently the owners of China Palace also own Sushi Too which explains why my wife was able to order sushi over the phone even though it was not on their menu. Very Cool.
1	Yuck! I  hadn't eaten here in years and it will be years until I return. The wonton soup was watery, and the wontons were inedible. I ordered pepper steak wwhich they substituted pork sparerib meat and I surmised that they didn't think I would notice. Also I think the health dept needs to perhaps male a visit;the place is dirty.
3	Not crazy about this place. The food is subpar and definitely purchased in bulk and not the greatest quality. The atmosphere is clean and the staff is friendly so that's why I gave them a 3 star. Good luck.
2	Not very good Chinese food here. It reminded me of a cheap college place. They give you plenty of food but it is low quality. Could have probably went to another place and paid half the price for the same meal.
1	I have never, ever thrown food away, but I couldn't stomach this stuff. I got the pork fried rice and egg drop soup. Holy moly was that a poor decision. The rice tasted like a flavorless mush with chewy "pork". It tasted nothing like pork, or meat for that matter. I tried adding soy sauce for some kind of flavor but dear lord that didn't help. The soup was a weird creamy mess. My friend got the general tso chicken, which should generally be a safe choice. WRONG. cardboard. Cardboard with a strange tangy sauce and a side of disaster. Seriously we've never been so grossed out that we had to throw out $20 worth of food but that's what happened.
1	Disgusting...The general tso that I ordered for delivery tasted like fish. I called and Verna tried to convince me that it was because I made the mistake of not requesting white meat. She then tried to tell me that they don't deep fry anything with fish. This was interesting because I am sure that the shrimp egg rollls that I ordered were indeed deep fried...in the same oil that my chicken was fried in. She told me that the delivery driver would be there in an hour to pick it up and i call and she tells me that they only way for me to get the refund is if I bring it in myself. Very rude and horrible customer service
5	A good place for Chinese food, the service is good too. Also, the lunch special is a good bargain for a student. The manager is nice. The price (except lunch special) is a little higher than other places, but this is on Walnut St. so this is understandable. The suggestion is to provide more spicy foods (by "spicy" I mean really spicy:).
5	Yinz don't know what the hell you're talking about, or order the wrong dish. Do yourself a favor order the Lemon Chicken with seshwan* sauce instead of lemon sauce.....Thank my later
4	I had steamed chicken and veggies along with hot and sour soup! I would never get tired of it!
4	LOVE this place! Super-friendly staff. Soy protein with broccoli was suh. Flippin. Good. I was with 2 meat-eaters that loved it too. Go to their website for full menu --I don't see it here on Yelp, but we got it 2 days ago.Reviewer below is right--menu wording is a little confusing. The vegetable/tofu dishes are not necessarily vegetarian. But the vegetarian dishes are (duh). So are some of the other things (noodles, appetizers, etc.)To summarize: It's good. Go!
5	I love their vegan / vegetarian menu! The food is so good! Just remember to ask them to hold the MSG! Friendly service. Clean. Nice atmosphere.
1	Had a craving for Chinese the other day while I was in Shadyside and wandered into China Palace.  How this place can stay in business in an area that I consider to be more sophisticated is a real mystery.  It was just awful and the service was terrible.I wanted to have the assorted appetizer platter, but asked if I could substitute one of the items with dumplings.  Our waiter had to ask the manager.  After much whispering, the manager came back to me and told me that I could have dumplings...then I asked if I could get the fried dumplings with that instead of steamed.   Well I was met with an outraged "NO"!!!!  It kind of surprised me that I got this kind of reaction.  I was told that the chef would have to fry 2 dumplings just for my platter.  I looked around and there were only 2 other people in the entire restaurant.  Isn't that what they're supposed to do?  Cook food for people to eat?  I would have never asked if I thought it would be such a big deal.  Anyway, the food was not very good.  In fact, it was awful.  Were they having an off day?   I'm not sure they were.   There's never any reason to be rude to your patrons.  No need to ever return.
3	Tyipical "Chinese restaurant" menu and flavour. Environment and service is above average, making overall experience decent.
4	We order takeout here several times a month. The food is always very good, and quite plentiful for a take-out order. The quality seems pretty consistent as well. They even called me back once to double check something on the order. That was really nice. Delivery times are always good, and they're very fast on slow days. Meals in the restaurant or also high-quality. My wife and I have probably eaten here 40 times in the last five years.
