5	Me and my friends night consisted of some dancing at club XS and then we ate some delicious food at ichiza. Now with our hungry stomaches all satisfied, we saw the grand opening sign of Master Spa foot massage next door, so with our feet all aching, we trotted in to give it a shot. So glad I did, I had Master Lee and he was AMAZING. He did things I haven't experienced with other masseuses here in Vegas and he really knew where to get the knots out. Seriously, best foot massage I've had, period! They also mentioned the shampoo head massage which I definitely must try next time in. Great ambience, great massage, definitely a great addition to the chinatown area.
5	Awesome place. Went with 4 other guys. Looked shady when we got in but it's a legit place that has real Chinese professionals that know how to get a knot out. Don't let their late store fool you. They advertise foot massage but we decided to pay 10 for the shoulder and back and feet, quickly afterwards all of us got the one hr special for 38 bucks. Totally worth it!!!
5	Incredible technicians. I was exceedingly impressed with how fast the masseuse was able to get rid of the ache on my foot. I explained my condition and he was able to tell me the root cause of my pain. I am very impressed with their technique and their knowledge of how the body works. I highly recommend for all to visit these wizards of pain and stress elimination.
5	Great place and very inexpensive , must check out!
5	First time getting at foot massage in Vegas cause I'm from the LA/OC area so there's great foot massages all around Westminster area. This place is is the best in Vegas hands down. Great staff essp ANGEL.So real talk Best foot massage place here period. Need rehab after clubbing or a table session and if you just wanna kill some time  hit this place up.
5	Great foot Massage!!I travel a lot get massage all around the US so I know a great massage when I get one and this is AS Good As It Gets.   Ben was professional and helpful without many knots in my neck and shoulder. He's foot massage is the BEST that I appreciate.  Warm stone on my feet, a soothing my feet not hard and painful like you usually get at the cheaper places, and good quality organic products used.Master Spa delivers that experience and then some! I will request he service again and I recommend to anyone.
5	Great massage at an amazing price!
5	My friend and I tried foot massage, foot spa and neck-should-back massage. It was amazingly good. Bruce and Joy were very nice and pro! We had excellent experience way beyond the price:)
2	me and my friend went there to get a foot massage for our aching feet and were not too happy. we were in pain most of the time, the guy and girl were very rough and after we asked for them to massage softer they did; but was still too rough. the whole time I wasnt relaxes I thought one of my bones were going to break. I just wanted to relax but I did not at all, which was disappointing :(
2	I got this deal through Groupon and went there together with another friend of mine, let me tell you they have some awesome foot message there, the guy who did the message was awesome(forgot the name), and he seems to know what he's doing, I enjoyed the message throughout the whole time I was there.  However, 3 stars quickly got knocked off when my friend and I was getting ready to leave, since I bought this deal in one transaction, I told my friend that I'll tip ours together as a whole,  so I gave it all to the guy(hoping he would share with another messager), apparently, the other female messager didn't appreciate it and ran behind us and said "excuse me, no TIP?", that was JUST RUDE, and my desire of going back quickly vanished.
5	Overall it was a great, relaxing and healing experience.I called them to make sure they were open and available after midnight of the Christmas day and the gentleman who picked up the phone was kind and attentive.  I felt confident to pick up a cab from the hotel to travel there at about 12:45AM.  The space was very relaxing and inviting.  I asked if I could use the yelp coupon for the combination of 30-min. detox and 30-min foot massage for $22.  A lady who seemed to be the business owner offered an additional back and shoulder massage for additional $16, which is a good deal.  So I paid $38 plus tip for all of them.  Both foot massage and back/shoulder massage was great.  At the detox, though, I was not quite sure what exactly the scientific basis for the "toxin" that comes out from your body just by conducting an electric current in your body.  Towards the end, I tried to call a cab to the hotel, and the lady helped me to tell them the exact location, but it somehow did not go through well, then she kindly offered me a ride on the car her "manager" (I was not quite sure if he was her boss, colleague or assistant) drives to the hotel.  He was very nice, too and I enjoyed a short conversation on the way back to the hotel. I would definitely recommend this place for your relax time after a hectic day.
5	Worth every penny for the head, shoulder, back, foot massage and head shampoo.  More spa like than most of the average foot massage places.  The head shampoo should be tried at least once.  It was so relaxing I dozed off.  They even dry your hair for you.
5	This place is amazing! One of the best foot spa in Las Vegas. It's very clean and they have friendly staff. Upon entering the spa, their staff greeted us with warmth welcome. I told one of the staff that I have groupon and the I have two different kinds of groupon for me, my boyfriend, and his mom. They checked our groupon and told us to sit on the chair. My groupon is for shampoo and scalp massage and detox ion and the other two is for hot stone massage and detox ion. One of the staff told me follower him to the other room where they do the shampoo and scalp massage. Man, I love the scalp massage and it was so relaxing. It was worth it, he did it for about 30 mins and when it was done, he blow dry my hair. He then told me to go back to the other room to do my detox ion. My boyfriend and his mom also enjoyed their hot stone and detox ion, they said, it was really good and relaxing. It was worth the money. I will definitely come back next time for different massage.
4	This review is for the head shampoo service only.Master Spa is one of the few places in town that advertise this service.  (Of course, this is not to be confused with the service also known as body shampoos found at places with questionable intentions.)When inquiring about this service, we were led passed the chairs reserved for foot massages and into the back room.  This room had three massage beds with sinks specifically built attached to them.  The Husband and I then had our shoulders covered with a towel and plastic to prevent those areas from getting wet and we laid down with our heads over the sink.  This is where the similarities ended.The person I had was Mark.  I have long hair.  He started to massage my scalp for a little while before turning the water on to wet my hair.  He then shampooed my hair and spent a considerable amount of time 'scratching' my scalp.  This is something that can be enjoyable and quite relaxing depending on the person and the circumstance, but it was just okay this time.  He then also did some cranial pressure before rinsing my hair of the shampoo and applying conditioner.  He made a point of making sure my hair was completely conditioned as he ran a comb through it all.  And then he rinsed all the conditioner out and squeezed some of the water out of my hair.  I was then instructed to get up so we could walk to a smaller room where he would blow dry my hair.  He then dried my hair and ran a brush through it to get rid of any tangles.  And then I was done.  Unfortunately, my hair was still a bit damp and the bottom half of my shirt in the back was all wet from the walk from the sink to the blow drying room.  (Perhaps he could have wrapped my hair in a towel to prevent that from happening.)  He apologized for the wet shirt part but I had to go blow dry my shirt as a result.  3 stars.Meanwhile, the Husband has practically no hair and he had Reao.  He said he didn't get that much scratching, but more pressure on his scalp, face, and shoulders.  While I was getting my hair blow dried, he was still getting cranial work done.  He felt so relaxed that he almost fell asleep.  He tried to inquire about what other services would take place if we had chosen the 60 minute option, but Reao did not quite understand him.  She thought he was trying to extend his experience to the 60 minute one.  He wanted to know if they were going to focus more on the scalp, shoulders, or face.  He really enjoyed it and would do it again.  4.5 stars from him.I think I lost out on the experience because: a) I had a guy.  (And unfortunately I believe he smelled of cigarette smoke.  So with my sensitive sense of smell, and him running his hands through my hair, it was distracting.)  b) I have long hair.  Because so much time was spent shampooing, conditioning, and blow drying, there was less time for cranial work. Yes, I know it's called a head shampoo but you know you're really there for good cranial work.  It's almost like a glorified hair shampooing experience at your local salon.  Overall, I think if you're a bald guy, you may just love it.  Half the experience at a hair salon is getting your head shampooed and massaged and this place focuses on that part.  Unfortunately, I just didn't get that many head tingles from the experience like I was hoping for!  Would I go back?  Maybe - if I cut my hair and/or if I get a girl next time.  Some girls just know how to massage the scalp better, maybe it's the nail thing? 30 minutes = $2560 minutes = $4860 minutes combo = $45 (30 minute head shampoo and 30 minute reflexology)They are located exactly next door to Ichiza.  Great if you're waiting to dine there, bad when you're looking for a parking space!
5	Definitely one if the best massages I have ever had. Try everything.
5	The Master Spa has the best foot massage that i ever had...i am from Los Angeles.. there are many of foot massage places there...but none of them like this one..so friendly and has very good skills..especially the therapist Lin-Lin...wow..so amazing!! Definitely recommend and will come back every time i visit vegas~~~ Nothing more but A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
3	Clean location and friendly staff.I went this past Saturday. I purchased a Groupon for the 30 minute shampoo massage and 30 minute ionic detox.  There is no front desk to check in at and when someone comes up to help you, they shufffle you in very quickly (probably because the place is so dark, that when you open the door, it's a little disturbing), and everybody's whispering to find out what services you want, because people are trying to relax In chairs. I was taken to a seat right away and they brought out a cup of hot tea...very nice :) My appointment was scheduled for a shampoo and they started giving me a hot stone foot massage? I had to stop the girl, she had to talk to manager, after checking my Groupon 3x, this shouldn't have been an issue. Their website talks of spa etiquette, while I was there I witnessed a masseuse take a call and talk on the phone while he was giving this girl a foot massage. If that was me, I'd have been mad. i do have to say that the services i received were great.  the shampoo massage was heavenly!! The ionic detox was also a great service.  I felt more energetic and better overall.I'd go back for the shampoo massage, more so because I can't find another location in town that does it. But am hesitant, for the reasons I mentioned.
4	Great reflexology massage!! Very attentive staff! I will def go back! Great prices!
5	Great staff! Since our resort was only about 5 minutes from the spa, my friend and I were picked up and dropped off by one of the staff members. We had a total body massage (deep tissue) and foot reflexology. Both were wonderful and reasonably priced. After walking long distance at the strip, we definitely needed a good massage. We will certainly go back to this place on our next visit to Las Vegas.
5	LOOK NO FURTHER!!! This by far is the best place to get pampered!the staff are veeeeery friendly and strong, the place is CLEEEEAN and the equipment is new. For $29 + $16, i got an hour and a half deal!!! I promise u wont be disappointed!
4	Came here after a gruesome workout.  Had the groupon for the ionic detox hot stone massage and upgraded it to include upper body massage.  They offer you tea or cold water right off the bat.  You are ushered into a small dark room where you relax in a comfortable oversized chair while your feet are cleaned and prep-ed.  The chair turns into a massage bed if you do end up getting the full massage.  It's definitely not your relaxing Swedish massage.  But it was therapeutic.  My back and my arms thank Jenny. There are skeptics about ionic detoxification.  I am not sure if it does work either.  But I know my water turned orange which means my toxins were from the joints.  Ever since, I don't hear a cracking sound when I do my squats.Best part, they are open til 4 am.  I will go back.
5	Great foot massage place, even though it's small and I was the only customer there which was definitely weird. Chairs are set up in pairs with a curtain in between to separate them. Masseuse  used firm pressure and seemed to take their time. $38 for 1 hour
5	Very good. They provide excellent customer service.
5	WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW! I had the hot stone foot massage and then the ion detox and let me say this was the most AMAZING spa treatment I have ever had. The place was clean, calm, soothing and staff were friendly and professional. Great prices and excellent service. THANK YOU!
4	Made an appointment and walked right in without a wait.  Very clean and courteous. We got the 90 minute combo foot, neck shoulder massage and head shampoo.  We added hot rocks to the foot massage.  The massage was very good. They went deep and took their time. The hot rocks were nice.  I liked them my wife lived them.  I thought the therapist got in deeper without them, but for $7 extra it was nice.  My wife really enjoyed the shampoo.  I am basically bald but did it for the scalp massage.  Very nice and they use good products.  Next time however I might out for more massage since it really was more of a shampoo.Overall, very happy and we will be back.
5	Went this morning and got the head shampoo massage and the foot reflexology massage and it was amazing!!! Totally worth the money I spent. The staff was friendly and caring. I would totally recommend them to friends visiting Vegas!!!
5	Cool place. Its open till four so great place after the clubs after a long night of dancing
5	Great massage and friendly staff.  I got the back massage and the foot massage which was very relaxing.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMEND.  I got a Groupon as a gift for the ion soak and hot stone foot massage.  When I called to make an appointment, they offered an upgrade service for $16 or so for a back massage for 30minutes.  I said I'd let them know when I got there.  No pressure from the guy on the phone.   I did agree to the upcharge for the add'l massage time when I arrived.  I was put on a relaxing chair and my feet were immersed in a wooden bucket.  Never having had an ion soak before, I didn't know what to expect. It was relaxing.   The lady started rubbing my head and face, neck and shoulders.. this amazing treatment just went on and on.  My feet were soaked, rubbed, and stoned, and the massage was heaven.  The girl 'Rose' spoke no English, but she did know enough to ask if the pressure was ok.  I'm tellin ya - I would go back every day if I could.. Not ONE thing I can criticize.. simply amazing.
4	Great little place for a massage if you're tired from a weekend of partying.  I got Tom after I asked for an experienced masseuse. I have gotten many many massages and now typical strength is nothing to me. I need someone who really can dig in there and massage all the little knots out of my feet.  Tom used enough strength when I asked him to make it stronger so that was good. Apparently he's never used this much strength on anyone before. Lol. What can I say, years and years of bi weekly massages!The manager is really nice too. If you check in and write a review you can get 10% off. Totally worth it! Also, tea station is downstairs for some Taiwanese milk tea after. :)
1	Decided to come here with my sister around 130-2am. I have gone to many massage parlors in vegas. The fact that they stay open till 4am is what really brought us in. They told us we could get an hour for 38 where you out your feet in hot water and the work 10 minutes on your back and shoulders. Or we could get a body massage where our clothes are off and it would be 60. It was late and we had a long week so decided to do the fully body. A small lady brought us into the room. I thought maybe she was the owners daughter because she looked like she was 14 years old. I was surprised when I found out she was going to massage me. My sister got a male who looked about 18 years old.  I know age should not matter, but we seriously felt like they had no idea what they were doing. I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't have their license. I can't believe we paid 60 dollars each. I want to say half way through, the lady working on me told me she had an appointment so I was going to get someone else. At this point I was was hoping he would be better. It was a little better. They were both pretty strong. My sister said the young man she had was very strong, but no one had good technique. There was absolutely none! My sister had to tell him to stop several times because it was hurting her. Let me tell you why this is NOT worth it and I won't be returning...I had to tell them to work on my neckDid not rub face or head.No technique. very painful and I love deep tissueWe probably got a 5 minute rub on our feet.Did not even rub arms and hands. When I asked if he could work on my neck, he put the towels over my back and didn't use the oil. I found that odd. I always shower before these things so I know that wasnt an issue lolI could easily go on about our bad experience, but I already feel like I'm chopping around everywhere lol We just felt really cheated. It was the total opposite of what we were expecting. Then when we paid they told us credit/debit card reader was broken so we had to wait for owners to take our cards over the phone.
2	Well...I was playing hooky from work with my best friend (sorry boss) and we decided we wanted to get foot massages.Called and made an appointment, the guy on the phone spoke perfect english and told us that we could get 30 min foot massage and 30 minute hairwash/massage for $42. So we get there right at 12 and the ladies greeting us had no idea what was going on....one older lady only spoke minimal english.The guy on the phone was no where to be found, they had no idea of our appointment, but they still sat us down. Both ladies went to work and I noticed the lady who was rubbing my feet had her phone between my legs....after about 15 mins her phone rang and she proceeded to HAVE A CONVERSATION. Geez, how relaxing.On to the hair washing/scalp massaging....So I thought this was going to be relaxing and wonderful....they seriously scratched...with nails...our scalps until it was almost raw. Painful at times? yes....Relaxing? NO.So they put my friend in a small closet with a chair to blow dry her hair and I had to sit inbetween the massage tables to get my hair blown out. Oh yeah, they only blew dry about half of our hair and sent us on our way.2 stars for my hair smelling good and having the cleanest scalp in Las Vegas. Probably would not do that again.
4	I so needed a relaxing foot massage, and I got a groupon for $29. I got to upgrade $16 for a back, shoulder and arms massage.. OMG! It was so good!  I felt really relaxed and my body felt so good. I will surely be back to try the head shampoo next! Thanks again to Jenny!! :) she did great!!I will be definitely be planning my next girls day spa soon! :)
1	BAD. I got a groupon for foot massage and ionic detox for $29, only to find out that I can get same deal or even cheaper on the spot. The guy who made my appointment spoke perfect English, but once I got there there was no receptionist area or a even a comer with that well speaking English guy. Two girls who we there could nearly speak few words English. Whey had no clue about any appointments, but since the place was almost empty, they just showed me to a massage bed. The girl who was giving me massage clearly had no any training or even any clue about reflexology. Her massage was very bad and she did not speak much English to understand me. I read few good reviews about this place on Yelp.I guess I had a bad luck but definitely would not recommend it  to any body
5	Came here at around 3am for much needed foot massages after a long day/night of casino hopping.  Really good and relaxing.
4	First of all, the masseuse was not all that experienced, but no matter, for she gave it her all and more importantly, she filled out her Daisy Dukes rather nicely, and her tight t- shirt bulged abundantly in the proper places.I seemed to be the only customer in the joint, so deciding on a plan of action was a bit arduous, neither her nor her assistant were all that fluent English-wise, so I just nodded my head and headed into a back room for what turned out to be a shampoo session.This went rather well, but she did seem to enjoy sticking her fingers into my ears, which was mildly irritating, but with the way her bountiful breasts would brush against my face when she started the whole chest-pounding thing, how could I possibly hold a grudge?Now to the least enjoyable part of the experience: the hair-drying aspect. I was led to a little room and placed on a chair before a mirror while she proceeded to blow dry my hair. When she was finished styling it, I looked like Ward Cleaver on his most serious day, it was beyond embarrassing, I could not wait to muss it up.I was then led back into the main room for the massage. I immediately broke into a smile for I heard Mozart, instead of the repetitive and fatiguing Chinese music which I was expecting and thought I heard when I walked in the door.I thought she was rather rough with my neck, but the work she did on my bi's and tri's was entirely enjoyable, she applied just the right amount of pressure, as if she knew I had pulverized them in the gym the day before.Afterwards, I was a bit surprised when she started removing my shoes for I thought we had agreed to dispense with this part but I just let her do her thing instead of engaging in another episode of Lost in Translation. Good thing I did for this turned out to be a blessing in disguise because my feet got in on some breast action as well when she started beating on my calves. I was then ordered to turn over on my stomach and place my face through a hole in the bed while she did my back. I know it must by now seem to be a recurrent theme, but I feel it incumbent upon me to mention, for I feel it is vital to the integrity of my review and to my decision to endow this establishment with a fourth star, how those mammoth mammaries plopped so pleasantly on the back of my head when she started working on my glutes, it was indeed like manna from heaven.
5	Called ahead to see if they would be able to accommodate 8 girls all together within 15 minutes and they told us to come on in. To our dismay, we arrived to find that there was a 30 minute wait, so we called nearby places. One of the staff convinced us to stay, indicating the wait would be less. Some girls in our group got to go first while others continued to wait. No biggie.When it was finally my turn, I enjoyed every minute of my massage! I only wished that it was longer! Much needed after a long weekend of walking in heels. Aside from giving us a 10% discount for the inconvenience, the owner/manager gave all of us a ride back to the strip!!! Very thoughtful and for that reason worthy of 5 stars! Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely return!
1	NON SENSE, WASTE OF TIME. was here because of the good reviews.. too bad i did not get what i wanted. Saw the lady massaging my husbands feet- right hand on her phone-left hand on the foot- she's too busy on her celphone, maybe she's playing snake???  lol! sorry to disturb u girl!too bad we paid upfront from yelp's deal.- we paid for 1 hour but took off after 30 mins- such a waste of time!
1	Sad to say...Worst massage i ever had!!!  Dont come here people...waste of time and $$$....
5	Very good foot massage place!!!My god!Very nice,the girl Jenny gave very good massage for me a few days ago,she was very friendly ,haha,I like her,I will be back again next time I come to vegas.They worth the five stars for sure~~~
5	Open late. Great fix for aching feet and shoulders. Really clean (even the restroom). Thanks for your help, Phil!
3	This time the full body massage was disappointing. She seemed to not totally know what she was doing and mostly worked slow to waste time. I was cold and she did not use leg pillows. A horny guy could have done a better job!,It is a nice place, clean and professional looking. Will try some place else the next time I need a break from the craps table
5	It's worth the five stars,because it's really  good,Jenny did a great job ,I felt so relax  after the massage!Thank you!!!
5	Candy, you are one tough cookie!  But the massage was awesome!  Boy, oh boy my feet were tender, but I knew that I needed that deep massage, it surely worked out my knots.We came to this spot on the spur of moment decision and luckily they able to work four of us in.The chairs we sat in for our foot massage were very comfortable.  They have about 10 of these chairs in the one room . The place looks and smells clean.  The person checking us in was pleasant.  I think because she knew we weren't going to be attended to immediately she asked if we wanted a drink and made sure she communicated with us every now and again letting us know they aren't ignoring us.I was told from the others I was with that their service was good as well.  We all agreed we would definitely return.
4	Excellent, relaxing massage. Unfortunately there was too much talking and people coming and going during the massage. It would've been perfect except for the noise and disturbances.
5	best massage in Vegas!!!!!!!!!! If you need a rub down you must go to this location. Everyone was so nice and professional. Clean and relaxing! I loved my massage from Ton. Amazing!!! Go go go!
2	Didn't feel like licensed massage. 4 of us went in and one was happy. Place doesn't have very private rooms.
5	Best foot massage I've every had. They close at 2am, but I called them around 1:30am ask if we can go in right now would they still take us. My masseuse focus and professional. Her name is Jenny. She was putting in work the whole hour. I love it. I taken a short nap there because it was very relaxing.  My friends like a lot too. It was a great experience. We will be back soon.
1	Had a groupon to this place. I walked in and I saw nobody and a private area surrounded by curtains so I thought I walked into the wrong area. Some lady walked out of a rooom to greet me and tried to ask me what I needed. She disnt speak english so I couldn't really have a conversation with her. I asked if I could use my 30 min head scrub and switch it for the 30 min foot massage instead since it was the same price.(thank god I used to play guesstures because my hand gestures were very helpful)  She granted it to me no problem. She led me to a room where I would get my foot massage and detox.I sat there for about 25 minutes and finally somebody walked in.  I tried to ask her what she was about to do and tried to explain I have plantar facitiis in my feet but she didnt speak english so I could get any of ny questions answered. I recieved a 15 minute foot massage when it was supposed to be 30 and she got up to leave and grab things in the middle of my massage.how unprofessional. Then my 30 minute detox was 20 minutes. she gave me a sheet to figure out since she couldnt explain it to me.I called the manager since I figured it was easier complaining to someone who could understand me and he said that he will email me with a free massage and detox to a different location. I never recieved the email.This place was horrible and far from relaxing. I recommend not coming here at all. Go somewhere that will make you feel relaxed and somewhere that has employees capable of explaining their treatments to you. This was like going to a doctor in a foreign country without a translator and the doctor telling you that you will die in a few days but you just smile and nod since you cant understand.
5	Happy new year! This please was amazing. Better than all the foot massage in town. I had Candy. She's very nice and great foot massage. And I had wonderful experience. So I give Master Spa 5 Start because it is Clean, comfortable and good technology. We will be back soon.
5	Master Spa is my favorite place, once I close my eyes and let them work their magic.   Think of this place like your go-to... Love this place so much! I basically go there every week. It's just so cheap and pretty good! I am not a spa person so this no-frills place was perfect for me. My family gets these types of massages in China and love the efficiency of it all. The place is clean and quiet and you just have to tune-out the street noises.
2	I went in looking for the place across the street, but couldn't find it and settled on getting a massage here.Definitely gets bonus points for price and quality of massage... Except for the fact that a group of young drunk men came in looking for happy endings.  The group was extremely loud and obnoxious and could be heard throughout the establishment.  The owner was pretty good about letting them know that this wasn't that kind of place, however, my masseuse did leave in the middle of my massage to talk to them.  It seemed like she was trying to be more clear with them to be respectful when they weren't getting the hint from the owner.  I would've liked for my masseuse and the owner to have more respect for the current paying customer and ask for the rowdy group to lower their voices or go speak with them outside.
5	Tried the shampoo (and inherently, conditioner) treatment and my hair is now surprisingly soft. Was relaxing and enjoyable. Not as much of a true scalp massage or scrubbing as I had expected. Now in the middle of an awesome foot massage by Jenny. Wow, I needed this. Nice location with barbecue and other good choices in the vicinity.
5	I had such agreat experience here. The massage technician was professional and courteous. I was so relaxed I think I dozed off for few minutes. When everything was said and done, I felt so much better and rejuvenated. I definitely recommend this place.
5	So satisfied with my massage! This was my first time getting a massage so I can't compare my experience, but I am very pleased with the result. The boss man decided to treat my coworkers and I to a massage since we were in the area hosting a 3 day company conference. We got the full body and foot massage. The atmosphere was so peaceful, very zen. They dimmed the lights for us and had very peaceful music. My masseuse Jenny was great! At the end, they offered us water and tea while we waited for the rest of our crew to finish. Great service, if I'm ever in the area again I'll definitely come back!
3	They gave us a deal 30$ for one hr massage. But i didnt think my masseuse knew what he was doing. Overall i was relaxed and it was cheap. I would still look for a better place to get relaxed though.
3	I highly recommend this spa. Asian foot massage spas are a dime a dozen out here but this one was professional, clean and overall very pleasant. This is the place to get your massages! Out-of-towners; take an evening off the main strip and take a cab out to this Chinatown strip. Get a foot massage here, dinner and tea downstairs and visit the shops on this part of town.
1	2 thumbs wayyyyy down! I would give it 0 stars if i could.. i intentionally didnt write the review right after cus I knew i was still very angry. But coming back to LA and writing this review is starting to get me upset again so ill try to keep it short without going into too much detail. We called and made a reservation requesting for 4 people in 15 min. The lady on the phone replied ok. When we got there I found out that the lady who had answered was not even there and she said workers were avail. (If u call the number on yelp, ull realize its the managers own personal number). So no one was there to assist us. They let 2 other people go who did not even make a reservation. When I asked one of the guys who was there how long it would take he said 5 min, but it ended up being more like 30 min when another second manager came running in. We were all going to get full body, but for the sake of time 2 got the full body, I got the foot, and 1 friend decided not to get a massage at all and waited in the car. The guy who gave me a massage did not seem to be a masseuse who got thrown in there cus of lack of staff. After I spoke with the person i had originally made the reservation with (by calling the same number) she apologized and told me there were being changes made and that was the first day with the new staff. She said she would lower the price, but when it came to pay the prices were actually higher than than what we had been told (30 for foot and 50 for full). SO instead of having to paying less like the lady manager promised we were charged more. That obviously did not sit to well with us so we payed 50 for the full but still had to pay 38 for the feet. They're lying cheats that are just after your money and will do anything to get it including making empty promises.   Low point of the whole trip. I would have rather lost money at the tables then have to spend for a massage here. A massage is supposed to help relieve stress, but this experience made me even more stressed. So much so that it left me wanting to get another one the next day. Never ever coming back here..ever again!
5	I got a shampoo and conditioned head massage, a foot reflex massage, the ionic detox Ph balance soak with a 15 minute upper back massage. It was all amazing, the girl was strong and had a firm stroke. She got all the kinks out without a problem. She was also very pleasant in general. I don't have any complaints about the affordable prices either. This place is great!
4	I've been to quite a few of these foot massage places, but in LA. This was my first time trying it at Las Vegas, and I was quite pleased. We paid $30 for a hot stone foot massage + body massage. In terms of the actual massage, I felt like it was the same massage moves as most other places with the exception of the hot stone. Wow. I really liked that. It was relaxing having my masseuse rub the hot stone over my legs. I also liked most of the pressure he applied throughout the whole massage. It was medium pressure. Most of the time, I get too much pressure. One major gripe I have with the place is that my masseuse picked up his ringing phone twice while massaging me. That's one pet peeve I have with the Chinese foot massage places in LA, and unfortunately, it's not any different in Las Vegas. Stop picking up your phones during massages, people!!!
1	Hate to do this but I gotta warn others on this particular foot spa it was soooooo painful I had to tell the lady 3 times to stop squeezing so hard. This is not for the weak hearted and the foot massage was a foot massage plus very painful added body massages 38 dollars is a lot to pay to get hurt my low back hurts now I'm used to paying 20 for these kind of places I just thought I'd give it a try based on the good reviews but boy I was wrong I have been to better places in Las Vegas so please just skip this place unless u want back pain.... So painful.... Sooo sad just paid tipped and will move on
4	I was reluctant to go to this place since the reviews seemed to be either hating it or loving it, but me and my family decided to give it a try anyway. I was pleasant surprised!!I called ahead and it was indeed a male voice who spoke regular English and he wasn't there at the actual location. But the lady who checked us in spoke enough English to understand us and helped us get pricings down. I got a thirty minute foot massage and a thirty minute body massage for $50 bucks! Asteal. My sister went with a thirty minute foot and thirty minute shampoo, and my cousin went for a thirty minute shampoo and thirty minute body. They accommodated us quickly. I was moved into a side room with three chairs, but the entire place was empty so I didn't feel I comfortable. She started by soaking my feet then gave me a forehead rub and head rub. I would've been purring if I could've!!She did my arms and hands, which I needed since I type all day. Then got down to my feet. It was nice and was a steady pressure. I've had much more painful foot rubs so this one was good. She asked me if I wanted to use oil for my back, which I did. Otherwise the body massage would've been fully clothed the entire time. But once again, the room was empty and she held up a sheet so I could disrobe my shirt. The actual body massage was not western, but Chinese. so I had a tiny under 100 lb Chinese woman climb on my back and use her knees. it was surprising and I didn't expect it but it felt nice! she kicked my ass pretty hard but I felt and still feel really relaxed and all my knots are goneSo I conclusion: great for the price. It wasn't the most amazing massage I've gotten but the staff is super nice and they don't do half assed work!! I think it depends on what time you come in for some of the workers but all of ours were wonderful
5	I came here on a Saturday night at 12:30 am. I called to make a reservation and they were very accommodating and got my friend and I an appt right away.  The male chinese therapist, sorta tall, thin and I think he had his hair in a small pony tail (wish i got his name!), was AAAAAAMAZING! These chinese foot spa places can be a hit or a miss. Some therapist rub way too hard and some can't quite hit that sweet spot. And there are some that rub along your bone  instead of the muscle which can be painful!  The therapist I had tonight was perfect. Gave a great foot AND body massage and was able to apply the right amount of pressure in the RIGHT location. 38$ for an hour - open late- sore feet from heals and partying. I was a happy girl. The place was also clean and the staff was friendly and professional. Please note that this is not a Happy ending massage. And also a note to you retards complaining about being "rubbed the wrong way" or getting "molested", this is a CHINESE style massage. It is completely normal get massaged on your butt, thighs, etc.. jesus. Give this place a try !
1	.....forgive me, but this was one of the worst massage' s I've ever had in life.  A group of friends and I decided to get massages. My massage started late because I was in the ladies room. Upon late arrival of my masseuse table, I was not greeted and was quickly "gestured" to lay down. The elderly male masseuse was forceful throughout my entire 1 hour massage. I asked if he could please not be so rough, more than 3 times. After asking the first time, it was as if he ignored my request. There was no connection, intimacy, or relaxation the entire time. It was as if he wanted to get it over with. When I turned on my stomach to receive the back massage,  there was no napkin in place for sanitary purposes to not contract other of other customers face oil or sweat, on the forehead rest. The forehead rest smelled. I was gestured to place my head in the unsanitary head rest, and from the pressure of my masseuse, I was occasionally chocked as my face was forcefully pressed down.  Tranquil experience, right?  After my friends were finished, I knew I had at least 10 more minutes of the massage, although I wanted this experience to be over as soon as he started. My masseuse stopped 2 minutes after my friends finished, which did not give me my full hour. After abruptly finishing, he had the nerve to "ask" for a tip. I politely said, "no tip sir, I did not like my massage." He then frowned and walked away............. I would not come to this place ever again, or recommend it to anyone. Please save your money and time. Sincerely Tee
4	Came here on our last day in Vegas, after watching a concert in SF...needless to say we jet setters needed some grounding. This place is in Chinatown, upstairs of a shopping center. The inside of the facility was clean, smelled good and was pretty to look at. This place had the zen music, decor and aromatherapy going on.I got the 30 min/shampoo w/ 30min foot reflexology. My husband go the 60 mins reflexology. I didn't know what to expect with the head shampoo as I thought I'd get more of a massage or scrubbing. The lady who worked on me gave a quick "massage" of my head but but the shampoo and conditioning was more of scratching of the scalp (maybe coz she was a female with long nails?) than full on pressure points on the head.  Either way it was very relaxing and the products they used in my hair was great. (Totally forgot to ask what it was.) After shampooing, conditioning and blow drying, it left my hair very, very silky feeling and smelling like apples. I have course hair, so for them to make it slippery/silky I was impressed. I only dozed off at the end of the treatment! The same lady worked on my foot massage too and was excellent with that as well. She had a good technique and pressure. We joined my husband in a private room where he was already being worked on and again, totally appreciated their professionalism because the technicians didn't talk or chatter among themselves.  My hubby enjoyed his massage as well. It is a bit more pricey compared to other spas out there but you do get what you pay for. It has more ambiance here and the shampoo thing is definitely unique to this place. I just wished the shampoo would be more massagey than scratchy. But, I'd come back!
2	Came to Vegas last weekend to enjoy time off. On the last part of the trip we decided to go to Chinatown to walk around eat and get a massage. Not familiar with this place so we try to find whats good on yelp and saw this place offering a deal on Groupon. This is the first time I bought something on groupon and let me tell you my experience with this place and Groupon overall.I saw the deal for 25$ for massage and shampoo or $29 with massage and detox. We bought the $29 figures it would a better deal. We were promptly seated and welcomed inside by the girl and asked are we the groupon customers and we handed the vouchers.We were seated on the bed and had our feet soaked in a tub of hot water for 15 minutes. The young girl then came to me to upsell which 9$ more I get 15 extra massage. It was last day, body tired exhausted so what the heck we bought it anyways.Now onto the massage, the face massage was relaxing at first but the neck was so ticklelish I had to ask her multiple time to soften it up as I cant help but laugh. There was no back massage like other places Ive been too. The worst part of themassage was on my feet. I have been to these chinese massages for over 10 times and never have I felt this pain. It was scraping my bones off my feet literally but I was with my girlfriend and didnt want to destroy the mood but man was I in pain, not only the feet but I nearly had all 10 toes scraped off, it hurt that bad and I cant wait for it to end, and for the ending, what did I get? 30 minutes of soaking in the water to detox, wow how relaxing was that. So for 29$+9$ extra massage+$10 tip which is almost 50$. I got 30 minutes of barely good massage and a foot massage to remember.Was overall a terrible experience, the staff was friendly but it was so painful I would not recommend it unless you want to hurt yourself. Maybe next time I will pay regular price instead of using groupon. You have been warned. Proceed with caution.
4	$22.00 gets you a very relaxing 30 min door massage and a detoxifying machine that cleans and determines what was cleaned the most needed within your body. I would come back here for a foot or scalp massage again
1	i didnt want to give this place any stars but i guess i have to give it atleast 1 star in order post a comment. I called to make a RSVP and it's 1:31 am my whole body aches and I yelped to see what spa was still open this late. I seen that this place doesn't close till 4am so I called but no one answered but it was weird that they returned my missed call. Told me she was gonna call the shop & see if theyre still open. calls back in 2 mins & tells me they're not open. kinda sketchy if you ask me & I'm really big on getting massages.
3	Good price, but it was a weird experience.  Masseuse started to massage my shoulders with my shirt still on, now I have massage lotion all over the place.  It was also kind of a frenetic pace instead of slow deliberate movements that were relaxing it was like someone was just jamming me with their fists and elbows.  It is really hard to explain why it was so weird, but not as relaxing as I would have hoped.
5	Quiet relaxing place for couples or family's. They allow kids. Family Friendly. Love it and would always go again.
5	I called to make a reservation they told me a price and a time, no other details. For the great price I only expected a 30 minute massage but we got a full body, head, and hot stone massage. The therapists were amazing. I will definitely be going back. By the way it was a couples massage. It was very intimate and relaxing.
