3	I was hyped about Little Buddha.  It shares owners with my all time favorite Buddha Bar on Rue Boissy d'Anglas in Paris.  It was indeed as beautiful as I'd hoped.  But then...I got GLASS in my ASS.  Yes.  You heard me.  I slid into the booth, and there were tons of little shards.  I was wearing a short leather skirt.  Legs got poked, finger got cut.  This was not fun.  They should have bought me a damn drink.  No such luck.Food was good, service was good.  Waiters have good recommendations.  They played my beloved Buddha Bar CD's the whole time.  I would go back, but would steer clear of the booth.
5	Not only is the food really good, but the look of the place is great too. I would love to have a first date here or any special occasion celebration :)
3	Food was great.  Location was great. Decor? Great.  Our server however, was on crack.  He had the attention span of a fruit fly.  He could not even stay focused long enough to ask everyone at the table for their order.  Would spin by the table and asked if anyone wanted more drinks and would take the order of the first person who spoke up ... then leave and no amount of shouting could get him back.  Drink would arrive eventually and  one more person would be able to order.  Some appetizers never arrived.  Our main courses never arrived because he forgot to come back and take our order for that.  Luckily we over ordered apps.  We finally had to leave to find a cocktail cause if I'm in Vegas and finished with my dinner and I'm still sober, there is a problem.
4	The food is expensive, if you're paying for it - i got a huge comp for this place and a reservation made.  I guess that's more of a compliment for the palms than this place, but this place was pretty impressive.  They even accomodated 3 extra people we picked up on the way to the resaurant from the tables.  Our server was quick and knowledgeable unfortunately, the kitchen moves slower than a glacier.  The food is great.  The buddha roll and the palms roll are both awesome and the hamachi was fresh and buttery.  The appetizers were tasty as well.  The ambiance is great too.  The place is dark and they have some music playing.  It reminded me of both Sushi Groove and Blowfish.  It ranks below groove, but is better than blowfish in every single way.  Overall, a great place to go.  I've had better sushi at this price and lower prices, but was quite impressed by this place since steak seems to be the high class food of choice at Vegas.
4	its called little buddha, not "little buddha cafe"I eat Sushi about 4 times a week.  Little Buddah has the BEST spicy tuna rolls in vegas..close second is sushi roku at fourm shops.  Also, their yellowtail sashimi with ponzu is gorgeous, fresh and delish...OK, this is a fact....best lobster in town...it is grilled and perfect...not chewy, sweet....its perfect..kicks delmonicos ass...no jokeThe decor and vibe are great, i can't comment on other dishes b/c i am a pescatarian and havent tried any other meat dishes..enjoy..im serious about the lobster
4	Pretty tasty food and nice, friendly fun staff. The hostess even gave us comps to Ghost Bar. Personally, I'm never really a fan of places with buddhas as decorations but that's my Asian American Studies major side talking (Come on how many bars do you know have a Jesus, rabbi or nuns theme?) Our bachelorette party had a good time here; a couple of Aussies came by the chitchat with us. The staff had a good sense of humor too, since they had overhead my "creative" mind saying if we could make the dessert into a penis shape and they said they could and it came even with pubey alfalfa hairs. har har.
4	I love this place.  The restaurant is beautiful, with vaulted ceilings and huge buddha statues and the best music selections in any restaurant!.  The food and sushi is great.  I usually get hamachi and unagi nigiri for starters, the chilean seabass for main course and then, the liquid center chocolate cake!!  My bill usually comes to about 100.00$ for 2 people, which isn't bad for a nice restaurant in Vegas.  There has been a time or two where the service left a little to be desired. Once, my chocolate cake wasn't warmed so the center wasn't liquid and had to be taken back.  I guess I wouldn't have realized if I didn't know what it was supposed to be like but, it's so much better with liquid!  There was another time I had to send something back too but, I can't remember now.  Usually, I think those things are more in the kitchen than the servers fault.
2	You walk into Little Budha and the decor takes your breathe away . There is a nice bar and you get expect to have an amazing meal and experience. Well..it's all down hill from there. Our waiter decided we weren't good enough for his time (a fact which was reflected in our tip  to him) and the food was a step below Panda Express. The bar is beautiful but the cocktails are mediocre at best. If you want a good asian meal, go somewhere else....
4	4 stars for ambiance alone!  Like its been said, this place is beautiful! We arrived at 9 on time for our reservation and they were running about 15 minutes behind so we had a short wait at the bar.  The music was good, drinks good, people were cool.  I was surprised to hear latin music in an asian themed restaurant, but hey we were having a good time, I can't complain! On to the food...I actually wanted to give this place about 3 stars for the food because it really was just your average sushi place.  Only roll that stood out was George's something or other.  Service was a bit slow, especially at the end when we were trying to get our credit cards back.  They could definitely work on that.  Basically, if you are looking for a good time with a scene & great music, go here.  Look elsewhere if you are looking for great service and food.
5	First off, I don't really care about ambiance, but this place is bad-ass.  Sushi was awesome.  Fish was perfect.Drinks were strong and great.I wish this place were cheaper but when you go "upscale sushi", it's going to be on the expensive tip.Service could have been a little better, but it was acceptable
4	We entered the reception area of this Paris (the country not the casino) import via two massive doors with Chinese lanterns lighting the way.  Chef Gerard Canales, formerly head chef at the highly acclaimed Japenego restaurant at the Hyatt Lake Las Vegas Resort, has introduced many new and innovative dishes while retaining longtime favorites.  The dining area itself is dominated by an enormous Buddha and classical and Asian music plays softly in the background.  We shared an appetizer of lobster cakes, cumin aioli and Thai mango chutney.  For entrees we each chose the Korean barbecue salmon over potato cake topped with a green papaya salad.  The meal was superb though our server was personality challenged.
5	No trip to Vegas is complete (for me, anyhow) without a trip to Little Buddha at the Palms Casino Resort.  If you are serious and particular about your sushi, you will not be disappointed.  The decor is dark and intriguing ... its trendy and chic yet, relaxing and chill.  The perfect blend to ease into the loooooong night/morning ahead.  Quite possibly the best sushi I've ever had ... ever.  ever!!The cocktails aren't anything to scoff at either.
3	The place looks hip and amazing.  Reminded me of the Budha Bar in Paris (very slightly).However, the food is just okay.  The clear mushroom and soup was good but the Pad Thai was mediocre.  E had the maguro and hamachi which were fine.This was also the site of the famous 'flying shrimp tail fight'.  Sorry, I digress...The service was nice and friendly.Everything was good but nothing spectacular.
3	this place is overhyped and overpriced. i would compare it to p.f. chang's except with pretty decor and a longer cocktail list. the food (and sushi) are nothing to rave about.i should probably caveat that judgment by saying i am from the bay area and a little spoiled when it comes to my raw fish. however, i think there are better options in vegas.
4	Beautiful decor and great ambiance.Service was friendly but a little slow.Cocktails were excellent.Appetizers were delicious.Rolls were average to above.Entrees were average to below.I would definitely eat here again if I was staying at the Palms or partying at one of the clubs but I don't know that I would make a special trip over just for the food.
2	I absolutely hated this restaurant.  We were staying at The Palms and arrived at the restaurant without a reservation - I know the nerve huh.  We were traeted so poorly by the hostess I just wanted out of there - however, my friends wanted to stay.  The waitress was just as bad as the hostess - rude rude rude.  The food was overpriced and not very tasty.
3	Wife and I ate here because we were seeing Bjork at the Pearl/staying at the Palms Hotel.  Picked it out of the various hotel restaurant selections because it seemed like the least likely place to get overfed.The decor/environment is amusing enough- lots of buddha statues and piped in music that will please fans of "Enigma."  I'd actually give that aspect four stars.Unlike many of the reviewers below, I found the service to be attentive to the point of over-attentive, which is not typically a problem int the greater so cal area- props to that server.I find it fairly astonishing that some reviewers singled out the prices as being "too high."  Whatever you want to say about Little Buddha, I just can't say that "over priced" is one of the valid criticisms.  Prices were in line with a typical big city sushi restaurants.  The menu, which combines your standard sushi fare with a collection of chinese food, some thai and some typical european mains (steak. fish) with asian preparation)  might be a little pricey on the chinese side ($20 for mongolian beef), but hell- it's VEGAS!  You want cheap? Go to the buffet.The pacing of our meal was way subpar- we ordered an appetizer, salads, sushi and desert and were "done" in under an hour.  Personally, when I'm dining on vacation i want a little more time- this wasn't a business lunch.  The pacing gets "one star."As for the sushi itself- I'm not sure how ANYONE could call this the best sushi they've ever have, unless, of course, they're from someplace where they don't have good sushi anywhere.  I would call the sushi here "average".  The jalapeno/yellowtail sashimi dish we had was not spicy at all, in fact it might have well just been called regular old yellowtail sashimi for all the spice the preparation added to the experience.Didn't try the chinese food or the more european mains, but the diners on either side were chowing down and I didn't overhear any complaints.Apparently this restaurant is big in Paris, but frankly, I find that impossible to credit.  I think the reviewer below who compared this place to "PF Chang's with a better cocktail menu" is in the ballpark, but the sushi is something you can't get at PF Changs.  You can, however, get sushi like this in any mid size to large city in the contiential united states.
3	woah, the entire time we were eating dinner they played enigma -esque music from um...the mid nineties or whenever enigma was around - I think you might think this place was hip and cool if you were from the mid-west (sorry midwesterners but that's my observation based upon comments from the people dining around us) - the sushi was respectable and the price was okay for vegas - the service was attentive  - I just would not eat here again - we were staying at the palms to see a concert and had to eat dinner before the show and we wanted to stay close-by so it filled its role..
3	I have to admit that part of the reason I ate here with some friends is that it's almost impossible to book a decent restaurant during CES.   Yeah there are a gazillion choices in Las Vegas and granted I come from the land of sushi, but Little Buddha was a decent pick.  We opted for some of the appetizers to start: the crab cakes and the pot stickers (the shrimp ones) were delish.  The sushi was pretty good as well and the mongolian beef was nice and spicy.  The ambience is chil and despite what others have written I found the service to be good.  Then again it was CES and people were probably on their best behavior.  I'm not sure I would choose to go back when there are so many other amazing restaurants in Vegas, but if you're going to the ghostbar or staying at the Palms it's not a bad option.
3	My boyfriend and I came here about six weeks ago and really enjoyed the experience. Only three stars because it was over priced, the service was really unfriendly.. but fast and even for Las Vegas and our reserved table for two was way too small. Besides that I would recommend to try it. We had lobster spring rolls and lettuce wraps for appetizers. I strongly recommend the lettuce wraps, they were the best I have ever had and this is a dish I like to try whenever I see it on a menu, these are the best though! We also enjoyed some Japanese beer and were impressed by the sake selection.  The sushi was nothing special except the toro was delicious, but when is it not?!The decor was superb, we loved the lighting and mood of the space. The huge Buddha was really cool to see too.
4	We had great service on a Sunday night before going to Playboy Club.  My husband and I agree that this was the best Orange Chicken we've had in a long time-and we order it a lot!  We didn't get cocktails, and our bill was super reasonable for everything we ate-and I love the Buddha Bar music!
5	This place is definitely up there with one of the best dining experiences I've had in the US.  I was staying at the Palms with a friend, when we decided to treat ourselves to a meal at this fine restaurant. Just walking into Little Buddha puts your mind at ease. It's so zen....mannn. The Buddha Bar music, the dim lighting, incense, ambiance...is a welcoming contrast to the neon, fluorescent green limousine, peroxide blond, big breasted, coin slotting ghetto-fabulous Palms Resort that the restaurant lies within. I sipped on their Choya Umeshu...a famous and exquisite plum wine. It went down a treat, with the sashimi and maki.  We had the Peking duck, the tiger shrimp and the san choi bow. I loved their Asian fusion cooking, treats inspired from all across the continent, and a bit of French influence added.  The meal was amazing. The service was impeccable.  Even if you're not staying at the Palms, I would recommend a dinner at Little Buddha. My pal and I left, very happy and full little Buddhas. It was such a pleasant experience...in comparison to the debauchery we were about to face on The Strip.
4	The ambiance of Little Buddha is amazing.  There is no denying that this place is very cool and sexy.  The dark, red, lounge like  inside is a really nice contrast to the day glow decor of the casino.  My friends and I came here for a light dinner before going out.  The food and service was very good.  Definitely a fun, cool way to start the night.
5	This is our go-to place when we want an adult night out.  Very cool and serene atmosphere with impeccable service.  We've never had a bad meal at Little Buddha but we mostly stick with the dim sum, pot stickers and sushi.  Plus lots of drinks.
5	There's nothing better for me in Las Vegas than making enough money to pay for my food and wine habit.  I hit on the Kentucky derby and playing poker made me a grip as well so my buddy and I headed over to grab some bait.  We sat at the sushi bar and I ordered a nice Junmai Daigingo bottle of sake that was reasonably priced around $100 for a 700ml.  I scribbled a bunch of marks on the sushi menu and handed it to the chef.  "You order too much!" he replied.  I gave him my biggest smile and rebuttled, "We're professionals..." to him.  He smiled and began to cut the toro sashimi, uni sashimi, maguro, sake, hamachi, ikura, shiro maguro, and a couple of rolls that my buddy ordered.  The fish was remarkable.  I was a bit bummed that they did not have any monkfish liver on (or off) the menu.  Love that stuff and it's just rare to find it.We ordered twice more before calling it a night.  I rolled myself out of there, happily drunk off sake and feeling the buzz of good happy fish in my stomach.  I'd go back in a heartbeat.
5	Damn Damn this place was goodDamn I went here honestly thinking it would suck and I would be writing a bad reviewDamn I was wrongThe hubby and I cruised on in Sunday night and were seated right away by a very friendly hostess. I like the decor and layout - very cool. I think red is just damn sexy period!Our server was very nice and friendly  - between the busboy and her, we were well taken care of. Sushi was killer - it ranks with the best places I have ever enjoyed the take of the sea. I suggest the Palm Roll and the spicy scallop and shrimp....okay everything we ended up ordering was perfection. And damn, the manager even came over to check on us and we had a very nice chat with him. Damn I was wrongDamn I can't wait to go back!
3	This place is definitely catered towards non-asians with a large bank roll!That being said...we didn't really expect to eat authentic Asian food here since it is an "Asian Fusion" restaurant.  Decor:  Awesome.  Very trendy/hip/spacious restaurant.  Service:  Great.  Food:  Good but overpriced.  We paid $12 for a calamari appetizer which was really your typical deep fried squid with spicy salt dish that you can order at any Chinese restaurant for $7-8 with double/triple the serving amount.  And it usually tastes better at a hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant.  Their rolls were good and everything tasted fresh.
5	japan meets dark, modern chic ambiance in the palms hotel.i've had good sushi, bad sushi, salty sushi, old sushi. of all the sushis, this one was the best. i wasn't sure what to expect from sushi in the middle of the desert.. and boy, was i surprised! we ordered everything under the sun, from miso to rainbow rolls to tempura to unagi. the service was great (although everyone's orders came inconsistently) and they gave my friend the best birthday dessert & celebration!!without a doubt, one of vegas' hottest restaurants.
4	It's a hip, pretty place with good service and good food--but yeah, you pay for it.
3	*Note this is actually a 3.5, but I decided to round down due to the "value" component of the evening. Atmosphere.. awesome.. Service, decent. This place definitely feels trendy asian fusion from the moment we walked in. BUT, my #1 most important thing is food, and does the food somewhat justify its cost. Cocktails: Quite happy with them, but I've had so many incredible $10+ cocktails in Vegas it's hard to  give them an extra star. We had the godzilla and dragonfly for reference.Appetizer: Rock shrimp tempura. This is always one of our favorites, but this one had a bit too much mayo. Presentation was cute (in a chinese takeout box), but the one at Shibuya is just tastier. Decent value/size for $15.Sushi: We requested twice all sushi have no wasabit on it at all. We both hate wasabi. We ended up ordering yellowtail sushi, Toro sushi, and the Palms roll. Yellowtail sushi was awesome as was Toro.. fresh, buttery, not chewy, not fishy! yum! However, Toro did have wasabi on it. The Palms roll wasn't good at all. I know some people go for the no rice thing but to me this thing tasted like a gooey fish ball. We weren't able to finish it .. it just wasn't that good. Duck: Very yummy, however it was $30. The rendition of duck at PF Changs is honestly JUST AS GOOD, but about $12. I realize this is the freaking Palms, so I'm not complaining.. just have to point that out. Overall a nice evening, and I'd eat there again... but only if dragged by friends. There are too many yummy asian fusion places here in Vegas where I can drop $150 on dinner to frequent this mediocre spot.
4	This is a place to go for bday dinners, night out before clubs, special occasions, dates, etc. So far for Asian fusion it's my fave in Vegas. I love the way it looks inside. Yes it is expensive (-1 star for that) but so is everywhere else on the strip, so it's not unbelievable. The ambiance is fun, trendy, and modern!I've been many times, usually order fish it's always good. I also like their Chinese Chicken Salad. Their lettuce wraps with spicy tuna, etc is excellent! Dessert is not good here.
2	Overpriced!!Not much to choose from!!! Just the basics...Ive had way way way better at an all you can eat place for $26-28 a person!!!It is a very pretty restaurant, (which is where both of the 2 stars came from) a lot of cool stuff to look at but walk though the place and use the bathroom if you want to see it, dont spend $200.00 for 3 or 4 rolls and some sushi..I think there were even some "working girls" there sitting and walking around... just not my idea of a good time when out with the husband and some friends...... and Overpriced!!      Ohhh well, we tried!!
3	Being a huge sushi fans, the boy and I decided to at Little Buddha before our drive back to LA.I was very impressed with the decor, I mean honestly, the color red just oozes sexy, so a whole red restaurant dimly lit=SEX! The service was prompt and knowledgeable, but not the extra mile kind I have come to expect from Vegas restaurants.The sushi was good, basic rolls, nothing very fancy. Definitely not the kind of sushi I fantasize about, but still very good. Prices were on the higher end, but then again, its Vegas and lord knows they have to fly that fish in daily....so....I would come back here, but only if Social House wasn't an option.
5	I was staying at the Palms anyway so i figured to try it out. I'm so glad I did.  Its a very well decorated space and seems a great place for large groups. We ordered a few appetizers, the beef satay being simply short of amazing. My entree was a sea bass which was well prepared and tasty. The next time I'm in Vegas I will defiantly visit this Little Buddah again.
3	We had to fill our tummies before heading up to Rain so we stopped by for some "Asian" food. Yeah...this place was a bunch of Asian cuisines rolled into one.  Everything was just okay. I had the uni sushi...of course. But it wasn't very good. The rice was soggy and just all wrong. The rolls tasted fine and the fried rice was okay but nothing to write home about. There was no party in my mouth. The service was pretty good. The decor was nice. Pretty pricey for mediocre food but it's Vegas I guess. I doubt I'll eat here again...I want a party.
5	Yum, I love Little Buddah.  It's one of my favorite restaurants ever and, it offers my favorite Sea Bass entree ever.  I used to frequent this trendy, tasty joint when I lived in Vegas and now that I'm reduced to tourist, I have to be happy just going on every trip.  The restaurant itself is an aesthetic treat and will impress any date.  They have a large buddha statue that looks over a front round sunken dining area as well as more dining in the back.  I prefer eating up front.  The music is also always topic of conversation as they always play the most interesting and provoking music.The sushi is always fresh and delish, my liquid center chocolate cake is always  to die for AND... the sea bass is always the favorite dish ordered from all the friends choices.  Go with the Bass...Because all of this is also reasonably priced for such great food and beautiful restaurant, I'm giving 5 stars!  It's usually less than 100$ for 2 people before tip... if you don't drink. hahaSee ya there!
4	I was starving when we came here!  The atmosphere here is really nice and relaxing.  Very plush and almost extravagant in a way.  There are buddhas everywhere which I thought was cute.  (That's probably why they call this restaurant Little Buddha, huh?)  The sushi was amazing!  We had the Beef Satay which melted in your mouth.  And I loved the Yellowtail Sashimi!  My Seaweed Salad was also delish!  I didn't try any cocktails or rolls, but based off that, this place was yummy!
4	Good as it gets for American Style Sushi-I think it all comes down to preference-- this is not the place for people looking for extensive cuts of Toro sushi or quail egg shooters or some of the kimshi style exotic foods.  Now that we got that out of the way,  this place rocks-- literally!Have you ever grooved out to the Buddha Bar CD collection-- the standard of ambient house/world music/electronica. (ok, I have a few of these).  The original Buddha Bar in Paris has branched out and now has an offspring in Las Vegas- continues the very chic, upscale theme of the original.  Not that I would go to a restaurant solely on the decor-- the food has to stand on its own.Our table of four ordered a spicy salmon/tuna/shrimp appetizer-- each was ground into a paste that we scooped up with belgian endive-- almost like those appetizer spoons on trays-- very yummy and creative.For the main course, we ordered the standard fare-- catapiller rolls, rainbow rolls, toro sushi, yellowtail sushi, etc.  The fish was very fresh and the spicy sauce was substantially better than most places that squirt some red stuff from a bottle.  We finished with a Buddha bar speciality- a roll that mixed yellowfin, shrimp, and scallops without any rice.  Surprisingly, the mixture was was excellent-- I definitely would order this again for variety!Recommended for anyone who appreciates sushi and enjoys variety within the american fusion style.
3	This place was very trendy and romantic! My honey took me here to celebrate our win at craps.. The ambiance caters toward a romantic evening- which was perfect for us. We had the hot & sour soup which was mediocre at best and the king crab tempura. I was not impressed at all with the tempura, the sauce was very bland. I don't know about the other dishes offered there but the service was actually great. 3 stars...
4	I stayed at the Palms this weekend so we ate at Little Buddha on Sat night.  I had a Lychee Martini that was strong, but pretty good.  I had the Spicy Lettuce Wraps, which was a very good amount, portion-wise.  It had small balls of spicy sashimi with some endives to make a little wrap.  It wasn't spicy at all (in my book) but it was tasty.  My bf had the Orange Chicken which was pretty good as well.  My friends got the Chow Mein (did't try) and the Wok Fried Calamari and Shrimp.  It was decent.  It definitely wasn't the best food or the best prices, but hey, it's Vegas.  It's going to be pricy and the "Asian Fusion" is going to be way less Asian than it is Fusion.  So don't go into Little Buddha if you're expecting fantastic Asian food.  You go for the ambiance and simply the fact that it's a "fancy" Vegas restaurant.  Oh, but DO get the Liquid Center Chocolate Cake.  :)  Beautiful.
4	Great little sushi bar inside the plams.  Only open for dinner but dont let that deter you, they had some really solid rolls, including several inspired specialty rolls.A couple friends also ate chinese off the dinner menu, the ornage chicken and mongolian beef, both looked great for anyone who cant get down with the raw fish.bottom line: If you like sushi, you'll love this place.
5	I'm getting hungry just thinking about this place. The Palms roll is an absolute must. Trust me, just go there and order it. You will be amazed.Great food, great service, and everything is reasonably priced.
3	Not bad.The spicy tuna wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was still good for what it was; the Mongolian beef wasn't as savory as it could've been; the orange chicken was the best dish of the night; the chow mein was... chow mein. My absolute favorite part of the night: the liquid center chocolate lava cake.The atmosphere was nice - dark, hip, sexy, with Asian decor and modern accents. The service was attentive, the water glasses were filled up almost after every sip (with free water!... what a concept), our server was very personable and the bill was so light I forgot I was in Vegas, or rather a trendy restaurant at the Palms.
4	We only had apps, sushi and drinks, but the Little Buddha roll was nice--extra crunchy seaweed wrapper, high grade ingredients. Yum.  The miso soup was some of the best I've ever had.  The BBQ ribs were also good.The drinks were tasty, but not strong and in teeny glasses.It's a lovely room, nice vibe, and I've always been a fan of Buddha Bar music.  The service was excellent.If you're in Vegas, looking for some good sushi and to chill out, I'd recommend it.
2	We came here on our first night for dinner and while the service was excellent, the food was just OK.  It's not that it was bad it was just not that exciting, I guess I expected more out of a Vegas restaurant.  The shrimp with the rice noodles were HUGE but a little stringy and the salmon was a little strong tasting but the seafood dumplings were yummy.  The dessert, some molten chocolate thing was dry and the ice cream with it too hard, we kept banging the plate with our spoons and it was flipping all over the place (is that too nit-picky?? if so, ignore!)!  Sidebar, don't you feel like molten chocolate cakes are over now?  I mean you can buy these at the store already made and just microwave them, think up another way to serve chocolate cake already!! (ignore also the fact that we ordered it!)  A friend I was with was very impressed that the moment he "looked" like he needed service, he got it, so that was a plus.  Overall a decent place, I just wouldn't recommend it since there are so many other places to go.
3	The atmosphere is really cool. The prices weren't bad at all. Now the reason I can't give this place a higher score isn't because the food wasn't great. It actually was, but the next day I got really sick. So Im worried it was food poisning. =/ The people that ordered sushi were fine and seemed to really enjoy it. I had the steamed rice and mongolian beef, with an order of spring rolls. The food was pretty good and I was stoked when we got the bill and it didn't break us (seeing we were a large group). We even had drinks. So Im hoping its just a flu and not the food, because over all it was pretty good and I did like the place.
1	2 words: Food Poisoning.I had a Rainbow Roll. That was all I ate. Around 230am I started having pains and started throwing up. I was stuck in my room, not enjoying vegas for the next 2 days vomiting and sitting on the toilet.NEVER going to eat here again.
1	One of those places that should only serve water and vinegar at the bar......Why you ask?  Cause they're a bunch of DOUCHES !!!!My wife and I were invited guests.. Our host made a reservation a few days in advance for a Saturday night party of 18 people.  They said they could accommodate us, NO PROBLEM.  "No problem?" "No problem!" ...No problem my wasabe right testicle.We get to the restaurant and are immediately surprised, they have separated us into two tables.  Kind of interesting cause our host didn't remember making a reservation for two tables of nine, it was supposed to be one table of 18.  What the fuck happened to "No problem" ??Our host originally agreed, a party of 18 people, price fixed menu.  Okay, we were fine with that, we understood it was a big party... But, if you're going to break us into two smaller parties than why can't we order off the regular menu?  "You can't order off the menu because it will slow down the kitchen.""So what happens when you have two separate parties of nine come in?  Do they have to have a price fixed menu too?"  "No!"  "Well, if you're not going to sit us together like you said you would, remember, NO PROBLEM??  Then we expect to be able to order off the regular menu.."  "I'm sorry, we can't do that...""No, we're sorry for your inability to deliver a table as promised and then not being accommodating to your customers...  Well take our $2500 elsewhere..."  18 people got up and left..  Thanks for the shitty Sake!And if you read this whole review, be smart, go to Tao.Oh yeah, forgot one thing.. The manager of the restaurant had the nerve to call the person in our party that booked the reservation, "Under the influence"...  That's right, he called our host drunk.  She hadn't even been drinking...
1	My rating system (5 is the best)    Food=0  //  Service=0  //  Attitude=-10 //  Crowd=Normal  //  Consistency=No  //  Bathrooms=The best part of the experience //  Overrated=YESTOP 5 WORST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCES... For a little Buddha the manager had a big napoleon complex. I was a victim of that Waterdog large party massacre. 18 people took taxis from the Wynn... When we arrived the restaurant was 1/2 empty and the manager decided to split up the group. He was a triple threat - a total liar, bad attitude and worse breath. When I told him I would Yelp about our experience - he said don't threaten me.No threats here - there are too many good restaurants in Vegas, save your money and your taxi fare...
1	Little Buddha - Big Attitude :( There is no Zen at this Buddha dump. Our party of 18 was told to wait in the tiny bar area - where one bartender took 30 minutes to splash together a very mediocre drink. ONE Bartender on Sat Night .... uh oh! Then the bait and switch began. Our "table for 18" was nothing more than two table seated near each other - just far enough to hear nothing, see little, and be charged a lot. After endless discussions, we were forced to order off a set menu - evidently a table of 8 was much too complex for their kitchen to handle. Rather than sending over the appetizers and getting things moving, the manager managed to offend the entire group, calling us "liars" and "drunks" - incredible! Turns out to be an omen that we didn't order - the stink from the sushi on the table next to us was vile, as if they cleaned the buffet and poured the dirty towel juice over rice - YUCK! If you are looking for a poor knock off of Tao - this is your place. If you have any sense of standards or self-respect, you are better off eating the cherries from a Shirley Temple.
1	Still sucks....Carry on..
4	This place, like most places in casinos on the Strip, has amazing over-the top decor.  The rotunda antechamber is breathtaking, and the following rooms are not much less stunning, with tall ceilings and Buddhist statuary everywhere.We showed up here in a rambunctious herd of about twenty heads on a short notice reservation, and the crew here made us feel welcome.  Our waiter was excellent, my water glass never went empty, and the sushi... well, let's just say it's amazing to think that this place is in the middle of the desert.This is a fairly big-dollar price tag for my style, but when you're in Vegas and you wanna let it all hang out, stop in and suck down a few $12 martinis and start ordering.  The sushi didn't disappoint.
3	My hubby took me here for my birthday last Friday.   I was expecting it to be over the top, and it didn't disappoint.  Although pretty expensive ($22 for a single order of chow mein??!!), the food was good and the service was attentive and fast.  We ordered sushi appetizers, chow mein and rice, and walked away with a tab of $80 (no alcohol mind you).  But all in all, not bad.  I wouldn't make this place a weekly eatery, but for special occasions, it was satisfactory.
2	Great atmosphere, but the food was unremarkable and overpriced.The $20 king roll was no better than something I buy at the store, the Miso soup was pedestrian, the calamari was sub par, and the pork belly tasted like bland pot roast.The service was really good though and at least my beer was cold!
4	The drinks, the raw fish and the atmosphere are all good here. I liked the bar, the tuna, the salmon and some of the shi-shi drinks, too. The sake wasn't bad either.I know, it's probably not a great deal for Vegas where you can get $1 hot dogs and such, so I labeled it spendy.  Man cannot live on nitrates alone when you're going to be up all weekend, so it was worth a few bucks.I'm sure it's not the best sushi in town, but you're in the middle of the desert (did I mention that?) at a party hotel, the fact that I could get decent fish and rolls with a few good friends to kick off a buddy's bachelor party weekend went a long way.
2	We were misguided. Last summer, the guy and I had one of our favorite meals ever at Little Buddha in Vienna, Austria. Thinking that the Little Buddha in Las Vegas would be the same, we decided to try it out. We made reservations for 10 P.M. They didn't have our table ready, so we didn't get seated until about 10:20 P.M. No big deal really, the staff was friendly and seated us as soon as they could. For dinner, we decided we would order a few appetizers and share an entree. To start, we ordered the seafood dumplings, kobe beef tataki, and spicy scallop and salmon roll. The sushi was definitely nothing exciting - it was definitely my least favorite item of the night. The kobe beef tataki needed more flavor and wasn't as tender as I thought it should have been. The best of the bunch - the seafood dumplings - tasted good, but they had an overly pungent smell.For our main entree, we had the miso black cod; I remember this as being the most delicious thing I had eaten in Vienna. The version made by Little Buddha at The Palms was severely lacking in flavor and didn't measure up to my expectations. It was during the main course when a fight broke out at the table behind ours. Some guy punched his friend in the face, and an all-out brawl broke out. We had to abandon our table to get out of the way! Let's just say that the sound of a fist hitting someone in the face made me lose my appetite. The staff seemed concerned about the other patrons in the restaurant, so I think they handled things relatively well, considering the circumstances. I doubt I'll ever visit Little Buddha, or The Palms for that matter, again.At least our meal ended memorably.
5	One of my favorite places to dine.I have been here a handful of times and each time it gets better. The decor when you walk in is breath taking. The entire entry way is lined with Buddhas from different countries. With the red walls and dim lighting it is perfect for an intimate dinner for two or a small group. I am in love with the two large Buddhas that over look the dinning area. The staff here is fantastic. Always attentive, helpful and nice. My water glass was never empty and our waiter recommended an awesome roll for us to try. The food is to die for, with an awesome selection of sushi or traditional Chinese food you cannot go wrong. I totally recommend trying the roll with lobster on top. So good!It is a little expensive, but all restaurants in casinos are.It worth paying extra money for an awesome experience.
5	yummy drinks and sushi!i love the spicy lettuce wraps! it was the bomb. love all that spicyness. the palms roll was very good too. i like that they used cucumbers to wrap the sushi instead of rice. nice crisp and fresh. i also had some complimentary fried rolls of some sort from a coupon since i was staying at the Palms. it was very good too.service was good. prices were expensive, but worth the money! a lot of people were eating here during 7-8pm, but we got seats still.
3	When you think Vegas, you think over the top.  Really there is nothing like the ambiance and vibe that you feel in Vegas anywhere else in the world.  The decor is breathtaking and transportive just like everywhere you go in Vegas.  You almost think that everything is a mirage in the middle of the desert or you're hallucinating due to the number of margaritas that you had by the pool earlier...Little Buddha is an asian fusion joint that was ok, but not great.  Fish was for the most part clean and sweet.  There was a salmon roll that tasted a little off to me.  The highlights are the King's roll and George Roll named after George Maloof.  But, the lighting is so dim you can't really see anything.  Service is excellent, as was the calamari and shrimp appetizer.  Everything else was remincient of RA in HB which I don't need to travel to Vegas for.
5	I went here to celebrate my birthday and have sushi. It was a Sunday night and not crowded but the service and food were great. The decor was awesome - like something you would find in NYC. Drinks were pricey but the rolls were not. The lobster roll was fantastic. We also had the California Roll. The Chicken Spring Rolls are fantastic. The best spring rolls I have ever had and would go here again because of them. The cucumber salad is also delicious. The servers were attentive and had fun stories for us about celebrity sightings (Mariah Carey is a fan of this place). They kept filling our water and making sure we had everything we needed. We also talked to the manager for tips on where to go after dinner. He gave us great suggestions and was really nice and helpful. We ended up going to Ghostbar and the Playboy Club. Both were AWESOME, I definitely recommend both of them. The view at the Ghostbar is unreal, just beautiful. All in all a great dinner and a lot of fun at the Palms.
3	Great atmosphere. Very dark and cozy. The sushi is good, but not amazing. The dinning room seems to fill up around 830p, even during the week. The service was good, again not anything over the top. I tried this place a few times and it is good and would come back but it didn't rock my world.
4	I went to Little Buddha with moderate expectations. I used to work at Palms and just pictured this restaurant as a run of the mill generic zen sushi blah blah blah. In Vegas we have Tao, Social House, Koi, Sushi Samba and I'm sure plenty of other DJ/sushi/lounge joints which are cut from the same cloth. Decor is typical red and black, cuisine is typical Pan Asian and it would be a travesty to see this place busy,  the tables are extremely close together.Started with a Saketini....which sucked. Sake, midori etc. tastes like you cracked open a honeydew and took a bite. Too sweet and too boring. 4/10Service: Very solid, our server was a european or possibly a russian who wasn't there to be your buddy, he was there to execute service with poise and precision. He gave me and my date plenty of privacy but was always there when we were ready for the next step of service. 9/10Food: George's roll! This is the George Maloof's signature roll (He owns the hotel) It was nothing short of phenomenal, quite possibly the best maki roll I've ever had. George's roll is made up of shrimp tempura, avocado and fish roe topped off with lobster. I will be back simply to have this again. 10/10Worth a visit. Two rolls, two drinks and two desserts for $100. Not a great value by any means but if you are clubbing at the Palms its a great spot to start the evening and set the mood.
4	We were in Las Vegas for our youngest sons 21st birthday and went to Little Buddha for dinner.  Service was very good, the waiter was very helpful and attentive. I ordered the George roll and it was delicious! Never had one with lobster on it before so it was a treat. The  only thing I have to complain about is the $60 bottle of sake...same thing we get at home for half the price...but then we WERE in Las Vegas so what can you expect. Great dining expereince and we will return when we go back in November.
4	Went here with a large group in the Palms Hotel.  The inside of the place looks like Tao with lots of Buddhas scattered about, and lots of red and black.Overall the food was very good.  The toro sashimi was great but that is to be expected.  The George's Lobster roll was very good as well.  I also had the miso black cod, which came with a pretty decent amount of cod that was very good.  Other friends got yellowtail, filet mignon and some of the Chinese dishes which they all really enjoyed.  Service was good as well.Definitely on the expensive side but thats Vegas.  Definitely very good but Vegas has so many great restaurants that I cannot give it the 5 star mindblowing Vegas rating.
3	Sushi was creative on the design side, but the flavor wasn't all that.  Don't get me wrong it's not bad, but it didn't blow my mind.  I think of the sushi freshness is looked at and improved, this place would get alot better ratings.They are open late, 11 or 12am I believe, that's a plus.
4	Had a great dinner here on my last trip (since Social House is closed). I love the atmosphere here, very dark and sexy. Our service was impeccable. The sononumo salad has some great chunks of crab meat, which is always a bonus. All of our rolls were fresh and delicious, I was especially in love with the King George's roll. I also enjoyed the lychee martinis. It can be kind of pricy, but it's really not that bad all considered.
4	I really wasn't expecting much, having been at a dozen overpriced sushi bars in hotels. But, we were exhausted and didn't want to get in a cab and Little Buddha was the closest thing to the elevators.  We were there for a CES event and weren't really interested in hanging out with the porn stars that would be there later that week.With such low expectations, it would be nearly impossible to fail. After going past the inevitable "cool but disinterested" hostess, we found ourselves sitting in a round room with visual overload of faux pseudo-Asian artifacts.Granted, we were there on a Tuesday night, so it wasn't the maddening crush I imagine is there on a Friday when Something Is Going On. Regardless, the wait staff were attentive and had some good advice.Flavor-wise, the food was quite good. We had an assortment of pretty normal stuff, but all of it was tasty. The drinks and beer menu is pretty good.  The prices are high, even for sushi. I've eaten at much better sushi joints for less, but I've also eaten much worse sushi for more, so I'll rate this place worth visiting, but not so often.
4	One of our clients brought us here for dinner while we were in town. After looking at the menu for a few minutes, we decided to get three appetizers to split. We tried the Chili Rubbed Beef Satay, Wok Fried Calamari and Shrimp, and Bamboo Steamed Seafood Dumpling.Oh my god. The shrimp were out of this world. The beef satay had a little bit of spice to it, but it was not overbearing. One of the other guys loved the dumplings so much, he beat me to the last one. Darn. As for an entree, I decided to be a little daring and try the Mongolian Beef.  I was a little apprehensive, mainly because I tend to shy away from spicy food. Our host was gushing about it so much, he convinced 3 out of the 4 of us to try it. It came on a HUGE platter, while the dish itself was tossed in vegetables along with a side of white rice (you could also choose brown rice if you were so inclined.)The beef was perfectly cooked, and the spice was not too overwhelming. I also decided to try a Japanese beer...the name escapes me at the moment. It complemented the beef well and had a distinct flavor that you just cannot find in a bottle of Budweiser or Heineken. Speaking of the bottle, it was huge! I was able to get 1 1/2 16oz glasses out of it, and a nice buzz, as well.Loved the decor of the place. It seemed like it would be the ideal spot to take a date. Small groups work well here, as the music isn't too loud to prohibit conversation.As most people know, the Palms is located off the Strip. Definitely worth the trek if you ask me.
3	I liked the atmosphere at Little Buddha.  It was warm and relaxing, upscale and classy.The service was very strong.I started with a bowl of miso soup.  $5.  It was very good.  It had lots of seaweed which gave it a bit of an ocean taste.  I would have liked a little more tofu.Next I had a platter called the king's roll.  It was made up of rather ordinary things (for a Japanese restaurant) combined in a way I thought was unusual.  The roll was several shrimp tempura.  wrapped around that was rice and seaweed.  then a layer of spicy tuna, finished with a layer of avocado.  It was tasty and interesting but didn't really wow me.  There were 10 slices for $20 bucks.  I think finishing the rolls with avocado just made for too much avocado.  It's pretty rich.
1	Gar-bage. That's all I can say about this place. I give it one star because if you're not from here and you're around this place then it's not that bad but it's also not good. Where to begin: The AtmosphereThe atmosphere goes for trendy, loud music blaring while you eat, it can be really annoying or actually blend really well depending on what the DJ is spinning. As soon as you walk in it's almost like a giant circle with a sushi bar a little further away and of course a big giant buddha. I actually liked the decor there was something about it that was just the right amount of touch. Good job on that. Not a fan of the bathroom situation though. You have to leave the restaurant and walk through the casino to get to the bathrooms. I'm a people watcher so I don't mind watching the antics involved around the casino especially for those trying to set up shop at  Rain or Moon depending on which bathroom you go to but I can see how it's kind of tedious to go outside of the restaurant to use the bathroom. Ah well, it happens.The FoodVery very subpar. Actually it's really terrible considering all the other amazing places we have in Vegas. There were a couple of dishes that were actually pretty good but of course being in the Palms was unnecessarily over-priced. I don't mind dropping several hundred on a good meal but not if it's something that I can find somewhere else that is better quality and half the price. But hey I get it, you're paying for the experience and it is in the Palms so it's all good. However, even if it was a local restaurant the food would still be very subpar at best.The ServiceAhhh saving the best part for last. I want to give this place a C but I also want to give it an F. The hostess was super nice and very cute. Our server couldn't hear a thing we were saying thanks to the music but was nice and kind of attentive. However, the busser or food runner or whatever his title is, was just an utter disgrace to the service industry. What a black-eye to all the hard workers out there. I believe his name was Andre or something like that, white guy bald head from balding, and a very unnecessary attitude. So listen Andre or whatever your name is, if you don't like your position, then quit. If you had a bad day, be a big boy and push it aside there's a reason why they call it the "service" industry. You don't have to bend over backwards and provide 5 star service but if there's eight of us and we asked for eight waters there's no need to have an attitude when you bring out six and we ask for two more. There's no need to slam waters down, roll your eyes if someone asks for a fork or throw a temper tantrum like a five year old because YOU brought out the wrong order. And there's no need to continue to mutter things under your breath, at least save it for when you're out of earshot. There weren't any difficult or demanding customers in the party and these aren't difficult things to ask for and seem generally commonplace. I hope you aren't a reflection of the rest of your staff because if so I'd rather be treated poorly at a place with better food.
3	We came here for my friend's birthday. The atmosphere was very nice, funky asian. Our server was very attentive. We ordered the Mongolian Beef, Spicy Tuna roll, George's roll, and Chow Mien. The beef was excellent. Very tender and cooked to perfection. The rest was mediocre. For the price, it would've been better to go to a hole in the wall. I understand that we were paying for the ambience, but as a college student this was definitely a splurge. It was a little awkward that the windows in the restaurant looked out into the casino (lets face it I am from California all windows look outside). It is a very trendy restaurant. Also, if you are going for a birthday, they will not buy you a dessert but put a candle in it for you. Just a heads up.
3	I recently won a trip to the Palms. I had a craving for sushi so I decided to try Little Buddha. You can definitely find better if you're willing to travel a little to the Naked Fish. Anyway, the service was good, but the food was very pricey (even for sushi). I found it was tasteful, but not especially great. In my opinion, it was not worth the price for what you get.
4	We strictly went for appetizers and drinks before our event .  We told our server that we needed to be out by a certain time and she was on it:)Korean BBQ Pork Spareribs, Edemame, Spider Roll and Dynamite Spicy Tuna and Advocado Roll.  All delish.  Especially Loved that this was in the Palms. Super convenient!
4	I am a sushi lover and quite picky about where I eat it. In fact, I generally wont eat as a sushi restaurant unless it is recommended to me by someone who has eaten there first.  Fortunately, Little Buddha was recommended to me!Being in the Palms, you expect it to be a bit trendy - and it is.The sushi was absolutely delicious! I had salmon, tuna, eel, escolar, and a rainbow roll. All tasted like it was pulled from the ocean and tossed onto my plate (with some nice prep work in between). It was a little pricey, but by no means over the top.I would definitely recommend it, as long as you don't mind a trendy type atmosphere.
3	Good sushi. Friendly service. High prices. That sums up Little Buddha.I'm probably a cheap skate, but I don't see the need to dine at high-priced sushi places. I can get just as good sushi in myriad other Vegas locations for much less. The only reason I ate here is because my friend had $65 worth of free food to spend at the Palms. That didn't really get us much food, but enough to satisfy our light appetites.I do love sushi, but I'm not picky. I don't need to pay $20 for a roll to enjoy it. With that said, if you're at the Palms and money is no object, Little Buddha will certainly satiate your sushi appetite.
4	This was by far the BEST place we ate in Vegas. I am only giving it 4 stars because half our table had food for about 15 minutes before the rest of the table was served. Everyone loved their meal including those who got sushi. This was also one of the more affordable meals we had about $20 a plate, unless you count the Kobe steak (which was about $40). I had the lettuce wraps as my meal and it was MORE than enough. It was very good and I am glad I had it. I ate almost all they gave me and couldn't breathe from eating so much after. One of the other girls had the orange chicken and said it was the best she has ever had. It was also a girl in our groups birthday. they brought out a choc, volcano cake which was FABULOUS!!!!! I recommend going here for dinner it was great!
4	This sushi is good.  Really good.  And there prices are well...a little pricey for my budget palate.  I guess you get what you pay for though.I had been here years ago with some friends, and we want some late night sushi before we headed out for a night of gambling.  Tried the miso soup, fried rice, rainbow roll and whatever I snagged from my friends plate.  The miso soup was good, not the best but good nonetheless.  The rainbow roll was great though.  And whatever it was that I snagged off my friends plate was tasty.  It really was some of the freshest stuff I tasted.  Fresh sushi in the middle of the desert?  Well it was.  The fried rice was also top notch.  So while the prices are a little high (It's in the Palms), the this stuff is legit.
4	Intimate, trendy and delicious. A tad bit dark (we had to use the light from my camera phone to read the menu) but it adds to the intimacy of the atmosphere. The sushi was delicious. Some of the best I've had. And the price was reasonable. There are also plenty of non-sushi choices on the menu. There was just something really special about Little Budha. I have added it to the places I will always visit in Las Vegas.
5	If I lived in Vegas, I would be here ALL the time. LOVE. Things to dig:Its pretty. Really. Love the decor and ambiance.Service. I am a whore for good service. FRESH. SUPER FRESH. UBER FRESH. yay fish!Fave apps:1. Wok Fried Calamari and Shrimp- lightly fried and golden with a sweet and spicy dip laced with fish sauce. 2. Korabuta Pork Potstickers- extra special potstickers, not at all greasy with an awesome ginger sauce.3. Filo Wrapped Tiger Prawns- shredded filo envelops these gigantic prawns and they are laid in a basil-coconut sauce that is out of this world.Fave Rolls:1. Little Buddha Roll- this is one of those rolls where it is a lot, but it all just goes together. The crab is awesome and of course anytime you have spicy and sweet together I am a fan. 2. Fantasy Roll- light and fresh. The crab is real and king and the halibut is thin on top.3. Palm's Roll- killer Naruto, not too spicy.I am not a fan of spicy food, but everyone else loves the Jalapeno Yellowtail. And I have to admit, the only entree I have tried is the fried rice :)Sake menu is great, they have mochi for after dinner and the pistachio creme brulee is to die for. Pretty expensive, but this is Vegas. Unless you leave the strip, this is what you will pay everywhere. Plus, the Palms is very generous with food comps. Get a card even if you aren't playing much and you might be surprised how much you get off your bill (just give it to your server and they will take care of it). Of course, comps can't cover tip. Single gripe: They don't have tamago :(
5	Recommend the dragon rolls.
4	Food is gooood!Ambiance is excellent!The only thing i noticed is that everytime we go there (usually in groups of 8-12 or more) they will give us a small booth and leaves no elbow room to enjoy the meal .... even tho there are open tables at the back for better sitting ... dont be afraid to spreak up and ask for a better spot, i think they are filling up the front tables to look busy ??? i dunno ... but it didnt make sense to sit 12 people in a booth fit for 8 ...  we got a decent table at the back.  other than that service and food are excellent!  btw the cocktails are great also.the fish dishes are very fresh !  dont miss the grilled spiced edemame ... yummm!
4	Every time I come to Little Buddha, I'm reminded  why I love this place so much. The two of us came here tonight right before the Norah Jones concert (separate note: concert was awesome and Corrine Bailey Rae's opening was kinda out of this world). We had to sit at the bar since everyone else there had reservations before the show. Note to self: Forward thinking next time. Pick up a phone and make a reservation. The bartender (who also served as our waiter), Jeffrey was amazing...he was so friendly, helpful and accommodating. Once he found out we needed to get to the concert, he worked pronto magic in taking our order, serving our drinks and following up with us. Our order today:Shishito Peppers - For 6 bucks we got about 6 shishito peppers. I know I'm dining in an "upscale" restaurant but really??? It's about 2 dollars for 30 peppers at the Korean Store guys. On a more friendly note, all 6 shishito peppers were delicious...crisp, nicely cooked, fresh with the perfect sprinkling of saltVegetable Fried Rice - For 8 bucks (in contrast to the Shishito  Peppers), this dish was enough to serve at least 3 people. Lovely, simple rice with a sprinkling of black sesame seeds. Simplicity done tastefullyMongolian Tofu - This dish is actually Mongolian Beef on the menu but Tofu can be substituted. The Tofu was deep fried and crisp but with a soft center. Just the way I like it. Sauteed with onions, scallions, dried chillies and a Mongolian sweet-spicy sauce this was a very very satisfying meal. It seriously hit the spot. The price of Mongolian Beef on the menu was 22 bucks...I'm not sure if they charged the same for the Tofu or reduced it as I didn't examine the bill (which I have now cleverly thrown away). If it was 22 bucks, it was rather pricey but hey, it tasted amazingLychee Martini - I finished this drink, smacking my lips. Congratulations Jeffrey on a well made beverage.Little Buddha is the Palms version of Tao. I've never really cared for their rolls/sushi. It's all right but since I'm a local, I know I can get better sushi in town for a better price (Mikos maybe). The decor here is very zen, the music is very international and the vibe is just quite interesting. The girls seated next to me at the bar ordered lettuce wraps...now this dish looked like a Picasso painting. I mean, colors all over, vibrant presentation, some fried goodness on the plate. I don't know if they serve this vegetarian but I need to eat something that looks this good. Dependable good food, great service and a nice atmosphere makes Little Buddha one of out go-to places when we find ourselves at Palms or in the area.
5	I loved this place. I love when my sushi is moist and feels really fresh. The sushi man spoke Japanese only. Good food, atmosphere with dim light to make it more cozy. Great times.
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas!  We decided to go to the palms hotel, since we always see it, but know its off strip so we probably would never end up there.  We ended up at Little Buddha by default since Mix was booked.  What great food! and priced right too (as compared to China Grill that is...)  Sushi was so fresh - and so yummy, I had the catepillar roll, which I think had eel in it, but its suppose to have crab in it.  Either way it was so melt in your mouth!We also had the Szechaun Beef, so tender and also melt in your mouth, and so tasty...! It was really a perfect dinner.Service was okay, nothing I remember to be spectacular.I also noted there were alot of groups there, so I'm assuming its a locals favorite too.Also I've been to Tao a couple of times, both NY and vegas and it was not as memorable as this place
3	Came by here for before catching Norah Jones at the Pearl. It's located very unassumingly in the casino. The decor is nice, dark and cozy, slightly mysterious. Very Palm chic.We started at the bar with a couple drinks while waiting for a table. I had the big Sapporo and mama had a cocktai. The bar had a glowing light emanating from the bar that lit up pictures of little asian kids. Little asian kids? Ok... We got sat pretty quickly. It wasn't overly crowded in there. We ordered some edamame for apps. Not bad. Sea salt topped the beans. We had the house chow mein and the jalapeno yellowtail. Both items were really good. But, nothing spectacular. Especially for the prices. I guess I was expecting a little more. Don't get me wrong, the quality was real good, but, I was just looking for a little more.. ooomph. You know? Anyway, it was ok.
3	Stayed at the Palms and wanted to get some sushi. Found ourselves here. Judging by the decor, I was really expecting to be wowed by the food. The sashimi was fresh so no complaints there. Ordered a ton of appetizers and rolls for our party of 3. All of it was good, but nothing was great. we spent around $200 for dinner without alcohol and honestly, I would have enjoyed going to an all you can eat Japanese place like Todai more. I felt like the food quality was only about as good as that ($25 per person). Service was decent, nothing over the top, but when I was paying the bill, I found mixed with my hotel key was a bunch of coupons for restaurants @ the Palm. Conicidently,  it was a complimentary  appetizer that I had ordered.  I asked if they would apply the coupon for the $15 appetizer, and he said that he couldnt because it was for a smaller size.  I said fine, but in my head I would think that if a customer just spent $200 buck at your place, you could simply  credit the guy or at least apply the difference, no?  Instead he offered to give me the free appetizer to go. Soggy fried calamari for later, yeah!Decor- 4, Service-3, food 2
3	- Toro sashimi was SOO yummy but very expensive (expected)- Tuna tataki was ok but we weren't a fan of the ground peanut on top or the dipping sauce.- Uni nigiri was average. Nori (seaweed) was a little too chewy for my man's liking.- Palm's roll is highly recommended. Rice can be too filling sometimes so this was perfect. No rice, lots of seafood (salmon, yellowtail, spicy tuna, and snow crab), avocado, and sprouts wrapped in cucumber. Different and refreshing.Nice decor but the music was a little weird and didn't really help to kick off the night (our drinks helped a little though). Music was not romantic, fun, nor something you can dance to. Interior was a little too dark. Service was great. Food was just ok overall. DO try the Palm's Roll if you come here though.Looks ideal for large groups because I noticed they have many large booths that can easily seat a group of 10.
3	Comparing to the other sushi places around town, this one is definitely fancy smancy.  But the food is just standard-ish for us picky sushi eating Asians.  My friend n I ordered the miso soup, edamame, king roll, sashimi combo, and ahi tuna pizza.  The miso soup has to be the biggest bowl of miso soup I've ever been served at a Japanese restaurant; its almost triple the size of regular bowl of miso soup.  It tasted a bit water-down tho...almost as if its made to ease people into getting use to the flavor of miso.  The only thing we ordered that really stood out to me was the ahi tuna pizza, which i've never seen on any other sushi menus.  It has a teriyaki aioli type of sauce, which creates a harmonious flavor profile with the pizza dough and the ahi tuna sashimi topping.  Overall, the fish was decently fresh, service was nice and friendly, and we left the place satisfied.  We probably won't be going back unless its for a special occasion, mainly because the bill was $80 for what we ordered.
4	I lived in Vegas for 10 years and I always go back to LB. Tried George's Roll for the first time and is was the best!LB never disappoints. Just wish they would turn down the music
4	Little Buddha is a great place the wait staff is fun and accommodating. The sushi is fresh and flavorful.
2	I'm torn. The food was good, the service was ..strange, the prices were high, and the beer was disgusting. I ordered a dinner special that came paired with a different Japanese beer for every course. They forgot them during two courses and then just loaded me up at the end. The beers were pretty yucky anyway so I didn't care. If you're staying at the Palms and too tired to go anywhere else, then go here. Otherwise, no.
4	Great little happy hour menu.  I was out in LV for work and decided to stop and have some food here.  I sat at the bar and was greeted by a nice bartender named Doug.  I ordered some happy hour drinks and the appetizers.  The calamari was great.  It was different from the traditional fried calamari which was a breath of fresh air.  It had a great Asian influence.  The orange chicken and the ahi pizza were both very nice as well.  The experience was made by the Doug.  He was very nice and attentive.  I will be back.  The place was pretty dead though on a Wednesday night at the Palms.
4	We stumbled upon this place as a result of a Groupon deal they had a few months ago, and boy, I'm glad we did! The ambiance is fantastic, very "Las Vegas" and dramatic. The menu is extensive and everything we ordered was fantastic. The waiter was very attentive and gave us 5 star service. The only downfall is the price - but, you're in Vegas so it's worth it, right?
4	Another of my top 5 sushi picks nationwide.  This restaurant is easy to miss as it doesn't get the hype that many other Vegas venues do, but it is well worth the journey or the stumble (whichever method you happen upon it) to discovery.The tuna toro (fatty tuna) is phenominal here.  They have an extensive menu for sushi, sashimi and sakes. The atmosphere is very 'Vegas-esque' and it is a great start to a night of fun out on the strip!Be advised: it is pricey but each mouthful is worth every penny!
5	Arrived at the Palms, my first thing was "oOoo gotta have dinner at Little Buddha before we leave" So we did. Between my boyfriend and I we ordered Wok-Fried Edamame (yumm..its a little spicy), Philadelphia Roll, Dragon Roll, Dynamite Spicy Tuna & Avocado Roll, Shrimp Fried Rice and two drinks. His two cousin not so big fan of sushi but tried and ordered Spicy Tuna roll ,Little Buddha Roll, and orange Chicken. And two other girls they brought also got an Orange Chicken, Fantasy Roll, and Shrimp Fried Rice. Our total bill was like 350. Overall I thought this place was great. Love the interior. Will go back if im staying at the Palms again :)
2	Ext/Int Design -ClassyService -eehhh...Food Presentation -Nice!Food Taste -YUCK.I walked out of here paying $40+, by myself and not full.  The only thing I pretty much paid for here was the elegant setting.  Do I recommend this place? -You do the math.
3	Very pricey. Lots of fun. But the food was okay not bad. But its Vegas so who cares.
4	I've eaten here SOOO much and it never gets old. Their sashimi is so fresh, I've never had it like that before, only at Little Buddha do you really get quality. And their scallop nigiri is yummy in my tummy, the texture is just right. Their rolls are good just limited, I can do without their California roll though.. it's very bland but everything else is delicious. My family and I are huge fans of their Jalapeno Yellowtail in ponzu sauce is to die for. I've been to other places who make something similar to this but it just doesn't compare. Always imitated, never duplicated!The ambiance is really relax and they're quick to bring out your order. Staff is great, if you get seated by the sushi bar, the chefs are always happy greeting you. I always leave happy and stuffed! So it's worth my money, down to every penny!
4	Cute ambiance-located at the Palms HotelGreat date spot... dark and intimate. If you get a chance--buy a coupon on restaurant.com, you can get $25 off your meal.We got the Sake2Me--Mango flavor and it was delicious!!!!Started off with lettuce wraps and filo wrapped tiger prawns and both dishes were great.  The lettuce wraps had a lot of flavor.  Then we had the spicy tuna roll, nothing to extravagant about that and finished off with a beef stir fry dish.  I think we ate with our eyes, but everything we selected was delicious and the service was excellent. I would definitely come back next time.
3	I have to say that I am the only one at our table that really enjoyed the sushi.  Everyone else thought it was just okay.  The miso wasn't the best but their house rolls were really really good (according to me, anyway).The bummer?  My friend ordered a double espresso and they actually charged him for 2.  That would be $8 for that little beverage.  The service was nice and I loved the decor.  Doesn't Tao look the same?  It's been a while.
5	Ambiance was beautiful.  Service was spectacular. My water glass always full. Appetizers, worth the extra calories. I have to say, the sushi was extremely fresh. If sushi tastes fishy, that means it is NOT fresh. This place has fresh sushi of an excellent quality. A little pricey, but worth it! If you want all you can eat prices and all you can eat quality...then go to all you can eat! Overall, my experience was great. I have heard from friends that this place can get really busy on the weekends, but that just shows how good it is :)
3	The first impression that I got was that the decor was beautiful and very Fung Shui!  The drinks were great but I felt that they were a bit over-priced for what they served you.  The food was pretty good and fairly priced.  Everything was served elegantly and the service was personal and friendly.  I would recommend anyone to go and experience Little Buddha.
3	Little buddha is not a traditional japanese restaurant anymore.  It offers more cook food than any Japanese places I know..lol   We went on a busy night and we waited more than a half hour when there were still many empty tables inside.  My friends from Germany didn't understand at all.  They serve american Sushi, or I should called the Korean style sushi..lots of mayo and sauces.  Its not that bad, but don't bring your japanese customers for sure. the only thing I like probably is the music..
4	got a $50 groupon for this place, so a bunch of friends and i decided to come and check it out. very cute space, its dark and intimate. would definitely be a good place to take a date. service was good. food was good, nothing super special about it. definitely pricey. we ordered beef tataki, fried shrimp and calamari, ahi tuna flat bread pizza, spicy tuna and avacado roll (i think thats what it was). didn't have any of the drinks, i'll have to try one if i come back.
2	Up sell! Up sell! Up sell! The fish here was not fresh! When the wait staff explained dishes to us, some were described as "small with just a little this, just a little that" .....for instance, one of the salads was described as lettuce with a "little sprinkle of tartar" on top, when it came out it looked like a full meal with three of four huge chunks of tuna surrounding it. We we already ordering rolls and lots of other items to share at our table, so this was a little overkill. The lighting in the place was so dim, that I thought the fish looked okay. It wasn't until later on throughout the evening that I could still taste and smell the fish, This clearly was a strong sign that the fish was not fresh!
4	We had quite an enjoyable meal at Little Buddha.  We enjoyed-  Mongolian Beef-  Sushi Platters-  Pad Thai
3	Used my Groupon for a dinner visit recently.  The place wasn't busy when I arrived (7pm on a Wednesday), and aside from 3 other people seated at the sushi bar I was pretty much the only other patron there (until a little later), so the hostesses told me I can sit wherever I feel like.So I picked the sushi bar, since I was planning to order some rolls and try their toro nigiri.  Ended up ordering the Palm's Roll, George's Lobster Roll, and also the Kobe Beef Tataki.  I thought all of them were decent or good.  The cucumber "wrapper" was cut nice and thin, so the sushi chef that prepared it was equipped with a good set of knife skills.  The rolls were all presented in a elegant way, with an orchid as decoration.I also tried their dessert, Strawberry Mango Shortcake with Yuzu Infused Cream.  It was just okay, not really all that.  In fact for the $9 price tag, I would be better off driving to the Strip and get a dessert crepe from JPP at the Bellagio.The damage even after the $50 Groupon discount was still close to $50.  So not a cheap meal, but the waitress Rumi was very good at her job of checking up on all of her customers seated at the sushi bar, asking if you needed to order any more items or refilling our beverages.The decor and ambiance is nice.  I think it would be a cool date place, especially if you plan to go clubbing afterward.  But if you are expecting to chat it up with the sushi chefs like at some of the other sushi bars around town, I don't think this should be a place for you to go to.And like fellow Yelper Paolo D mentioned in his review synopsis, I too feel that for less money you can get similar quality food and good service at other sushi destinations around Vegas.  Only thing I want to add is that the desserts is not really worth it.  For the price they charge, I expect a real plated dessert.Decor:  3.5/5  Love the Buddha near the sushi bar.Price:  2/5  Pricey.  Food:  3/5  Overall pretty good, but lacking that "WOW! this is the bestest sushi I ever had" feeling.  It does look pretty though.Service: 4/5 Rumi is great, the sushi chefs checks up on you frequently.Location:  Good for out of town visitors, since it is close to the Strip and all the cabbies know how to get here.3 Stars!
3	If your in the Palms and you crave sushi but don't want to leave the casino then this is the only option. Food is alright and the atmosphere is darkly lit and cozy. Best thing I had there was a drink that will knock your donkey out. It's called "Lights Out" and it's appropriately named. My advice is to have a few rolls and lots of pre drinks at Buddha then go up to one of the clubs in the casino and after 5 hours of more drinking and dancing go to the coffee house and get pancakes.
3	We were staying at the Palms so we hit up Little Budha for a low key meal.  The place is beautiful and we were seated right away.  Everyone liked their food but no one was dying to tell others about it.  The food was good not great and the service was a little slow considering the joint was empty.
3	Ironically, I went to Little Buddha Restaurant almost exactly a year ago today. Stopped by with a few friends for a early dinner and really enjoyed the darker atmosphere in this large establishment. We got there kind of early and it wasn't very busy yet so we got a table really quick. The wait staff were really on the ball & they made sure our needs were kept.I can't remember what my friends ordered but I had the Hibachi Grilled Kobe Fillet Mignon. Which was exceptionally good & juicy, if I hadn't pigged out on something else earlier that day I would've easily been able complete this delectable meal. If you like your beef medium well, then you might want to have them cook it medium instead - mine was not as pink as I was hoping. It was still very, very good though. Drinks were on the expensive side - what do you expect...it's Vegas baby! The total price was kind of on the high side. That's why I gave it 3 stars instead of 4. I wish there was an option for a 3.5 star rating. Yelp crew?All in all I liked this restaurant. Would be good for a group party or even a romantic dinner for two. I would probably go there again in the future.My rating 1-10 (10 being the best)Atmosphere: 8Food: 7Cleanliness: 9Noise: 8Service: 9Overall: 8
2	A bit of a disapointment after some of my other dining experiences at The Palms. The retaraunt is set up horribly. All half table half booth combinations, the booth seating allowing for me to sink so low into the seat that I felt I needed a booster chair. For an appetizer we had the calamari, which on it's own was very ordinary. But the sauce that came with it was amazing! I am a big sushi fan and ordered the spicy albacore and yellowtail roll. It was a big waste of $9. No flavors whatsoever. Very bland.For my entree I ordered the orange chicken. Upon arrival of my plate I was pleasantly surprised. The aroma caught my attention first, it smelled fantastic! And the portion was a good size. The taste however again was on the flavorless side.Would have been better off catching a cheap bite at the Palms food court.
4	I have been to Little Buddha twice and both times were wonderful!  I had the King Roll on both occasions and it was even better than I remembered on the 2nd time around.  The Ahu Tuna Pizza appetizer was delicious as well.  Everyone at our table loved the dinner and a few people raved about the Mongolian Beef.  Tasty!I have recommended this restaurant before and I will do it again.Our service was so-so this past visit (could have been any number of reasons), but the ambience made everything worth while.
4	If you like Sushi, this is the place to go when you are near the Palms. It does have "club" music so it's not a quite place to have dinner but I thought it matched the 9pm dining experience.  The food was fantastic and the service is good as well. Try the Spicy Salmon and Scallop roll.  It is a good place to go with friends before heading up to Ghost Bar or any of the other clubs at the Palms.
5	We love coming here before seeing a movie at Palms...we always sit at the main bar and the bartenders provide impeccable service. The managers are sure to say a warm hello and treat us to sake every night. We order their miso soup, edamame, escolar (DELICIOUS!), halibut sashimi, yellowtail sashimi, halibut sushi, yellowtail sushi, avocado hand roll. The sushi is always fresh and cold, the presentation is flawless. They also serve orchids on each plate which serve as a delicious palate cleanser. The bartender JEFFREY is one of our favorites...he is great at his job!Pros: service, management, foodCons: the bar was designed without room to sit with your knees in front of you (but we don't mind;))
3	Ok . . . . so the three stars is for a mix of two things.  The food deserves 5, however, other than the bussers, the service (including management) was awful and deserves 1.However, the food was amazing!  all around, so as long as you have a small group and no high expectations for service, I would recommend.
1	Eh... Got a Groupon $50 for $100 deal for this restaurant, so we came here for dinner. The sushi is still ridiculously overpriced, very Americanized, and nothing to be floored about. If you want to save yourself some money, I suggest you either eat before or after, or better yet don't eat here at all.
2	Little Buddha?! More like 'Little 'tudda!' Our waiter was not pleased to have our table of 7. Even with 2 bottles of Sake, 7 beers, 4 appetizers, and 5 entrees. Anywhere else, I imagine we would have been a pleasant table to attend to. Perhaps we were too loud? I can understand that - with a large party - but from the get go our reception was not with a smile. Nor were communications from our waiter friendly. They were curt, rude, and motivated us to exit as soon as possible.The food tasted nice. Support staff was friendly. But one sour waiter makes for a lemon of a meal. And at Vegas prices, I'm no fan..
4	We had a incredible dinner that started by letting our server Justin  take over and order for us. The filet satay was a great portion, and super tender. The lobster tail grilled to perfection. The sushi is unmatched in Vegas, Palms role, super white tuna sashimi, was so good, we ordered another one. There wasn't a live DJ on a Saturday night, and the music playing was very low didn't give this great restaurant the vibe it deserves. I'll be back for sure!
5	Had a great meal, closed our menus and let our server Justin order for us. Filet skewers were fantastic. Palms roll was also great.
5	Creative, unique food, in a beautiful, beautiful setting.  The waiters and front desk staff were unstuffy/cool and very helpful and friendly.  If there's a weak spot, it's probably the food, although it's beautifully presented.  It just didn't seem to "wow" the flavor senses.  Pricing is fair for what you get.
3	My wife and I did a four course meal here. Atmosphere was great in the front room area, and good in the back. The back seemed a tad more casual, where we were sat. The place was busy and the music was great.The service was great, though a tad slow. Definitely be prepared for a 90 minute dinner, minimum. Food was mostly good. We had the steak (excellent with sauteed baby mushrooms and peppers), Palms Roll, Creme Brulee, Seaweed Salad and Ahi Tuna Salad. I have to say the Ahi salad seemed like something you would get at a Elephant Bar chain restaurant. The Palm Roll was good, but was $22, really?Overall a good experience, but for the $195 ticket price, I feel like there are better choices in Vegas!
3	I was staying a Palms Place so, I thought I'd check out Little Buddha.  The food was very good though a tad slow.  I did find it odd that when I asked for Blue Label neat that the waitress came back and asked if I was sure I wanted blue label and not black or red.  Most Scotch drinkers know the difference.  Worth checking out...
4	The scallop and yellow tail sashimi are amazing. Also if you checked in you get a free calamari appetizer.
4	This place is very good.  It compares to PF Changs, but better!  They have a lot of selections and the prices are moderate.  They have lots of sushi dishes and your common Chinese dishes, but they are all very flavorful!The service was good and friendly too.  Oh, and did I mention the Martini's?  Really good selection and at $11 each, not bad for Vegas!
4	Best tuna I've ever had!
3	Came here with a Travelzoo voucher for a 4 course dinner for two.We ordered the wok-fried calamari and shrimp and the ahi tuna pizza as appetizers, a side of roasted shishito peppers, and the Peking duck and New York strip steak as our entrees. All the dishes were pretty good, but the ahi tuna pizza was my favorite. We were each served with three different shots of sake to go along with the meal. I've actually never had sake before, and this was a nice introduction to it. We ended the meal with kona coffee creme brulee. Being an avid coffee drinker and a lover of creme brulee, this would have been a perfect dessert for me. But it didn't have that nice crispy top I was expecting, and I didn't taste any coffee flavor.I liked the setting and atmosphere of the restaurant. Overall, the service was good. Although the place was fairly packed, our waiter took the time to explain everything to us and checked on us every once in awhile.I would go back again for the ahi tuna pizza, but I'm not sure if I would bother going back for anything else because the prices are pretty steep. It was worth going with the Travelzoo voucher.
4	Yum... Sometimes Vegas can be a little challenging when it comes to nice restaurants. I'm not into snooty better than you places. Little Buddha was surprisingly welcoming. Very nice decor and the staff was very friendly. We had a couple sushi rolls and the chicken lettuce wraps.  The prices were decent for what I expected. Next time we are at the Palms we will definitely hit this place up.
4	The servers were great, though the food is "Asian fusion," which I understand is obviously a business move in Vegas. My experience here was overall a good one, especially since it was near the clubs and right by the casino tables.The chef working at the time first gave my party a special sample of some cucumber salad, which turned out absolutely delicious and hyped me up for the my meal. My boyfriend and I ordered chicken lettuce wraps for an appetizer, which also ended up very good and addicting. Then my Pan Roasted Atlantic Salmon came, which looked so good even though I was getting pretty full from the previous foods and the sake. When I tasted it, however, I felt deceived because it tasted plain cheap for being so dry. My boyfriend's roasted duck also tasted sub par, even for Asian fusion foods.I ended up disappointed with my entre enough to quietly refuse to eat it, but they did redeem themselves with their delicious coffee flavored creme brule.
4	yummy, sushi the dynamite tuna avocado roll was so good, the crab sushi was so tasty and the "J" by the glass so so lovely! the chow mein was ok, I would go mainly for the sushi
5	We had a damn tasty meal in here after a solid day of trolling around Las Vegas. Try the King's Roll. Or the Angry Chicken. Or the dumplings. Or the calamari. Shoot, try whatever sounds good, I think they'll pull it off well.
4	The food was delicious.  We had a problem with getting our food. We were a group of 5.  We had to wait an hour between our first course and second course. We were told that a table of 18 held up our food. Sounds strange when it's a Vegas casino restaurant that should be used to a flux of people.Great restaurant if you've got LOTS of time but if you are on any kind of a schedule, you should probably avoid..
3	Checking into Yelp earned us a Calamri app. The flavors were great but it was way too chewy.We ordered almost the same meal we ordered at Nobu and paid $50 less. The yellowtail and Jalapeno was not even half as good as nobu. Plus it was covered in flakes and stinky tobiko. All other dishes/sashimi were good but not worth raving about. I would play the roulette table for a few more minutes and hope to win enough to upgrade the dinner plans to Nobu.
5	I love their specialty rolls, they all melt in your mouth and are very fresh!
3	Came here with a restaurant .com certificate and it's actually a pretty good deal. None of the food blew me away, but I was relatively happy with the service and the food. Nothing was spectacularly memorable, but it was pretty solid grub. I tried the kalbi, Kobe, roasted shishito peppers and the diver scallops. I also ordered a roll of some sort, but I can't remember what it was at the moment.I wouldn't make a special trip to go to this place again but if you're in the area or see a coupon or a restaurant .com offer for this place, it's worth a try.
3	possibly 3.5 stars. was skeptical but one of our only options while @ the palms, however, left impressed. the food was very tasty with a slight twist from your typical fusion cuisine. the drinks kind of sucked though.
3	Sadly in Vegas there are just too many places that are much better.
3	Went to Little Buddha with a girlfriend last weekend and was really disappointed.  I was pretty excited after reading the reviews, but after visiting, the food was marginal, service average and atmosphere was kind of blah . . . and it was a Saturday night!  For starters, we chose the calamari and chicken lettuce wraps -- I thought the calamari was very skimpy and a lot more battered than in other places I've ordered it.  The chicken lettuce wraps, on the other hand, were delish!!  I would recommend those!!  For dinner, we ordered the Mongolian Beef which I thought Pei Wei does MUCH better and the Orange Chicken which was pretty good.  My girlfriend loves orange chicken and says it was very average . . . . it's not something I usually order, so I'll go with her assessment on that one.  I'll have to say though . . . they do martinis well -- I did have the lychee martini and my girlfriend had some peach martini and we did enjoy those thoroughly!!All in all, a worthwhile stop if you're in the Palms, but I wouldn't go out of my way for the Little Buddha.  Aside from the margaritas, Pei Wei is much better.  And that's sad as its twice the price at Little Buddha!!
5	My favorite restaurant in all of Los Angeles.If you sit at the sushi bar - ask for Yoshi and take all of his recommendations!Appetizers - Tiger Prawns and Tuna Pizza are MUSTSSushi - Kings Rolls, Palms Roll, Spicy Salmon and Scallop Roll are MUSTSWow!
3	I've ate here before and the food was great and sushi was excellent. Last night my boyfriend and I ordered cho mein and my boyfriend had magolian beef and they were really bland and needed more flavor. it wasn't really that good this time. I can make the cho mein a lot better. However, l'll still come back for sushi and the dessert was great.
2	Well I should have asked but I got the MSG blues. And get rid of the teckno music
5	I rarely give out perfect marks, but I truly believe Little Buddha deserve all five stars!We wanted to have a nice dinner without driving anywhere, but didn't want to shell out for a diamond fancy restaurant. Made reservations Thursday afternoon for Friday evening at 5:30. Come Friday, we realized we were running late so I called (and this was at the very last minute) to see if I can move our reservations to 6:30. They were kind enough to do so! Star number uno.This is the kind of place where you can dress up or dress down to go eat. We were met by by a kind hostess and was seated right away... our seats were in the front portion of the restaurant... right in the middle of the room so we got a fantastic view of the decor. Love how this place looks! Koi (over at PH) has more of that modern design... this place is Asian, yet not gaudy. The music, lighting, and set was just right. Star numero dos.Our server was SUPER attentive and nice. He checked on us, yet wasn't annoying or overly bearing, genuine when he asked about our day, made sure our food orders were right and refilled out drinks... he was awesome! Now, if only I can remember his name.... very young looking guy. Star numero tres.We ordered some edaname to start, a Coke for myself, and a Blue Moon for my sweetie. I got the Buddha roll (fantastic!!!!) and he ordered the sushi and rolls plate... my boyfriend LOVES sushi and very picky about how the fish taste, and he claimed that the sashimi here was the freshest he has ever tasted, even better than Koi's! One of the best sushi places (one of the best meals even) he has ever eaten... and this guy rarely exaggerates! Food was delicious and fresh and just so so good! Star numero cuatro.And lastly, the price. I think for the whole meal, it only cost us about $60, including a good tip. I was really impress with the food, service, ambiance, etc... for the price. I didn't get a chance to check out the bathroom or the back half of the restaurant, which I think faces the pool. Star numero cinco.I highly recommend this place for sushi lovers! It was a great romantic date dinner for us!
4	I never heard of this place till I stay at the palms. It's so relaxing and calm. The service is great. I recommend the dumplings the sauces just top it off.
4	I found myself craving sushi still after an unsatisfying quest for a it a few days before. I'd been to Little Buddah in the past and when wanting to grab a bite to eat at the Palms before a movie, we decided to stop in. I worried immediately because for a Friday night, it was much emptier than I remembered.  My concerns were laid to rest with the first dish and every dish that followed made me want them to be busier, because I felt like they deserved it. The sushi and sashimi  tasted fresh and the prices weren't typical of the gauging you find at comparable places in Las Vegas.  Two of us were in and out the door for $50+tip and we were satisfied. We ate a comparable meal at a competitor for $125+tip and ended up stopping for more food on the way home.  The ambience was pleasant, with the exception of the fact that they put us in the nearly empty back room, but I think that was just the seating rotation. We felt a little cut off and given how empty the place was, it would have been nicer to be in the main dining room.  I'm going to have to make it a point to go back often, because I want the place to flourish again. I suspect their location in the Palms is (like with other businesses inside recently) holding them back.
4	Came here for a business dinner with a big group. We were all very satisfied, ordered the lettuce wraps which were delicious and spring rolls for appetizer. Chilean Sea Bass is the way to go here, it is fabulous! The pad thai and noodle dishes are super good too. Little Buddha gave us big satisfaction!
4	I Went to little Buddha for my 42 birthday with 11 people had a reservation for 15 just in case. We got there with 9 and the host said they cannot seat us until 12 show up. After all of us waited in the casino for 15 to 20 min. I went in and said it is time for you to seat us basically or else we are all walking! The 18 year old host agreed and we all went in. The atmosphere is very nice and the staff was friendly. I ordered the Mongolian beef which was very good, I also got to sample the fried rice which was very good. It was my b-day so they brought out a liquid choc cake round which was awesome. I would have given it 5 stars if it was not for the rudeness of the host and not seating us. I would recommend it and would go again. Also it won't break you bank!
5	"I'm Stuffed"! :-))
5	I don't usually eat at fancy restaurants but since I was in Vegas, we decided to go. Great ambiance and good service. The drinks were a little weak but about average for vegas. The food was phenomenal! We had the beef satay and tempura shrimp appetizers. The meat was tender and the sauces were tasty! Excellent Pad Thai as well. Best meal I've ever had.
4	My boyfriend and I were in Vegas for the weekend to celebrate his birthday and stayed at The Palms. What first drew us to Little Buddha was their happy hour specials [and maybe their name lol]. I had a California Roll and pork spare ribs and my boyfriend had orange chicken and kobe beef. He swears it was the best beef he's ever tasted..and I had to take his word for it because I don't eat beef haha. For an appetizer, we shared their chicken lettuce wraps.Everything was delightful! The only thing was it took a while for our order to be taken even though it was pretty much empty in the place and my boyfriend's drinks [Jack&Coke] were pretty weak for $11 each. Other than that, I would definitely go back because it was delicious :]
4	I've been to at least 5 different places in Vegas when the craving for sushi hits me, and I must say Little Buddah is my favorite. It has a nice atmosphere, a pleasant staff, and most importantly a great fresh selection. My boyfriend and I splurged a bit on our second visit, and it was worth every penny. The big standout was the white fish (halibut) sushi. It's everything you want when you are craving sushi. Fresh with that hint of wasabi burn. Just writting this hasme craving it all over again. All in all the pricing is reasonable, the staff is friendly, and I hope they can get some more people in the door because I plan on being a regular.
2	My best friend and I decided we wanted sushi so we went to Little Buddha at the Palms.  The food is good but the service is terrible.  It took us about 2 hours to order our food, get it, eat it, and pay our bill.  Our plan was to go out for the night but that was busted because we were so tired when we left this place since we were there for so damn long.  The sushi wraps are very good, but it doesn't take 45 minutes to make sushi wraps.  The california rolls were good.  The angry chicken was okay...could have been better.  The coffee creme brulee was AMAZING. Overall, it is pricey, the food is okay, but the wait time is just sad.  If you don't mind wasting your time for overpriced and okay food then go here.
3	We liked the decor of Little Buddha, a crimson tinged deco palace reminding one of Shanghai in the 1930s.   The place can be casual romantic.  We thought the sushi rolls were adequate at best (but people at  another table were in love with them - (reason we ordered).     We did order the sea bass for dinner and that was divine.  Quite good and tasty.Nice cocktails - good time.  In a city known for many many restaurants, this place is A-OK to go to.  Its not the best In Las Vegas, but its a fun dinner out.
4	Solid 4 stars. My friend and I were looking for a nice place to eat before hitting up Ghostbar, and Little Buddha was perfect. We made a 9:30 reservation but it wasn't crowded when we arrived. I loved the decor and ambiance. I had the saketini which was not overly sweet, and went with the $45 4 course menu. The hot and sour soup was amazing, and I easily could have downed a second bowl! The lettuce wraps were actually small scoops of sushi,  and I'm glad my friend asked about it beforehand as she hates fish. For my third course I went with the 12 pieces of sushi and sashimi. It all tasted fresh, and I enjoyed the salmon and whitefish the most. I chose creme brulee for dessert, and it was wonderfully rich with a hint of coffee flavor. I couldn't even finish half, but it was everything creme brulee should be! Our bill for 2 drinks and two $45 four course dinners was $121. Pricey, but not bad for Vegas.
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas!! The Palms roll is a must try - awesome.  Various fish wrapped in cucumber.... I love it!  The liquid chocolate cake is also yum. It's consistently good - I've gone every time I've been in Vegas and have never been disappointed!  And the free appetizer that we got as a Yelp Check-In offer was delicious - bonus!  I'd also recommend the lychee martini.  Yummy!
5	This place was great. The ambiance, the food, and the service. Unfortunately I went tonight only find that THIS PLACE IS NO LONGER OPEN. /: wtf?
5	Absolutely the best sushi I have ever had!
5	A fan of the ambience and fact you don't ever have to wait for a table. Lots of vegetarian options. And love the chocolate lava cake. Inside Palms Hotel.
