5	Amazing! Great, handmade, homemade, Italian-American food. The pasta is handmade, and you can taste how fresh and well prepared it is.  The blackened shrimp is awesome, the sauce on most of the pasta is described as 'mama's gravy' and it's a great red sauce.  The lobster ravioli are great as is the gnocchi. The staff is great too.  When its nice out, you can eat outside on the side. Chef Dan and Family Know what they are doing.
5	What a gem! I don't know if this is a new place or people just haven't heard of it, but my party and I came here. It's quite small but it was BYOB and the food was amazing! I had the ahi tuna special and it was fresh and delicious. Everyone else seemed very pleased with their meals as well. I'd love to eat here again if I had another chance to go to Pittsburgh. Staff was also very friendly despite finding out I was from Michigan and a Red Wings fan.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  The food is consistently amazing (I highly recommend the blackened shrimp pasta), the ambiance is great for a casual or more formal gathering, and the service is tremendous.  The prices are also very reasonable.  I literally crave the food from Legends....you must check this place out!
5	So Pittsburgh! This is such a neighborhood gem! We took my grandmother here for her 82nd birthday and had such a good time. Nothing too fancy, just good 'ole Italian food, made in the kitchen right in front of you.
5	I have loved Legends since it first opened.  Superior food and good service. Try it. This is the last restaurent I took Mom to before she passed away. She loved it also.
5	Decided to hit this place before hitting on 12 while the dealer shows a 9 at the Rivers.   We didn't have a reservation but the server seated us anyways (we had to be done by 7).  It is BYOB but they deal you a $4 corkage fee per person drinking.  The bread sticks were fresh and warm and were the perfect accompaniment to the delicious soup du jour, potato soup.  The side salad that comes with the meal would make the hall of fame for any side salad league.  It came with olives, Gorgonzola, julienned carrots and other veggies.  I had the pork tenderloin with veggies and mashed potatoes.   The tenderloin was perfectly cooked and the mashed potatoes were like having two aces in the hole.   It would be tough to find a better waitstaff.   Plates disappeared, water was filled, and I never knew they were there.  If your looking for a place to try before going to the casino or bucco game this is a sure bet, just call ahead for reservations.  They do have outdoor seating but the views wont show up on any postcard.  PS The 7:00 reservation called to say they were going to be late so we were allowed to relax at the table till 7:30.
4	Very good home style Italian... Very friendly staff. You should bring a bottle of red to go with your dinner... Worth it!
3	Tasty traditional, not trendy and tempermental. Greens & beans rock! Dining here is as if your best friend invited you to tag along to Sunday dinner at his chef Uncle Nino's place. BYOB of Chianti to pair with the solid unpretentious food in a modest setting with a nostagic wait-staff. Long before the open kitchen concept became a hot topic, this cook's line has turned out many a quality  plate over the years.
5	Good food, friendly service. I would definitely go there again.
5	I definitely love this place!  A fantastic example of a little neighborhood restaurant just serving perfect hand-made food and getting it right.  The food is so savory and just melts in your mouth.  You can't go wrong with the specials.  My only complaints (which are minor) are that parking can be a bit of an issue (street parking only) and for the love of god, you need to make reservations (they get a bit shirty with you if you don't).  But these are so minor, I don't even think they affect my rating at all.  The food is phenomenal and the atmosphere is wonderful.
5	Awesome, cozy place. It has a friendly, family style atmosphere. The food is consistently great. The servers are inviting and seem genuinely happy to be there. I love going here on a whim. So if you're looking for a great new place to go tonight, try it.
4	It looks like a diner, it is priced like a decent restaurant and it tastes great.The idea here is simple you are paying for quality of the ingredients, not the table cloths or snooty waiters.Our meal started with the fried motzerrla  7.95. It came as 5 huge hunks of cheese, with a great marana sauce. This was made in house, not frozen sticks from a box, they come as large triangles. Meals include a some great rosemary bread, olive oil and soup or salad.For my main I had the spinach ravioli in a pink sauce $15. This was a generous portion of homemade ravioli with enough spinach to taste and rich ricotta cheese. The sauce was luxurious and packed with savory goodness.Service was fun and family like, the meal ended with a complimentary piece of homemade fudge.Maybe this is not good for a 1st date but its good for a great meal or  a casual 4th date for when the food matters more than the looks.
4	Another Northside neighborhood favorite! Although the physical structure and ambiance leave a bit to be desired. The food and staff surely make up for it!  The staff is always super friendly, even when you stroll in late in the evening a glass or two of wine into your night. The food is all house made and truly delicious! The Virginia spots are one of my personal favorites. Honesty anything you try you'll be sure to love.It is BYOB but beware of the corkage fee per person.
3	Food: menu will appeal to vegetarians and non-vegetarians, with daily dinner specials, separate lunch (sandwiches) and dinner (entrees) menus, both soups were vegetarian (according to the waitress, never heard of vegetarian minestrone before), I ordered penne with multiple veggies and a white wine sauce, it was above average but not great, soup was good, a bowl of bread sticks was on the table and replaced regularly, salad was average size and qualityPrice: dinners range from $12-18 with most toward the higher end of that range, not expensive, but the quality of the food probably deserves the lower end of that scaleDrinks: BYOBAtmosphere: sports bar-family restaurant type setting, with pictures of athletes all over the wall, but better than sports bar quality food and serviceService: waitress refilled water many times, was on the ball and timely, answered all questions about the menu(+): good service, reasonable prices, good but not great food(-): nothing wrong with Legends, but also nothing spectacularWould I go back again? I wouldn't drive to the North Side to eat here, but if I was in the North Side, it would be at the top of the list, particularly if friends/family were at AGH (directly across the street).
3	I feel like I'm being generous with my star allocation.  But I also feel that I need to be a bit forgiving since I've been sick the past few days and my tastebuds are a bit off.  That being said the friends I was with also didn't seem overly impressed by the food, so I think I'm being generous and the rating should be more like 2.5.I ordered the spinach ravioli and they were just ok.  There was way too much sauce and I guess I anticipated it to taste a bit more basily or something - it did say basil cream sauce, but what I got just seemed like a whole lotta tomato vodka sauce.  The spinach and ricotta didn't have much flavor, but perhaps that was due to my diminished lack of taste these few days with being sick.  All I could taste was the tomato sauce and that to me does not make a great or particularly good meal.  Oh and to top it off the $4/person corkage fee is outrageous.
3	So....what do you say when a highly rated place let's you down??  It was okay....When a meal rocks my world, I usually want to lick the bowl clean, yes, like a dog.  I did not, sadly, feel that way about this place.  It IS BYOB but the catch is it's $4 PER glass.  Yep, that's right, not per table my friend.  Keep that in mind.I got the greens and beans on recommendation from many Yelpers on here.  Maybe I just don't have the taste for it, but I thought it was weird, watery and....not good.  I also thought it was going to be green beans and it was kidney beans and spinach that tasted like a warm Caesar salad.  No thanks....I ordered the Penne Vodka, which is my fav meal to order at Italian restaurants.  I also like to add a meatball on if it's homemade.  It was, in fact, confirmed to be homemade so I was all over it!  The meatball itself was delicious.  I love a bread-y meatball.  You know the type.  Soft and packed with flavor.  It was the winner of the night.  The vodka sauce was good, but I wanted way more.  Now I have to preface this by saying I'm a total sauce-aholic.  I love me a good amount of sauce, this didn't even come close.  Then I looked over at Serena R's plate, and her ravioli (which I thought was the same) was SWIMMING in it!  So I stole some of hers....Would I come back?  If someone really wanted to.  But I have a hunch there's way better Italian places to dine at in the Burgh...so now I'm on the hunt!  I gotta connect with my roots, ya' know?
3	Yay! I finally got to try Legends North Shore after having the place booked mark for a few months now and so can cross this place off my list. After walking in, Legends North Star is small but homey which was nice. The place was not filled so we had our pick of tables. Our waitresses were sweet and did not kick us out after we remained at our table to finish wine 30 minutes after closing. Legends North Shore provides bread to munch on. Crunchy airy pieces that don't fill you up entirely before the entree which I so often do and they provide a bottle with seasoned olive oil (which was kind of oily on the outside). I tried the Tuesday 99 cent green and beans special along with a salad and spaghetti and meatballs. I wasn't sure what the green and beans were but they were cheesy and salty but very watery. I thought they were tasty but confused if what I ate were indeed what greens and beans were suppose to be. The salad was fresh but nothing special, and I felt the same for the spaghetti and meatballs (made in house from the meatball to the pasta). I feel that when you go to an Italian restaurant you can judge how well they cook based on classic dishes. I couldn't stop eating the spaghetti and meatballs though I felt full half way through. I thought the meal was overall good though not anything spectacular and pricey for what it was - ~$18 ($17 for spaghetti and meatballs and $.99 for the greens and beans plus some tax). Maybe if they knocked a few bucks off to $13 or $14 or so it would be more reasonable imho. Also points are deducted for the corkage fee of $4 per person, not per bottle. We were not aware so they basically made an easy $16 bucks from the four of us at dinner.
2	Small, overcrowded, unfriendly staff.The food is okay - typical Italian fair that could be better seasoned. There are much better options nearby, but in a pinch, it's decent.
4	Quaint and romantic with great food. I get consistently good service and there is a great neighborhood feeling that I enjoy about Legends. Really worth the visit.
4	I am taking one star off for the following. The restaurant is very small and fills up quick which makes dinner conversation near impossible. To get the full enjoyment of Legends I would suggest going during the week after the lunch rush. I am so proud to have this as a neighborhood restaurant on the Northside.  I have been eating here for 6 years and every meal is delicious. I normally get the grilled salmon salad you can smell the delicious aromas of your food cooking while you wait. This is a restaurant that you really want to spend your time at. The beans and greens are so yummy too.
5	I am from out of town, and I have to say this place brings a lot of flavor and awesome hospitality. I love the creativity the chef's put into their  food for us to enjoy. This is definitely a good place for a romantic date or catching up with friends.
5	This is our favorite restaurant, bar none. The food is terrific, the service is top notch, they remember our names and it always feels special when we dine there. I've never had a pasta special I didn't adore. I truly feel like they are happy to see us when we come in the door and go to extra pains to treat us well and we are just an average couple who aren't spending hundreds. That doesn't matter - we are their customers. We've been by for lunch which is very competitive price wise with nearby restaurants.
4	So if a restaurant is BYOB it has an instant star in my opinion even it is has a weird strip club-esque name (Legends, though? Come on guys). So one of friends and fellow yelper lives in the hood so we decided to bundle-up, wine-up on a snowy friday night and head for Legends. The interior was more retro than I was expecting, not extremely cozy.  The menu is pretty standard with some rotating specials.  I decided on the chicken cacciatore.  Big portion. No pasta. Potato and veggies. I was stuffed!!Besides BYOBs, I also have a weakness for restaurants that are walkable. Check.PROS: BYOB, Friendly servers, open kitchen, large menu for a small place, WALKABLE. CONS: Lame Corkage fees, could use an interior face lift. Overall: This a stable on my friend's restaurant rotation so I am sure I will be back sooner rather than later! I am curious how this place will do with all the new development in the Northside. I hope it only helps them!
5	We made reservations for my mother's birthday for 14. No one in my family had ever been to the restaurant; we used yelp and trip advisor to find it.  They were ready for us and everything was fabulous.  I had spaghetti and meatball.  The pasta was perfectly done. The kitchen was great.  Everyone got their meals almost at the same time (which is very hard for a small restaurant with a big group).  The people were professional and friendly.  The BYOB allowed us to have wine that suited everyone's taste.  They did the pasta and non-pasta dishes very well.  This small restaurant is a gem in an up and coming neighborhood.  We walked from the Priory Hotel on a beautiful March evening.
5	I go to this place about once a month for lunch and I am consistently impressed with the quality of my meals and the service. It seems like an unassuming cafe, but the food is way above average and the waitstaff is always friendly and engaging.Usually, I will get one of their sandwiches and I am especially impressed with their chicken parmesan panini. It's obvious that the ingredients are fresh and the bread is homemade. It's the kind of meal I would expect in an New York bistro, but it is right here in Pittsburgh. Overall, this is a great restaurant if you like fresh ingredients and good Italian food. Also, the conversation with the waitstaff is always so fun!
5	Service is friendly and quick! Everything comes at a timely manner and all the food is fairly priced. Although it's a little small, it's really amazing! The pasta is incredible!
5	I have been here several times and always have a great experience! The food is always delicious, the staff is super friendly, and there are plenty of different dishes to choose from. The desserts are particularly great! The apple pie is delicious :)
5	OK so another winner in this neighborhood besides Nicky's.  The Penna Parma was outstanding and the Parm crusted salmon over whole wheat artichoke ravioli with a white basil sauce on special tonight was a great combo and wonderfully executed.  Katie our server was professional AND personable and only added to our outstanding meal.....then there were the Pittsbugh natives seated nearby who were friendly and delightful to visit with.   WOW what a place.  The only downside is that its a little tight inside and a little loud but don't let that stop you!  Well worth the trip!
4	Legends...interesting name. With a name like Legends, one would assume sports bar, but not so much. And I very much liked it that way! Let's roll into a pro/con list...Pros:-Great, friendly service. Morgan was my server and she was super fantastic. Quick, efficient, sweet. She offered up helpful suggestions and even let me try a sample of the soup of the day before I placed my order.-Homemade focaccia: Mmmm rosemary! Tasty and free slivers of love to go with your meal. -Portions: Mammoth. From the bowls of soup to the pastas to the pies...sharing is caring.-Spinach ravioli: My main dish of choice. Flavorful spinach and cheese pillows of pasta cooked al dente and smothered with tomato basil sauce with a touch of cream. Damn good pasta, my friends.Cons:-Menu items price out a few dollars higher than similar Italian joints. But, the value is here, though, because of the increased portions. -Restaurant set up/ambiance: Is a bit odd. It's kinda like a diner...with bare tables...and carpet...and a few random pictures on the wall. -No booze, beer or wine. It is BYO, but I didn't see the corkage fees listed on their menu.Overall, a solid place for homecooked Italian eats. I would sprint back to Legends just for that ravioli! Mangia!
4	How have I never been here before?  How have I never even heard of Legends?  No more.   I went here for lunch and it was delicious!  The location = little scary, especially if you would go at night.  The atmosphere = not top notch.  The food = excellent.   I was very pleasantly surprised with my entire meal.  The bread with the rosemary dipping oil was quite good.  The salad was also very tasty.  It had blue cheese and roasted red peppers which I can't get enough of and no iceberg lettuce in sight.  I opted for the spinach and ricotta ravioli in a basil tomato cream sauce.  It was very good.   Not the best I've ever had but solid.  Lots of sauce to dip more of the tasty bread in.   Did I let it end there?  Of course, not.  I had a giant slice of apple pie with ice cream.  The apples were sliced a little too thickly for my liking but it was a darn good slice of apple pie and that's coming from someone who makes an out of this world homemade apple pie.Needless to say, I didn't get much work done that afternoon because I could barely move.
3	This is a really small restaurant and is BYOB. The servers are friendly and the food was good. I ordered two appetizers (small plates) which were very good - greens and beans and then muscles. The flavours were both good, but the muscles were served with multiple closed shells which for the small portion was a negative. I don't have much to say about this experience....It was just a-ok.
3	legends is losing a star. for being closed for lunch on Saturdays! who does that?
2	OK, so based off the recommendation of my date, I thought  that I would like Legends North Shore but I left dinner disappointed and in need of a mint to mask the over abundance of garlic (salt) that I had consumed.This restaurant is in a prime location on the North Side and has plenty of opportunity to capitalize on the growth in the area. That said, allow me to jump into some of the minuses:Beans and Greens appetizer - I love beans and greens, but was shocked by the amount of garlic the chef added. Actually, I don't think it was garlic...I believe it was garlic salt (a huge no-no) Don't get me wrong, I love garlic, but there was so much that it killed a simple, rustic dish.Blackened Shrimp Pasta - My date and I shared this dish. This dish tasted as though an entire container of garlic salt had accidentally been dropped onto the plate before being served. The shrimp and pasta, however, were cooked well. Had the chef backed off the garlic he would have presented a more edible dinner. i was not in the mood to send this dish back to the kitchen, but did call this out to the waitress once our meal concluded.The restaurant is cute, in a great location, and service is friendly and prompt. These are all important things to me, but quality and taste takes precedence.  Unfortunately, Legends just didn't do it for me.Would I go back? Most likely not. There are far too many other Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh that I would like to give a try.
4	This restaurant is a gem. Wanted to check out another neighborhood in Pittsburgh. To an ignorant outsider, North Side didn't seem much more sketch than South Side or Oakland. After picking up two bottles of red at Wine and Spirits on Ohio Street, my team and I got a table at the warm, homey Legends of the North Shore, where it's BYOB. For appetizers we ordered the margherita bruschetta (best choice), fried polenta, and greens 'n beans (mainly because we went on a Tuesday when they had a special deal for 99 cents with any entree). The focaccia bread is great with the homemade mixture of olive oil and herbs. I ordered the mussels bianca over linguine--terrific. Also comes with shrimp. The portions are generous but delicious, in part because it's clear that the tomato sauces are all made fresh and in-house. I tried my coworkers gnocchi--good, but I was quite satisfied with my own dish. My coworker who ordered the eggplant parmigiano really enjoyed her dish as well.
2	Its okay, but it was just ok.  There's a $4 per person corking fee which caught us off guard.  We were expecting that would be for the table.We started with the polenta and the mozzarella.  The mozzarella was unremarkable, deep friend mozzarella in breading.  Of course it was good, it is fried cheese!  But it was nothing special.  The polenta was a real stand out, tasted home made and was delicious.They give you garlic olive oil and garlic bread sticks to dip in the oil.  This was free so I'm not complaining, but that just seemed a heavy and oily combo to me.  Also, the breadsticks were covered in rosemary, and I loathe rosemary.My friend had the special, pan seared shrip over pesto penne, and she loved it.  I had this chicken dish with apricots and it was ... alright.  It was good but I felt like the searing on the chicken could have made this dish excellent.Overall I would come here again but maybe I'd stick with a staple like chicken parmigana.
5	We LOVED Legends! Went for a date night this past Saturday. Food was superb(and reasonably priced for quality), service was great, and it was a really pleasant environment. We had a great time and I would highly recommend Legends to anyone looking for a fabulous Italian dinner.
3	Legends is good...but not special. It's just your typical Italian-American restaurant, but with a shorter menu than most. Huge portions of pasta, as expected. Started with Mussels Diablo which were good, but we had a lot of closed shells. I had the Penne alla Vodka and the sauce was good, especially with fresh basil leaves. The pasta was a bit overcooked. Basically, if you're Italian you know how to make this food at home. That doesn't make it bad, just A-OK!The party next to us brought a bottle of grape Pucker vodka and tonic water as their BYOB. Hey, whatever works...
4	Very cool place to have a nice dinner.  I always go for the mussels-delicious!Pasta is always fresh and tasty, too.Friendly wait staff.  This would be a five-star if they were able to serve adult beverages.
5	I was out and about on a Saturday afternoon with a good friend and we were in the north side area and he suggested that we eat at "Legends of the North Side" since he heard it was good.  We walked into the door and there was a woman standing near the door and she shot us a look of surprise (or frustration) and asked if we had a reservation? Well that wasn't the greeting I was expecting and was surprised at this question since the place was empty but within a half hour I totally understood why.This small but quaint restaurant filled up very fast.  This establishment is just lovely and was clean and was decorated for the holiday season.  It was cozy.   The menu was small but had something for everyone and the prices weren't too bad but It might be a little pricey if you are on a budget but it's worth it trust me.   The service was excellent.. we received beverages and bread within a moments time.  Our bread basket never remained empty either. We ordered the "beans and greens" as an appetizer and it was delicious. My Italian Mother makes this dish all the time and it was "almost" as good as hers - which is saying a lot.    I had penne pasta with sausage, roasted red peppers, olives and artichokes.   It was very tasty but was a bit salty for my taste (think it was the olives) but still delicious.  My friend ordered the Walleye and was very pleased.  The tossed salad that came with my entree was just the right size and everything was fresh.Fresh greens and was accompanied by carrots, red onions, feta, cherry tomatoes and olives.   By the time we were ready to leave there wasn't an empty table in the place.  The restaurant is located on the corner at a very convenient location in North side with parking available on the street right outside the restaurant. Getting back on 279 was a snitch. The restroom doors were so festive and unique that I couldn't resist taking a picture !!   The restrooms were also clean too.I love restaurants that aren't "chains" and have their own flair .. and this establishment has that! I am very happy we decided to have dinner at Legends of the North Shore and will no doubt be visiting again ... Bravo !
4	12/15/12 heard about Legends so we thought we would give it a try tonight following our attending the Musical Christmas Carol.  We had reservations which are needed given the size of the place.  Maybe a capacity of 35 or 40.   We got seated right away.  I ordered the beans and greens and the Bird ordered the mussels for appetizers.  Although I tend to like beans and greens with sausage, they did not have sausage however they were really tasty.   The mussels were a nice portion and also very good.The Bird ordered the Gnocchi with the meat sauce.  Again, it was a nice portion and they were very good!  I ordered the tortellini special which also turned out to include the ravioli.  (A nice surprise ).The dinner salads were also above average in that they included Gorgonzola , Greek olives, and cucumber.  I wasn't that crazy about the Italian dressing but it was still ok.Price wise our meal was around $80 which included $4 corking fee.  However we saw on the menu if you present your theater tix you get a 10% discount!  (Another nice surprise )Parking was easy.  On street a block away.All in all, a cool place with great food and great service.We'll be back.
5	I've eat'n here a few times over the last couple of years and have been very pleased with both the food and service every time.  I most recently was there on this past Saturday, which I don't recommend showing up on a Saturday without reservations,  we got the last two seats at the bar and were lucky to get those.  We ordered the pasta special and it was amazing.  It was shrimp and crab ravioli in a white wine sauce, cooked with asparagus, roasted yellow peppers, and mushrooms.  It was probably the best ravioli I ever had.  It was topped with four huge pieces of shrimp cooked to perfection.  Most meals come with either soup or salad, either is guaranteed to be delicious, and some bread served with olive oil for dipping.  Some other things I've had that I really enjoyed were the spaghetti and meatball, the hot anti-pasta, and their fudge.  Everything has a very home cooked feel to it, better than mom used to make.  They also use the freshest of ingredients, the secret to any good Italian meal.  The service here is very good too, and very friendly.  If you want a good home cooked Italian meal and warm, friendly atmosphere, this is the place for you.
3	Legends of the North Shore on the top 25 restaurants in Pittsburgh list? I would have to disagree. I joined a three dining companions for dinner on a recent Friday night. When I walked in, I was shocked by how incredibly tiny it is inside. We were crammed at a table next to a large party. Our server was very matter of fact and to the point. What I would expect eating at a dinner, not a nice Italian restaurant. I decided to order the Penne Vodka with prosciutto and the wedding soup. The soup was nothing memorable. I enjoyed the crisp bread (foccacia) and oil better. When the entree's arrived, I was surprised that my Penne vodka was garnished with prosciutto. I assumed from the menu that there would be more proscuitto than a thin two inch slice on top of the dish. Overall, the sauce was very good. Not too creamy, not to tomatoey. However, I enjoyed my husband's gnocchi bolognese much more. The gnocchi was tender and the sauce was flavorful and meaty. All in all, I doubt I will be heading back to Legends. With so many great restaurants in Pittsburgh, Legends doesn't make my list.
5	During our recent visit to Pittsburgh, I really wanted to try this place again.  Our first visit last year was great and there were more items on the menu I wanted to try.  It did not disappoint!  We had Italian Wedding soup that was wonderful and my wife just had to try to re-create this when we got home.  Their greens and beans is a special treat, with lots of flavor -- an excellent side dish for my main dish, spaghetti and meatballs. Now I would not usually order this at most "Italian" restaurants, but Chef Dan does an excellent job with perfectly cooked pasta, a fresh marinara sauce, and a huge, tasty meatball.  And to wrap up, I just HAD to have the caramel apple pie a-la-mode.  I don't normally have dessert, but I've SEEN and HAD this pie before.  Yummy!  The warm homestyle atmosphere does not prevent me from feeling "special" when I dine here. The staff treated me like family and I'll be visiting again!
3	This was my boyfriend's choice for his birthday dinner. We had both heard great things, plus we love BYOB spots. I'll start with saying that the service was great. Our waitress made us feel like regulars that have been frequenting the restaurant for years. We both ordered specials. They were different preparations of fish. Both were really good. Everything we tasted was wonderful. The downfall was when we got the check. The specials were both $30+. They were good - but not that good! You can find great Italian food elsewhere and skip the $100 tab.
3	Stopped by for lunch and was greeted by great-looking focaccia coming out of the oven. Based on that view, I decided to have the eggplant foccacia. It came with homemade Italian wedding soup, which was good with fresh veggies.  It also came with delicious bread and seasoned oil for dipping-- excellent!  The eggplant was good, but honestly, the sun dried tomato and olive tapenade did not enhance the sandwich. It would have rocked with a homemade marinara instead.  The waitress was friendly in a casual way, and the atmosphere was warm and contemporary.  I will try something else next time, as it is worth a return visit!
5	Friendly people and great food.
5	Great neighborhood italian.  Really excellent homecooked, delicious fare.  Tiny, cozy place.  Love the complementary homemade fudge - a nice touch.
3	We have been wanting to try Legends of the North Shore for a long time and since we were right across the street yesterday, we seized the lunch opportunity. It was not what I expected at all. Tiny I expected because I'd seen it driving by many times. Diner-esque inside, completely unexpected. I knew they are BYOB but after eating lunch here, I can't imagine any scenario where I'd take more than a couple of beers with me. Not a place to linger over a bottle of wine. Tables on top of each other, cramped and kind of a low end divey diner, uh uh.I wanted the mussels for lunch but was told they were out of them. Not terribly disappointed because our server had just run through the lunch specials and one had caught my attention enough that I mentally considered changing my mind anyway. A fried zucchini plank sandwich with melted mozzarella and side of sauce. I do love a good zucchini plank and had never heard of anyone creating a sandwich out of them, so no hardship to change my order. That was a greasy, good lunch sandwich....heavy on the greasy but, I've always loved some tasty 'fried deliciousness!'Hubs had the sausage sandwich... good...but mine was the clear winner.Starter soups were homemade and tasty. Hubby had black bean and I had the chicken pastine, aka wedding soup. The broth rivaled my premium homemade Christmas chicken soup broth so no complaints on that. Overall: ambiance 1star, mine and hubby's sandwiches 3 stars, soup 4 stars. Average is a 3 - not rushing back but I'd clearly have lunch there again, if I'm across the street.
3	I'm pretty much committed to trying EVERY BYOB restaurant around so this was on my list for a long time. Friends told me it wasn't worth it but I persisted to the point that we went there for lunch yesterday. My first reaction was not a pleasant one. The cheap plastic chairs, the small close together tables, the tacky decorations, not a good feel but I pressed on. Now, I didn't avail myself of the BYOB (might have resulted in a higher rating!!) and it was only lunch so I can't comment on dinner. Regrettably, I won't ever try them for dinner so this is the best I can offer.  I think Legends in their name only applies to the sports heroes and not any legendary food experience you'll find here. The place is essentially a diner. Diner atmosphere, diner chairs, diner specials, diner everything. Not that I don't appreciate diners, I do. But this atmosphere is BLAH.  I'd rate it a max of 2 stars. Max. Food on the other hand is ok. Not great. Ok. Worth going out of your way for? Absolutely not. I had the Parma hot sausage with a bowl of black bean soup- both things I love!!! We're these memorable? Not in the least. It's generous to say they were adequate. "Mama's gravy", a marinara sauce of sorts, was lackluster and flavorless. The sausage was just a split link of hot sausage and something I could replicate at home with ease. The black bean soup was listless and uninspired. Sad because i was expecting (hoping?) for so much more.  I wish I had ordered the chicken parm that the guys pressing up against me from behind ordered. It looked way better. But I'll not have that chance cause I won't be going back. I'll drive by this place a thousand times to go to other more deserving places on the Northside. Sorry. Didn't do it for me.  Can't even imagine coming here for dinner with a bottle of wine. Would be awful.  I wanted to give it 2 stars but felt a little generous today. Plus, I thought if I worked down the block, I'd probably come here for lunch. But never would I go out of my way to go here.
5	Fantastic! Best veal parmesan I've ever had.
5	What a great place to stop for a good meal before a Pirates game.
5	This is the kind of restaurant that lets the food speak for its self.  It's not fancy - the decor to me is very nostalgic, as I am a relocated Pittsburgher.  The special is usually the best thing on the menu that day.  Their prices are a little high, but I think for the quality, it's not too bad.  I love a good BYOB restaurant... I go here a lot when I visit my parents, who live on the north side and I have never, ever had a bad meal.  The service is usually very good.  My only complaint was that last time they were out of wedding soup and that is my absolute favorite :)  Keep up the good work!
5	After reading some peoples reviews I wasn't sure of this place. My boyfriend and I decided to go anyways. All I can say is, wow you people don't know food if you left a negative remark! Our food was phenomenal. The service was phenomenal. No it isn't a super fancy place, but the food is incredible and very reasonably priced. Our $56 dinner was worth every penny. I had a special, he had ravioli's and we split a desert. Amazing little place that I will 100% go to again.
4	I was recently in North Side, apartment shopping, and decided to swing in and check out this nice little cafe on the corner. I'll admit I was pleasantly surprised. Small little place, but great environment, sociable servers, and above average Italian cuisine. I wouldn't say it was the best or most authentic Italian I've had (my being a chef bias aside), but far, far from the worst. The environment and location are what makes this tiny little cafe a nice little gem. The food could use some fine tuning as far as seasoning and execution, but the presentation is on point. If you're over on North Side need a quick bite or an espresso break I'd highly recommend swinging in and giving this place a shot.
5	Been there three times and each time it got better.  Most recent dinner was with a party of 14.  A large crowd for a smal place but they made it work.  Everyone was extremely pleased with their meal.  The lobster ravioli & salmon specials were top notch.  The service was even better than the food if that is possible.  Best restaurant in the burgh & it's BYOB to boot.  Make sure you have reservations.
5	This is hands down the best italian restaurant in the city.  Chef Dan makes you feel at home in this cozy little restaurant.  The open kitchen is very entertaining.  I usually get one of the specials as I have worked my way through most of the menu.  Every dish is better than the last.   The Antipasto appetizer is always a good choice.
5	Great dinner - hidden gem for lunch!  Try the chicken parm sandwich. Mama's gravy ...enough said!
4	Great food- don't be fooled by the exterior. Had a great lunch there. The antipasto salad was delicious. Enough lettuce and some antipasto thrown in to make it a great salad.  I loved that they gave us complimentary fudge at the end of our meal.
4	Don't listen to the negative reviews.  Yes it is a bit of a small dive, but we had a great staff and an excellent meal.  Highly recommend the vodka sauce and the pasta fagiole.
3	Rated one of Pittsburgh's best in 2012 I was excited to enter Legends and prepare for  what was sure to be an amazing meal. Upon entering Legends, you get the immediate "hole in the wall" vibe (a vibe that I love) with diner style tables and chairs. We started with the margarita bruschetta. This was delicious increasing my already high expectations. Our waitress came back- I ordered the Penne Vodka and was excited, but overwhelmingly disappointed. The sauce, although good, is simply ordinary. I've been to countless Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh and could name at least 20 better than Legends.  Had Legends not received substantial praise I may have not been so disappointed, but when you're touted as one of the best I expect nothing short. To their benefit the restaurant is BYOB, maybe this gets so much praise because everyone's drunk before their meal is served...Food C+, Service B-
1	If I could give this restaurant a zero, I would. We were just asked by our waitress to leave because someone with a reservation was waiting for our table. My father and father-in-law were still finishing up their coffee and we had not yet finished our dessert! I've never been so humiliated. Do NOT go to this restaurant!Their food was mediocre at best. If you want excellent Italian in a small intimate restaurant, go to Dish on the South Side. I will not be going back.
4	I have been here several times and never disappointed. The food is very good and  loaded with garlic.
