5	Nobu is probably my favorite restaurant on the planet.  Best to simply let the kitchen choose what to bring you.  You will not be disappointed.  Just make sure to let them know your budget or you'll be in  for a rude surprise.
5	Nobu certainly lives up to its hype. This trendy restaurant serves up some of the best food around. Each course melds into the next so your tastebuds don't really rest, but continues on from one destination to the next. Not a kid-friendly restaurant but you're in Vegas for God's sake so where do you leave your child(ren) if you want to experience Nobu? Ya gotta drag them along! Anyway... it's definitely not cheap... but it wasn't as much as what we thought it'd be. With tip, $550 for 6 people and that included drinks. LOTS of alcoholic drinks.
3	You really need to be a sushi aficionado to appreciate this desert outpost of the much-hyped and highly-acclaimed Manhattan dining spot. The decor is a carbon copy of the NYC original, and there's no denying that the space is a stunning setting for dinner. My friends raved about their raw selections but, just as in Tribeca, I was unimpressed by my cooked entree, here a filet of whitefish marinated in garlic, chives, and ginger and seared in hot olive oil. Fortunately, Asian pear bread pudding, with ginger ice cream and brandy-infused caramel sauce, ended the evening on a high note. Very expensive, so keep your fingers crossed that the cards are kind later in the night.
5	Next time you see black cod with miso on a menu, know where the inspiration lies: Nobu.  The Hard Rock space is large, light, and well done for a Vegas restaurant branch.
5	Look, to be honest, I'm no sushi expert.  In fact, I usually get the dragon roll etc at my local sushi haunt in San Francisco, and I'd bet there isn't much raw fish in any of the rolls I'm used to.  That being said, I took a leap of faith and ordered the chef's choice sashimi dinner.  6 different high-end exotic raw fish drawn and quartered for the pleasure of my pallette. Holy crap, so good!  Waitress was awesome, explained everything for a semi-novice like myself and wasn't snobby.  I was even able to do sake-bombs at the table and not piss off the other patrons (its at the hard rock cafe and the crowd is somewhat older, but still some rockers and youngsters in there).  Be warned tho, between two people we ended up spending about $140!!  NOTE: This resteraunt was shouted out in the definitive sushi howto (found here: http://eugeneciurana.com/musings/sushi-eating-HOWTO.html)
5	Exquisite, well-prepared, innovative fish and sushi dishes makes Nobu a pricy but fantastic treat. The sake menu also rates raves.
3	Omakase at Nobu might run you $150 pp with nigori sake.If it weren't for the high-pitched cackling cohorts 5 tables away, I rather would have enjoyed the experience, but even those glass-shatteringly loud women aside, it gets a little noisy in here -- I had a hard time hearing the waitstaff describe each selection brought out to us.  I know this probably isn't the case, but from the looks of the floor that evening, the entire waitstaff was comprised of only smoky, built european men with bodies to accentuate black tight tees.  Interesting.  The decor is a play on nature, and I'm a big fan of the black stone encrusted wall.
4	I still could not forget the taste of their sashimi...Great food...good-looking waiters...what more can I say?
4	Despite all the hype, we decided not to go for the omakase.  Turned out that the choice was not a bad one.  The three of us shared a bamboo sake order, many many appetizers, one main course, and a green tea ice cream.  I was surprised that it was under $300, and we were stuffed AND satisfied.The lobster salad was great; you really do get an entire lobster!  The only thing we didn't love was the squid pasta salad, but it was still decent.  I was a little disappointed that for the prices we're paying, we still weren't getting real wasabi.The service was great despite how busy it was.  I had reserved 9 days in advance but still could only get a 10pm reservation.  I was concerned that the service, selection, and quality wouldn't be up to par since the kitchen supposedly closed at 11pm, but this was not the case.  I *loved* the filet mignon with anticucho sauce, but the southerner in our group thought it tasted like weird chili.I'd give this more like a 4.5 stars.  I really didn't like the Hard Rock Hotel, and once you step out of the restaurant, it's just way too loud, even for Vegas.
4	Tasty tasty sushi!!!I was rather impressed with the quality of the food and the interesting tropical environment.The prices will get to you, but the sushi is incredibly satisfying.Only thing that got to me was, that i learned the head chef was french. Not that I have anything against the french, but i came to a japaneses restaurant for a reason.Anyhow, YES, go here if you have the chance and some extra $. plan to spend 50-75$/person.
4	Incredible and I didn't have to go to NYC for the beautiful beautiful presentation for omakase! Far easier to get reservations when you also stay at the Hard Rock Hotel.
3	This place deserves 3 stars.  The food was fantastic.  I highly recommend the blackened miso cod, beef tataki, and the bento green tea dessert.  However for an upscale restaurant, the service was very unsatisfiying and snobby.  Our waiter was very rude to begin with when we were ordering our dinner.  He did not take the time to explain the dishes we asked about.  Not only that he forgot our sashimi dinner, so we ended up waiting at our table an extra 20 minutes for that to arrive.
4	Nobu is easily my favorite place to dine in Las Vegas.  I've been told their traditional sashimi and nigiri offerings are fresh and tasty, but I wouldn't know, because Nobu offers up so many unique South-American influenced Japanese dishes that I only order from their special items.  I recommend you do the same; you didn't come to Vegas to be boring and unadventurous, so why change now?The star of the menu is the Broiled Black Cod with Miso.  When you go, check with the waiter to see if this dish is available with the phyllo dough wrap; if it is, order it that way and prepare for the best thing to ever enter your mouth.  Also great are Fresh Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno, New Style Sashimi, and Sashimi Salad with Matsuhisa Dressing.  My rating is 1 star shy of a perfect score only because eating there burns a serious hole in my wallet (this ain't Todai after all); if only it were not as expensive, I could go more often to feast on the delicious food.
4	It's Vegas, it's glitsy, it's glam.  But the food here is suprisingly straightforward.    I was kind of expecting a lot of fancy appetizers, a bunch of cleverly named rolls, and fusiony kinda stuff, but the menu was actually pretty straight.  Omakase is the way to go.The quality of the sashimi here is top notch - very very fresh.  I heard that they cryogenically flash freeze the toro for freshness and it shows.  The cuts of Toro here was excellent - marbelized and tender.The jalapeno hamachi appetizer thing was really really good as well.  I'll have to start remembering these dish names, seriously.  But just look for jalapeno on the menu, you can't miss it.My big gripe witht his joint is that the prices are through the roof, and the portions are miniscule.  I suggest you hit another restaurant late night after dinner here (which we did).  Actually this might be a good thing, because you can get in another meal!
5	well i went with the guy that sells to the guy that sells the seafood to nobu. yeah. oh yeah. it was awesome.i like the take they do on japanese food. very inventive....should be minus one star though. too fucken expensive. good thing for buddys expense account.
5	Fresh yellowtail sashimi with jalapenoSpicy miso scallop chipsTuna tataki with ponzuBlack cod with misoTenderloin of beef "to-ban" yakiBest. Dinner. Ever.Oh, and did I mention Lindsay Lohan with her new Hard Rock beau and bodyguards. Good times!
4	what is it about vegas and the walls made out of rocks?  they have one here and it boggles the mind.  the overall decor seems to be rock-themed.very good, very honest and simply delicious food.  the flavors are wonderful and they win the award for best use of miso...not exactly filling, but a divine experience as far as taste and ambiance are concerned.
3	Decent sushi but honestly doesn't come close to Oyaji in Outer Richmond or even Sushi Ran in Sausalito. Although, the price is very similar...
5	I was in Vegas this past weekend for a bachelorette party. And when we found out there was a Nobu here (see my NYC review since I had been to that one quite a few times), we had to come! I was in charge of the ordering since no one else from the party had been there. The decor is similar to New York's Nobu, but not as big and not as nice. The service is not as good but it's Vegas so oh well.We ordered:Peach Martini and Lychee martini - very good but strong.Yellowtail Sashimi with jalapeno and ponzu sauce - This was fucking good. One of my friend's doesn't eat sashimi and she loved this dish. (See below for Kristine N's review). They prepared it with about 20 pieces of sashimi on the plate for our big party! It was GREAT!Lobster salad - Of course I had to order this! I love the salad dressing. Miso black cod - The cool thing about Nobu is that because we had a group of 8, they actually cut the fish in chunks and put them individually on little lettuce wraps so it would be easier to eat. This was fantastic and sweet.Chilean Sea bass w/ mushrooms - The bride-to-be is a sea bass connoisseur and she said this was not Chilean sea bass, but just regular sea bass. It was still very good though. YUMMM.Squid pasta - I love the squid pasta here. Complimented w/ asparagus. I love asparagus!Rock shrimp tempura - we choose the butter sauce since the other sauces had been a bit spicy. Yummy.Bento box - flourless chocolate cake with ice cream. This was better than I remembered from NYC. It's not flourless as in a chocolate bar on a plate - it actually does have a cake - souffle texture to it. It was great, and gooey in the middle. Mango caramel ice-cream dessert - A light but tasty dessert with caramel bits in it.One of the girls and I are not big seafood fans, but we loved all the dishes here. (See below for Kristine N.'s review!) That tells ya something! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed this meal which made me happy because I hoped they would trust my judgement in food. =)It was nice because they brought out each dish one-by-one so you aren't stuffing your faces all at once. By the end of the dinner, we felt extremely satisfied but not so full we were going to explode.Yay, for Nobu!!!
5	Nobu is AWESOME. I've never been to a Nobu before until this past weekend when I was in Vegas for a bachelorette party. The decor inside the restaurant was pretty nice. Service wasn't too bad, but it could have been a pinch better. Felt like our waitress was spread out a little too thin and trying to cover too many tables, but when she was around, she gave us the time and explained things pretty thoroughly.My favorite dish of the night was the Yellowtail Sashimi with jalapeno (I normally don't like raw fish, but this one was freaking awesome!), lobster salad (I normally don't eat fields of green salad, but this was an exception!), miso black cod (very yummy), the bento box dessert was great (esp the chocolate flourless cake which was very soft) and the mango caramel ice cream dessert. The ice cream was lighted flavored mango and there were caramel bits in there that was just great. Probably my favorite dessert that I've ever had.Overall the food was fantastic. Definitely would head back to Nobu again next time I'm in Vegas. They're opening one closeby and I'll be definitely dining there in the future.
4	In the hip Hard Rock Hotel, Nobu is a scene and a place to try if your wallet is willing to go along. The fish was excellent, and the simple flavor pairings made it a unique experience. I had a "cold" dish with sashimi along with small sprigs of fresh cilantro. It worked. It is defintely worth trying for a special occasion. For me, it  was celebrating my friend's engagement.
2	The food was excellent, as expected (as I have been here before).Tell me if you have ever heard of this before:Our reservation was for 2 people at 8:00 pm on Sat night.  We showed up on time and were seated within about 10 minutes.  Each time we finished a dish, we ordered a new one.  At 9:45 the waiter let us know that  "we apologize but we really need your table back."  I thought this was a joke.  I ordered dessert, and when it was served the waiter said, "please take a minute or two and then we really do need the table back."The waiter did offer for us to allow the tip to reflect the early exit.  Ridiculous, really.
5	Nobu is a great place to splurge when you have time and want to have good Japanese food.  A few quick notes about how to eat there.1, I've heard the omikase is excellent. It's a safe way to try a nice selection of things.2, be nice to your waiter, and it will make all the difference. In general, be nice to the person that brings you your food, and you'll have a better, healthier, more hygenic meal, but here, being nice can mean great service, good advice, and a wonderful experience. I have 1 friend who is a waiter there, and if he can't serve me when I go, I make sure one of the other folks who has helped him wait on me before is my waiter, and I've never had a bad meal, bad location, or bad service.3, the black cod with miso, and hamachi with jalapeno and ponzu are  musts on the menu. I also recommend the squid pasta, rock shrimp tempura, sashimi salad, and spicy tuna rolls.  The spicy tuna roll there is the best version I've ever had.  The black cod is probably the best treatment of cooked fish I've ever consumed.4, enjoy the celebrity spotting. I actually sat next to Wayne Brady (a very nice guy, and super polite to the staff) at one dinner, and Tiffany Amber Thiessen was there a different night. I can't say the same nice things about her that I mentioned about Wayne Brady.All in all, a great meal.  And get the nigori sake...best bang for your buck alcohol wise, and very tasty.
5	I was really ready to give Nobu an average rating - how much can you really pay for fish?  How good could it really be?  It really is that good.I was in Vegas for a bachelorette party with some girlfriends, and we went to Nobu.  I'd been to Nobu Next Door ages ago in NYC...and I thought it was good but not outstanding.  Apparently they save the good stuff for the "real" restaurant.I was underwhelmed by the resaurant decor - it seemed a little bit like any generic Japanese restaurant.  But the food was awesome.  We had the tuna sashimi salad - tuna was so good and the salad dressing was awesome (I love Japanese salad dressing), hamachi sashimi with jalapeno peppers, salmon sashimi with chives (loved it - and I'm not even a huge salmon fan), miso cod (liked it...but definitely loved the sashimi more) and the real winner I wasn't expecting was this shrimp tempura dish...  Tiny pieces of friend shrimp covered in some sort of mayonnaise-y kind of sauce.  Delish.  To accommodate some non-fish eaters, we got chicken which was fine, but really, who goes to Nobu for chicken?  I may have to take out a second mortgage on my non-existent house, but it was worth it...
4	Nobu would have gotten the 5th star, except for the loud music, and the decidedly non-intimate seating. My wife and I aren't opposed to answering a question about a dish, but when the folks next to you can lean over and check out what you're eating, well...I understand that that's the place's image, but it just keeps it from being a 5-star dining experience, IMO.We went on a Sunday night at 7:30p. We were seated immediately, and our server brought the drink menus. My wife had the Passion Mojito, and I stuck with a Sapporo because I'm not a huge fan of sake. The drink menu was replaced with the dinner menu, but we were pretty sure we were going to have the Omakase.There are two basic "levels" of Omakase...each is composed of a mixture of cold dishes, hot dishes, sushi, and dessert. The lower-priced version ($100) contains more traditional dishes, and the higher priced version ($135) was said to be more "exotic". We both opted for the latter. I was trying to listen to the explanation of each dish and then scribble them down, so I likely missed some of the little accompaniments/garnishes. - Kumamoto Oyster, on the half-shell, with Nobu Salsa- Sweet Shrimp (sashimi-style, no rice, and no tempura head)- Some kind of shellfish sashimi-style (either scallop or clam, I'm leaning towards scallop, based on the texture and the menu offerings)All three of these items were served on the same plate, the latter two with, I think, ponzu sauce. The oyster was pretty large, such that I didn't want to pick the shell up and end up wearing some of it. The sweet shrimp was very rich and quite tasty, and what I'm assuming was the scallop was a little firmer than I would expect, but still very good.- Kampachi sashimi with kelp and mushroom Kampachi is one of my favorite fish, and this did not disappoint. The kelp and mushroom, I think, were kept subtle so as not to overpower the fish...you could actually skip the kelp and mushrooms if you were trying to save room for later. - New-style unagi (lightly seared) layered with shiitake over a bed of tofu, with uni on the sideThey have a really good sauce for the uni, because I don't like uni, and this tasted great! :) The unagi was also wonderful when prepared like this, as the meat is very tender, and no powerful marinade.- Toro salad with vegetable spring rollI wasn't crazy about the spring roll...I thought it was bland. The toro salad, however, was very good.- Green tea & Ume sorbetI guess this was a palate cleanser? I wasn't expecting to get something like this in the middle of the meal. After the server brought it out, I told my wife, "Thank you for dining at Nobu, please come back soon." Anyway, it was not overly sweet, and would be fine as a dessert after a big meal.- Broiled snapper over risotto with snow crab meat, topped with a white truffle chip The hot dishes started with a small chunk of snapper that was done pretty much perfectly, no color, but still very juicy. The risotto was OK, nothing special, but the rice went well with the fish.- Small, sliced, grilled "Kobe" beef tenderloin with Okinawa potatoes served alongside a slice of grilled Japanese eggplant topped with a small piece of grilled foie gras.I'm going to commit heresy in a bit...I put Kobe in quotes, because I hear a bunch of stories about whether or not Kobe is Kobe, but this tenderloin was done rare, and the potatoes went nicely with it. Great dish. I don't really like eggplant, but this was OK, so they did something right. I'd never had foie gras before, and, well, meh? There, I said it.- Miso soup with clamAnother break, like the sorbet. It wasn't bad or anything, but I was getting kinda full, so I almost skipped it. (almost).- Nigiri sampler: Oh Toro, pink snapper, sardine, snow crab, jumbo clamThe clam was fresh and crunchy, but the snow crab was pretty ordinary. This was only the second time I've had sardine nigiri. I like sardine under other circumstances, but for sushi, I think it's just too oily? I couldn't tell the difference between the pink snapper and, say, fresh tai, but it was very firm and tasty. My wife told me the Oh Toro was awful and that I should consider letting her eat it for me, as she didn't want it to ruin my dinner. I love her very much, but in matters of sushi, she is not to be trusted. :) Try the Oh Toro.- Blancmange (yogurt, in this case) over almond crisp, pomegranate seeds, and assorted frozen berries.Full. I almost had to pass on dessert (almost). Again, not overly sweet, which is a plus in my book, and the berries and almond crisp combined very well. The service was tremendous, as the restaurant has a large waitstaff, so dishes are cleared away promptly, but we were not rushed. Our section filled up towards the latter half of the meal, but the staff were able to keep up with no problems.If you're a fan of this type of Japanese food, check it out - it's pricey, but you're in Vegas, so live a little!
5	pricey but worth every penny.  You just don't get this kind of food elsewhere.  As first timers, we tried the "first timers" Omakase and also the "normal" omakase.  The waiter suggested it in case we didn't like the normal version which is a menu made up by the chef, the sushi and entree item were not on the menu.  The "first timers" version was chef's choice but the items were also ones you can order from the menu.
1	*BE WARNED, THIS ONE IS A DOOSEY!**Went here for my birthday - Bill: $350+ for two.  **I am not cheap ; )**Nobu, you did NOT wow me.Here's the bad:You are far too loud for fine dining.  "Am I having a fine meal or am I in a club?"  Because I don't know - and I'm really pissed off about that!I could barely hear the waitress with all her training explain the food to me. (and since you did not provide a printed menu for the Chef's Tasting Menu) - I had no clue what some of the things I was eating even were.You gave me disposable chopsticks...and not the nice kind... FOR F's SAKE NOBU, ARE YOU JOKING? $350+ Dinner?  Pathetic. (said with Disgust, and Distain)  I even asked for better chopsticks and was told you don't have them. (You are a JAPANESE RESTRAUNT - I am stunned...F@%ing stunned)Topper...After all the hype and the promise of excellent quality, food that will be remembered... I cannot accurately describe one thing I ate that night.  I am a Foodie.  The fact that I cannot recall one menu item can only mean one thing; Nobu, you aren't worth your salt.I will never go back.I will not encourage others to fritter a night away in Vegas that would be better spent in a fine dining establishment that is not having an identity crisis.You guys have issues, and I am shocked at your overall rating.Clearly being "cool" (and I say this with cheek) is enough to keep you in business in Las Vegas, (and apparently in LA).  If this exact restaurant were placed in San Francisco, or New York, you wouldn't last a year - The food critics would have your head.
5	Matsuhisa Nobu, I salute you! Your food is divine. I am jealous of your restaurant's decor. I envy your river stone wall. I wish I was a celebrity so I wouldn't have to wait so damn long to eat in your wickedly awesome dining establishment! I simultaneously loathe and love you...in a platonic sort of way, of course...Nobu (in the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino) is one of my all-time favorite restaurants. I've also been to Matsuhisa's in Los Angeles, but there's nothing like the Nobu experience. It's Vegas baby!!Anyway, I've found that it's so much easier to make reservations at Nobu if you're actually staying in the hotel (which is awesome, by the way). One of my college roommates' sisters used to work there and hooked me up with a discounted suite on two occasions...SCORE! It also doesn't help if you're pretty slick with the pass-the-twenty-as-you-shake-the-host/hostess'-hand-in-order-to-get-a-table-faster bit. Never worked for me...kept dropping the money...Back to the food: pricey? Abso-friggin'-lutely! Take one look at the place. Nice furniture, kitschy bamboo sake bottles and cups, rice paper wall paneling, indoor bamboo plants, wall inlaid with black river stones, huge sushi bar, and you mustn't forget about the main ingredient: location, location, location. The Hard Rock is practically a sure-fire way to keep this place packed with gorgeous-looking people. They need some way to pay the rent, right?But is the food tasty? Hells to the yeah, it is! Every single dish I've ever had here has been delicious...even the ones that I'm usually not too keen on were better than other places (mirugai for example: here = tasty; other sushi places = like chewing on a salted piece of bicycle tire). The sea bass is prepared very well (nice and moist, flaky too), the rock shrimp is fried to perfection, the sashimi is beautifully presented, and the tataki is to die for...*sigh* if only I could be there right now... Their desserts are just as good as their appetizers and entrees. The last time I was there they had a passion fruit sorbet that could knock you out with its incredible flavor (oooh...my mouth's watering just thinking about it...and now I've drooled on my keyboard...how embarrassing...).As I mentioned before, this place can get pricey. But, if you have the funds and the stomach for it, you have to go with the omakase (chef's choice). Tip: let your server know what you're partial to and what doesn't exactly float your boat in the food department (I'm not a big fan of uni (sea urchin), so I let 'em know that...thanks Nobu!). I believe there are different levels to the omakase dinner, too...at least there was the last time I visited. But, if omakase's not the thing for you, go a la carte...that way you can try a variety of Nobu's offerings. It's all up to you.Since Nobu's in a Vegas hot-spot, be prepared for celebrity sightings as well. The first time I ate there, my wife and I were seated next to a group of porn stars (they had to be with their excessively tight and skimpy clothing, the gratuitous cleavage (both male and female), the over-tanned, near-leather quality to their skin, and (of course) the cowboy hats!) C'mon! Who wears a cowboy hat in a Japanese restaurant while wearing practically nothing?! Porn stars! That's who! I also walked past ex-San Francisco 49er quarterback Jeff Garcia, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Tony Gonzalez, Enrique Iglesias, and Enrique Iglesias' mole (pre-divorce, that is).Every visit to Nobu is like dinner and a show! I think that alone gives me my money's worth.
3	Okay, so this place had so much hype that it would take an inhuman performance to live up to it.Here's the problem: you make great food, you even try innovative things, but you hire amateur servers who hound your customers who are probably paying about $100 per person at a minimum. I never thought I'd make it through a chef's tasting menu in so little time.If I didn't know it were such a pricey place, the decor would have been the same as any other sushi restaurant with the exception of the stones they give you for chopstick rests.
5	Believe it or not, I think Nobu Vegas stands out as the best Nobu venue in the U.S. I've done the Omakatse menu (degustation) several times, and each time, it has been almost totally different, with each course being innovative, surprising, and most importantly, delicious. While Kobe beef may be hard to mess up (though certainly not impossible :P), Nobu delivers it perfectly in several different preparations. From tartar, to seared fillet, to wok fried, it's always decadent and flavorful. The sushi is ridiculously fresh and well presented, as are the salads and desserts. The staff does just an amazing job describing every ingredient in every course in great detail, explaining where everything is grown, what flavors it's chosen for, and it's history. Simply amazing. Their Sake list is diverse and excellent, and Nobu has the best cold Sakes I've ever had. I've had the chance to have some blind horizontal tastings, and Yk-35 always wound up as being my favorite.
4	Great sushi, very fresh, very authentic.  The yellow tail sashimi is their "signature" dish, so get that.  They don't have a very big menu and it's a little pricey, but overall worth it for a nice dinner.  Try the dessert shots, they are delicious!  Oh, and great service.  The waiters are cute and friendly.
5	*** NOBU - LONDON ***AWESOME & EXPENSIVE!!!  The servers explain everything about the dish they're serving to you.  Again, this is for the Nobu located in London, not Las Vegas.Recommedations: Nobu's Black Cod Miso and Scallops Kobujime
4	I can't get enough of that new style sashimi!  We ordered the ama ebi version and the ama ebis just melted in your mouth... I am still thinking about it.They only get 4 stars because we had a late seating (only time available) and they wouldn't serve us the omakase anymore.  I had been to Nobu in NYC twice before and in my view, omakase is the only way to go when eating at Nobu.
5	This place is like a museum inside and expensive as hell, but oh is it worth it.  If you love quality, beauty and tasteful Japanese food, this is the place.  My hubby and I always like to go here if we are going to happen to be in the Vegas area and are never disappointed.  We even got to see a few celebs here and there.  The Tony Gonzalez passed right by me and I almost fainted.  hehe  just kidding hubby.  The rock shrimp is to die for, the sushi is perfect, even the little river stone they give you at the table to rest your chopsticks on is perfect.  This is definitely not your average Japanese restaurant so if you're looking for an experience, this is the place to go.
4	If it were possible, I'd give Nobu 4.5 stars. My sweetie and I spent a few days in Las Vegas this week and went out to high-profile restaurants every night.All of the food we ordered was absolutely delicious, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The sushi and sashimi were served at the perfect temperature, and everything tasted absolutely fresh.  Spicy Miso Chips w/Scallop SashimiSquid PastaMiso-Glazed Black Cod - (A Nobu specialty and the best piece of fish I've ever eaten)A Selection of Sashimi and sushi including yellowtail, fluke, salmon avocado roll, and yellowtail scallion roll.Flourless Chocolate Cake Bento Box - (As a pastry chef, I'm pretty wary of the whole "flourless chocolate lava cake" trend, but this one was fabulous, perfect texture and molten center,  served with white chocolate sauce and green tea ice cream. Yum!)I'd say the prices were quite reasonable as well.  Keep in mind this -is Vegas, people.  After checking out -many- of the restaurant menus in other hotels I'd say Nobu was absolutely less expensive, and there's no way you're going to get better food quality.The only half star missing would be for the quality of the service.  The clearing and mise en placing of the table was fabulous, but our waiter was a little too casual.  He seemed almost on the verge of addressing us as "guys" or calling my sweetie "boss".  Nothing wrong with being friendly, but lets face it this isn't a diner.  A little more dignity would have been appropriate.  Luckily, the professionalism of the runners made up for it.  Yay Nobu!
5	Sushi heaven, simply put. You will be spoiled by the experience and will scrutinize every sushi restaurant post dining here.Located at the Hard Rock, I was fortunate enough to grab a spot at the sushi bar and partake in the hustle and bustle of the Japanese chefs' banter. Being at the bar allows you to receive great recs on unique dishes (i.e. snapper nigiri with special hot sauce, et al).For me, what sets Nobu apart is the freshness of the fish, and the perfect cut of fish paired with the perfect amount of rice. It's all about getting that balance right.In regards to vibes, Nobu is a place to be seen and the interior supports the Asian influence with contemporary.Be prepared for a long wait if you don't make reservations and remember, there's a premium to be paid for the Nobu brand and quality.
5	This place was unbelievable.  The fish was so fresh and prepared in  a creative way.  We tried almost everything on the menu.  The bill was not so friendly but who cares you are at Nobu eating some of the best sushi around.
5	Please see our Nobu New York review for more wild and crazy Nobu action!!!The differences:  Not much, perhaps the food here in Vegas is edgier but maybe it just seems that way after we've been playing blackjack and eating stale shrimp cocktails for 32 straight hours...Reservations in Las Vegas are much easier to get.We've been here 3 times and ordered omakase every time.  Get this, damn wifey even asked for MORE expensive options and we were denied 2 out of 3 times!  What restaurant do you know refuses to take the extra money you try throw at them?  Gotta respect their integrity.
3	Our food was pretty fantastic, but what soured the whole experience was our service. Our waiter was unfriendly and his manner was short to the point of rudeness. One example: we ordered a sashimi dinner and instead of  indicating the various fish that the chef chose, he dumped the plate on our table and left immediately. I felt like I was being served by a brooding, bitter member of a failing rock band that had taken this job because he had to pay the bills. I would had some sympathy if the restaurant was busy, but half the tables were empty because our reservations were towards the end of the night. Maybe he was pissed because of that, but for $400, I'm inclined to not give a shit about that and want some proper service.Having said that, I would have rated Nobu somewhere between 4-5 stars based purely on their food. The environment was pleasant but not that impressive. I'd like to come back some day, and maybe I will when the memories of the sub-par service fade.
3	Impressed by the decor but the food not so much.  I guess I a sushi snob.  I'm sure the one in NY is 10 times better.  I would hope so for their sake.
4	Order the chef's tasting menu  - outstanding! Soft shell crab is the best ever! You will surely drop a pretty penny, but the food is excellent.......the scene ain't too bad either.
3	This place does offer good sushi and prefixed menu, but it is definitly way over rated. For the price they are asking, I would expect the fish to taste as good as the fishes in Tsukiji Fish Market, in Tokyo.
5	NOBU. . .Narcissistic. . .Outrageous. . .Bracing . . .Unconventional.  These are just a few words that come to mind after I experienced Nobu. Because really, you don't dine or even eat at Nobu . . .you experience it with all of your senses. Yes, it is expensive, but what do you expect? You're in Vegas, a city that thrives on the temptation and transiency of money. It is glaringly obvious that the chefs at Nobu approach sushi and food like art. From the flawless presentation of each plate to the masterful blending of the phenomenal flavors, dining here is like watching art unveil itself. I tasted unique creations at Nobu that I have never tasted before anywhere else, nor will I probably ever come across again except at this restaurant. Every time a new plate arrived at our table, I felt like applauding (and in many instances, we did). I can not even begin to describe the parade of culinary wonders that we experienced. There was hamachi sashimi with jalapeno, kobe beef carpaccio, marinated cod lettuce wraps, and a wide variety of sashimi and rolls that blew your mind (to name a few). Each was an explosive fusion of the Far East and the rest of the world that stimulated your taste buds. They also have an impressive selection of flavored sake that only serves to emphasize the aromatics of the food.Not only is Nobu candy for your soul, it is candy for the eyes as well. Don't be surprised if you dine next to an unshaven Justin Timberlake, bitchy Paris Hilton, drunk Vince Vaughn or bald Britney Spears. Just remember to play it cool, you are at Nobu after all.
4	I love sushi! Every time I'm in a city with a Nobu, I try and stop in.  Yummy cocktails to start - check!Yellowtail with jalepenos and cilantro - check!Lobster ceviche - check!An array of awesome sushi - check!Waiter who seemed super interested in all the eye candy - check!This place would have had 5 stars, but when you spend $150/ person and have sub par service...well- enough said!
5	LOVED IT!  We were seated quickly when we arrived at 7:30.  The restaurant was packed even for a week night (given all the conventions I shouldn't be surprised).  The service was great.  The waiter was informative and always around.We had the chief's sampling menu that cost us about $100 each.  There were 8 dishes total including dessert.  Each dish was very tasty and innovative.   We didn't order any alcohol only sparkling water.  Our bill came to $250.  Steep!!Here is what I don't like: (1) Loud music.  I am starting to sound old. I couldn't hear my husband at all during the whole dinner.  (2) Close promixity of the tables.  I can hear other people's conversation. I need my space!
3	Had a delicious meal, but still left hungry after spending $200 on dinner for two. Something about that just seems so wrong.
3	More like 3 1/2 stars.  I've been to the NY and Miami ones, and this is 2nd behind NYC.  Good food and service for the most part.  Fresh Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno - yum, though presentation was better at NYCRock Shrimp Tempura with Ponzu and Chili Pepper - yumCrab ceviche- yumCreamy Spicy Crab - doubt this is authentic but if you love mayo like I do...yumWashu Beef - served New Style - like a carpaccio drizzled with sesame oil - yumThis is where I would take points away:-The space is not that impressive for the prices-Bathroom being way back out in the casino.  Every food establishment should have a convenient place to wash your hands!-Uni was so--- not fresh,  It was bitter!  Though as soon as I mentioned it, the waiter took it off our bill.  I'm just surprised a place of this caliber would serve anything with poor quality.-Though I expect the specials to be pricey, it would be courteous to mention to a party of two that one of them is $120!
4	This place was good....it was pricey but that is to be expected, also why I gave it 4 stars....we were there on may 5th for my birthday and also the weekend of the fight so there were a lot of people out. It was strange to see some empty tables....the jalepeno yello tail was my absolute favorite...it was soooo good!!!!..their cocktails were good too (pomegranite martini....oh so yummy) so I dont remember much of what else I had to review it:) P.S. we saw Michael J. Fox there
2	Originally posted on winodepot.com***Date: May 18, 2007Location: 4455 Paradise Road @ Hard Rock HotelCorkage: $15 or $20 - can't bring bottle in that's on their listCost: $180/person including tax & tipPhone: 702.693.5090Hummm.....where do I start. This was recommended to me by my dinner companion when I went to Ame, a palate I trust. So even after many disappointing fine dining restaurants on hotel properties, I figured I would give Nobu a shot. Should of known better...Standard menu as well as two different tier of omakase available, $100 & $135 if I recall correctly. We decided to do the $135 version for all three of us, three cold course, two hot course, followed by soup, sushi, and dessert.Writing this up a week later, can't remember exactly what we had, weekend in Vegas tends to short circuit one's memory.  Think we started with a course of Bonito sashimi, which was fresh and nice flavor combinations. The two other cold course wasn't particularly memorable, very apparent since I can't recall much details on them. Moving onto the first hot course, which I do remember, but for the wrong reason. Some sort of white fish (Cod or Halibut), done in a sweet and sour stir-fry style with touch of spice. Sorry, but if this is what I am looking for, I'll take my money to Panda Express or any food court at a local mall.The second hot course was a steak, filet is the cut...I think. Topped with a piece of seared foie gras, couple slices of egg plant, and Shitake mushroom. Probably the best course of the evening and one of the very few steak course I've enjoyed as part of tasting menu, definite a rarity.Soup, sushi and dessert were brought up to conclude the omakase menu, all pedestrian, nothing to write home about.Not only was the food not very interesting, the decoration of the space also seem kind of odd. What's suppose to be a fine dining restaurant, really has a very cheap feel to it. For anyone thinking about trying this place, think again, avoid if possible.
5	Best Japanese restaurant ever!If you want new contemporary japanese food, best sake (and that says a lot cause I'm not a sake drinker), and ambiance, you should go here. One thing that they did here that I've never seen done anywhere else is, if you DON'T know what you want, you can let your server know what you like, what you don't like, and how much you want to spend, and they will create a menu just for you! hint: make reservations early!!
5	Only complaint is that San Francisco doesn't have a NOBU!Great meal. We went with Chef Matsushisa's Omakase menu and gave the chef no limitations with food or money...so it ended up being a little pricer that we thought. None the less...AMAZING and worth every cent!Staff was very knowledgeable with the sake selection.Some favorites:Black Cod with MisoLive ScallopSea UrchinLobster CevicheToro with Spicy Miso and CaviarAtmosphere is lively and loud.
3	When Nobu opened in New York City, it created a sensation.  Reservations were nearly impossible to get, and its new interpretation of traditional Japanese food was widely praised.  This led to the inevitable branding of the restaurant; Nobu can be found all over the globe.Meal #1: I found Las Vegas Nobu's sushi highly variable.  The overall quality was OK, but some items (e.g., uni) were poor while others (e.g., ankimo) were good.  Orange and honey flavored sake was interesting but probably not worth repeating.Meal #2:  Since my first meal, I went to Nobu in Miami Beach, sat in the dining room and had the omakase meal.  I enjoyed that a bit more, so decided to give the Vegas location another shot.The restaurant looks OK, but nothing great.  It's very noisy, in keeping with the Hard Rock atmosphere.  The crowd is mostly young, but I think anyone would feel comfortable here; I did.  Service is pleasant, although all the servers are running around at full speed.Now, on to the meal:    * I chose Jyunmai Daiginjyo sake.  It wasn't bad, but was a trifle harsh.    * Small Japanese spring roll with balsamic vinaigrette reduction.  Good.    * Trio of raw seafood: sea scallop slice, oyster, ama ebi (raw shrimp).  All served with onion and other spices, although each was slightly different.  Good.    * Seared maguro and a slightly strong flavored fish, with garlic chips and a pickled ginger shoot.  A good combination.  Very good.    * Uni (sea urchin) and some white fish, served on sliced eggplant.  The uni was seared and was surprisingly delicious.  There was also a tiny river crab, to be eaten shell and all; interesting for the crunch, not the flavor.  Very good.    * O toro and a spring roll with Jalapeno sauce and radish.  The o toro was good but a little chewy, and the strong sauce tended to overwhelm the tuna.  Good to very good.    * Palate cleanser: intensely flavored, sweet/sour mango sorbet, on top of a red granite with little flavor.    * Service lapse.  Up to this point, courses had been timed well.  At this point, I waited for about 15 minutes, with no explanation.  This was a little annoying.    * Grilled sea scallop on a bed of mushrooms, bits of seafood, and brown rice.  Very good.    * Foie gras and Kobe beef.  A large hunk of foie gras; good flavor.  Kobe beef very good.  Overall, very good to excellent.    * Service lapse: the next course was supposed to be sushi, followed by miso soup.  They reversed the order, and apologized later.  A minor matter.    * Miso soup.  Better than average; good fish stock flavor, not too salty.  Very good.    * Sushi: o-toro (tuna belly), shima aji (variety of mackerel?), some kind of crab, unagi (eel).  Very good.    * Fruit papillote.  Like a crepe.  The raspberry seeds were very distracting.  Fair.    * Honey ice cream.  Very strong honey flavor.  Strange, but I liked it.  Very good.Overall, the meal was good, but not as good as Nobu in Miami, and not nearly as good as Okada.  At the price they charge ($120), they need to do better.Meal #3: Based on past meals, I hadn't planned to return. However, I found myself at The Hard Rock Hotel at meal time, and no other choices looked appealing. I decided to go for unusual choices, hoping this would be a strength. This worked out better. My selections:    * Ankimo (steamed monkfish liver). Standard but still very good.    * Hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar). This is a chunk of fish, skin and bone, served grilled. It may not sound like much, and it's a little difficult to get the flesh out, but it's usually very rich and very tasty. I was both happy and sad with my choice: it was very good, but not as good as elsewhere. If you'd like to try this dish, order it robatayaki style at Okada.    * Live shrimp. These Santa Barbara shrimp were killed in front of me, so I guess that means they're fresh. They were big and rather chewy; I'm guessing the latter is due to their recent demise. The heads were served tempura style, and were juicy and tasty.    * Live octopus. I'm not sure that it was live, but slices of the tentacle, served raw, were indeed very fresh tasting - and much less chewy than the cooked version. Pretty good.This was the most satisfying of my meals at Nobu. Nothing was stellar, but everything was good.Nobu's strength is its new take on Japanese foods.  Its weaknesses are sushi that isn't in the same class with the better places in Las Vegas, and suspect service.  Given such high prices, I'd look elsewhere.
3	Hubby's review is 2 stars.  Here's what he has to say....Food was slightly better than ok.  Prices were too fucking expensive!  Would never go back.   Here's what I have to say....3.5 starsI'm a lot more wordy than hubby so get ready....Our waiter was snooty.  The prices are beyond outrageous.  The menu was extremely complicated.  I am no Japanese dining expert, but I've eaten at my fair share of Japanese restaurants from fine dining to hole in the wall and for the life of me I could not figure out how to order off of this menu...even after asking the waiter a barage of questions.  It didn't help that we were dining with 2 other couples, one of which did not want to be there, and half of the other couple didn't even like Japanese food...don't ask.  I digress.  The food we did figure out how to order was pretty damn good.  The rolls were good, the tuna sashimi fresh and delicious, the tempura was cooked perfectly....and the chili beef and teryiaki chicken all very good.  But the 2 best parts about Nobu for me were the Belini Martini's (I had two to kick off my night of martinis) and the Bento Box dessert.  The dessert was absolutely heavenly.  A flourless chocolate cake filled with a warm ooozy chocolate sauce topped with fresh raspberries and served with a scoop of green tea ice cream, it was one of the best desserts I have ever had!  It's too bad hubby says he won't go back. I think if we had ordered differently and accepted the fact that it costs a small fortune to dine here, we might get to a good solid 4 stars.
4	I wish all of my meals in Vegas were this good.  I don't even know where to begin.  The Yellow Tail sashimi with jalapeno that I was allowed to taste was delicious.  I could have ordered 5 plates of it alone and been happy with my meal.  Thankfully being with the group I was with that wasn't allowed to happen and I enjoyed several other items from the menu.For myself I ordered the Chilean sea bass with a dry miso rub, the lobster ceviche, uni nigiri, and scallop sashimi.  The sea bass had a very mild flavor although the dry miso was tasty.  I think grilling sea bass rather than steaming it brings out the buttery flavor that it naturally has much better.  The lobster ceviche was great and I could have had a couple more but I held off so I could enjoy my entire meal.  The uni was good, although I don't think the wait staff would be able to tell you whether the uni is good that day or not if you asked.  I'm sure the people preparing the meals would just opt not to serve the uni if they happen to not be able to get some good stuff in that day.  At least I hope so.  The surprise of the meal was the scallop sashimi. It was presented beautifully in a little hollowed out lime cup.  With a dash of soy and wasabi the flavor was amazing.  I really should have gotten at least one more order.I was also able to try some of the tempura rock shrimp, miso black cod, and the wagyu beef.  All were great but the wagyu beef and miso black cod were crazy delicious and will be must order items the next time I eat at Nobu.For dessert I had the hibiscus sorbet with champagne jelly and rock candy.  The popping of the rock candy (pop rocks) in your mouth with the flavor of the hibiscus sorbet and champagne jelly was more fun than some of the Yelp events I've been to.
1	As an AVID sushi chick ... I was looking forward to Chef Matsushita to WOW me. The place was expectedly pretty ... the $14 cucumber martini (lame). Ignorable since i came here to be "wow"ed by the food not the booze. The waitress was really REALLY REALLY sweet and the couple sitting next to us shared their sake with us ... which was sweet. we were debating between sticking to rolls and your average japanese food OR the chef's specialty.$100 for the omakase ... an extra $35 for "better quality food".  *ding*1. gazpacho w/ a white asparagus eggroll. gazpacho = ok. eggroll = interesting. a lame start for a meal i was expecting to be great. 2. bonito, some other weird fish and a japanese fish i can't remember "sashimi" = interesting. the salsa made the dish. it was OK. 3. sashimi salad w/ sake and peppers and onions = ok. i was STILL waiting to be WOWed at this point ... then again ... this was JUST the start ... a small build up to what's going to be great... RIGHT??!4. peppered sea bass w/ truffle sauce = ... the HIGHLIGHT of the meal. some parts had some SERIOUS pepper ... but it was good. 5. kobe beef with some sort of lame tabasco = the beef was good. the tabasco ... LAME.*insert some weird apple sauce shot w/ a mandarin orange* *this is where it gets bad*6. soup. HOW DO YOU MESS UP MISO SOUP? ... put an UNFRESH clam in it with SERIOUS sand in it. 7. sushi. eel / half raw supposedly cooked but STILL SLIMY shrimp / ? / ? = i had NEVER gagged and vomitted into my napkin UNTIL this very moment in time. i choked on an eel bone and the skin of the eel still had scales. the eel itself was sour. the rest of the fish was disguised with the NOT OPTIONAL wasabi ball that was lodged into the rice ball. ... and of course MORE tabasco. ... *insert bathroom runs 3x*8. green tea weird thing with pineapple foam = good.i was NOT AT ALL IMPRESSED. i left SICK and wanting the meal to end AS SOON AS POSSIBLE... i didn't even finish my cocktail. :(... i should have stuck to the rolls.
3	Let me start by saying that I am a sushi FREAK. So you don't have to wonder, "Hmm... maybe it was just her first time or...." No. I seriously LIVE for sushi. I eat at incredible places about 3-4 times a MONTH! I dont care about cost either. Good sushi is worth it to me! Okay, that being said... I would give Nobu a 3.5 stars if that were possible. Then again, the only reason I'd bring it up by half would be the friendly servers and great decor. Now, for the sushi... like someone said below recently, I was expecting to be WOWED. I've eaten some amazing food in Vegas and hoped this was going to blow those other places out of the water. But this was not to be unfortunately. Now, I don't know if it's because we're more into nigiri & sashimi and we don't go the hot meal route very often. Either way, I was just not impressed. We ordered red snapper sashimi which came as big slabs of flavorless fish, no presentation & really no taste either. Next was spanish mackerel, usually my fave. This too was bland & boring. Then I ordered unagi, which as most sushi fans know takes a while to get to you when they bake it fresh. This was brought to me almost before the words came out of my mouth! Fast service yes... but how did he bake it so fast? I discovered the answer when I noticed a plateful of it sitting on top of the little oven already done & waiting. Boo!! This caused it to be lukewarm when it arrived. Finished off with rock shrimp tempura because at this point we really just wanted out of there realizing that if we saved up what money we'd normally spend, that we could go to one of our fave places soon to make up for it! Rock shrimp tempura was good, I can't lie. But it was also nothing special. Oh!! And something that really bugged me & my dining partner was that the chef wasn't very good at making his rice stick together tight! It fell apart the second you touched it. :( So to sum up...1 point for service, 1 point for ambiance and 1 point for food/taste.I do have to say the the fish did taste fresh & the quality seemed safe & good. However,  will I go back? Ehh... I would if someone else was buying. But I will never seek it out on my own again I'm sad to say.
5	It's easy to pick apart Nobu.  Mister Matsuhisa's "Nobu" brand has grown so large (worldwide) and prestigious that it's easy to hold him to a standard which is almost unreachable.  And with all of this worldwide exposure I have a hard time tearing apart Nobu.  I truly believe the food is that good.  _C$
5	If you can manage to get a reservation, DO NOT PASS THIS PLACE UP.  It is the best sushi that I've ever had outside of Japan.  In fact, they actually fly the fish in fresh from Japan every single day.  My menu recommendations -- ie get these three things or don't bother going at all -- are the Miso Eggplant, the Yellowtail with Jalapeno and Cilantro in Yuzu Sauce, and the Thinly Sliced White Fish in Ponzu Sauce.  Though I have extensive experience with the NOBU menu, in my opinion these three dishes are the most outstanding options on the menu.  Now when I go to NOBU, I gorge myself by ordering multiples of just these three dishes.I also recommend their restaurant beer brand.  It's lighter and more crisp than most Japanese beer, and in fact, tastes more like a Chinese beer to me.
5	NISHisHOT doesn't take shit from NOBODY.NO body.Especially at restaurants.So if you want to offer a ginger infused lychee martini.  And it tastes like the vodka that comes straight out of my freezer.  Well . . . It SUCKS.  It gets it's ass sent back to the kitchen. And if you want to offer Mackerel on your sushi menu that's as stale as the Talk Threads on Yelp.  Well . . . It's UNACCEPTABLE.  It gets it's ass sent back to the kitchen.But if you offer. . . tiradito and lobster and oysters and sashimi and black cod and lions and tigers and a baby gorilla (it's Vegas, baby.  Vegas) . . .   that break-dances on your tastebuds and plays the drumline on your tonsils.   Well . . . It gets it's ass sent to my dancing buddha belly.  Happy buddha belly.5 Stars.  A couple mishaps that got sent back to the kitchen and off the check.   But the other food more than made up for it.  Including the baby gorilla.  And the excellent, good looking service.And about that check.  Well.  Shocking.  Stabbing.  No that's not my heart.  It's my wallet exploding.So  . . . 5 Stars to my boyfriend for always knowing that I'm always better at being a drama mamma than ever paying for dinner.  (Okay!  So I had to wash his underwear for a month.  It's Vegas, baby.  Vegas)NISHisHOT doesn't take shit from NOBODY.
4	Food was great - yellow tail sashimi with the ponzu sauce coupled w/ cilantro is worth going alone.. I'm not exaggerating.  One little complaint I have is that when going with a group they say they will get you an amount to feed everyone, but neglect to mention is that they will charge you per order and will just kinda guesstimate how many orders you actually ate.  I mean, the place isn't cheap and we knew that coming in but did we really need 8 orders of sashimi? I'm not going to overthink it because it's not that big of a deal and I was comfortably stuffed. Overall was a great time (esp. when you end up not paying! Hey I'm worth it.)....
5	Probably the best Japanese meal I've had outside of Japan.  I ordered the full $125-ish tasting diner menu, plus some nice cold sake.  Various intricate, colorful, and tasty dishes appear one after another.  The Kobe beef and foie gras was the high-light.  I was so surprised that I was actually getting full.  But for $125, I shouldn't expect any less.There was this nice couple sitting in the next table.  They shared their black cod on lettuce cups dish with me because they ordered too much food.  That dish was excellent.  If only that can happen more often.  As everyone says, it is strange to be located in Hard Rock Casino.  It is not on the strip, so not as convenient to get to.  The decor seemed a little off - feels more Hawaiian or tropical.  The service was friendly, and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.
5	This place was excellent. We went with a bunch of people and ordered a bunch of things on the menu. The shrimp tempura was great and the tuna was also excellent.The sushi seemed extremely fresh and the cocktail menu is extensive. I had a lychee martini that was cool and also the tea infused vodka. The waiter said the tea vodka isn't a favorite, but if you like tea I think you'll enjoy it. The service was great and we managed to get a reservation on a Friday night for 6 people (though we did have to do it during the last time slot).
4	My husband and I had dinner here last night.  We had dinner at Nobu in NYC years ago and loved it then.  This dinner did not disappoint.  We shared the tempura rock shrimp and black miso cod.  Both delicious and I could have easily just have ordered another one of either versus trying something different.  But I had a spicy tuna handroll - also very good.  My husband ordered the yellowtail collar - I was not a fan of this as it smelled very fishy but he liked it a lot.  Also the edamame was warm with sea salt - never had it this way - very good.  But I am a salt-o-holic :-)The service was very good.  Our waiter came back enough to check on us without it being intrusive.   I had the Champagne 95 cocktail - yum.It was a Sunday night at 9:30pm (and closer to 11pm when we left) and it was crowded so imagine Friday and Saturday nights get pretty crazy and since its Vegas there are a lot of late diners.  Definitely recommend a reservation.
1	oh man was this dissapointing.  Nobu's Matsuhisa's in Beverly Hills is the best Japanese Food I've ever had and we expected the same from its Las Vegas counterpart, but maybe a more casual experience.  The food here was no better than the average japanese restaurant and it was very very noisy.  Matsuhisa's is a much more classy, first rate restaurant and can't be beat for celebrity sightings... if you can get in.
2	So -- since her younger sister spent her birthday in London . . . actually, we spent my wife's birthday in Paris, but her birthday fell while we were still out of the country -- when we asked what she wanted to for her birthday, she quite matter-of-factly replied, "Vegas, baby!"OK, so we're in Las Vegas again for our daughter's 12th birthday.  It's me, my wife, and our two girls.  These are girls whose preferred snack is sushi.  These are kids who grew up eating at places like Chez Panisse, Lalime's -- kids who the people at the Cheese Board know not only by sight but are on a first-name basis with.These are Berkeley kids.  We go to Nobu.We have reservations for a 9:00 show, so we make 6:00 pm dnner reservations.  If they had their way, they would have had us out of there by 6:15!There were actually six of us for dinner, lined up with dozens of other people waiting for the front door to be unlocked promptly at 6:00.  We inched inside as part of the reservation conga, only to be shunted aside while they seated others who were in line behind us.  What?  Our table not ready?  THE PLACE WAS EMPTY UNTIL THEY LET US IN!  It's not like they had to wait for someone to leave before they could seat us.We listened to the waiter's suggestions in terms of how he thought (the restaurant thought?) we should proceed through the menu.  The three adults order sake; the three kids ordered whatever it was that they ordered; and we all ordered food.O.K., I do NOT believe that a place with the reputation of Nobu makes their sushi in advance.  I DO believe their sushi is made-to-order.  Honest, I do.  But the sushi, the soup, the soba, the hot plates -- it all came at warp speed, and plates were whisked away before I finished swallowing the last bite!  Instead of a relaxed meal where we could talk, drink, and savor some extraordinary dishes, we were given our check (not cheap) and practically rushed out the door!I'm had more relaxing meals at In-n-Out!  In the drive-up lane.Nobu?  No thank you.
2	Having heard many good things about this place, I was pretty excited to go here.  However, it just did not live up to my expectations.The sushi was just so-so, I could have gotten it at any decent sushi place in the bay area.  Definitely not $100 meal kind of sushi.  Maybe it's because I didn't order the Omakase menu like most people who like this place, but I would think that when you're spending the kind of money you do at this place, even their regular dishes should be a cut above the rest, but they were not.This is also the first place where I ever sent anything back.  The staff recommended a drink (some apple concoction) that turned out to be just terrible.  I'm not at all discriminating when it comes to alcoholic beverages (if it has alcohol and I can keep it down, fine by me!), but this drink was just so horrible that I couldn't take more than a couple of sips.Another minus was the restaurant not having its own restrooms (had to go outside to the casino), which just sucked.  This place just did not seem worth the money at all, and I don't think I'll be back.
5	I really wanted to try Nobu after having an amazing experience at Morimoto in Philly.  I was not disappointed.  We arrived promptly at our reservation time and were seated immediately.  Upon being seated we were greeted by our server within moments.    The atmosphere at Nobu is much different than Morimoto...Nobu is more lively and trendy.  They have you order a few dishes from the three parts of their menu.  We started with the oysters and the lobster ceviche which is served in lettuce wraps.  The lettuce wraps were quite good and the oysters were very earthy tasting. For our second course we chose the creamy spicy crab and the rock shrimp tempura in butter ponzu.  The creamy spicy crab may be one of the best dishes I've ever tasted in a restaurant.  At the end of our weekend I asked my brother in law what his favorite thing was about Vegas and he responded without hesitation "Eating creamy spicy crab at Nobu."  Not the club, not winning $300, not seeing old friends....the creamy spicy crab.  We chose 4 sushi rolls for our main course, the house roll which is like a rainbow row except the fish on the inside, a spider roll, unagi avocado (not on the menu but they happily prepared it for us) and yellowtail scallion.  Each of the rolls was well prepared and the fish was fresh.For dessert we ordered assorted mochi, which caused brother in law to wet himself for the second time that night.  Our assortment included tiramisu, pistachio, honeydew, and raspberry.   All were amazing.The service was outstanding throughout the night.  The meal was well paced, it wasn't the lingering three hour affair we had at Morimoto but we didn't feel rushed at any point.  In the end I felt that the bill was actually fairly reasonable for what we ordered.  Including tip and alcohol it came to about $90 a person.  I do have to add that it did bother me slightly to find that some of the customers were wearing sneakers, open toe sandals (on men) and collarless shirts.  When I made our reservation they informed me that the dress code did not include these things, which is totally fine.  I'm all for getting dressed up to go out to eat, especially in Vegas, and especially at a place like Nobu, but I do not like it when I go through the effort and others don't have to.
4	I loved this place. The juxtaposition of spicy / sweet in all my dishes was just what i wanted. The Cod was amazing, the yellow-tail tacos... everything! Definitely a must for the sushi lover while in vegas.
5	OMG, I love Nobu. Talk about understatement... Like my experience at Bouchon, we had a set menu but I didn't care! It was quite simply amazing!  My favorite: A lettuce wrap cod... It was so delicious. Seafood Skeptics were even keen on the whole Nobu menu! They also had a spicy tuna salad that was just impeccable!Did I already say that I loved Nobu???? Please go... and keep in mind, a Jap Sushi dinner is never complete without Sake. I only wish I remember the name of the Sake I tried... but I'm sure after 10 shots they all tend to taste alike.
5	Hmmm Nobo. Do the Prixe-fix and be surprised.  Awesome experience. Will do it again next time back in town.
5	I got stranded in Vegas once when LA air traffic control cancelled all flights into LA during the LA Fires. That night, my coworker/buddy Danny and I decided to splurge and try this "NOBU" place out... and it was AMAZING! DAMN!!!Since then I have dined at NOBU almost every time I've been in town. In fact, I even had my 30th Birthday Dinner there last year! Now, based on that experience, I wouldn't recommend NOBU for LARGE groups... it becomes too complicated and they pair down the menu for you so you can't please everyone and charge auto-gratuity, etc... let's just say it can be a hassle.HOWEVER, for a date or a group of 4 or so people, it's great! The decor is simple. The staff is MORE than ample. And I want to install that polished black river rock wall they have in my house! I digress... While, I haven't had enough sushi here to comment, my MUST-ORDER menu is as follows:-Chilled Toro Tuna Tartare with Caviar: Too rich for one man!-Roasted Arctic Char with airfried spinach. Soo Tenda'-The Cod! Buttery, delicious, melts right in yo mouth!-Baked crab legs! Creamy, buttery. DO NOT TRY to eat this on your own! You cannot go wrong with any of these choices... unless you have high-blood pressure or are allergic to shellfish...
4	Good sushi, not great (at least when we went). What really impressed me were the appetizers (especially the lettuce wraps).
5	I dont normally eat fish but this is the one place I actually liked it, the yellow tail practically melted away, the only downside to eating here is I havent found a sushi place that matches up to it. The service here was unbeleivable, its like the second you needed anything they appeared out of nowhere. One recommendation, make sure you book your reservations ahead of time, we had to book ours a month in advance.
1	you call this sushi?their O-toro didn't come close to some other places ive been to that are like half the price. it wasn't that fatty. a huge disappointment.their fish isn't that fresh. the uni wasn't that good. the amaebi tasted weird. i had to mix it in my mouth with ginger to put it down. once again, the only asians there. . .
5	When I die - I want to come back as a Black Cod with Miso.Why, you might ask?So that when someone eats me, I can give back the warm fuzzy feeling I get from this dish.  Whoa.  Hands down, off-the-hook, delish!  Bring your ass here - and don't forget the Benjamins.
4	YES! I finally dined at Nobu, considering it was Iron Chef, Masaharu Morimoto's restaurants when he won the challenge. Ok, this is not the original restaurant where he worked (that is in NYC) but this is a branch of it. According to Wikipedia, he left Nobu in 1999, eventually opening his own Morimoto restaurant in Philadelphia in 2001. So I will eventually eat at Morimoto.Nobu was a good experience, although as other yelpers pointed out, why was this in Hard Rock Cafe (seemed kinda out of place) and the kitchy Hawaiian decor, the decor lost one star in my books.The miso cod was heavenly and so was the tuna tartare with caviar. The roll we had was good as well. Pricey but definitely quality sushi.
3	Let me start by saying that the food was excellent.  The reason the place doesn't get 5 or even 4 stars is the service was NOT on the up and up.  I went with 5 other guys celebrating a friend's last days as a bachelor.  When we arrived we were told by our waiter that "we don't have printed menus, but tell me what types of things you like and I'll customize the menu for you".   Odd...  This should have raised a red flag right there.  "Well, obviously we'd like some sushi.  That's why we're here.""Any non-sushi eaters?"A couple of guys raise their hands..."Yeah, bring out a chicken dish or something else non-seafood.""Okay, I'll get you guys started."The waiter started bringing out food one platter at a time.  Lobster Tail salad...  Kobe Beef Carpacio (something like that)...  Some kind of tasty dumplings...  3 complete fillet mignon dinners...  and after a break...  2 HUGE platters of sushi!!   When all was said and done, we had been brought enough food for probably 10-12 very hungry people!  Our "customized" menu for 6 people consisted of 5 large platters of food PLUS 3 complete steak dinners.When we questioned our waiter, his response was "Well that's what you said you wanted."  We certainly did NOT want enough food for 12 people.  By the time the sushi came out, we were all stuffed... and this was a group of 6 guys that can really eat.  Of course, we were charged for all of this excessive food that ended up going to waste.  The bill was $1200...  $200 bucks a head.  I don't think I would have had a problem paying $200 for dinner, it was the fact that I had to pay for all this extra food that was unnecessary that bothered me.To add insult to injury, as we were leaving the restaurant, a table was being seated right in front of us... all the diners had menus in hand.
4	Ok, I realize that I am in Vegas so the bill was understandable. Like my friend always says, money doesn't mean nothing over there. We spend like we're ballers and the place for ballers is Nobu. The decor was a little weird, but nice. I went there sorta late so they sat us at the sushi bar. I'm glad I did because the sushi chefs were nice and accommodating. The sushi was delicious but expensive, the raw scallop was especially good. I also got the beef dish, I forgot what it was called but it came in a sizzling plate. Now this was the bomb. The miso black cod was also the bomb.The food was cool, the sake was good, but the service wasn't all that great. The sushi chefs were great, but the waiter seemed to be serving the more baller lookin folks and ignoring us. Took us awhile just to get water and even longer to get our sake. For the price we paid , it was almost unacceptable. But since we ordered most of our food from the sushi chefs, i cant complain......
5	I've been here 3 times, and I can't complain. It doesn't hurt, that your friend is a Sous here. Seriously, it doesn't hurt.Every time I come here, I don't even get to order. The only thing I hear is, "this is such n such. It's a such n such sauce...etc etc". It's great! As far as the food goes, everything I've had was pretty spectacular. Even the Kobe pot stickers, made from scraps of Kobe, are DELICIOUS!The wait staff is super doting, friendly, and prompt. I can't say how great the service here is, but it is high-regarded-establishment.I'd recommend this place to anyone, that wants great Japanese cuisine!  The only thing I dare not say, is the seafood is "fresh". I mean, you're in Vegas.
4	I prefer eating sushi in a location where I can hear myself think, actually see my food, and talk to my fellow dining companions without having to yell.  Nobu doesn't allow for any of that, it is like eating at a disco.That said, the food is INCREDIBLE, even though you miss out on the presentation since the lights are so low.  The black cod soaked in miso was unbelievablly buttery tasting...I also had some of their meat skewers which were excellent as well.
5	I was shocked to get a same day appointment at Nobu and after I was done, I thanked my lucky stars I did.  The place was smaller than I expected but I found the ambiance very warm and the decor interesting.I started with the tempura tuna which was like velvet in my mouth.  Smooth doesn't even begin to describe it.  Little did I know that I would forget all about that when I tasted the cod.  Everyone here raves about it - for good reason.  It is simply one of the most delicious dishes I have ever had.  My sister and took turns trying to con each other out of it...only a fish this delicious could spark chopstick violence between two loving siblings.The creamy spicy crab was actually both creamy and spicy...and well spicy at that.  If you are used to things being under-spiced, then you would be pleased with this dish.  Tasty but not dangerous.Not much else to add here - it is 10x better than can be described.  If you are in Vegas, check it out for sure.
2	Maybe expectation is too high on the name 'Nobu'.The black cod with miso was just okay - nothing special really.The sushi is good. Nothing really 'wow' me.. We had Tapan's dinner too... again.. it was so-so. The bill came to 170 for the 2 of us. Oh.. talked about the atmosphere. It's noisy and not well decorated at all =(
3	Walked in on a Thursday night and we were seated at the sushi bar rather promptly. Had big expectations( when that happens I am usually disappointed) and ended up with a fun, yet not ethereal experience. To start sake selections are good and their house pour is pretty tasty too. Wait service was  a bit relaxed in the sushi bar vicinity and I wish they were a bit more opinionated in terms of what to order. We passed on the omakase and moved from there. I don't remember everything we had to order which tells me this wasn't (a)a four star experience plus(b) I wasn't drunk. The only things that stood out to me where the miso cod, which was very good and the jalapeno hamachi dish which had good balance. I thought the menu overall would be a bit more innovative; in the end it seemed standard. Curious if his namesake restaurant Matsuhisha in LA pushes the envelope more? Restaurants such as Kiss in SF are a lot more fun for the sushi experience.
4	Let me start by saying the food here is exceptional!  We had most of the restaurant's favorites and recommendations.  Some stand out dish were the black cod miso which was heavenly and my favorite was the toro sashimi - TO DIE FOR!!!  The service was good.  But the vibe at the restaurant was a little strange.  Felt a little bit too night club like, especially with the volume of the music.  I couldn't even hear our waitress at times.  But overall, a great place and I'd definitely come back!
4	i read all the reviews in our room (at the hard rock, no less) before deciding to eat here for dinner with my sister. i was curious to try out the black cod that a lot of people were raving about. started off with salmon nigiri (salmon was buttery and excellent) and pomegranate martinis (too weak; tasted more like koolaid). we shared the black cod with miso and the baked creamy crab. the cod was rich and buttery but the sauce was just a tad too sweet so i had to scrape it off the skin. if we had rice, i wouldn't mind at all. the crab was delicious and there was huge meaty chunks of it. however, the creamy baked sauce was a little on the salty side--again, a bowl of rice would've fixed that problem. the service was alright and the decor was fab.
3	It's always been a ritual to come here when ever my friends and I are in Vegas. However I think some dishes are not as great as they used to be...The Creamy Spicy Crab for example was VERY salty and the Uni was just ok. The strong dishes this time around were the Washu Beef, Jalapeo Yellowtail and the Black Cod Miso.
2	I've heard various friends praise Los Angeles's Nobu over the years, so after my girlfriend ran the Las Vegas Marathon this weekend, we decided to celebrate with some first-class sushi.We had reservations at 9:00 PM, and we were seated promptly (actually ahead of time, which was nice). My first impression of the restaurant was that it was extremely loud (we were there on a Tuesday night), and its location in the Hard Rock Hotel made me groan (it's a bit out of the way, and not necessarily a place I want to poke around).Our waiter, Justin, was initially very prompt with our drink orders, but it took 10 minutes (and a reminder) to get glasses of water, and another 10 to get miso soup.Our first course was only half right (we got two dishes, but one was not what we ordered). The servers apologized and took it away. At the rate they were bringing out our food, though, we shuddered to think how long it would take them to bring out the correct dish. Fortunately, it was corrected quickly.When our sushi came out, we noticed another mistake: the spicy scallops had been mistakenly replaced with a second order of spicy tuna. Again, we told them it was wrong and again, they corrected the mistake rather quickly.Service got to be so bad that after asking a server to hail our waiter (and subsequently having the request ignored), we decided to get the manager over to our table. We were 30 seconds from getting up and leaving (she took another 5 minutes to get to the table) when she came over and heard our story. She seemed as interested in our plight as any manager should and agreed to comp some of our dishes, which was nice.Still, however, Justin's service through the entire night was abysmal (I think we saw him 3 times over an hour and a half), and no amount of manager treatment could save the tip.Regarding the food, it was OK. The miso soup was great. The spicy tuna and scallop rolls were anything but (very mild), and the hot/cold mixture of the tuna tempura rolls was a little strange. It was good, but the temperature difference was one of those things that made me wonder, "Is this supposed to be this way and I'm an idiot for thinking this, or is something actually wrong with how it was made?" Judging by the fact that the tuna tempura rolls were one of the dishes they got wrong initially, it could have been that they rushed the order and made it worse. Either way, I wasn't really in love with it.For the price I [would have] paid, I can't say that the Las Vegas Nobu is really worth it for me again. I've had much better sushi in Oakland, for much less.
5	If we overlook the fact that the restaurant wrote down our reservation for 10 for the wrong night, my group's dining experience here was exceptional and we were pleased that they were still able to seat us despite this error. The service was incredibly fast (3 people from our group were late and we completely finished our meal by the time they arrived,) and the food was fabulous. The flavors were crisp, unique, and every bite of food was like an explosion in my mouth. Since we shared all the dishes we ordered, that pretty much means that we only got one bite so we savored it for all that it was worth. Damn you Nobu for being so expensive! Otherwise I would have ordered 2 of everything!A couple of dishes I would recommend trying are:-yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno-toro tartar with caviar-black cod with miso-rock shrimp tempura-new zealand mussels with the garlic sauce***The MUST try dish is the FISH/LOBSTER TACOS!!!***They are not on the menu here, but you can special order them and they are AWESOME. I have pictures to prove it.
4	We decided to try this place while in Vegas as I knew the NOBU in New York is the real deal. First of all, it was in a weird location inside the Hard Rock, hard to find at first. We were dressed up a bit for a nice dinner and were getting some stares as everyone in the lobby was super casual. We walked past the slot machines, drunk frat boy almost falling over us, and there, we finally found it. Decor was quite dated and not so impressive for its name. We had wine and sake flights and way too much of it before food but the sashimi is the thing to get here. It's not raw, seared lightly with some delicious sauce. Sushi was very fresh as well. Our waiter was very funny and knowledgeable. Overall, even though it was quite expensive, it was doable according to the Vegas standard and I would return here again so that I can say, " Can I have 10 plates of sashimi only please!"
5	Amazing!!! Were the first words I thought of when I was dining and leaving this restaurant.  My best friend recommended this restaurant as we were planning our Vegas trip.  I didn't think much about this place when he brought it up, my expectations were pretty much non-existent.  Once we got to the restaurant, it was top notch from start to finish.  We ordered quite a bit of different dishes and it was delicious down to the last bite.  Our waiter was quite helpful with our decision making and recommendations.  First dish on our table was the Fresh Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno.  This dish is awesome!  The flavoring along with the fresh Yellowtail easily makes this my favorite dish at this restaurant.  We also had the Monkfish Pate, Sashimi Salad, Black Cod with Miso, Broiled Yellowtail Collar; Creamy Spicy Crab, Rock Shrimp Tempura with Ponzu and Creamy Spicy Sauce.  All around delicious dishes with great visual presentation.  Their Lychee Martini is also worth a mention, a tasty treat.  I highly recommend this restaurant for those who haven't tried it yet.  This is easily one of my top 10 restaurants.  Just a wonderful experience from beginning to finish!
4	Service is not great, but the food keeps me coming back.  Splurge and get the chef's tasting menu.Cool sleek decor.
5	Have faith.That's all I can say about this place.  Have faith, and trust, that they will KNOCK YOUR SOCKS OFF!!Everything was smooth and heaven, even if the portions aren't that big.  Don't worry, the flavors will satisfy you.  Every bite was a small explosion in my mouth.  Every bite made me jizz a little bit in my pants.....and it's only 8 at night!!Things you have to try:-yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno-toro tartar with caviar-black cod with miso-rock shrimp tempuraandFISH/LOBSTER TACOS!!!If you don't see it on the menu, just ask for it.Trust me, Just Do It!
2	The wife and I have eaten at lots of sushi restaurants, including Morimoto in NYC, and we had high expectations for this place. The service was good to great, but you would expect that from a restaurant of this price, but what's the deal with all the caucasian waiters who can't even pronounce omakase?! (For the record, it's oh-ma-ka-say, not oma-case)The atmosphere was pretty lacking. It was dark, loud, and looked almost like someone sort of gave up on the decoration. It was just so-so nice and didn't really give off any particular vibe. And I've never been to any kind of restaurant other than a hole-in-the-wall where they give you the bill on a freaking round white plate. Then after you give them a credit card, they bring back the receipt and a pen. Yes, just the receipt and a pen. No plate, no folio, nothing. They just put the receipt on the tabel with the pen. Does that scream 4-star restaurant to you?When trying out new sushi restaurants, we always like to order some of the basics, to get a foundation to compare against other places. We ordered the sushi and sashimi plates. Both had decent to very good fish (but not *great*) except for two big disappointments: the tuna was really mediocre, and hello! take it easy on the wasabi, chef! Sushi chefs that use too much wasabi are either trying to cover up not-so-fresh fish, or they're just not really good at making sushi. The fish seemed pretty fresh, so I don't think they were trying to cover anything up, which leaves......Maybe we should've had lower expectations when we came in, or maybe Nobu is only good with the fancier dishes. But for the prices they charge for "regular" sushi and sashimi, it's just not worth it.The service gets a 4. The decor/vibe gets a 2.5, and if the prices were maybe 30-40% lower, I could easily have given them 3 or maybe even 4 stars. But for what you get, I'd give them a 2.5. But since yelp doesn't let you give half stars, I'd round off this overpriced place to a 2.
4	Oh Nobu, but the question is, go Nobu Vegas style?I hear that this Nobu is nothing quite like the other Nobus and this is the first Nobu I've tried. The fish is great, no doubt about that. The nigiri definitely has an elegant touch added which is quite graceful for sushi.But I didn't like the feel of this place. Then again, this was Vegas so what do you expect? The people weren't mean like some have mentioned (maybe if you come in flipflops and mom jeans that might be the case but no one dresses like that in Vegas) but I just wasn't diggin the vibe all the much.Nonetheless, the fish still stands as superior to most places, no doubt about that.
5	keep it coming. every dish was unique and divine. the ambiance was just right to highlight the food.  i actually felt like i had escaped  las vegas. service was top notch. sake was smooth and the bamboo reed it was served in was rad.  i want one.  i would go back any time and can't wait to try the malibu location.  you're money will be well spent here.
5	The rock shrimp in spicy sauce are to die for.
4	So many reviews on this place already, but I'm contributing because a few of the dishes our group sampled were truly outstanding.  Things you have to try:-yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno-Sea bass on bok choy (cooked)-Kobe beef w/mushrooms (cooked)-vanilla sake with dessertAtmosphere: I likes the vibe, but it is pretty loud.   We had a client dinner for 8 at a round table and couldn't hear the people on the other side of the table.  Also, they sat us by the kitchen and when asked if we could move, they were unable to accommodate us, so minus one star.The servers are 99% male, several of them very handsome, which is a bonus if you're a straight woman or gay man looking for some eye candy to accompany your meal.  Service was courteous and attentive.
5	For the love of God (if such a thing existed): Eat. Here.Don't go here for just sushi or tempura, which are all excellent. Go here for the chef's creations.A meal here at least once a year is in my prenuptial.If you cannot afford to eat here, seriously consider a loan. Seriously.
5	If you like Sake, get the exclusive house Sake.I repeat, If you like Sake, get the exclusive house Sake.Great service, we entrusted the waiter to bring the best stuff and OH BOYYY did he ever.Me + 3 people, bill was $400.  The Sake was $125 of that though, and we were full and sooo happy.  If you are gunna splurge in Vegas, on Sushi, and you love Sake, you will not regret splurging here.  I'll definately be back.
5	Sometimes when I have really good sushi I forget what REALLY TRULY ABSOLUTELY THE MOST AMAZINGLY FREAKEN  PHENOMENAL sushi tastes like. Then, I go to Nobu and get schooled on the magic of their fish. It took me many years to actually try sushi and though my mom may disown me for actually saying this but I might actually consider this for my last meal on earth over her chicken mole. That's saying a lot coming from a beaner like me.Damn, my mouth waters and my palms sweat just thinking about the yellowtaill sashimi with jalapeno and the rock shrimp in the spicy sauce. These withdrawls are worse that crack...
4	Nobu is my favorite Japanese restaurant.  Ever.  So far I've been to three- this one, Nobu Malibu and Nobu 57 in NY.  Out of the three, I'd have to say NY was the best and this one the least-best.  I say "least best" because "worst" and Nobu don't belong in the same sentence together.  You cant go wrong with Nobu- but I did have a few gripes about my most recent experience here a couple days ago.So, of course of course you have to get the Miso Cod, obvie...not going to spend time describing how fabulous that dish is. In addition to the cod, I also ordered the lychee martini, the miso eggplant, the hearts of palm salad with "jalapeno" dressing and a miso soup.  If you've read my Nobu 57 review, you can see that the lychee martini I had was perfect (which is why I had 3), so understandably I was excited to have it again.  However, the one I received at Nobu Vegas was waaaaay to strong, and I had to request additional lychee juice to balance out the rubbing alcohol taste.  My other major gripe was the hearts of palm salad.  I specifically went out of my way to ask the server if this salad was the same hearts of palm salad with jalapeno dressing they serve at Nobu 57, and he assured me it was.  WRONG.  That salad that came out was repulsive- and pretty offensive because of the over-the-top garlic used.  It tasted nothing like the marvelous h.o.p. salad at Nobu 57.  And, they should call it "blast of garlic dressing" because after one bite I swear I smelled wretchedly of garlic for the rest of the night- and it wasn't spicy from the jalapeno at all.  Oh, and not to mention the fact that it was TWENTY DOLLARS.  Um, yea...skip that one.  The miso eggplant was good- not remarkable, but we did eat every last bit of it.So, even with my complaints I still believe its a 4-star worthy establishment because every one of my previous experiences here have been amazing.  Maybe not as good as Nobu 57, but still the best Japanese restaraunt in Vegas, definitely.
4	3 words Miso Marinated Cod!OK so we decided to go to Las Vegas on my friends birthday during his quater life crisis (there is such a thing).  This was the first restaurant we chose to dine at.First off it's at the Hard Rock Hotel.  I don't like this place one bit.  It's over rated and think Nobu doesn't fit in this environment of tacky rock n roll memoriabilia minus Nirvana.  OK we go in and get drinks first at the bar.  Salty Dogs are great and they make it damn good at Nobu. We get seated 20 minutes later even with reservations, this place gets busy.  Our server comes and asks us what we would like to order.  We pretty much had the chef's tasting menu and we're glad we did.First course- Spicy Tuna and I think Dragon Roll- it was good, but come on I can getthose rolls anywhere, give me something interesting!Second course- Tempura Rock Shrimp with Spicy Aioli and Tempura Vegetables with Soy Glaze.  Very good and for how simple it looked the sauces made it very complex. Third Course- Yellowtail with Jalepeno and Citrus Ponzu- AMAZING!  So damn good I would have eaten just that and be satisfied.  Pepper Seared Rare Ahi with Chili Vinegar Sauce- Again give me a plate of this and I would die a happy man.Fourth Course- Miso Marinated Cod- This is by far the best seafood dish I have ever tried.  The fish was so tender, and the skin was crisp and flavorful!  Simply heaven. Fifth Course- Trio of SorbetsI must say the food was great minus the first course!  Spicy Tuna and Dragon Roll at a high end Japanese Restaurant?  I don't know for a tab of $400.00 for 4 people I think that Spicy Tuna is not needed!
5	The food was creative and very high quality. It was executed and presented beautifully. The service was very precise. Overall a tremendous experience.I enjoyed the subtle yet poignant latin influence. It can be a bit pricey, but I believe it's one of the top restaurants in Vegas.
4	mmmmmmsashimi: i agree with most of the other reviewers about the sound level but luckily we were seated at a table for two next to the bamboo room divider. the level of service from our waiter was impeccable. he was helpful, engaging, and honest about the pros and cons of the menu. we shared a large bottle of nigori sake and edamame - which was seasoned with this light and feathery-textured sea salt. yum. i was disappointed that they did not have spanish mackerel that night but i consoled myself with the sashimi dinner plate. the salmon was simply mouthwatering and the tuna was perfect as was the yellowtail, red snapper, ebi, white fish, mackerel, and squid. david ordered the spicy tuna and tempura shrimp rolls and an order of unagi. for dessert i had the banana "toban yaki" that had sliced bananas and strawberries simmering in calvados.
5	So my co-worker & I thought we were invited to a company dinner at AJs Steakhouse but were discretely booted from the party since there were too many accounts to entertain.  My co-worker, we'll call her Shirley, put her betting face on and said to herself, "Ok, we'll see your AJs and raise you a Nobu" and off we went to plan B.We arrived at Nobu during a bustling dinner hour but were promptly seated at a table sans reservations, btw, Shirley was looking hot as was our server whom we advised to surprise us with the sushi and to keep it coming.  I can't even tell you what we had since a lot of it wasn't on the menu, but most of it revolved around a spicy tuna or halibut creation of some sort since we told him that that was what we really liked fish-wise.  And the dishes we got were divinely yummy!  Now I don't know if Vegas is a good place to judge attention of service when you're dressed for the town in heels that can double as a weapon, but I've always had exceptional service at the 2 Nobus I've been to (try the Nobu at the Intercontinental Hotel in Hong Kong if you get the chance) and the sushi & sashimi has always been creatively presented and fresh.Now the story ends with Shirley and I winning our heady bet by our check averages per person, but it was worth every shot of sake for the trouble we got it in back at the office ; )
5	All-around delicious. Very popular and bustling. Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno, delicious. Rock shrimp tempura with spicy sauce, delicious!
3	I'm only giving Nobu Vegas 3 stars, but part of this could be my fault.  In restrospect, I should not have ordered the Omakase Sushi as my dinner there.  Since Nobu is known for his innovative hot and cold dishes, I wish I had ordered a bunch of those instead.  One thing I did get to try was the Sea Urchin Tempura, which was very unique and tasty.However, they really could've made the Omakase Sushi more interesting and worth the hefty price.  The sushi was fresh and all, but not very innovative or interesting at all.  It was just simple, no-frills negiri sushi.  I've had some fantastic and creative omakase sushi at more humble Japanese restaurants, so I thought Nobu could've done the same.Perhaps I'll try one of Nobu's LA restaurants sometime.
4	I wish I wasn't both hungover and tired to enjoy the meal more because the experience, the setting and the food was excellent. Initially, I was a little skeptical of Nobu because it is part of a chain of restaurants. Being a little hungover, a friend and I decided to go since it was within our hotel, the Hard Rock. Despite the restaurant sits in the middle of the desert, the seafood is quite fresh.The few things that we did try were really good. However, I didn't order away and try as many things as I have wanted to. I had my basic sushi which were hamachi, ikura, and unagi nigiri. Then I had my spicy hotate handroll. I was a little full after that but my friend and I ordered two warm dishes. The calamari pasta should not be missed but the yellowtail collar was slightly overcooked. I wish I had room for their specialty which is the black cod in miso but the calling of my hotel bed and urges of sleep were way too strong for me to resist.
5	THE best sushi I've ever had!The decor is fabulous, as well as the clientele and the staff.Great food!
3	This is a difficult review for me to write - I have regarded Nobu Matsuhisa as one of the most innovative chefs in Japanese cuisine. Maybe time is passing by and his 'new style' doesn't seem so 'new' anymore? I've had sushi at the London, Dallas, and NYC locations of Nobu in the past, as well as the excellent original Matsuhisa restaurant in LA. My visit to Nobu in Las Vegas did not seem to compare with the others. It was great sushi, to be sure - fresh, quality cuts of fish with well-prepared 'cooked' dishes. The service during my visit was pretty indifferent (we sat at the sushi bar) and the chef we sat in front of only seemed to be going through the paces of preparing food at a restaurant that would be packed with hipsters regardless of the quality or preparation of the food. Perhaps the global expansion of Nobu has dulled this place - haven't seen a change on a Nobu menu in years. Sad.Anyway, enough hatin'. I had a great creamy spicy crab (excellent dish), lots of sushi - uni, konpachi, unagi, chyu-toro, kani - a portion of Nobu's house sake (love the bamboo flasks there), tempura, and the exellent miso-marinated black cod. It was all good. But I'm not sure I'll seek out the LV branch of Nobu in the future (it was located in our hotel in Vegas). Given Nobu's prices with its growing 'chain' atmosphere and innovativeness of other places (Morimoto, Tyson Cole's Uchi), I can only give Nobu-LV 3 stars.
5	Unfrigginbelievable!!  I went last Saturday for a friends bachelor party and it was just an amazing experience of food.  There were 12 of us and after looking at the menu for 2 min, we just said f-it and just asked the waiter to bring the best stuff out.  Went down like this...2 huge plates of yellowtail jalapeno and tuna tatakiking crab ceviche which was incrediblekobe beef served sizzling on hot stones which I would've just preferred rare but still excellent medium rareblack cod miso filet (wait...things are still getting better??)huge plate of sushi to top it all offTasted even better comped :)I cannot wait to go back here!!
3	Hmmm, good fish, good food...but at what cost? I went here with my cousin and we had a nice meal with the obligatory beers and sake. We each dropped $150, and I left hungry. Can I get a "Fuck You?" It's understandable but annoying as a local when a gourmet chain restaurant charges way more in Las Vegas than in other cities.Didn't eat any sushi rolls, instead got some non-roll items like Tataki where they basically cut up some fish, splay it out in a circle on a plate all fancy, add a smattering of scallions, drizzle some ponzu-type sauce atop, and charge you $25. I guess it's worth it once in a while, but NOT the kobe beef dish. We'd been told the kobe beef was phenom, so we ordered reluctantly after seeing the price: $20/ounce, 4-ounce minimum. $80 for a SMALL beef dish? Yikes! Maybe it wouldn't have hurt so much if the beef was good (great would've helped), but nope -- the beef was just some regular-assed beef, not particularly tender or flavorful. I kinda wish I'd used the $80 for something worthwhile, like a Tarot reading. At least I would've seen the future, bitches!
3	This Nobu is sadly too small and cramped to be really enjoyable when compared to the others I've been to in LA and NY.  The food here resembles Nobu's dishes but it lacks the attention I'm used to seeing.  I think what's to blame is the large amount of business this location gets which takes away from the quality of the dishes.  It's disappointing b/c I think the Hard Rock Hotel itself is one of the better casino venues in LV (music, ppl, energy, etc.) and I like going there to hang out.  If you go, order the yellowtail carpaccio as that's always a pleaser as well as the miso black cod.  Enough sake and beer and you might not care about the rest of what I said.  haha.  Vegas!
2	I'm not sure what all the hype's about...Nobu has mediocre food and totally over-rated. I thought the food was ok - nothing to write home about...The omakase was totally not worth the $150 per person. So if you want to be seen but don't mind the mediocre food then this is the place for you!
3	A hot chick with ULTRA BAD BREATH and dandruff. That's how disappointed I felt after eating here. After having Nobu in New York and Hong Kong, I was really hoping to get lost in some Epicurean sashimi trip......... but no. The food was about as appreciated as cruddy bellybutton cheese on a model's stomach. The rolls were blah average, the dynamite mayo was either old or bottom-shelf, making it taste like something even the Dutch wouldn't want, and the even the simplest Unagi was about as tasty as conveyor belt sushi. I'll give props to the service, as the waitstaff and host were great, but man.... for that kind of price, I'd have expected something more....... Maybe they're just too "famous" to care at this location. TOMMY BURGER PLEASE!!!!
2	I've never been to the Nobu in NYC. I've heard that it blows Vegas away. However, we went on a Friday and dropped serious coin on average sushi. The fish seemed fresh. The sushi rice was dry. The apps were average. To bright inside to fit a 'hip' feel. Never again.
2	I've been to 5 or so different Nobu restaurants (Vegas, LA, NY), and this one was definitely the worst. I was extremely disappointed by the quality of the food. Everything else was good (atmosphere, waiters, etc.), but the food just lacked taste. Save yourself and go to that sushi place in the Wynn.
4	I've been to Nobu in the Bahamas and Miami. I honestly thought it was nearly comparable to the one in Miami with one exception...Black Miso Cod.. LOVED this in Miami, however it tasted slightly fishy in Vegas. I think if this was the first Miso Cod I had ever tasted, I would have enjoyed it.... but it couldn't live up to it's Miami counterpart! My bf commented the filet seemed to be cut different and not as well.. perhaps if I order it again, it will impress next time. Seared Foie Gras special... although this place is a sushi place, this was the best thing we tasted! Seared foie gras in a strawberry sauce.. shot of sake infused with raspberries and a side oftuna poke.. MMMMM. They had some dumb thing you're supposed to do where you eat some tuna, take a shot, then eat the foie gras.. this actually worked! The flavors blended beautifully. Negi-toro .. As usual, this roll was incredible. Not fishy at all and very light tasting. Kampachi.. incredible! One of the top 10 pieces of fish I've tasted. Again, NOT FISHY, this is key.. smooth, buttery, amazing. PS- Service was great.. far better than service I had in Miami. The -1 star is for the disappointing Miso Cod.
4	Yum. The best tempura(so light and crispy) ever and great desserts. Yeah, it's pricey and the seats could be more comfortable, but I still loved it.
4	must orders:(*) yellowtail with jalapeno(*) miso glazed black cod lettuce wraps(*) rock shrimp tempura with 3 different kinds of sauces
4	Nobu.Well, what can I say?  I've wanted to go to Nobu for a really, really long time.  Being in Vegas for the weekend, I decided this would be the time to do it. We started with an assortment of sashimi.  Tuna, Mackerel (which was completely delicious) and a couple others .... my brain stopped operating clearly after the mackerel.  Then a large platter of raw Chilean sea bass with enoki and baby bok choy.  A warm ginger infused mushroom broth was ladled over the fish table side which cooked the melt-in-your mouth, luscious bass ever so gently.  MMMMMMM.Next came tempura King Crab legs with an accompanying  broth (which had sensational body) poured over the tempura right before eating.  It was amazing.  My husbands eyes rolled back into his head- I thought that he was having a seizure.  Then came the spicy tuna roll and eel and cucumber roll.  Both good.  But the item that stole the show had to be the uni.  And I mean in a bad way.  So I've never had uni.  I know that is super lame.  But I've been waiting until I was at a really good establishment because I wanted to be sure that I was getting the best uni prepared by competent hands.   My fantasy of being super cool vanished in a swift goopy instant.     EEEEEEWWWW.So it came pureed and then wrapped and tempura 'd.  Wow.  Well, having always prized myself on being somewhat of an adventurous eater I dove in head first, offering myself as the guinea pig.  Big mistake!  I take a bite.  The exterior is nice and crisp.  Within an instant my mouth was flooded with velvety toxic sea puke, orange ooze dripping on my plate below.  Maintaining composure was very difficult- however, this practice will come in handy once the check comes.-Abalone wasn't much more pleasant- similar flavor with the texture of chewing on somebody's ear.Thank god a clever distraction appeared soon thereafter the "uni incident".  Super thin slices of beautifully marbled raw Kobe beef on a large platter with six super hot rocks and an assortment of condiments and seasoning.  So we got to cook our own slices of Kobe using our chopsticks as our instruments on the hot rocks.  Can we say FUN?  I've always wanted to do that.Dessert sounded cool on the menu but in actuality it didn't taste too hot.  I did like the Shiso sorbet though.The reason why I have given Nobu 4 stars instead of 5 is because the fact that I had to go to the skanky, garish, soulless, death trap that is Vegas in order to dine there and because of the price.  Even as I am writing this I cannot believe what I am about to say.  I am accustomed to spending 250$ or so on a nice dinner .  In this instance I was prepared to pay around 500-550$.  But for a party of four, with no alcohol bill to speak of and 2 people confessing that they were still hungry upon our exiting, the bill came to 700 big ones.  Ouch!  Gees- I have to confess feeling mildly nauseas directly afterward.  Am I just a cheap ol' broad?  Or have I gone and acquired some sort of conscience or something?  Something just felt really wrong about that.    I just feel like it was self indulgent and empty.  But, then again, I guess that pretty much sums up Vegas.
5	Hamachi, jalapeno and cilantro sashimi... with special soy sauce. OMG.The staff... sorta snippy. The price - astronomical.
5	The lobster tacos were probably the most whimsical, brilliant, west coast culinary delight that I've ever tasted.  Sounds simple, but I dare any high end Mexican eatery to execute as well as the chefs at Nobu.The Salmon tartare with caviar was different than anything I've ever put in my mouth.  Top 5 meals of my life.
5	I spent $1000 for six people.  I took clients here when i was in town for business, and one of my clients wanted to go.   I wanted to hate it, being so trendy and all, but the fact is...I loved it!My partners wife knew one of the chefs cousin who works in Los Angeles,  and he came out to greet the table.  He asked what we were looking for and we told him...just give us your best "Omakase" style meal.  I don't know if the fact that we knew his cousin influenced the food or not but the whole experience was awesome.  Just a few of the memorable items were:1. Shishito peppers, fried and delicious- I had never even heard of these before...where have I been.2. a plethora of Sashimi plates with various spices and sauces, especially the red snapper.3. Kobe beef on hot rocks, beef is served raw on sizzling rocks and you cook it yourself at your table.When I go for sushi, I usually go alone or with one other person.  I sit at the bar and make sure the chef serves me what he recommends.  I don't want sauces,  I want perfect fish.  Normally I don't go for this fusion stuff.  I have to say the fish was great and the fusion was a nice change of pace.  I do live near Malibu, and I have never been to the Malibu Nobu.  Maybe I will give it a try.  It was definitely  a fun and tasty night!
5	Hands down the best sushi I've ever had.  The other items are amazing too - kobe beef melts in your mouth.  Honestly one of the best meals in my entire life.  The ambiance is spectacular too, and the service is impeccable.  The waitstaff are friendly and full of good recommendations.  And it's at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Stick around and you might see Tommy Lee (I did).  ;)
5	When I'm in Vegas and want Sushi, I come here. The Sushi is exceptional, I usually get the Toro, it melts in my mouth. I down it with a Sapporo. If I'm with a small group I like to sit at the bar and ask the Sushi chef what he recommends. Never have had bad food here, it never disappoints. The staff is nice & friendly. Bonus is, it's at the Hard Rock Hotel, so when I stay here I don't have to go far.
3	Obviously, the sushi is good, but the atmosphere is blah.  You can get great sushi at many other places that are less expensive and with better vibes.  Here, you're paying for the name.
5	I put the sushi here right up there with Uchi in Austin,TX.  The vibe is great, if not a bit loud for a sushi joint.  But the food is incredible.  Incredible is probably too bland a word to describe all of the dishes we had there.  Our waiter was attentive, even helping out the single guys at the table peruse the sushi bar for other eligible singles.I give five stars because I wasn't paying and didn't see the bill.  I can only imagine what that may have done to my review.
4	Food and venue were very good. Only to be surpassed by service. Related- to restaurants (out of 5 possible stars)Venue- 4Service- 5Food factor- 5Overall exp- 4.75 Stars  Drawbacks- A little expensive but everything for the most part was very nice. If I had to be super critical the ambiance could have been a little nicer for the cost.
4	I thought Nobu was great. Sure, it isn't the new hot spot anymore, but the decor was nice and the food was excellent. I was happily surprised that the noise level inside the restaurant was kept to a minimum given the chaos outside the doors in the Hard Rock. i particularly loved the Miso Cod and the little shrimp things, I forget what they were called. On, and there was some tuna tartar (although they refused to call it tuna tartar) on spicy lotus chips that was excellent. We tried to go 3 years ago but our flight from SF was delayed, so it was a real treat to be able to go back (thanks Virgin America for getting us there on time).
5	This is the second time I've been to Nobu in Vegas and once again I was pleasantly surprised. It started with our waiter, very friendly and helpful. He even asked what budget we had and offered to choose our entrees for us. I only had 2 must haves: The Halibut sashimi with jalapeno slivers on each slice.. yummers! I also love the tiny tacos (no idea what is in them but they are scrumptious). Everything else was great from the kabobs to sushi rolls.Another thing I enjoy about this place is the list of beverages. We only had cocktails but they have several sake cocktails that are oh so tasty.The menu can be overwhelming so I suggest you ask your server what he/she recommends so you get to taste the best of the best Nobu has to offer.Atmosphere is very Vegas, dark and loud. Don't be surprised if you get hit on!!
5	Nobu completely lived up to all of the hype! I had low expectations, but I left completely delighted!  I went with a large group and we all ended up being completely blown away.  I had the Shitake Salad, Blackened Cod, a variety of cut rolls, and an assortment of Mochi for dessert.I would say that their rolls aren't anything to write home about, but all of the hot and cold dishes were phenomenal!
2	You know, Nobu is good. Nobu is good in Malibu, but Vegas being the copycat of LA seems to dress down all of the cities great places and ruin their names.The fish was "eh" "Ok"..... not super fresh as the Malibu location and also served with the "I'm pretending this is LA, attitude".Get it right Vegas, if your planning on copying an icon at least make sure you can back it up with flavor, freshness and quality.
4	Dear lord, if you go here you must eat the black cod. Heavenly, as least for us.Being in Vegas it seems to be overpriced though.
5	Super expensive but holy cow that's some delicious fish.
4	Fun experience! No privacy...: When we were seated I was disappointed that we were elbow to elbow with other couples on either side- no chance of a romantic dinner (or a private conversation for that matter). At one point the couple next to us leaned over to discuss one of our selections! The place is small and somewhat crowded. Although I frequent Japanese and Sushi restaurants this menu contained many things I had never had before. Most of the items are appetizer sized and quite pricey, considering the size (~$14-25). We chose items off the hot, cold and sushi sections. The yellowtail tartar was great, the lobster ceviche was not so. The tempura rock shrimp were excellent, just a bunch of fried shrimp on a plate (popcorn-shrimp size). We tried the house special (a rainbow roll) and Eel sushi. Both were good, but not my favorite rolls I'd ever had-actually kind of plain. For dessert the bento box, essentially a souffl
5	We got the the top level Omakase ($150/person Chef's Choice) and I will never forget it. It was the best dining experience I've ever had. First of all the waiter was very helpful, attentive, and delightful through all 10 or so dishes - they're happy to explain what everything is. The portions are small, so it's enough food that you can still eat it all. They will alter your dishes to your dietary needs (example: I can't eat shrimp - not a problem). It was extremely fun to see what dish was coming next from an assortment of cold, hot, sushi, and desserts. My favorites were the Nobu ale, the black snapper (yes black, not red), the Japanese mountain peach fruit, the green tea fudge, and the foie gras that just melts in your mouth.
3	ambience = simpler then expected especially all the hypeservice = impressive timing with amout of food orderfood = Peurivan spin on Japanese food, i'm not really familiar with Peurivan food but didn't feel it was worth the attention.  Definitely wasn't bad, just not greatprice = $$$$$crowd = ranges from couples, mature gathering, as well as gentleman with fee for service friendspersonal favorite = black cod, and scallopworst thing = quanitiymeal for two = $250
4	I give it a 4 because it is awesome. to be a 5 star in my book you need to bring it like no other. nobu reminds me of a place in sausalito, ca called Sushi Ran. The food is a sushi background with a french culinary flare. Again , the actual standard rolls are good but nothing special. if you really want to benefit from going to a place like this you need to order the special items on the menu and stay away from your typical rolls. so the food is amazing and the service matches. I am eating here everytime I go to Vegas, that's for sure.
4	For whatever reason, my friend and I felt the need to fly 5+ hours to eat at two restaurants that have locations in NY (Nobu and Craftsteak), but whatever.  The food here was good, but I felt like the waiter was pushing us to order a ridiculous amount of food which would have been a total waste for my friend and I.  The hamachi and jalapeno appetizer was quite good and of course, I had to order the miso black cod, which was good, but not the best fish I've ever eaten (In fact, the fish my friend got was better.)  The drinks were decent.  All told, a nice meal, but pretty expensive.
5	Hands down, one of the best meals I have ever had the pleasure of eating.  I have been 3 times and all dishes are wonderfully prepared and presented.  Great staff who enjoy giving hints to newbies.  Tasty cocktails.  Be sure to wear black or you won't fit in with the hip crowd.  Do not miss the Chilean sea bass.
3	Unfortunately, I went to Nobu Vegas with the expectation that it would be like a second Nobu - New york. I was rather disappointed. Though the food was cheap ($77 for 2 entres and a dessert). The portions were humongous, which was sort of a turn off... Waiters were not attentive but weren't ignoring us intentionally either. The food was good, very good, but not memorable and the presentation was just blah. Overall, nothing special or memorable about this experience.I might still come back here again if I'm in town because the food was good. But I wouldn't recommend bringing your date here to impress her. Other restaurants on the strip might be a better idea. I would compare this restaurant to Chili's or TGIF quality...
3	Nobu Vegas, much like other Vegas Strip satellite restaurants = meh.I can't give it 2 stars, because the food is too good for that. Not great, like a real Nobu, but good. When you factor in the cost (2 of us spent over $400), it comes nowhere near what its name would imply.DECORThe decor is trying too hard, pulling in all directions. There are individually cool elements, like the river rock wall, or the exploded hashi ceiling. But there are at least 5 different themes like this all smashed together. Complete contrast to japanese design principles of linear minimalism. Must be the Vegas factor.FOODStarted out pretty good, with a Toro-Caviar dish. Great mix of flavors and a unique sauce. Everything after that, including the sushi, was was just good. A beef tenderloin dish came out steaming hot, but with little flavor and essentially raw asparagus and enoki still clumped together on top, like it just got unwrapped from the plastic pkg. I've eaten better in strip mall Japanese (many of these are surprisingly good!). I'm not a Japanese food expert/snob, but I've lived in Japan, worked in Japanese restaurants and cook a lot of Japanese dishes at home. Then again, so do millions of Japanese people, and they're not all snobs or experts. But I know how to compare Japanese-inspired food experiences. I also realize there is a fusion element going on at Nobu, but that is done much better at places like Sea Saw in Scottsdale. Overall = disappointing.OTHER FACTORS I'M NOT COUNTING IN MY EVALUATION(but worth noting for lols)THOROur waiter was absolutely unintelligible. We nicknamed him Thor. He looked like a Norwegian model from a 1976 Playgirl. Very nice guy, but we just pretended to understand what he said. Every time he walked away, we both said: "You catch any of that??? Me neither!" No complaints on the service, just glad the menu was available to point at.BLIND DATE VEGASThe table next to us was fookin hilarious. It was the most awkward blind date I've ever witnessed, not on TV. We kept looking around for cameras, because we swore this was a setup for a show. It is a crime that this was not captured on video. This middle-aged blowhard had this girl,  who had to be 20 years younger (NTTAWWT), held captive while he ranted about his boat and his travels and his companies (plural!) that he coudln't talk about because of his work with the NSA. He'd have to kill the whole restaurant if he told us. And he WAS talking to the whole restaurant. He insisted on feeding her from his chopsticks, for every bite. He kept asking for her review of the date, during the date. EPIC DEFEAT. He let us all know that he had to ask the universe for the right person to meet. The girl seemed to politely disagree with the universe. Bless her heart. She was a trooper.Also, his chopstick skills were so good because he was "raised in Japan", but when she wanted him to speak Japanese, somehow that got by his experience of being raised there.so...Nobu, meh.Thor, enjoy Valhalla.Blind Date, see ya on the uncensored DVD.
4	Just got back from Nobu. I sat at the sushi bar and ended up a little tipsy-er than expected. Even so, here is the review:Their specialty dishes are really very good. I got both the Toro & Caviar dish and the Live Scallops. Yes. I really did pay $40 for the Toro and Caviar. Was it worth it? At least once. All of their normal sushi stuff was fresh and good, but to be honest, there are a million other sushi places that offer fresh, raw fish for a lot cheaper. So my suggestion? If you are going to go there, make sure to try at least a couple of the specialty dishes.Decor seemed fine...I was more interested in the lightning hands with uber sharp knife sushi chef. He was not only super cool to watch, but also offered some superb suggestions, even though he clearly only understood a tiny bit of english. Ultra attentive wait staff...maybe even a little too attentive, but I think that is because chairs are so close together at the sushi bar that you can't have more than 1 plate in front of you at a time. In other words, if you didn't have an ultra-attentive wait staff, you wouldn't be able to order more food.What keeps this place from 5 stars? PRICE. Wicked expensive. Like super-wicked. I know you expect to pay a bunch for good sushi, but this is pretty high. Drinks run $15, specialty items run $20-$40, and any other nigiri hangs at around $10. Though, you should be scared when you notice the no price dillio on their website.I had a great meal for sure, but I don't know if it would be worth $130 again.I went alone, and didn't feel odd at all. I'd love to say that I'd be back, but the things that could hold me back are the price tag, and the lack of proximity to the strip. That being said, if you are getting some cost assistance (biznass trip), and are staying somewhere close (say...the Alexis Park Hotel), then I'd go for sure.
5	Good service, decent atmosphere and Very very good food!!!
2	I really want to know what all the fuss is about. Seriously, can somebody fill me in? I was at Nobu recently with a couple co-workers on a business trip and we decided to splurge on the Omakase. I've said it before...if I'm spending $100/head on a meal it better be transcendent. I want to leave the table full and buzzing and humming about how awesome the food was. This meal was, frankly, lousy.Nearly everything that came out was drenched in citrus, which overpowered the fish. Isn't fish supposed to be the showpiece of a good sushi restaurant? And, honestly, that's the only real takeaway I had from this meal. Too much citrus. Everything. I'll save my Omakase dollars for Austin's Uchi. Now *that's* transcendent.
5	I walk in this place and say "PLEASE do not hand me a menu". I know it like the back of my hand.  I have been here several times over many years and cannot get enough of the "new style sashimi".  I get the white fish and salmon, delish!  Very thin sliced fish served in a warmer than room temperature sesame oil sauce sprinkled with chives. Now it's on to the yellow tail w/ jalapeno peppers.  Melt in your mouth!  Next is the popcorn shrimp, not too breaded, crunchy and that sauce...yum!  Chilean Seabass is next up- buttery, tender and the flavor is indescribable.  Black Cod w/ miso sauce- perhaps my favorite dish. It's done right!  And believe me, I make this at  home, it's hard to find a miso paste that has the right balance so not to over power the fish.  So yeah, this is an expensive place to dine but I am never disappointed.  I am not a big portion person, if you are, you'd hate it or go broke here. I love the quality, care and presentation of every dish here.  Wine list is good and cocktails are imaginative.  Service is always good here and if you don't take my word about the aforementioned menu options, the wait staff is happy to recommend and explain the dishes in great detail.
1	Totally disappointed at this place. I should've listened to my friend who went there and was really disappointed at their omakase, but noooo, I had to go and throw down two bills to prove to myself how much they sucked. The decor was nothing to write home about. I think there was an overuse of bamboo in the place, the chairs were Ikea and the tables were just weirdly laid out. First of all, I couldn't understand the cutesy English the waitress was speaking. Each time she said something, we would pause for 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 seconds, since we couldn't tell if she was asking us a question or making a statement. Then it'd be followed by, "I'm sorry, what?"We ordered chilean sea bass in the black bean sauce, the crab ceviche, and some grilled beef thing. The ceviche was overwhelmingly tangy. I think it reshaped some of my fillings in my teeth. There was a lot of it though, even though the waitress told us that they were small portions. We next had the chilean sea bass which was not good at all. Again, portion was decent, but it was bland and not even hot. Finally, the meat came and although tender, it just wasn't as flavorful as I expected.For being "Nobu," I did have high expectations. But DK and I evaluated it and said that even if this was a no-name restaurant that we just walked into, we still wouldn't have thought it was good. And by the next morning, we were telling people that it just "sucked." And I'm sticking with that. So for those of you who speak Mandarin, you know that "bu" means "don't."  So this restaurant's name is a forewarning of a the answer you'll give when asked, "So was it good?" or "Is it worth going?"No. Bu.
4	This was the first time ever I've dined with three other Yelpers so I'm curious to see where the other reviews come in. Personally, four stars is a little high but I really enjoyed three dishes and didn't dislike anything so I'll give it four, albeit unenthusiastically. (I don't think I've ever typed a longer word than "unenthusiastically").The black cod with miso was the highlight. The Kobe beef was amazing too but we all misread the menu and when that showed up at $192 I'd call it hands down the most overpriced thing I've ever eaten. The scallops topped with jalapeno were the third great dish. The sushi was fine though nothing spectacular.The ambiance is surprisingly boring, especially for Vegas. It looks the way a Japanese restaurant might if designed by the high-school drama department - all cheap bamboo reeds and sloppy wood structures. And the service, though efficient, was humorless. Any waitress who can't understand the genius in asking if there are any beef-based desserts off the menu is not winning any points with me.Still, the price minus the Kobe was totally reasonable, especially for Vegas. And the Matsuhisa martinis go a long way toward adding up to a pretty good meal.
3	I agree with Ming-Jou in the fact that I was totally disappointed at this place. I should have also listened to my friend who went there and was really disappointed at their omakase, but being Japanese, I wanted to try their food to see what the hype was about.  We had reservations at 9 PM and although we got there earlier, they didn't seat us till then.  It was shockingly a loud place that we often had to yell at each other to talk and even to order.  Also, the crowd was much older than I anticipated.  The interior had a nice Asian feel to it with bamboos everywhere, even on the ceilings.For starters, we had edamame, yellowtail tartar with caviar, and tempura.  The menu was vague that we didn't expect any sauce with the tartar, but to our surprise, it came in a sauce with wasabi that was a little spicy.  I wish the menu would have included more details.  We got to order individual tempura items, which was a "first" for me.  We ordered shrimp, broccoli, and sweet potato.  The order came with 2 pieces each.  I liked how it came out really hot with light batter.  Also, they were generous with their tempura sauce with daikon-oroshi (grated daikon).  Most places give you barely enough sauce.  For dinner, we shared the sushi dinner which came with 8 nigiri and 6 pieces of tekka maki (tuna roll).  The sushi rice tasted old as it was cold and flat, not warm and plump.  Also, the rice portion for a nigiri was much more than it needed.  Fish seemed fresh, but the rice was disappointing.  That ruined my dinner.We decided to try their dessert since we don't usually order dessert at an Asian restaurant.  We tried their miso almond cake which was the best part of my meal.  It came with soy caramel glaze and edamame ice cream.  The cake was yummier than I expected.  Overall, it was not as good as I expected but I'm giving 3 stars for the good dessert and the great service.
5	All the dishes I had which weren't rolls (kobe beef carpaccio and the Yuzuscicle desert among them) were amazing!
5	Very very good. Hard to say that it lived up to the hype, but I thought the Omakase was good value for $100. I went with my parents and they also ordered the Omakase. The waiter tempted us with the $150 Omakase containing "dishes not on the menu", but being our first time at Nobu, we went with the cheaper Omakase. The dishes (as best as I can remember from my pics), in order: (cold-hot-sushi-soup-dessert)1) Toro with Spicy Miso and Caviar - Wow, definitely one of the highlights of the Omakase. Super juicy, melt-in-your-mouth toro topped with a bit of caviar and sitting in a nice spicy miso sauce. OMG so good. There was an interesting tiny Japanese peach on the side to cleanse the palate.2) Hawaiian Red Snapper Sashimi - Very nice texture and mix of flavors with the a citrus sauce, spot of spicy sauce, a sprinkle of black sea salt, and . Not sure if it's on the regular menu, maybe it's called something else.3) Kampachi and Tasmanian Trout Sashimi - Super exotic and tasty. I didn't even know what Kampachi was until I looked it up. Apparently it's Hawaiian yellowtail farmed in the open ocean off the Kona coast of the Big Island. The trout was also very good. It looks a bit like salmon, but tastes a lot better. Served with a nice miso-based sauce (I think) on the side, a couple small veggie sushi rolls, a roasted jalapeno, and a small, yellow, pear-shaped tomato sliced in half.4) Black Cod w/ Miso - This dish really did live up to the hype. I was about to order it separately in case it did not come with the Omakase, but our waiter said it is normally included in the $100 Omakase since it's a very popular dish. OMG so good. Such delicate flavors and texture. Amazing. I normally don't like to eat fish skin, but this skin is super good and flavorful. The cod is very light and flaky, but not dry. Wow, this is a must try if you come to Nobu.5) Beef Tenderloin w/ Shiitake mushroom and asparagus - I didn't think this was that special and probably would not order off the regular menu. It was very good tenderloin though, cooked to a perfect medium rare, with a light sauce. It is served in a sizzling mini cast iron plate.6) Nigiri Sushi Platter - Delicious nigiri, super fresh, and most pieces I normally wouldn't order myself, but were interesting to try. Tuna (best I've had in awhile), Japanese snapper, Aji, giant clam, and sweet shrimp. Mmm7) Miso Soup w/ Clams - Pretty standard miso soup with a few clams inside. The clams and miso is a good combination, but they can be tricky to fish out and eat with only chopsticks. I cheated on one of them and used two fingers to hold the shell. ;P8) Flourless Chocolate Cake w/ Green Tea Ice Cream - A generous portion served in a cute bento box. Nothing too spectacular or interesting, but delicious nonetheless. The cake was still nice and molten inside when it arrived. Yum!A pretty filling flight of dishes for $100. I thought it was good value to try many dishes, but I haven't seen the sizes of the normal dishes. Many tables around us also ordered the Omakase, as I heard the same descriptions being recited by the staff over and over. I over heard a table of French tourists behind us ordering California rolls, chicken teriyaki, tempura, and other generic stuff you can get anywhere. Sigh, what a waste.I would recommend not to order anything not on the "hot" of "cold" specialty pages of the menu. The rest is basically traditional Japanese fare you can get anywhere, but will probably taste better and cost a lot more at Nobu. Service was good, polite, and attentive. It was a bit odd when our waiter brought out the first few dishes, and then a couple other different guys brought out some of the following ones. Weird.The decor is basic, but nothing too special. The sushi bar looks cool and there's a pretty wall of bamboo poles at the back as you walk in. My parents like to eat early, so we moved our reservation to 6pm when they are supposed to open. When we arrived a few minutes early, the door was locked and they didn't seem ready yet. Ten minutes later, they were ready. Better to come early though, or your Omakase may take two hours or longer to get through. Ours took about 90 minutes because it wasn't that crowded until after 7.I think the tenderloin and dessert could have been better and more creative. Otherwise, nearly flawless.If I ever return for a special occasion, I will definitely need to try the $150 Omakase. With the economy in shambles, I kinda feel bad eating such an expensive dinner. Fortunately, my parents picked up the tab tonight as I had paid last night at the Painted Pony. Maybe in 2009 they will have a recession special, like Gray's Papaya. ;P
4	The food was very good. The place was a bit loud as there were conventioners flooding the dinning area.The miso cod was delicious. I also recomend the bento dessert box (green tea ice cream and chocolate lava cake anyone?!)
4	There is still better "purist" sushi out there, but for creativity, Nobu is still at the top of the list.  I enjoyed an arrangement of raw shellfish centered around a solid brick of Himilayan rock salt.  The instructions were to place the fish on the salt for a couple of seconds, then remove and eat.  I have seen this on Iron Chef, and the result was quite tasty.  Uni was nice, o-toro was very high quality but the winner of the evening was the yellowtail collar, which I am not sure was on the menu.  The collar is just fantastically flavorful.  I did not see the bill (it was a business dinner) but I assume it was a bit over the top.  Nonetheless, I love being able to stumble out of Nobu and head to the Hard Rock bar to drink more.
4	the black miso cod got me. i loveeeeeee it. the ambiance was beautiful. i wish i came more hungry to try everything else. BUT OMG their flourless chocolate molten cake with the green tea ice cream (bento box) TOPPED the night. the best i've ever had. i wish i didnt have to share it with two other girls....hehe.I would def be back here in the near future.
5	How can you have a great time everytime? I don't know but it happens. Maybe its the abundant selection of cold sake that you keep having out of the bamboo bottles or maybe its the jam packed energy....but I love this place!Miso cod is amazing as well as any of the sushi! Only problem is you do feel rushed because they are trying to seat new tables...but just remember you are the paying client. so relax!If you don't have reservations you will likely eat at 10:30 which isn't so bad in vegas...but they don't have a great bar to chill in so you are stuck out in the casino to wait and drink....which of all casinos I guess Hard Rock is a decent one. Top spot for big groups!
5	MAN ALIVE.I wish there was a Nobu in Seattle or Portland b/c this is seriously the best damn sushi I've EVER had.  The black cod w/ miso?  FABULOUS.  The yellowtail w/ jalapeno?  UNREAL.  My cucumber martini?  So could've gotten me into trouble if I'd kept drinking them.Our server?  HOT.  The aesthetics of the restaurant?  Tranquil, even though the place was bustling!If you're a sushi fan, you must must MUST go to Nobu.  It's completely worth it.
3	yellow tail sashimi with jalapenos= out of this worldThe reason why I am giving it a 3 star instead of 5 is because I've been to the Malibu location for Nobu and it is a lot better. Also, there is no bathroom in the restaurant, you have to walk through the casino, through the nasty drunken guys who whistle and harrass you, just so you can go to the bathroom, it makes it hard to enjoy your cocktail during dinner when you know if you gotta go, you'd have to make a journey to find the restroom, and once you're there, there's a huge line full of drunk girls waiting to use the restroom as well. I would think for such a high scale restaurant, that there would at least be a bathroom inside. Other than that.. the food's amazing, the bloodymary was delicious, the sangria was good too! The service is acceptable for the price you are paying for, and it's great because they expanded the place, so there is rarely a wait to be seated. p.s. the dessert is presented really pretty thaty you don't want to ruin it by eating it lol
4	atmosphere - No Smoking.  Nobu is right next to the smoky casino, but they close their door and the lounge did not have smoking on our night.  Thank God, because many Vegas restaurants are infested with smoke from the nearby casino.  lots of bamboo.  Club music.  Loud, people having fun.  No toilet as people have mentioned.service - excellent, our waiter (Jonathan) was fast and efficient, and the entire staff was fast and efficient.  He did not wait for the 'water boy' to get us water, for example, they all did everything.  One of the faster staffs I have seen in Vegas.Food - Very good, not out of this world though.  Regular sushi was good, but not better than anything you get in California, NY, or Boston.  You really come here for the fusion "sushi", which was very good (but not out of this world).Recommended.  Everybody should come here once.And again, it is truly a nonsmoking restaurant.
1	Ok so I have gone here twice. The first time was good and the second time was extremely disappointing. I decided after the last dinner that I would not return - especially with all the other choices in Vegas.1. The waiters seemed to BS their way around explaining the menu. 2. The quality of the ingredients did not warrant the prices.3. Since everything is ordered on a per piece basis, it makes ordering a litIe cumbersome - who really wants to order tempura on a per piece basis? Especially since it is the same assortment of tempura you would get anywhere else.I eat Japanese food fairly often, so I know my way around... and this was definitely not up to par.
4	Our first stop during our trip to Vegas this past week. We decided to come here to celebrate my Aunties Birthday! My cousin and I have heard so much about the place we HAD to try it with our mother's during our mother/daughter trip to Vegas.  Here is what we orderedYellowtail w/ jalapeno (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/TCWMgOiV0PxQkWE1SyBIWQ?select=DwKr-LhPVr9kFIVr4Q7PtQ: Very Delicious, my mother and cousin who do not eat sashimi even enjoyed the dish. After the dinner when I asked them what their favorite dish was this was on the top. It is slices of yellowtail sashimi w/ a type of ponzu sauce and good to eat with the small slice of jalapeno and cilantro. I think I've had similar dishes like this at other restaurants but I think b/c its from Nobu it just makes it that much better. Sashimi Salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/TCWMgOiV0PxQkWE1SyBIWQ?select=12QbNH80NCNJdBy_mZVnOg): The dressing on this salad was very good and tasty. It comes with mixed greens in the middle and like seared ahi layering the outside. I wish it had a couple of different types of Sashimi in the salad but that's okay, it still tasted good. Scallops with filo on lettuce cups (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/TCWMgOiV0PxQkWE1SyBIWQ?select=NK22wem6XYcmO21jvgPJVQ): This was probably my favorite dish. The scallop melted in your mouth and the taste was pretty good. I think the scallops were made with a miso sauce and had green onions sprinkled on top. Whatever it was it was super super good. ahhh drool.Whole deep fried cod or snapper I don't remember the name of the fish on top of sauteed veggies in a miso butter sauce (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/TCWMgOiV0PxQkWE1SyBIWQ?select=vefN4PoI2zsBDZNyHZaAXQ): This was another special. The waiter told us that everyone raves about this dish. It came out and we were all in awe. It was pretty big. The table was in WOW when my mother and my auntie started laughing... they then asked one of the waiters how much it was $100.00.. WOW, didn't realize that when we ordered it. I think it should have been something that the waiter said, especially since it cost so much.  Needless to say the fish was delicious! You can eat almost every single piece of it. The fins where crunchy and were very good dipped in the miso butter sauce. The sauce was sweet with a little spicy. The sauteed veggies were also very good and eaten with the fish heavenly. We picked at this dish the whole dinner and still weren't able to eat the whole thing.  Bummer b/c we definitely tried, we knew we had to get our moneys worth if we were going to spend $100 on one dish. Sushi and the Tempura Dinner: Nothing spectacular about either of these dishes. I don't even remember what rolls we got except for the house roll which wasn't anything special. I would definitely skip both if you are coming here. Get these at some other restaurant. The service was good but not spectacular. They have a lot of people working here but nobody went out of their way to enhance our experience. Overall I would come here again. There are a couple other things I would like to try off their menu.
4	SO F'ing good! The sushi is amazing, and the flaked sea salt on the edamame alone makes it worth a trip back! This is a place you will defintaley see celebs, we sat a few table away from 2/3 of the cast of freaks and geeks! Skip dessert, it was just eh...save your money and grab another cocktail.
5	I'm not going to lie--a small part of me dies every time I think about how much we spent here.  But the truth of the matter is, you can't get good sushi without paying for it.  We ordered the $100 omakase, the uni tempura set, kabocha tempura, and salmon sashimi.The fusion dishes (like the hamachi with jalapeno or the snapper with cucumber and lemon juice) were fun to try but I find that the sauces often overpower the fish, which is the best thing about Nobu.  If you have never tried any of their signature dishes, you might want to order at least one of the omakase options, but if you're just looking to enjoy the fish qua fish, then order the sashimi and/or nigiri a la carte.And yes, let's talk about the fish.  I have never had such a wonderfully buttery miso black cod!  And the toro, maguro, aji, trout, and sake (as in salmon sashimi) simply melted in our mouths.  No biting necessary.  The only low point was that the anago in our complimentary sushi was littered with small fish bones but hey, it was complimentary!  Yet another reason why I love Nobu.  They know how to treat the ladies right.As for the tempura, the kabocha was out of season, so it was our bad for ordering it in the first place, but the uni tempura was unlike anything I have ever had.  Every bite was bursting with succulence and the tempura batter added extra texture and flavor.  Heavenly.  Anyone who is a fan of uni and/or tempura needs to try this!  it also comes with tempura shiitake mushroom (luxuriously juicy), tempura shiso leaf (so crispy, so light), and one other vegetable tempura that I forget but that my mom thought was delicious.The dessert was lovely too--we had the bento box which consists of flourless chocolate cake and homemade green tea ice cream.  Not too sweet and the perfect way to end a perfect meal.I seriously cannot wait to come back here again and try the hamachi kama, the snapper, the whole fried fish, and the squid salad.  Is it expensive?  YES.  But is it worth it?  MOST DEFINITELY.
3	I might be bias because i really love jin sho in the bay area.This omakase was just not as good as jin sho's omakase... it was very similar just not done as well.I'm sure if I never ever at at jin sho's I might have given this place a better review... We are never coming back here because there are a lot of other less expensive places in actual walking distance on the strip to go to and just not as good as jin sho.
2	I've dined at Nobu five times and never gotten service above below average.  One time the service was horrific and when we complained the server goose-egged his own tip on the credit card slip (party of 10, $1,700 tab and we were gonna just give him 15% but decided to roll with his suggestion).  As for the food it's 40-50% the quality of their NYC counterpart - and that's generous.  Don't get me wrong I have all the respect in the world for Chef Matsuhisa, but I guess that's what happens when you open a restaurant 3,000 miles away with a dining area the size of a football field.  Some dishes oversauced, others overcooked.  No love, man, no love.If you want Nobu style food for half the price take a trip off strip to Sen of Japan.  If you're looking for high-end sushi on the strip Okada at the Wynn's the best I've had but I've yet to dine at Yellowtail (Bellagio) and friends tell me that's the best.  I've also had a couple good meals at Shibuya (MGM).
5	Of course I had to give it 5 stars, I would give it 10 stars if possible!! This was, quite simply, the BEST MEAL of my life! For Valentine's Day we were deciding between Craftsteak at MGM or Nobu. We called both locations and both said the earliest open spot for us would be 10:30 pm. I asked both places to take my number down in case of cancellations, and Nobu did- for 8:30. Yes, it was ultra modern, and a bit too dimly lit, and we WERE sitting behind an obnoxiously loud newlewed couple (she was still in her white wedding dress, spilling drinks, and talking loudly to her neighbors!) there were no restrooms (had to leave the restaurant) but all in all- this was a five star meal (in blinging bright Vegas styled neon lights-flashing!!) if there ever was one. And I am changed, as a result of this.We decided to throw caution (and ugly thoughts of the recession) out the window and opted for the 150/head omakase. I kid you not, better, smoother, fresher, more buttery, more beautifully presented than I've had in Japan! Now, I don't remember all the individual dishes but I recalled that we were transformed into two little kids in a candy store, sitting there smiling in awe at what just went into our mouths and rubbing our hands together in astonished anticipation of just WHAT could top what we had just tasted? On and on... the dishes came. Beautiful and perfect, each shining in it's own vibrant manner, beautifully crafted and thought-provoking. Perfectly portioned... perfectly perfect.  The yellowtail with a slim sliver of jalepeno was awesome- my bf's pick of the night. The chilean sea bass divine. The trout with that sweet citrus.. the hamachi w/garganzola and balsamic- so unreal. The fois gras was smoother than butter. Everything just melted.I'm not sure whether it had anything to do with shelling out SO much money but Nobu had just turned dinner into a culinary experience for us. A masterpiece. And once we've tasted greatness.... it's so hard to go back.
4	Why you should go to Nobu LV:1. Cause everyone needs to go to Nobu once in their life...why not Vegas2. The calamari pasta is outta this world. A must have. BUT, don't let me set your expectations too high.3. Overall experience is  warm, satisfying and sorta exciting - hey, it's Nobu.Why you should not go to Nobu LV:1. If you're going to Nobu, you're either a foodie, looking for a trendy spot or from Japan and need your rice (like the table next to us). Well, while the food is pretty darn good, I heard the other spots - Honolulu, NYC etc have a hipper vibe.2. You want to save money to eat during the rest of your trip. We gorged out and ended up spending at least $150 each. 3. You want to stick on the strip. While the Hard Rock isn't very far, it'd be cool if Nobu was in the midst of the chaos. On the other hand, maybe it's off-strip locale protects it...not sure on that one.In any case, try it. You won't regret it. At least you can say you been to Nobu - like I basically am in this review.
5	Wow. I was seriously impressed with this place. This place ranks second to French Laundry on my list of favorites. First- if you are a first time visitor there, I would recommend just ordering off of the menu. I am sure the Omakase is great but you have to try the signature dishes- and you may not get to try them all with the Omakase. Second- don't have the sushi be your primary focus. It's okay- but the other items are so much better. We saw people around us doing nothing but order sushi- what a waste! Third- the warm dishes tended to be larger portions than the cold and raw dishes. Just a FYI if you want to budget your appetite and your wallet. I also felt that the dishes with a tart factor (see below) were too overwhelming. I would pass on these- IMO the tartness is so much you can't enjoy the other flavors that might be there. We started with edammame and the sheshito peppers. Pass on the edamamme - there is nothing great about it- and you don't need to fill up your tummy with average stuff. The sheshito peppers were really good. They taste like small green bell peppers and the miso and sesame sauce on top has a great flavor. My husband is so picky when it comes to veggies and he even enjoyed this. My only word of caution- occasionally you get a spicy one! So we relied on our fellow yelpers and ordered the following items: 1. Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno - definitely get this- it was awesome! 2. The blackened miso cod- by far, the highlight of the evening 3. Chilean sea bass- cooked the special of the day way (yummy)- it had tomatoes, and onions, some white wine sauce 4. Kobe beef on skewers- pass- it was okay but not great 5. Lobster Ceviche- pass- the tartness was way too overwhelming 6. Red snapper with dry miso - pass- again, tartness too overwhelming 7. Then we ordered some basic filler items- tempura, sushi (CA rolls and Ama Ebi)- all which were fine. 8. We ordered the bento box dessert- it was ok- not fantastic. Overall- the meal was great. The black miso cod was so good- it had the right blend of sweetness with saltiness, and the fish was so tender it literally melts in your mouth. The Chilean sea bass had the same texture and effect, but it costs about twice the amount as the black cod (a tidbit for those of you who are watching the $$s). We had starved ourselves earlier in the day and were totally stuffed by the end of the meal. The whole meal with tip was just over $300. I highly recommend this place. It was the only restaurant that we went to in the older part of Vegas that was great.
4	I love sushi, so obviously I am a fan of Nobu's. The fish is always so fresh and delicious. My favorite is the yellowtail with the jalapenos.We came here for a friend's birthday. The experience was good. The bad thing was the location of our table. There was a large table with a birthday right behind us, and they were all standing around like it was a night club for at least 45 minutes. My chair got bumped several times, until I was finally so irritated, I was ready to leave.The ice cream things with the rice paper are amazing (sorry, forgot what they are called!). Oh, and try the lobster ceviche - YUM!This place is very expensive, so be prepared for the sticker shock.
3	OK....with hundreds of good, authentic sushi joints in Vegas, why wait in line and spend too much on this one.  Food is fine, but nothing special given the big rep this place has....
4	In case people don't know, Nobu is the restaurant chain of a chef, Nobu Matsuhisa who has starred on that Food Channel show, "Iron Chef." He has brought the gourmet "New Japanese" cuisine to the world. This place is very expensive...but the taste is extraordinary. The Black Cod with miso melts in your mouth. Every dish is a work of culinary art. The service at the Las Vegas restaurant is excellent. They constantly make sure everything is clean, and ready, glasses filled, and your needs are met. The bill for 6 of us was $270 before tip, so this is costly, but not too over-priced. It is definitely an upper echelon restaurant. The Las Vegas venue is situated in the middle of the Hard Rock Hotel and is therefore several decibels too high. If you eat there frequently you are going to lose your hearing. That is why I give it 4 stars. I can imagine this restaurant outside of the Hard Rock Hotel will be more pleasant. If you're in your 20-40's you'll probably give it 5 stars.
1	When a restaurant has the nerve to charge exorbitant prices for food, I damn well better get THE BEST taste and THE BEST service in my entire life. You will not get either one at Nobu. I came here the other night treating an unemployed friend for dinner, WHAT A SHAM.I asked the sushi "chef" what is good that day and he recommended the king crab roll. We said ok and this little roll came out and the taste was simply ok. I was not impressed at all. I was actually quite annoyed. I ordered some Uni and monkfish liver. Now when I order monkfish liver at any other sushi spot, I either get 2 pieces of sushi or a few medallion sized sashimi. At Nobu, I got one medallion-sized piece on a gigantic plate that was covered in this peach sauce. I was becoming rather bored and none of this tiny shit was fulfilling my appetite. I asked the chef what he has that's unusual and off the menu. He said the yellowtail or white tuna, you know, cuz NO other sushi place has that! I told him something a little more unique and he just didn't know what to offer. Finally he said live octopus. I ordered it and it just kinda arrived in front of me. I imagined it would've been prepared in front of me or shown to me before cutting it.. anything. I have no idea where it came from or how it looked. It was drenched in some sort of clear vinegar-like sauce with green stuff and all I tasted was this crap all over it. I got the bill and almost ran the hell out! It was $198. FOR THAT CRAP! We ordered 4 lychee martinis which were good, not worth $56 for 4 of them.  TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS for the crab roll! $25 for the octopuss! $15 for the uni. I payed in absolute anger and disgust, left a 20% tip and got the hell out of there. Honestly, I am a harsh critic, I admit that. HOWEVER, I feel financially raped by this place and am losing sleep over it. The food was SO not worth it. Anyone who knows sushi really well wouldn't be caught in this lame over-priced trap. It should be illegal to serve crap sushi covered in taste bud-overdose sauce! I will never EVER go near Nobu again and will warn people waiting to not bother. Here's a big middle finger to Nobu nationwide.
3	It should go without saying that Nobu is an expensive restaurant, so don't complain when you pay $30 for the smallest sushi roll you have ever seen.  Don't think that just because a roll has a big rice that is fit for sharing.  I am sure a lot of thought, planning, and preparation that goes into each roll.  If you don't mind paying a lot of money for very good, but small, sushi pieces, then you will be happy.  On the other hand, if you are used to getting a lot of food for your money, you will be disappointed or broke.  You may also want to go to Nobu for its high energy vibe and great atmosphere.  It is inside the Hard Rock Casino that is a younger and livelier crowd than some casinos.  The service is better than average and the decor is very nice.  There are also other entrees other than sushi.You will save several dollars and get what you pay for if you stick to hand rolls, sashimi or regular sushi (2 pieces).  This will offer you the opportunity to appreciate the high-end atmosphere without high-end prices.
5	I was very impressed. I thought trendy sushi, tons of celebs go there, there are going to be crappy expensive rolls. NOT AT ALL....the roll that we did have was so so.. The fish we had was amazing the waiter recommended the miso black cod...it was the BEST dont miss this, and it was even pretty reasonable!
4	this is my second time here and both times i've come with my cousin. as much i love nobu, i only go there with her, since she loves it so much, but i never regret it. the nice thing is i just let her order, since she knows what's good, but then if i ever go alone, i won't really know what to order. i did have a nice acai cocktail to start the night. it was delicious and refreshing, great way to start the meal. we ordered the yellowtail with jalapeno which i loved since i love the spice. then we had the seafood spring rolls which weren't on the menu, but since they go there all the time, they knew about it. those were also really good, along with the sashimi salad. loved the dressing and there was so much sashimi! we also had the rock shrimp tempura, which was kinda like popcorn shrimp, but really tasty and some grilled beef thing. at the end, we ordered the bento box, which was a flourless chocolate cake with green tea ice cream. everything was really good, but service was a little slow. my other friends were also there and they were a party of 10. they started a little after us but finished before us!! other than that though, it was a great night.
4	Having owned Nobu's cookbook for years, I was only too excited to finally visit a restaurant of his.  (which means my lazy ass never made anything form the cookbook but my excuse is that some of his ingredients are so hard to find....but I digress).Drinks:Jyunmai Sake - "masu" size (wooden box cup) smooth and lovely to drinkYK 35 - "masu" size.  This was the most expensive one on their list and boy was it worth every dollar.Note: Masu is served in an overflowing box-cup on a plate.  You finish your cup and then pour what's on the plate back into your vessel.Food:Monkfish Liver - honestly, not my thing.  I tried but just couldn't get over the fish-flavored paste.  It had caviar on top which I ate.  But my husband who loved it said the sweet miso sauce enhanced the whole thing greatly.  He enjoyed having the dish to himself.Tiradito, Nobu style - sashimi with a dab of hot chili sauce and black sea salt and cilantro.  One of my faves but not for hubbyWhite fish New Style Sashimi - sashimi doused with soy sauce and oil, topped with ginger and green onions. Also one of my faves but had to share this one with hubby. Sweet Shrimp New Style Sashimi - even better than the above.  YUM.  Hubby let me have most of this one and for that, I'm forever grateful.Uni Tempura - this was the one thing I wanted to try the most.  The shiso wrapped around the uni gave it another facet and I greatly enjoyed this dish...on my own.  More for me!  The accompanying shitake mushroom and salts were delicious.Miso Black Cod - I didn't have high hopes but our server recommended it so we went with it.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The serving size was reasonable.  Four 2-bite pieces served on butter lettuce and topped with crispy noodle things.  Very enjoyable.Scallops with Wasabi Pepper Sauce - Again, a pretty good-sized serving. The sauce was phenomenal although I do wish there was more of a wasabi kick.  I'm no wuss about spiciness but the pepper in this kept choking me up.  Dessert:Caramel Chocolate Mouse - I thought this sounded rather ordinary until I looked at the ingredient list.  Globe of chocolate filled halfway with mousse (very light and delicate), topped with a toffee disc, topped with shiso citrus granite, topped with caramel "caviar"; everything sat on top of a thick coconut sauce, dusting of brown powder sugar and crispy Japanese rice.  BEST dish we had all night.  Loved it.  I could have had 3 more.Service was great with several lapses here and there.  The busboys were impeccable.  Our server got less and less attentive with the arrival of his other tables.The quality of the food was excellent and did not disappoint.  I'm no stranger to paying several bills for dinner but for whatever reason, I did feel that food was somewhat overpriced here.  Or maybe for what we paid, I thought the food should have been 5-star.
5	I was in Vegas for my birthday and my friends and I went here for my birthday meal. Everything was delicious! My favorites were the yellow tail sashimi with jalapenos and the black cod with miso sauce. AMAZING! Our waiter wasn't very friendly but the food made up for it. I will definitely go again!
4	The food here is awesome. The prices are high but it is located at the Hard Rock Hotel and not to mention the Nobu name which is like an insurance policy for your experience. Miso cod with butter lettuce is a dish that everyone should try. It is phenomenal! So many dishes to get, I try to stay away from rolls. Just stick with the specialty items, sashimi and nigiri sushi and you shall be alright. The sake is OK just be careful because alcohol could end up doubling your bill. Great food with a rock star ambiance. This place is very expensive, make sure you bring enough money.
3	I'm from Hawaii so we have a Nobu. Las vegas nobu has the same taste as hawaii nobu. The bad thing about this nobu is the restrooms which is located outside of nobu. Very inconvenient. Be prepared Hawaii peeps higher prices and tax.
3	Food was stellar. The Black Cod lettuce with miso may have perhaps been the single best food item I have ever eaten. It had sweet, spicy, cold, hot, crunchy, soft all in one bite. Amazing. Sadly, the two beef items we ordered Medium Rare came out closer to Medium Well. Inexcusable at these prices. The final dish we ordered took over 40 minutes and service took a nose dive after first few courses. Again, this is inexcusable to spend $800 for five people and not get stellar service.
5	ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS.....BLACK COD WITH DRIED MISO LETTUCE WRAPS =FTW!My family decided to go a bit fancy and tried Nobu at the Hardrock in Las Vegas and I have to say, "WOW!"  The food is amazing!  I have learned that at places like these, you know you are going to spend money.  So, why not eat the "speciality" things they are known for rather than food you can always get at another restaurant.  So, I ordered the yellow tail sashimi with jalapeno, the Salmon Tataki with Cilantro Dressing, Lobster Ceviche, and my FAVORITE THING IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD= the Black Cod with Miso lettuce wraps!  OMG!  This fish was AMAZING.  I didn't want to stop eating the lettuce wrap and NEVER wanted it to end!  (I know it sounds very sexual but once you have this dish, you too will feel like you had a sexual encounter in your mouth!  -THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!)I say if you ever have that one night when you want to go fancy while your in Vegas and don't mind spending the money and want a VERY delicious experience, you need to go to Nobu at the Hardrock!  Once again let me say this again!  YOU HAVE TO TRY THE BLACK COD WITH DRIED MISO LETTUCE WRAPS!
5	Trendy sushi... LOVE IT! Obviously pricier than those sweet, little whole-in-the-wall places, but, you get what you pay for :)The atmosphere was awesome. The service was superb. The flavored sakes were amazing. The menu was impressive. The presentation was pleasing. The food was orgasmic. Bomb.
2	I went to Nobu with a group of 8 people, and I was really disappointed. I really don't understand why Nobu has had so many 5 star reviews. Yes the food was good, not amazing. The only thing that was stellar was the Black cod lettuce wraps. If I was just giving a rating on the food, I would have given it a 3 or 4 star, but the service was horrible. We came in with drinks already in hand (thanks to Hard Rocks round bar), were served some bottled water, and many of us made a preemptive drink order. We were so happy we did, cause it was literally 30 minutes before we were served another drink. I would try to flag our server down, but I couldn't get him. During the night, the server was not engaging at all and rarely stopped to see how we were doing. To top it all off, since we were a party of 8, our tip was already added on to the bill. So, the despite being a horrible server, he still got a very hefty tip. On any other night I would have asked to speak to the manager, but I just let it go. I was in Vegas, with friends and didn't want to put a damper on the night.
5	I stomach this place.  That's like saying, I heart it but with my stomach.  Anyway everything we had was SO SO SO good.  There were 8 of us and it was such a treat.  I loooooved it.  Except our waiter wasn't the brightest...apparently he can't do math very well...but aside from that, things were fantastic.
5	This is hands down the best Japanese food I have ever had.  We went with no reservations for dinner but were able to get a seat at the bar.  Highly recommended as the sushi artist recommended some delicious roll choices for us.  The best part?  I have to say that the BLACK COD WITH DRIED MISO LETTUCE WRAPS was the best.  It's melt in your mouth good.  We also tried the Wa Shu Beef Tataki which was also very good.  We spent about $200 between two people but I think we also ate a lot that night.  Very good food.  Make reservations in advance!
5	nobu was a woodsy haven inside the loud and blaring music of the hard rock hotel.  but this was vegas so it was bustlin' and movin'.the list of sake was impressive with lots of varied ways of preparation.on a plate, in a bamboo container, cold or hot.sure sure sure, the toro and hamachi were bloody amazing.  soft and silky cuts that just melted in your mouth.but the showstopper was the truffled and bread crumbed lobster special.a beautiful blend of hot butter and bread crumbs which added a lovely texture to the smooth and sinful lobster.and at 100$ a pop, it was worth every bite.   besides it was much better to eat and drink my money than losing it at the black jack tables.
1	I've had the chance to eat at Nobu Las Vegas several times over the past several years.   While the ambiance is nice, and the food is good (not amazing), the service is too attentive (they are like used car salespeople, always trying to upsell.  Some people just want tap water.), and the food isn't anywhere near worth what they are charging for it.  Better options for Sushi in Las Vegas are "I Love Sushi", "The Ka", "Sushi Fever", or - if you are looking for the Nobu atmosphere without the hype, try "Sushi Roku", which has an amazing view of the strip.  The wait staff at "Sushi Roku" at Caesars Palace is far more humble and focused on service than "Nobu".
4	Omakase - let the chef blow your senses. We ate items that weren't on the menu!  Fish couldn't be any more fresh.  Meat dish was better than any Kobe I've ever eaten.  The sake...order most expensive bottle, ridiculously smooth and only made for Nobu.  Service was exceptional besides the fact they were all hot!  I'll be back, I know I will!
4	I had high expectation coming in and left feeling somewhat unsatisfied.  While I do think Nobu is a great sushi place to experience, it's a bit over hyped and is priced accordingly..The place was not well lid so we opted for the sushi bar where we could actually see the food.  Our sushi chef was cool, attentive, and a superb artisan.  I ordered the Omakase ($100) and was pretty happy with the variety of dishes:1) Toro tartare with caviar - this was the highlight dish .. fabulous!2) 4 different sashimi dishes - Japanese red snapper, yellowtail and a few others .. exotic varieties, beautifully presented, but a bit overpowered by the sauces .. I left Nobu with a very strong Ponzu aftertaste3) Black cod .. good but sooooo overrated.  The sauce was just too strong for this delicate fish.  4) Tenderloin with shitake and enoki mushrooms - I really regret asking to have this well done.  Doh!5) 5 different pieces of sushi - ameabi, grilled eel, and a few others .. all were pretty good.The waiting service was lacking for a fine dining establishment.  I found that the best waiting services are those that are not very visible but are attentive and will serve your needs before being asked.  Nobu's staff, while very nice, was more of the opposite.  You see lots of guys crowding the restaurant but still have to ask and wait for stuffs.  The predominately male wait staffs also makes me wonder how tough it must be to compete for female employees with the local Cabarets.Bottom line:  I'm glad I tried Nobu.  But, it'll be a long while before I come back especially when there are so many other options there in Vegas.
4	Went here on a Saturday night. We got there at 10:30pm and it was still packed. We ordered the yellowtail sashimi w/ jalapeno, very good. Followed by the shrimp tempura roll and lobster ceviche, both were good. I wouldn't say anything spectacular but good nevertheless. The best for last, the black cod miso lettuce wrap was very good. It's sweet, buttery, hot & cold, soft & crunchy. The dish was the highlight of the evening. The GF enjoyed the miso immensely. We also had the bento box dessert, simple but good. Service was good to us.Being Nobu, you pay a pretty penny for a small amount of food. Ok...you'll drop a few bills here. But it's worth going to, esp. if you never been.
4	have the bluefin toro tartare w/ caviar & the miso black cod - we made the mistake of ordering the lettuce wrap instead of the whole fish this weekend, order the fish instead of the wraps its muuuuch better. you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu! I don't remember what else we had because we had one of each of the specials. *be sure to have uni w/ quail egg and the cucumber or acai martini the service:the first time we went it was impeccable.second time, it was no bueno... I brought friends here bc I had been ranting and raving about it & they wanted to hear what the fuss was about. the food they loved (minus the lobster tacos). So about the service, I think the waiter was having some issues. i had him repeat the order beforehand bc I wanted everything to go smoothly. regardless of that he messed up our order. drinks - brought one too many, double ordered the miso black cod & the brought the wrong kobe dish which is $35 an oz..... we got a few ounces. It reflects me so I was bothered, I tried to work it out with the waiter bc I for one was not going to have us pay for HIS mistakes. he was only able to comp 2 oz of the kobe and remove half of the cod.. usually service can ruin a rating but I love the food and forgive the guy, must've been one of those days.
5	It was Saturday night in Vegas, we wanted sushi, and Nobu didnt even cross my mind until my boyfriend made reservations for the same night. I quickly logged on to yelp to check the latest reviews as i do with any restaurant, and I am happy to say that I am ecstatic I did this, because had i not, I would have missed out on the Black cod with miso.... which is without a doubt, one the best things that I have ever tasted. My BF and I shared 4 dishes and 1 dessert, washed it down with 2 sapporo's each, and by the time we were done, we could barely walk!Yellowtail Sashimi with jalapeno - DELICIOUS!!!! the sauce may be just a bit overpowering but delicious nonetheless. I couldnt even taste the jalapeno :)Lobster Ceviche - I have no clue why they are calling this "ceviche" but I wish we would have ordered something else instead. It was merely OK,  It just kind of tasted like cold lobster in lettuce - but hey, i love lobster so  its all good :)Black Cod with Miso - OMG - I just got goosebumps thinking about this dish. It is hands down the best thing i have ever put in my mouth. I like how crunchy and  soft it is..  delicioso~Shrimp tempura roll - your basic roll ..  Bento Box dessert ( flourless chocolate cake with Green tea ice cream) YUM YUM YUM YUM - this is a great combination - not too much,  shared with someone special is a perfect way to satisfy your sweet tooth.Will definitely come back - Loved the all male service - everyone was really nice and our waiter pretty much gave us his thoughts on all the menu items and gave us some nice suggestions - that in hindsight, i should have taken. But hey, theyre's always next time!!
5	We've had some fantastic meals here.  I personally think the food, atmosphere, and service are spot on and well worth it (sadly, especially compared to the Nobu in our hometown of San Diego).  Couple stories:Last weekend I dropped one of my chopsticks accidentally.  No joke, in less than 30 seconds not one but two waiters were there, each with a replacement set.  I think they actually heard it fall rather than saw it.  It was so slick and fast we were genuinely a little stunned.And my wife had a cough.  So a cup of green tea was sent out in case she wanted it "to soothe her throat."  Sweet touch, and impeccable service.
5	Three words: Miso Black Cod.Oh My Gawd. If you have to choose only 2 items from the menu, it would be the Miso Black Cod and the Miso Black Cod.  This is not to say that the other dishes aren't as fabulous - I would definitely recommend the Chilean sea bass with dried miso, creamy spicy crab, broiled Tassie  trout, and beef kushiyaki.  The cherry on top is the service - from the first phone call to reserve a table for 10 for a Friday night dinner (made a day prior due to a reservation cock-up at Social House), subsequent phone calls to organize the delivery of birthday cake, and the servers during the dinner.  All these made us forget about the $8 cake-cutting fee which, while ridiculous, is somewhat justified.  The damage report came to about $70 per person.  Money well spent, no less.
5	Simply an AWESOME dining experience!  Give yourself a good 2 - 2.5 hours to savior every moment of the food and your time here!  Excellent service, scrumptious dishes, and fresh sushi!  You're going to be paying a pretty penny after all's said and done, but it will be your honor because this IS fine dining at it's best!!!Recommendations:  Omakase + Black Cod Miso + Kobe Beef
4	Yes, I'm a SUSHI lover and this place...honestly took my breath away. I was here during CES 2009 for work and my manager and I got invited to dinner with one of our partners at this restaurant. This place was PACKED when we showed up. The sake was amazing, even though I couldn't take much of it down since I had alcohol poisoning that morning ;P, yeah I know...I party hard even when I'm at work. But yes, the Cod was intensely amazing and the miso soup was quite awesome as well...definitely gonna hit this place up again when I'm in town.
3	great place for some sushi. food overall is good but pricey. make reservations bc the wait will be long. dinner time the service can be slow and you might have to wait for your food for a bit.
3	I've been to Nobu in Vegas twice before and in NYC once and always loved it, so, naturally, when in Vegas with a friend, we made a reservation for dinner.  My friend is a big Nobu fan as well, and we were both disappointed with our experience this trip to Vegas.  What was great about the service - that they brought the dish, explained it and then left us alone to enjoy food w/o constantly checking in w/ us - also turned out to be an issue.  When we were ready to order more sake, we waited over 15 minutes, and, when no server had come to our table, my friend got up and found one to take our order.The food this time was also a disappointment.  The rock shrimp tempura wasn't as tastey as always, and the sushi rolls were just ordinary.  Certainly not good enough for Nobu prices.  The Miso Cod and Yellow Tail Sashimi were both delicious, but the others were sub-par for Nobu's reputation.Sometimes, I'm not sure it's a good thing to have all the big name restaurants in Vegas... if the big name chefs are elsewhere, the Vegas fare seems to suffer.
5	Love this place. While it is very pricey it's some of the best food I've had in this town. The tasting menu is the best way to go to sample lots of different things. We weren't disappointed with a single dish. The service was also good.
3	My friend and I decided to try their Omakase dinner...they had two tiers.  $100 & $150...(i believe those were the choices, but i could be wrong).We chose the $100 tier and I'd have to say it was quite impressive.  Granted, I may not have been sober enough to give you all a FULL and indepth description of each dish (there were about 7 dishes all together), but from what I recalled...each dish was exquisite.We also had other friends who had ordered a la carte dishes and they were not disappointed either.I'd say, if you're ever in the mood to splurge for a night of good Japanese cuisine...come and check out Nobu.  They don't fall short of "delish"
3	Yikes, what happened?Consistency isn't one of Nobu's strengths, apparently, which I believe should be a priority if they are going to charge their customers as much as they do.  I ordered the cheaper $100 omakase again (which I do believe is a good deal given the amount of food you get) but the quality of fish has gone downhill since my last visit.The signature hamachi with jalapeno?  Devoid of all velvety tenderness.  The salmon sashimi?  Like chewing a rug.  The maguro nigiri?  Stringy and tough.On top of it all, I ventured out and tried the hamachi kama.  Not bad, but terrible for $20.  In San Diego, you can get the same size hamachi kama with every bite just as, if not more, succulent for $9.  There is no excuse, honestly.  If you are going to charge me $20, you better make sure not a single sliver of white meat is dry.  Half the fish was, but luckily there was dipping sauce to keep the meat from being unbearable to the palate.Nobu isn't a complete loss, though.  Like I stated before, the omakase is a great deal, price wise.  It comes with the famed bento dessert, which was even better than I remembered it being last time.  We also tried the miso almond cake and edamame ice cream, which was great in that it was unique and creative (the taste, quite honestly, was *salty*), but it all paled in comparison with the flourless chocolate cake crowned in green tea ice cream that is the bento.  Never be tempted to order a different dessert here at Nobu.  Ever.Same goes with the black cod.  Yes, it's small and yes, it's expensive if you order it a la carte, but it's worth every luscious bite.  It should be a must-order if you come here (it comes with the omakase, but it's so good, you should probably just order another).One item not part of the omakase menu is the uni tempura set.  Perhaps the deep frying hides any flaws in the uni, but I could taste that warm sweet flavor that I know is associated with high quality freshness.  Gotta love the juicy mushroom and refreshing shiso that comes with it too.  The set is also accompanied with a set of delightful salts, all used to enhance in my opinion, what needs no enhancement.  Still nice to look at, though, and they make for some good pictures!I also tried one of the eponymous sakes and was impressed.  Can't remember which one, but the price was reasonable.  Wonderfully smooth and paired well with the fish.  I highly recommend that you get it served hot.While I maintain an A-OK for Nobu, I doubt I'll be coming back.  There are other places to get better Japanese food--and for better prices.
3	I really really don't get the hype over Nobu. Yeah, the decor is beautiful, the presentation of the food is great, it's always filled with fun people and it's in the Hard Rock Hotel (one of my favorite hotels in Vegas)...BUUUUUUUUUUUT the food is waaay overrated. I'm Japanese so I think I have a pretty good idea of what good Japanese food is. This wasn't it. Sorry.
5	let me preface this review by saying that i am NOT a seafood lover. i dislike the fishy taste and smell. so when my friends wanted to do dinner at nobu during our visit to vegas, you can imagine my skepticism. with that said.................. nobu not only met but exceeded any expectations that i had! every plate that i had was DELICIOUS. everything was fresh, no dirty fishy smell. i even had sashimi for the first time! the way that they pair their foods, whether its the sashimi with a small piece of jalapeno on top and light drips of soy sauce, or the black cod miso (the waiter warned us that no soy sauce was necessary... he was right! the cod looked plain but was marinated with SO MUCH flavor) wrapped in lettuce... or the tempura shrimp with a dash of seaweed sprinkled on top.. AMAZING. i just LOVED the food, the decor, and the presentation of the plates in general.now, nobu has definitely changed my view and taste (or distaste, at least before!) for japanese food. of course, nobu has also made me a friggin japanese food SNOB, but that just shows that even though their food is pricey, you definitely get what you pay for.i would DEFINITELY be willing to shell out some serious dough to eat here again.. i wish they had one in the bay area!!!!!
5	I'm a fan of Nobu regardless.  This location got five stars particularly because I had the single best bite of food I've ever eat.  I almost was go with the omakase.  The sushi included the absolute best toro I have ever eaten.  Everything else was wonderful as usual.  A friendly staff, although I like the atmosphere less than some of the other Nobus locations I've visited.
2	I only had the sushi so I can't review the hot dishes, so here it goes. The Yellowtail with jalapeno and yuzu was by far the best and the big eye tuna and tempura shrimp were good as well, but not worth twice the price of a decent sushi place. I don't know what exactly I was expecting, but this definitely fell short.Although the cucumber lychee martini was delicious. I would come back to try the hot dishes if someone else was picking up the tab, otherwise I think Pink Taco would probably be just as satisfying.Oh and I really wasn't that impressed with the decor, why is bamboo so luxe?
5	ONE of my very favorite sushi restaurants... here is what I love.. No res.. The staff was instrumental in working us in amongst the planned and organized with reservations..ITS Saturday nite enroute to Tao, we opted to take the cab to Nobu.. and do a sidestep of Tao for Nobu... AND that is because my friends and I were looking for primo sushi.. having told you my nite in Vegas as it unfolded.. I will now get to the review! Feeling a bit clubby in our dresses, stillettos and all of our long hair.... WE decided to sit at the sushi bar (I admit I would hate if my clan showed up with the 'here we are' attitude on Sat nite wanting to be seated amongst the mix AND now, dammit!)... The chef was entertaining and suggestive of many sashimi choices and sushi options... he just said, 'hed take care of us', and the rest followed.. amongst sake... and many, many varieties of sushi/sashimi between my group.. I didnt have one thing that I didnt love! Pricey.. maybe..worth it..Absolutely.. AND now to Tao..
4	the visit was on a labor day sunday around 6pm.  the last visit to this particular nobu was back in 2003 when i didn't know the difference between a piece of foie and a rubber sole.  i recall having the chef special back then as well, but the omakase this time was definitely more enjoyable.  this was probably due to the fact that i wasn't three sheets to the wind this time.  being married does these things.there were those that chose the bronze omakase ($100) and those that went for the silver ($150) like yours truly, and boy was there ever a difference.  there were major discrepancies between the cuts and also the types of meats served.  the sashimi and the speciality dishes also had noticeable differences.  it's not to say that the 100 dollar omakase wasn't good, but it wasn't great...at least from my vantage point.there's about a zillion details i will be leaving out, such as the dried flakes of hoo-haa sprinkled with a drizzle of the thinger thang.  So use your imagination..course 1 - a bonito sashimi.course 2 - amaebi splashed with hot oil, chawan mushi with truffle and crab eggs at the bottom, kampachi sashimi with dried miso flakes.course 3 - toro sashimi with ponzu ginger sauce and jalapeno sauce topped with a bunch of edible flowers which made it all purdy and crap.course 4 - seared scallops on a bed of sea beans.course 5 - kobe beef (served medium) with pan fried foie gras.course 6 - sushi set (nigiri) with lobster broth and lobster chunks.  the set consisted of - toro, abalone, spanish mackerel, eel, tai (red snapper) and tamago.course 7 - an array of sweets including mochi ice cream, chocolate looking souffle thing, fresh fruits and other sugary confections we couldn't stay for because we were already late for the friggin cirque du pouffay show...all in all, a great meal.  i enjoyed the silver omakase at matsuhisa better, the wife liked this dinner much better.  definitely a strong 4 star, but nowhere near a five.  the highlight of the meal for me was the foie served over the kobe.  the dish was so luxurious i really was at a loss for words as i was enjoying every delectable bite.  the slice of black truffle in the chawan mushi gives you a big mule kick in the face which was in short, heavenly.  i was surprised to find that i liked the non sushi dishes better than the raw, but is it such a huge surprise?  we live in cities like LA, SF, NY, etc. where quality ingredients are so readily available.  i've had sashimi as good if not better in other restaurants.  most don't serve it with the detail and ingenuity like mr. nobu matsuhisa, but it takes way too much money to surprise this sushi cowboy.i truly don't mean to sound snobbish, but there's only so many ways to serve up a nice slab of toro.  i'm more impressed these days by the way chefs serve up foie.  and i am TOTALLY infatuated with bone marrow...i've said too much.  i am off to eat.EDIT:i don't know if it was because we were in vegas, but i felt like everything was a bit contrived.*shrugs*
3	Staff was very friendly, patient (a majority of us were drunk), and accommodating.  I was trying to catch up and loved the Lychee martini and the Sangria, both of which were recommended by our waiter.The miso soup was above average, I enjoyed the large pieces of tofuI had the house roll (I don't remember if thats  the exact name) which had four or five different types of sushi.  The sushi was fresh, but I've definitely had better sushi.  I know, I know, I can't compare to the sushi in Hawaii, but even in Chicago, I've had sushi that's so silky in your mouth.Not a must go restaurant in my book, but definitely not one to snub if you're looking for a sushi night.Oh, Nickleback was dining there that same night.  So nice eye candy for us ladies.
4	Amazing miso cod, sashimi sampler is overpriced at $120
3	I got the beef teriyaki, but it was so clean and lean that it just lost a lot of the appeal of beef teriyaki. Cost a butt-load too.
3	I don't know what happened to this place. My casino host would always make res for me to eat here everytime im in town but the last time i was there on labor day weekend it was terrible. I always get the same thing the lobster salad, miso cod, rock shrimp tempura, yellowtail jalopeno, and lobster tacos. This last trip, the only thing that tasted like it should was the lobster salad and yellowtail. Not what I was expecting from a chain nobu. I have even eaten at the san diego location recently and they have gone downhill also. Bummer because I really use to like this place. Maybe ill give it one more shot before i cut this place off.
4	My friends and I were in LV and we dined at Nobu's.  I have always enjoyed the food here, but the waiter will try to trick you when ordering.  It is pretty pricey at Nobu's as is, so when the waiter is trying to play jedi mind tricks when your order...thats just not cool.Hamachi w Jalepenos my personal fav!
5	Aaaahh... what can I say. Nobu is awesome. Service was great as well. We ate several years ago at Nobu Atlantis and had a bad experience however decided to give Nobu Vegas a chance- boy are we glad that we did. Had the yellowtail  and ocean trout sashimis - so yummy. For hot dishes had the black cod with miso and ocean trout again. So delicious. Weren't that hungry since we had a late lunch at the pink taco also in HRH (which was not good food) so we were full after 2 cold and 2 hot and had to pass on the rolls which looked great.
3	Having lived in LA for the longest time, I have always heard great things about Nobu. So the last time I went to Vegas, I have decided to finally give it a try. I ordered Nobu's omakase menu and it came with 9 courses of a variety of Japanese fusion cuisine. The portions are huge. My friend and I tried really hard but still couldn't finish the last 2 courses. However, I would have to say I wasn't impressed with the food overall. Comparing Nobu's omakase to Morimoto's omakase, I think Morimoto win hands down, in terms of decor, service, taste and presentation.
5	If you are in Vegas and  you want to have great sushi in a fantastic hip spot, then head to the Hard Rock Hotel and go to Nobu's Sure the Sushi is over priced and everyone is there to be seen, but that is what Vegas is all about. The Sushi is fantastic and consider the higher prices as a cost of entertainment.
3	After being seated, our table was presented a single drink menu, and left alone for fifteen minutes. Our waiter seemed a little miffed when he asked what we were going to start with to drink and i told him that we'd like to see food menus. I found it presumptuous and manipulative to leave us with a drink menu and that much free time. We are in Vegas, I know, but when you're willing to pay for a nice meal, I expect a little more tact on behalf of the servers.Our waiter was also very quick to tell us how he thought we should move through the menu, all the while, mispronouncing common Japanese dishes.We tried a number of different dishes and rolls from the blue fin toro to spicy scallops, freshwater eel, albacore, and yellowtail with jalapenos. Everything was... good. Not impressive, certainly not memorable... just good.The interior of this location was bland. One of my co-workers mentioned that the decoration on the walls looked like large ironing boards, which was a fair assessment. The main dining area was too bright for a comfortable dinner, and had us sitting around the kind of small, wood topped table you might find yourself at while having lunch at your favorite sandwich shop.The banana cake with sour cream ice cream was a high note, although the spoonful of ice cream that they tried to pass off as a scoop made me feel like I was caught in a scene from American Psycho. For all the noise I heard about Nobu being something special, I left feeling uninspired, and with a reminder to myself why finding those one of a kind, family run Japanese restaurants is such a treat.
3	Admittedly, I'm not a sushi fiend so keep that in mind.  Enjoyed the atmosphere...  Enjoyed the drinks...  Lychee Martini, Blueberry Mojito, and hot saki...  And the food was good.  What I liked the most was the California rolls and ebi, but I've had just as good at much cheaper prices...  In the end, your paying through the nose for the atmosphere and pretty good (but not amazing) food.  Probably won't go back, but if you love sushi,  give it a try.
3	If it were only about the sushi, Nobu would get 5 stars from me. But, I knock off 2 stars for service. We walked in on a Saturday night and got seats at the sushi bar, which is the place to be. We went with our sushi chef's suggestions, which were Nobu's house specialties, including "new-style sashimi." These consist of the best fish, sashimi style, with delicate sauces and garnishes: yellowtail with jalapeno, live octopus with a Peruvian chili paste, whitefish and salmon with ponzu sauce, tuna with miso-mustard sauce. Everything was first-class, including the Junmai Daiginjo sake.Then, I ordered the bento box chocolate cake dessert. We were told it would take 8 minutes to cook. No problem - our bellies were happily full of sashimi. 20 minutes later, however, still no dessert, and we finally were able to flag someone down to check on it. Another ten minutes went by. Our waiter then came out to tell us there was a mixup in the kitchen and our cake went to another table. He tried to give us a plateful of mochi ice cream to tide us over - this didn't go over well, as the last thing we wanted was to eat a plateful of mochi ice cream and then a chocolate cake. Another ten minutes or so, the dessert came out. It was excellent, but frankly wasn't worth waiting over half an hour for. We ask ed for the check while still eating...took another ten minutes...gave the credit card and another ten minutes went by...waiter came out to tell us the credit card isn't clearing and do we want to give another card? By this point, well over an hour had gone by since dessert was ordered and we just wanted to leave already. When our check finally arrived, they did charge us for the dessert that took over 30 minutes to arrive at our table. When I mentioned this to the server, he took it right off the bill. But I was miffed that I even had to ask - the right thing to do would have been to take it off in the first place.Too bad, since up until we ordered dessert we were very pleased with the sushi our wonderful chef served us. Even for a Saturday night in Vegas, the service was unacceptably unresponsive for such a high-end restaurant.
5	Nobu is my favorite sushi place.  If you want traditional, delicious, fresh top of the line quality sushi, and don't mind spending the money, this is the place for you.  I have been to this Nobu more than ten times and I've loved it every time.  Im never afraid to order the more unusual items such as uni and ikura here, b/c i know it will be fresh and delicious every time.  If youre looking for crazy inventive, huge, fish on top of the roll sushi, and inexpensive, this is not the place for you.  The hot items on the menu are equally delicious.
5	I adore Nobu! I go there every time I'm in Vegas!It is pricey, I spent $300 for dinner for two this past trip.....but it is sooooo worth it. My picks: -Hamachi w/ jalapenos-"live" octopus-Tiradito "live" scallop-Black cod with miso-kobe beef (try tataki style)-Bento box (chocolate cake with green tea ice cream)Though honestly, I've never had anything bad there. And try the Nobu brand beer (made exclusively for them), I'm not a big beer drinker but it pairs really, really well with the food. The waiters are always excellent. They know the entire menu, so feel free to ask them for recommendations. If you have to pick one nice, expensive dinner in Vegas.....definitely pick Nobu.
4	It was a hit-and-miss experience at Nobu in Vegas.Hits: Mixed seafood ceviche, sweet shrimps - new style sashimi, kumamoto oysters with Nobu sauce, Nobu style lobster tacos, Bluefin tuna tartar with caviar, and tiradito scallops.Misses: Black cod with miso, house special deluxe roll, fried mai with sweet butter sauce.Personal favorites are Bluefin tuna tartar and sweet shrimps - new  style sashimi. Presentation and tastes of these two plates are superb and I have never had before. You will be craving for more after you finish the tuna tartar, which are sized like your pinky; you will keep sucking the shrimp tails to get the last piece out.The reason of my miss experience is that we trusted the waiter's recommendations and ordered the cooked food. To be honest, I strongly advise everyone to stay away from the cook food. If you want to be full, go across the street and get a burger after. This place is pricey and you definitely like to spend your money wisely on the right stuff.P.S. I have not had the opportunity to have hamachi jalapeno and cannot offer any comment. However, I know a place in San Francisco offers a very similar dish and it was quite good, if not great.
4	I love Nobu, although I shouldn't.  The food is just SO good that you have to forgive rude service and ridiculous prices.  Truthfully, the service hasn't always been rude, but I have had two experiences that were less that desirable during the last five times I went.Let's knock out the negatives really quickly.  Once, they lost my reservation.  No big deal, but they acted like they were doing me a favor by providing a table 45 minutes later.  Whatever.  The other thing was pretty funny actually.  Some people would be bothered by this, but I laughed.  Once, I took a client who had a bit too much to drink, I guess.  When we were seated, he was looking at the chopsticks that were balancing against a rock and asked the waitress if the rock was intended as a tool to get her attention.  She didn't laugh.  Instead, she chose to tell our entire table, "Not unless you want me to spit in your food."  Not too professional for such a highly regarded restaurant, but then again he was being a dumbass.On to the food.  Yes, it is amazing.  No, I cannot tell you why.  Everything I have ever tasted here was exceptional.  The price is the only negative.  The toro nigiri is to die for even at $20 a piece, or whatever it was.  I once ordered three Kobe beef appetizers for a group.  I guess I should have asked the price first because they were $180 each!  Good news is that they were delicious and expensed.  I also recall having some tasty sea bass here.  Nothing has ever disapponted.The location is inside of the Hard Rock Hotel.  It isn't very large, so be sure to have a reservation in advance.  Sitting at the sushi bar is also a fun experience, which I definitely recommend at least once.
3	My first visit to a Nobu outpost was about 5 years ago at Nobu Next Door in New York City.  At that point I was still evolving into the foodie that I am today, and for some reason, I absolutely loved the hot spot.  The food was innovative; the atmosphere was exclusive; and snagging a table was a super-heroic feat.  In the years that have passed since, Nobu has expanded, and I have also eaten at their Nobu 57 in Manhattan and the Vegas location.  As food culture and my passion for it have evolved, so has my dislike of Nobu.  This chain has lost its unique luster, and the quality of the dishes has become a mixed bag.  While some hot and cold courses are better than others, almost anything beats their sushi, which tastes like something ordered from a supermarket's counter.  My sushi-fanatic friend and I recently booked a trip to Vegas, and her sister had insisted that she try Nobu.  I knew that my friend was focused on it, so I went along with the recommendation, though I knew better.  We wound up heading there on our first evening, which at least paved the way for better and better meals as the vacation progressed.Our reservation enabled us to get a table at the crowded spot, and we were immediately seated at a prime location in the center of the dining room.  My friend ordered a glass of sangria, while I opted for a fruity martini, which was so horrifically sweet that I needed to exchange it for a basic glass of Sauvignon Blanc.  The wine also turned out to be very acidic and not at all similar to the waiter's description.In terms of the food, we started with two appetizers.  A tiny mound of cool, fresh Salmon Tartare was immersed in a small bowl of fragrant miso oil and topped with a generous helping of salty Caviar.  I am very picky about my tartare, judging it by the amount or lack of flavor it exudes.  This particular version was surprisingly well-seasoned and delicious.  We also sampled one of my favorites - the Rock Shrimp Tempura with Spicy Sauce.  The succulent fried balls of rock shrimp melted in our mouths, and the spicy mayo sauce added a creamy kick. My friend stayed firm on our ordering sushi, so we requested the fusion-style House Special Roll and the Spicy Scallop Roll.  The spicy scallop one was pretty flavorful, but their house blend, which included several kinds of fish, had zero taste.  We actually sent it back and did not even bother to order a replacement.Unfortunately, I think this restaurant has lost its pizazz, and my friend was not impressed either.  I would really only recommend it for its non-sushi menu items, but even those are inconsistent.
4	Ok, it's cheesy of me writing the 278th review of this place, but it really is worth it. If you like sushi and unique infused vodka and shots, this is a wonderful place for respite while in Vegas. We went her on the bachelorette party, all loved their food, staff bought us a round, decor was chic! A great experience.
4	Agree with other reviews. Sushi and rolls were amazing because the fish is so fresh.  The special dishes that we got were expensive and okay. I would stick with sushi and rolls. Service was okay; I think our waitress was new.
5	Black Cod Miso, Black Cod Miso, Black Cod Miso that is all you really need to know. We also had yellowtail shashimi with jalapenos which was very good as well. However, nothing touches the Black Cod Miso. Cons - The place is very loud. Hard Rock Hotel is the loudest hotel/casino in all of Vegas so it is a bit of a given that a place inside would be loud as well. The staff is a bit ridiculous but we just chalked it up to that being part of the show. The staff will try and strong arm you into letting them order for you. Just stand your ground and go for what you want. Also, they will offer you an $11 bottle of Fiji water right off the bat. Smile and refuse and get some free tap water instead.Pros - have I mentioned the Black Cod Miso? The best thing I have ever had pass my lips. The people watching is top notch really every meal on a Vegas vacation should be a dinner and a show. The show at Nobu is one of the best. With the spouse swapping to my left and the wrestling over who picked up the check to my 1 o'clock (no kidding a half nelson and a headlock/nuggie was used) I was laughing a majority of the time. Some people should not have saki. The food is the main reason this place rocks as, it should be. Everything else is just a distraction.
3	I'm sorry I have to drop their average number of stars for Nobu, well at least the one in Las Vegas.  I had high hopes for this place after dining at the one in Hawaii.  Total change of scenery here.  Very Loud and casual.  I should have known being that its in the Hard Rock Cafe, but I thought people would step it up here.  Had to knock off a star just for ambiance, & price (i dont mind paying high prices, but I expect a total experience for the price I pay)  Had to knock off a star for the food.  The Black cod with Miso was good but my was a little slimy and quite a couple of bones I had to pick out. For the price and caliber Nobu touts to be there should be no bones.The glass of wine we got tasted old also.    Luckily the Yellowtail sashimi w Jalepeno was still the highlight.  Not a place to get full at, expect to pay a lot, skip the edamame and bottled water, that'll add about 20 more to your bill....
5	One word: DELICIOUS.Honestly, what more can I say that hasn't already been said.  Go. It's incredible. Fresh. Delicious. Amazing. I left full and very, very happy. :)
5	I still think about the miso glazed cod, day and night...   it was love at first bite.Our amazing dinner was planned by a girl who knows one of the chefs at Nobu.  So in addition to the delicious food, we got a fat discount as well, making the experience all the more lovely.The first 3 courses were top notch sashimi--- hamachi, albocore, salmon and bonito.  Needless to say, every bite was heavenly.  The dinner then progressed with the legendary miso cod (orgasmic), a whole fish deep fried and drizzled in cream (quite a presentation at the table), sauteed mushrooms, and a platter of sushi.  Every dish wowed me.  Then came the finale: The dessert plate.  White chocolate cigars (white chocolate wrapped in wonton skin and deep fried), coconut sorbet, dark chocolate warm cake (and more yummy sweets I can't remember now)...   It was so decadent and satisfying and absolutely Vegas.
4	Well, I have tried many Japanese restaurants, I have also tried 'other' Nobus. The one in Las Vegas was simply not as good as the ones in California. Perhaps the fishes need to be shipped to a very dry desert and deteriorate during the transit. That being said, Nobu is one if not the best Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas.
5	I spent a week in Las Vegas at the Hard Rock Hotel for NYE this year. It was not my first visit to Nobu, so we were very much looking forward to a meal there.As always, it was fantastic. The cucumber martini was so very refreshing I am still craving it. The yellow tail sashimi with jalapeno has the best citrus soy sauce - we actually came back & got a drink & this dish again before we went out another night because it was so good & light. We also had the lobster tacos which were great.For hot dishes, we had the rock shrimp tempura with ponzu sauce and the black cod with miso. Can you say melt in your mouth? This is the reason I return to Nobu again & again.
4	Open late for dinner! Yay!Lemme start off with saying that I *did* like my food. But I am really getting sick of this fusion "new sashimi" crap. I know a lot of people like it. But a sashimi purist such as myself follows the, "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" regime. However, new sashimi I tried and it was far from bad. I think it was a seared tuna something in ponzu sauce. I'm going to round up on my stars because it did force me to step outside my box and try something new. Oysters were quite steep. $15 for three kumomoto oysters. My date didn't think that was steep at all; but them Manhattan boys don't love the dollar oyster nights that we love in the Bay Area.Impressive, but expensive sake list. I didn't partake. And I wouldn't unless date wanted some too. Again, the prices didn't raise his eyebrows. My story about the bottomless sake at Coach in Oakland very much raised his eyebrows.Food was as expensive as I would expect considering it was a sushi place in Vegas. But, hey, not like I paid, right? A conversation comparing sushi experiences in California to New York was certainly the most priceless part of the experience.
4	The only decent place inside HR.  A forewarning though it's pricey. The tab runs high and quick, but it's Vegas and everything on the strip is a splurge. The sashimi plate was delicious! Fresh , fresh , fresh. The robata grill also offers bite sized appetizer and kabobs. The atmosphere is designed to look tranquil and down to earth - this is not a let's get drunk and rowdy type of place. But I'm sure they wouldn't mind a sake bomb or two. Good place for a date.
3	I can't say I am really a fan. This was a restaurant I wanted to try because of the namesake in NYC. I haven't been to the one in NYC and because I live in SF, I probably will not be going anytime soon. Anyhow, back to Vegas. We have many fine sushi restaurants in the Bay Area and I don't think Nobu is anything special. I mean the food was good and innovative, but at what price? You are talking about twice as expensive as Gary Danko? Try once for the hype and satisfy your curiosity. Go to the west coast for great sushi at a much better price.
5	Ok, so if you know me, you know i love NOBU!It is a small place, the wait staff all look like rock stars, even if they are faking sexy accents (I swear the last waiter I had went from Spanish to Brazilian to Puerto Rican throughout the course of the meal, but he was hot, so I didnt mind) anyway, as I said about the Malibu Location and the San Diego Location and the LA Location.. my recommendations are:    * NoBu Ceviche Tacos    * Yellowfin Tuna With Spicy Miso Chips    * Yellow Tail Sashimi with Jalapenoand pair with Conundrum if they have it... or sake.. YUM
5	I love this place.  Came here on my Bacheloratte weekend, yep!  we did the whole weekend at the Hard Rock!  We had the Omakase, everything was DELICIOUS!  The best's gotta be the Toro Tartar with Caviar!  Also the miso black cod!  We ended up ordering extra orders of the cod.I've been to the one in Malibu, but my experience here in Vegas was a much pleasant one.  Maybe because it's VEGAS BABY...
3	I don't know if it was because of what we ordered, but I was not impressed. I eat a lot of sushi normally so I've had a lot of good sushi and some bad sushi. Nobu is a very well known restaurant but I didn't think it was that great. It was just good. It definitely was a bit pricey, but I understand it's Vegas. However, even at normal prices, it still wouldn't have impressed. Maybe next time I'll order other items. I will give it one more try.
3	The hype about the Miso Black Cod is true.  Tasty.  Melts in the mouth.  $23 for it is reasonable.  However the Blue Fin toro with caviar is not worth $32.  It was good but the price is a little over the top. Check attached photo.  I love the sea urchin and eel but then again I really love sea urchin and eel regardless where I eat them.  Our waiter is always disappearing. The busser was more attentive than our waiter.  The experience was just okay for me I guess.  It just makes me appreciate other jap restaurants owned by japanese with japanese waiters more.
4	super yummy.  definitely go with the omakase dinner.  you won't be disappointed.  the sake sampler was nice too.  the best part was the kobe steak that came out on the flamin' rocks.  felt it was slightly overpriced (hence the minus 1 star).  i'd still come back.
3	I ate here for a business dinner and sat at one of the tables but ordered omakase from the sushi bar.My colleagues and I went big and went with $150 a person so we had high expectations...I will try my best to remember everything that came out...(not in order)The first dish was a salmon trout sahimi with ikura eggs inside.  The fish had some chewy veins in it, and there wasn't any type of sauce on it - I guess we were supposed to enjoy the 2 components together.There was a dish of fatty tuna (otoro) on top of a rock salt.  This was unique and the fish was meltythere was a miso soup type dish that came out that used delicious dashi broth - anyone who understands umami would've enjoyed thiskobe beef with special mayo sauce was good, but nothing spectacularscallops in a green guacamole sauce was edible, but the balance wasn't completely therekanpachi with ponzu sauce and jalapeno was good too but trendyin the end, a full platter of sushi came with the trademark "Nobu" mark on the egg sushi - this was perhaps the most dissapointing.  The fish tasted bland, the rice was somewhat hardened like it was sitting out for a while, and I really would've liked to end the night on a high note but this last platter of mediocre sushi ended the night on a low noteand the bill at the end was not a pretty sight...I probably will not go back to Nobu again unless it's free.  I was just expecting so much more because of all the hype.  however on the plus side the service is excellent - the servers are all very attentive.  and the atmosphere, being inside the Hard Rock Hotel, is hip and lively.
4	Great place! the food was  good,and so was the saki. The deep fried whole fish with the sauted vegies was awsome. Some of the fish for the sushi i don't think it was that fresh.(being a chef helps knowing whats good or not). The prices were on the very high side. Hope they give bigger portions.
4	Sushi in the Vegas Desert? Oh, yeah & worth the inland gamble! San Francisco has made me a bonafide sushi snob & my elitist attitude usually precludes raw fish in non seaside cities. But c'mon...it's Nobu! Great location in the Hardrock & I like the funky space. Initially planned to try the omasake, always a fan of chef's choice, but $100+ price per person was way out of our party of 8's budget. We settled for delectable selection of other treats. Peppers lightly sauteed and topped with sea salt & lobster tacos were big hits & additions to traditional sashimi & nigiri. Better make sure you hit the blackjack table & win big before dining at Nobu...big name sushi comes with big bill...great sushi & fun atmosphere makes Nobu-Vegas worth the gamble!
4	we had a group of 17 for dinner here (yes, 17 ppl!) and they did a set menu for about ~$100 a person.  It was quite good and there were definitely 2 or 3 dishes that were very memorable but the rest were good but not amazing.  Great service, very accomodating, and overall really fun and tasty experience.
4	The food here was AMAZING! We've heard about Nobu from a friend of ours and decided to have our Valentines dinner here. Our waiter suggested 4-5 dishes for the both of us. So, we ordered the monk fish liver with caviar, tuna sashimi, salmon tartar, black cod with miso, uni and an order of the soft shell crab roll for the fiance who doesn't enjoy much raw dishes. The food and not to mention the presentation was incredible. We enjoyed each and every dish. For dessert, we picked the Bento Box which includes warm Valrhona chocolate souffle cake, shiso syrup, white chocolate sauce and green tea ice cream MmmmmMMmmmmmm. I'm so ready to go back and try more dishes on their menu.
5	i've been dying to try out nobu and matsuhisa in LA for the longest time, but the thought of making a drive that far just for sushi just couldn't be justified...until now. Nobu is actually a japanese fusion restaurant, so for all of you purest out there, this is not your dining of choice.now for the food...the ingredients are what make japanese food such a delicacy. And when it comes to seafood, especially sashimi, if your stock isn't fresh, i can taste it. that said, we decided to stuff our faces for the true nobu experience. *the YK50 is a semi-dry and rather sweet sake that was super light*shishito peppers - grilled peppers w/ an extremely simple miso sauce w/ toasted sesame*tuna tataki. great sauce, perfect w/ the daikon and garlic chips.*kumamoto oysters. not the best i've had, the sauces actually took away from the natural sweetness of this variety of oyster.*yellowtail sashimi w/ jalapenos. probably my favorite of the meal. extremely simple sauce w/ a spicy bite. my mouth is salivating just thinking about it :p*sashimi salad. we got a tuna/hamachi mix instead. it had a delicious miso dressing on a medley spring mix*amai ebi. it was a little oily this time, but the shrimp was ridiculously fresh.*crunchy roll w/ king crab. probably my least favorite of the night. it was creative though with the crunch topping that gave a nice twist on the typical roll.*tempura plate. the vegetables were so sweet, it didn't even require the tentsuyu (tempura sauce)*fried shrimp w/ butter ponzu sauce. butter and ponzu is an amazing combination. so its not typical japanese but definitely try this one if you get a chance. i do believe i've never truly experienced a food coma until tonight.
2	Before the concert started at the Hard Rock, I had enough time to sit down and have a fabulous dinner. At first I thought that steak might be a good idea, but I love Asian food and wanted a great experience. My boyfriend and I walked into Nobu, a Japanese restaurant. For our first time there, we decided to ask for assistance with the menu, and chose several things from each part.Their menu is broken up by sushi, cold, hot and specialties. We decided to go with a little bit of everything.Our favorite was the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno, and the crab tempura with their special sauce. Their tempura shrimp and vegetables were great also.Overall, for the price of 266 dollars for two people to eat out of a tasting menu, it was a great experience. I can't say much about their food because I have to say that I've eaten better tempura at our local asian restaurant, Well Being in the Box.Although their tempura was okay (it was too soft and not crispy at all), their sushi was as close to the Guam experience as we could get. It was sweet, done perfect, and the sauces were impeccable.I honestly didn't feel that their tempura was worth the 200 dollar ticket. That was majority of our bill. I do believe that their signature bento box dessert was worth 14 dollars. It was creamy, a perfect souffle, and their green tea ice cream was just like home.If you want something other than tempura for your experience at Nobu, it's worth the price tag and the trip. For myself, a good Japanese restaurant serves light, crispy, and fluffy tempura the way I've had it in Japan and on Guam from top Japanese chefs. However, this was not the case, unfortunately.I give this restaurant my personal 3/5 stars.
2	i don't know about the ny or la counterparts, but......nobu LV must be the biggest scam in the history of fine dining.  i really wanted to like it because i didn't want to seem like a hater but seriously the decor is so uninspired (surfboards, bamboo, modern-classic clash) and the wait staff doesn't have the same refined elegance or grace as comparably priced restaurants.  just cuz you put on a black t-shirt and black slacks doesn't make it chic and modern -- unless you're steve jobs.we had the yellowtail jalapeno which was genius -- at least for the accountants.  the live scallop was sour and spicy but just too much of each.  the moi new sashimi special could have been any fish.  the miso cod was tasty and one of the highlights, but was served lukewarm.  the uni tempura dish was also pretty good but you only get 1 piece of uni.  the bento box and yuzu wasabi desserts were ok too.would i dine there if the food was 1/3 the price?  sure.  i just felt like i was getting duped and i wanted to scream out the king ain't wearing any clothes you idiots.  but then i realized between the loud noise of hard rock and the drunken stupor of the crowd , my efforts would be moot.
3	Holy small restaurant. I was shocked at the size of Hard Rock Hotel and Nobu considering how big everything is in Vegas. I decided to sit at the sushi bar since the "dining room" was directly next to it. The sushi chefs were great conversation and they had great cuts of sashimi (which is important to me). Nobu LV felt more like a quicky place to get sushi. The motif of modern surfing really didn't strike me as Nobu like (I've been to the one in Miami and liked it better).
4	Was looking forward to a visit to the Las Vegas location of Nobu. We were disappointed with the decor, which is fairly decent modern with Asian flair, but lacking from the La Cienega location. It's also quite noisy during busy times so be prepared to either sit very close to your dining companions or speak LOUDER than normal. The service here was impeccable. Our server was very knowledgeable and courses arrived exactly on schedule. Dishes, once finished, promptly removed. The only disappointment I noticed was a difference in menu prices than the other locations, but expect the same food. We opted for omakase and it was definitely worth it. A much better choice than ordering a la carte. I'd go back for a fun, casual dinner, but don't expect a serene ambiance. It's fairly lively inside.
5	Just went back recently...glad this place is not closer...i would be here everyday!
3	I wish I could give this place 2 1/2 stars. I think that's more fitting. I've been there twice and the first time I had a pretty good experience. I went with a couple of girl friends, and we took our time, ordered several different things, and even had a birthday dessert brought to us. I remember our waitress being EXCELLENT and I don't recall it being crowded or noisy. This past weekend, I went again, and things were a bit different. The sushi we ordered was not much better than cheaper places I've been and definitely not my favorite. I don't see where it was worth all the hype. If you're looking to try something new and out of the box, I think this is a good place to do it but if you're a fan of the traditional sushi that you can find anywhere, this is probably not the place. This will most likely be the last time I go to Nobu...not because I HATED the food, but because I really dislike the clientele. Too many snooty drunk people, talking way too loudly. I couldn't even have a conversation with my friends. The waiter had a very heavy accent which made it near impossible to understand what he was saying. Not really his fault, but because of the loud groups of people nearby, it was pretty unbearable. Like my friend said, it was just "ok." I was expecting more and walked away more annoyed than anything.
3	Ok, I'm a sushi snob. I admit it.bThe setting in this place is too loud. Food was ok.We went for the omokase dinner - which starts at $100/person. This was a sponsored dinner, so these comments are void of any financial influence.Tuna tartare on a lotus root chip. Decent - tuna was ok, not too fatty. The chip had some kick to it.Back to back sashimi dishes. Boring. Fish was ok, but smothered in ponzu. Squid and mushrooms - quite tasty. Squid perfectly cooked. Earthiness to the shrooms.Lettuce cups with miso cod and grilled scallop. The best dish of the night.Some kind of spicy rock shrimp with a mayo dressing on top of a bed of greens. It wasn't bad, but not quite what I wanted. The greens were good.Steak - not Kobe, but damned good. Heavily seasoned.Finished with Calif roll and spicy tuna roll? Are you kidding me?Beer and sake flowed; service was good. I ate here many years ago and the service was so bad, but this time they did well. We had fun as it was a group that hadn't been together in a long time and as I said I didn't pay, but I would say for the money, there is better food in Vegas and better sushi in many places. If I had paid for this dinner, I would probably have knocked off a full star.
5	Yup, this is how a nouveau-sushi bar is supposed to be.  Fantastically-fresh fish, creative menu twists to go with old stand-bys and top, top service from the men with the magic rice.
5	Ate at Nobu in vegas last night and what an amazing experience we had.  We had the omakase experience, started with cold dishes to warm entree to heavy appetizer and finished off with a few of their special desserts.  Starters: japanese red snapper sashimi with dried miso, olive oil and yuzu; red snapper sashimi with jalapeno and cilantro; scallops and black cod miso lettuce wraps; pink snapper with pineapple and tomatoes. For warm dishes: Chilean Sea Bass with some crust and tenderloin beef braised with nobu sauce on a bed of south american yam; shrimp tempura presented in 3 different sauces.  To finish off the meal, chelf sent a platter of 4 special desserts.  Always make room for dessert!!!
4	Overly priced, but if you've just hit gold at the tables, it's worth a try. Go big or go home, so do the tasting menu, otherwise you're missing out. The fish is FRESH and the flavors are well put together. Get reservations, for sure. Expect to drop $100 for the tasting if you do the smaller of the tastings.
5	This was my first of many trips to Nobu restaurants. The hot and cold dishes are very good and innovative. I could pass on the sushi there as I find it to not be up to par for their prices. My favorite dish there is the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno. So simple yet so delicious. The miso cod is also delicious but everyone does that dish. Also try their Matsuhisa martini. It has ginger and cucumber infused vodka and is very refreshing.I secretely made it my goal to eat at every Nobu worlwide. They need to stop opening new ones because I'm falling behind.
2	I was really hoping to like this place.  I know it's popular in LA and have never been so we were walking by in the Hard Rock and looking for a place to have dinner and thought why not.  We were seated right away in the lounge area so that was good.  There were 3 of us dinng...our waitress didn't write anything down and I may have jinxed her when I asked if she was going to remember all of it because she forgot what my husband ordered.  She was friendly enough but service was slow.  They brought out all our food and it was pretty boring.  I ordered the Shrimp Tempura hand roll and it wasn't rolled well and was basically just rice with a shrimp tempura and a tiny bit of sauce.  I ordered Albacore sushi and it was not that great...albacores my favorite.  The salmon sashimi was okay.  I'd definitely say this place is overpriced for what you get.  After we were done eating, the waitress brought us another order of everything we had just eaten and said the kitchen messed up and we could have this food for free.  That was cool but since the food wasn't that great, we weren't too thrilled.  The tables in the lounge area are too short...my husband was too tall to sit at them so he sat on the booth side instead of the chairs...wierd.
5	Another wonderful iteration of Nobu. Having had this before at their Honolulu location I had high expectations for this Vegas experience. And I was not let down. Although Nobu is famous for their sushi I actually forwent having any and instead went for their superior and more unique hot and cold dishes. One constant stand out that I have had before is their blackened cod in butter lettuce cups. The varying textures and tastes are a perfect pairing. If you go you must ask for this as it is not on their menu. I also had the tempura fried rock shrimp in the creamy spicy sauce and again it was perfect, yummy, wow. For dessert we had the mochi ice cream. And as you can read in my review of Bubbies in Honolulu it probably would've been just as good or better to have gone to Whole Foods afterwards and picked some up. Still is was very good but not Bubbies.My only criticism is that this high style establishment is located in the Hard Rock. Kinda feels a little out of place but either way anytime I'm back in Vegas I will undoubtably be back.
2	If you want to go somewhere that you can brag about to your clueless friends back home, feel free to go to Nobu.  We got the chef's special menu, which was a sampling of their most popular dishes, and it was well over $100 a head.  I had to stop at In-N-Out on the way home because I was still starving.  None of the food was bad, it was just tiny and costs about 5 times what it should have.  I take back my first sentence.  If you want to go somewhere to brag about, skip Nobu and head to Tao.  At least I was full after that over-priced meal.
3	The universe isn't so complex.  There is always something simple that governs how everything works.  Think of a really good song. It will start subtly, build up anticipation, then rock you with the chorus, keep you there for a while, and slowly let you down.  This is true of any good thing, a good book, a good time, a good movie, and life if you do it all right.  If you understand this principle, then the same is applicable with a good meal.  I made the mistake ordering the Chef's Choice during my one and last visit to Nobu on one of my many excursions to Vegas.  The anticipation of eating here is enough with all the effort required just to get in the door of this place.  When you do walk in, you will be dazzled.  Everything is beautiful here, the paint on the walls, the sculptures you'll pass on your way to being seated, the kitchen, the staff, and even the patrons.  And when you finally do get your first course, you will feel as if you just might be taken to a place you have never been before.  It is so good.  But then the rest of the meal just doesn't follow the principle mentioned above.  The order of things was wrong.  Some courses didn't build on the last.  By the time you finish the last course, you can't remember the first.  Because taken as a whole the meal is forgettable.  Now my friends that ordered entrees coupled with various sushi plates, their meals were wonderful.  But it is a big disappointment especially since the Chef's Choice is Nobu's flagship dish and most expensive item.  You are ultimately left with an empty experience afterwards.  Which is the case with the whole experience at Nobu.  It ended up being empty which had a lot to do with the content of my stomach after the meal.  As it too was empty.  I can see where Nobu get's its reputation.  You'll be able to see this too when you walk into this place.  But you will also be able to see that a lot of that is due to style and has little to do with sustenance (pun intended).
5	I've been to Nobu Vegas two or three times, all were fantastic. In each case we had great staff that helped us pick dishes or simply brought what they recommended and the results were off the charts good. These guys have a huge menu and a ton of stuff to offer that isn't printed on the menu, I really think the best way to do Nobu is turning it over to your server to make recommendations. My crew is pretty adventurous eaters although there are limits, that lets us try just about anything. If you are more conservative about seafood and sushi I think it will be hard to get much out of Nobu.And yes, it is crazy expensive. Crazy. There are lots more affordable meals in Vegas and probably at the Hard Rock itself. There are lots of better price performers in Vegas. Nobu is great and it is expensive. But isn't total excess exactly what you are looking for and why you are reading this review for your trip to Vegas? If it isn't, there are lots of alternatives.
4	Every detail was covered, from a rich broth of miso soup with clams to lovely service from a friendly server. He was really informative and helped us pick through the menu. The interior is contemporary Japanese and beautiful. And the food was fantastic.We had a tasty hamachi sashimi with jalapeno slices. I've had this dish at other places but Nobu slices the jalapenos paper thin and dresses the fish in a fantastic sauce. Their rendition also includes a cilantro leaf and I'm a huge fan of the herb. Great balance of flavors and quality of fish.Tuna sashimi salad. This is a mountain of crisp salad with the sashimi draped around the base. It's a little technically difficult to eat because I wasn't sure how to get it all in one bite. But the salad was delicious and the tuna was, of course, amazing.Blue fin toro with caviar. I think toro needs to be eaten as sashimi/nirigi or over rice as chirashi. Mincing it up seems wrong.And the highlight was the lobster spiced dish with seven spices and liberal amounts of clarified butter. Holy Gawd!! This was fantastic!! It was an explosion of flavors in your mouth and utterly, indescribably delicious. They split the lobster lengthwise in half, cook the meat in large chunks, and then place it back into the shell. It makes for a beautiful presentation yet the tender chunks of meat are easy to remove and eat.Interestingly, I've been to other Nobu restaurants and the menu is strikingly similar. I don't know why, but that seems odd.
5	As a vegetarian, I'm often very wary of Japanese restaurants.  Don't get me wrong - I love sushi - but don't eat fish.Part of a vacation, a good friend (a meat-eater and self-denied foodie) found this place as our go to for a serious Las Vegas food experience.  He had lived in NYC and eaten at that location - and knew that the Hard Rock location had a lot to live up to.  It didn't let either of us down.In fact, it was so good, that even at $100 per person we seriously considered going back the next night.It's been some time, so in all fairness I'm having trouble remembering the specific ingredients in the dishes, but know that each course was a sensory experience.  Some were for touch, some for smell, most for sight, some for sound, and ALL for taste.  The flavors were incredible - hitting many of the core flavors in every single bite.  Sweet, salt, spice, hot, cold, acidic, creamy - just writing this makes me want to jump on a plane tonight to try to catch the last seating.  And the sake!  Oh, the sake :)If I were to knock off even 1 star, it'd be because it's a little ways off the strip - at the Hard Rock.  So if you're totally strip-centric, maybe not your best bet.  It also felt a little cold - we definitely were not seated at the most comfortable table, but none looked uber posh.  And of the 6 courses I was served, one felt sub par.But believe me - the level of service, the quality of ingredients and the expert preparation made this one of the top 3 meals in my life.
2	This place did not live up to the hype at all.  Over priced average sushi at best.  The took advantage of the table by suggesting every over priced item on the menu and bringing them out even when they were not ordered.  Poor customer attention, typical vegas take advantage position.  One thing I enjoyed was the whole fish it was great but $100?  really?
4	I loved the food here! The portions are served family style, so my group split several dishes. Everything I sampled was amazing and delicious, perfectly cooked and/or seasoned. The things that stood out for me were the rock(?) shrimp and the yellowtail sashmi. The lychee sake I got was also super yummy. My only suggestion is that if you do go, be aware that this place is pricey. It's worth the cost for the food & service, but in my opinion ONLY if you go with a small group of no more than 4 people. We had 8 people in our party, so by the time everything went around, I probably had a total of 5 bites of food all night. For $80. That kind of sucked.
5	Heaven on Earth!! Presentation, quality, outstanding service...it is no wonder Howard Stern hits and raves about the one in NYC (one of 3 versions)!
4	Let me start by saying, the food is absolutely delicious.  Everything my party of 6 at was fabulous and made my tastebuds do happy dances.  We had so many things, that I couldn't even tell you everything we tried.My major complaint - we let the server order.  It's great if you don't know what you want, but the guy ripped us off so badly we wanted to cry.  He saw a party of 6, instant gratuity on a check, and ordered us pretty much the most expensive things on the menu.  When we got the tab, we almost died out of shock, surprise, and instant regret.  I understand that the servers need to make money, but seriously - don't purposely rip your customers off.  I could hardly enjoy such a delicious meal after paying the bill.Such delicious food can be expensive, it's high quality and reputation can warrant high prices, so my complaint isn't in the cost of the food, it is instead of the ethics of this particular situation.  Not to say that every server here would do this, but to each his own I guess.
2	Forget the hype....your neighborhood sushi place in a strip mall is probably better.  Sure you don't get the Vegas scene, but you also probably get better service, similar quality and a whole lot more money in left your pocket.  The only brief star of the night was the hostess stand.  Friendly to a fault, they patiently waited for my entire party of 6 a full 30 minutes after the reservation time - and they didn't punish us with a poor table or attitude.  The server was fair - guests at my table had to ask who they had to bribe to get their beer delivered - but what do you expect on a Sunday night at 8pm.....hmmm.  BTW - this restaurant is so noisy you can barely hear people at your own table.  Good luck.
2	I've read about celebrities going to Nobu.  My friend talked about Nobu like it was a god of sorts.  When we found out we had a table waiting for us at Nobu, I was ready to go and feast myself on its delights.  We ordered: The miso black cod, salmon nigiri, a soft shell crab roll, the hamachi and jalapeno appetizer, the mushroom salad, a vegetarian cut roll, and the tiradito.  To drink I had the cucumber martini.  It was seriously one of the best drinks I have ever had.  It tasted like it was made with lychee vodka, and was smooth, refreshing and not too sweet.  Unfortunately our positive experience ended there.  After waiting an hour for our table, we had ordered about 15 cucumber martinis and was dying for some water.  We sat at our table and for 9 people, 2 drink menus were placed on the table and then we were ignored.  I glanced at the menus, waited.  Our waiter came by and I asked him for waters all around and food menus.  15 minutes go by.  We had no water, and no menus.  Finally, we're given 5 menus for 9 people, as he handed me the last menu, he left saying "We're a little short on menus."  We shared our menus and within 3 minutes he was back asking us what we were going to have.  We asked him for some suggestions, and he pretty much just brushed us off.  We finally ordered the hamachi and jalapenos.  Before I could order anything else, he rushes off.  The next time we saw him he is dropping of a plate of hamachi and jalapenos.  Pretty much the whole night, he just ran off with us halfway through ordering and as a result, we were unable to dine together.  I can only speak for the mushroom salad and vegetable cut roll.  The vegetable cut roll was pretty good, I mean, steamed vegetables, wrapped in a cucumber wrap, with a little ponzu sauce.  The mushroom salad was pretty gross.  The mushrooms were varied; trumpets, oysters, shiitake, enoki.  The sauce it was cooked in was sour and as a result made the mushrooms taste bad.  Everyone else thought the hamachi and jalapenos were pretty good, and they loved the miso black cod.  Everything else, however, they said was mediocre.  Mediocreness is ok, if it wasn't coupled with poor service and a $400+ bill.  When the bill came, we inquired about the drinks on the bill as we thought we had taken care of them all at the bar.  His response?  "No you didn't, but you can just take it out of my tip."  I secretly think that everybody raves about this place so much because they don't want to admit they spent that much money on a mediocre experience that you can get anywhere in San Francisco for a quarter of the price.  Overall verdict:  Skip it.  The atmosphere is not really that great, the food isn't really that great, and the service should not be called service.  The Pros: The cucumber martini was super good.
3	Yeah I get it.. Its Vegas, everything is overpriced and the restaurants have some of the best chefs in the business. Well, im a sushi fanatic, and I live in LA. I have found places like Sushi Joint in Glendale, and even the Wokcano chain in Burbank. Both offer, in my opinion some fantastic Sushi. Then comes the overpriced Nobu in the Hard Rock. Sure the presentation is nice, but when the waiter told me to eat cloves in between bites of the Yellowtail I was laughing in the inside. No eating cloves in between bites does NOT make the YellowTail taste any better than normal. You know what this place is, its above average Sushi that if you believe the nonsense, you might think this place is something amazing. But I thought the Sushi had a stronger fish taste than normal, and the dishes to be overpriced for the quality/quantity that was given. Its ok, its better thank ok.. but its not $150 for two people ok.We have amazing sushi in LA, so I wasn't impressed with Nobu.
3	Probably the best restaurant in the HRH, but very hot-and-cold.The Creamy Crab appetizer and Lotus chips were out of this world delicious.  The Molten cake desert = divine.  The Spicy tuna and Yellow-Tail & Jalapeno rolls were meh, definitely had A LOT better; the seaweed seemed a bit old and the rice was over cooked.The service there was the best I experienced in the HRH (next to the security, surprisingly awesome guys) and the atmosphere was also very nice.  I just love the concept though,  it is basically Asian cuisine meets Tapas.  Worth it if you are staying at the HRH;  not worth seeking out... except maybe for the cake :)
5	New style sashimi and washu beef are to die for. We also loved sea bass with dried miso.
3	We didn't eat a full-on meal there, just some snacks really before the night out -- so I might revise this later. The quality of the food was really high. However, there were not enough servers. I think I would have gotten faster service from the Pony Express. And all we wanted were some sake bombs. What's up with that?
5	Nobu in Vegas is the gold standard of sushi for me. The only place I've had that was better was O Ya in Boston. The service here is super friendly, I've sat at the bar, their sushi bar, and their tables. Don't be surprised to see a celebrity eating here. I sat next to a bunch of Yankees once.As far as the food goes, you can't go wrong with any of the sushi. My favorite dishes are the Rock Shrimp and Black Cod with Miso. Must go here f you're n Vegas.
5	I had sushi and sashimi that I never knew existed here.  Thank God the server knew what to recommend because by reading the menu, as a Nobu neophyte I had no idea what was good.  Yeah, I ended up dropping over $100 per person but I knew it was going to be expensive anyways so come with a fat wallet if you want to eat here.  I remember the Black Cod melting in my mouth and the exotic trout which shocked my tongue in a good way.  The Kobe beef was heavenly...  Just thinking about this meal has me wondering when I'll be in Vegas again.  Just don't order the regular sushi though, I heard it's good but it's probably something you can get at any decent sushi joint that you live near.  You have to get the "special" menu items.
5	So we had reservations for 930 on a Friday night and were seated immediately upon our arrival. The (almost all-male)staff were attentive, informative and friendly. Our meal:-Edamame with shaved seasalt-Sashimi yellowtail with miso and jalapeno (yummmmy, Bobby's favorite)-Black cod in lettuce cups with filo flakes (my favorite, so perfect)-Sashimi with garlic chips (little too salty)-Salmon sushi-Toro sushi (very tasty fish)-Dessert: edamame icecream atop a brownsugar brownie,Caramel sauce, and tiny sliver of decadent brittle...the icecream scoop was so tiny that we really couldn't taste the edamame. A super treat for sushi, but be prepared to spend money!!
5	If you wanna hang out with Carlos Santana , and have some great food, this is the place to go! Best thing to happen to a local like me in this economy is that you can get seats now and reservations without any problem at Nobu. And, they will even let tourists in as well with shorts and not wearing the normal smart casual attire that they used to enforce.Food - When you want to get away from the Americanized sushi rolls named after dragons, beaches and rainbows, come here to Nobu. Do not order anything. Simply tell the waiter  you want the chef to prepare a meal for you  and you tell them what you want. 100.00/ 150.00, you will be thoroughly surprised and you will be able to really taste what real sushi is, not the peanut butter and jam versions that are at every other sushi place. This is a great place, great atmosphere and a true dining experience for the palate. Just save up is all.
5	Maybe it's becuase I live in a state not known for it's seafood -- but Nobu consistently has the BEST sushi and fish I've ever eaten.     It is the first reservation I make when going to Las Vegas or Dallas for work.  Yep it's pricy but I have dreams about it -- it's that good !!   And i've even paused my television when I saw some psuedo celebs eating there on some reality tv show -- when they were eating my favorite things.The trick is really to just get the good stuff -- it's over the top fantastic but when I try new stuff it never quite lives up to the others ..1,  Yellowtail with Jalapeno -- get at least 2 orders -- I could eat 3-4 by myself if I really tried hard.2.  Black Cod with Miso -- either version (in lettuce cups or not)3.   Tuna Sashimi Salad -- yum !!!4.   Any other sushi -- but if you get rolls - I suggest you pay extra for rice paper instead of seaweed (did this cuz one friend is allergic to seaweed and it makes the fish stand out).5.  Rock Shrimp6.  Yellowtail with Jalapeno7.  Yellowtail with Jalapeno8.   Yellowtail with Jalapeno9.   Yellowtail with Jalapeno10.  Yellowtail with Jalapeno (Did you get it yet ???)And the service is always TOP NOTCH !!!    Attentive and knowledgeable ....   and the drinks are FANTASTIC TOO !It is a spendy dinner -- but in my opinion -- totally worth it !!!
4	I loved this place. The food was amazing. Everything they brought us was good. And they brought us ALOT so I feel like I sampled the entire menu. Our server Kim was so nice great. We told her what we were in the mood for and she brought us the perfect dishes. Why I didn't give this restaurant 5 stars... The decor and the price. Very simple in design and I wasn't quite convinced that the food (even with the amazing service) was worth the price. Still Nobu is a must try! I would definitely go back again... just maybe on someone else's dime next time. ;)
2	Cod was good as expected but other dishes paled in comparison to NYC. beef dumplings were not worth the high ticket price
5	Went there again and had the kobe on the hot rocks and this Y2K sake... yep, that's the way to go!
5	I can't believe it took so long for a foodie like me to eat at Nobu!  With plans to spend Labor Day in Vegas, I was thrilled with how easy it was to secure an 8pm reservation on the Saturday of a long weekend.  Economy or Vegas?  Boyfriend is a Nobu-phile (who isn't, once they've been?) and so insisted that we order the Yellowtail with Jalapeno and the kobe on hot rocks, but then gave our server latitude to bring us a few other raw dishes.  Every single thing I put in my mouth was outstanding.As noted by the legions of yelpers, the Yellowtail with Jalapeno blows you away--big, bright, fresh flavors that highlight, not mask, the fish.  Next out was snapper with breadcrumbs.  Similar to the yellowtail in that it featured fresh fish adorned simply with bold, savory flavors, but with a totally different flavor profile.The third, and final, cold dish was that day's special: toro served with arugula, a truffle oil-infused dressing and topped with fresh truffle shavings.  I was a bit nervous about this dish, having seen it on the menu, because I love truffles in theory but often find them cloyingly rich and heavy, with a sort of artificial after taste.  This dish induced giggles, it was so good (see Mastro's review for further discussion).  It also induced an epiphany: I dislike truffle oil for the exact reasons enumerated above but I LOVE fresh truffles.  They have all of the best parts of truffle oil (that intense earthy umami flavor) but without any of the fake, sickeningly denseness.  I know, I know: TOTAL white people problem.  Finally, it was on to the kobe beef on hot rocks.  Fun, interactive and tasty as hell.  Lots of sauces and spices to choose from, but our favorite was just sea salt and the Japanese seven spice.  Our waiter (excellent service, incidentally) brought us a 6 oz portion which we finished but couldn't have eaten any more of.  At $27/oz, that's a pricey little entree but definitely a splurge-worthy item if you're looking/able to splurge.We rounded things out with cocktails in lieu of wine and I definitely appreciated the relative speed with which the meal moved as we had a comedy show to get to that evening.  I left feeling sated, not stuffed, and already thinking about when I could back to Nobu for more.
2	Overrated! Really. I have to say it.
5	Very high end sushi fusion tapas place. Great place to celebrate a special something or to impress someone =0) The servers are nice and very helpful suggesting what is fresh and what pairs well. Great place to eat but can be very expensive. I highly recommend this place for special occasions! If your in Vegas and winning, this is one of the places to spend some of your winnings =0)
4	What can I say about Nobu that hasn't already been written? Asian Fusion done right.  So many other places will attempt the same ideas, but they can not execute it like the Nobu franchise can.Miso marinated Black Cod? Delicious.  Uni Tempura? YOU CAN FRY THAT? Toro tartar with Cavier? Ok... Stolen from Keller... Changed the salmon to Toro, but decedent none-the-less. Also, the best Mochi Ice cream I've had... Anywhere...
5	Came here with a fun group of friends and had the most delicious meal I have had in recent memory! Sake was a plenty and I loved the family style servings!  We all throughly enjoyed this experience.  Sad to say with the current economic situation I doubt I will be back soon, but I will definitely be back!!  Delicious, beautiful, good service (not great, but good), very pricey but worth every penny!  This is definitely a special occasion place.
3	This is a very trendy dining option for Japanese food. It is pricey, as all trendy restaurants with famous chefs are...but it is worth a visit simply because of Nobu himself.The menu options are plentiful, but the food is served tapas style, with small plates and not much on them. However, the food is flavorful and always fresh.Make sure to ask the server for the more popular items. You honestly cannot go wrong with any of them. The sake is also good and worth  the few extra dollars on your bill. Don't expect to be full though when you walk out of the restaurant...unless you spend a jackpot sized amount. This is a great place to start your meal...but if it's the only thing you eat all night, you may find yourself a bit tipsy if your next stop is a local club!!!
2	Skip Nobu if you've been to any other location. The atmosphere was very LA and kind of snobby. It's a place to see and be seen and sadly this is applicable to the food as well. The menu was confusing and it almost felt like this was done on purpose in order to force the diner to chose the chef's tasting menu. We decided against it (at $100+ per person, we felt we could do better). We chose the Lobster Ceviche, Big Eye Tuna Tempura Roll and the Nobu Style Lobster Tacos to start. The tacos were insanely delicious and everything hit the mark quite well. These composed the "cold" dishes that Nobu offers and then we moved on to the hot dishes which included Kobe Beef Tataki style, Black Cod with Miso as well as some Sashimi. The Kobe beef was incredible and literally melted in our moths and it's no wonder the Cod is a famous dish - it was delicious. Looking at the menu now I'm uncertain as to why we felt the way we did, but I remember being less than enthused about dropping a few hundred dollars and not feeling like I got real value from our money. The atmosphere was cold and had it been a little friendlier perhaps we would have felt differently. The food felt like a celebrity chef was overseeing it, but you could tell this restaurant was a chain given how gimmicky everything was. Sad because there's such a brand behind this name and they're just not living up to it.
5	GREAT meal! All of the sushi was excellent and the seabass with miso is a must have!
5	So I'm a BIG sushi fan and this was by far the best I've ever eaten.The black cod with miso is like fish candy, and the yellowfin with jalapeno was probably my favorite dish of the night.I'd also highly recommend the toro roll if you're into rolls. It was incredible.The only dish I didn't care much for was the fried rock shrimp but the overall meal was still out of this world.
2	Sooo, I made reservation this monday at Nobu, with high expectation and hope... I was expecting excellent quality fish from the price they were charging. I went to Vegas to eat here... I was expecting to spend alot of money too. However... when i walked in, the resturant looks nice and hipp, was pretty busy for a monday night. We made reservation but they tried to sit us in same booth right next to another customer so we decided to sit at sushi bar. Server was super friendly, knew his menu well, sushi chiefs were all Japanese and friendly/helpful as well. I ordered one of recommendation from the server, and Toro Tara to start with, still excited! I got bit suspicious when toro tartar came from kitchen, instead of sushi bar, it looked amazing with ice, caviar, lil bamboo shoot garnish and side of Yama-momo japanese plum. When I see the actual Toro... I was more suspicious because of the color of the fish... it just didn't look like toro to me at all...I took a bite hoping to hop with joy, instead i had to look at my dish again...to make sure it was BLUE FIN TORO TARTAR....I swear, its a scam, i had blue fin toro and good toro many times in my life time, but it is not a blue fin toro! It tasted like regular crappy tuna grinded up like a baby food. argh... you don't understand the disappointment... coming all the way from phx to eat at THE NOBU... and this is what i get. =/ I had Uni sashimi, which was not that fresh, not so bad but for the price they charge, it should been better, Negi-toro was decent, it was real toro at least, not Tartar baby food crap. King crab ceviche was just too sour... killed the flavor...after that, i didn't want to try anything else, but i had kabocha desert... which just tasted like normal pumpkin cake instead of japanese kabocha... presentation was well done, its really beautiful, sushi chiefts are nice, and so are staff there but  food...  just dose not match the price of reputation. come on NOBU-san, you can do little bit better than that =/ I wish i ate at yellowtail or Shibuya instead, I will NOT be going back here again... but plz ppl, don't try the toro tartar its really a scam =/
4	You fancy huh? Yes.. I sure am.I had a super disappointing dinner the night before (Classic tasting dinner at Michael Mina), and needed something to really make it up. I came here for dinner with a really good friend I hadn't seen in a long time. We had both been wanting to try the famed Nobu for soo long, that when we got there.. the menu seemed overwhelming. So, we (ok.. he) decided we should splurge for the Omakase menu! And I'm so glad we did. There are too many courses to go over, but the most memorable were the tuna tartar with caviar, black cod and the dessert. SOO good!!I'm so glad we went here for dinner.. The service was excellent, the decor was nice, and the food delish!Definitely a great date spot.. teehee. :)
3	Oh Nobu, you are definitely deserving of a 4 star review, but alas our server (name withheld) decided that serving us wasn't in his best interests.Now before I utilize Yelp to complain about sub-par service I must document the highlights, because as we know, an amazing kitchen can make up for lacking service.The Black Cod Miso was a life changer. You owe it to yourself to have this dish.Also the Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno was such a wonderful combination of flavors, that honestly, I can't find words to do it justice.Now as to why Nobu earned 3 stars from me instead of 4. Our service lacked in every area, inattentive, unwilling to suggest menu items for our group of 5, and at times seemingly spiteful. Why did you bring us (2) Rock Shrimp Tempura? It's delicious don't get me wrong, but two? Maybe the malice was because 2 people in our group were very late, and he was missing out on those additional tips, or because they couldn't include gratuity? I don't know. But when I'm spending $60-70 per person, I expect a little more.
4	Love the fact that this restaurant is located on the lower level of our hotel.This place was packed for a Monday night. Since we didn't make reservation, we were only able to sit at the sushi bar or the lounge area.We sat at the sushi bar, ordered a large bottle of sake and a few rolls to share.I recommend ordering the Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno. It's very refreshing and deliciously fresh. I even ordered it as a sushi roll. As for the hot dish, the chicken skewers were okay. Overall, this is great place for dinner. A nice trendy place with good service & delicious sushi. The price may be steep, but no complaints here. Remember, if you want a table, make reservations.
5	Service and food were both amazing.  Must have: Black Cod with Miso and Yellowtail with Jalapeno.  Wasnt too particularly thrilled with the Maine Lobster, but everything else was perfect.
4	Delicious, loud and expensive.... but oh so delicious!
2	OK, I am just saying..If I am paying $40 for 2 nigiri I expect that when I sit down the hostess does not hit my knee with the table pushing it in before I sit down. I would also hope that the server would not forget our drinks, or new beers/cocktails every damn time we ordered them until the second or third time we ordered them again. It would have been nice to actually get our entire order before giving up and just asking for the bill instead of the missing item, again. Sigh, having to ask the server to remove the items on the bill we never received but had asked for several times was a bummer too.. I will NEVER go here again, unless I am not paying..
5	!-!-!A-M-A-Z-I-N-G-!-!-!OK, so first off, I have never been a seafood fan, never mind sushi so this was my second time and it was AMAZING!!  Everything you've heard about Nobu is true!  I read the reviews and was down to try it when bf suggested it on our recent Vegas trip.So we get there and are seated immediately, kudos.  I ordered the champagne 59 or some concoction and bf orders the mango martini-both are very yummay!!  But I think the mango was the better of the two!  So, me being a newbie on the sushi scene I was a bit intimidated by the menu and just jumped in and ordered the tuna tempura roll off the cold menu to start off with, really wasn't sure but it proved to be GOOD!!! OMG, even bf, who isn't really down with tuna, was floored.  The tuna had scallions in the middle I believe....whatever it was delish!  And the sauce it had was SOOOO GOOD, I don't even know what it was, I should've asked.  OK, shit was so good after we ordered the next 2 rolls, we ordered another order of the tuna tempura, and the tempura was so slight, it great crunch to the tiniest degree.Next, we ordered the soft shell crab roll was again a mystery.  Was a very welcome bite to my mouth, I don't know what else was in it but had a crunch also.  The crab was very good, not a hint of the seafoody about it! Also on our table was the shrimp tempura roll, I know tempura is a no-no to the sushi elite, but training wheels here kids!  Never mind that, this roll was a fave!  I also ordered another plate of this little roll because I loved it SO MUCH!  Again, tiny bit of the tempura crunch=goodness!  The amazingness of this is too good to put into words......I AGAIN don't even know what was in it besides the skrimps but I honestly feel like going there again, like NOW.  So for dessert i ordered this thing described as apple brioche with caramel sauce that comes with a gelato.  It came out and looked like little donut holes!  Was so good!  They were covered in sugar and inside was tiny chopped up apples and on the side in a little spoon was the carmel. Little bites of fried heaven!  As for service-stellar! She was on it when we needed drinks and more sushi, but she kinda lacked when I asked about rolls.  That's OK, I walked out very happy!
5	I was only a fan of a couple different kinds of sushi.Not anymore. I am a fan of an array of sushi!WHOA! This place has the BEST sushi I've ever eaten in my entire life! I'm not even joking. If you like sushi, you must, MUST go to Nobu and stuff your face. Don't look at the prices. Treat yourself like a king or queen for the night. The sushi is so delicious and the service is very kind. They are very happy to recommend their favorites and tell you a little bit about the different orders of food. I swear it to you, you'll not be disappointed.I can't even begin to tell you about the food because I'd ruin the surprise! It is all just so delicious and you just need to take my word. I love you Nobu!!xoxo
5	Nobu I love you!!Came here on a Vegas trip with one of the girls and this was our first stop! We dolled up, drove to the Hard Rock where there is valet parking, and walked into the center of the first floor where this ridiculously delicious restaurant is located.Service-Great! Everyone was really attentive. I always had my water filled, any finished dishes cleared off within the minute. The food came in really good timing as well. I was starving going in and I didn't have to wait. Although coming from a restaurant like this I didn't expect anything less.The decor is really comfy and not as fancy as I'd originally thought (or the other Nobu restaurants apparently). You can definitely get away with begin pretty casual or dressing up your attire. While there were only small groups there they had some large tables and some hidden rooms for even larger groups so if you need to bring a lot of people it seems as thought they'd be able to accommodate for more people.Now onto the best part of all! Fooood is so worth the price!!Dessert: lemme start with this one because I cannot get over the delicious trio of soy caramel, miso apple cinnamon donuts and a really delicious HOME MADE ice cream with toasted pecans. Their pastry chef changes the dessert menu every season to go with what's in season which means I'm going to have to come here every season :)Apart from that we enjoyed the black cod miso, eggplant miso (best i've ever had, decent portion but very rich), yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno (not spicy and very fresh!), japanese snapper dry miso (the garlic chips added great texture but the citrus oil sauce was too overpowering) and the shiitake mushroom salad (very strong citrus vinaigrette but delicious mushrooms to make up for it)Awesome experience and a high price but definitely worth it :D
5	Ridiculously good. Had a ton of stuff here and the miso cod was easily the most memorable. Already looking forward to hitting up Nobu in another city.One of the best Japanese experiences I've had in a while.
5	Amazing sushi, creative preparations. Really fricking good. :)I've been to Nobu in Manhattan and Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills...and I actually think Nobu Vegas kicked the other Nobu's asses! Not that the others weren't yummy but this one truly lived up to the hype that I first expected (but was a teeensy bit let down) when I first dined at Nobu a few years back. But I guess that's why they call Vegas the land of excess and indulgence - never disappoints!We tried almost everything on the menu but we didn't leave super stuffed, but perfectly satisfied. Everything was perfectly portioned so you get this perfect bite of explosive flavor and melt-in-your-mouth yumminess -- whether it was sushi, sashimi, apps, entree. EVERYTHING. was. so. damn. good.Nobu and I are BFF's.
5	Okay. Amazing. Got Omakase, but not just Omakase....Debated going here since we're vegans... thought I MIGHT have fish for the first time in over 4 years then decided against it and canceled our reservations. But then the night we stayed IN the Hard Rock Hotel and walked by the joint?.... well.... here's how it went down:We stopped to just check out the menu to see what veg options were even available. The hostess and host were wondering what we were contemplating and why... We told them that we were veg and everyone at the hostess station said 'No Problem!! Come in, vegetarians here all the time!!'... but then we followed that up with 'Well, we're actually vegans.....' to which one waiter said 'Let me check with the chef, I'll be right back.' Apparently the kitchen 'wanted the challenge'.... so in we went!Sat down and decided to order the omakase meal. Usually this consists of six plates plus dessert but we actually got EIGHT and TWO desserts (one each, two different desserts)... Can I say AMAZING?! The food that the kitchen came up with was AMAZING. We actually were stuffed by the time the sixth course of food came around (and we thought last!) but TWO more came. By the time dessert was served we didn't think we could fit anymore into our stomachs. But we "managed" :)Food, service, everything was impeccable. Def would highly recommend a visit. Worth every penny!! Very impressed with what they came up with for us as well.
4	Tasty, but a little over-priced. Tapas style, so it's great for large groups. Tempura was the best that I have EVER eaten.
4	I recommend  starting off with a couple of martinis (I recommend the cucumber martini) and the Miso Black Cod and you will be in heaven....We got a couple of rolls, but I have to say that I was not impressed with the sushi- I have had better. I was very disappointed in the sushi. Stick with the signature dishes and you won't go wrong.If you like a little heat I recommend the peppers as an app--every 7th pepper as a kick. You never know what you are going to get and they are delicious. Friendly and knowledgeable staff with a great atmosphere.
4	Travelling is incomplete unless met with great sushi, in my case at least. I arrived in Las Vegas, jet lagged after partying my tail feathers off in Hong Kong for two weeks. And since I had Nobu while I was in Hong Kong(which by the way, was amazing like always) - I thought I'd skip the visit to Nobu in Las Vegas and save some money. But my boyfriend was very sweet and surprised me with a RSVP to Nobu the night we arrived, so I dragged myself out of bed, dressed up and headed up Nobu. I've been to Vegas twice before, many years ago, but never had the chance to try Nobu. It was about a $15 cab ride from Mandalay Bay to Hard Rock, and when we arrived - we found the restaurant well hidden in the back of the entrance. The ambiance was nice, but nothing compared to the decor in Nobu Tokyo or Hong Kong. Venue was small in comparison as well. The food was great, check out pictures of the sushi/appetizers from that night. If you are new to Nobu, here are a few recommendations from that night.Otoro Nigiri - $38Sea Urchin - $15Barracuda - $40Monkfish Liver(Ankimo) - $30Squid Pasta - $20and pair them with the Nobu beer! By the way, Nobu beer costs $15 each in San Diego, but costs only $8 in Las Vegas - don't know why, maybe the higher demand for beer allows them to lower their price?All and all, Nobu Las Vegas was great....but...I wish I didn't have to say this, especially since I have such a bias for Nobu - but the staff did not treat us the way a $250 bill deserves. It was probably due to the fact that we were a young couple, and didn't look like we had hundred dollar bills in hand to "rain" on the waiters. But either they were blind, or the fact that I was carrying an exclusive limited edition Louis Vuitton bag from Japan meant nothing to them. Waiter made no effort to create a conversation, rushed us from start to end, took five years to refill my hot green tea, yet five seconds to take the American Express off my boyfriend's hand. The waiter also talked to me as if I had never heard of Nobu in my entire life, he even questioned how I had known about the Nobu beer(since I ordered it without advertisement). At that moment I wanted to whip out the photo I took with Chef Nobu himself in Tokyo Nobu on my phone, but I thought, even if I did that, what does it proof besides the fact that I am dying for everyone to know that I met Chef Nobu, and that the waiter is an asshole? Maybe I was being a little harsh, but I have certain expectations from a restaurant who plans to charge me $250 minimum for dinner. Since those expectations weren't met, I am ranting on Yelp. If you want better service, try Nobu Tokyo or Hong Kong.
5	One of my favorite restaurants! Las Vegas is as great as NYC. Decor is amazing and food even better. I had Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno and Cilantro cold appetizer. This is my favorite! Rock Shrimp Tempura with Butter Ponzu hot appetizer....awesome!  Soft-shell Crab and Lobster Roll and a Salmon Roll, traditional and fabulous!
5	Nobu.  375 reviews and counting.  Although mine will get lost in the mix, here's my view.Awesome.  I happened to have the opportunity to go with a chef-friend and several other guys.  He ordered quite a selection of items, and each was better than the next.  My goodness.I'm actually a little speechless.  Everything was simple, but flavorful, and just plain perfect.Go here, you won't regret it.  But why, oh why, is it in this horrible casino?
2	Do you like big checks and hype...then this is the place for you. I have heard tons of great things about this restaurant but at the end of dinner I was really let down. Things I liked: Rock Shrimp Tempura with creamy spicy sauce Miso Cod Fresh Yellowtail Sashimi with jalapeno Things I didn't like: The waitress was not very friendly. She informed us that our sushi dishes would come out last...guess what?  The sushi came out second...of course, we ate the sushi and our waitress came up to our table and asked if we wanted more food...she had no idea that we didn't even get our warm food. Please dont  tell us our meal must end  with cold sushi and then the food runners can not even get it right. When you are paying this much for dinner, you expect to get treated with some love. The sushi rolls were extremely fishy too. My friends told me that it is the seaweed that they use...all I know is that I wanted to gag. Also we asked for two orders of the Fresh Yellowtail Sashimi with jalapeno and they put both orders on one plate. That is fine but we received 11 pieces...so does that mean when you get one order you only get 5.5 pieces? The math does not add up. My friends told me that they noticed that they have been shorted before. Wow and my friends still like this place...Oh yeah expense account!!!Small Dishes with Big Prices!!!   If you are on an expense account then I recommend...go for it...run up the bill and try everything. If you are paying for it out of your pocket, then I would save my money for my kids college fund!!!
5	Sushi was so fresh.  My friend and I split a few rolls and a shirmp tempura entree in a creamy spicy sauce and a few other choices, but I can not remember their names....everything was tasty.For dessert we got the Apple Fritter Balls with a caramel sauce-a great end to the dinner!
3	If you have ever been to the Nobu in NYC..SKIP this one!!But if you are looking for a halfway decent sushi bar with a 75$ rib-eye this is the place for you!
5	AMAZING! Every dish was the best ever of the thing that it was.  One of them was the best fish ever.  Seriously, I think my mouth had an orgasm.  I'm sure everyone else has told you to get the jalapeno yellowtail sashimi and the miso cod.  We also really enjoyed the beef tenderloin, it was so tender it felt like sashimi, but with the deliciousness of steak.  We also got a couple tempura things that were very good.I was also very impressed with the service.  We were at first confused because of the casual atmosphere and high prices, but I actually think this is great.  The service was still impeccable despite the casual tone, and it made us feel at ease, unlike many other restaurants with such high quality food.  I was very impressed that the small plates came out in a well thought-out order.  So often at a small plates restaurant your meal will feel harried because a bunch of things arrive at once or things arrive in an order that doesn't suit the meal.  Each item arrived at just the right moment and in just the right order.Great great great restaurant, I would definitely recommend it.
3	Maybe it was the time of day, but the overall fare was too salty for my tastes... The black Miso Cod was good, but much of the remainder left a rather neutral impression.Particularly unsatisfying was an order of crab sautee.  Salty, heavy and indelicate, I cannot offer this place high marks.Better were the sashimi selections.  Again, my primary complaint was that it still seemed like the flavours were heavy handed.
4	I love Vegas and I love sushi. And this is the perfect place for both. Inside the awesome Hard Rock Hotel, Nobu is amazing on all fronts: food, service, atmosphere - maybe not price, but just deal, it's VEGAS!The drinks are tasty and the food amazing.Try the avocado tempura (YES), the shrimp tempura roll, the unagi sashimi, rock shrimp tempura (AWESOME), and the black cod miso (out of this world), thanks to our amazing waiter we also tried the tacos (i know) and they were mouth watering. I wish we ordered more of those! The waiter hooked it up for an amazing meal.Thanks Vegas, you never disappoint.
3	Cool to try out but not to regular.  Lots to choose from.
5	One of by best friends from LA was raving about NOBU in Hollywood so we found ourselves at the Hard Rock and decided to drop by and have dinner.  The hostesses are friendly, and the servers have great knowledge of the menu items and offer great recommendations.  We decided to order the Lobster and Shrimp Salad, Seared Kobe Beef platter, and the Salmon Caviar.  All great dishes (see my photos), but portion size is small so if you like to eat alot...this is not the place for you!!!  Your better off at an all you can eat sushi place!  All in all this is a special place to celebrate a special moment with friends or a significant person!  Overall, a great experience!!!
5	We stopped by Nobu two nights ago and had a wonderful dinner.  We arrived and were seated at a booth....the decor of the restaurant was fairly trendy with an Asian/bamboo wood theme.Based on the many yelp reviews we ordered the yellowfish with jalapenos, black cod w/ miso, lobster tacos, rock shrimp w/ 3 dipping sauces, the house sushi roll and the bento box desert (warm chocolate w/green tea ice cream).Each item was outstanding.....great unique flavors for each dish.  Our favs were the black cod w/miso and the rock shrimp.  Super yummy!Nobu rocks with a hit!A cool Michelin Star Restaurant in Sin City!
5	Went here on Valentine's Day for a company function and I am going to say--hands down--the best japanese food/sushi in my entire life! None of the dishes disappointed me and I couldn't wait for each dish to come out as they got better and better as the meal went on. Supposedly the owner of the company that took us here is a big deal so we got excellent service. The waiters and the chef knew who he was so we got taken care of. I went to show someone where our table was (literally not even a minute) and my napkin was refolded at my seat. This is what we had:-Edamame-Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno-Rock Shrimp Tempura with Cream Spicy Sauce-Rock Shrimp Tempura with Butter Ponzu-Black Cod Miso-Chilean Sea Bass with Dried Miso-Beef tenderloin (medium rare) in a claypot-Mushroom soup-Pickled Sushi Platter  -Sushi platter-Ceviche with mixed seafood (and quail egg)-Fish egg sushi with quail egg-Sweet potato and avocado tempura-Dessert: Chef's Tasting PlatterAlcohol: I had a mango martini--delicious! I don't really like to taste alcohol, but this was a good sweet/tart drink that got me slightly buzzed. Good tasting + getting buzzed = winner!Some highlights of the meal: -The seafood was amazingly fresh and it was the best quality I've had. My top favorite was the black cod miso and the chilean sea bass. Melt in your mouth HEAVEN. -Beef tenderloin was perfection--I love my meats medium rare and it was good and bloody. -I did a shot of the ceviche with a raw quail egg and it was great. You only live once, and if you want to try something might as well do it at Nobu since they know how to prepare it properly. Bottoms up!I'm so glad I went with a company because there is no way I would have been able to 1. afford all of this food and 2. to order this many plates. Nobu is great and I would gladly go back if I had the chance!
4	Good food!  Between 4 people, we were able to try a lot of stuff.  We started w/the live scallop, toro tartar w/caviar, and yellowtail sashimi w/jalapeno.  All were amazing.  Then we had the sashimi dinner and a bunch of rolls.  Dessert was something chocolatey w/crunchy bananas and sorbet...can't recall the name (sake).  You can't go wrong w/this place!
5	Seriously delicious!  The first time I went to a Sushi Place and didn't have any rolls or rice!  We didn't order but had the waiter bring out their best dishes and everything was absolutely amazing!  The cod wraps and crab and rockshrimp were my favorite as well as their signature yellowtail and jalapeno dish.  They put together a spread of their desserts, so got a little taste of everything.  Oh and had the best Riesling ever!  I will post pictures of their best dishes!And even though the chef was busy, he did come out to greet us which was really nice!I would highly recommend and want to go back!
5	Nobu deserves its place with the absolute top eateries in Vegas.As with its LA and Honolulu counter parts, Nobu Las Vegas uses only the freshest ingredients.  As with all other locations, the nigiri sushi is very skillfully prepared but as with all other locations, why fill up on simple sushi when there are so many great, mouthwatering, fusion dishes to try.On recent visits, the king crab and avocado ceviche was excellent and so was the lobster and fresh shitake salad.  The broiled yellowtail collar is a must try.  Perfectly cooked.  The sweetness of the fish just explodes in your mouth.  Although its not sustainable seafood, the Chilean sea bass with dried miso.... ahhhhh heaven.  Finally, you cannot go wrong with the king crab tempura.Prices are in line with restaurants of this caliber.  Special note, if you are from Hawaii, you will find the prices at this location 30-50 percent higher than in Honolulu for similar dishes.Service is excellent.The wine list is OK and in line with Vegas pricing.   As with all Nobu restaurants, I prefer to drink extra vodka or gin martinis with their food.  It pairs well and cleans the palate between bites and courses.Baller status for sure.
3	I visited here last april for my birthday dinner and was not really impressed by the food or atmosphere. The waitress was less than helpful and our seat was in an odd place in the restaurant. The food was good but overpriced.
5	5 star restaurant...5 star prices.Add certain Sake selections and dinner for two can easily top $600.  In fact, it's uncommon to get out of there for less.But, that aside, you get what you pay for.With a wide range of dishes, there are generous portions if you order correctly and there's nothing on the menu that isn't first class in freshness, taste and presentation.Probably not your everyday sushi place, but if you're trying to impress clients or friends, this place is the Disneyland of restaurants.Located inside the Hard Rock Hotel and tucked away in a corner, seek it out...you'll be glad you did.
5	The jalapeno yellow tail sashimi is one of the best things I've ever eaten. Order the Bento box for dessert (which they finally added to the LV menu) to share and it's just about as good as it gets.
4	I'm japaneeeeesey fosheeeeezy!I ordered edamame, miso soup, the black miso cod, aji (nigiri), hamachi & scallion hand roll, and an order of kampachi (nigiri). Everything was a reminder to me of Japanese Excellence! The service was great & all the dishes were a delight to indulge in on my glutunous time in Vegas! The alcohol was a bit pricey but I needed both Sapporo's and Sake to fully live Japanese... which I am 100%
4	My buddy and I went to Nobu this past Friday night at 9:30 for their omasake chef choice tasting menu. We had very few disappointments. They sat us right away at the bar, tables would have been 15 minutes even with our reservations.  Lots of good energy in the restaurant, lots of Japanese yelling back and forth from the waiters and sushi chefs.  We split a $50 bottle of nonfiltered very fragrant Nigori Sake cold which was smooth and easy to drink. The small bits of rice at the bottle of the bottle reminded me of red wine sediment as a good thing. The first course came out quick and cold. A chilled patty of Toro tartar in a soy wasabi sauce topped with caviar, served with a baby silver spoon.  It was tender, smooth, rich and melt in your mouth.  The caviar was not memorable.  An A+ start and an expensive dish on their regular menu. Next was 4 pieces per plate of thin cut fresh octopus topped with a cilantro leaf, a dot of super hot sauce, finished with citrus, like ceviche.  Pretty good.  Next was another cold appetizer of rice paper wrapped greens with a piece of raw ebi sweet shrimp, dressed with a fantastic sesame ginger sauce with a fried prawn head on the side.  My buddy especially liked the tempura batter on the shrimp head and the dressing.  I will personally come to your house and kill you if you do not eat the fried prawn head. Then started the hot plates.  First was the ever famous Black Miso Cod, a bit too sweet for my buddy but it did not keep us from both licking the plates.  A small piece of tender fish which just went on and on and kept melting in our mouths.  Flavor of fish hard to come through past miso and sweetness.  like fish candy in a good way.  My friend said that an improvement would be to torch and crisp up the skin before putting on the sauce which would give some texture contrast and make the dish over the top.  $23 on the regular menu.  Next was the beef tenderloin toban yaki style with a shitake and enokitake mushrooms and a piece of thin asparagus in a soy broth. Beef very lean, not as melt in your mouth as I would like.  My buddy would have liked a nice piece of ribeye cap instead but who wouldn't.  The dish is served spitting hot on a mini hot plate and when they raise the cover in front of you, the steam envelopes you warmly.  Try not to get the grease on you. Next was the nigiri sushi course of 5 pieces along with a nice clam miso soup. We got a piece of red snapper (mmmm), magura tuna (so tender), yellowtail (yum), clam (a bit tough) and sea eel which was the most tender fall apart sea eel I have ever tasted.  The sushi rice and soup fill you to the gills by that point and then they hit you with the dessert which was a bento presentation of a warm flowerless chocolate lava cake with lots of lava and very little cake and a very good not sweet green tea ice cream.   This just put the nail in the coffin.  We were stuffed, but we couldn't stop eating since it was so good.  The restaurant closed at 11pm on a Friday night, but we will remember the meal for a long time coming.  Next time I'm in vegas I plan to make it a point to return and see what the chef choice is at that point in time.  This was the $100 omasake.  The $150 would have added some kobe beef and lobster here and there.  We were very happy with our choice.  I think the meal was an absolute bargain for the price.
4	I went here with a group of girls and was really excited since I have wanted to go for a long time. The atmosphere is really great -- very zen-like. I don't eat sushi, but there were plenty of other options for me. I had the shrimp and Maine lobster with spicy lemon sauce. Overall great flavor although some pieces of the lobster were just a tad rubbery (which is why I dinged my review one star). I must have been really hungry that night, because I wasn't full after my main course. So it was tempura to the rescue -- shrimp, asparagus and sweet potato. That helped tremendously. I do think the service could have been a bit quicker for our drinks, which seemed to not arrive as they should have. The waitstaff otherwise was friendly and attentive.
4	Oh my god this place was loud.  It seemed like it was louder then the casino floor.  But the food was really good, we had the Prix fixed menu and it was excellent.  If it wasn't for being extremely loud I would have give it 5 stars.
5	5 Stars.  Hmmm, what else can I say?  Ordered the Black Cod Miso!  Simply heaven. Sake serving ware is cute. Ambiance and decor is tres chic!  Bring some $!
5	Last night if you ordered the $150 omakase menu they donated $50 to the people in Japan. Great food for a good cause. The restaurant was packed (on a Tuesday night) and the service was perfect. Totally attentive and choreographed without being annoying. My husband and I split the $150 omakase for two and ordered two other specials to go along with it and it was a feast. Our favorites were the yellowtail special, the lobster (split and restuffed with panko and chili), and the monkfish liver with caviar. But it was all good. Amazing ingredients, beautiful to look at, and nothing that we could ever come close to making for ourselves at home.
5	OK, this place is expensive, sure.  If you go and order some maguro, unagi, and a dragon roll you'll probably be disappointed.  But I wanted to see everything they could offer so I did the tasting menu, and it was just plain awesome. Definitely a few dishes that I'll remember for some time.  There was this fatty tuna cylinder floating in a mix of soy/wasabe with caviar on top that was simply fantastic.  $175 a person lighter later, and not only was I satisfied but happy to have had the experience of eating here.  Absolutely a top notch restaurant in the land of famous chain/celebrity chef restaurants.
3	Went here as a party of six. Had the omakase $100 option. Yelpers were pretty accurate on dishes like the Black Cod Miso. Good, but a little sweet. This is definitely not the place for hand rolls and sashimi. Everything was presented well and at the end, I was kinda satisfied. Only three stars for me because it cost me $150 after one beer and splitting some sake four ways. The food was kinda heavy, so I felt very bloated after. I also felt like having sushi the next day, so the only urge it satisfied, was the one to have a bougie dining experience. Too much hype. If you want a bougie meal to impress, this is the place. For an outstanding EATING experience, this is not it.   Glad I went. Not going back.
5	Not pure Japanese cuisine, definitely Americanized, but really great for people like me who haven't completely embraced the raw fish thing but enjoy carpaccio and heavily flavored sashimi. We ordered the omakase and all the courses were to die for. My favorite was the series of carpaccio and the buttery fish. I came here for my birthday with a group of 10 or so. Service was a little spotty at first, but they brought food out rapidly so I had no complaints.Definitely pricey, but hey, it's Vegas.
4	Hands down, best sushi chain. Top notch quality fish/dishes and pretty pricey. But who cares when you're on the strip; expensive is expected. :P Nobu stands out from the rest of the sushi chains because of their creative entrees. Based off their Chilean Sea Bass and Black Cod dishes, I'm quite impressed and have confidence that any of their dishes would be a good pick. These dishes were well prepared and were not drenched in sauce. Their raw fish tastes as if it's fresh from the ocean; definitely close to what you can get in Japan. However, the quality of their fish is what closely resembles Japan not the restaurant itself as their menu, interior decor and waitstaff is like any other American restaurant.
5	Yup giving it 5 stars!  I've been to Nobu NYC, Nobu next door NYC and Nobu Malibu and Vegas had them all beat!!  We put our meal in the hands of our amazing wait staff for our client night out and we were blown away. I can't even go into all of the incredible and unique things we had but of particular interest was the Wagu beef cooking on hot rocks table side, crispy rice and cod. Must check it out and let the waiter do the ordering.
3	For my 25th birthday I wanted nothing more from the group of friends that accompanied me on this trip, than a nice sit down dinner. I chose Nobu based on New York's location and Philadelphia's Morimoto restaurant, but ended up being very underwhelmed. The black cod was a standout as is the case in most Japanese restaurants, straight from the ocean fresh, with a flavorful miso sauce. My seafood toban yaki was disappointing though, my favorite dish at Morimoto just didn't live up to expectation at Nobu. The broth was super salty and the quantity of seafood was just sort of lacking.Overall the restaurant has a very hip and trendy vibe, our waiters were friendly and attentive without being overbearing, but all in all just a "blah" experience for a 25th birthday celebration.
3	Food was very good and they have some interesting dishes.  Service was a bit robotic and they try to up-sell you every chance they get. Is it worth the hype or price?  Not really!  I love sushi!!!  But there really isn't anything here worth a $250 price tag for two people (and that is only with one bottle of decent saki).   Pre-dinner drinks consisting of a martini and glass of wine for $34?  C'mon, I know is Vegas and celebrity chef and all but good god!  It's just hard to gush about Nobu when I've had better sushi for a quarter of the price!
5	Outstanding food. Everything presented beautifully and each bite was an experience like I've never had before. Kinako crunch for dessert topped it off. Spent about $500 (including tip) between 3 people so definitely not a place for weekly dining for the commoner like me, but for a once in awhile treat, it can't be beaten.
4	First time going to Nobu and I'd say it was definately a pleaser.My friends and I decided to go to Nobu after hearing it was voted one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.Service: Amazing. Excellect. Outstanding.Food:  Over the top quality food.  I can't remember all the food we had but the ones that stood out.  Black cod miso. Yellow tail cold dish. My only disappointment would be the rolls.  I'd stick to the cold dishes and hot dishes and stay away from the rolls.  Sushi quality fish covered up in rice and seaweed.If I stayed at the Hard Rock again I definately would go back.
3	Went for the first time.  Hot food: Tried the Sea Bass w/ Miso sauce, Teriyaki Tasmanian Sea Trout Skewers (Very similar to Salmon), and Shrimp Tempura.  All very very good, especially the Bass and Trout. Sushi: Fish was the freshest around.  However, I was very disappointed with the lack of creativity.  I asked my Sushi Chef for anything unique that they do with their sushi.  Got a blank stare.  I'm used to the unrelated and not-so-famous Nobu's in Solana Beach, CA where creativity is more common than not, and what a difference it makes.  Service was incredible.  It felt as if they are standing behind you waiting for your every need.  I suppose you have to order off the specials if you want something creative (non-sushi), but you'll be paying a premium $30 to $75+ per plate.Should be a 4 to 4.5 star, but since I had high expectations that weren't met, I'm docking my rating by a point.
4	I absolutely love Nobu. I visit Vegas 2-3 times per year. Every time my husband and I go, we make it a point to dine at Nobu. We always get several dishes to share. Our favorites are the black cod and the jalapeno sashimi. The sashimi is to DIE for. I live in the SF Bay Area where we have a million sushi joints and I have yet to find sashimi as wonderful as Nobu's - please if someone knows of a place let me know because I crave yummy sashimi. The spicy miso lotus chips with big eye tuna is delish too! Actually, we have been happy with everything we have tried. Nobu is definitely on the pricey side but so worth every penny. We are always sure to take our time with our meal and savor every bite! Our bill is usually anywhere from $80 (no alcohol) to $120 (with alcohol). The other great thing is that all the wait staff work together so your plates are constantly cleared and your table cleaned. They even fold your napkin for you if you get up from the table. The only reason why I give Nobu 4 stars instead of 5 is because every so often we will get a waiter who is pompous and thinks his shit doesn't stink, which is really unfortunate because most of the wait staff is really great! If I could knock only a half star off for that, I would!
3	Not worth the hype. Nobu isn't a Japanese restaurant, it's a new age sushi restaurant. They may have borrowed their name from New York, but that's about where the similarities end. Service was friendly, but brisk. They clearly wanted to get us in and out of there since we were sitting at the bar. We ordered miso soup, the four kelp salad (their version of a seaweed salad), tamago, the Chilean sea bass with a dried miso sauce, and chicken teriyaki. The miso was standard, and the tamago was much larger than what I'm used to, but both were good. Kelp salad was a little too fishy for me, but then again, I had my heart set on seaweed salad. Both the Chilean sea bass and the chicken teriyaki were merely good, but not good enough for the ticket ($45 and $30 respectively) and neither came with rice.So why the three stars? We just weren't overwhelmed. Nobu wasn't an impressive dining experience, and in this town, if you don't have experience, why bother?
5	NOBU.  This 5 star Yelp rating is really a 6 star experience.Okay, I'm a self admitted sushi snob.  I can't help it.  No matter where I go it always comes back to Nobu--Bahamas, New York, Malibu, Las Vegas...  Every single location I've been to has provided a first-class sushi experience.The Las Vegas folks were especially nice - particularly since I was playing those Wheel of Fortune machines again and much to my husband's dismay we missed our reservation and they gave our table away.  As soon as we arrived, they moved us to the top of the list for the sushi bar - on one of their busiest nights.  Thank you Nobu Las Vegas team.PROS:- Incredible selection of sushi, dinners, etc.- A great place to meet up at the sushi bar or to have the full first class dinner experience- The best fresh fish, most unique combinations (my fav - yellow tail sashimi with japlapeno...  yum, I have dreams about this)CONS:- Pricey- Maybe a bit pretentious (according to my husband), but I disagree
3	3.5 stars.  One thing I wish we would have realized or been told is that everything comes out as its ready and each person doesn't really order a meal for themselves but everything is shared more or less. The black cod was delicious and a definite must. My husband ordered sushi and thought it was just okay; I would stick more with the hot and cold plates. The dessert we ordered was amazing, I believe it was called Kinko or something (chocolate crisp with carmelized bananas), last dessert on the list. Our waiter recommended it and I am so glad he did. Overall we would return but not without trying other Vegas restaurants first.
4	four star for AWESOME service! Every dish was described in detail when it was brought out. water was ALWAYS refilled quickly, as was my tea. plates were frequently exchanged and finished items quickly removed! Wonderful suggestions from our main waiter. Love the yellow tail with jalapeno the bed. the cod with lettuce wrap was a little on the sweet side for me. spicy tuna wasn't really spicy enough. I couldn't really tell if the sashimi or sushi was fresh because all the dishes were overpowered by the sauce--but most of the sauces were good. popcorn chicken also very tasty. all in all, great dining experience but properly would not go out of my way to come here--pretty pricey.
2	[Michelin Star #11]Night one of my three-day Vegas Michelin dining binge brought me to Nobu.  The occasion:  friend's birthday.  Upon arrival, we were led through a crowded dining room full of boisterous patrons drinking sake and beer to a table at which we were rubbing elbows with the parties around us.  First things first:  this place is not where you want to go for an elegant Japanese meal, but it is perfect for bigger groups.  When our waiter arrived, he took our drink orders, then instead of announcing any specials, he told us that for a group of our size, he "strongly recommended" that we do family style.  He said it in a tone that left no other option.  Of course family style makes sense, but it seems to me that an establishment with Nobu's reputation (and Michelin star!) should be far more accommodating to its patrons.  But I do understand that it is likely difficult to navigate one's way through such a crowded restaurant with the myriad of plates that accompany most Japanese meals.My group opted for the omakase.  We were brought a nice variety of both hot and cold dishes, raw and cooked.  The highlight of the meal was the miso black cod.  The dish was placed in the center of the table, and following this was an unanimous chorus of approval as we each tasted this delectable morsel;  definitely umami.  I also enjoyed the nicely seasoned yellowtail sashimi a great deal, but it wasn't the best yellowtail I've had by far.  The rest of the dishes were less memorable, but still well executed.  The final few courses consisted of rolls whose fish to rice ratio was unreasonably high - yeah, I could tell they were trying to fill me up.  Were I to rate the food alone, Nobu would be a solid four star establishment.  But Nobu is a Michelin rated restaurant, and I'd like to rate it by Michelin standards.  These places, in my experience, don't pack their diners in like sardines, and especially don't have patronizing waiters.  I enjoyed my experience at Nobu, but the enjoyment was more about the company than the restaurant itself.  I've been told that Nobu's other locations are much classier than the one on the Vegas strip.  If that's the case, then shame on those Michelin guys for giving this particular location a star.
5	I came here for dinner with a large group, and they never gave us a hard time about last minute changes on the size of the group. Our waiter was attentive, patient, and gave great recommendations, and it was easy to get helped, even though we were seated allll the way in the back of the restaurant. I had the yellowtail with jalapenos and the miso cod, and between all the folks at our table, I tasted a pretty good portion of the menu, including desserts, and nothing was bad. When I go back, I'm getting the lamb chops or the miso cod. Can't wait. Vegas anyone?
3	This place gets props for service and food presentation.  Our waiter was excellent and all his recommendations were spot-on.  The plating of the food was also beautiful - you almost don't want to eat it!  The taste of the food leaves a bit to be desired.  Some of the flavor combinations just did not work for me.  The prices were very steep as well - not good after a tough night at the tables!
4	Best Nobu I've been to in the Nobu family.  I had the omakase which was a true treat. Deducting one star because it was so expensive! Our bill was over $500 for just 2 people but we had some pretty incredible dishes.The portions were quite big too. I left so full! I highly recommend the omakase - such a fun experience and a great way to try all the best dishes.
3	sushi, fish and meat were good, nothing spectacular, except for the prices, kinda wannabe high class for the hard rock party people scene, but some high rollers might dig that scene,  I didn't really think it was that great for bomb sushi!
5	Nirvana - pure nirvana. My taste buds were happy, I was very happy. My BF too me here (my first trip) for our Saturday Night Dinner. We knew when we walked in that we were having the Omakase. I truly cannot pick out one single dish that I liked over the others - every single one was executed perfectly. Our waiter was kind enough to write down what we had so we could remember. Though he didn't write down the sake pairings we had - every single one of them matched perfectly with the dish. My only sadness with the sake is that I can't buy it anywhere since it is made for Nobu (perhaps time to sale it at the restaurant???) Course 1: Kumomoto Oysters, wrapped in smoked salmon with osetra caviar, served with endive and asparagus in sweet and spicy miso sauces (sweet AND spicy? Oysters? What is not to love?) Course 2: Shima Aji Sashimi served in tosazu gelee with micro celery and sea grapes kelp; garnished with pickled turnip (I'm not normally a turnip fan, but you could serve this to me anytime!) Course 3: Bluefin tuna sashimi topped with garlic puree and sliced jalapeno, served with jalapeno emulsion over brown rice salsa (okay a truly unique dish - and it was spicy! You know I like spice in my life!) Course 4: Tasmanian trout trout and seared sweet shrimp sashimi salad served with mache, peppercorn, and spicy lemon dressing. (this fish was so succulent, buttery and full of flavor - if only I could find this in DC) Course 5: Pan seared seagrass, seasonal mushrooms, wild ramps, served in yuzu soy sauce Course 6: Grilled washu beef with eared foie gras, served over yellow sweet corn and snap peas with soy-mirin reduction Course 7: Soup with huge chunks of lobster (yup - HUGE); Loved the little enoki mushrooms in it! Course 8: Sushi: One standout for me - salt water eel with this leaf that kinda tasted like basil and lemon together. Wow - yummy (this from the girl who wouldn't eat eel for a long time). Not that the other offerings weren't good. Course 9: Dessert. Panna Cotta (I think) with strawberry caviar - the caviar was AWESOME! Final: Three types of fruit sake. My favorite was the ginger. I have to say this was one of the highlights of our trip. Thoroughly enjoyed the meal and would gladly go again and again.
3	This was the place I was most looking forward to eating at in Vegas. I'm sad to say I was disappointed. The food was amazing, but the atomosphere and service were way below the the prices they charge. It felt like a cheap club with fantastic food. Very disconnected. Our server was condecending. She seemed annoyed we didn't order "enough" (she'd recommended 2-3 cold dishes, 2-3 hot dishes, and 2 sushi rolls) but that was our choice. We'd had a late lunch. If you just want good food, I'd recommend saving your money and going elsewhere. If you're a 20 or 30-something and want a party atmosphere and don't care about the bill, this could be fun for you.
5	Heaven, I'm in heaven...  I forgot how awesome this place is.  First time at LV outlet.  Been to the NYC restaurant a couple of times.  Just fantastic service and even better food.  Sushi that melts in your mouth.  Miso cod that makes you want to move into the restaurant and never leave.  I didn't take any stars away but the only ding is that its at the Hard Rock.  Dang blasted craps table money stealing Hard Rock ;-)  [just kidding]
5	The staff was well trained, our waiters knew every ingredient and its sole contribution to the dish.  I have been attempting to word this review and I can't seem to express my satisfaction.  Today, I have tasted and experienced the better things in life
5	I love this place.  The food is consistently good, and the service is very good. It is NOT good if you think you are going to have a relaxing dinner conversation.  It is so loud in there that conversation revolves around "What drink did you order?" and mouthing to each other "oh my god...this is so good"  But in fairness, it is in the Hard Rock which is already a loud property, and it is consistent with that cool vibe.
5	Went into Nobu this weekend while in Vegas.  I have been there before, but was reminded that this really is some of the best sushi I have ever tasted.  The service was excellent, and the presentation was great.  Their unique specials were to die for.  I wish they would put one of these in Orange County.
4	Great food but the service wasn't up to par. What we had:Salmon sushimi - fantastically freshSeasonal Aji nigiri - To die forKing crab tempura - just okaySpicy Miso lotus chips with tuna - I can't really remember theseRock shrimp tempura with spicy sauce - pretty decentJapanese style tacos (beef) - very goodbroiled hamachi collar - FANTASTIC - probably my favorite dishSpecial salad with artichoke and a cheese I forget... parm? - TERRIBLEChilean sea bass with miso - nothing special. Dessert:Some chocolate bar thing - MehJapanese doughnuts - AMAZINGMochi - some good, some bad... standard mochiMy main problem with the service is that we had to ask literally 4 times for a second bamboo container of Sake. That's just not star quality service, sorry Nobu.
5	Every time we're in Vegas, we head directly to Nobu in the Hard Rock.  Loved our dinner and our evening.  Our server Aaron was VERY knowledgeable and fun.Had to quickly get our fix of the Yellowtail Serrano.  It did not disappoint! I could have ordered 2 more of these and been in heaven.  The Rock Shrimp Tempura is also a favorite.  We also loved the ceviche.  Seriously, EVERYTHING was delicious.We tried a few different Sakes at our server's suggestion and enjoyed those as well.We were celebrating our Anniversary and they commemorated it with some Mochi Balls on a special plate with a candle.  Nice touch Nobu!
5	Hands down my favorite place to dine anywhere on earth. I make sure I dine at Nobu everytime I visit Vegas (which is quite often). They have lots of "signiture" dishes and they always have a "new" or "special" item or two on their menu. here's a little secret, they have quite a few other "signiture" items that they do not even place on their menu, be sure to ask your server about a few of the great items not listed such as the black miso glazed lettuce cups. The place has an up-beat vibe, modern decor and great music playing, also some of the best people watching in town. It's also VERY common to run into celebs dining there as well. It's a little bit pricy, expect to pay at least $100 per person with a couple of cocktails each(that's prob on the low side to be honest), my last visit cost me over $700 for 3 people but worth every penny, I have paid more at other places in the past for FAR FAR less. As with most any place Fri and Sat evening are their busiest, reservations at peak dining hours 8:00-10:00pm on these nights usually book up 3 weeks in advance so make sure you plan ahead.Side note; I have eaten at both the Nobu in LA and Miami and neither of them compare to the one in Vegas, I'm really not sure why??? I would give LA 4 Stars and Miami 3 Stars. If you had a mediocre or bad experience at another Nobu give the one inside the Hard Rock in Vegas a shot, you will be delighted.
5	Expect to spend some money if you go here. Don't be cheap! Nobu is a great place to go for a special occasion or... if you just have..... a lot of money. The sushi is definitely fresh and the warm dishes are absolutely delicious! The inside is clean, nice and has modern decor. The sushi bar is quite large and there's also a bar and lounge in the front. The spicy tuna roll is different from any other place that I've tried. It does not have the minced up tuna but instead a nice, thick slice of tuna with a spicy, scallion sauce. Also, the rolls have the rice on the inside not on the outside, like you find at most places now a days. The rolls are small, so they fit right into your mouth with one bite. Some things that I recommend are the yellowtail jalapeno... it is to die for. The yellowtail is fresh and the jalapeno pepper gives it a little kick. The black cod miso is absolutely delicious, it melts in your mouth. The rock shrimp tempura is really good as well. They also have new cocktails every month, so ask your server or the bartender what the special cocktails are. The lychee martini is really good!Nobu is also a great place to spot celebrities. If you dine here you'll most likely see at least one celebrity. It's a hot spot.Try Nobu and you won't be disappointed but I have to say again, don't be cheap!!! Enjoy the ambiance and the great food.
5	We have eaten here twice - once on our Honeymoon and once in March 2011.  We are a challenge - vegetarian and Gluten free.  Both times they were extremely accomodating and knowledgable.We had tofu sashimi, hearts of palm salad, a mushroom rice dish, various rolls, and a flourless chocolate cake we will never forget.The ambiance reminds me of an urban outfitter and I mean that in a great way.The service is world-class.  Friendly, appropriately casual and approachable, while also knowledgable.  The food is fantastic.
4	I'm going to just get right to it. Don't bother to order the fried snapper ($100) Save your money for sashimi. Good lord the shashimi was fresh and melt in your mouth. Also, I LOVED the fried salmon skin salad. The dressing was perfectly tart and the textures all worked well together. I loved it was all leafy green so I feel like I made a somewhat healthy choice. The fried snapper, the waiters favorite, was good but after a few bites it was just overwhelmingly greasy. My mom makes an Asian version but with sweet and sour sauce rather than miso based sauce. It would only be worth ordering if you had a party of 4 or more otherwise it's too greasy for two to share. The service was great but we were rubbing elbows with a couple on a date. It was a little awkward esp when I'm with mom haha!
5	This was my first time eating at a Japanese fine dining, and my goodness, I will definitely be back!  We had two omakase menus, the $100 and the $150.  The waiter asked if we had any food allergies, and what our preferences were.  No food allergies, and preferably no raw tentacles.  From that moment on, it was one exciting dish after another.  The order of the dishes were cold, hot, sushi, and dessert.  We were so stuffed by the end of the night, that we couldn't even finish the dessert.  Not that the dessert wasn't good, it was just a lot of food.  The environment was cozy but chic.  The staff were friendly.  One of my favorite restaurants.  I am looking forward to Morimoto's one of these days.
5	One of the best sushi meals I have ever had the pleasure of eating. My brother brought me here for my birthday and we did the 5 course tasting menu which was surprisingly filling.
1	I was declined to be served because I was wearing a tank top, never mind it was an Armani (not your trashy gym tank top). I don't mind spending good money and having a dress code, but if that is not made clear up front BEFORE you enter the premises, then they will never have my business nor my friends.
3	a few of us did the tasting menu and other's ordered ala carte, so we had many dishes to taste from. sashimi was really fresh, place is lively, service was ok.  one of the dishes we ordered was waygu beef, the beef came out and it was so chewy that it was as if you're eating chewing gum and that was their waygu beef???  the seabass we ordered came out over cooked and it wasn't the fatty part of the seabass so it wasn't as smooth as if should of been.  everything else was just ok, nothing we would say "wow, this is as good as eating sushi in japan..."
3	I've been to this location once before, as well as the locations in NYC and San Diego, but I came back to Vegas for the July 4th weekend and came here with a group of friends.  I was looking forward to it because Nobu is one of my favorite restaurants, but it was just our luck that the A/C at the Hard Rock Hotel was broken so it was hot and stuffy inside the whole hotel and restaurant... and then the gas broke so we weren't able to order hot dishes.  Our cold dishes were good, especially the yellowtail sashimi. (my favorite dish there)  We ordered a sushi and sashimi platter, but you can get good sushi and sashimi at most other places.  They offered us free shots of pineapple and mango cocktail, and the service was good for the most part, until they started cleaning our table and spilled water all over my boyfriend.I would come back to this restaurant, but I will probably opt for the NYC or Miami location next.
5	Me: "Hi! Nobu?! Can I make a reservation?"Nobu: "How many is in your party?"Me: "Err...12?  Can you accommodate us, tonight?" *crossing fingers*Nobu: "See you at 8 o'clock, tonight."Me: "Whew!"Trying to make a reservation for 12 last minute is Las Vegas (of all places) is crazy.  Leave it up to the boys, and nothing will get done.  Lesson learned!Anyway, NOBU!  Where have you been all my life?  This is by far one of the best dinning experiences--hands down!  Our waiter asked us how much we wanted to spend per person and built a menu based on our dollar amount.  The first course arrived, and the boys made a comment of how they would have to hit up a McDonald's since the portions were so small.  The courses got better and better as the meal progressed.  When the check came, the waiter stayed under our budget (with alcohol) and the boys left with full tummies.  Thanks, Nobu!  I'm definitely looking forward to dinning here again.P.S:  SIX WORDS: BLACK COD WRAPPED IN BUTTER LETTUCE!
4	I came here for dinner while I was visiting Las Vegas and was impressed.  All the food was fresh and very tasty.
2	I had never been to any of the Nobus but I was expecting a lot for from this restaurant - for these prices, I expect to have something, anything, jump out at me and slap me across the face.Two of us went and tried the following:1) Salmon Belly - $30. meh - had a wierd honey mustard sauce on them.2) Uni tempura - $15-20 (i forget) - it was okay but nothing special.3) Black cod Miso - $20ish - fine, but this is a cliche at japanese restaurants at this point.  They tried to offer it in "lettuce wrap" form which should have been a huge red flag.4) Live Scallop - the best dish we tried - simple, spicy. i forget the price.5) BIG MISTAKE - Kobe beef tacos. $42. Three tacos, half the size of our palm, and tasted like street meat. It was difficult to avoid fried, saucy, overwrought dishes.  If I were to characterize this restaurant in one sentence it would be:Japanese Cheesecake Factory.We ordered a couple bottles of Sake which pushed up the final price, but we wound up spending about $180 per person for a very mediocre meal that left us still kind of hungry. Atmosphere (in the Hard Rock Hotel) was also subpar - could have been any vegas restaurant and the service was not particularly good either.If you're going to blow this kind of money, spend it at the Spearmint Rhino.
5	Best meal EVER!!!! Came here for my friends bachlorette party since it was being paid for by another friends boyfriend. Gotta love a high roller!So there were 13 of us in our party & they were jumping through hoops for us. The service was the best I have ever had in Vegas.We decided to let the chef make us his best stuff and boy are we glad we did. The amazing food just kept coming out. There were so many dishes it was hard to keep track. My favorite was the black cod and the lobster. We had bubbly flowing & so much sake I could barely get up without falling over!The bill ended up being over 3 grand for 13 people with endless drinks & endless food & desserts.By far the best meal I have ever had the pleasure of eating & it didnt cost me a thing. BONUS!Its good to be a woman...
5	I can't believe every review isn't 5 stars.  This was the BEST meal I have ever had.Service:  5 starsFood:  5 starsDecor:  5 starsCocktails:  5 stars SO basically Nobu gets 20 stars.  Well done.There were 7 of us, and we really liked our server from the start so we decided to let him know a couple of the standard rolls we wanted, and let him pick the rest (we wanted to try new things).  HOLY jesus they appetizers alone were amazing.We started with the Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno and it melted in your mouth; Black Cod Miso (My FAVORITE - I could have eaten 100 of these), and Bluefin Toro Tartar with Caviar.  All perfect.Then we ordered a mix of rolls which were all amazing.  I just can't say enough good things about this place.  OH and I got a chocolate banana martini and my gf's got the cucumber martini's and they were outstanding.
5	BEST. SUSHI. EXPERIENCE. OF. MY. LIFE.Wow, that is all I can say. Each and every dish tried was to die for. Don't get me wrong, it cost us a fortune- we had a large group and they serve small plates. So naturally we ordered a LOT of plates. But I swear, it is worth splurging here.We had an awesome waiter! He was funny, friendly, and made great recommendations. He advised us on how to use the menu and where to start. Our favorite dishes were the Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno, and one more sashimi dish (I can't remember what it was called!) They were perfectly simple and fresh. They weren't drenched in sauce like many other sushi bars you experience. I'm pretty sure I could have eaten this for the rest of my life. Try it. It's worth the money.
5	Sometimes food can be an earth rocking experience, and that sometimes, summarizes every single visit I've ever had to Nobu.There really isn't much I can say at this point that can convince you this is one of the finest Japanese restaurants in the country. 400+ Yelp reviews, and almost all of them are 4 and 5 stars.I will just leave you with some advice:1. Don't come here drunk. You will leave with a bill that is closer to a G. You may not enjoy it as much either.2. Order the Black Cod Miso. Hands down the best dish that I've ever tasted.3. You can come in a large group, but groups of 4 are best. They serve small plates. Intimate dining at it's best.4. Service is solid, be sure to tip well. This isn't the Outback or Chili's. Don't treat it like your typical Vegas fare.5. Yes, it's a chain now. It never used to be. But the quality hasn't skipped a beat.6. Go to Nobu in every city you visit (if there is one).7. Make a reservation.Follow these rules, and you will have one of the best dining experiences of your life.Be prepared to spend some coin. It is worth it. Peace out.
5	A sushi place in Vegas automatically rings alarms in my head.  I thought they would overprice everything for average food.  Absolutely not.  This place had prices that you'd find anywhere in DC/MD/VA.  The only thing that was better than the quality of food was the quality of service.  Our waiter gave us honest recommendations, paired our foods with sake, and didn't even include gratuity on our party of 9.  Obviously we tipped him big time for all his work.All the rolls were all amazing.  The Black Cod Miso appetizer was money.  I can't think of a single negative thing about this restaurant.  Don't be afraid to spend money here, and don't go to Vegas if you don't have money to spend.This will be my go-to place whenever I'm in Vegas.
3	On my most recent and likely last (for awhile) Vegas trip, my intentions were to eat at some top-notch restaurants...We stayed at the Hard Rock and headed to Nobu...Nobu was on a Friday night about 8:30pm after being at the Ditch Day Pool Party at the Palms all day...needless to say we were hungry!Very vibrant atmosphere and great for a starter to the nights activities...Our first try was the Washu Beef tataki style which we ordered rare...FABULOUS!!Then onto the Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno (whoever was the first to pair these two is a genius) you can never go wrong with yellow-tailRolls and Sushi were fresh and good...the restaurant was packed and I can see why...would definitely go again
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I'm a huge self-admitted sushi addict and my husband is Peruvian, so Nobu seemed a logical choice for our 7th anniversary dinner.  Aside from the villainous penny slots  just outside the door, it was the perfect choice. We started out with the Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno.  Yellowtail is by far my favorite raw fish and I've had a similar dish at several excellent Bay Area restaurants, but this was by far the most flavorful rendering of this dish that I've had. The sashimi was also not razor thin which was an awesome added bonus (honestly, I've gotten use to the fact that fine dining, particularly in Vegas, means small portions and high prices so the amount of fish was a pleasant surprise. Next, we tried the Tiradito Nobu Style with some type of halibut like fish.  Now, here the fish was razor thin, but came out with a dot of rocoto, a block of rock salt, the traditional lime juice and a side of cilantro.  My husband says this is exactly what Tiradito is supposed to taste like, which makes me want to spend significantly more time in Peru.  It was amazing.We then moved on to the Black Cod Miso next and honestly, this was the only part of the meal that I was underwhelmed by.  I know that this is supposed to be the signature hot dish at Nobu, but I've had a very similar dish at both Morimoto Napa and at Hyakumi at Cesar's Palace and the texture of the fish wasn't the melt in your mouth awesomeness that I have come to expect from the dish. The flavor was right on, and if I'd never had black cod before, I would have loved it.  So, we moved back to the cold dishes and tried the New Style Salmon Sashimi (new style because it's served with ginger, and some other amazing deliciousnesss that I can't recall right now), finishing off the savory with the Toro Green Onion Maki (Cut).  They were both amazing. What shocked me was how incredibly amazing the two desserts we had were.  We tried the bento box, a flourless chocolate cake with house-made green tea ice cream, and this peach cobbler like dish with almond miso crumble and ginger ice cream.  I don't know if anyone else finds some green tea ice cream to sometimes taste vaguely like lipstick, but this ice cream was delicate and a beautiful companion to the rich chocolate cake.  The warm peaches with the crumble and (again not overpowering) ginger ice cream was a highlight of my whole trip to Vegas.  (And I'm not really a dessert person)Okay, this review is way too long, and I didn't even mention the impeccable service.  I can't wait to go back and wish there was a Nobu in the Bay Area.
4	I had been to Nobu a couple times in the past, good sushi, nice rolls, nothing that blew me away.  That changed this last time.  I went with a group of colleagues and rather than order off the menu, we had the waiter pick some dishes and have them bring them out and it was fantastic.  We had a variety of fish dishes, some sliced super thin with great seasonings, my favorite was one that had a great ginger finish to it.  If you get the chance to let the waiters pick a variety of dishes for you, I highly recommend it.
5	In a word PERFECT.  In a few words, unbelievably amazing.  You cannot put more care, soul, and most importantly flavor into the detail of every slice, every sauce, and every delicately placed item on each plate. Private label Sake is of the best i've had. Service was spot on.Must haves:Yellowtail Sashimi with JalapenoBlack Cod Miso lettuce cupsRock Shrimp Tempura with Creamy Spicy SauceBroiled Yellowtail Collar
2	Nobu, Nobu, you truly failed me.I really love your sushi. I do. I come here every time I come in Vegas. And this time, when I had my S.O., you failed me. Sigh.We ordered Miso (normal), Salmon glazed in miso (OK, but not the special, wonderful dish I'm used to), and a mixed sushi platter.The rice was too sticky, the nigiri were on the point of self-destruction, and the fish was "good", but not excellent.And boy, Nobu, for your prices, I expect EXCELLENT.
2	Night number two was NOBU located at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. Our server was younger and unpolished. The menu was overwhelming with choices and pricey. The three of us agreed on what we wanted and away we went. Out of what we ordered there are two highlights, the yellow tail with jalapeno and the Kobe beef. Again, none of the rolls were spectacular; in fact we sent one back because it tasted too fishy. I didn't feel it was worth what I spent, and felt I have had better sushi in Colorado and Houston!FIND PICTURES ON http://jenn-uncorked.com
3	I read the reviews while waiting for the server to come and introduced himself to us.  Placed in the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, this place mixes the traditional Japanese seafood restaurant with some urban flair.  This place was pretty darn expensive, but I guess when it comes to fine dining, anything goes.  Thankfully with my appetite, one entree was good enough with white rice. I had the sauteed eggplant, while my friends had other dishes with some sake on the side. Had an asahi beer too.The ambiance was never quiet, but it fit the bill.  The tab came out to over $100, but I guess it works for them.  The service was spot on, and the server automatically poured our beers without asking into a cup.  Thought that was pretty regal.  Other than that, I wouldn't say it sucked.  But yet, it didn't give my seal of approval either.  Granted that it was expensive, I could've used the money for other things, like gambling.
3	I didn't find this place to be amazing for the price I paid.  But I guess that is to be expected when you're in Vegas.  Over priced food.I ordered some salmon nigiri and their "specialty" roll.  Honestly, I would have had better at my local place (Maru).  The salmon portion is less than what I get at Maru and the "specialty" roll was so-so. I know Nobu is a big deal in the culinary world, so I probably just need to shell out the bills to try the amazing stuff. -- One day.
3	This is the 2nd time I've been to Nobu Las Vegas, the first time was probably 8 years ago and I remember loving the food!  This time, I was underwhelmed and here are the reasons why:1. New style sashimi isn't really new anymore, it's been around for a dang long time and to be honest, it's kinda played out.  S.B. and I both agreed that the plain sashimi was way better.  One suggestion would be to keep the sauces on the side rather than drowning the delicate fish...2. Confusing menu - they had filet mignon in about 4 places on the menu, all with cryptic descriptions and different prices - once on the specials, twice on the hot items, and again on the last page.  I asked the waiter what was the difference between them all, and he wasn't able to articulate it.  We settled on the one with uni butter and peruvian potato salad ($50), it was char grilled and tender, but the cabernet sauce was way too sweet.3. The format made me think of a deconstructed combo plate, where you pick and choose off of the different menus, but in the end you basically had a combo plate - complete with teriyaki chicken, salad, and tempura!Don't get me wrong, the food was still very good, but the experience just didn't have the same wow factor.  I guess back in the day, this was kinda revolutionary for a Japanese restaurant.  It was high end, high quality, modern ambiance, and modern preparation, but 10 years later, after everyone and their mother has copied this format, it's just common.Back to the drawing board Nobu!
5	Best sushi ever.  Also most expensive sushi bill ever.  If you have the money, eat your heart out here...it's definitely worth it!  I sat at the bar and the chef I talked to was Japanese and lived in another part of Japan that I worked in too (similar situation as at Taka Sushi) and was super friendly.  I think I sat eating here non-stop for 3 hours haha.
4	My first and second visits here were hands down 5 stars. The food was delicious and interesting, and the atmosphere was pleasant. My third and possibly last trip was mediocre. They have opened up a new club at the Hard Rock, and the crowd was a bit too loud and lively for a fine dining restaurant. Their foie gras was delicious, but their sushi wasn't as good as previous trips. If I go again, I'm likely to stick to their hot dishes.
4	Best misoyaki butterfish I ever had!  The sake, which I cant remember the name was also great.  I don't know why I have less of an issue dropping some $$$ on high end Japanese food than high end Chinese food.  Hmmmm....
4	The new style sashimi with the whitefish which was halibut was amazing! Their Salmon sushi and Japanese Red Snapper was awesome! Overall it was a great dinner and nothing was disappointing.
3	My expectations were pretty high when coming here.  For a notable restaurant, I expected a pretty damn good execution of everything.  I went with the omakase, consisting of 8 dishes including dessert.  Some of the stand-outs included the Hamachi Tartare, the Barracuda Salad, and the dessert notably named "Bento Box".  The Bento Box consisted of white chocolate sauce in a flourless chocolate cake, with green tea gelato and berries on the side.  A little excessive yes, but it was effective.  The first couple of rounds of the omakase were the cold dishes, which were acceptable, as I expected small portions of dishes to come out.  However, I was surprised (and almost annoyed with the second half of the omakase, which consisted of warm dishes that basically over-powering and excessive.  They could pretty much act as their own entree.tl;dr  The cold dishes are tiny, the warm dishes are a whole lot.With that said, the price of $110 is worth the 8-course meal, but I was slightly annoyed at how small and then how big the proportions were.  The quality was fine, but I wasn't satisfied at the end.
5	Few times in my life have I been speechless during a meal. I know that sounds very cliche but its true. My friend and I decided to do an all out dinner on July 4th weekend so I promised her an unforgettable meal at Nobu. I heard great things about this place and all was true.We went for the Chef's special, around 8 courses in total, each one better than the one before. The waiter knew every dish by heart and can talk about a dish like its a piece of art (many of them looked like pieces of art)Even the Green Tea was amazing.Only twice have I ever had a Sushi meal that I will remember for the rest of my life. Once when I went to Japan and Nobu. If you really want to empress a lady friend, or want to have a great start to a Las Vegas Night, you need to eat here when visiting Vegas.Remember its not cheap, I dropped a few bills on this meal.But I Didn't care
5	Order the Black Cod Miso! Hands down the best fish that I've ever tasted.
5	I love coming here for many reasons. Last night I went yet again and it is quite the experience,1.  Parking -easy enough as this is the Hard Rock. You can do valet or self park and it is a small walk. 2.  Ambiance-  well appointed place with perfect mood lighting. Yes you may have to bring your uncool reading glasses to see the menu!3.  Service-  freaking outstanding. I don't think my water glass was ever empty. I dropped my chopsticks between courses and in swooped a new one immediately!  Love how they are well trained and can explain the dishes. 4.  Food -as usual I ordered the Omakase chef choice menu and was amazed at the gastronomic experience. It was simply unforgettable. 5.  Mula -  bring the do re mi as this place is expensive "tres cher" however it is worth it!!!Gotta check this place out. And if ya gotta use the restroom be sure to bring tip money as on weekends they have attendants in the Hard Rock Restrooms
5	This is the best Nobu.  Better than NY, better than Milan, better than Dallas, better than LA...I know it is in the middle of the desert, but this place always delivers and still has a great vibe.The kobe beef nigiri is amazing (even better than the off-menu kobe sliders at nobu NY)
4	Didnt really like the kobe beef.  i liked the lamb tenderloin better.  the meal was expensive $160 for just me.  The service was great i just expected more from the kobe beef
2	I was really excited to eat here, especially with all the hype.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  There were 8 of us for a bachelorette party, the service was poor considering the price point for this restaurant.While the server did warn us the rolls are 'very standard', It seems like if you're a sushi/japanese restaurant of this reputation you should have 'standard' anything.Granted the yellowtail with jalapeno was nice, but again - not drop your jaw amazing.Besides that, the taxi line at the hard rock is NOT worth it.
5	This is, quite simply, the best food that I have ever eaten. I come here every two years for a packaging convention and I try to make Nobu a treat for my key employees. It is expensive, to be sure, but the food is so worth it. This is not a "slap on the feed bag joint".  It is meant to be enjoyed over a couple of hours.  The plates are small but are meant to be shared with friends. You should order a few plates so that each bite is savored and you get to try multiple kinds of food. Hot and cold dishes with a Japanese/Peruvian flair. Cold sake in a bamboo pitcher and shot glasses. We had a few cold dishes...salmon, oysters, edamame, and a couple more.Hot dishes of black miso cod, sea bass, scallops.....Bento Box flowerless chocolate cake, green tea ice cream, a peach dish and an apple donut plate that was beyond belief. Great ambiance, service and food. A delicious treat.
5	Shashito peppers, Black Cod with miso, fried crab legs, and Sake--makes this girl very happy!Yummie!Ubber expensive, great service, and super good!
4	So obviously if you are going here you know what to expect. We had a great experience. Our server was one of the ones who went to open Dubai, so we were well taken care of. He did warn us because of our reservation time (10:15P) and kitchen closing (11P), that he was unsure how they would send out what we ordered. So we were prepared. Of course, if you are spending Nobu money my feeling is the chefs serve until you are done. But that is the only reason for the 4th star, well and another completely over priced wine list. I have been to Nobu Next Door in NYC, so this was a different experience.Onto the food; We jumped all over the menu but stayed away from the sashimi because that seemed over priced for sashimi. We ended up with a few hand rolls that were great because the Nori was crispy (which seems tough for other places to pull off). From there we also had the Yellowtail with Jalapeno, as always. Then we had the lobster ceviche, and a couple lobster tacos as well. Both good and the lobster was great.Make sure you get the Black Cod with Miso in lettuce. Awesome! just eat it straight away because it comes warm.If you haven't been, go!
1	This would have been four stars, but the inner kitchen made a serious error.  The decor was natural, grounding, with a slightly modern twist.  The restaurant was too loud, but the noise was voices and the casino a bit.  It would have been much better if it wasn't so loud and you could concentrate on the food.  I ordered the specialty tasting menu which is a seven course meal that is over a hundred dollars.  I made it known to my server that I eat "Kosher style only fish that have scales and fins, when alive e.g., salmon, Tuna, white fish, etc, No shell fish under any circumstances, lard, red meat, or gelatin unless it is seaweed gelatin."   The hors d'oeuvres, salad, and specialty roles were amazing!  They told stories in my mouth and gave me a unique and exhilarating experience. The warm dishes were good, but the specialty rolls are so much better.  Stay away from the basic sashmi and regular rolls.  It wasn't worth it for the price.   The fiasco really started when I was given miso soup with shells in it!  That type of error should NOT happen.  It was a mistake in the kitchen, but the manager was very lucky that I was not allergic.  While she apologized, and asked how she could make it right.  I had to suggest a discount.  I think that it should have been immediately offered.  To the manager's credit she did ask if I had a shell fish allergy, and she did go immediately to talk to the kitchen, but that kind of error is inexcusable to me.  This is especially true given how much I stressed no shell fish and how severe shell fish allergies can be.
5	Nobu is like a foodie dream come true. First off, the ambiance was lovely---the noise level was definitely on the high side but I didn't mind. We had a group of 5 people so we ordered several small plates. We started off with two cold dishes: oysters and yellowtail belly special. Hot dishes: Scallops with Spicy Garlic and Kobe Beef Gyoza. And different varieties of sushi afterwards. You really can't go wrong with any of these. The desserts were truly a revelation and the perfect way to end the meal: Yuzu panna cotta with raspberry mango caviar and raspberry sorbet; Flourless chocolate molten cake with green tea ice cream; and the miso brioche/apple donuts with caramel sauce. I won't bother using any adjectives like "delicious" or "amazing" because I think the descriptions speak for themselves. End of story.
2	Can we say PRETENTIOUS? First impression: reservation was confirmed via OpenTable, but somehow the hostess said that our reservation was not there. She looked around (the restaurant was about 10% filled) and hesitated, then said something along the lines of "I suppose we can seat you anyway"Waiter: talked out of his ass. SERIOUSLY. This guy had no idea what he was saying!!! He tried to sound extremely educated in food once I told him I was a huge fan of Nobu and that I had all his cookbooks and loved them all. When describing the lobster risotto, he said "and the way the chef prepares the risotto with the wakame and the seaweed...." HI. wakame IS seaweed. "the mirugai and the giant clam we call geoduck..." HI. can you be any more redundant? Don't try to play fancy foreign word games with me like I have no clue what you're saying. I flashed my best smile everytime he came to word vomit. He had good intentions, but it was borderline offensive that he tried to add in japanese words as if we didn't know what they meant.PROs: the staff is very attentive, very quick to remove finished plates so that the next course can be served. We never had to ask for a refill of water because of how attentive the wait staff was. The food was good, albiet pretentious... (I would never ever pay $30 for five paper-thin slices of hamachi with little slivers of jalapeno and overly acidic ponzu again), The menu was innovative, modern, and divided into clear categories to help you order a little bit of every category. The wait staff is very helpful with describing dishes, recommending dishes, and answering questions you have about the menu.CONs: again, extremely frou frou Japnese food. The price is not reflective of the quality of food. $40 for a tiny amount of risotto served in a fancy big plate that looks like a bowl... PLEASE. The black cod was not fresh-- it seemed like the miso was attemting to cover up the slightly old taste of the black cod... The ceviche hurt my masseters. I probably made the ugliest little puckerface from the acid in the ceviche $35 tiny bowl of ceviche. I'm fine with paying good money for good food, but honestly, Nobu was a let down. If it's tiny portions, at least make them SPECTACULAR tiny portions. Spectacular it was not.We left hungry, and went for a real dinner afterwards. Sorry, Nobu. Maybe we'll try another one of your restaurants, but definitely not Las Vegas.
5	Bottom line: Best Japanese in a town of lots of good Japanese.When our new baby turned 2 months old, my husband and I decided it was time for a real, baby-free date. Seeing as how I had not eaten sushi for the preceding 9 months, it had been on my mind for a long time. And when I want some serious sushi, there's only one place to go - NOBU!In all actuality, you shouldn't really order off the sushi menu at Nobu - it's good and all, but it's about twice as much as comparable sushi at, say, Osaka. What you really want is the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno, the black cod with miso, and whatever else your perfectly-attentive-but-not-really-there waiter recommends. Not sure what else I can add that hasn't been said already, but if you're willing to spend the money, Nobu is awesome. Side note: if you are there early, and have a small party, you can probably find seats in the lounge or at the sushi bar (still full menu). Otherwise, MAKE RESERVATIONS! Just because the restaurant isn't all that full when you arrive, doesn't mean that it is not booked.
5	Unbelievably excellent sushi. Two of us ate for $156 (no alcohol and a freebie Yellowtail & Jalapeno) and needed a midnight snack. The top of the line Toro Oh is incredible. Two pieces of sushi for $38. We saw a homeless guy on Swenton and Paradise 3 minutes before we were seated. I felt guilty about this indulgence for about .3 seconds. Black cod lettuce wraps and Japanese snapper/Miso were the hits. No misses.Make a reservation!! And don't gamble at the Hard Rock, worst odds on or near the Strip.
4	the miso cod and snow crab cooked dishes are to die for .. as well grade a sushi perfection
3	My friend and I were staying at the Hard Rock and wanted something to eat, but didn't want to go to the strip. We had already went to Nobu Next Door in New York and thought that the food was mediocre, but why not give it another chance?Again, the food was ok. We had the specials that the waiter recommended. The dishes didn't at all impress me. Another miss. However, the cocktails were delicious! Especially the cucumber one, so refreshing!
4	A good, high-end sushi place.It's pleasing that they enforce a dress code being that it's within the Hard Rock that can border trashy.The sushi is fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh.  You're paying for quality and you are getting it.
5	Best sushi ever!!! We could not get a table without a reservation but that worked out perfectly because we ended up at the sushi bar. You can order your sushi items right to the chefs, who prepare your sushi right in front of you. It is the perfect spot to sit if you are flying solo or with one other person. The crispy rice with big eye tuna was so good that I wanted to go back just for that! Actually, I still daydream about it and would go back just for that!
3	Came to this location around my birthday, and was not that impressed with all the rave reviews I have heard, and read about the place. Situated in the Hard Rock Hotel, on a night there were more industry people here from a convention drinking up beers and having what I deem fusion food. One of the dishes that stood out, tempura uni, as it was definitely interesting on the menu, and the price was about right, until it came to the table as one piece, and the rest was vegetable bits. I know you are supposed to be high end, but don't tease that way. And uni should only be eaten raw and fresh, as it was a waste to deep fry this sucker, and practically turn it to goo.I felt like I was at a bar & grill then I was in a high end restaurant the day I was here, as it felt like an "industry night". The dishes that came to our table were nicely presented, for the price your paying, I guess some art work must be done to the plate to be able to charge you.It is an experience, and maybe I was here on an off day. Harder to get to as it is off the strip.
4	Came here in early June, and had to take an extra cab since it's off the strip.I think we had a roll that was just comprised of an assortment of raw fish which was unremarkable, but we also asked the waiter the crowd favorites, and we got the Miso-cod, and hamachi sashimi with jalepeno, which were heaven sent. I'd never had cooked fish as melt-y, velvet-y as that black cod, and the marinade they used was Amazing. Portions are miniscule, but that's because this is 1%-ers place, and they never eat much.The atmospohere is as swanky as you would expect in Vegas, with the dim lighting and the bamboo stick-pillars which are strategically placed throughout the establishment to remind you you've crossed the "eastern exotic" threshold. I know I sleep on a bed of rice and panda fur to keep myself authentically Asian. I think we had sake or water that was poured out of bamboo shoot-looking vases as well. The waiter looked a little annoyed we spent less than $200 here. It felt like jewelry store, commission driven pressure. Still, hella good food.
4	Much like almost everything in Las Vegas, this is just a generic duplicate of the NObu back in NYC. Thankfully, everything was just as delicious. I wish they would open a Nobu in SF!!!
2	Food is good and for sushi lovers it is somewhere to check off your list but,  for the price  I expected more, a lot more. The reason for only two stars is the servers are rude and arrogant when I asked if they had the real wasabi root and if I could have a side the waiter asked me if I would like ketchup with it as well. Not sure why the attitude over a simple question and a common request.
4	Nobu is my fave chain restaurant. this wasn't one of my fave locations. I feel the decor was not up to par with other locations such as Nobu 57, Nobu Berkley or Nobu in west Hollywood. the food and service on the other hand are always top notch. They had my favourite wine (joh.jos. prum) which they seem to only have in 1/2 of their locations. The prices at this location seemed to be on the high side. $40 for 2 pieces of toro sushi, which is usually a staple for me but i decided to pass on it)FoodYellow tail Sashimi with Jalapeno Nobu style tacos- beef and tunabeef tatakiTenderloin of Beef Toban Yaki- yummytoro and scallion rollI would highly recommend any of these dishes
5	Food is delicious!  Yellowtail, salmon, etc. sashimi melts in your mouth...big fan of the sushi salad, spicy miso lotus 'Chips' with tuna, and had to order more of the shrimp w/ main lobster with spicy garlic sauce!  Great service, our reservations were all set. Considering the restaurant was packed - food came quickly after we ordered.  Pricey, but here you get what you pay for!I would definitely eat there again...
5	This the best place i have been to, i visit here about 2 years ago and till this day i still remember the Otoro (Fatty tuna) It was truly a orgasmic experience in my palate. It just has been the most delicious thing i have ever eaten in my life. The Best $42 dollars for 2 pieces of fish ever spent. Will do it again anytime! i had some rolls and they were also outstanding.I wish i could write more about this place and hopefully i will get to sooner than later. but for the time being i highly urge you to try the Otoro(fatty tuna) in this place. Guaranteed it will be well spent money!
4	It's difficult to find a restaurant that can handle a large group party and still maintain the integrity of the food.    Located in the notorious Hard Rock Hotel just off the Las Vegas Strip, Nobu is solid place, especially for those convention group dinners.  One part rock n' roll, with the dancers on poles in the lobby, and all the rock memorabilia, one part zen with wooden Japanese inspired interior, and one part subtle decadence with the most amazing Japanese meal that I've had in long time.  Here's what we ordered: Hamachi with jalapeno and cilantroWashu BeefLobster Salad with spicy lemon dressingRock Shrimp Tempura - always a crowd pleaser Black Cod with Miso wrapped in butter lettuceFresh Lobster with shaved black truffle - show stopper endingSake served in bamboo carafe and bamboo sake glassesWith all the Nobu's chains are popping up all over the world, and everyone saying, "This is my favorite restaurant" all the time, I dismissed Nobu for a while, but  after this meal, they are back on my radar.  Trendy, yet the food speaks for itself.  What a noteworthy and memorable meal.  I love that Nobu uses delicate sauces, that compliment the food, instead of masking it with salt and soy that most fusion restaurants tend to do.  Definitely an impressive meal for all our guests.  Great for groups!
3	Typically delicious sushi, very good izakaya, but the noise, the noise! What? I can't hear you over the frat party in the next table chugging beers and screaming at each other. What? No, the management never asked them to tone it down, just kept serving. What? No, I wouldn't go back, there's just as good elsewhere on the strip.
4	Stopped in here on the fly a few weeks ago during a short trip to Vegas.We rolled in on a Saturday night around 8pm and there was no wait for the sushi bar even though the place was packed we were very quickly seated.Before I could even blink we had water in front of us and our drink orders were filled. The service was excellent, staff was friendly, and the sushi chefs were hilarious and very quick. Fish was excellent obviously. A little overpriced but it was well worth it. Nobu is always on point!
4	holy crap, the food here was so good!  We had all different kinds of dishes - sashimi, hot dishes, various lettuce wraps, etc., and everything was SO TASTY.  They even made us some dishes that weren't on the menu that my friend requested from the Matsuhisa menu.  The service was also great - they explained all the dishes as they came out and kept our water glasses full.  The one thing I was NOT a fan of was the flavored fruity sakes.  They tasted like fruit roll ups or jam, and they were just not very pleasant.  I did however enjoy my peruvian caipirinha, and would recommend that.  Also enjoyed a couple sips of my friend's johnny blue, but when is that NOT the case?  Had mochi ice cream for dessert, and they had some awesome flavors you can't find elsewhere like red velvet.  It's weird that my first Nobu experience was in Vegas, given that I live in LA, but now I'm excited to check out the Nobus near home!  :)
4	I've only had the pleasure of going there once, but it was memorable for sure! My boss loves sushi as much as I do and he went there on his last trip and highly recommended it. Before I left for Vegas he said go to Nobu and spend $150 on him!!! Nice boss! I sat at the sushi bar and told my chef it was my first time and to make me something good and he certainly did. I left it all up to him and he served me numerous plates of fancy sashimi...salmon, yellowtail, barracuda, and more! I thought I would miss rice, but I did not. I had a Japanese beer and 2 glasses of red. I had no idea how much the check would be...turned out to be about $135 + tip, which worked out well for my budget! lol p.s. the wine was $17/glass...ouch. Anyway, I never ate so much sashimi before and enjoyed every bite!Oh and  the waiter I had was really nice and attentive.
5	perfect
5	Holy Vegas. This place takes Japanese food and sushi to a whole other level. I guess you get what you pay for. I'm glad this place isn't in Seattle or else I'd be one broke individual.Their food is heavenly. I'm talking heavenly, and I have had a lot of really good omakases before. Their sashimi is a cut above the rest! Fresh, meaty, delicious, I'm talking mouthgasms over and over and over.This place is not just a restaurant, it's an experience. Nom nom nom.
5	O.M.G.  If you have the chance (and the money) to go here its amazing.  My wife and I went for our anniversary and did a 6 course meal prepared at random by the chef.  It was the most interesting and exotic meal I have every had.  Each course was brought out and explained, with no knowledge of the next dish. Everything was fresh and tasty.  Would highly recommend if you are up for adventurous dining!
5	Nobu Vegas is the best of the bunch that I've been to - Malibu, NYC, Miami. Never disappoints! Make sure to try the house specialties - Yellowtail with Jalapeno; Crispy Rice with tuns, tenderloin of beef toban yake; eggplant with miso in lettuce cups. YUM! Also usually good for a celeb sighting or two! I make it a point to hit Nobu every time I'm in Vegas!
5	JESUS HAS RETURNED...in the form of Black Cod Miso.
1	Been here 2 Times. dissapointed. I ve Been to tao Dubai & losangeles & Compared to them. Skip this One & go to TAO
4	Food is good.  I like especially the kumomoto oysters.  They have four different sauces all is great!  It's a little outdated though with it's decor and Hard Rock's Hotel crowd is little loud for the clientele at Nobu.  I don't know if they are planning to stay open after they open the one in Ceacars Palace this fall of 2012.  Running into celebrities there is always fun.  Last time we saw Usher!!  Who cares if the food is just good after you sell a kidney just to eat there!  LOL
1	A disappointment all together. Food was good - not great...Server good - not great.....Busser - terrible!!!For that kind of restaurant and price I would have expected courteous and professional staff. Busser literally busted in between me and my son on 3 different occasions just grabbing plates without regard for whether we were done or in the middle of conversation. (We sat at the sushi bar). Final straw was when I was sitting with my napkin in my hand and he quite literally yanked it out of my hand - REALLY!!!! It took a lot of self-control not to stand up and yell out after him. We will never come again to endure that kind of treatment for a tab of $230 for two.
5	I have been here a few times now and I would go back again.  The food has not been a disappointment. The Rock Shrimp Tempura and every roll I have had was very fresh.  The server was GREAT the first time.  Everything was prompt and he explained everything politely.  The second time our server was nice but was never there and barely spoke to us.  That is okay though...all the food runners were really cool...popping jokes.
5	At the time of this review, there were 507 preceding mine. Why bother? I asked myself.If a Yelper can't conclude what this place is about in the first ten or so reviews, (4 stars or higher) how's mine going to make a difference?Then it hit me.I could review the table setting..So here you go, my review of Nobu Las Vegas, and my table experience.Our table was nice and had all the features one would expect of a nice table such as legs and a top.It didn't wobble either, nice and firm, some may even say heavy. And it was slightly rectangular, with a nice wood surface. Very pleasant looking.Adorning our table were some chopsticks, and a couple of plates. The plates were nice. Small but nice, and as plates go, they seemed a better quality of porcelain than most. They were also square. This caught my eye right away, as I sat there thinking, "Gee, these plates are square...how cool is that?"And highly functional too!We used them to eat our food from, carefully filling them with food from the serving dish, which was also nice, only much bigger and a lot  nicer than our little square platesWhen the food was on our small square plate, we then used our chopsticks to start eating, which I should mention, worked just fine. Now let me stop here.It would be sinful of me not to mention the chopstick presentation.My chopsticks came in a nicely wrapped white package, similar to what drinking straws come wrapped in. However.Our server, opened them up for us, carefully placing them on a cute little black rock. Or maybe it was a stone. I'm not certain. The stone was small and black, and looked like it might have been some kind of vintage variety of stone, (or rock) that I've never seen before...almost resembling an Apache Tear or something. It may have been volcanic too, I'm not sure. This is what made me think it was a stone or lava, and not a rock.Anyways, kudos on the stone selection. Then there was the little container of soy sauce. OMG!It was small and looked like a miniature teapot, like something Alice would use when she was small Alice and not big Alice. I take that back. It would have been about the same size as small Alice, so forget i said that.Anywho,  it was white, and cute, and had a nice little pouring spout. Overall, my table was amazing. Its size and shape. Just the perfect thing to eat off of. Nice and clean too, adorned with plates, a cute stone, some chopsticks, and a miniature teapot.Oh, and one more thing. There was a napkin too. I think it was linen but I''m not sure. Large and colorful, it did a nice job of wiping my face, hands, and, I think I even  may have sneezed into it once. I don't recall, but I'm pretty sure i did. The large napkin would have been a bonus had I needed to spit anything out that didn't suit me,  leaving a large unused portion of it to clean up with afterward.But fortunately, I didn't have to spit anything out.Probably never will either... not as good as their food is. If you go, I highly recommend one of the small rectangular tables.They're soooo amazing.
5	Unbelievable meal. Would not recommend getting sushi here the cooked dishes are definitely the way to go. Sushi was pretty standard but very expensive.  I was not wowed by the quality of the fish and considering the price I think there are better spots for sushi.  The fried snapper, chili paste and truffle oil edamame, hamachi with ponzu sauce,  and fried rice balls with spicy tuna. were some of my favorite dishes.
4	Okay, I have eaten at many of the now 22 Nobu around the globe. There are great fun restaurants.  The waiters are generally very good and our last trip to Vegas landed us with a great waiter.  I think his name was Chris but his sister also worked for the company and he was very knowledgeable and entertaining with the food selections.  Spicy popcorn shrimp are not to be missed!  Anyway, I almost always enjoy this place and struggle to break out of this "rut" and go someplace else in a city like Vegas.  We just have so little alone time (without our kids) that a sure thing like Nobu is just that a "sure thing".  Very hip, great food, great drinks (our waiter made me a special martini with infused serano peppers in it, fantastic).  Thanks Nobu!
5	Oh Nobu - Mi Amore!!  I've been to this restaurant countless times and it is always amazing!   After my recent visit I realized I have to give proper respect and yelp my love for them.  Here are some of my favorites:Toro Tartare with Caviar - This dish makes me want to commit a felony.  If I were on death row it would be my last meal, I would definitely die happy.  As one of my favorite sayings on Howard Stern perfectly stated, this dish will make you 'go ahead and release the poison'.Yellowtail with Jalapenos - Always fresh and delicious!  I believe that all other sushi restaurants have tried to duplicate this dish but can never quite get the perfect flavor. Sashimi Salad - BAM!  The dressing is off the chain, the tuna beyond fresh.  Kobe Beef Toban Yaki - I'm not a religious person by any means but I'm certain the heeled hands of Jesus came down and prepared this dish himself with the blessing of his father.Of course you cannot go there without consuming a couple of their saketini's.  Why can't any other bar/restaurant get their saketini's to be this delicious??  They are alone worth a visit there.
5	The food at Nobu is fantastic! I especially enjoy the Black Mi so Cod and the Yellow Fin Tuna.  I prefer the cooked dishes to the sushi.  If you are eating your last meal this would be one great place to visit.  The decor and setting set the perfect ambiance, perfect for a date or networking.  Be prepared to spend some moo la, your mouth will thank you, your wallet will slap you.  It is an experience and well worth the money.
5	This place is amazing! I'm vegetarian, and was hopelessly looking at the menu, and the waiter offered to see what the chef could prepare for me. We decided to both do the 5, or was it 6 course meal? And my goodness, it was amazing! Everything melted in my mouth, I remember we couldn't finish the last two courses and went straight to dessert. I am not a big fan of fishy sushi seaweed, and one of the dishes brought was some kind of cucumber roll, which I have tried at other places, and spit it back out. I'm so picky. But this, was so good, I couldn't believe it!! I can't wait to try this place out again.
5	Usually when a restaurant has this much hype I'm disappointed.  It's hard to live up to hype.I'm happy to report...no disappointment here!We had dinner there last night.  Our server was Thomas and he could not have been better.  One of the best servers we've ever had.  He was friendly, on top of it and fantastic about explaining the restaurant, menu, food and the area the food comes from.We went for sushi, but after Thomas explained the menu we realized we should be eating what the restaurant does best.  So glad that we did!Our server recommended we have 4-5 dishes for the two of us.  We went with every dish that he suggested.We had...*Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalepeno.  AMAZING.  This was my favorite dish of the night.  I want to eat it every day. *Big Eye Tuna Tataki with Ponzu.  Delicious!*Black Cod with Miso.  Also amazing.  This was my second favorite.  Someone said it "melted in my mouth".  This is the perfect way to describe it.  Also, so flavorful!*Broiled Yellowtail Collar.  Delightful!*Mixed Seafood Ceviche.  My husband loved this, I thought it was just okay.  I think it was just my taste though, I don't love cucumbers or octopus.  Prices are high, but I definitely would recommend Nobu to anyone looking for an amazing meal.
4	I was skeptical, but Nobu delivered. I just finished dinner with a friend of mine and I had to write a review before I forgot the details. Let's just get to the chase.My friend and I walked in and I asked our server what the best three dishes were. He then recommend these three. I felt like a stuck up food critic requesting the chef hit me with his best shot. But I often do this for restaurants that I've never been to. After dinner, I find myself recommending the same. Here's the pro and cons:1) Toro Carpaccio- Okay, $70 for six pieces of fish can be a little on the steep side, but hey, I had to know what it was about. Now I know and here's the scoop. The toro is incredibly delicious. It is amazingly tender, quite possibly the most tender toro I've ever had. The fish alone is a star, but the flavor profile that the chefs prepare is pretty impressive too. Capers, truffle shavings, truffle oil and soy dressing over greens really hit the mark. I will say that there was a little too much soy sauce for my taste (That's right, I'm Chinese and I'm saying it). I would request they served the sauce on the side, but fear they will substitute excess soy sauce with hate.2)Yellowtail Jalapeno- This was almost my favorite dish of the night had it not been for the sheer flavor of the toro. The Yellowtail is served as one would expect from an expensive sushi restaurant: fresh, flavorful, tender and seasoned according. The jalapeno slice was perfect- excellent spice without burning my mouth. I would actually recommend this as a first dish. 3) Black Cod Miso- I thought this was a little overrated by the other reviews. Cooked to near perfection, the Cod was warm inside but seared and slightly crispy outside. The miso glaze wasn't much to look at. For me, it resembled gravy. I've seen others' pictures and theirs looks much nicer. Nevertheless, the dish was great. I actually prefer Black Cod cooked slightly medium, but cooked to the core with awesome texture. Sweet Miso sauce finished off the dish and made it very enjoyable. 4)Sea Urchin sashimi or sushi!!! Just order it. My friend and I were pretty hungry and ordered other dishes but I must say that they didn't exactly knock me off my feet. Overall, many of the other dishes were very good, but just not amazing. Here's the list:-Salmon skin hand roll- thin slices of salmon skin with gobo, rice and seasoning. Nice to have a place serve quality over quantity when it comes to the salmon skin.-Baracuda Dry Miso- $40 for six slices of barracuda. Very interesting texture as I haven't had barracuda before. The lemon/citrus sauce was a bit too much. Again, I see this as how the chef intends the dish to be enjoyed, so I simply eat and keep my comments to myself. Live Scallop- again, great cut of scallops, but nothing special to write home about. It was nice that it was served with muscle in ponzu sauce. New Style Oyster- Four pieces of Kumamoto Oysters served ready to enjoy. So you have to eat it the way they prepare the seasoning.Crispy rice w/ Big Eye Tuna- For lack of a better term, it's Japanese tatter tots. Square rice cubes deep fried served with essentially tuna poke. Well prepared, tasty, but nothing special. All in all, it was a great experience. My general assessment is that Nobu serves dishes with strong flavor profiles. Not exactly my cup of tea. Maybe I'm a fond believer that less is more and that the fish should speak for itself. However, I can appreciate the fact that a chef's dish is his own art. So I eat with an open mind and share my interpretation. Hope this helps.
2	This place came highly recommended to us by a waiter at another restaurant (thanks for the complete disappointment Eduardo!).  These are the dishes I tried:- Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno - was spectacular!  The flavors of this dish were very fresh and enjoyable- New Style Sashimi Salmon - was basically thin slices of poached salmon drowning in sesame oil- Albacore Sushi - thin slice, nothing special...- Salmon Sushi- thin slice, nothing special...- Spicy Tuna Roll- wasn't spicy and the nori wrap was gummyOverpriced and completely not worth it.And my new pet peeve - DO NOT wipe the table down to prep for the next customer while I am still sitting at the table waiting for my check.  Clearing the table is fine, but seriously?  It's completely RUDE and I think after we dropped $200.00 and only took up about 45 minutes of their time, they could have waited- especially since there were plenty of empty tables around us.  Will never go back.
4	I go to Nobu,s every year I visit Las Vegas and it has always been great. I can only remember one year when my waiter was a bit slow and unresponsive at times but overall a must try if you like Japanese food.
5	Too bad I can only eat here like once a year since they charge an arm and a leg but it's an absolute treat! Every single thing we ordered was deliciously memorable. The freshest fish ever, albeit in small portions. The oyster trio was yummy! Don't skip out on crispy rice cubes and spicy tuna. The panna cotta dessert was so light and refreshing, a perfect finish to our meal. The service was top notch as well. Again, if dining as a couple, expect to be at least  $200 poorer when you leave this joint, but your tummy will thank you :)
3	My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary because we heard great things about this upscale chain restaurant.  We ordered sushi (which was nothing special), the Chilean sea bass (can't go wrong with this), and kobe beef ($28/ounce; we ordered 3 ounces [minimum]) Tataki style.  The kobe beef was amazing, but the price was a little outrageous.  Personally, I believe that Nobu is over-hyped; it's an experience (we saw several famous people), but not a place that I'd return to. (+) quality and freshness of ingredients, positive and upbeat atmosphere, friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff(-) pricey, sushi was sub-par
4	I would rate Nobu somewhere between 3 & 4 stars.  Pros:  Nice ambience, good service, fresh sushi.Cons:  Hard to get a table the same day, somewhat over-priced.The server recommended the jalapeno yellowtail sashimi, which was great.  The other sushi rolls we ordered were average.  We also ordered toro, but when it came out, it didn't look or taste like toro. Strange...All in all, I was staying at the Hard Rock and had really wanted to try the famous Nobu - While there was nothing WRONG with it, I just think that for the money there are better sushi places in Las Vegas.
2	Everything was way overpriced and overrated!I ordered two orders of Uni Sushi and it costed me $40! Not to mention they weren't too fresh neither. Also tried their Hamachi Kama and it was under cooked, nasty! The special white fish sashimi was probably the best, but too much oil and sauce.Waiter service was good, nice and quick so two stars go here.The way they manage takeout order was kind of strange; I can't order from front desk even they had like 3 people doing nothing (just chatting with each others). I had to go over to the bar area and ordered from the bar tender - odd.Anyway, not coming back.
5	Pros: Good service,great atmosphere.Delicious sushi, all fresh and presented well. We order many dishes. All were splendid. Cons: Pricey. This is where you go if you feel like splurging for sushi. Be prepared to drop a cool Franklin per person.
5	Since they don't offer a 10 star rating I was forced to rate it a 5. OUTSTANDING restaurant experience from beginning to end. Ready? Let's go...I was able to make SUPER easy online (Yes! ONLINE!) reservations via opentable.com. It took a total of 5 minutes to register an account, reserve a table and get a confirmation email (which is useful in Vegas) Too many times you will go to a restaurant and you'll get the classic line "SORRY we don't have your reservation" .. Will never happen with Nobu! We came early so we started with Veuve Clicquot champagne cocktails at the bar (Yummy!)After being quickly seated at our perfect table, we started our dinner off with the Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno  and a Chilled Bamboo (the large size) of their ONIGOROSHI "DEVIL KILLER" Sake.  During our time there we followed that up with lobster tacos/tuna tacos, a small order of their DELICIOUS Rock Shrimp Tempura with a Creamy Spicy Sauce, a variety of sashimi/sushi and a another *blush* Bamboo of their Devil Killer!I've been a foodie since as long as I can remember. I worked in every position in the restaurant business from Busgirl to GM and I can honestly say that this is the best restaurant I've ever been in. Their famnily style service was classy and refined--but still fun and trendy! The waiters gave us the perfect amount of attention, They bus their tables quickly without disturbing our conversation. Ours even gave us honest suggestions of what the best thing on the menu that day.I wish I can do this every Friday, but it was my birthday weekend and we just splurged. The bill was about $430 with tip but worth every penny!!!
5	Nobu- all I can say is if you want the best sushi of your life, eat here.
3	Overpriced, had way better at half the cost. Not a place I would ever frequent.
3	Very pricey and tiny servings. Delicious, but delicate and not filling. The waiter was excellent, and everything tasted nice, but a 260 dollar dinner for three had better do more than elicit "nice" remarks all around.
5	This place is AWESOME!  If you can afford to do the chef tasting I would highly suggest it.  I think the secret item here is the Snapper (could be another fish).  The whole fish is deep fried and set standing up on a bed of miso butter sauce.  It is a suprising presentation. You get alot of people looking over at your table.  Crispy exterior with a flaky moist interior.  Dip that in the miso butter sauce and you have gone to heaven.  Obviously, Nobu is know for its sushi so going here will not let you down. GO!!!
5	I finally was able to try Nobu and had a great time.  This isn't just a restaurant it's a true dining experience that is great for a working dinner or with friends.  This is one of the few places I've eaten where it all looked great on the menu and exceeded all expectations when served. The service is great and the ambiance is amazing, this is a place you must try at least once and worth the pricey menu.  I strongly recommend making reservations.
1	Nobu should add three letters to the end of its name: E-N-O.  The food here tastes better than McDonald's but worse than Chipotle, but I would rate McDonald's higher due to it being a better value.  We had the tasting menu and some sushi.  The Yellowtail with Jalapeno, along with every other cold dish, followed the same formula: raw fish + cilantro hidden underneath a pile of salt. The Black Cod with Miso and the Beef Tenderloin tasted like bad halloween candy.  Everything was either drenched in salt or drenched in sugar, or both.  The sushi was not inedible, it was on par with the kind of sushi you can get from any two-dollar-sign sushi restaurant.  It's pretty hard to mess up sushi to the extent that they messed up their other dishes, since chefs have less artistic license when it comes to sushi.  Then again, it's hard to mess up miso soup and theirs was the worst I've ever had (way too salty).  Service was good.  Our bill, including tip, came out to nearly $600 for three people.  So if you want to trick your non-asian friends into believing that their palates lack the sophistication to appreciate expensive asian cuisine, Nobu is the place to go.  Or sometimes when you're feeling masochistic, you just want to get punched in the face.  That's when you go to Nobu.  There are many reasons to go to Nobu, but edible food is not among them.  If you want good food, there are some great French options in the area, such as Le Cirque.
5	Nobu was my first experience at a Michelin rated restaurant (one star).Omakase is the Japanese term for trusting the chef to come up with an enjoyable meal whether it's sushi or a classic European cuisine.  It's an exciting way to try the more creative and special dishes from the chef's knife.  It requires about two hours for dinner but well worth the time.  When you order, you'll be asked about allergies and this is a good time to mention the types of seafood that you don't like.If your party is four or less, I recommend siting at the sushi bar.  We luckily sat in good view of the lead sushi chef and watched his amazing knife and prep skills.  He was very focused in his tasks but explained each round of courses personally.  There is a high level of construction/presentation involved with each dish so I was in awe of his techniques.One really surprising thing was the appearance of black caviar, white truffle slices, kobe beef, and foie gras during the run of courses.  All those fantastic flavors in one sitting.  My friends and I opted for the $150 per person course.  There is a $200 option too.Having lived in the Seattle area most of my life, I've been able to enjoy really good sushi restaurants.  However, I was astounded by how good the dishes are at Nobu.  Insanely good flavors and worth the price jump.
4	Simply amazing best ever!!!   I struggled to give it 5 stars, I think I would call this a 4.5 star rating.   Its a little overpriced for what it is, they need to do more FOOD, I left hungry.  That shouldnt happen.  Service 98 out of 100.  Food 95 out of 100  Value 80 out of 100.   I think it was a little overpriced, but the quality was totally there!   I would definitely go again, and I think I would love it again, but it let me down just a little, after hearing all the hype.   I could go here once , or go to sushi mon 4 times, all I can eat, you know my choice on that one if I want sushi 4 times!   After the sticker shock, which I didnt pay so I dont care what it costs, the food was insanely good.  We had the saki, beers, and a feast of sashimi, shrimp, miso soup, and rolls.   My favorite was the lettuce wrapped black cod, oh my god, this was the BEST FISH bite I have ever had.  It melted in your mouth like butter from the fat and the protein - I am not sure if it was oil pan fried, or what, it was hot, but not too hot, but it had a little sizzle on it, and the glazed oil on it just added to the silky flavor.  I would go back there just for that!   The desert was a rhubarb molten love with ice cream over it, talk about yummy!   Tasted like strawberries to me, but it was perfect, I would have taken one more scoop of Icecream, next time I will ask.   I am sure they would accommodate.     5 star food at 5 star prices.    Decor was a little drab to me, I dont know what it was, it was classy, but too dark, the bamboo was nice, but I think they could use some LIVE FISH Tank in the place, maybe I missed something, the walkway in was nice, but the dining room was a little drab for me.  I think a splash of color would have been nice.   Anyway, I am nitpicking now and thats not fair to them.    Quality stuff, Incredible food, great dining room, great location at Hard Rock.  Highly Recommended.  Please bring your wallet, or someone elses, you will need it!     Also, be prepared for a late night snack later meal after, unless you are on a diet.    4.5 Star Overall, I likey!
3	Crispy rice awesome!The rest was Meh/Ok.  But...i think i would come back for the Crispy Rice alone =)
5	If you like sushi you have to try Nobu at least once.  It is well worth the drive to the Hard Rock just for the amazing food.  I've dined here at least 10 times over the years and I've never been let down.  Nobu is  amazing!!!!!!!
2	I've been to Nobu in Los Angeles and it was excellent. So I decided to try the one in Vegas. To sum it all up, Nobu...Never. First, the service was indifferent. Judging from the attitude of servers, they just wanted their shift to be over. Second, we opted to sit at the sushi bar. I had to stare at the sushi chef for eternity just to get his attention. I like to order sushi one at a time for maximum enjoyment. Clearly, the chef was annoyed by all the extra work. Third, placemats were placed so closely together, there was no room for me to move without the risk of disturbing the diner next to me. Fourth, I know it's Vegas, but they don't have to put that many tables and chairs in a limited space...utterly cramped everywhere you look. For the price, they should have considered the comfort of diners a little bit.
3	Not a big sushi fan but we were going to a concert at The Joint in the Hard Rock so we were there,  Ambiance:  loud young energetic but I would have preferred not having to shout for the server to hear.Food:  Lots of choices but would have preferred a little more directions on portion sizes and how to choose a well rounded dinner.Price: exorbitant.Oh well, not visiting Tokyo soon anyway.
5	This was probably one of the best meals I have ever eaten in my life.  I want to say it was more like an adventure.  Our server was the best and we let him lead the way.  He did all of the ordering for us and it was well worth the high price.  This is definitely not a place I can be a regular at (boohoo) as it is VERY expensive.  But every once in a while you have to treat yourself and this was an amazing treat.
4	LOD 9Was staying at HRH and decided to get a quick bite as everyone was resting up for the before a big night.Sat at the sushi bar - mentioned to the chef I was not interest in a menu and to "just bring it out".  Bottom line is that he killed it!  Some of the best sushi and creations I have had.  Of course the bill reflected it too haha!
4	Excellent...My reviews are based on food+price+city=stars, and they should always be proportionate to the rating.  (Chipolte is 5 stars in Barstow, CA  and Chipolte is 3 stars in Las Vegas, NV)Really good sushi...but not that 20% better than the great many other sushi restaurants in LV.   Definitely worth the price if you are a tourist and staying on the strip, but if you are a from LV there are many great options that are similar in stars at a much more fair price.  The place is great...but to me its another commercial restaurant that you are paying for the name and reputation and not the "food at a fair price"I am confident that the rating would be 5 Stars regardless of price if the chef who was on the sign owned/operated/was actually there weekly.
2	Was very excited to go to nobu, I made advanced reservations. Service was excellent, food mediocre, small portions and very expensive. Another thing that was ridiculous, barracuda sashimi for $40. Paid less there for tuna which was very funny because tuna should be more expensive. My wife and I, had three sushi orders and and app. 185.00 for that price would much rather go to Flemings, the palms, or Ruth Chris. If you want good sushi go to koi in planet Hollywood.
4	Make reservations because this place gets busy !! And there's a great reason as to why.... the food is AMAZING !!I had several sushi rolls and hand rolls which were all wonderful. They were not that large, so I was definitely still hungry, but the prices were almost double what I normally pay for sushi.A couple of the girls ordered the tasting menu which can cost anywhere from $110-150 but was definitely worth it !! You get about 5 sushi plates, 4 dinner plates, and dessert. The portions aren't large, but after all the different items you do get to eat you will definitely be full.The service here is excellent. Our waiter knew the menu like the back of his hand and each plate that came out he explained what was in the dish. They were very tentative with our drinks and was always making sure we were enjoying our meal.Next time I will definitely come back to try the tasting menu
3	Food was ok and service was great.  Definitely overpriced.  I am checking off this restaurant from my list of been-there, done-that places.The bento box for dessert was the only thing memorable.
5	Great sushi and sake!! A bit pricy.. but hey....
4	Food 4-starService 4.5 starAmbiance 3 starYellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno and Black Cod with Miso are truly rave-worthy. Sushi was fresh and sake delicious. Had an excellent server. Decor is surprisingly non-descript - much prefer the decor of Nobu in Midtown by far. Ambiance was fairly toned down, perhaps due to off-Strip location.
5	This review is long overdue.  Every time we visit Las Vegas, Nobu is a must for us.  The service, ambiance, drinks, and food get a A+.  We always get the cod miso, it is to die for.
4	It was good. It was very, very good. I particularly recommend the tuna and jalapeno sashimi (and I don't normally eat raw fish, but I wasn't going to pass it up this time) and the cod that comes on a lettuce leaf with a little shredded, toasted phyllo on top. Our waiter was patient with us, and helped us decide even though we were a bit clueless. The service is fast once you make up your mind about what to eat; and we ordered in waves, which the kitchen was fine with. The only reason this wasn't a 5-star experience is that the room is small, crowded, dark, and noisy. We were literally reading the menus with the lights from our cellphones. The price of everything probably also weighs into my decision not to give the place 5 stars. For five of us to eat enough not to be starving but not to be totally full either was more than $300, and that includes one drink apiece.
5	Fantastic service & food. Apple sake.  Amazing.
4	I wish there was a half star rating option and that my friend hadn't talked up Nobu up one side and down the other. Maybe that is why I wasn't over the moon about it. First off, I will tell you...I had simply the best spicy scallop roll I've ever had in my sushi lovin life there. You could taste how fresh the scallop was and it was huge pieces. Their take on ceviche I was less than taken with. The prices were out of control, but hey it's Vegas right? I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there, but if you are staying at the HRH, definitely have dinner one night.
1	Saturday Sept 29, my sister and I had dinner reservation for 9pm, we sat at our table for 10 minutes before anyone would show up with a menu, since I don't eat any sea food I thought I would try the $30.00 chicken dinner, it was horrible, just a breast of chicken on a big plate with nothing else, dry, burnt and no flavor the waiter then asked me when I was half way done my meal if I would like some rice. My sister received her dinner long after I was finished with mine. The other big problem was that the restroom were out in the casino across the way, once you got back the food was cold because you had to navigate your way through the casino to find the bathrooms. This is one restaurant I will never return to.
1	Classic "form over function" failure.It's all about the appearance of being a good restaurant, but he food just does not merit the price.  It's not bad, it's just not that good.
2	Took my girlfriend here for her birthday. Food was fantastic. A little pricey but, again, it tastes wonderful. Try the fish collar!Service was awful. Half of our sushi order and the vegetable tempura were not delivered. Our waiter said we should have revived it with the rest of our order. He apologized but it took 30 minutes for him to get to our table to see if we received everything. All we received was an empty apology.
4	First impression: Cheap chopsticks! Really? I don't want to taste wood while I'm eating expensive food. The waiter, Billy, was great! Even though I couldn't hear half of the things he was saying, he was really into the presentation and food. The atmosphere was loud so I could not hear. We were two people on a romantic vacation. We both decided to get one of the chefs daily selection and one of the creations where they choose from the existing menu. My dining partner also elected to get the sake flight - a presentation of a carefully selected sake to accompany the dish they select for you. Everything was great! We both have our favorites and preferences, but not having been there before, it was nice to have someone else choose the better dishes. I expected to leave hungry. Instead, I was so full I thought I was going to die. Could have done without the final sushi dishes or dessert. This trip was meant to be a search for interesting food. I think we were pleasantly interested. Just two suggestions: go lighter on the sauces. Good fish does not need to be covered up with a heavy sauce. Secondly, change the decor. Wooden tables and cheap wooden chopsticks leave you with a sense of the mediocre not extravagant.
3	I've eaten at 4 other of their restaurants and have to admit, their food and service is very consistent.We showed up with 11 people for an 8 person reservation and were accommodated immediately.  Drinks were brought out fast, as were a fee of the appetizers.Once we all ordered our dinners though, thinks went a little downhill.  I had two full plates of sushi in front of me for almost 10 minutes before anyone else got what they ordered.  The delivery of food was so sporadic, we basically just took turns watching each other eat.-1 point for the most "memorable" part of the dinner; the cheap, takeout quality, give-your-tongue-splinters, chopsticks!  How do you cheap out on these disposable splinters of firewood?  Such a cheap item to upgrade, instead it totally ruined the dinner for the table...it was like going to a good steak house and being given a plastic knife to cut your filet.Two at the table were somehow offered dessert while the rest of us never even saw the menu or heard the offerings, -1 again for lack of service.Not much of a social scene for what I was expecting at the Hard Rock, but still one of the better options in Vegas for sushi. About half the price of Massa, but you sacrifice the service a little bit.  Still better than the other strip options as far as quality of food goes though.
5	Hands down the best Japanese food I have ever had.  The food was amazing and the portions are small, but the flavors explode in your mouth.  If your a vegan, just let your waiter know and they can make a menu just for vegans and it's so so so good!  Our waiter was amazing and should be an example of how every waiter should be.  We will definitely go back!I was surprised at the cheap chopsticks as well as someone else posted, but it's ok, they give you a cool rock to reset them on!
4	Nobu used to be the shining star 10 years ago when these babies started popping up all over the US in fancy-pants areas like Malibu but since that time other Japanese chefs have come into play and the glamor and innovation of the Nobu chain has faded.The good news is that you can still come to Nobu and get a great meal.  If you want to feel satisfied you will still drop a lot of $$$.  Perhaps stop by the convenience store on your way over and fill up on a candy bar before eating here to avoid the full financial exposure.  My friend and I ate here before seeing Guns N Roses play at The Joint on a Friday night.  Most weekend nights will see Nobu booked up at least until 9PM.  It is open seating in the bar area but this area is tiny.  Nobu strictly enforces their dress policy so no swimming trunks.  It is dinner only so if you are hankering for Nobu at lunch sorry Charlie.My favorite things were their pop rock shrimp, sea bass and fresh salmon sashimi.  Their hand rolls are pretty awesome too.  We split a bottle of cold sake that was excellent though a bit overpriced.  Our waiter was a complete snob but I will let that slide.  I highly recommend Nobu for a tasty sushi dining experience.
2	Average Japanese food at amazing Japanese food prices.
4	4 stars (I deducted one star for the club-like noise level.)I went here with my BF for his 35th birthday right before the Guns 'N Roses show at The Joint.  Lucky for us, we were able to get seated immediately (opted for the bar/lounge area).Throughout our impromptu dinner (we originally had reservations at CUT in The Palazzo, but cancelled last minute) we got nothing but excellent service.  (Well, it did kinda help that my BF was wearing his bad-ass Topman Axl Rose shirt and I had a very low-cut dress on).Yes, it is pricey, and not very authentic---but the fact that they have wagyu beef is pretty awesome.  That, and the misoyaki black cod was easily the best two dishes out of the whole meal (and all the dishes were excellent).While I probably won't return for a very long time, at least this was quite an experience.  Now, I just wish people would STFU about this place being very expensive---it's CLEARLY indicated by the four dollar signs.  Douchebags.
5	I've been back twice for various occasions (once in Vegas and once in Hawaii) and I can say I was wrong.  Sorry Nobu!  What I thought was a lame attempt to up-sell me the first time on the 'house specialties' was really a mistake and lack of trust on my part.  Get the house specialties like the Miso Cod and other dishes.  They are really amazing.  That and the sashimi is delicious with some less common choices.  I really would steer clear of the rolls...you can get those anywhere and to be honest, rolls are for the casual sushi eater.  Thanks for proving me wrong Nobu.  You made me eat cod (I mean crow) and I enjoyed every minute of it!
5	Went with a small group in October and had one of the best meals ever. We did the house specialties where they just keep bringing several courses of the chef's choice. It was waaaay expensive, but well worth it.
5	Never fails to be one of the best sushi places around.  Always the freshest tuna and salmon.  I highly highly recommend trying the dinners too, but with such good sushi its hard to not just eat the sushi. Great place for a big large group and fun to eat family style.   Its hard for restaurants with multiple locations to maintain the high quality and consistent good service of the original, this Nobu does it.
4	The kobe beef steak cooked on a hot rock at the table. Is the bomb!! Beware its very expensive, 8 oz feeds about four people and its around $300.00 but well worth it to get the full nobu experience!! The service was excellent too!!
5	Nice atmosphere without being too stuffy. Fahzhad (sp?) our waiter was excellent in helping us decide what we wanted to mix and match throughout the seating. Sashimi, all 3 kinds we had, were all excellent!!
2	Great fish poorly prepared by rookies... received Hamachi Belly so doused in Ponzu that the rice was soggy and so much Yuzu Kosho that you can't taste the fish.  Servers messed up all night, including the bill.Sad rip off.
3	Fresh and good sunomono.  However, something was definitely missing.  I agree with the reviewer Dan.  I think it's great fish but poorly prepared.  I'm not one to complain about price either but honestly after spending $600 on dinner for 3 people...I left feeling a bit unsatisfied.  Like something was missing.   I'm hoping it was just an off night  for them because I want to really enjoy this place since I stay at the Hard Rock often and it's convenient.
4	It is hard to find good quality fish in Las Vegas being that we live in a desert and our nearest lake is radioactive. But Nobu manages to find some high quality and good tasting fish. So far this is the only Japanese restaurant in a Casino that I have actually liked.  The Bluefin toro Tartar was really fatty which I love and it was sitting in a wasabi sauce that was amazing. With the caviar on top it is one of the single best bites of food I have had. If you go I would stick to the specialty items on the menu and not order the sushi. You can get near equal quality sushi for less money at other places and it will fill you up faster so you wont get to enjoy their menu as much. Also, the black cod with miso was sooooooo good. The fish melted in my mouth and didnt fall apart when I put a fork to it. The Saki selection is small but the ones we tried were great.The lack of 5 stars is due to the fact that we ordered Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno was soaked in sauce and there was no resemblance of fish in the dish. Everything else we had we loved though.
5	Perfect end to our epic Girls Vacay!I want to give a special shout out to our server who rocked (pun intended). The service was phenomenal! Our theme of the weekend turned out to be LMFAO's 'Sorry for Party Rockin' and when we told our server he let us keep our zen rocks, get it? Rocking! Aw, good times.Must haves:- Black Cod with Miso - Toro Sashimi (Shout out to our waiter who helped me trick my friends who were squimish about trying fatty Bluefin tuna belly. He told them it was compliments of the chef. After they fell in love with it we told them the truth and enjoyed a good laugh about it.)- Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno- Spicy Tuna Rolls - Dessert: The chef's tasting platter was so yummy that someone swooped on a part of mine. They even put candles on it for the girls birthdays.I would also like to note that the presentation of dishes was extremely entertaining. Their descriptions are as magical as the flavors. I want to give a special thanks to the server who served Jessica H.'s dish with such an amazing description that it left the entire table wishing we had ordered chicken teriyaki.At this point I must admit that our two large Daigijo sakes prevent me from making any other recommendations. I can honestly say that the food and service were amazing and the tab was worth every penny. I cannot wait to go back or perhaps try the NYC location.Side Bar:Bathroom situation: I hated that the bathroom was outside the restaurant and is shared with the not so lovely patrons of Rehab Day Club. At least Hard Rock was nice enough to install a syringe disposal. On the bright side we also found out that Nobu will be opening a location at Cesar's Palace, which I think will be a much better fit for this fabulous culinary experience.The table next to us was doing Omakase style. So jelly, it looked amazing! When I go to the Cesar's location I will be doing Omakase.
2	I'm shocked at the high reviews for this place. Did I have a one-off terrible experience? Went here in December with my father and husband for a celebratory dinner. Had a good (overpriced) cocktail at the bar, then we were seated at possibly the worst table in the place, despite our months-early reservation. Got a booth back by the server pow-wow area / cash register, next to a massive table of really drunk and really loud patrons. Ok, fine. Ordered many dishes, including small plates, entrees, sushi rolls, etc. My father makes it clear to the waiter he doesn't like mushrooms (this is pertinent later). Our 3 tacos come out - $34 worth of tacos - and they are the SMALLEST, most laughable portion size ever. I literally laughed out loud when they put them down. They were no bigger than lime wedges (I posted a photo). Very good, but ridiculously priced and sized. Ok, fine.The other dishes start to come out, and they're timed terribly. Sushi after entrees, entrees at different times...I ate alone basically while my companions looked on, waiting for their food. My father's entree comes out and it's the WRONG one. Finally, when his actual dinner arrives, it's covered in mushrooms. The waiter never mentioned that could be a problem when my father placed his order, and the menu mentioned nothing about mushrooms. Ok, fine.My husband's $80 sashimi chef's special comes out and it's also laughably undersized. Literally 9 pieces of fish for $80. When we go to Morimoto in Philadelphia, a $50 sashimi plate has easily 3x the amount of fish on it. Same quality. I get that it's Vegas but this was a joke. The waiter never explained what fish were on the plate either - just left my husband to guess. This was the last straw.Overall the food is fine, but there are so many other places that serve comparable stuff at way better prices. Nobu is nothing special. I hope for the sake of other diners my experience is not typical, but it was enough to burn this frequent Vegas traveler. I will not be back.
5	Amazing! The Japanese Waygu beef was completely....and totally...out of this world.Spicy Tuna/Scallop rolls are also as enticing.I've had many-a-sushi, this places was certainly of the best. Wonderful service, wonderful atmosphere. It's Super Bowl weekend and everyone was ready to party...great for large groups. Upscale restaurant, but in no way stuffy! Love!
4	Overall an Excellent restaurant.  My only issue the level of foodieness that is the norm here; I don't eat any grains, soy, or dairy (yeah I know don't eat sushi right?!?) and at some sushi places they will make rolls with cucumber instead of rice.  Not here - they were very helpful in terms of switching sauces and advising against dishes that could not be 'tampered' with but overall it was a bit of a chore to choose wisely.  That being said the quality of ingredients was awesome; that is why i eat sushi...i like fresh fish.  We had some hot dishes too...totally forgot what but loved every bite.  SO I vote YES to this place unless you eat paleo and want to dine with semi-reckless abandon, in that case go get a burger, hold the bun, ketchup, and fries.
5	Probably one of the best Japanese restaurants we've tried! it's distinctly Japanese and playfully modern as well!, all around delicious with a friendly & helpful staff!
5	Wonderful dinner.  Service was excellent, and interior of restaurant was beautiful.  Will absolutely go back when we visit Vegas again!
5	I must admit, I have not been to a Nobu that I didn't like.  So yes, I am a fan of this high-end Japanese chain restaurant.  We had dinner here this past Friday night.  Unfortunately I am not fond of the hotel that it's located in... which is barely a step up from a Hooters-type ambiance with the class-less tatted out clientele and their hoochie mama's attached to their hips.  Well back in the day Hard Rock was the place to go to... but that was years ago.  So the fact that one has to step foot into the Hard Rock Casino to get into the entrance of this restaurant... should really get a minus star for not strategically relocating this at a more ritzy hotel casino like Bellagio or Cosmopolitan.   We started off with cocktails... Lychee martini and a greyhound... can't go wrong there.  As for the app...started off with the sea salted warm edemame.  I was so hungry, I practically ate all the soy beans.  I ordered the yummy Kelp salad and he ordered Hamachi sashimi with Jalepeno... so perfectly fresh with Ponzu sauce or Miso... so good!  He ordered the Shrimp with spicy garlic was sinfully delicious... (fried so not a healthy choice).  And I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass with dried miso... my all time favorite, which did not disappoint!  Salmon, Hamachi and Unagi sushi... small but still so good.  AND we ended with yet another cocktail :-) and the Bento Box.... flourless chocholate cake with white chocolate sauce and green tea ice cream... OMG!  Amazing dinner with outstanding service.  Yes Nobu is expensive but I was fortunate that he was so generous... so not really sure what our bill was... but so worth every bite.
5	Consistently delicious food and amazing service, it is a must visit every time we are in Vegas.  The wait staff is so knowledgeable and you never feel rushed or that you are asking too many questions.  As sake novices we asked a lot of questions and Benji our waiter, was a wealth of information and extremely attentive.  We don't mind the expense of the food since its prepared impeccably and oh so good.
5	I have been to the Nobu Miami Beach, Nobu at Atlantis (Bahamas) and the multiple Nobus in NYC countless times. I have to admit, I held out on the Nobu Vegas because it was in the Hard Rock...silly, I know.Nobu is so fabulously consistent, I love it. Our order:-Lychee martini-Sake-Wagyu dumplings-Edamame-Salmon sashimi-Yellowtail jalepeno roll-Miso black cod (FAVORITE)-Rock shrimp (Second Fav)-Lamb chops (BEST BITE, exclusive to the Vegas location, and wow are they good)-Dessert: mochi ice cream and chocolate cakeThe restaurant was busy for a random Tuesday night but service was very good. I really liked our waiter. He recommended the lamb chops and I'm glad he did. All the food was delicious. Yes, as other Yelpers mention, Nobu is pricey (for 2 of us our bill was just under $350) but the food, service and ambiance were great.Definitely coming back soon xo
5	I wont go into details.   My experience at Nobu was something like a dream.   To extrapolate and analyze would be like waking up to the harsh reality that is my normal routine.I'll keep this simple: *  Best Japanese food I've had in the United States. *  My new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas *  One of the ten best meals of my lifeMake sure your credit card bill is all paid up before attempting to dine here.   There is some sticker shock.   But I guarantee you it's well worth the expense.
5	One of my favorite places to eat when I go to Vegas. First of all if you are going on a tight budget, don't bother. Albacore was great, Black Cod Miso unreal, Yellowtail with Jalapeno aw some, Kobe beef like butter. This past trip we had whole New Zeland Snapper. It was unbelievable. We went with 2 other couples and our bill was $1200. May sound steep, but that included some of the best Sake and Sapporo Reserve beer too. I would pay it again in a heartbeat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Our server was one of the best I have ever had. Ask for him if you can; Jamie. He had us covered the entire night and some of his recommendations were the bomb.
5	This is Nobu. What else can I say? This was one of the very first REAL fine-dining establishments I visited when I first arrived in Las Vegas. You can't even imagine. At Nobu, I first tried tiradito, shishito peppers, edamame, hot sake... the list goes on. Gourmand I was not. Enter Nobu, one of the best dining experiences i've had to date in this city.Everything is great, obviously all of the sashimi, ceviche, tiradito, everything is sublime. I mean, Nobu Matsuhisa invented miso black cod, hello!I will say this, it is mighty expensive. And you kind of have to accept that you won't leave here full. Or at least, I never have. I am no high roller. But believe me, it is all worth it.
5	Food great. Service awesome. Experience exceptional.  Bill. Staggering.  But worth it. I will be back.
4	Probably around my tenth return visit here over the years, and I'm afraid I have become a creature of habit of my favorite dishes.Shisito peppers flash fried perfectly, and in season!Rock shrimp tempura with the ponzu sauce.Sable fish (Buddy Holly wasn't much of a waiter, he may have been new, as I had to explain that what they call black cod is not the right term).The dai ginjo sake (no more bamboo for awhile now)Ahi tuna sashimi appetizer with the amazing sauce and fruitPerfect, so why short a star?Service was rushed (to be fair we were  late), and when I called to rconfirm the reservation, I asked them to put a bottle of Veuve on ice for us, couldn't do it without an email and seemed like a hassle.  Really? For a cheap bottle of champ to be put on if, you need a deposit?Strange, no big deal, and was amazing food as always
5	yes, other than the sticker shock, I would say this was a perfect experience.  Server explained, engaged, and suggsted all our dishes.  my daughter who's mantra is "i dont do raw" sat there and ate everything with her eyes rolling back.  I cant even say what my favorite dish was, it was all amazing.  had five courses each one heavenly beyond description.  drinks were pretty darn tastey as well.  the cucumber martini is a must try.
4	Had the omakasa style with friends and it came out to be about $250/person Doh!! (we did drink a lot of Saki from the bamboo decanter though...)  Great meal, super fun and tasty.  The highlight was the yellowtail with jalapeno on ponzu and the black miso on lettuce wrap.  Very great restaurant and amazing service.
4	Wifey and I each ordered Omakase style which was delicious, fresh, and exciting. It's 5 courses, and they threw in an appetizer to hold you over while they made it. It's pricey with tip, I think we spent $300+, most of which was paid for by wifey's dad, who is a chinese mobster.Go here if money ain't a thang and you want some yummy fish.
5	Nobu is always perfect.
1	Ate here a year ago but writing a review now... went with a small group and the sushi was decent. My problem was that I was the only who orderd the sushi and got food poisoning!  Well that ruined my whole night and weekend in Vegas just sitting in the room going to the bathroom every 30 min. Safe to say I wont be eating at Nobu again. Went the next morning to let them know and they said "are you sure it was here."
5	My all-time favorite.  Superb!
5	Let's get the obvious out of the way first: omakase here is pricey.  But then again, so is a good vegas show - and chances are your meal here will last longer than a show and you'll remember it longer. With that said, I had one of the best meals of my life here a few days ago. Certainly the best Japanese-style food since the last time I was at...   Nobu, many years ago.   (Most recent high-water mark of any cuisine: Beast in Portland.  But Nobu was even better than that!)You have to remember that emotional strength is required when presented with a meal like this. Like any great art it'll reach in and pluck your heart strings when you least expect it. I nearly teared up at several dishes - the sashimi preparations are insane, the black cod lettuce wraps are amazing, scallops are incredible, and we were presented with the most savory high-end pork skewer I have ever tasted. There aren't enough superlatives in the English language to describe how this meal was; you really must go there to try it for yourself. I admit when I walked in the decor looked a little dated by current vegas standards (and has not changed in years.). The tables and chairs are pretty minimalist. It took an extra couple of minutes to be served drinks and have our orders taken. But once we engaged with our server all of my concerns evaporated. I wouldn't hesitate to go back here again and again. I also don't hesitate to award five stars to Nobu; they have earned every one of them. And apparently they also now have two Michelin stars. Go figure.
3	Ate here solo due to boredom after my friends left Vegas early, and I ordered omakase at the bar. First, the taste and quality: Nobu chef imbue their creations with a South American touch, using unique spices and pairings. I would consider it Japanese-South American creative tapas. Delicious and intriguing creations which had me closing my eyes and savoring the novel tastes. I hoped to prolong the moment as long as possible before the inevitable gulp and swallow. The meal felt like a 10 act performance, although I was a bit disappointed that the first half completely outshined the closing half.Service: waitstaff was like a ninja, darting from the shadows behind me to assist at every opportune moment (in the first half of the performance). Halfway through, the chef no longer personally created my dishes and they arrived straight from the baxk of the kitchen. At this point, waitstaff became slightly disinterested and less ninjalike.Ambiance: modern, dimly lit, but nothing extraordinary. It could pass for any old sushi joint in the bay area, CA.Value: at $250, sooo not worth it. I think I have had superior omakase from small lesserknown restaurants in the OC for 1/4 the price. Omakase in Tsukiji Japan is superior in quality and freshness for 1/4 the price, too. Omakase from the world-famous Jiro in Tokyo is about $200 more, but worth it for bragging rights and last meal on earth status.Verdict: unless you are very bored, skip this place, save your money and spend it where it will go a heckuv a lot further. I am curious about the Nobu hotel at Caesars, though...
4	Must have reservations!  Eating at the bar is fun but again, reservations.  Food is amazing but the vessel between the kitchen and table is the service which can be very hit and miss.  Everything here is overpriced including the cocktails.  They will build you a "custom" menu built on your price point which can be a double sided sword.  When asked this question by your server, it seems like there is no right answer and whatever you answer, you may potentially sound like a cheap ass, ha!  The food is always amazing, the hostess's are always nice but once you are seated, it can be a shot in the dark.  Kobe beef is sold by the ounce and melts in your mouth.  Fish is fresh.  You can't go wrong on the menu.
5	Best meal I've had ever?  Maybe.  Really awesome.
1	I'm a japanese.But I don't like this restaurant .Because SUSHI is terrible, and too expensive.But waiter is veryvery friendly.
5	I called the band last week, hoping we could meet in Vegas for a reunion.We did. Sadly, I can't talk about it because, well, you know, 'What happens....'.The only thing I will say is that we ate at Nobu's and it was grand.After dinner, we wandered through the Hard Rock Hotel checking out the varioous rock legend exhibits, wondering how the fuck it was that a drummer with one arm (Def Leppard) got his drum set in the Hard Rock, and mine got sold to some pre-pubescent fucker at a garage sale for a hundred bucks.Fucking hell.Nobu's has the best fish on earth. Best pineapple martini's too.None of the fish smells like cooch either, unlike the sushi shithole I go to in Phoenix. Double bonus.
5	The red snapper special dish was outstanding, with a oil sauce, tomato, and garlic chips.  The house special roll had 5 types of fish plus avocado.  Definitely, as good sushi as you'll find.
2	The level of privileged white guilt that comes with comparing Nobu unfavorably to Uchi and Uchiko in Austin is almost as disappointing as the actual meal.
3	We love going to Nobu and have been to many locations all over.  We had a party of ten so I got to try many things on the menu:rock shrimp - always deliciousyellowtail jalapeno - yumceviche taco - yumwagyu taco- yumshrimp tempura- okay, nothing specialwagyu dumplings- amazingyamakazi sidecar- drink was pretty yummychilean sea bass with miso- ok- should have ordered the black coddessert was the chefs tasting platter- this was the best part of dinner! decor was dated- not up to current LV standards. Next time we will go to the new location at Caesars PalaceService was mediocre. Not sure what was up with the waiter. He was barely seen. We had to order from 3 different waiters because ours was nowhere to be found. It was my sister's 21st bday and we wanted to make it a special dinner, but it felt like we were ignored. Thank you to the manager for making up for it.Overall, I'm still a big fan of Nobu, but will not return to this location.
4	Oh Nobu, how fun it is to say your name :)Soooo ... I'm not a frequenter of the Hard Rock (because either you stay there or you have to cab it from the strip - and I ain't made o' money people), but last time I was there I had to stop in and try the (in)famous Nobu!Now ... to be fair I had no idea this place was famous (the rock I live under doesn't get the food channel), and I thought it was mostly a sushi place (which it isn't - according to the waiter), but I had a great time anyway. As soon as you sit down the waiter comes and tells you about the place and what they do. Apparently they cater the menu to the group on the table etc. I wouldn't know that because we actually never got a menu. The waiter told us about the famous Omakase (where the chef's send you what they want for ridiculous amounts of money) and we were sold!! We got three different tears of Omakase - $110, $125 & $150 - so that we could try a little bit of everything. It's an 8 course array of hot and cold dishes. If you get this, prepare to wait ... it took us a solid 2 hours to get through the 8 courses - which gets you full and drunk if you're drinking like we were (the sake comes in cute tea pots and the plum wine is amazing). I will say that the best bang for your buck is definitely the $125 dollar option. It's worth the $15 upgrade. The $150 option is when you can tell they're trying a little too hard to be different (food doesn't have to be unpronounceable, it just has to be good). Most of the dishes were actually pretty good - but there were a few that were underwhelming (the hot dishes in particular were not great - and those were the ones the waiter said they were known for). I did enjoy the pallet cleansers a lot though. The great thing about a place like Nobu is that no matter how fancy it is, it's still in the hard rock, and you'll still find a group of bachelors blowing up penis balloons and sending them flying around the restaurant (one even hit  me on the back of the head - war wounds are sexy!).
1	Nobu survives b/c of it's name, not much else.  Atmosphere is terrible, decor is very dated, servers are attentive but a little way too salesy, and yes, it's expensive, which in and of itself isn't the problem...the problem lies in the actual VALUE you are getting, which is awful.  I've been to much better sushi restaurants in Portland (Bamboo really resonates right now) and paid 1/4 the price for frankly better sushi.  We actually ate beforehand just bc we didn't want to drop $450 on dinner and wanted to try a few things, my lady is pregnant so she can't drink, and I had A....as in 1, single drink and we had 4 single serving sushi items.  We were there for 20 minutes and our bill was NORTH OF $150.  I get that this restaurant isn't cheap, but cmon, I felt like I was bent over and just plowed in the backside (no lube, this was a dry run) as I was walking out....my lady felt the same.  Would never never never never ever ever ever go back and wouldn't recommend.
5	Five stars all around!  Amazing food, fantastic service, nice ambiance!!! I would recommend this restaurant to anyone, anytime if they are willing to pay for a high end DELICIOUS dining experience.
5	This is my favorite location of Nobu. They give you larger quantities and their menu is better than Malibu.
4	Huge fan of Chef Nobu.  I love this spot the best.  Fantastic service here.  Everything is fresh and tasty.  Came here with 25 people. Miso SoupSashimi SaladKumamoto OysterChilean Sea BassSashimi PlatterSushi PlatterChefs Tasting PlatterThanks for dinner, Pasquele!
1	So first thing is a reservation for 9 people. Greeted by a tall pretty asian looking female host and seated near the back of the restaurant at a large round table. We order drinks and the host comes up and says she would like to upgrade us to a better table. She was very excited to upgrade us and I thought better is always better. Wrong!!! We were then seated at a small table near the entrance. I looked at the hostess across the room and she was laughing. Apparently someone else wanted our table. I should have walked out right there. It was embarrassing and my party was very humiliated.  I called the manager over and he of course apologized and comped edamame. $8.00 worth of free beans was not nearly going to make up for this humiliating experience. They later moved us to a quiet table in the back. Then the "tasting" menu was sold to us at a rate of $100 per plate. It wasn't worth $10.00 per plate I've had better sushi from a grocery store. I actually spit out two spoiled pieces of fish.The food made 6 people in our party deathly ill. Stay away. I hope that host gets fired. Who does that? She is a liar!!!!
2	I admit, I liked the service, I liked the drinks, and the food was okay. We went early like at 6:00 no one was there. The first I noticed was a small table right next to us. I can imagine on a busy night someone seated right up to  our table where they would be practically sitting on our laps. Whoever said the waiters can be pushy was right. The waiter tried talking us into the 8 course meal. Again, I would feel bad for some young kid trying to impress a first date without asking"how much would that cost?" I did ( my ever heroic husband did not) the waiter said anywhere from $150-$200. I said forget it. We opted for the mini tacos, which were $10 each for apps!! That's $30 for an appetizer which usually cost $8 anywhere else. Then we got the sushi plate with like 4 different types of fish for$80! My god, it didn't even come with fresh ginger I had to ask a different waiter to bring it for me. We had 4 drinks (the lychee martinis delish) we had dessert and it was very good as well. Our total for the bill was $$360 including tip! I have no problem with a high priced bill but the decor, and ridiculously priced food is not worth it.
2	over rated for sure had tastings 175$ per person will not be back
3	Delicious fish~ fresh and great quality. However small portions and it's pricey.The server seemed irritated that I did not want to order a $300 bottle of sake.
5	I really love Nobu. I came to this specific location very very late at night (with reservations, of course, but still) and the food was still out of this world!!!! I definitely recommend this place if you're an asian food lover like myself! It's worth the cab ride!
4	For a few hundred per person, Ive had better sushi, but it was still good eats. I actually preferred their hot dishes better (the black cod is like butter).
5	7/2: Nobu Hard Rock rivals Yellowtail @Bellagio as my all-time favorite restaurant. I've been here one previous time and I don't remember much, but nothing bad. I just kept comparing it to my favorite, which is kind of unfair. However, this time was different...very memorable in a good way. My server Gordon and his waitstaff team's service was amazing! I had the locals tasting menu ($75) and it was worth every penny. Every dish was cordially described in just the right amount of detail before being served. All questions were answered in a friendly manner. The atmosphere was very nice and classy as well. Beautiful decor. -Kobe Beef Taco (as an appetizer, separate from tasting menu)...best taco ever! beef was soft and moist-Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno (best sashimi i've ever had by far! so soft and fresh. price tag aside, i could go for 10 of these plates! though that might be too much of a good thing)-Tuna Sashimi Salad (love it. best tuna ever) -Rock Shrimp Tempura with Creamy Spicy (best shrimp ever...you're getting the point! i didnt know shrimp could taste this good) -Black Cod Miso (this and the yellowtail sashimi were my favorite dishes...high praise for these 2 seems to be the trend based off of many reviews. definitely no disagreement here. best fish ever! if you are ordering one item, i highly recommend it) -Assorted Sushi and Miso Soup (basics but pretty good. large scallops were added to the soup. unique taste and interesting twist compared to standard miso soup. delicious!) -Dessert (strawberry, vanilla, green tea mochi ice cream)...all were great. not really a complaint, but a variety of desserts is preferred. im sure they would be amazing like everything else as well.Thank you Nobu, for one of the best dining experiences ever. I will definitely be back!
5	This must be the best Japanese food in Vegas! Extremely overpriced, but you are where you are. Excellent sake too! Loved every bit they brought out to us. Being Peruvian I definitely tried the tiradito, and it was a good fusion. What really had me though, were the black cod and the Bluefin toro sashimi which just melted in my mouth. The uni was delicious too!
5	Amazing experience.  We ordered the $125 omakase. So so good and totally worth the money. Highly recommended
2	8 people.  $1,800.00.  And I left hungry.Food was tasty, though.
5	Nothing will top this not only sushi but food experience. Talk about fine dining, great and customer service!! I was staying at at the hard rock as a random Vegas trip vacation and decided that night Nobu will be the kick off to my birthday month :) Luckily it was a Tuesday night so my date and I didn't have to wait. We sat, he got a Japanese beer and I endured in a Lychee Martini (my favorite)I saw toro on the menu and I was set. Toro tartar was amazing! Also toro sashimi and we got a few more delightful dishes. I would go again! Now I must visit the la location!! This place made my Vegas trip!
5	massive fan.  this is the original one in vegas, and it is every bit as good as the ones i have tried elsewhere.every nobu has its own off-the-menu items.  the one that i tried this one time was barracuda.  and it was amazing.  if they offer it, definitely try it out.the rest of the review can be found in my other nobu reviews...the food is consistent across the board.
5	My wife and I have been dining here for several years...time to let you know how much we love this place.  Recently stopped in on our way thru Vegas and ate at the bar for a different experience. I highly recommend Ron the bartender.  Fantastic personality, very knowledgeable and great service.  The food, as always, is tops, especially for the adventurous.  Our standards, though, are the Hamachi jalepeno and lobster in wasabi pepper sauce. I highly recommend Nobu.
5	Absolutely delicious. Service was good, sushi was sooo good and having great martinis on the menu doesn't hurt.
2	Truly disappointing on several levels.  The quality of the fish was simply not that good.  I'm not even comparing it to Sugarfish (highly recommended), but merely to local LA places like Brothers Sushi in Woodland HIlls.  When I'm paying Nobu prices, I expect better than Woodland Hills sushi, know what I mean?The portion sizes were, frankly, skimpy.  I will credit them for serving a real Salmon Roll, whereas many sushi places use pieces of meat that has been broiled/burnt, this was real salmon skin, just like the good places do it.The prices are really astronomical...and given that they all buy their fish from the same place(s), pretty ridiculous.  Hey, I've had sushi in Japan with businesses, and even paid for it one time -- a vertiginous buying experience that will affirm to you that Amex truly does have no credit limit on your card -- so I do know good and even great sushi.  This is not it.The service was, and I'm not sure if this makes sense, but obsessively and (worse) aggressively obsequious.  This guy would continually hover over us explaining to us how (and exactly) whatever we wanted would be taken care of by him of the sushi chef.  Very intrusive, and I realize now it was the exact opposite of the very non-intrusive servile style found in sushi places world wide.
5	Been to this place 4 times, so have a good feel for what I like, and I love the chef's choice/sampler/whatever.  Costs a whopping $150 or $200pp, but the food is unbelievable.  Skip the often-cited black cod (or lump it in) and go with this if you're on an expense account or looking to splurge Vegas-style.  The items are varied, inventive, and super-tasty.The wife and I prefer the cold items, but the hot ones are very good, too.  Add a bottle of champagne or white wine, and it's bliss.
5	Ok I admit there is a lot of hype around this restaurant and after trying it out at LA I can say I wasn't too impressed. BUT I decided to give this another try in Vegas and man am I glad I did!!We were a group of 4 and quite hungry. Kind of a bad mix as you're walking into a notoriously expensive japanese/sushi resto. Now if you're going to dine here this is how you do it.Don't waste your time ordering a la carte. Give your knowledgeable server a maximum $ amount per head and let him design the menu for you. We were ready to shell out a bit and spend about $100 each excluding alcohol which in the end was the perfect amount to leave completely satisfied. You can tell him a few things for direction (like we had to have the miso cod!) but let him bring out dish after mind blowing dish and you just sit back and enjoy your company. They carefully explain everything that is brought out and whats great is because you are eating the exact same things you get to share in the same experience. We also ordered a 60 ounce bottle of Sake and ordering drinks was also something we didn't have to think about for the rest of the night. Our glasses were constantly refilled until the end of our meal and it actually was the perfect amount of drinks for the entire meal which lasted about 2 hours in total....I can't say we had one thing that wasn't absolutely delicious and unique!Highly recommend!
5	We went here on a Friday night with my buddy's bachelor party group. Since we had a suite at Nobu, they seated us right away. Although it was expensive, the sushi was delicious and plentiful. The house saki was also very good.  I would highly recommend this restaurant in the future.
5	Dining out in Vegas often means an "experience".  And Nobu, at the Hard Rock Casino, is just that ... a true dining experience.We ended up here when our Sushi-place-of-choice was no longer in business. We really didn't know what to expect, but this dining experience is very different from the "norm". There was no menu, so our "waiter" (seems like a very inadequate title for him) spent a few minutes asking probing questions about our food likes and dislikes at the table in order to build a customized food experience for us.We were a little uneasy when he said, "we're a bit different here, but trust me, we'll create a meal that will thoroughly please you".   Well, he was entirely right.Various Sashimi and other Oriental-style dishes were brought out one at a time, "family style" for us to enjoy.  The choices were spot on and the flavors were absolutely amazing.  Each plate seemed to raise the bar over the last dish.Even though we were completely satisfied with everything they served to us, we never quite felt like we over ate.  The meal was complimented by a more-than-adequate saki, wine, and beer menu, including a "craft beer" from Japan (who knew?).We walked away talking endlessly about the total dining journey that we had just enjoyed.We would highly recommend that you consider trying this experience.  It is not cheap, but it's well worth every dollar.
5	Nobu was pretty much the definition of an amazing dining experience. Our waiter was friendly and his suggestions were on point! The food was simply delicious. It is definitely along the more pricey side, but what the hell, you gotta splurge sometime! I can't quite remember exactly what we had because we ordered quite a lot! However, I do remember that their mochi was the best I had ever tasted. They had several different flavors, they even had a pumpkin flavor. That one was my favorite. I'll definitely be back!
5	Several different Nobu locations worldwide and the US. This Nobu is located inside Hard Rock Hotel - the first one in Vegas (and the better one). I had one of my birthday celebrations here.We got yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno, big eye tuna tataki with ponzu, chocolate banana martini, lychee martini, sashimi salad, shrimp with spicy garlic sauce, tenderloin of beef toban yaki, Nobu's house special, salmon skin handroll, kulfi and my birthday "bento box".Sashimi and Sashimi Salad:The fish here is generously cut.  They're fresh and the sauces they come with accent the fish. 5/5Shrimp with Spicy Garlic Sauce:If you like garlic and a little bit of spiciness - this is the dish for you.  The garlic sauce was amazing. The dish comes with some mushrooms. 5/5Tenderloin of Beef Toban Yaki:Came in a sizzling plate. A piece of very tender and juicy steak with enoki mushrooms and asparagus. Simple but delightful dish. 5/5Nobu's House Special:Salmon, tuna, hamachi, avocado and crab meat  wrapped in nori and daikon, sprinkled with masago. Each of the 6 pieces are not-so-bite-sized. 4/5Salmon Skin Handroll:Salmon skin with just a very thin layer of salmon meat making each piece so crispy and delicious. That's all that matters in a salmon skin handroll. 5/5Kulfi:Chocolate pistachio frozen custard, Nobu cabernet cherries, candied pistachios, chocolate feulletine.  Great textures: crispy and creamy. 5/5Bento Box:Flourless chocolate cake, white chocolate sauce, shiso syrup and green tea ice cream. I'm not sure why it's called a bento box since it definitely doesn't come in one. It was free and yummy. 4/5
5	Love Nobu everywhere. This is actually a 4 1/2. Hawaii is a better location. Service is exceptional and food is delish
5	Put your dinner in their hands!!Best nobu meal i have ever had. We just asked them to bring out dish after dish after dish for our group of 12 without ordering from the menu.  Every dish was spot on and better than the last.  Delicious rare ingredients from parts unknown.  Awesome service, awesome drinks.  One of the best meals i have ever had anywhere.  Expensive but amazing.
2	Food is pretty good, but the service is horrible. My waiter could not remember our order. After the meal was finished, he finally brought out my wife's steak. They also consistently forgot to bring drinks. Great name and good food, but they fell short today.
5	Absolutely wonderful experience. Everything about this place really exceeded my expectations. The ambiance, the food, the service, the staff. All the waiters seem to know the menu upside down (which is extremely important). They make wonderful recommendations and are very friendly. I recommend the Yellowtail Sashimi as an appetizer, the salmon crunchy roll, and the horchata flan. We had a few other things, but everything is seasonal so they might not be on the menu. Overall, great restaurant.
5	Five Stars for the experience!! The atmosphere was great and the food was delicious...HOWEVER the portions are extremely small and in my opinion not worth the $$! I enjoyed my Pineapple Martinis, Oyster Shooters, YellowTail/Jalapeno Rolls, Scallops, Cucumber Salad and Crab Tacos***HOWEVER***I left hungrier than when I arrived!9/21/13
5	Sushi with a twist. Yes, order popcorn shrimp, wagyu beef, and the yellow tail sashimi. This place is not your traditional Sushi joint, it's exciting to see how Nobu mixes flavors and textures unlike any chef I've ever tried. Tip: Order the cod cups (not on the menu) 1 -5 scaleService 5Food 5Atmosphere 5It's expensive so make sure you take a foodie who can appreciate the experience
5	The best meal I had in Vegas. The service was excellent, the food was amazing. I can't wait to go back.
2	Nobu is over. When I need teeth to chew my sushi it's awful. Overpriced. Waste of time. Perhaps cooked dishes were good but we just had sushi.
4	Had dinner here last night with friends and been here two other times.  Everything is always fresh and creative.  Once you get past the sticker shock you realize it's Vegas and all nice restaurants cost an arm and a leg.  It's an experience though so just go with it.  We had miso soup, beef and lobster mini tacos, crab ceviche, shrimp and scallop tempura, some desserts, and of course sake.  Also, tons of sashimi including yelliowtail, tuna, red snapper, wild yellowtail, and snow crab.  All awesome.  The service was great, the place is very nice, and the food is always great and fresh.
4	Really a 41/2.  Back a week later except ate in the bar this time.  Had them make a scallop role in soy paper with caviar on top, awesome.  Also, stuck with sashimi again - yellowtail, snow crab, Japanese halibut, albacore, and octopus.  One tuna nigiri and miso soup too.  Had a couple martini's and had a shot of this unbelievable tequila called Deleon.  Very smooth and unique.  Expensive but we were celebrating so very worth it.  Service was very good and our server was very helpful and offered other local joints to eat at suggestion wise.  Expensive but a great place.
5	Nobu is hands down the best sushi on the strip. I lived in LV for 3 years, and have been a frequent visitor before and since. Naked Fish is the best, but it's off the strip. Nobu on the strip is incredible. I had one of the best dining experiences here of my life. Their service was amazing. Our waiter, Andrew (5 stars+!!), took our menus away from us in the early going. His confidence that he could order better than us was not misplaced. What followed as an incredible sampling from across the menu. We were exposed to a variety of flavors and types of sushi. It seemed that right after we finished a dish, and had a moment or two to talk it over, another roll appeared. I can't describe how wonderful and timely the service was. Maybe this is the best way - The next night we literally cut a meal at another sushi place short halfway through and jumped a cab back to Nobu. We were glad we did. Thank you Nobu, and thank you Andrew! Cheers.
5	Five star all the way. Let's be honest I do not lie sushi never have meet will. But whoever is the chef at this location does not make sushi he or she takes a little piece of haven and puts it on a plate. Not matter the cost you must try before you die!!!
5	OMG!  This is the best Japanese experience I've ever had. I had the chef tasting menu and each dish was more delicious as it came out. Don't leave Vegas without eating at Nobu!
3	Food:  it's good sushi but not worth the 3x premium they charge.  Sushi Roku is just as good and much less expensive.Ambiance:  it's good and should be, but it's not a top flight experience.  It's a fine upscale dining experience but that's it.  The dining room itself lacks any real joie de vivre.Prices:  extreme... Your paying a hefty premium to eat at Nobu.  To some, being able to name drop is worth the price, but the food and experience don't justify the price.Final take:  Nobu is tasty but lacks inspiration.  The dining experience was nothing experiential nor terribly memorable.  Given all the other options in Vegas I won't be going back.Life expectancy:  2-3 years
5	Love, love, love the food here!  Excellent sashimi!  Service is wonderful!!  Pricey, bit worth it!
4	Overall, the food was pretty good here, but the dishes were waaaay expensive.I tried this place with a group of friends.  We liked the food but each dish wasn't fulfilling.  You'd probably have to spend $50-100 to satisfy yourself.
1	Food was pretty good service was bad, I left hungry. Money could be well spent somewhere else.
5	Even though you have to walk through the disgusting Hard Rock casino to get there, this is one of my favorite Nobu locations. It probably has the best atmosphere out of all of them. There's just enough room between tables without feeling squished, and it's not so big that you feel it's empty or cold.Even though I love the new Caesars location, I still think I might prefer this one if I'm with a more laid back group, or if I don't have any dressy clothes.
4	Authentic Japanese food...no, but really good modern Japanese food.Yellowtail with Jalapeno - everytime I order this dish.  Probably could eat 3 platesBlack Cod Miso - Excellent but you better eat it with rice or share it  because the miso can become overwhelming.  But that could've been the 4 bottles of Grey Goose the night before speaking.Creamy Crab - tasty but salty, again good sharing.Creamy rock shrimp tempura - excellent.Blue fin toro with caviar - excellent.Blue fin toro with truffles - it was a special at the time and not really worth the $100 for 6 pieces.  Just order Blue fin toro sushi, sometimes simple is better.Would venture here every other trip to LV.  Haven't tried other Nobus to compare but will get a chance in the Bahamas.
3	I love the food but hate the overbearing staff. I don't care what you like on the menu because I did not ask. I also told you I was a nobu veteran and you kept going.  Do I look like I want a fru fru cocktail?  Get rid of those silly and lousy male waiters. They crashed my opinion of the brand.  I'm paying for food not the opinion of an over coiffed doofus.
5	I must say, best meal we have enjoyed in the entire year (and we have been to Nobu in Caesars Palace twice this year). Fantastic service by our server, Keenan, who shined throughout the service/ with his great personality and vast knowledge of the menu, he is what every gourmet server should aspire to be. The food- perfect in every way. We enjoyed a chef's tasting, which was timed perfectly and with no hickups whatsoever. Beautiful and carefully thought out presentations on each course. There is no doubt that Nobu at Hard Rock is the restaurant to go to if you want a personal experience. I hope the management see's this, as the wait staff was ABSOLUTELY FLAWLESS, and I cannot stress that enough. It's the little things that truly count; communication, great timing, menu knowledge, personality, table setting, and genuine care for the guest. A great night with passionate food and good company! Cheers and happy eating!
5	Was recently at the Hard Rock, and had that Omakase hankering.  Where else can you go in that situation?  No where but Nobu!  I have been to one in NY before, and this was as good or probably better, but maybe its just a more recent and therefore more vivid memory.Well I went for the upper tier Omakase, and did not regret it.  All of it was great, and I highly recommend the Omakase particularly if you upgrade to the tier 2 dinner.  Wow.  The sushi was great too - one really stole the show and needed an encore performance for my table - that was the Barracuda.  Never had anything like it.  Sometimes I have dreams about those pieces of Barracuda.The dinner was complemented with a Kirin Zero (alcohol free beer), and a ginger beer.  The drinks were outstanding. I have never had a Kirin Zero before, but will seek it out in the future.If you are staying in the Hard Rock, or want some Omakase, hit it up.  You will not regret it.  Oh yeah...  Bring your Mastercard.  Because memories may be priceless, but the dinner has a price, and this one isn't cheap!
1	We came here one time before and love it. This time we showed up and asked that they pick recommendations for our group and the entire staff took advantage of our request and picked the most expensive items on the menu regardless of our taste. It was the most expensive experience that we've had and made it for a very disappointing experience.  Furthermore we left the table still hungry.  We won't be back.
4	Pretty good for Vegas.... I'm a sushi snob from LA/OC and this is probably a 3 star place there. Service was great, they sat me at a wobbly table in a corner by were everyone walks by, not really a good location for a table.
5	Love love this place. Definitely will return if I come back to Vegas. The staff was superb and very professional. They understood the menu like it was there restaurant. Everything we order was delicious. The price is a little high but I must say it's well worth the price tag. I'm so happy that we had the chance fine here. Love love the food and atmosphere to the whole restaurant.
5	George the manager walked us through their menu for 15 minutes. I eat here regularly and the food is always great, but the personal attention was a huge plus. Thanks George! Will be back for sure.
5	After our free Pitbull concert from one of our work vendors, we were hungry!  For appetizers, we decided to go to the Culinary Dropout, so for dinner, we decided to go to the next restaurant, Nobu.  I've heard AMAZING things about this place and knew that it was top notch.  Heck, I've seen it on Keeping Up With The Kardashians. As good as I know the food would be, I also knew the price tag would be pretty hefty!When we got in, I noticed and array of seating.  Chairs, tables, booths, bar, you name it.  The green back splash of the bar really went well with the light colored wood framing around the rest of the restaurant. You felt like you were at a super trending Japanese restaurant.  It just felt high end!  Our server was nice, but knew we had a bunch to drink.  We put our menu in his hands.  Here's what we got (with prices):-Kumamoto Oyster with Nobu Sauce  18-Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno  24-Oyster Shooter  12-Salmon Sashimi   24-Mixed Seafood ceviche  22-Snow Crab Sashimi Salad  28-Tuna (Big Eye) sushi 12-Salmon Sushi 10-Yellowtail sushi 12Some of these items came in a sushi platter.  I wasn't too sure how the platting and combination went.  All I know is the fish was SUPER fresh.  The aesthetics of each plate was like a work of art.  I felt like I was a Kardashian! LOL.  Our total bill for 7 people, came to $780. OH-EM-GEE!  For a nice, elegant night, to me, this was worth it.  Such amazing food and great atmosphere.  I will definitely return!
2	Highly overated, fresh wasabi for $12 came as wasabi mixed with water that diluted the taste instead of freshly grated.Sashimi was a huge disappointment in both taste and presentation.Servers which should be confident but was arrogant instead.   2 stars was for the nice ambience.
1	Great service .. As always. Food was pretty  good as always ...EXCEPT!!!!!!... Ordered the lobster and we both SPIT IT OUT...then the manager essentially told us "tough shit"....
5	You're in Vegas, you happen to be staying at the Hard Rock, and suddenly you have a craving for some amazing sushi, well then you're in luck cause Nobu will come to the rescue.  I'd never think Vegas and Sushi together but after having dinner there, in my mind they will always be related.  Really some of the best sushi I've ever had, oh and they have Asahi on tap that tastes like pure deliciousness.  I have yet to find Asahi on tap around here that tastes anything like it did that night.  If you feel like spending some money (which I'm sure you do if you're in Vegas), then make sure you check this place out.
3	The most overrated and expensive place for the food. I mean the ambiance was nice and great servers, but nah I wouldn't come back. The group all picked the $125 prefix menu and it was a total disappointment. When asked about the sashimi type, it was just your basic salmon, hamachi. I was like damn, but didn't want to upgrade.  There was like 6 dishes or so. The beef dish was super dry, tasted like bad flank steak. The sashimi dishes were good, but it was the sauces that did it. OMG the chocolate moose/cake with green tea was the worst dessert for a high end restaurant. The monkish pate with caviar was good and different. We were still hungry, therefore, ordered two rounds of uni and amaebi. Crap, it was like $10 a piece!~~ Oh the sake and soju, way over priced!!!I think for 7 people, the bill was like $1500
5	We went here on Feb 13 and everything was absolutely delicious! Our waiter was Marcus and he was excellent.  They prepared a variety of dishes tailored to our tastes and they were fantastic.  The drinks were incredible too.  I had a cucumber martini and also some other martini with passion fruit. Would completely recommend again. Even though the food is pricey, the serve much finer food that you get at a typical high-rated sushi place.  Will go there again.
4	One of my motto's is "feast at Nobu whenever & wherever a Nobu is nearby." I just made that up.Las Vegas Nobu did not disappoint. The blue fin toro tartare with ossetra caviar ( my favorite caviar ) was SO bomb that I admit, I ordered it twice in the same meal. At 50 bucks a serving it wasn't cheap but it was so worth it for the amount of ossetra and toro in the dish. I also had two uni shooters, omg so good.Monkfish pate with caviar--YUM!!! Would probably skip next time for more uni.Nobu crispy rice with tuna ( at this point in the meal I secretly unbuttoned my pants, stealth mode). And of course the rock shrimp with jalepeno sauce.Next we ( I was eating with one other person so you can't blame me for being a glutton), had the japanese wagyu tataki, which I have been craving since a recent trip to Japan. Melt-in-your-mouth good.We both had the chef's daily omakase, which was outstanding, and finished with a light deconstructed cheesecake thing that I couldn't eat.&& THEN  I didn't eat for a day.SO GOOD, expensive, yes but you get what you pay for! No regrets. I knocked off one star because service was terrible and I felt like I was at a strip club lol ( seated in the bar).
5	I simply love this place, the staff is fun and the food is amazing!! I have to tell you this would be on a short list of one of my last meals requested. #TrueLove
5	We planned to have dinner with our friends who live in Vegas on one night of our two night stay there recently. After scouring the restaurant recommendations from my friend, we decided on Nobu. Sometimes I have to be in the mood for sushi, I don't always crave it like other people I know, so I was worrying about committing to a reservation. I was also worried about having to pay a million dollars (slight exageration; i don't even have a million dollars, and if i did, i would only spend half on wine) for any good wine. (True story, I made the mistake of ordering a glass of wine at the bar in the casino at the Flamingo (don't ask) one night and it had me wishing for Manischewitz.)OK - Back to the matter at hand: Nobu has now made me crave sashimi, sushi and all Japanese food all the time. Not only did the server rattle off, in detail, and totally and completely from her memory, just about every item listed on the menu, BUT THE FOOD WAS AMAZING. I DIE. We had a smattering of everything from each "category" and honestly, went a bit overboard, but it was a meal well worth going over board on. We dined on:-edamame-miso soup-tempura fried rock shrimp with some type of delicious citrusy, creamy sauce-yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno (OUT OF THIS WORLD)-red snapper with dry miso (also, amazing)-salmon new style sashimi, which was lightly seared and served with green onion, absolutely delicious-soft shell crab roll-spicy tuna roll (cause, come on, you gotta round out the meal)The dessert was good but unremarkable. I'm more about the main event.Cap that with some amazing gin cocktail that I now forget the name of and two glasses of hellaciously expensive, but delicious, sauvignon blanc, and this is one of the top meals I have had in my little life thus far... In short, take your gambling winnings to Nobu and order everything the server suggests.
2	I was disappointed by Nobu in that the decor is aging and the food was good but definitely not worth the price. I eat sushi almost every day, and I could have paid 1/4 of the price for the same product. Combing that with the up selling from the waiter I was left completely unimpressed.
4	You absolutely must get the Black Cod. Oh my goodness, any explanation will simply not do it justice! I would come back and only order that. Otherwise, this place is way too overpriced for most of what is on the menu.
5	Great meal and fresh..you'll love it. But if you have the money, it's worth it.
5	This is probably the best meal I have ever had, and I like good food. I am not picky, however and every thing sounded amazing so we just asked the waiter to bring us different items until we were full. Truly the best meal ever! Great wait staff, delicious depth of flavors, great sake... I might move in and just sleep in the booth. We even ordered a small side of rice "or I'm going to end up licking this delicious sauce out of the bottom of this bowl..." And the waiter laughed at my bad jokes! Winning! The only downside was the mediocre wine selection and supercalifragilistic expensive sake... But the cheapest bottle (65) was unfiltered creamy deliciousness!
2	Clearly a sad experience.I expect nothing but perfection from the Nobizzle.  And I would be willing to accept 4 star performance from his executive chefs.  But my V'day date was simply flat on all frontsThe sushi was OK at best. The appetizers were flat.  The dessert was probably the best thing/After dropping over $300 dollars I was seriously disappointed.  If you are a casual sushi eater, or a collector of brag tags then Nobu is for you.If you are looking for flawless execution and Sushi raised to a new level save your money, you'd get better sushi at Bachanal
5	Just got back from another great Vegas weekend. Though I have been to Nobu here many times, I have never given them a review. Long overdue. The good news is that with the opening of the "new" place at Ceasars, the Hard Rock location is very easy to get a table now (Hope they stay here ;) )The service is always top notch. The food still retains a very high quality. My favs did not dissapoint, the Spicy Rock Shrimp tempura, The Yellowtail with jalapeno and the Black Miso Cod were perfection. Can't wait for my next Vegas trip!
3	Mooi, sfeervol Japans restaurant. Prima eten. Sushi is heerlijk. Je proeft dat ze kwaliteit ingredienten gebruiken. Bediening is professioneel en vriendelijk. Jammer dat een groep tieners ons etentje verstoorden met luidruchtig geschreeuw en gegil.
5	This may be my favorite restaurant in the world. The flavors you discover sitting at your table here are amazing and the staff is amazingly kind and attentive. I've eaten her twice now and will be back many more times. The yellowtail with jalapeno is a taste delight.
1	I went here the other night with some other colleagues from my company.  They are not really sushi connoisseurs but enjoy the atmosphere.I can't believe that anyone would rate this higher than 2 stars.    They must have been drunk or on drugs because the quality of the sushi here is just a tad better than supermarket sushi and the price here for the poor quality is outrageously expensive.  I've been eating sushi for 30 years now and have been to some of the highest quality sushi joints in Southern California and let me tell you...avoid this place if you are expecting high quality and selection. The only thing that was decent was the cold sake but I paid a premium price for it.  I guess that's what you get when you go to a Las Vegas Hotel / Casino and have sushi.   Good thing I expensed the dinner.
4	Food = Phenomenal Service = PhenomenalPrice = Super PriceyTook a few of my friends there this past week and had an amazing meal.  We chose to simply have the waiter bring us their wonderful dishes one after another, which is an option on the menu by the way.  It was so delicious.  From torro to sushi, from beef to sashimi, it was simply amazing.  Our group had 9 courses including mouthwatering sushi towards the end of the meal.  What I enjoyed the most was how frequently the food arrived at the table.  Literally, we would finish a dish and about 2 minutes later another would arrive.  It was amazingly choreographed and simply delightful.  Every bite was amazing.  Keep in mind though, the price is significant for 4 people it ran me $800+ including tip and very little alcohol...  Some sake and a few beers were included.  Definitely recommend if you are looking for an evening of being a total foodie.  Every bite filled the table with conversation and a constant hum of "yum" and "oh my".  Enjoy Yelpers!
4	This is the only restaurant that I would recommend at the Hard Rock Hotel. I was working at the HRH for five days and ended up eating at almost every establishment there. Nobu is the only one that I would optionally go to again.This is the best sushi I've had. Everything was flavorful and top quality. I can't remember all the dishes I had, but below are the ones I can remember (score out of 5):-Bug Eye Tuna Lotus Chips 4-Shishito Peppers 2 (I got a really spicy one!)-Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno 4-Rock Shrimp Tempura with Creamy Spicy Sauce 4 (Butter Ponzu Sauce 3)-Rice Cubes with Tuna Spread 3-Sushi Roll with 4 types of fish 5-BLACK COD MISO 10 YOU MUST GET THIS, IT IS SOOOOO GOOD!-Horchata Flan 3I would go just for the black cod miso!The food is great, but the service was lacking. When we sat down we were a group of 5 and a 6th person joined us. When the waiter brought the tuna lotus chips out he said there are only 5 since that's how many you were when you sat down. He easily could have said I'll bring you another, but I had to specifically ask him. For the price, service should be better, maybe because it's still in the Hard Rock.
3	Service was excellent, food ok, and ambience too crazy! We felt we were in a concert. I couldn't even hear myself talk. Not a pleasant evening. We will not return.
5	I had a great dinner last night. My waiter was very knowledgeable and gave me a great tip on the tacos. I had 1 Shrimp and 1 Lobster and wished I had several more! The chef's special roll, kinda of a Rainbow in a seaweed wrap was great! The only slight negative is they are proud of the food $$! All in all-a great spot!
5	Sea Bass was very good , and oysters were amazing I cant wait to go back.Delicious food and great service definitely ask for Jeff he was awesome! Very informative, and had great suggestions.
4	Yesterday, my boyfriend and I dropped in for a late night bite. Definitely a fan of the decor and the service. Our waitress, Misty (name on receipt) was thorough and helpful, taking time to answer all questions and providing suggestions. The rest of the evening staff was equally as attentive and descriptive. Awesome team. Now, food. Personally, skip the taco apps, nothing special to note there. The rock shrimp had a bit too much sauce for even that type of dish. DO go for the Chilean Sea Bass with dry miso. It's perfectly cooked in a buttery-citrusy sauce bed; the dry miso on top adds texture and will make your mouth water. A dish that is both simple yet complex on its own. Also, the uni shooter was absolutely delish, with the right balance of sauce and meat. I had a spicy acai cocktail which was one of the best cocktails I've had in a while!! Yum. I was too tired to remember what else we had. Wish we came earlier to try the rest of the menu.
5	I thought I knew what 5 star dining was until I ate at Nobu. From the staff to our last bite - this place is amazing! Hands down worth the wait at the lounge too. Our meal consisted of various courses of tempura, sashimi, sushi and desert. Every bite was like heaven, really like heaven. Wish I could fly in and eat anytime I want!This is for Nobu in Ceasars
5	Perfection. I LOVE sushi and have been to several Nobu restaurants (both New York locations, San Diego, Bahamas, Los Angeles) and this place is my favorite. I've been to this Nobu over 10 times and look forward to returning. The food at any Nobu is consistently out of this world but what makes this location my favorite is the staff. Not only can each staff member be a model but everyone on staff is attentive, efficient, and interesting. Things to order:- yellowtail jalepeno sashimi- butter lettuce cod- new style toro sashimi- negi toro hand roll - Kobe sashimi with hot rocks- rock shrimp tempura- soft shell crab special - artichoke salad (without noodles)- YK35 sake- peach Bellini- Japanese whiskey flight - coconut-lime sake- bento boxLast time we were in we had Andrew as our server. Super great guy. He gave us some excellent recommendations and was very friendly and professional. I'm going to request to sit in Andrew's section every time I go back. Of course I wish Nobu wasn't so expensive but I still think it's well worth every penny.
4	First off, I must say that the waiters and staff were freaken awesome. Our waiter was super cool and friendly. I liked how with every dish that came out, our waiter would explain what was in it.I would recommend sticking with the sushi. Hubby and I got the Tenderloin of Beef Toban Yaki along with our sushi, and for something to be like $44-55 I would expect it to me amazing, but the dish was alright. GET THE BENTO BOX for dessert. You can thank me later.
5	Really expensive, but freaking awesome. I've sat at the bar both times I've gone, and the chefs are classy and highly skilled.
5	Came here for a tasting menu offer.  Was not sure what to expect.  Generous portion, excellent food, incredible service and a great atmosphere.  They also offer $25 corkage.  The sashimi and lobster tempura melt in your mouth.
5	3rd time at this NOBU and I give them an A+ for consistency. I love the food and service was great. I love the the intimacy of this place as it is much smaller than their other locations. Although it is inside The Hard Hotel, once inside- you forget that you are in the middle of a casino. I am looking forward to going back.
5	Really like the ambience of the place but I seen many people out of dress code. I cam suited and booted with a dress shirt and tie but one of the people next to me had an affliction shirt on lol...The food was excellent. The fish was really fresh and the chefs selection which was 200 a person was the greatest sushi adventure I've had to date. food was very vibrant
4	Went to this restaurant for the first time with a group of friends.  The waiter asked us if we wanted the "Nobu Experience" (which pretty much meant allowing the waiter to order whatever he wanted until we hit our budget) - we said sure.  The cooked food was really good and the sushi was okay.  The price point per dish was definitely a little on the high side so expect to empty your wallet if you want to walk out full.  They also have an interesting variety of drinks so be sure to check that out.
4	I have to say that I was skeptical at first - I don't like the idea of paying so much at a sushi place. But my boyfriend and I were in Vegas with friends so the good company was what brought us in. For those who want a simple yes/no - YES, if you're looking for a high end place to try and you enjoy sushi than I think Nobu is one of those rare places that's worth it. Our party of 8 didn't really know what we wanted, so our amazing waiter suggested that he could pick out an assortment of dishes based on our budget. At $100 a person, he said he could give us the Grand Prix. We had dish after dish that included sushi rolls, black cod, creamy spicy crab, etc. Other people have mentioned the Black Cod - I would just add that my boyfriend made a comment while eating it that every human should taste this succulent piece of ocean nectar. that cod was that good. One person in our group was vegetarian, and I have to say he was getting some awesome custom dishes! SO MANY OPTIONS FOR VEGETARIANS!The food was great to say the least. The service was excellent, and the ambiance was lively yet relaxed. There was honestly nothing to complain about. Since you're reading this review, I assume you don't mind the price point as long as its worth it. I would tell you that yes, it's worth it.
4	Fantastic food and great staff.  I would like to give four and a half stars if possible.  The quality if the fish was 5 star as well as their dessert shave ice.  The miso cod was amazing as well.  Fantastic rare sake, beer, and wine selection too!
5	It's a wild scene, the place is always noisy & filled with people. The music that plays over the speakers is always very interesting & I can't say anything negative about the food. Each dish is always perfect. I love everything about this place & yes it's pricey but you truly taste & see what you're paying for, it's of the finest quality. The cocktails are also amazing with a lot of interesting flavor combinations & I would highly recommend the pineapple martini & miso glazed cod which are my two favorite things on the menu.
4	I felt it was overpriced....there are by far better restaurants in LasVegas for the money. For 2 people, the chef's selection which is a taste of a bit of everything is $100 a person. We do not drink so I can only imagine how expensive it would have been if alcohol was included!!! Gotta try it tho
5	First of all, please choose the right Nobu restaurant.  You should be going to Nobu in Hard Rock hotel.   If your pocket book is a little tight this is not the place I would recommend you to go. Cold Dishes: Special: Toro (don't remember what he listed as the garnishes, but it is shown on my pics.  I think this dish was just a little salty. Once, you add all the dressing on top, I like to taste the fish, since it is fresh.)Kelp Salad 13 (this tasted so fresh, added just a little lemon on top of it.  Also, helped w/cleaning the palette for the next course) Sea Urchin 16 (this is from Santa Barbara, CA which is normally where every Japanese restaurant from the west coast gets there uni from.  Hmmm..this just tasted like any uni I would have gotten at another bay area restaurant probably no more than 12.00.  Oh well, I do love my uni. Hot Dishes: Black Cod Miso 37  (this was cooked well and the miso glaze on top was just right) Geez I forget the server's name, but he was really great!  Knowledgeable about his fish and the menu.  Very upscale and modern experience.  This is the 2nd Nobu location I have been to, first was in Hong Kong.  If you like fresh fish w/a twist of fresh ingredients, you just have to come here and experience the taste.  But don't come here if you are looking for affordable specialty sushi rolls, this is not that type of place.  This was the first time my friend had gone to this restaurant, she said it was the best Japanese restaurant she has ever been to.  I was so pleased to have taken her there 1st.  Hope they do open up in San Francisco soon!
5	Food was amazing (my favorite: yellowtail sashimi with a citrus soy sauce, miso Alaskan cod and the bento desert), staff was extremely attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable about the dishes. We went to the Hard Rock Vegas one on a Groupon and loved the food and experience. We will absolutely return and will also try other locations around the US.
3	My sister and I planned out our trip to Vegas to include a dinner at Nobu. Maybe my tastes are horrible and I'm missing out on some great dishes, but I found our dining experience to be A-OK.The service was great; the staff is very knowledgeable about the menu. Of course, the prices are up there--not complaining about that part. But in all honesty, I really didn't taste a different in the quality of fish used in my sushi compared to the less than $10 rolls I eat here in AZ. Same goes with the rock shrimp tempura in creamy spicy sauce. At least I can say I've tried it.
3	Great atmosphere and food, but a little pretentious, over priced (even for Vegas), and waiters have been trained to up-sell you.
2	I was so upset when I paid 35 bucks for a tiny Sake (large) I kinda hated the place then on. In LA fine dining the same size is less than half that. On principle, I would never return, regardless of food or service quality.
4	Got the 5 course meal, was absolutely amazing and perfect. Service was exceptional and so was the food. Great atmosphere, but the restaurant was really busy so call ahead for reservations. Not cheap, but definitely worth the money. Great food, great service.
5	Delicious. I don't think you can do it any better. I have eaten sushi and different types of Japanese food at so many places just like everyone else on here, but this is a whole different type of experience. The place looks very nice, and the service is excellent. I'm no expert on Japanese food so there were a lot of things that I wasn't familiar with. The waiter was great at explaining everything. I like to be adventurous from time to time with what I eat and so I ordered the chefs selection because it had so many things on it that I had never tried. Well it was excellent. Some of the flavors were a little strange, but I don't mean that in a bad way. It definitely added to my life experience, and I am so glad that I tried this place. If you are ever able to go then you should go, it's worth it for sure.
3	Went in with high expectations, but was deeply disappointed.Let me preface this review by saying that we went in with a Groupon.  Yes, Nobu is offering a Groupon haha!  For $100 you get their most popular dishes for two, including the hamachi with jalapenos, rock shrimp, miso black cod, plus dessert.  OK, I get that we're Groupon customers, I understand sometimes we get treated like second class citizens, so my expectations were adjusted, but they managed to not even meet my Groupon expectations.  First of all the portions were way too small.  There were only five thin slices of Hamachi to share between two people.  The rock shrimp came out in a nice size bowl, while that's good enough for one person, this is meant for two!  There was also one piece of black cod too to share between two people.  I would say if you do this deal you guys better be very comfortable eating out of the same plate or bowl haha.  I also must say I'm not generally a big fan of fusion cuisine.  Nobu did not change my mind.  These are their most popular dishes, but they feel dated and uninspiring.  Perhaps because they've been around for a while and many other places now carry the same things?  The rock shrimp was slathered in this orange color mayo sauce, which reminded me of the walnut shrimp dish so often served in Chinese restaurants these days.  The cod had a very sweet miso sauce that kind of ruined the natural flavor of the fish itself.  Not good value and not a place I would go into looking for high quality and inventive food.
5	Nobu and I go waaaay back.  I've eaten at Nobu NY in the Morimoto days, Nobu next door, Nobu London, and Nobu 57.  I've been to events where Nobu himself was preparing our sushi.  I've since been fortunate enough to head to Tokyo a few times and tried ultra high end sushi, teppanyaki, and kaiseki at the source.  None of which has diminished my affection for Nobu and it's particular brand of fusion cuisine.To be fair, I was restrained in my ordering this visit - having the Miso Cod (how can you not?) and sushi.  It was excellent, as expected.  I was alone and sat at the sushi barBut if you aren't lucky enough to have easy access to one of the myriad Nobu outposts, and this is your one shot, I beg you to try the tasting menu, which goes by the Japanese name "Omakase".  The ingredients will be unfamiliar, the presentations beautiful, and the experience mind bending.
3	Went for the $95 5-course Groupon.  Restaurant decor and ambiance were beautiful.  The drunk guy passed out on the table next to us provided some decent entertainment until he was escorted out. The first two courses were delicious...simple sashimi and sushi samples.  Excellent quality fish.The much raved-about rock shrimp and black cod courses were pretty disappointing.  The shrimp was slathered in a mayonnaise-y sauce that probably should've been a side dipping sauce.  So creamy.  Too creamy.  Took all the finesse out of what could've been a delicated, beautiful shrimp dish.  However, if you love mayonnaise.  Then you'll like it.   The miso cod was good for a bite or two...but then was just too sweet.  Almost sweeter than the dessert that followed...which was pretty yummy.  So overall, it was OK.  If you want good quality and a full stomach for a decent price, I'd rather go to Wicked Spoon, Bachannal, or one of the other higher-end buffets.
4	My husband and I just visited, on a Saturday night. This restaurant has a great vibe. We did the tasting menu and everything was delicious and beautifully presented. The black cod was amazing and is a must get. Our second favorite was toro tuna. They also have a good selection of sake.
4	My wife and I were visiting Vegas and saw the Groupon deal for $95 for a five course tasting menu. We decided to go for it and it did not disappoint. The yellowtail sashimi was tasty (and I do not usually do raw food), the rock shrimp were delicious, and the miso cod is a must! We both really enjoyed our drinks (I had the Boxcar and my wife had the Mango Passionfruit martini). Service was also excellent and I appreciated the good runner explaining each dish. Overall, we were pleased and would definitely go back.
4	Nobu is by far my favorite restaurant! My boyfriend just took me for a birthday dinner and as always it was amazing! The only thing was that we found to be a little annoying was how long it took for our drinks to come out. Overall, a great dinner :)
5	Food was right on point!  Awesome customer service... Probably the best server, Jeff,  we've ever had.
4	Located in what smells like sex and rock and roll Hard Rock Casino/Hotel, Nobu is an upscale Japanese restaurant. The decor is very nice, the dudes behind the counter making sushi and other Japanese dishes is cool to watch, and the huge bottle of saki is fun ( a bottle of house saki is around $150).  For around $150-300 (not including bar tab) per person you get family style eating of fresh Japanese food. There are approximately 7 courses brought out, one at a time, a delicious and fresh array.  The raw ahi with a dash of caviar, lettuce wraps, steak on the mini hibachi, etc., was fun to see what would arrive next. The service was impeccable, the place is clean (although I don't like that you have to exit the restaurant to use the restroom) and food quality excellent.  Personally, Japanese is not my favorite and $150/200 pp for me, is steep if I am not loving the food. If you enjoy fresh Japanese, then this place may be for you.
5	Heard so much about Nobu so we got the chef's menu.  I thought everything was nicely done.  The food is good, but it is also quite comparable to good sushi places. The service was exceptional, and attention was paid to small details.  The display for the food was nice, but the quantity was small. That being said after the six course, I was pretty stuffed.
5	We went here for the first time and everything was excellent.  My husband and I both had Nobu Signature ($125/person) which come with nine courses (included dessert) and all the 9 courses are excellent.  The foods are fresh and tasty.  There are several different prices, so it all depending on your budget.  Overall, the services are excellent and fun atmosphere.  The only thing I didn't like about this place is the restaurant doesn't have a restaurant.  The restroom is located in the casino.
5	The bar tender Ron, made my 21st birthday incredible. He was friendly, knowledgeable and hooked us up. He kept the conversation going and didn't seem annoyed at all by our drunk presence. I will definitely go back to eat the yellow tail and hang out with Ron again. THANK YOU RON!!! :)
5	Do not go here unless you are planning on spending a lot of money. We had dinner for two and spent $400.00. It's was worth every penny!!  I can't begin to tell you what we had, but everything was amazing. The menu is huge and very hard to decide what to order. We picked the price range of $175.00 per individual and let our server pick our menu. Plan on not gambling and save your money and go here. This is truly a dining experience of epic portions.
3	The inflated prices aren't worth it...It's not that the food isn't really good, just that you can get the same quality and better in town at a better price.If you find yourself here the signature items are typically very good.  I'd go with the:Miso Black CodYellowtail SashimiPork BellySalmon SashimiThe Fried Rock Shrimp is fine if you like fried rock shrimp, but it's really just a money-maker for them and I'd avoid it if was ever eating here again.Nobu is a solid 4 stars for food & drink, but for the price it's an easy 3 star place in my book...and this from someone that routinely enjoys paying inflated Strip prices for excellent quality food & drink.
5	I was here about year ago and the food was amazing. Party of 10+ we had a corporate dinner. We ordered family style and it was fantastic. Variety of hot and cold sushi.. I mean delicious. Environment: ClassyPrice: Our tab was very expensive. (corporate tab) Food: excellentCan't wait to go back!
5	Phenomenal experience. Brought some guest from out out of town here last weekend. Unbelievable presentation! The food, service, and overall experience was over the top!
5	Omg, I will not be able to do this restaurant justice so this will be brief...  It was nothing short of WONDERFUL in every way!!  Service was awesome, from making (and twice changing) our reservation,  arrival & interaction with the hostess, to the amazing wait staff. In short, there's a good reason Chef Nobu has a ton of restaurants.  We decided before arriving in Vegas that we would have the prix fixe dinner.  Each course was prepared after the next so everything was extremely fresh.  While the plates didn't seem overly complicated when described by our waiter, their relative simplicity worked favorably in creating unique flavors for each item; no flavors were duplicated or even similar to the other dishes served.  Everything they brought was visually exciting, just check out the pictures below.It isn't exactly inexpensive (by most average standards), but so worth it.
4	Wonderful, fresh food! We opted for the chef's menu based upon our dollar amount. Not used to this approach, but we tried it and was happy with the choices. Never saw the menu and should have as I would have enjoyed something novel. Good food, but common dishes.
5	Nobu at the HardRock Las Vegas is my favorite Nobu.The service is not the same in LA. I had the chefs menu which included  chilled Tuna Tartare and caviar on top. Great food and service!
5	I love this place.  The food is always great.  The service is phenomenal.  The staff always make sure you are taken care of.  Everytime we come here, the chefs are always talking to the guests to see how everything is going.  I would recommend the Omosake menu.  Let the chefs give you the best things from the kitchen.  Just tell them what you can't have and then will make you a happy person. Our favorites our the black cod miso.  I saw someone say it was too sweet but I disagree.  it's perfect.  The yellowtail sashimi is my wifes favorite.  One of their options last fall was a shaved asparagus and crab salad.  I still have dreams about it.  Can't go wrong.  It is expensive but very reasonable compared to other restaurants, especially on the strip
4	We were in Vegas staying at the Hard Rock and craving sushi. Where else would we have gone to eat? We ordered two signature dishes (yellowtail and cod).. We started with the yellowtail with jalapenos and cilantro. The jalapenos are an interesting departure from the wasabi we are so familiar with.  I only like a little bit of heat, but I actually wanted more than the thin slices offered.  We each had an order of sunomono (cucumber salad), which were quite large.We ordered the black cod as a hot dish. I would come back in order this again and again and again. We ordered the chef's choice for sushi for two... which was your usual assortment. The tamago was sweet and had the restaurant name seared into the top.  The food was very good, the ambience was nice, my Asahi was on tap, but you have to leave the restaurant and cross the casino to use the restroom, and the prices were quite high.Yes. I will go again.
4	A great experience.  Compared to Morimoto's, Nobu's flavors are more familiar and can be regarded as deeper.  Though I would say that Morimoto is more innovative and his flavor palette is wider, perhaps much wider.
2	I want to start by saying the food was delicious and the chef should NOT be discredited for this rating. The server started out to be a great guy pitching us the idea of him creating our menu for the table and then we caught the side note that he was planning to create a menu based off a budget of $250/person. We specifically asked for that to be our TOTAL with everything included (food, apps, drinks, everything.) we are having a great time at dinner with his suggestions thinking we are in our budget until we get our bill. The waiter drops it off, we look at it, it's $100 more than what we told him we were willing to spend, and then when he comes back we ask him why there was a miscommunication when we were very clear with what we were willing to spend. He had been ordering dishes for us even after the conversation about our total bill expectation. It would've been good customer service on their part to let us know the details (mostly prices) as we were ordering throughout the night. He quickly avoided the conversation and said he would return with his manager. He returned with a new bill and no manager. We told the waiter we thought he was a good serve in terms of ordering us things we very much enjoyed, but that he came off as sneaky to us by not letting us know prices & ordering expensive dishes for our table. The manager eventually approached the table & couldn't have been more rude & condescending to all of us. I work in customer service, and have also  been a manager of a restaurant in a tourist city. You cannot tell a customer (who is a tourist) that's how your restaurant works once the bill is presented when it was never explained to the customer in the first place. We will never go back to this nobu, especially because of the way the situation was handled, especially by the rude manager.
