3	They are a little more expensive but the rolls are a good size. The jumping rice was enough to share. Take out is a plus.
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!First I must say the rolls were amazing! The best I ever had in Las Vegas. Secondly the staff were friendly and very attentive.I'm in love with jumping rice~
5	Excellent spicy basil fried rice and dragon rolls!!( trust me there are very few places that makes it right) Definitely a regular place for dinner take-out!  Portions are huge. Staff members were very nice to bring food.
3	I love the ambiance and decor of this place, customer service is also excellent! It's basically a fast food sushi place, with upscale amenities. Am not too fond of the price though, it is a little bit pricey... The food was ok, the pork belly jumping rice bowl was actually pretty good... I will probably come back, i just wish they had something on the menu that would make my mouth water...
5	Great sushi and great fried rice. Customer service was very good which I don't typically find here in Las vegas. The girls at the counter were SOOO friendly and helpful! I really enjoyed the food and the place was very clean and nicely decorated. Great place for quick Asian food as you order at the counter rather than waiting for a server. LOVED IT!
4	Love having new places to eat. Food was good. Service was fast and helpful.  A bit overprice. Overall - a good experience.
5	My new dinner take out destination!!! Love their specialty rolls and fried rice! Crab jumping rice is my favorite! Love how they make our daughter's mini chicken jumping rice without any seasoning per request and with fresh ingredients only for $5! :)
5	Delicious! Found this awesome gem and will definitely come again! New addiction!! A must-go!! :)
5	Great place that is not to far from home.  Sushi rolls are at a great prove and made fresh. We did our fresh test and changed up ingredients.  Dynamite bowl, spider roll,  and crab jumping noodles were great. .. must try.
4	Loved this place! Not exactly a fresh, nor unique concept, but the food was good and appropriately priced.We shared several rolls and a spicy fried rice dish. I like spice and can handle a lot of hear, and the fried rice packed a punch! I really enjoyed it. A touch heavy on the oil, but not a big deal.The sushi rolls were good too. Fresh, well-rolled and a nice sized portion.Service staff was super-friendly. Just note that its a combo of counter-service with table-service. Not a problem, but I was expecting a full-on sit down meal. I will most certainly return.
5	Fresh food-reasonable priced-great service. OK. This is funny. We rolled into the parking lot on our way to try out 5Guys Burgers. On our way from the car we spotted this place and peered in the window. It wasn't busy, but we wondered in and they were awesome. My gluten free friend got the Pineapple Seafood-gluten free, and it was sooo tastey. Even the pineapple chunks were cut from fresh pineapple.I got the Ninja Tuna Roll and a brown rice veggie bowl. Talk about fresh spicy tuna roll with more fresh  tuna sliced on top. Best tuna Roll I've ever eaten. There's something beautiful about brown rice topped with perfectly stir fried Fresh veggies, and this place was on point! The menu is large enough to satisfy a wide range of taste buds!
5	This place is AWESOME. Is it Korean owned? A lot of workers were speaking Korean when I went there and that only adds to its awesomeness. Lol We ordered the Crab Fried Rice, The Pineapple Seafood Fried Rice, and the Screaming O Salad to go. It was all delicious but the Crab Fried Rice was really something else! It was exceptionally good with big chunks of real crab. I can't wait to come back and order that again and try some of their other menu items. Their sushi rolls looked really good too! Also, is really nice inside if you decide to dine in!
4	Not exactly a hole in the wall but I took a chance on this place. So lets be quick. Went out for burgers but stopped here instead. I have no regrets. The mayo chicken rice bowl and the sashimi salad filled up me and my GF up came out to around $26 with two drinks. The fish was fresh and melts in your mouth as any fresh sashimi should. The Mayo chicken bowl was delicious, as if i was eating chicken katsu bites with a tangy sweet twist to it.
4	My review:  Food was fresh and fast and service was great.  Easy and casual, order and sit. Nothing too original. Rice and rolls as name suggests, but also noodles. His review:  The noodles are REALLY good. I loved them. We had beef. Also, the bathrooms are really clean and not just for an Asian place!
5	I've only gone there once so far for take out and the quality of the food is pretty good. I ordered a chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies. It was better than teriyaki madness, yogi's, and samurai sam. They give you lots of meat and the chicken wasn't dry at all. (Teriyaki madness always gets your white meat over cooked)I haven't tried any of their rolls or jumping rice dishes but from what I saw at the tables, it looks really good. My friend ordered the spicy basil jumping rice and he said it was yummy. Try this place out of you're tired of going to samurai sam and all the other teriyaki places.
5	Quality fast food Japanese restaurant at a great price. The hardest part is deciding what to order because everything looks, sounds and tastes delicious! If you want fine-dining Japanese food without the pretentiousness, then I suggest you stop by here.
3	I find myself in total agreement with Mai on this one. It's a great atmosphere, but basically, it's Americanized Korean food. My Korean wife ordered the Kim Chie Rice with Pork. One of the girls looked at her and asked her, "Have you ever had Kim Chie before."  That was a bad omen.My wife and I agreed that you could not taste the Kim Chie in the food. It tasted decent, and that is why we give it 3 stars. Bottom line: Good for a take out or quick lunch, but someone has to pay for the expensive remodel, and it is the Customers. It is very overpriced compare to other Korean places that offer better food.
4	Talk about some FRIED RICE action!!! I had this place bookmarked for sometime now and wish never took me this long too check Jumping Rice & Rolls out. At first thinking about the name sounds rather corny or catchy so had no expectations. What I did find was reasonable price korean/japanese food for lunch. Interior design that really nice really modern (reminded me little bit of Yonaka) look not just plain walls and feel like in more upscale restaurant. The menu is pretty straight forward with your standard sushi rolls, nigiri, sides/appetizers. The star of the show for me was the jumping rice section. Maybe jumping for the spicy level not that all of them are spicy. Each one comes with your selection of protein for the Indonesia Jumping Rice had choice of chicken, shrimp, or think beef was the third option. I opted for the chicken. I wanted too try more of the menu since it was my first time went with Calamari Tempura. The Calamari Tempura was awesome. The thing stood out most is the calamari was not  ring cuts of squid but nice whole piece not thin either. So the inside was nothing but calamari bliss. You had the tempura batter that was so on point. It was flaky, nice even coating all around, and most of all not greasy. On the inside nice thicker cut of calamari cooked perfect, lightly seasoned, and moist. Dipping sauce brought it all together. Great first course.I had the Indonesia Jumping Rice. Forgot too mention not only protein get choice of rice from white, jasmine, or brown rice. Jumping Rice & Rolls does have some healthy options on the menu. The rice I was surprise at the portion size.  I thought was good size. You added the protein again nice size portion talk about full lunch. Yay!  No doubt plan on coming back trying more of the Jumping Rice section. Kim Chee fried rice is my favorite kind and few more fried rices that want too try. The sushi not sure about but the pictures looking good. No doubt for me it all about the fried rice next visit and probably the next one and so forth. Not many places I can think of serve good fried rice more less here you have options. It affordable price and nice atmosphere kick back enjoy your meal. The service is awesome friendly, helpful, and check on you make sure things are going well.
2	I went for a late lunch on Saturday, no other patrons. Hmmm. Interesting. My confidence for stopping in, between errands, was waning. But, nice decor. New and clean. Counter Service. 2 Asian gals in charge at the counter.  Based on their recommendation, I ordered the spicy basil fried rice (jumping rice) with chicken. The portion was a good size but for $12 I think it should be. I'm not sure that I've ever paid $12 for chicken basil fried rice even at a trendy Thai restaurant in San Francisco.I think the flavor was great albeit spicy (so not for everyone). It includes finely chopped fresh veggies, and large and smaller pieces of chicken, basil and many chili peppers (that I picked out and did not eat because there was plenty of spice going, no need to eat them). I ate about 1/3. But got to, and bit into, a large piece of chicken, that was not cooked all the way through. I spit it out. I used my fork to cut into another large piece. It wasn't cooked through either. The smaller pieces were though. I ate those. I took the remaining rice to go. I did not complain, because I knew when I warmed it up for a snack later, the chicken pieces would cook through. I ate leftovers later that evening. After 60 seconds in microwave, all was good.Will I go back? Probably not because for the money there are many other good Asian places.
3	I ordered the crab fried rice and my friend had the kim chee fried rice. They were both good but the price wasn't. I thought it was a little too high.
5	So freakin yummy!!We had the Shrimp Tornado, Volcano, and California Roll. All were amazing and I was shocked at the California Roll's awesome flavor and texture. That's usually a 'gimme' type of roll but this one rocked! Also ordered a bowl of white rice for my 2yo and it was really yummy and fresh! Will definitely be coming back!
5	Food is DELICIOUS!  I had the crab jumping rice along with the salmon blossom. I ate the entire thing ! I can't wait till tomorrow so i can come back and try something different.
5	I couldn't resist coming here to eat after I was running an errand in the same shopping center. I ordered the Rolley Rice Bowl. It was like a big sushi roll ! It tasted really fresh! I also ordered the calamari which was crunchy and plentiful.  When I first placed my order I didn't think it would be enough because I thought the portions would be small . It was more than enough to make me full. I ate my meal there solo. The atmosphere was peaceful and relaxing. The customer service was great ! I was checked on often to make sure I was doing okay and if I needed any refills.
4	Been here twice so far.  Food is pretty good and service is quick and friendly.  Definitely a nice place if you're in the mood for some good Asian food.  Can get a bit pricey unless you know what you're getting, but worth it.
5	Went in for a Take Out Order without calling first... Took just a few minutes and the food and it was excellent..... Am looking forward to visiting again!
4	I've been Here a couple of times.Had the Tuna Ninja roll (I think that's what it was called), and shared the cucumber salad, spicy garlic edamame, rolley rice, egg rolls, and crush roll.  Really liked all of it but the crush roll - way too heavy on the mayo for my taste but it got my sister to step outside her comfort zone and try anything to do with sushi for the first time.Fish is really fresh so no disappointment there.  It can be a bit pricey so watch yourself as you start adding things to your order.
4	I will looking for a lunch spot Friday July 11th and came across Jumping Rice and Rolls. It's fairly new and with that name I was curious what they had to offer. Well to my surprise (not really) they have various rice dishes  and sushi rolls. They were both tasty and well presented for a pretty casual place. The person behind the counter and the server were extremely polite and I will return. Nice casual atmosphere.. The roll was excellent!!
4	My friends and I have driven by this establishment a few times and finally decided to try it out for ourselves. It's a good choice if you're going with people who don't really like sushi. The rolls were nothing too special, but they did taste good! Jumping Rice are their fried rice dishes and I didn't try any of them, but I did try the Chicken Mayo bowl and that, I thought was both unique and worth the price! You've got nothing to lose here! It's a good lunch, the place is clean and the staff is friendly.
5	Came in after a gym workout, I was craving for some teriyaki chicken. But as I was reading the menu, something caught my attention. It was a rice bowl entree called the "Fishing Bowl" was described to have tuna, super white tuna, salmon, albacore, red snapper, tamago, and sweet shrimp with sushi rice. The description made my mouth water. It was basically a sushi lovers dream all in one bowl!!!! The price was about $18 and some change. When I ordered, the cashier asked if it was to go or to dine in. I replied that we were going to dine in. We sat anywhere we wanted. The tables and chairs were modern and so was atmosphere.The wait for the food took about 15-20 min. Which was a little long for something simple to make, considering everything is raw sashimi. But as I received my bowl. It was worth the wait! The cuts were 3 ounces and 2-3 of every type of fish. The quality was better than I thought. It tasted fresh as you would get from a sushi bar. Overall: (scale 1-5)Customer Service: 4.5Food: 5Price: 4.5 Restaurant dining: 5I have only tried this bowl. But I'll be sure to come back for the other items!
5	Found this place on yelp and decided to go give it try.  I ordered the crab fried rice and it was delicious!  There were real crab meat in the rice and a soft shell crab on the top....everything was cooked perfect.  My friend ordered a pork cutlet cause she's allergic to seafood and she enjoyed her meal as well.
3	I have to say ehhhh.   We've been to Jumping Rice several times since they opened.  The rice is always delicious and we eat too much of it.  On the sushi rolls however, they are a little disappointing.  Flavors are good but they are never rolled tight enough and they almost always fall apart.  We thought it was just because they were new but now it's every time. Don't know if we'll be back....
3	We are in desperate need of a good sushi restaurant in the area...when they first opened thought they would fit the bill.Sadly they have not maintained their original promise.The rolls are loose, average in flavor and way over priced.Stoll looking for my local place.
5	Good food, always fresh ingredients. Fast & friendly service, don't be dismayed by the walk up order counter, they have a nice modern restaurant style seating in the back area. Great for casual style dining.
5	Great food. Its our first very time and we are impressed! Really fresh tasting food and super friendly service. We will definitely be back.
5	Been there a couple more times now... Called ahead both times..... By the time I get in the are and drive 10 minutes over, my order is ready for pick up... Favorite dish, so far is the Mayo Chicken... Awesome!
4	I usually will not eat at any other place that has sushi besides Kanji steak house.......but I am glad I tried it! I had the ahi poke salad which I absolutely loved. Usually it can taste over oceany but this was perfect. I also had the shrimp tempura and that was good as well. I had the chicken teriyaki bowl with jasmine rice and that was good as well. Prices were good and service was as well. Cute small spot and You order and pay before you sit. They have plates to noodles to sushi and raw fish. Really good!!
4	Quality of food and customer service has improved a lot that's why I am updating my review. So far my favorite dishes are still the pork belly jumping rice and the crunchy chicken mayo rice.... hmm yummy. You can also havr them substitute white rice for brown rice :)The sushi is also delicious and the baked green mussells. Definitely a place I will be frequenting.
5	Four words. Spicy. Basil. Jumping. Rice. The crab was actually really good too.  I really love how the restaurant is super casual and not a sit down restaurant. I loved that the service was fast and the cashier girl came to check up on us. I will def be coming back to try other things.
5	This review is long overdue. Was first introduced to this little hidden gem by my friend Adam who used to work at The Juice Standard (another great little hidden gem for healthy cold pressed juices and adorable decor) and would frequent this place constantly during his lunch breaks xD 5 visits in and 12 rolls and 3 fishing bowls in and I'm completely sold on this place. Despite it's laid back, no fuss appearance Jumping Rice and Rolls service is always friendly and super efficient (our food usually only takes a good 7-9mins tops). And the quality of their fish...is ohhh soooo fresh and top notch. Ironically being even better than most fancy wine and fine sushi establishments. And for the price they (JR&R) ask for, it's a steal and definitely a guilty cheat day treat well worth it. I highly recommend the rolling no. 5 roll $13:In:shrimp tempura, spicy soft shell crab, cucumber Out:spicy soft shell crab Top: tuna,salmon, albacore, shrimp, red snapper and drizzled with this spicy mayo ponzu concoction As well as the salmon blossom $13:In: spicy soft shell crab, spicy tuna, spicy crab,cucumber Out: spicy soft shell crab, spicy tuna, spicy crab Top: salmon, white tuna with sesame mustard sauce Tried the volcano roll (as pictured) $9.73 on a whim today since it's one of the few if not the only indicated "no rice" roll. And although I wasn't nearly as impressed as my past experiences I was still satisfied nonetheless. The portion for this dish wasn't as gracious as the two rolls I mentioned earlier (which both have 8-9 pieces) but again, the fish quality and freshness was as always on par. Less crab mix and less eel sauce would have probably made it more enjoyable and easier to wash down. Perhaps I'll try to ask for a "no rice" option for another roll next time :)
1	After finding shrimp in my veggie tempura I ended up throwing everything away because I'm sure there is cross contamination with everything they prepare. I'm allergic to shellfish so that's a big no for me. Won't ever go back to this place
5	Excellent quality flavor .. Miso soup could b hotter .. Poki was amazing clean quiet would come back
5	Casual, but quality. The staff always made sure we were ok and even gave us free drinks because our order took long, which we were surprised because it wasn't that bad especially considering they make their sushi fresh on order. Their prices are average sushi prices for non AYCE. That's expected, but their sushi size is respectable and in good portion. If you want that quick fix without the whole fancy and too many people  and waiting this place is a go. Also you must try their jumping crab fried rice. Outstanding & Delicious. I'm coming back.
5	This spot is so great. Cute service, green tea ice cream with matcha in the bowl too!?! What?! I love it
5	Amazing! I got the sashimi salad, it did not disappoint. The fish was fresh and nice thick pieces. I also got the tuna roll and it had a great flavor. I will have to come back because they have a huge menu... I need to try more!
4	Such a cute restaurant! The food is always on point. I enjoy their combination tempera bowl and pork fried rice. Their kim-chi fried rice is awesome as well. The restaurant is quite small inside but still cute enough for a date night.
3	Food is average! I wont recommend this place if you are really hungry. My wife and I ordered vegie bowl and teriyaki.. I thought i was going to get alot of veggie but i was so disappointed and got so much rice than veggies. Other than the food i give 5 stars for their service.
5	I love this place. I can't get enough of the Indonesian jumping rice (although I get it with the thin noodles not the rice). My wife is hooked on the crab fried rice. It's hard for us not to eat here every day. They have good sized portions and we haven't had a bad experience yet. The staff is really friendly.
5	AWSOME FOOD!!! I would recommend this to everyone who loves fresh and delicious sea food!! People here were nice. The place is casual. All their food looks yummy on pictures. Prices were reasonable. I got the DYNAMITE BOWL which has a taste that lives up to it's name!!! It was full of creamy, yummy seafood that I just love so so so so much!! My boyfriend had the Basil Spicy Jumping Rice.($12) which was good, a bit too spicy for my taste. We both agree that the dynamite bowl was waaaayy better. My only complaint is that it feels like a fast food restaurant. I think that with food THIS Great, it should have a better dining experience. I still give it a five star rating because I loved the food so much, I'm actually craving it right now. I just made myself hungry.. :(
5	Love this place! Everything is delicious & the portion sizes are great. I go to the LVAC nearby & after my workout I love getting their teriyaki bowl to go. They put the sauce on the side, so I can keep it healthy & the amount of protein you get is worth the price. Also, their cucumber salad for $3 is a steal!
5	This hidden gem has fresh fish that can easily go toe-to-toe with a more fancy restaurant.   With a nice mix of cooked rice, sushi, Korean, Thai and Japanese, there's certainly a flavor to appeal to all palettes.   The restaurant is unassuming with it's decor and the order-at-the-counter motif, but the real joy is in the flavorful food that is made fresh to order and delivered with a smile.  Make sure you try the rolley rice bowl or the salmon blossom.  Fantastic treats and not too spivey.  The Thai pineapple rice is a good choice for hot food.  The menu is full of options, with lots of repeat visits in store for the future.
2	Good concept, good location, good service...but the fish is of the AYCE/supermarket variety and overpriced. Big thick cuts of rubbery fish...no thanks
5	BEST FUSION FOOD ever  I had and so friendly servers ! I wanted to bring more people here!
5	Crispy chicken mayo bowl is amazing, friendly staff, amazing service, very little wait and great looking restaurant
3	Jumping Rice & Rolls is categorized as Asian Fusion on Yelp. We felt like venturing something new that night.We sampled Jumping Rice with Angus Beef and Sashimi Salad. I was able to sense the bulk of MSG in Jumping Rice, and the sashimi in the salad was stale.Even though I didn't expect anything fabulous, 4.5 stars for this place is questionable enough to doubt what's going on with Yelp.Did we just get the wrong item?
5	Went here for lunch the other day with my parents and it's definitely a go to hidden gem. You start by ordering up front and then sitting down and waiting for the food to come out to you. We ordered the mini chicken mayo bowl, Japanese lasagna roll and Snow White roll to split.After waiting about five-ten minutes we received our food in huge portions and even a sample of the corn salad. After enjoying our meal we decided to order the tempera green tea ice cream for dessert as well. Delicious! Definitely a must try for great asian fusion food on the southwest side.
5	I love this place! The concept,  execution,  & most importantly food are great. When I recommend this place to friends(which I do frequently) I describe it as Asian Fast Food. That description doesn't really do it justice. It's more of a Japanese Steakhouse,  Thai, Chinese restaurant fusion. You order at the cashier as you walk in.  The food comes out promptly.  The sashimi salad (my favorite) is flavorful and filling. They have a huge menu. This is my go to  for a quick bite instead of actual fast food joints.
