5	Beautiful outdoor shopping center with courtyards and gardens for casual, low-stress shopping. Centrally located and less than a mile south of the world-famous Arizona Biltmore Hotel, the Biltmore Fashion Park is located at 24th Street & Camelback, across the street from The Ritz Hotel. It features stores like Saks, Escada, the Apple store, Restoration Hardware, Pottery Barn, Borders as well as one-of-a-kind boutiques. There's lots of good restaurants like Sam's Cafe (great southwestern cuisine), Steamers (seafood), Bamboo Club and a great outdoor lunch place called Vintage Market. There are tons of other restaurants within a quarter mile as well. http://www.shopbiltmore.com/about_us
4	Place was pretty nice with a lot of the upper scale stores.  See the other review for more details.
2	To sum up the Biltmore Fashon Park all I can think of is Mediocre. I dont even think it deserves that capitilization. Its just a big facade with nothing in it. Immagine looking at it from above.... its just a shell of stores surrounding crap. You've got Borders, coffee plantation, Macy's (although if you want to know how I feel on macy's go ahead and read that review...) and not much else. And while it IS hilarious to make fun of shoppers from Chico's, it doesn't count. What makes it truly sad is it has potential to be a cool place to hang out, but it falls short in that there is nothing open past 9 if you're lucky and it is "under remodeling construction" which makes it displeasurable to even look at from the street right now. yuck.
5	Outdoor shopping at its best... probably not the best if its hot outside- but great outdoor dining and misters... :-)
5	This is absolutely my favorite "mall" in Phoenix.  It's where I fell in love with Restoration Hardware.  My favorite thing is how they've managed to combine things that work for shoppers of all ages and tastes.  Teens may go just for for Borders Books and Coffee Plantation and maybe dreaming a bit in Sharper Image while they play w/the robots By the time they get their own place they'll be exploring Pottery Barn and Williams and Sonoma, and maybe taking their friends to the restaurants and bars up above.  And if there's just way too much money in their bank accounts they might go to Sacks.  Well, all these individual places can have their own reviews, but it's just such a great spot.  They've done an amazing job to keep it always looking "in the now" while not forgetting where they've been.  Though I miss some great stores that have moved - generally into Scottsdale, there is quite a bit of opportunity for the next great store to come and join the rest!  The restaurants are usu sally on top of their game - or they won't last too long.  (See Wolfgang Puck....)  Great all around spot.
5	Biltmore Fashion Park has always been my favorite shopping experience in the Valley, and now it's getting even better.  It's located in the exciting Biltmore/Camelback corridor at 24th Street and Camelback.  With its first phase renovation complete, parking is convenient (I park in the parking structure behind Macy's and Saks Fifth Avenue and can walk directly from my car into either store).  With the opening of the underground walkway, visitors are able to walk underneath Camelback to The Esplanade with its movie theatres and many more bars and restaurants.  BFP has a variety of  boutiques, independent stores and restaurants, in an upscale European atmosphere.  Most of the stores are dog friendly and there is a great store especially for dogs, with edible delicacies from the Three Dog Bakery. Some of my other favorites include Paradise Bakery, a terrific Apple Store with excellent customer service, and Christopher's Fermier Brasserie with its wonderful French food, and variety of fine wines by the glass.  If you need ideas on things to do with your out of town guests, there is a Visitor Center staffed by Certified Tourism Ambassadors from Greater Phoenix Convention & Visitors Bureau with lots of tourism information.  The popular Westcor Gift Cards, which can be used anywhere Visa is accepted, are also sold there.  Enjoy an afternoon of fine dining, shopping and strolling Biltmore Fashion Park.  When it's warm the misters are on!
4	I'm really torn on this 4 star rating.  The Biltmore Fashion Park is my favorite mall in the Valley, but is not exactly five-star worthy -- hence the four stars.  PROS* Outdoor set-up (with grassy lawns and flower pots)* Hip 1960s modern architecture (which let's face it, is historic in our city)* Small scale of the mall (makes it easier to park/walk)* Arizona's only Sak's Fifth Avenue (where I go for my Kiehl's skin care fix)* Decent mix of national chains (Apple, Sharper Image) and locally-owned stores (Haus, Retail Laboratory)* Cool, over-priced wine cafe* Very dog friendly - they even have a bakery for your pampered FidoCONS* Outdoor set-up (which can lead to sweaty, sticky summer shopping)* Hip 1960s modern architecture (which makes it look old compared to other malls.  The remodel last year botched what looked fine already IMO.)* Small scale of the mall (which means that it lacks many stores you would find elsewhere)* Demographics of the immediate area (which means it doesn't have much if you don't make $100K or have a trust fund)
2	I agree with John A.  Its incredibly Mediocre. The stores here are not really stores I usually shop in and if they are (Cole Haan, Pottery Barn, RL) I can find them elsewhere.  They get 1 star for having a nice Macys and another for having Saks.  But honestly, I kept wondering if I was in the wrong place!  The women's boutiques are not well stocked or are traditional mall stores, and the only place to eat if you're shopping alone is Coffee Plantation.  (I think...at least I couldn't find anything else....)  It does have the Cap Grille which I like but thats not enough to bring me there to shop.Honestly, I don't see how one could shop here over Scottsdale Fashion Sq.  The stores just don't compare.
2	It's unfortunate that some of my favorite stores are no longer in the Biltmore and it's remodel by Westcor makes it look like all the other strip malls in AZ.... what happened to the old Phoenix Charm?  Where did it go?Rumor has it that Biltmore pushed Banana Republic out and Restoration Hardware.  I know Gucci left b/c the rent was raised so high, they said F YOU- we are heading to Scottsdale, leaving the expensive eye wear to be purchased as Saks.I also heard that all the restaurants will be gone and condos will be going in there and up--- is this true????  Someone tell me!!!!The most disappointing is the charm of the Biltmore is gone.  It's still pretty and nice to walk around but the charm is far gone.  It's unfortunate.  Although, my friends and I do think that there is an unwritten rule that only cute adorable children and precious doggies are allowed on the property and they must frolic and play on the grass.  So if you got an ugly kid, leave him in the car ala Britney Spears style.
5	I love the Biltmore. Now, if I only had the money to shop there. Sure, there are some more averaged priced places...Macy's, Borders, MAC, Pottery Barn, but most of them are truely top shelf retail establishments.  Gucci, Saks, This Little Piggy Wears Cotton, Tommy Bahama, Betsy Johnson, etc line this outdoor shopping layout.  My favorite part is that on Fridays (at least they used to do this, havent been on a Friday in a while), they have an open air market in the middle of all the shops complete with fresh fruits and vegtables, and hand crafted gifts.  During the summer an outdoor mall is a bit intimidating but once it dips below 100 degrees, this up scale shopping experience is much more than just browsing for new shoes.
3	pretty high end outdoor mall....kind a duck is a pretty cool shop. http://kingandduck.com/however i would have preferred it be an indoor mall.  i'm so not use to that  summer heat.
4	I'm torn. 3 stars? Or 4? Should I split the diff and give it 3.5? I certainly could. But, I'll round-up. Here's why: Getting to Biltmore is easy. Parking isn't a hassle, either. There's the garage behind Macy's that always saves a spot for me. How nice. I like walking around to window shop and people watch. I like the off-chance I'll find a near-steal on a sales rack... cuz Lord knows the regular prices are just too absurd for me. Spend $158 on a new pair of jeans? Well, that's about 26 Guinness if each were $6 a pop. That's nearly one a day. So, yeah. I think my moolah is better spent elsewhere (and I know I can find Guinness for less than $6, so chances are I COULD drink one a day for an entire month for $158). Wait, what if I happen to stumble into a sales table and find jeans for $60? I can swing that... and sometimes you do get lucky at the Biltmore. The stores here are a mix - like a buffet - something for everyone. From gadgets (Apple, Brookstone) to designer clothes (Escade) and shoes (oh, plenty of shoes!), you'll find most anything here, including coffee for you and a doggie treat for your pooch. (The latter I find absolutely absurd, by the way). Plus, if you get a hankerin' for a movie, just cross under Camelback in the new, nifty underground passage over to the AMC at the Esplanade. Over there you'll find more treats for your taste buds, including Cold Stone and 7th Heaven Bakery. But, hey, let's face it, the AMC pretzels are pretty yummy, too. (And for wine after wards, hit up Merc Bar.)I'm not sure Biltmore is an every weekend kind of place. Maybe once a month, if you feel like getting outside, wondering, need to buy a cool present or want to press your luck with a sales find. It's more fun when you take a friend, unless s/he's a serious shopper. Then you might never get 'em to leave. Then again, while they're on a retail rampage, you can always go chill at Borders... magazines, books, music, coffee... oh my! (Just be forewarned: For some reason, cell reception is pretty $hitty in the poetry section.)
4	We've been coming here for years when at the Biltmore. I was a little disappointed this time. One of my favorite restaurants is gone. In past years several other of my faves vanished. It just didn't seem to have the same feel as before the take over. Oh, well. Gotta go with the times!
5	In my many visits to Phoenix, one place I always like to go is Biltmore Fashion Park. It's because it has a great, almost resort like, feel to it, with the trees, the grass, the outdoor patios (keep in mind I'm visiting from Cleveland and always stay with family). There is a great selection of stores and restaurants and it is conveniently located in the Camelback Corridor. The Borders store here is one of my all time favorite Borders locations. The Brookstone store is one of the largest I've been to. The Apple store is nice, although not much larger than the Cleveland area location. Overall, Biltmore Fashion Park is a great place to kill a couple of hours. I like it better than the newer lifestyle centers in the Valley, although those are all great too (see Kierland Commons review).
5	Hey, I love Biltmore Fashion Park.  This little shopping center has a nice mix of stores, I enjoyed just wondering around to see what everyone had to offer.  I really liked the open air, but of course, it's January.   The outdoor areas were very calming and relaxing.
4	I really enjoyed this mall. We did more window shopping/walking around, than actual shopping. It was very enjoyable. We found some really cute gifts at This Little Piggy Wears Cotton, including a set of disguise mustaches for everyday of the week. Priceless. We immediately gave them to our friends and dressed up their baby...poor kid, but great photos! I thought this mall had a nice selection of stores for browsing in nice weather-maybe not the best for hardcore shopping.
3	I liked this mall before they made it better, it seemed much more soft and elegant than it does now. It is still nice but just different.
4	I hadn't been to the Biltmore since it's mid-remodel stage, and at that time, I wasn't very impressed with the new look.  I still miss the way it use to look, but I think it is getting better.  They've moved some of the stores around -- most notably the stores that used to be in the back are now near the front by Macy's. And, there seem to be a whole host of new stores and restaurants popping up. But what really thrilled me, and what made me come out to see their new look (well, that is, new to me) is their Movies in the Park events throughout October and the first Friday in November. It is FREE (amazing!), and it was a BLAST! The first movie they showed was Casablanca, and most of the subsequent ones they will be showing are classic. But, check out their website (www.shopbiltmore.com) for more info. I didn't think the place would be too packed, but there were a decent amount of people that showed up. The movie was shown in the center lawn, near Saks.  And all kinds of people congregate to the area -- friends, couples, families and their dogs spread out blankets and chairs and had a great time watching the movie. The weather was superb which is always nice, but it was also a fantastic way to enjoy an evening with a new community of friends.  It definitely added a nice touch to the new look and feel of Biltmore Fashion Park!
5	Love love love the Biltmore! By far my favorite macy's ever! Because they have more upscale merchandise but the same sales as every other macy's. I have found some amazing shoe deals here! I also enjoy the set up and browsing through the stuff I can't afford.Great place to take out of towners to walk around in December and make them jealous. And around Christmas time they have snow machines!
4	It's in Phoenix. Despite the loss of Vintage Market, 3-Dog Bakery, Ayako, and Coffee Plantation - before which I would have gone for 5 stars - it's in Phoenix and generally a safe and comfortable place to wander about. And dog friendly! And with a Borders. And an Apple Store. But mostly I'm a fan because it's the closest thing we have to a retail center anywhere near central Phoenix. Also, it has the only Macy's shoe department in the north valley that isn't a disorganized zoo. Would love to see more independents in there.
4	Most malls in Phoenix are monstrous, indoor facilities. Biltmore Fashion Park is an inside-out alternative full of upscale shops and designer outlets. All stores are in buildings facing outside rather than a series of hallways, allowing shoppers to be out in the open air rather than an air-conditioned labyrinth in a massive building. There isn't a "food court" or cheap eats as is usually a staple of malls, but rather upscale restaurants. Be prepared to expand your shopping budget for this place, as price tags are generally higher. Even if you don't care to go shopping, it's great for people-watching and sunning in the courtyard area, which is full of grass and other greenery. An underground walkway on the south end of the complex connects you to a virtual annex on the opposite side of Camelback, which houses more bars, restaurants, some shops and a movie theater amidst the Ritz Carlton and office buildings. I'm sure I'd drop a bit more money here if I were in a far more comfortable financial situation. One complaint I'd have is that the exits to Camelback or 24th Street can get tricky.
3	WTF happened to the parking situation on the south side of the shopping center? Since when did it seem like a good idea to make two thirds of it valet parking? This annoyance aside, it's not a bad place. There has been an excessive amount of turnover there, even places that seem like they should be stable. Case in point, the magical disappearing-reappearing-and disappearing again Banana Republic. Maybe it keeps things... fresh? It's kind of schizo place over all anyway, with its mix of high end (Saks) with not so much (Victoria's Secret). It's not a place you'd want to go shopping for the pure fun of lazy day shopping, but it has a few key places (Apple, Borders, MAC) that are very handy for staples for the central Phoenician.
4	Pet friendly is one thing I've always like about the Biltmore, but things are getting out of hand.  In the last two weeks I've see people there with: 1) a wolf.  Honestly - I don't think it's a wolf/dog mix, I think that thing is a wolf; 2) a ferret.  In a pink sweater no less.  On a leash skittering around the ground and going into Teavana.  Yuck.  3) Parrots.  A gentleman was eating outside (thank goodness) at Paradise bakery with two parrot perched on his knees.  Made me hope no one decided to bring their cat with them...
2	In the worst economy I've seen in Arizona in 30 years, Biltmore Fashion Park has just decided to institute PAID parking at its shopping center. This is insulting to the locals who consider BFP their neighborhood mall and shop here frequently. And it favors the ultra wealthy...a valet actually told me it's his job to "protect the patron's luxury vehicles." When I asked him if my $35,000 car met his definition of luxury, he gave me a blank look. Ridiculous. The ever-widening gap between the classes isn't being helped by policies like this. Hey, BFP management...remember the French Revolution?
3	Odd mixture of shops with most of them somewhat upscale, especially for jewelry.  Parking isn't so bad on the north side of the facility, but most people just fight for the few spots on the side facing Camelback road and then complain about parking.  Great outdoor mall for the nice months when you don't feel like being inside, yet have to shop.
4	I love Biltmore.. After all it was my start in Phoenix.. Stores are the mix I need: Pottery Barn for my linen fetish; MAC so I can stay looking fly; Williams Sonoma for my culinary love;& ohmygoodness.. A wine bar.. The only things to make it better.. A Nordstrom & a architecture update.. :-)
4	Not sure about the new parking situation at Biltmore Fashion Park, but the additions of Lulu Lemon, Apple Store, and True Food Kitchen are a draw for me... and I happen to really like the Macy's at Biltmore too.  Oh, and the under pass that was built for pedestrians to go the the Esplanade is a plus.  However, the best part about this place is that Minnie can go shopping with me!Anywhere that Minnie is welcome is a huge plus in my book!
2	I like to visit Mojo yogurt, Zinburger and Stingray sushi.  All of those places are on the south side of the property.  It's an absolute joke that most of the parking on that side is valet.  It's not so bad when the weather is nice.  In the summer when it's hotter than heck it will be a deterrent to me visiting.
4	I have been a fan of the Biltmore Fashion Park for many years now. The last few years there has been many changes. The shops are more high end and there is a variety of dining spots to choose from. The upscale mall located in the heart of the lovely Camelback Corridor. They got rid of the traditional Haagen Daz Ice Cream and have added Mojo Yogurt a trendy yogurt spot built in a Urban Fashion Decor. What I do like about the dining experience is the restaurants to choose from are not the everyday restaurants we drive past (excluding CPK and Cheesecake Factory). There are always tons of events going on at the park. The store Lululemon Athletica does Yoga at the Park and Cross Fit Training Weekly. Williams-Sonoma teaches there culinary techniques along with other weekly events. I highly recommend checking the events on the Biltmore Mall website. There are also some excellent sales and coupons listed. I will warn you park in the Macy's garage or the under pass leading from the Esplanade because I still have yet to understand the new parking situation.
4	Biltmore deserves four stars for four reasons:1. Dog friendly - Here, I can take Harley on a fashionista's stroll if the weather is nice. While Harley is a boy pup, he is a diva at heart and enjoys retail therapy like the rest of us. 2. Event Central - Biltmore Fashion Park is a gluten for events. They do everything from yoga in the park, to movies in the park to special movie premiere packages. I've been to two movie premiere events at the Biltmore, Taste during Super Bowl, Movies in the Park and I'd like to eventually try Yoga in the park as well. 3. Retail Variety - I enjoy the Biltmore Fashion Park's newest and always improving retail variety. While I wish they had more "browsable-I-want-to-blow-some-$-on-something-I-don't-need-without-going-to-broke" options, they do have some great shops. William and Sonoma offers cooking classes and Lulu Lemon offers yoga classes -- just to name a few of the retail stores in shop. Plus they have an Apple store, Borders, Macy's, Saks, Ralph Lauren, BCBG, Godiva, Pottery Barn...the list goes on and on and one. 4. Cuisine - I enjoy the variety of dining options here. Fox added one of my favorites, Tru Food, Mojo invites me to sweeten my taste buds, Paradise Bakery offers me a sandwich delight, Christopher's hosts the happiest hour of them all and Capitol Grille classes up the night. In addition, they are doing construction and I've heard of other tasty cuisine choices who will soon be opening their doors.
4	Saw Funny Face tonight during Biltmore's Movies in the Park (Fri. evenings 7:30, full season calendar at bottom of post). The showing was well-attended, but the central lawn still provided ample space.Newly opened K.G. Belgian chocolates has excellent truffles, located within re-opened Haagen-Dasz, which is fairly central in the mall.Echoing Lindsey F.'s post, the Biltmore hosts an impressive calendar of events. http://www.shopbiltmore.com/events.aspThe Biltmore has launched its Art in the Park series, a mini First Friday artwalk, hosted by participating retailers including Calypso St. Barth, Escada, Stuart Weitzman, Tommy Bahama, The Golden Barrel, Urban Living, Allen Edmonds, Alessi, Brooks Brothers) and  Cheesecake Factory, California Pizza Kitchen.Confirmed: parking situation is less than ideal, re: Julia T.'s review on 3/28. While reasonable, parking should be free on principle - they offer 2 hrs. of free, validated parking, otherwise $1/hr.October 1 - Funny FaceOctober 8 - Raiders of the Lost ArkOctober 15 - The Seven Year ItchOctober 22 - ChinatownOctober 29 - Young FrankensteinNovember 5 - Bye Bye BirdieNovember 12 - North by NorthwestNovember 19 - The Great GatsbyNovember 26 - no movieDecember 3 - American GraffitiDecember 10 - Holiday InnDecember 17 - Scrooged
4	Growing up Phoenix, the Biltmore was a special place to visit especially during the holidays.  I used to spend Christmas Eve with my best friends at Houlian's for lunch.  We would go and people/dog watch.. and now you can still people and dog watch but also, maybe see a few sports players hanging out..especially at the Apple store.Recent years, stores/shops have been going up and closing, however, the Biltmore is definetely less snobbish than Fashion Square, no matter what anyone says.  The parking out in the front really isn't that bad.  For one, if you are going to go to the Biltmore, you will spend some money.  All you have to do is take the little yellow coin that comes out, and when you make a purchase in one of the shops, they will validate it, and you get 2 hours for free..not really that hard people to do.   And the Bilmore is showing films in the courtyard, yoga in the morning, great restraurants and shops....if you don't like animals..dogs, cats, wolfs, ferrets, birds..etc..well, Fashion Square is down the street, lots of plastic, botox, nose in the air, and unfriendly store workers..I will take the animals and being outside strolling in and out of the shops anytime.
5	The staff was soooooo nice! I was looking for something specific and inquired with one of the many associates working. She said that they had run out of their inventory, but thought one of the mannequins might have been wearing my size. Sure enough, that mannequin had my pants on:) To make a pleasant shopping experience short, I pretty much bought out the entire store and was extremely happy with my purchases. They are a bit pricey, but the quality of their clothing is worth every penny, plus my new perky butt looks amazing:) !!!
5	This place automatically makes you feel high class. It's been a while since I've last visited this area. Since my last visit, they have redone the parking, changed the stores, and redefined the entire shopping and dining experience. The have a great variety of shops. There are fancy restaurants offering a wide variety of cuisines. The best part is the grassy area to sit and relax or people watch. The parking off of Camelback is now valet, paid, or validated; however, free parking is on the north side. Plan to spend an extra 5-10 minutes to park either way you decide to go.
5	Gotta love the Biltmore Fashion Park. They have several of my favorite stores to go to. Apple, William Sonoma, Potery Barn & Teavanna.I really like their paid parking system in the front. Easy to use for premium parking.
5	This review is for 06/11/2011. After a failed attempt to find something to do, my GPS told me about the Biltmore. I had no idea what it was, but it was located in a busy business area of Phoenix. To my surprise, I was...SURPRISED. If Beverly Hills/Rodeo Drive had to relocate, it would be here at Biltmore Fashion Park. This is a very classy place. It is a combination of an outlet mall meets Beverly Hills. There is free parking on the north side of the mall. However, if you are eating in you can park in the south side with, I think, two hour validation. There is valet service as well. I parked on the garage because of the heat and the shade would provide some level of comfort when I returned. I parked on the second floor which was a mistake because I walked in one of the most expensive stores at the Biltmore, Saks Fifth Avenue. By simply walking in, I had declared bankruptcy a couple times over. There was a lot of female associates waiting to take your credit card. Glad I walked fast out of there. I walked the center of the mall and it was calm feeling. A lot of people were just sitting outside while the water mists were filling the property. It was so damn relaxing there. I took a walk around and decided....I think I need a drink. I found a Biltmore Guide and wasn't familiar with a lot of the stores. I saw something called Black Chile Mexican Grill and I knew that this place was a guaranteed win for drinks. That will be on another review. The Biltmore is simply amazing. I met a new friend here at Black Chile Mexican Grill and had an amazing time here. I won't be buying any clothes here, but I will grab a drink again if I am here in town. What a wonderful place!!
4	A cool little outdoor mall filled with several quality restaurants and upscale shops.  It's well designed to mostly attract the well off folks who live in the immediate area, or are staying in the nearby resorts.  Having several grassy areas not only adds to the attractiveness of Biltmore Fashion Park's design, but also makes it a dog and kid friendly spot.  There's actually a park feeling to it, so unlike some spots in the valley, the word "park" in the name actually makes sense.Other than some of the restaurants, Biltmore Fashion Park isn't really a good destination place if you live far.  The stores aren't really anything you can't find find at most other valley malls and shopping centers.  Many of those stores also tend to close fairly early.  I usually only shop at the Biltmore if I'm planning to eat there, too.The parking situation is also a little odd.  The front of the mall (uncovered) charges hourly, but can be validated.  Many of the restaurants in the front also offer free valet.  The parking structure located in the rear of the mall is free.  In the hot Arizona summer, I'd assume it would make more sense to charge people to use the covered parking.  Uncovered spots in the back of mall are also free of charge.
4	I like coming here because it's only a block away from my place! the mall is pet friendly so we take our olde english bulldogges for a walk here and ocassionally stop at one of the establishments to eat.  the park has misters all over the place so it makes it alot more bearable during the summer nights.
4	I love this outdoor mall.  It's clean, it's open and has a wonderful restaurant selection.  It doesn't have a huge amount of stores but the stores it does have fits the bill. Now that it has J Crew life got a little sweeter.  I really miss the Border book store, however. Some cool Biltmore activities are yoga in the park and movies in the park.  The movies are usually classics and happen during the fall.  Another bonus, is it's super dog friendly.  If you have a four legged friend to walk around with, make sure you walk to the east end of the mall and visit Arizona Humane Society's Petique to visit the other pups.Happy Shopping!
4	This is two miles from my house. I love this place!Enuf said!
5	I like this place! No, I really like this place. Shopping is my hobby and Biltmore offers the stores I want, without the crowds. My kind of place!Saks? CheckMacy's? CheckCole Hahn? CheckApple? CheckPolo? Check Check!Plus, the restaurants and deli shoppes with free wifi and the mini park in the middle add to the feast. Don't forget movie nights in the summer and yoga classes on Sunday. Great central location too. My only concern are the closing of certain stores and what is coming next.  Stay tuned!
4	Great outdoor mall with lots of high end shops and good food. Great location for a date and you want to hold hands and walk underneath the stars.
4	I love the feel of this place.  It's so homey and a bit blue-blood.  The ivy and classic architecture will never go out of style with me.  The now-paid parking on the south side is a bit annoying and faux-exclusive.  But the selection of the stores is interesting, even if not completely conducive to being a 20-something year old guy.  It's just a fun hang-out with a few good eateries and places you can't find anywhere else.
2	This is a very high end mall and not somewhere that I would buy anything. There are tons of fashion/clothes shops, so perhaps it's good if you like that sort of shopping. There is also an Apple store, which is cool. I visited on a Saturday afternoon. There was almost no parking available and the stores were overcrowded. For the number of large and fancy malls in the Phoenix area, this one doesn't measure up for me.
4	Cons:ParkingNo Banana Republic or GucciParadise Bakery is the closest thing to a coffee shop herePros:Apple StoreGreat RestaurantsValley's only Saks Fifth Avenue (as well as a few other Biltmore exclusive boutiques, Saks is just my favorite)Dog FriendlyMovies in the parkGreat revitalization done here. The parking situation kept this from being a 5 star review. Parking in the back is free, parking in the front is either valet or has a charge (unless validated, then two hours are free).There are two issues with parking in the front. As Julia T. pointed out, atleast 60-70% of the spots in front are reserved for valet, but with the exception of Friday and Saturday night are 90% empty.The issue with the paid parking is there are no attendants and no way to pay cash. Credit card only. 99% of the time that is fine as I almost NEVER have cash on me.One time though, I had forgotten my debit card at home (I was shopping online the night before) had cash and my credit card. As I go to leave, my parking charge comes out to $1. I go to pay, I swipe my credit card and keep getting an error message. It worked fine at lunch and at the Coach store moments before!I have cash and no way to use it. Two cars are behind me. Luckily my friend is in the first car and comes to my rescue!Other than that issue, I really love coming here. Whether just to walk around and people watch, grab a bite with friends (all the restaurants here are good. Seriously, all of them!)It's a good mix of stores, though I do really miss Banana Republic and Gucci and wish the new J. Crew had men's clothing and Lululemon had a larger selection of men's clothing, but no one seems to listen to me.It's very dog friendly, some stores even have water dishes out front for dogs. If it wasn't for AZ's leash laws, I would bring my dog. She doesn't leave my side but will freeak out the moment she so much as sees a leash.Great mix of restaurants, different types of food and price points.
5	I have always liked the Biltmore Fashion Park. I used to live nearby so i have spent a lot of time here.  The stores are always changing as well as the restaurants. Over the years there has been quite a variety. One thing you can always count on here is change. Covered parking in the Garage, valet parking and just regular parking in the back. Lots of chioces!  Saks 5th Ave. has been here for years and is the only one in the Valley. What used to be The Broadway is now Macy's, fabulous!   I miss that there is no Banana Republic here any more, but, always something new. You can walk your  dogs around through here, they have a lot of good events all the time. Even have an Apple store. Good place to walk around on a date as well.
3	This outdoor mall has undergone several changes in the last few years. It seems to be more of a fancy food court than a great shopping center.  They anchor the place with Cheesecake Factory, Singray Sushi, and CPK.  Paradise Bakery also makes a killing at this location.  It is always packed!Macy's in the main deparment store that is always clean and offers up some great sales at times.Main Highlights: Pros: Nice outdoor Walking AreaLarge Grassy Areas for Kids to Play during a shopping BreakMOVIES IN THE PARK - THIS IS AWESOME, BUT COME EARLY, ALWAYS BUSYCons: Too many High end boutiquesThey made parking in the front cost $$EXITING THE PARKING LOT FROM THE FRONT IS SO DANGEROUS YOU CANNOT SEE OVER THE "UNDERGROUND BRIDGE"Overall, a good spot for a date night for morning with the kids after grabbing a nosh and beverage at Paradise.
4	I've been coming here on and off for the past few years, and I have to say, I absolutely love it, for a million different reasons.  Why and how you ask?  Here, let me make a list:Pros:-Plenty of shopping, more upscale, outdoorsy mall with plenty of places to shop and eat at.  They have the cheesecake factory, zinburger, true food, capitale grille and several other places to eat and hang out at.  You can eat for $10 or $100 a person here.....no ones excluded! You don't have to break the bank to enjoy a good meal.-easily walkable with plenty of shopping.  Sacks Fifth Ave, Polo, and plenty of other stores to wander through for all budgets.  Some places will have price tags that make your eyes pop out, and others are more affordable that won't hurt your pocket book.-You can park here and walk across the way to the Harkins theatre which is AWESOME!  As long as you don't park in the hourly parking, you can shop, dine and grab a movie all in one afternoon, at the same place, without having to move your car.  The harkins theater is one of those dine in theaters, so you can even eat there!  I know you can park closer to the theater in a garage, but you can also park in the back  end of the Biltmore, take a short walk, and save a few pennies on parking if you'd like, along with get some much needed exercise.CONS:-The only MAJOR downside to this place is the parking situation.  When I started coming here, it was not like this, but they changed it about a year, maybe two ago.  HORRIBLE.The parking situation has become a serious turnoff to me.  I think they've always had valet, but the front part of the parking lot (facing camelback-in front of the cheesecake factory) is now entirely a pay by the hour set up.  *some* of the restaurants will validate for 2 hours of free parking if you ask, but if you eat, hang out and do some shopping, I can see how spending slightly more then hours here is possible.  Or, if you eat here, walk around and then go to the Harkins theatre across the street, FORGET IT.  I noticed last week that if you leave your car there for more then 4 hours, its something ridiculous like $16!!!  If you validate, you may save a few bucks, but your still going to pay out the nose.  Lost ticket?  $16!!!!!!   The only "free" parking is in the way back of the mall.  You have to circle around the Capitale Grill, park in the poverty section, and then walk through the mall area to get where your going.  If your in a time crunch, you will most likely want to do Valet, or just pay the stupid fees.  I've come here to eat lunch, and you can't find a place to park.  You can only hope to either get validated, or pray that you stopped at the ATM before you got here to pay your way out.  I have an hour lunch, so I don't really have time to circle to the back, park, and walk through the mall.I wish they hadn't done that.  When its hot outside in July, and I'm going to the cheesecake factory, I sometimes regret coming here because of how they screwed up the parking situation.Overall, I would recommend this mall to anyone.
4	Have a pooch, then this your place! While the shopping is not as great as Scottsdale Fashion Mall, it has decent options. Coach, Apple Store, Mac Store and more boutique style shops. I have to admit, this used to be a way better place for pups, but over the years, new shops and stores have come in that are a bit less dog friendly, but still the best shopping area for four legged friends. The outdoor areas are perfect for a stroll with your dog, Zinburger will allow Pets in their Patio to dine. Also the Apple store will let your dogs in as well. I've brought my pup in a few times when I had questions or issues with my iPhone.The negatives are definitely the parking here. The valet and paid parking options are totally ridiculous, but if you don't mind hiking like I do, then there is plenty of free parking West of the mall. Overall if you're looking for something other then the typical dog park or hike with your pup, and want something more human friendly that allows pups, this is by far the best spot to be.
5	This is a great place to shop, grab a bite, eat dessert, relax, or just hang around.Eat at one of the many excellent restaurants like Christopher's, Seasons 52, Black Chili Mexican, and Capitol Grill. Swing by Royal for a cappuccino, iced latte, or your favorite coffee of the day. Savor frozen delight from Haagen Dazs or Mojo Yogurt -- ahhh my sweet Mojo, you and I have been in an on and off relationship for the past year now... by off I mean the 3 or 4 days a week I'm NOT there :)  .Movies in the park nights are fun to go to; gasping, laughing, and crying with 200 of your closest (people you probably just met). Get there early for good seats, (about 30 min or more), otherwise you'll be stuck behind a tree or some tall guy you can't see around. Be sure to bring a lawn chair along or a blanket to throw down if you'll be attending one of these events.The shopping is top notch - but be sure to bring your wallet. Most shops here will cost you at least your first born child, or an equivalent value.Happy shopping to all my yelping buddies!
4	A clean shopping center with many classy options for food, drink and retail therapy.
5	Apple, Saks 5th Avenue, Macy's, Ralph Lauren, Cole Hann, all reside in the best shopping destination in Phoenix!
4	I like coming here because it's the only shopping center I have ever been to that's actually a park. It's very pet friendly, and fitness friendly too. Every restaurant there has good food, although they are very busy, so sometimes you can expect a wait. There's plenty of parking, both self and valet, covered and uncovered.The only reason it's 4 stars is that it's not for everyone. Most shops are upscale, and beautiful, but not particularly budget friendly.I'm on the fence though, because it's also a park, so there are plenty of free activities to do besides shop.4.5
4	Strolling through like I'm fancy, yet I was dressed down in jean shorts and a tank top. I thought, what the hell I can afford to spoil myself a bit and that's just what I did. The Biltmore is a really nice upscale mall. I walked around a bit, had lunch, window shopped and even had a little frozen yogurt. Then I decided to throw down and buy a couple dresses and some jewlery. The stores are really nice and they have those misters everywhere, I freaking love them! I wish I would have stopped by here earlier in my vacation, because I loved coming here!
3	Meh...i think I'm a spoiled mall rat.  Been to some amazing ones, been to rodeo drive and melrose ave.  I think the great thing about this mall are it's restaurants, not the shops.
4	This place is so hoity toity that I feel judged driving into the parking lot with my dusty pathfinder. Yea, can't compete with the many shiny nice rides of the biltmore who all get valet, and the regular people/riffraff are relegated to parking in either the surface lots facing camelback or the covered garage behind. But, one of my favorite Macy stores is an anchor at this tony outdoor mall. Only the best and coveted designers seem to have outlets here, and just walking, and meandering by the store fronts makes you feel regal, and window shopping isn't that bad at all. There are a good number of restos that I do like here, such as Seasons 52, Stingray with their great outdoor patio, and indoor/outdoor bar. Oh and if I want to feel healthy and eat clean, there's True Food Kitchen and across the street, the movie treat of the AMC 14 esplanade. It's a good mall to go to on a nice weather day BUT during the summers you'll find me pull in with my pathfinder into a covered garage spot, and I'll be shopping in the air conditioned confines of Macy's just taking it in. =)
2	Why do people like this place?  Aside from Christopher's and Cole Haan I cannot think of a single reason to visit the Biltmore.  Pottery Barn?  Ralph Lauren?  A bunch of overpriced ladies boutiques?  Yawn.  Completely unnecessary in a city with so many other quality shopping centers.
5	I freaking love it here!! This can't be missed if your around this area, try out True Food.
4	Great selection of stores.  Wish I had more time to spend here.  If I lived here, I think this place would empty my bank account.
4	Biltmore Fashion Park is doing a great job with their expansion of businesses! I enjoy the many businesses and restaurants in the shopping center and I especially enjoy walking around with my dog! My advice to yelpers is to keep an eye on their event's calendar because they host great event like movies in the park and yoga in the park.
5	swag mall plus zinburger is awesome
4	I've been to the Biltmore shopping center plenty of times but never really "shopped". I mainly come for the numerous restaurants they have! The entire complex is really large and can be confusing when walking around, but I don't mind since it is outdoors and very inviting. I don't want to call the Biltmore a mall, but it's very similar to an outdoor mall. However, I feel like it is less gimmicky than Desert Ridge or Tempe Marketplace. There are plenty of places to sit and relax - really relax. I like that you can unwind, when the temperatures are right! Overall, the Biltmore is nice to window shop as I'm on my way to one of the numerous restaurants in the area.
5	I love this shopping center. We take our kids there to let them loose in the grassy park sitting right smack dab in the middle of all these HIGH priced stores$$Actually if you go into Macy's they always have a clearence going on! There clearence is nothing like your old school Blue Lite Special. This stuff is high class, high standard, well built stuff for cheap! Especially in the kids department.We usually get tea at Tevona and eat at True Foods Kitchen while we are there. If that wasn't enough, we will pile up a Mojo full of fresh fruit & frozen yogart!Come play tag with my kido's in their park some time...Or hide and seak behind the "one" tree in the grass, lol
5	Parking is still on my "cons" list but can usually park in the back or the garage for free. I still don't understand the need for the pay lots.Union has been open for a few months now and I love it there. There is a coffee shop (Royal, it's wonderful) as well as some great locally owned shops like For the People, Bonafide Goods and Queen Creek Olive Mill.There is a relatively new J. Crew, however it is a women's only store. So I liked it before and absolutely love it now!
5	Let's just start by saying that anything that is considered "Fashionable" always seems to have an element of questionable functionality.  Biltmore Fashion Park is just that - a fashionable park in the biltmore area.  With upscale retail stores and pricey boutiques, it is just the right blend to make us 99% feel fashionable.  After valet parking, we can pick up our new Apple products, walk around the park swinging our sleek bag and then stop for a drink on the patio of one of the upscale dining options.  Even bring our canine accessory for the day and watch movies in the evening.I love it! The restaurants are awesome (even if Sam Fox has a stranglehold on most of it now), but Christopher's Crush Lounge is not to be forgotten in the back corner either.  When they have movies in the park, definitely get there early for a great lawn seat.Parking is a bit of a nightmare, but avoid the south side completely for a more pleasant experience.  Going in the "back way" is a much better option although less visually appealing.The Biltmore Fashion Park has been an institution at this corner - hosting the likes of Planet Hollywood, Coffee Plantation, Sharper Image, and many other greats of their time.  Glad to see it is still around and kicking!
4	A chic shopping center with a nice selection of restaurants, household wares, and clothing stores, just to name a few. Although the setup of the park means you'll be walking outside from store to store, it's shaded and scenic enough that you won't mind so much during the scorching summer months. A plus of this center is that they allow dogs around the shopping areas, although I haven't tried to take my dogs into any stores except the excellent Petique pet supply/adoption store. The addition of the Union area of the Biltmore caters to a younger crowd, housing such stores as Smeeks and the delicious Whoopie Baking Company.
5	I have always loved Biltmore Fashion Park.  They change the feel of the park according to the calendar.  The place is nicely decorated for the holidays, great for pics!  The flowers and grass are always pretty.  They have events all the time.  Movie on the greens, yoga on the greens, etc.  And it is doggie welcome!
5	Wonderful spot with a good variety of stores which include some cute little boutiques. Nice location and is beautifully designed. Would definitely recommend to anybody visiting the Phoenix area to check this place out for some upscale shopping.
3	***Biltmore Fashion Park features a small selection of upscale clothing stores and shops like Pottery Barn; there is nothing here that is really interesting though the chocolates shop looked nice; there is a variety of dining options from upscale chains like The Capital Grille and major, moderately priced chains like California Pizza Kitchen to more local places like Zinburger (a local burger chain)***Biltmore Fashion Park has its own parking lot--both valet and pay self parking are available.  At least some restaurants (like Zinburger) validate parking (Zinburger validates up for 2 hours).
4	Lovely outdoor mall. There are water misters all over the place, keeping shoppers cool. Lots of fancy stores and nice restaurants with beautiful and delicious smelling foods that I can't eat. I really enjoyed walking around and looking at the pretty things.
4	This place is pretty awesome. It may be my favorite outdoor shopping area (I refuse to call it a mall) in Phoenix. There are so many wonderful world-class and local stores and restaurants (Macy's, BCBG, Apple, Escada, MAC, Teavana, The Limited, Williams-Sonoma, Christopher's Crush, CPK, Seasons 52, Capital Grille, Zinburger, cosmetics, jewelry, clothing for the whole family, electronics,books, gifts, flowers, cards, shoes, pretty much anything you would need and a bunch of stuff you just want!) Also, they have fun events (movies in the park, Dining after Dark, Live Music @ UNION, cooking classes, store events, etc.) so make sure you check out their calender of events because it seems like they always have something going on during the evenings). If you don't use the valet parking or the free parking area, don't forget to validate!
3	For the stores and the physical mall itself, I'd award Biltmore Fashion a 5 stars. There are many great stores and restaurants here and it is an nice, upscale location. There is a lot of greenery and a misting system in the summer. But why the three stars? Well, to understand that, you must first understand how the mall is laid out. In the back there is a large 4 (?) story parking garage which has walkways to Neiman Marcus and anyone can park there for free. In the front of the mall they have a ton, and I mean a ton, of parking spaces as the mall is essentially surrounded by parking on all sides (with the aforementioned parking garage being one of them). However, they have recently started charging for parking in parking lot (i.e. the front). Despite the fact that they never had any shortage of parking, they decided to start charging for parking there anyways. The parking is free for two hours with validation, so I would give Biltmore Fashion 4 stars except for the fact that there new parking system is terribly designed. It is both confusing (to newcomers) and hard to navigate (leading to congestion of through traffic. Also you must pay for parking at kiosks, before you get to your car which is another inconvenience. Since there is ample free parking, I'm not too concerned, but the free parking is less convenient.
4	this high end mall is always impressive. i don't shop here...i can't afford to. but it is located on some beautiful grounds and for those with deeper pockets than me, i'm sure it has alot to offer. it was our locale for a Yelp Elite event, spanning numerous places of dining extravaganza. Julia Bakers, Christophers, Capital Grille, the Union, and tastes from California Pizza Kitchen. all cool stores....
5	Biltmore fashion park- how I love thee!!From the covered garage parking, to the beautiful landscaping, to the stores and restaurants I start getting that fabulous feeling that nothing can bother me now!!! Retail therapy!The eateries are unique at the biltmore. With true foods you get the healthy option, zinburger for the truffle fries, and seasons 52 for the piano bar 7 nights a week.  Stingray sushi is at the East end and has fab cocktails and sushi.  Of course Christopher's and crush is near the garage and Macys which this is my favorite happy hour.For clothing I like White House black market, right next to Williams Sonoma across from saks.  They have great work wear, dresses, and jeans.  One stop shop!For gifts I head over to the union which is a grouping of local business with tons of unique items! They have smeeks for vintage style candy, Queen creek olive company for gourmet gifts, and Frances for handmade jewelry or unique fashion.I love that this mall lets you feel like you're in Arizona and proud of it!
3	I'm a bit torn on how to rate the Biltmore.  I agree with a lot of other Yelpers that the parking isn't really that convenient, but I don't mind a bit of a walk.  The stores are not really ones that I would actually purchase things at since they are well beyond the price point I'm comfortable spending on things - i.e. Gucci, Cole Haan, etc.  All that being said - it sure is fun to window shop and walk around here!The place is laid out beautifully.  Most of the time you are walking in the shade, no matter what time of day it is.  There are misters everywhere that help to keep you cool in Arizona's unforgiving summers.  The landscaping is really nice and really well kept up.  There are plenty of places to sit and enjoy the area when the weather is right.  Overall: C+ as a place I want to shop for things, but a very solid "A" for place to walk around and hang out!
4	My how you've grown since I last visited you Biltmore Fashion Plaza. You now have more fancy stores and the parking situation is a nightmare. The girl that validated our parking token actually said the designers of the lot were very smart as they made it very easy for patrons to lose those little round poker style chips, and end up having to pay the max fee for parking. Well, if your shopping at the Biltmore Fashion plaza you can most likely afford to pay for that lost token but why risk it? Valet your car. Tumi, Lululemon, Saks, Apple, are some of the shops here. It's a beautiful setup with a nice open feel and very posh and clean. The lush lawn in front of Julia Bakers chocolate shop and Saks serves as a spot for the  free community movie nights where the proprietors of the plaza bring out a big screen and project movies for all to enjoy. Picnicking people spread out on blankets and chairs over the lawn. What a charming scene!
3	Great place to shop at if you don't mind valet or parking at their parking garage behind the mall.  Enjoys all the little shops, it might be a bit hot during summer time, but with the misters going on, you'll be just fine.  This mall sits on a very busy major intersections at 24th St. & Camelback Rd.  Very classy neighborhood with a lot of stores and shops and if you don't mind paying for valets, definitely shop here.
4	First things first, the parking is terrible. I don't understand why you have to pay for it upfront when EVERYBODY validates. It makes it such a hassle. As for the store selection, it is great. Excellent, higher end choices. Restaurants are really where the Biltmore shines with delicious options at a variety of a price points. If you are looking for healthy, go with True Food. Fast and convenient, Paradise Bakery. A higher end treat, stop by Capital Grille. Tucked off in the corner is Stingray, which every sushi lover needs to try (get a bento box at lunch... So much food!). It does bug me that you are not going to get good deals here. It seems like nothing is ever on sale. i went to lululemon for my wife and literally NOTHING was on sale. But then again, what do you expect when people are willing to pay the moolah?Overall I recommend it.
3	It was a good place to walk around after a meal; however, there were not enough shops to get interested.  My husband, especially, was not impressed at all.
4	We loved this shopping center while visiting the Phoenix and Tucson areas.  We stopped here on our way in and out of the Phoenix airport.  Nice outdoor environment....great restaurants and stores.  We ate at True Food Kitchen and Zinburger.  Both were yummy.  My hubby and I sat and enjoyed some good old fashioned people watching in the courtyard area while killing some time before our flight.  Friends talking.....kids playing....couples walking their dogs.  Very Nice atmosphere.  We did some shopping at Macy's and Williams Sonoma.   I got a great deal on Williams Sonoma kitchen towels which are my favorite kitchen towels.  So this visit was a win-win situation.  We didn't have a problem with parking...we parked in the back and didn't pay a dime.  We will be returning when visiting the Phoenix area. .
5	Good parking. Although I am upset I had to pay $1 for my 30 minute parking. But that's Scottsdale for you. Nothing is always free. Even parking. Ilove all the shops here but they could update the map of the area because they are missing new places that have opened up.
4	Biltmore Fashion Park is really a typical mall. OK, a bit upscale, but you'll find the usual collection of chain stores primarily catering to women and eateries. The major anchors are Macy's and Saks.  It's a nice looking center and, as with most shopping areas, parking can be a problem.But, where Biltmore really shines is the section called Union.  You'll find small, independent, local retailers. You'll find gifts, clothing, florist, coffee, cakes and more. If you like to support local shops please give this section a look. My personal favorites are For the People (unique gifts and home accessories) and Queen Creek Olive Mill (Arizona made olive oil). A nice walk through a well appointed retail park, window shopping, and the opportunity to support local businesses. It doesn't get much better.
4	Nice upscale shopping with great stores. It's outdoors though so summer time may not be the best to visit
5	What a great place and worth the trip. I live in Scottsdale and rarely come down here but will going forward. This place had it all.
4	This is a cute fashion park that has a decent variety of stores and is outdoors. The only thing is that if you really take a closer look, the stores aren't super useful and mostly for show. I find that the Scottsdale Fashion Mall is better for actual shopping where as Biltmore is just fancy looking and probably better for strolling about.Everything inside is lit up at night, but closes early ... so basically you can stroll around, go to Macy's, or eat. I went to visit the lululemon here, and actually it was quite extensive. One of the larger lululemon stores I have been to. Overall, lots of parking, confusing to get out of, and great if you're in a bind for something you forgot.
5	Nice neighborhood. The mall isn't that big, but we were trying to walk off our lunch. Upscale shops that you are not going to find anywhere else. Nice place to chill out and take your time.
4	I find myself coming here more often than the far closer Scottsdale Fashion Park simply because it is a more manageble size. For people that don't want to make shopping a many hour activity, this shopping center is far less daunting.I enjoy the Macy's at Biltmore because their sales racks are usually bursting at the seams and when you combine the sales with the discount coupons you can really fill your shopping bags with bargains. I find myself having better luck getting the assistance I need at the Biltmore Apple store versus other locations and the new Jonathan Adler store is one of my go-to's for giftware. The covered parking is very much appreciated and I personally never seem to have much of a problem finding a spot. The fashion park has a nice ambiance, a nice selection of stores and good options to grab a bite to eat so it is a winner in my book.
4	I love walking around here.  Lots of great stores and restaurants and to boot, it doesn't look like every other mall in Arizona.  I really love Federal.  Lots of really unique little stores all under one roof.
4	From rags to riches when comparing this against Last Chance. Upscale outdoor style mall. Not to large but it has all the upscale stores to keep you browsing. The grounds are inviting and nice area just to walk around and enjoy. Good stop.
4	As others have noted, this lifestyle center (outdoor mall) has a very strong focus on restaurants, with Macy's, Saks, local mostly home accessory shops at the Union, and a handful of mid to high-end local and chain stores which seem to inconsistently close early.Note that the department stores have "shop in shop" leased departments for even more shopping choices (Sunglass Hut/Finish Line/Starbucks inside Macy's, Fendi/Louis Vuitton/Chanel/Gucci inside Saks).It's definitely an easy afternoon experience, and not as time consuming as the mammoth Scottsdale Fashion Square and surrounding Old Town Scottsdale area can be.  Shop at your choice of department store (Macy's for me), grab a bite to eat (Paradise and Zin Burger are my go-tos), shop the smaller stores, and refresh with a cold treat (Frost, Haagen-Dazs) or coffee (Starbucks is inside Macy's first floor Men's department, or there's local Royal).They're finally replacing the temporary rug store in the Borders building with an Arhaus furniture, which is a welcome addition!  Jonathan Adler kicked out the temporary women's clothing store squatting in the old Tommy Bahama building, so the Biltmore is coming along nicely!
