5	One of my fave spots here. Very italian, very lively...and the decor and brick walls are really breathtaking. Awesome for a romantic dinner or large groups/parties. This place is huge, too. Check out their site for pics of their wine selection- omg! Wonderful food that fills you up quickly. We were a very roudy bunch that night- it was so much fun- even the waiter was going along with it!
5	Their pasta is made FRESH.. from scratch. How can you beat this? Their bread is warm and comes with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Their house wine is always good. I always have a good time here.. So many reason for the 5 stars! Everytime I'm back in Montreal I make sure to come here. I have been here at least 30 times and have not once been disappointed. Their arabiatta is excessively spicy but they gave me a "toned down" version of it once I let them know ;)
5	I met up with my boss in Montreal on a cold Sunday night and we were both hungry after already having travelled for a while. We were staying at the Delta Montreal on rue President Kennedy, and wanted some place lively but not requiring us to dress up. Our concierge suggested going on Crescent Street that has plenty of lovely restos and bars. Out of all the restos we saw even still open (it was the first weekend of the year) Wienstein & Gavino's had the brightest lights and looked the most inviting. Although I did find the name bizarre. We got a table no problem, (duh, late Sunday night) and sat upstairs, but for a cold night, there were still plenty of people there, mostly couples on dates and a slightly older crowd (35-40+)The food was delicious! We started with the bruschetta, and there was plenty of warm carbs being placed on our table and a self-serve balsamic vinegar and olive oil to accompany it. My boss enjoyed her pasta dish, as well as I enjoyed my penne with garlic and veggies. The taste was very fresh, since I am not a huge pasta fan, but I really liked my dinner. The service was impeccable too. Afterwards, we enjoyed a glass of wine at the bar and the bartender was flirty, but nice and I could tell wanted to chit chat with us. It was an overall very pleasant environment, service and food!
4	Great for groups, I can't believe how big this place is.  Some of the best pasta I've had -- made fresh from scratch.  Excellent service, too.  I can see why it was recommended by our concierge.  We were there for at least two hours and had a lot of fun.  The low reviewers need to relax.
5	Mmm...one of my favorite dining destinations in Montreal. In the heart of the action - great wine lists and a beef carpaccio to DIE FOR!Yes, I realize it's a little touristy but it's great! Never had a bad time here!
1	Very much a Crescent street tourist hangout. About as authentic as Mario and Luigi.Great for American tourists and Mom and Dad visiting their little princess who goes to McGill ;)
3	Mixed menu with Italian and Mediterranean. Good outside terrace great for people watching in the Summer. Food is fair and prices are reasonable.
5	I have to start this off right - I had the best pizza I have had in North America at Wienstein & Gavino's. It was quattro fromaggi (I believe - four cheese nonetheless) and was one of my most fantastic food experiences ever.Sitting on the terrace, enjoying my beers and conversation with a friend, we happened to get hungry and ordered up this pizza. I have a wheat allergy - however any discomfort resulting in the following week from this pizza were well worth it.Our server was attentive without being annoying and socialized with us a bit, but not inappropriately he still tended to his other tables. It was a great experience and I would definately recommend this place.
4	Went to check this place out based on the reviews of other Yelpers.  It was a little crowded for dinner on a Thur. evening but they seated us right away.  The bus staff was overly helpful (this could just be normal for Montreal) in assisting us with our daughters stroller.  They carried it upstairs and parked it out of the way for us.  Coming from NY you don't often see service like this.Anyway, the meals...  I ordered the pizza and DW had the meat Lasagna.  Both meals were pretty sizable and we both thoroughly enjoyed the food.  The wine \ beer list was pretty extensive as well which was a plus.  Don't be fooled standing outside this place, there is a massive multi-tiered upstairs dining area.  I would definitely check this out while in Montreal.  Hell we're here for a few more days we might hit it up again.
3	We stumbled on W&G after our concierge told us Rue Cresecent was a good place to look for dinner.  The whole area seemed pretty touristy and more of a bar scene than good food, but W&G looked pretty good.  Service was good, the menu had a nice selection.  I had a pasta dish with chicken.  It OK.  nothing special but decent.  The Risotto was excellent though.  Bread before the meal was good too.  Overall, probably a good place to grab some good food before hitting the bars or if you are in the area, but not worth traveling to or going out of your way for a meal.
3	Not bad...no complaints...good place along a busy stretch.  Don't specialize in anything really.  Had some veal and LOTS of drinks.  Nice little patio, and good selections of everything.  Again, these type of places are a dime a dozen on Crescent St.
4	My best friend and I had not intended to go to Weinstein's & Gavinos for dinner, but we happened upon the establishment because the reception desk at our Hotel recommended the place because his friend Zeb was the bartender there. We arrived and was able to get a good spot at the bar and ordered our drinks (me a glass of wine and he a glass of Jack & Diet Coke) and the Jack was very jacked up - which many would consider a good thing if you wanted lots and lots of alcohol. We had pleasant company with a local who was there that night enjoying a drink and chatting up the bartender who also hooked us up with a free shots and we knew if we sat there, we'd get more free shots. There is a pasta factory in the back and you can see into the kitchen if you sat upstairs. The sound system was a bit loud and we ended up having dinner outside in the front. It was raining but they have a canopy set up so that you have the option of sitting outside without getting wet. It was a Friday evening between 10 - midnight that we were there. We ordered the Osso Bucco over buttered spaghetti and the Steamed Mussels in Curry broth as our starter. We felt the portions were big enough to share which we were right. They also bring you out a fresh warm baguette to dip in pesto and Olive Oil. Overall, our experience was surprisingly pleasant and our bill with 1 main, 1 appetizer and two drinks totalled $50. The only drawback is, that if you're not a smoker, understand that sitting outside will subject you to other people smoking.
3	This place is stuck in an identity crisis. It really can't decide whether it wants to be a bar, a lounge, a club, a chain restaurant or an upscale restaurant. So W&G decides it will do all of the above. Because of this, I was a bit hesitant to enter (as you can imagine this place was a big hot mess), however thanks to my "seriously snotty about food" friend we entered at our own risk. And let me just say, I had a pretty damn good time! We made an attempt to sit at the bar and moved several times because of the unbelievably loud sound system blasting dance music. For a second i thought the entire place was going to be lifted up on hydraulics! Once we settled we had a few ordinary drinks which were fine, but free shots were great! Once we had enough of the nightclub/bar/lounge, we decided to stay for al fresco dining. This was a dream to my ears as it was outside and away from the noise. We had the Osso Buco over buttery pasta (excellent, although I thought the pasta was a bit overcooked) and Mussels in curry broth (good, although not hot enough for me). The place has a great mix of people, no pretension and something for everyone since this place tries to please everyone by having multiple personalities.  Good times.
4	Beautiful food and restaurant. they give ya food for days and days!I got the deelish risotto (they have multiple risottos).the service was great too.
4	Went here for a birthday celebration dinner and found it was lovely dining experience - place is on 3 floors (not great as washroom on bottom floor!) but food  and service great. Fairly busy on a Sun. nite and imagine if there was a hockey game it would be even busier!Great selection of Italian dishes. Staff brought a tiramisu (that I had ordered) with a sparkler in it and "sang" - the dessert was GREAT! Would highly recommend!
4	This was one of those places that McGill students had their parents take them for dinner during university while I attended there several years ago.  On a recent visit to Montreal, I brought my husband there to see if it was still as good as I remember.  It was. Pasta was fresh, menu as extensive as ever, bread and oil dipping sauce delicious.  The place is huge and we were seated right away, even on a busy night.  A good place to go for good italian food downtown.
4	Good place to eat when you are in the neighborhood. This place is huge, very good for large parties. Lot of options to order. Good quality of food with nice and welcoming staff.
4	I traveled to Montreal for the first time for business and had dinner here with some coworkers. For a Wednesday evening, the place was hopping, but we were still able to get a table. We were served warm bread and olive oil and pesto once we sat down. I had gnocchi, which you could pair with any sauce you wanted, which for Montreal didn't seem overpriced at around 14$. The portion was enough that I had leftovers for lunch the following day. The waitstaff was on top of everything, so I didn't feel ignored or intruded upon. Nice atmosphere.The only thing I didn't like about this place, is you don't get free refills on soda, which I was told is common for Montreal. It was 3.50$ for an 8 oz glass of soda.
4	Pros - Good portion- Great location- Patio seating allows you to people-watch- Moderately priced- complementary hot bread and pesto- decent barCons- food takes a while- bartenders are not experienced- kinda pushy about drinks (but given the location, that's not surprising)
2	This place was recommended by the hotel staff- we probably wouldn't have chosen it ourselves, just walking by.That being said- I can see why they would have recommended it- nice decor, nice wine list (not a lot of by the glass options though), young hip crowd, close by... probably seemed like our kinda place.When we went we were seated quickly, but that was about the only thing that was quick.  There was a party of 8 attractive women, a table of 2 attractive women, and another of 4 others that were half-good-looking surrounding us, a couple.  Our male waiter seemed more concerned with those around us...The bread came and was delish! (what a french baguette should be- crusty on the outside, but warm & soft on the inside).  We munched on that... I waited forever for my glass of wine... which wouldn't have been a big deal, except I'm normally gluten free, so this huge hunk of delicious bread sitting in front of me, taunting me... not a good thing.  Normally, I'm fine watching people around me eating delicious food that I don't.. but that's when I'm drinking.  So, yeah...My salad came- flavorless & oil-covered.  I would have loved some pepper... was never asked.  Food came, and it was pretty good.  Had one of the specials, risotto, and I definitely enjoyed it.  It was way more food than I could finish.  He had the chicken ripieno- instead of it being filled, the filling was just on top... but he enjoyed it.  Misleading name.Despite neither of us being able to finish our entrees, we did order the tiramisu for desert.  It was good, but not life changing (as described to one of the tables around us).  Overall, food was good, but definitely over-priced.Even though our actual waiter wasn't particularly attentive or nice, the girl who brought most of our food to us was quite friendly.  I hope he tips her well... she definitely makes up for his lack of service.The music here is WAAAAAY too loud for a restaurant... and it's too clubby.  This place was confusing... seemed conflicted.  Are we a nice restaurant or a club?One plus- There was a hilarious drunk woman in a super short dress who loved dancing... so even though we were just sitting there a lot, we were entertained.
4	LOVED W & G's.  We were in town for a mini-vacation on Thanksgiving (2010) weekend.  A friend, who goes to Montreal every year for a guys' hockey trip, suggested it. The decor is awesome - lots of dark wood, a huge bar with bottles of liquor, wine and champagne along the walls of the restaurant. They played great dinner music (softer house & progressive music is how I'd explain it). I would highly recommend this place for just a drink or dinner while in town.
4	Warm candlelight and freshly made pasta called out to me on a freezing Monday night in Montreal.  This place hit the spot.  The wine was delish, the bread was fresh and served with a tasty pesto oil dip, the portobello mushroom pasta was just right and the tunes were funky.  Service was attentive and wireless worked well. Got some stuff done and got myself all fed up. (:
4	I love the decor in this restaurant. The food is well above average. For a full bar, the beer list is a little lacking. This service was prompt yet not particularly friendly. I definitely recommend a visit.
3	if you are looking for a delicious dinner and a hip bar/lounge scene, wienstein and gavino's is the place for you.  the wait staff is helpful, friendly, and attractive.  the menu has plenty of choices (pasta, pizza, and main dishes) for those who want italian.  the crowd is eclectic; we noted a healthy mix of college kids celebrating birthdays, families, and couples.the gnochi was hearty.  our waiter offered to top it with some mozarella and bake it.  the serving size was more than adequate(!).   my wife had chicken filled with goat cheese and red peppers.  again, her plate had lots of food.  make sure you come hungry!
3	There was a lot of hype about this place upon my arrival and I must say that everything was average.It is a huge facility and judging by the rate and speed which the tables turned over, this restaurant was about volume.Very loud ambience although the decor was very nice.Food was fine but not spectacular. I had the Fitello de Manzo which was nice and tender but the sauce was made from a demi-glace powder and was really over bearing.Being and Italian place I expected a great wine list. Again average at best. Featured Italian wines were Bolla, Australian was Yellow Tail- you can see what I mean.I ordered a glass of the premium Chianti, I Mori, and it arrived warm and filled to the top.If you are going with a group of friends, business colleagues, then great. Going for an authentica Montreal/Italian culinary experience then go somewhere else.
3	A good place to go when you are shopping downtown and you do not really want to venture out to try something new and interesting.  It is always really good service and the dishes are always ok.
4	Delicious food, great price.  Pints could be a bit cheaper, but $10 Pizza or Pasta from 11am-3pm is a steal.
4	We selected this place walking by. I had a delicious grilled octopus Polpo alla griglia: Octopus, red wine vinaigrette, roasted red peppers and JT had a pizza special, with a fish soup starter. The fish soup had a great bouillabaisse taste, with chunks of fish. The pizza had sundried tomato pesto, chicken, basil, gouda and mozzarella cheese. It was delicious! A good find on Crescent Street!
1	Strange place... Rocking club like music with a pretty big Italian menu. We ordered the pizzas which were just ok.
4	I enjoyed this restaurant very much.  At the beginning they bring you some complementary homemade bread with some olive oil/pesto to dip it in.  Yummy yummy.  I ordered the gnocchi with a pesto sauce.  It was some of the best gnocchi I've ever had.  There was a TON of it as well.  I couldn't finish it all.  I will definitely go back there again when I'm back in Montreal.
5	The 5 star here just cuz I had the most spectacular!
3	i had octopus with capers and somethin somethin for an appetizer.  it was quite lovely.  very flavourful.the chicken parm for dinner was average.  nothing special other than it was humongous!  3 of us could have eaten it, (especially after my octo)restaurant was nice, casual setting.  i didn't find it overly interesting, but cant complain. (much)Takes Amex
4	A little pricey, it is on Crescent Street afterall. Good ambiance and great people watching from the patio, especially the Sopranos-like paesanos in the restaurant across the street. Had calamari that was literally delivered by a crane, it was huge; and very good. Pastas were crafted well and very satisfying. Princess Bride enjoyed the salads and bread there. C'est bon mes amis.
4	While not the best Italian in the world, it was pretty decent.  The atmosphere and staff were very nice.  I was eating alone at the bar (on business) and enjoyed my meal.  I had the gnocchi with pomodoro sauce and it hit the spot.  The bread was great as well.  I would definitely go back
2	I completely agree with the comment that this resto is suffering from an identity crisis, not knowing whether to be a bar, resto, lounge or club. When I went for the first time in 2008 I was left with a very positive impression and I looked forward to going back. Strangely however, I returned about four times after that and EACH TIME, the menu had less choice, the meals were downgraded, smaller, and more expensive! We gave it one more chance in 2010 and after that it was blacklisted unfortunately. It was better many years ago.I simply would not recommend this resto, although I'd say the service is no issue.
2	I'm not a huge fan of big restaurants because they tend to produce lower quality food since there are so much staff involved. That' s just my opinion. Wienstein and Gavino's is REALLY huge....two floors with a HUGE kitchen! I came here for a friend's birthday yesterday and I was not impressed. My pasta was overwhelmed with sauce...i ordered a prosciutto, mushroom linguini. And there was too much sauce! It was heavy, it made me sleepy and too full too fast. Pasta is not meant to be drenched in sauce, you are supposed to taste the sauce AND the pasta. I hardly tasted the pasta but more the sauce. My boyfriend's pizza was very generic. Just plain with cheese and tomatoes...nothing special. Don't get me wrong, service was very attentive and decent, but food just didn't impress me. I didn't like the atmosphere as well...it was too noisy and I had to yell so many times to talk to someone who was even next to me. It was more of a bar atmosphere. I dont mind that but I don't like to eat dinner in that kind of atmosphere. Don't think I would go again.
5	Oops I just realized I never finished my review. LOL well I had the most spectacular filet mignon. I went there during Halloween time with the whole family. This placeis great for groups. It gets super busy after midnight of course so best tip is that if youre going for more like a dinner night out reserve and come early when there is still less of a crowd to hear the other person on the table.
2	Why anyone would eat here in a city with a great Little Italy is beyond me. We went on the strong recommendation of our concierge and it was a mistake. It is on a street that is nearly a constant frat party, there is a ton of smoking on the terrace, even early in the evening, and the food was below average at best. I know everyone says that this place is an institution, but the food was institutional, so I recommend that you find some nice little place in Little Italy to enjoy real Italian food.
4	This place was great! A group of us were in Montreal a couple of weeks ago for Osheaga and we went to Wienstein and Gavino's on our first night in the city. I love the decor, there's outdoor seating, 2 floors with tons of space, very accommodating staff (especially for a group of 12 who made a reservation 30 min before we arrived) and the food and drinks were great! A little bit over-priced for smaller portions, but we expected that. Our server was awesome! We'll definitely return the next time we're in the city.
3	Its an OK , but doesn't measure up to New York Italian restaurants , risotto was undercooked and the chicken parm was dry
5	I love to travel and find new restaurants. I am so happy to have found this gem in the great city of Montreal--a city with more good restaurants per square foot than most cities in the US--mind you,I love explore and try new places very much--But I look forward to my next visit to W&G's.  It was a Friday evening and the music in the bar was extremely loud--The hostess seated us downstairs not far from the bar. We immediately said it was just too loud to eat, let alone talk at all. We got up to leave and told the water server why we were going. He said to wait, took us up front to the hostess and told her to give us Table 10--apparently a quieter spot. We were ushered upstairs and around a corner--The place is huge--and to a dining area from which the noise and music of the bar was distant and faint. Thank goodness--They almost lost us, and we wouldn't have had that wonderful meal!As soon as we sat down, the waiter brought warm Italian bread with pesto snd olive oil for dipping. So so so good!  We are vegetarians, and my husband and I shared a bruschetta, which was very good, presented in an unorthodox fashion--all piled up high on the toasted bread. It was delicious. For entrees, he had cheese tortellini in a wine and cream sauce, which he loved, and I had a pasta dish with pesto, pine nuts and goat cheese. The plates have very wide rims and a deep bowl which isn't all that wide -- at first glance you think it's one of those tiny portions that some restaurants serve. But in reality, there was more food than we could eat, even as hungry as we were! The service was terrific and the prices extremely reasonable.So, we will definitely return to W&G'S!
2	Came here years ago, didn't recognise the interior this time. How things change. We came in at 2:00 PM on Sunday, got seated, the waitress took our beverage orders, served and then we waited for our food orders. My poached eggs in "inferno" sauce were good, came with 2 pieces of crusty toasted Italian bread, rosemaried pan fried potatoes, and a spiced baked apple and baked orange slices. The sauce was basically your standard tomato sauce, spiced, with a few veggies, the eggs were well poached, overall the dish was good. Olive oil is on the table for your convenience/preference, srevice was a bit on the slow side, even though the clientele was tapering off. I had to ask for a coffee refill, wait staff could be a tad more attentive. Came back the following week and this time the wait was even longer, despite the fact that again, the place was not that busy. The waiter was unaware that merguez sausage is NOT made with pork! Perhaps an cultural/culinary education for the wait staff is in order? Overall a very average resto.
2	I made a reservation for New Years Eve specifically because the restaurant said you could order of the regular menu as well as the special new years menu. Having a food allergy this works for me because there are certain things I can't eat. When we sat I asked for the regular menu and they said "Sorry its only the special menu this evening".It was really all down hill from there. My girlfriend and I dined alone, and picked a later time to go to dinner. We were sat in between two large groups, both having small children. We were lost in between and sometimes would go twenty minutes before even seeing our server. It got to the point where I had to flag them down and ask for the check. I know places are busy on NYE but still not ok.On a positive note the food was good, but I was disappointing with the bait and switch menu, and the lack of service.
5	Came here in March while on a weekend getaway from Toronto.  Made last minute reservations, so it wasn't planned at all.  I really didn't know what to expect, but I knew it was a huge restaurant.  Personally, I'm not a fan of big restaurants, but I'm a huge fan of W&G now.Ordered the calamari to start.  Some of the best calamari I've had.  The portion is big, so I'd really recommend it for 3-4 people minimum.  For my main, I ordered the shrimp risotto...and wow! This was 4 months ago and I still think about that Risotto.  Perfectly cooked risotto swimming with jumbo shrimp.  Perfect meal!  Loved it!Since the restaurant was so big, and busy...I was expecting it to be hard to get good service, but our server came by once in a while to check in on us.  Not too often, but just often enough to refill our glasses from the wine sitting on ice.The only problem, like I've said, is the size of this place.  It can be hard to navigate to find a washroom, and there are so many tables, can get crowded.  These servers are magicians being able to serve so many people....and do it so well.    Great service, great food.  I'm 100% coming back.
4	The staff were very nice and the food was great.  The pasta portion sizes are way too large for most humans!
1	The server, who looked Spanish, was horrible. So horrible, I realize I don't even know his name. He ignored me when I called to him and only raised his hand to acknowledge my call the second time around, without turning his head. When we were paying, he left the credit card machine with us, so we had to tear our own receipt, while he chatted with a larger group.There was not one smile. No introduction. No request for drinks. The food  left us desiring as well. Monotone tub of gnocchi. Pasta with meat sauce, fries and the calamari were good. Bruschetta was freshly made but just didn't have anything to it. Bread was cold but we were so hungry, bread dipped in evoo and pesto was good. The server experience really ruined our first night in montreal for that trip. I have been here many years ago and was hoping for the same fun night out but I guess things change.
1	Waited two hours for my pizza and while I got my pizza I just asked for my bill so I don't have to wait another hour for it .... Not happy
5	Attending a work halloween party here! Had loads of fun! Music was great! It was hard staying seated! You just wanted to get up and start dancing! Service was really good! The wait staff and hostess were incredibly nice! Didn't have to wait long for the food! I ordered Chicken (can't remember which one though)! It was delicious and really fresh! It came with spaghetti on the side! It was really fulfilling!I can't wait to return!
3	After a few recommendations we decided to try this place out on our trip to Montreal. When we first entered we were a little confused on where to sit.The bottom floor has a lounge vibe, the middle floor seems to be the loudest with the kitchen in view, and the top floor has a great amount of seating with a nice view of crescent street. We opted for the top floor.First and for most this is not a spot for an intimate date. It is quite loud and difficult to have a conversation even with the people at your table. We all enjoyed the complimentary bread with oil & pesto. It certainly came in handy because we did have to wait quite a bit for our food, which is most likely due to how large the restaurant is. I order the caprina pizza (I believe) and was impressed! I also liked their mojitos as I ended up having three! As for service it was mediocre. Not horrible but not great.I would recommend if you're going in a larger group looking for a good time and don't mind waiting longer then average for your food.
2	Like Yelps awesome description for each star ranking,this place is really just ''meh''.Great place to JUST have drinks on the terrace during the warm summer days/nights.Food: I mean, it's Italian food. There's really nothing 'that' great about it, and without tooting my own horn, I feel there's a lot of things on the menu that my friends and I could make. But yes, it is good.Staff : Nothing special, but nothing bad neither. Decor/ambiance : probably one of the good things of this place. It has a nice urban/old style to it. LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION. This place is perfectly located on one of the most touristy streets in the city. I'd take friends there only if we haven't made plans/reservations. It's acceptable.
4	Great atmosphere. Great food.  Not from around here, so I can't speak for the locals, but it was enjoyed by these 10 guys from out of town. Ask to get a seat on the 3 rd floor to look over crescent st.
5	We took a weekend trip to Montreal for my brother's bachelor party. The concierge at out hotel recommended Weinstein and Gavino's to us. We were a large group of 22, but they had no problem accommodating our group.Everything was GREAT. We sat on the top floor and got a nice view. Our waiter, Tomi (sp? he was Croatian) was excellent. The guy busted his butt for 22 people without a busboy helping him and did a wonderful job.  All of our appetizers and entrees were amazing.  Most of our group got the osso buco (veal) and the risotto del pescatore for entrees.  I ordered the fried calamari (very tasty) and the risotto del pescatore.We all had a round of Jameson shots for a toast, and at the end of the night, Tomi gave us all another round on the house, which was very classy of him.After we finished dinner, we went downstairs for some drinks. The bartenders were extremely friendly, and gave us recommendations to go at night (which we used).I highly recommend Weinstein and Gavino's to anyone, Montreal natives and tourists alike.
4	The restaurant was a bit too dark to fully enjoy our company but I didn't find the music overbearingly loud like some yelpers.  I think the atmosphere is very sports-bar/beer garden esque but with a family-friendly menu and romantic lighting? Haha, it wanted to be everything! The portions were quite large so our group of 8 split 5-6 items and the staff were very accommodating.  The drinks were great and we left with some recommendations on where to head for nighttime dancing.  The restaurant is conveniently located along the strip of clubs/bars so it was very easy for us to get around.
2	Honestly, I've never written one of these... but after last night I felt that I needed to tell the world how awful this place is.I went with my boyfriend and thought "hey, cool design, specialized menu, should be good!" I was wrong. Probably because I'm Italian and grew up eating really good Italian food, but this is crap. I had the speck pizza. It was dry, overly salty and sort of all-around gross. He had the Alfredo with spaghetti. Where do I even start? The pasta was hard- no. not al dente. Way undercooked. The sauce was lumpy with bits of cooked eggs in it and tasted like jarred sauce with eggs and butter added... Not good.The ambience was cool and the wait staff while very friendly, had no idea what anything on the menu was. We had two simple questions (What kind of cheese is on the pizza and what was the soup of the day) both of which he blatantly said he didn't know and would get back to us.. never did.If you're going for drinks, hell yes! The drinks were fun and the ambience is great, so it really is ideal for 5 a 7 with friends, but this place SUCKS as a resto. Will not be returning, at least not for dinner.
3	Okay okay okay! First of all best pasta ever! I had tortellini rose gratinee yes I know very boring but how can a chef go wrong with that dish, Right? Well anyways it was amazing!! Even the drinks were delicious!  The only problem I had .. it was extremely loud.. I could barley hear my freind.. by the end of the night I was annoyed it felt like I went clubbing. It was terrible. But the food is worth it. Hopefuy when it gets warmer outside we can sit on the terrace..
5	Very nice food! Gluten free pasta was great. The Ribeye was amazing! Good place and good atmosphere!
4	Good food, great service and "local flavor" - recommended...
4	Ate there twice this week, food excellent both times. They need to expand the desert menu tho.
4	Ate outside and it was quiet enough. The thing with the food is that it isn't blow your mind awesome... But it's good none the less and you get your bang for your buck. We ordered the meatball appetizer expecting mini portions but they came out huge. I had a risotto that had quite the deep dish and my companions had the mix_n_match pasta and sauce dishes. Everything was quite good. Server forgot my soup but I was really full and nearly forgot myself. It was only okay but the bread was excellent too. Will return.
5	I came here during the Montreal Grand Prix weekend. The service was excellent, the food was fantastic, the pasta phenomenal. It was a last minute dining choice, but a good one. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a hearty good meal. The bread starter with the pesto was great. We had the Osso Bucco - cooked to perfection, Al Funghi Pasta - great flavor, and the  Gigi - a party in your mouth. Great food! Go try it!
5	Had the linguini with arrabiata sauce and seafood. Some of the best Italian food I've ever had outside of NYC, and better than many places I've eaten at in NYC. Sat at the bar for my first night in Montreal while here on business and it was a perfect end to a day of travel. Excellent service, very quick, lots of menu choices, and pleasant atmosphere.
4	We chose this place because the patio atmosphere was good and they had space on a busy Sunday afternoon. We went for a pitcher of sangria, wanting to sit there awhile.They served some decent bread with a pesto dipping oil, which was quite good. I tried the prosciutto e arugula pizza, and it was really decent. This is a great spot to people-watch from, there are lots of bars and cafes around and lots of pedestrian traffic as well as drivers to entertain you. I'm sure it can get pretty busy. I think this was pretty good value given the location and the service was not bad either.
4	Food was great, nice atmosphere, service was friendly and excellent. Nice outside decks. Kid friendly.
5	Such good food!!! Not cheap. I had the duck confit mushroom risotto and it was THE BEST. Also the bread dip they give every table is Sooo yummy.
4	Its a very nice restaurant with a lovely atmosphere, it can get noisy a bit but its not that bad. Food is great, the bread and pesto is excellent ( free too) the bruschetta is very tasty, had the pasta and a non-alcoholic drink, its a restaurant I will be going to very often :)
5	I went to this resto with my friend looking for a quick lunch. This place is really nice inside and they have so many wine bottles they need ladders to get to the top shelves! Definitely do not want to be in this resto during an earthquake! I ordered grilled octopus because it's not something I eat everyday. Before the meal comes, the waiter brings us a baguette with a plate of pesto! Yummmm every resto should do this!! Our waiter was really nice and even brought us a second baguette after we chowed through our first one.... I'm a sucker for bread, it might be a problem ;) The octopus was really yummy and served over fennel, onions, capers and white beans... The only hitch was that it was quite oily and it was a hell of a job to fit everything on your fork without anything falling off on the way to your mouth! Overall, good service, good meal, good environment, not too pricey and the service was quick! :)
4	Heard great things about this restaurant so decided to try it out... Reviews were definitely right on point! Great place. It's a pretty huge too (2 floors) but I'd still recommend making a reservation. I went on a Saturday evening around 6 and people were already being waitlisted for a table. It is pretty noisy but the atmosphere is very cozy and rustic. I ordered pizza with sangria- both were delicious. Portion sizes are quite decent too. Overall great experience, -1 star because the dessert wasn't up to par with the main course. (I had a maple walnut Apple crumble- average dish)
2	My wife and I are visiting from the U.S. and decided to give this place a try last night for dinner since it seemed to be crowded, unlike many of the neighboring restaurants.  The food was good, but the service was awful.  That extra 40 minutes waiting for someone to come to our table and bring the check and wrap the food was not enjoyable.  The server could not handle a full section properly and nobody tried to assist her with waiting tables.  I had to get a manager to finally make it happen.  Too bad, but poor service is never a fair compromise for good food.
5	This place was recommended by a bouncer outside a bar down the block and couldn't have been more pleased. The service, ambiance and location were all perfect for what we were looking for. We didn't realize how much the Italian cuisine dominates in Montreal. So pleased with our dishes! I had the manicotti special which was amazing. The bread and butter at the table was also so warm and a perfect accompaniment to the pasta dishes. The menu was huge and offered a lot of options.
4	Came here in late september with my wife and two toddlers.  We'd been cruising up and down Crescent street trying to find a good place for lunch and found the unassuming entrance to W&G.  We entered and were surprised by how large it really is -- two big floors, a massive bar on the ground floor, plenty of seating on both. It was pretty empty on the second floor, which we were required to use because we had kids with us (not a problem at all but Montreal bar and restaurant kid regulations seem to be wildly disparate and confusing).  Totally dug the atmosphere in this place -- wood beams, tasteful decor, big windows.Now if you've been cruising up and down Crescent Street for an hour with hungry gremlins in tow, you don't want to have to wait long for service.  We didn't.  Drink orders were secured promptly, then bread arrived with olive oil -- meltdown averted! The kids and I ordered pizza, the wife ordered something with salmon or a soup or a salad or something made up of all three (as she is prone to do). Food didn't take long at all.  OK, so we ordered pizza -- super adventurous right?  There was a very comprehensive menu, but hungry as we were, we went simple.  All pizza is not created equal, and this was superb -- homemade crust, crispy and chewy, a tangy marinara sauce, flavorful and fresh toppings, and just the right blend of cheeses.  Loved it.After, in order to delay our trek back out onto Crescent street, we lingered over dirty martinis (wife and I), and chocolate desserts (gremlins).  Loved it.  Oh, I forgot to mention an excellent wine list!  So there's that as well.  We enjoyed this place and will be sure to return on our next Montreal adventure.
