5	Matta's is BACK!I'm pleased to announce that it's all very familiar. This tradition goes back to 1953. For me, it's been 20 years as a loyal patron. When the original building closed, I found out on my birthday (a personal tradition to eat here on my birthday) - I actually cried. They were supposed to open the new location a year later, but it has been 3. Well, it was worth the wait. The new building is gorgeous and huge. The food still tastes awesome. The margaritas are the same. The Salsa is the same. Even some of the staff is the same.It was a long wait, but it was well worth it. The new Matta's is located in the Mesa Riverview Mall that popped up out of nowhere and was overshadowed by Tempe Marketplace just a few blocks away. They apparently had a soft opening last night and a large opening tonight. In spite of being a huge place, it was packed. Total chaos. We didn't quite get every item we ordered and a few items were different from what we ordered, but who would expect an opening night with a packed house to go perfectly smooth. And anyway, any mistakes were smoothed over and made up for. Matta's is back and I'm going to be spending a lot of time here. I still think this is the best Mexican food restaurant in the Valley. I love you, Matta's. I will update this review after a few more visits. So far, so good.
3	Ideally I would have liked to give Matta's 2.5 stars, but since I can only rate in whole numbers, I rounded up, in part because they had only been open 3 days and I was trying to give them the benefit of the doubt. Now, I didn't grow up going to Matta's, but I did go to the old location once back in my college days at ASU, but I really have no memory of that experience. I know there are many devout Matta's fans out there, but I wasn't one of them and I my experience has not turned me into one. The space is nice, but I feel that they are trying to give the place a more upscale feel, rather than a traditional family run Mexican restaurant. We arrived at about 5:30 on Saturday and were seated right away in the lounge, in fact we were the only table. We looked over the menu, and not being familiar with the Matta's menu, it took us awhile. Our waitress came by and we had a few questions as there weren't descriptions of some of the items, but she didn't know the answers and had to go ask. I know this is only day 3, but didn't they have employee training? We finally settled on our order and then she brought us out some chips and salsa. The chips were warm and crispy and there were two different salsas, a smooth one and a chunky one. Let's just say, neither my sister nor I enjoyed either of them, they tasted exactly live V-8 juice mixed with canned tomatoes! YUCK! I tried to taste them a few more times to like them, but the canned tomato taste was just overwhelming....salsa should be fresh, not from a can! Our food took over 20 minutes to come out from the kitchen for a simple chimichanga and a shrimp enchilada. My sister and I always order just beans, no rice because we both love beans, and well, we didn't love these beans at all. They had absolutely no bean flavor, they were so blah that I had to sprinkle them with salt just to get them down! The shrimp enchilada was nothing special, and I am not sure it was worth the $1.99 up-charge. The shredded beef chimichanga was pretty good, but we both felt that it was on the small size considering its $12.50 price tag. Both of us went into the meal with high expectations, excited to have a new Mexican restaurant right by my sister's house, but by the end of the meal, we both decided that we would probably never return. Such a shame; Matta's may have lots of local history, but there is far better Mexican food to be had around town.
4	We went to Matta's for the first time (July 30, 2010) since recently reopening in the Mesa Riverview complex.  Word that they're back in business has spread quickly; when we arrived the waiting area was full and after we were seated 10 minutes later the line was out the door.  I returned the following evening with a friend and we were promptly seated.The new location features a more modern and upscale look with a second floor for balcony type seating, but appears to offer less than half the capacity of the old space.  The layout seems somewhat awkward and cramped, especially the waiting area, which is basically a hallway situated between the foyer and bar.  However, the furnishings are very nice and appear to be hand carved, although they are quite bulky.The first evening, I was expecting issues with food and service since they had only been open a few days.  It did take a while to be greeted by our server, but that's to be expected on a busy night anyway.  I ordered the Chile Relleno and a Dos Equis lager, and my better half ordered a combo plate with tacos.  She also loves guacamole so we of course ordered that too.  The guacamole was brought out within a few minutes, and the food shortly followed.  The Chile Relleno was awesome and plenty to eat.  The GF said her meal was also good, but indicated the beans had an unusual flavor.  I identified this flavor as "smoky;" I don't much care for beans anyway.  So, all in all, an excellent first visit despite my concerns about the recent reopening affecting quality of food and service.The second evening, I had only expectations of a bomb dish.  I ordered the Chile Verde, and my buddy ordered a combo plate which I find boring because you can get tacos or what-have-you basically anywhere and they require no artistry in the kitchen.  The Chile Verde was solid, and although I would have liked more flour tortillas, I found it a very satisfying meal.  The server was consistently overly attentive, but she had only 2 tables and wanted to maximize her tips so I understood this and obliged.  For the second time, I enjoyed my experience at Matta's.I highly recommend Matta's to anyone looking for great Mexican food and solid service; I find them far superior to any of their well known competitors.  The only reason I didn't award a 5 was because I've only dined at the new location twice.
4	Just had lunch here.  It was a pleasant surprise.The food was good.  I had a green chili pork burrito, which was deceptively filling.  The pork tasted excellent, and the added guacamole and sour cream on top made it even better.  The lemonade was also great.Service was excellent.  They always brought more chips just as we were running out, and the beverages were well stocked.The best part of the whole meal was the cream filled churros.  With all the sugar on it, the cream is totally unnecessary, but who's complaining?  Strawberry and whipped cream to dip it in just pushed it over the top.
1	Our waitress took forever to get the drinks, the chips, and our order. My wife got a margarita, for a mixed drink that comes from a tap, I guess it was okay. When I got my enchilada/taco dinner I was rewarded with a blandness of flavor you just don't get very often. The most interesting part of the meal was my friend who ordered the potato taco, it resembled a flattened dead rodent more than a taco. I'm amazed that she even took a bite of it. I did laugh heartily at her frowned expression after trying it, so it was good for comedic value.I did go to the old Matta's a few years back and it was decent, but seriously, don't waste your time going here.
3	The girlfriend and I came in and it has awesome decor. The staff was very friendly. The chips were fresh but the salsa and bean dip was pretty bland.The food came out real quick and was steaming hot. My girlfriend had a burrito and I had the fajitas. We both felt the food was pretty bland. The food is definefly not the best to go if you want mexican but the ambiance made up for.it. the price was a bit steep but all in all it was a pleasant expierence.
3	An expensive 'meh' accompanied by a loud sigh pretty much sums up my visit to the new Matta's.The bill ended up super expensive and I'm not really sure why. I ordered two burritos and a quesadilla and it was over $40!! Stick to the other location if you must have Matta's, but honestly there are so many better Mexican restaurants in the valley.The carne asada was bland, hardly seasoned, room temp and not marinated enough for my liking. I could have sworn the red enchilada sauce was better at the other location too. Maybe it's all just meh.
4	We didn't plan to go to Matta's for dinner this past Saturday evening, but when the lines were too long at some other nearby places, we decided to check out this new location, and are glad we did!  First, the atmosphere was terrific... understated Spanish-Colonial style... the wooden seats and tables are stately and very nice quality... we sat in a cozy booth that had arches and simple blue glass lighting... we could see there was upstairs seating which was more intimate... live mariachi music was playing in the background at a nice level not interfering with our conversation.As for the food, it was typical Mexican items, and presented with fresh garnish (unlike the chains)... we had an appetizer, but skipped dessert.This is a very nice place to take the family for dinner out, and also good for weekday lunches or dates... it scores on all levels... will have to check out the margaritas and desserts next time.The only criticism I have was the not-so-warm greeting when we arrived and left... maybe the staff at this new location can work on improving that... same for the servers who seemed a bit quick to take our order and leave the table.
3	A perfectly good place for a chill Friday night dinner. I absolutely loved the atmosphere. Matta's has an upper level where every table is set up like a balcony over looking the main level, it feels like your in a courtyard. The only thing it's missing is an open look at the sky. There was also a mariachi band playing during the night which added to the appeal. And to make things really cool (at least to me), they did a Mexican version of the Godfather theme song. Loved it! The chips and salsa came out right away. The hot had a kick to it, but wasn't very flavorful. The mild was excellent, but I prefer my Salsa hot. I tried combining the two, which was only okay. The menu isn't really anything special. It's a lot smaller than most Mexican restaurants, and is loaded with the standards. My girlfriend had a chicken burrito which she enjoyed. I had the chicken fajitas, which were good as well. The food was good, but not great enough to make me run back out. The service was excellent. Our waitress was on top of everything despite the fact that we were on the upper level. We watched and felt a little bad as she had to run up and down the stairs (she usually took the stairs that weren't as visible, but you know what's going on) to get everything for us. I could imagine that if a server were having a bad enough day, they would just make people up there and wait. We just randomly chose Matta's because we happened to be at Mesa Riverview. I enjoyed my experience there. While it's not a place that I'm dieing to try again, if someone suggests Mexican, and we're nearby, I'd recommend it.
2	The chips and salsa were pretty good. The prices were pretty high and there was not much of a selection. The beans and rice were so bad! I usually will suck down the beans and rice everywhere else even if they are mediocre but these were just plain nasty! Don't know what kind of recipe they are using but this was a deal breaker for me. I would not eat here again. They did have a surprisingly delicious veggie burrito. My boyfriend said it was a zillion times better than his beef taco and burrito. Still, you would expect it to be good for ten bux!
4	I have been eating at Matta's since the early 1980s when I would often go to the location on Main ST in Mesa, AZ. I recently went to the location near the Cinemark Theaters on Dobson RD (south of SR202 & north of University DR) after seeing two movies. It was my first visit to the new restaurant location. I have to be very frugal when eating out due to my limited working hours.I ate my all-time favorite food while at Matta's. It's something very simple, yet it is food of the gods to me. I had a bean burro, enchilada style (red sauce). I didn't order a drink in order to save money. My bill was just over $8.00 for the BB/ES plus a small serving of lettuce. The taste of the burrito was exactly as I had remembered it from my visits to the Main ST location years ago. The service was quick and the chips and hot sauce/salsa were great.To sum up my review, I will mention one thought that kept bouncing around in my head after I ate there."This is the best thing I have eaten all year!"
1	Latest joint on Brak's "AVOID" list.  I should have known - seeing the word "bland" about 3 times when skimming reviews should have been a huge red flag.  We had a fairly long wait on a Saturday evening before finally getting seated.  The service was slow and inattentive.  The food was overpriced.  I had fajitas, and it was WAY low on meat (chicken) compared to the other ingredients, despite the high price, and was bland as hell.  Your basic chain restaurant serves far better fajitas than this crud, for less.  Add in the wait time and glacial service, and this place was a huge disappointment.  You've been forewarned.
4	Matta's has a unique charm that keeps me coming back. I love that it's rich with history and has overcome so many obstacles to be serving food in Mesa again. The service depends on who you get at your table, I've had amazing service and some pretty bad- but I always take it in stride. Nothing bad enough to keep me from coming back. As long as they keep the fresh chips and salsa coming, I'm happy.Their dishes are simple Americanized Mexican food done right, complimented by inexpensive yet tasty margaritas. The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming and they employees seem genuinely happy to be there. You can sometimes even catch a live Mariachi band performing upstairs!It's a solid choice for dinner at Mesa Riverview, and worth the drive from another part of town.
4	This is a very clean and well appointed Mexican restaurant in Mesa, Az.  We enjoyed chips, salsa, margaritas, appetizers and our entrees.I felt the service, atmosphere, drinks and appetizers outperformed the entrees.  However it was a great dinner and good experience.   The prices were reasonable.  I'd suggest the restaurant use larger shrimp in their fajitas.  I personally do not like the smaller ones.
4	I went here tonight with the BF and it was a fairly good experience. We had a coupon from the ASU coupon book for a free cheese crisp with any purchase... well the cheese crisp was good. I know, I know, it's hard to mess up a cheese crisp.... but we had a bad one a week or two ago... so this was a nice change. It was crispy, like it should be, and a fairly standard cheese crisp. We also got a chicken fajita burrito... this was good, there were red, orange, and yellow bell peppers in there and they tasted fairly fresh. It came with rice, and it was flavorful. This place is definitely americanized mexican food.... but it was good and I would come back.
2	Avg Mexican food at an above avg price.  Too many good spots in the Valley to waste your money here.
5	I have been going to this restaurant for years, when they moved from Main Street I was sad and loved the atmosphere. They showed up at this place and I was glad to see the food hadn't changed and the brought an updated atmosphere with them. There still have some of the same waitress as the old location. My last visit was after a surgery and I had specific diet restrictions, the waitress and cook were very accommodating and made it a wonderful visit. It is a must when family visits or just want good reliable Mexican food!
4	1. Local multi-generational restaurant. Everything made from scratch. I've never been disappointed with the food. Service starts with complementary fresh chips and salsa, hot or mild. 2. Attentive, knowledgeable bartenders who are not pushy. 3. This is a Mexican restaurant. If you insist on vodka or whiskey based drinks, you'll get them, but every bottle you see displayed behind the bar is tequila. Plus a decent set of domestic and Mexican beers on tap.4. Try the soups as the weather turns cool: albondiga soup and a very zippy vegetable soup with big chunks of potato and chili slices.
4	We were in the area looking for a place to eat, food was very good and we tried a lot of different things, Nachos, sandy's special, flautas, stuffed steak quesadilla.  All of it excellent. Service was hit or miss but I would certainly go back.
4	I have been to this location 5-6 times and have enjoyed it each time. I am a big fan of the chimichanga with spicy sour cream. Their food is more traditional than some, so beware if you don't like spice. Matta's is in Mesa Riverview and their building is pretty cool.
3	This place is located in the Riverview shopping center in Mesa.  Before we went there we had no idea this place existed!! Neither did anyone else cause this place looked like a ghost town with all the rentable spaces.  We didnt even know where to enter the restaurant.  When we got inside it was very simple for a mexican restaurant, your basic mexican decor.  We sat outside on the patio, which was nothing special.  They start everybody out with chips and salsa, some of the best i have had!!! I couldn't stop eating them!!! Nom, nom! I ordered the 2 item combo plate with a cheese enchilada and a chorizo taco. I was impressed with the taste of the beans and the rice.  The big thing for me when i go to a mexican restaurant is they never get the rice right, but here they did.  The chorizo taco is poorly presented with half sliced unmelted kraft single cheese sitting in the taco.  It looked unappetizing.  Shredded is the way to go!! I only ate one of the two they gave me.  I wont be back again.  The only time i will ever get close to this place is if I go to Toby Keith Bar.  They pretty much get the three stars cause of the chips and salsa, rice, and beans.  Other then that, its no bueno.
4	Great food. Some of the best salsa I've ever had!
5	Matta's has been a family favorite since My father was a young boy. We were sad when the original location closed in mesa on main street. Then they opened up a few years later at Mesa Riverview I have to say we are happy again this has been the most favorite place that my family loves to gather at. The food is excellent the staff are very friendly and some of them are the originals from the old place. I will certainly miss going with my father when ever we say Mattas he was ready to leave the house in less then 5 minutes. My father passed away in April but we will go on and always go to mattas in honor of him. BEST CHIPS AND SALSA EVER we can't eat there without eating at least 5 bowls of chips
5	Excellent Tex-Mex restaurant. The decor at this restaurant is really pretty and the service is excellent. And the food is really yummy. I've ordered lots of different dishes off the menu and never had a bad meal. It's all good.
1	Matta's has a very pleasing atmosphere, nice furniture and friendly staff.I goto restaurants to eat though. The food was so boring and bland. It made me sick that they overcharged for Taco Bell shells, picante canned salsa, and slop style presentation. I recommend Serrano's. Never eat at Matta's. horrible food, horrible.
4	I was too hard on Matta's in my first review.  Been back several times since and have to say so I really like this joint now.  Their chips and salsa are good, the service is friendly and fast, and their house margaritas feature good tequila!Try the bean dip, the fajitas and finish it off with some fresh fried ice cream.  Your belly will thank me later.
5	Some friends told us to try it out.  Has mixed reviews on yelp.  I thought Matta's was great.  They give you two salsa's and the spicier one is the best i have has in AZ.  The food is good.  Very nice restaurant.  We will be back.
4	I've been here several times and only eaten at the bar but this weekend, I sat in the dining room for a nice meal with my boyfriend. We walked in around 8:30PM on a Saturday night and didn't wait, although the dining room was pretty full. The booth was very spacious, could have easily fit 4-6 people. Chips and salsa were quick to arrive and the salsa is really amazing! Our waitress took our drink orders and was surprised when she said I couldn't have sugar around the rim of my margarita glass. Hmm...never encountered that one before. Margaritas were delicious though and only $4! We each had 2, they were kinda small. For dinner, I ordered chicken fajitas and my boyfriend ordered a burro with rice and beans. Our food came pretty quick and was really delicious! The fajitas came with different types of bell peppers, onions and tomatoes. Really good! The sour cream is also a little different, but good! Service was prompt, nothing over the top though. I would definitely recommend Matta's for good Mexican food!
4	Been here a few times and have had good food each time. They close fairly early for a place that's right next to a movie theater, but it's worth it. The chips and salsa are free and they are delicous. The chips are lightly fried and not too salty and the salsa is the perfect amount of hot and not too chunky. They always have food specials along with their $4 margarita and I have not been disapointed. They offer vegetarian options for the food specials, which I appreciate. The service is friendly and fast and even though one night we ended up staying 30 min past closing time, I never feel like they are trying to push me out the door.This is a nice, cheap, yummy Mexican restaurant without any flashy side. It's good food for a good price.Good choice for hanging with friends, a meal before the movie or a casual night out with the SO. Not such a good choice for a first date where you're looking for romance and roses.
3	This place is totally average, and I mean that in a good way. There is absolutley nothing special about the food here. Infact, its toned down "white person mexican food"Good place to eat if you are not into having an adventure or if you are taking people out that you do not want to offend. Its a nice place, high ceilings, clean, nice atmosphere. Not a "Cantina" by any means. Very tame place
5	I have no connection to the restaurant and my review is based on honest opinion.....The food IS special and way above average for a Mexican restaurant..... but cannot BELIEVE anyone would think this restaurant is only average or nothing special. Give this family owned restaurant a try....they have survived decades  in the restaurant business and definitely not a franchise typical chain,  Check out their history and better yet try a meal at their great restaurant on Dobson, you'll be back.
5	Our family has been going to Matta's since the early 90's and I can say they have changed a little since they closed the original location.  It's too bad that place had memory's and stories.  My sister loves this place and has carried three children into Matta's and the waitress from the original location got to see two of them grow.  So it's not only great food and fun but the staff and name are honest and true.  My favorites include Roberts tacos, chili relleno, and the hot sauce!
3	I fondly remember the original Matta's down on Main St.... Anyway, it was very slow around 1pm and no one seated me after 5 minutes of standing/waiting in the main dining area (several other frustrated patrons just left). I had a better experience once I moved to the "cantina side". The chips and salsa where well made but needed more kick. I did enjoy my taco and tostada combo with rice and beans.
2	This is the type of place you take your no-so adventurous gringo friends from out of town. Their food has been dumbed down for the snowbird, midwest visitor type of crowd. If you like real authentic mexican food this will not be your place but if you dont mind a bunch of TV screens all over and having some average food you may want to check it out.
3	Good atmosphere, but food a little bland for my taste!
4	Fantastic food, amazing chile rellenos, and authentic atmosphere. I will definitely be back. the 4 dollar margaritas are worth it too
5	On a scale from one to ten, Matta's is 216.  They have exceptional cheese crisps, tacos, enchiladas, and chile rellenos.  The staff is extremely friendly, and the food is competivelly priced.  Matta's is by far the best Mexican Food restaurant I have ever eaten at.
3	Very average food. Pretty poor customer service. After seating ourselves in the bar area, it took about 7-8 minutes for anyone to come give us a menu and drinks. Then it took about 15 minutes for our food to come. Very slow customer service and just average food. Probably wouldn't go back.
5	Wow great food! We had the Roberts taco, potato tacos, enchilada, and Chile Relleno. Nice to get good Mexican food without me having to cook it!
1	White people cooking Mexican food for other white people- and not very well!!!!!This place is close to my work, so we decided to try it.....here's my review :Not going back EVER. This is not Mexican food, this is white people's opinion of what Mexican food is-minus ANY flavor...... Which can be proven by coming in here and seeing ONLY white people dining. It was only white people last time we came, too (us included...) I mean, i think that right there is your sign, when real Mexicans won't even dine at a Mexican restaurant, then you're not getting authentic Mexican flavors. I can't believe the reviews say "best salsa in the valley" WHAAAAAATTTTT!!??!! I believe in fair honest reviews. So here: it was not good :/ today was my second time at this 'Mexican food' restaurant. Let me just tell you.....I have never ever tasted anything more bland LOL! The food was....pretty sad. Chips and salsa come out first, and the mild salsa tastes like tomato gazpacho...weird. I guess the person who said it was best in the valley likes tomato juice. Nothing wrong with that, but to me salsa should be bursting with flavors, cilantro, onion, garlic.......where were those flavors?? It honestly looks like tomato juice with bits of cilantro (that i couldn't taste) and chunks of stewed tomatoes. Sighhhhhhh. The hot salsa was just hot. No flavor. Ordered a cheese crisp as an appetizer-that was pretty delicious (should've ordered 5 of them and called it quits....but alas, we did not...) But it doesn't showcase any skill in the kitchen to toast cheese on a tortilla, so to me this doesn't count. Then, my friend and I ordered 2 taco's each. There was a 2 taco combination plate that came with rice and beans for $9 bucks, but we didn't want the rice or beans, we just wanted 2 tacos each. So we ordered one fish taco, one chicken taco, and 2 of the "Robert's" tacos (which our server said, and I QUOTE, was "yum yum, one of the best items on the menu!". ALL of the tacos were very very bland!!!!!! The 'Robert's taco' was a deep fried shredded beef taco, which I remember eating in Tucson as a kid. How do you mess up something deep fried???? By not seasoning it, that's how! Like, NO flavors. It tasted like cooked meat with no seasoning!!!!!! And how do you mess up SALSA???? I just don't understand. I was so severely disappointed. and then after all was said and done we waited a pretty long time to get our check. We had eaten half our tacos, and we both work in a restaurant as well so we didn't complain about the food (not sure it would've done any good anyway, even if they offered to recook it or another menu item.....we were so severely turned off that we just wanted out of there) But when the lady dropped our check she charged us for the $9 dollar 2 item combo!! Aww, insult to injury right there. And at that point I was ready to say something but guess what- She NEVER came back to take the payment from us after 10 minutes. So we'll never ever go back. It's funny, a lot of servers are elderly white ladies! WHAT!? LOL!!! Anyways. I was pretty severely disappointed. Coming from a seasoned restaurant worker, this was just a sad, sad day for Mexican food.
3	Yelp Hours say they are closed on Sundays but they are open. This place is a lot nicer than the original location on Main St in down town Mesa. The food is not as authentic, missing the orignal location.
3	Your typical mex cantina food, nothing special you probably couldn't find in most cities in america. They have a few items on the menu for the kids and those not looking for mex food. Staff is knowledgable on menu and can make recommendations. The bar has tv's to watch your sporting events and the patio is nice during cooler months. Would recommend to anyone looking or a place to take the family. The wait staff very attentive and I always tip extra because of the great service.
2	I'll take any old Robertos anyday over this place.If I never went there again I'd be fine, but my wife will never change her mind....All I can hope for is that they go completely out of business soon :) jk! Tacos are worse than taco bell and 4x the price...soggy chimichangas full of sloppy meat for 10 bucks.... It's pretty bad...unless you grew up eating it and that's all you know, I guess?P.S. WORST SERVICE EVER AT THIS LOCATION.
1	Was not impressed and will not be back. First our waitress was an older woman who carted all of our food over on a cart. If she can't carry the food out maybe she should do something else in the restaurant. Felt bad to ask her for anything. She never refilled our chips and when we asked for a spicer salsa she said they had none! Really! Then my husband ordered a chicken burrito and it was stuffed with cream and my husband does not like creamy food. It did not state it on the menu. When we told the waitress about it she did nothing to fix his burrito. Will not be back!
2	So the last time I ate here (albeit the old location on Main Street) was in the late 70s.I had the green pork chimi today.  Overall it wasn't bad but everything, and I mean everything, lacked seasoning.  As such everything was slightly bland in taste.  Also this is one of those places that puts a quarter head of lettuce on the plate.  Not sure why that happens since I expect few people ever eat it.As I said above its been more than 35 years since I've been here.  I expect it will be some time before I return.
1	Haven't eaten here since they moved their location from Main Ave in Mesa location.  No one at the front to greet us when we arrived and when the gentleman seated us,  he lacked a personality.  Should have left at that point.  We ordered chimis and the amount of food was great,  it was hot and exactly as we ordered.  However being the picky eater I am I asked for no condiments,  However instead I'd like cheese with my chimi.  When the bill came we were charged $2 more for cheese. Or waitress coyly answer why it was more.  Very poor. ...I would have appreciated the heads up for the extra change.  There are plenty of other restaurants to patronize.  I won't be back.
2	Not impressed. Staff wasn't that friendly, it felt like an inconvenience to ask for anything, and service was exceptionally slow. The food wasn't very flavorful and the margaritas tasted like they had some soda water mixed in. It took forever to get our food & my friends was cold. The sopapillas are more crunchy than soft and fluffy. Was very disappointed.Won't be coming back.
3	Decent.  Not great, but decent.  The flautas were over cooked, and it looked like the chimi was also.  Very friendly, attentive wait staff, who took care of us when the food was delayed due to kitchen issues.  Beautiful two-story interior with rustic decor.  Wound up here after walking out dissatisfied with Toby Keith's, and do not regret the decision.  Matta's is a family place with roots going back in the area decades.  Recommended!
3	Service: excellentBeer selection:  not badFood:  guacamole great, burro okAmbiance:  goodSalsa:  spicy
2	Not bad... Not great. Pretty middle of the road.Our server was really, really nice though.The chips seemed stale and the salsa (pico) was nothing special.The chicken taco I ordered was really good.... lots of shredded chicken in a corn shell.The beans and rice were standard.
2	Not really that good. Wish I wrote the review then because I remember there were quite  a few things I wanted to say but lucky for them I waited on review and food was just not good enough that I remember how we vowed not to ever return.  Both hubby and I not impressed and not coming back.  I would suggest you start reading your reviews and get a new cook or try some new recipes because your food no longer works and I would like you to be successful because I love Mexican food and I want more places to go.
4	My first visit here, and it did not disappoint. Food was good and had fair portions. Staff was friendly and informed us about Happy Hour specials- $3 cheese crisps (amazing!) and $4 Matta's Margaritas. Interior is beautiful and clean. Displayed at the front door is their March 2014 county health inspection grade: A. Dining area is spacious and inviting. Cantina is a fun area with sports on the TVs. My party ordered a diverse selection off the menu, and each item was great! Will definitely be coming back. Since Top Shelf on Southern closed, this is the next best thing- maybe better.
1	This Place is a Joke ... Horrible service and Horrible Manager by the name Andrew. I had called in about a hour ago to let him know how terrible to service was and he HUNG UP ON ME, I wasn't being rude nor talking in a loud voice, just was trying to let them know maby you can train your staff better but no his ass hung up on me, tried calling back and all it did was ring ring ring and ring..... I don't recommend this place to anyone. The manager is a joke and always seems like he has a stick up his ass... What ever he has going on in his personal life needs to keep it away from the business because all its doing to driving the people away ... I called to see if there was any events in there like poker or trivia but no ... what a rude person and I hope they fire his ass.
2	So I went here last friday with a group of coworkers.  My ratingL is meh for the food. There is goods and bad's, but all in all it isn't worth returning.  Let me start off by saying the restaurant is very clean and the wait staff was super friendly.  Our waitress was great.  So onto the food.  I had a lunch special.  Beef Taco, Red Cheese enchilada and beans.  I really dislike when places use manufactured taco shells that seem like the ones you can buy at a grocery store.  They taste like cardboard.  Stop using them!  If Fillyberto's can make theirs on the spot, so can you.  The enchilada sauce also tasted like the stuff you get in the can or in grade school lunches.  Wasn't a fan.  The salsa were good and so were the beans. But the taco and enchilada, two basic things, were just meh.  Sorry guys, won't return.
4	Really interesting sitting on the upper level. My wife and I were able to celebrate a birthday here and we really liked our food.Went with some friends who are not the most adventurous and they also enjoyed their food. I wasn't a huge fan of the green chile pork but I did enjoy others. Fajitas were very good. The spices were just right. The salsa and chips very filling.I love a good mariachi and we were definitely serenaded. Overall great atmosphere and a lot of good experiences in the past.
4	I really like Matta's but I understand why others have posted negative reviews.  I have been going here (including the original location on Main Street) for about 25 years.  The service is questionable sometimes, but I always enjoy the food.  It is not the "light and healthy" type of food that is trendy now, it is cheesy, heavy, delicious Mexican food.  I don't always want heavy food, but when I do, Matta's hits the spot.
4	My husband and I have been going to matta's for years and recently tried this new location. Just as always they were excellent we enjoyed our meal and our service was great. We will definitely be returning!
5	Very friendly place, and you cant beet the food and drink prices.
4	I was in town for a meeting and had about an hour to grab lunch.  I like places like this because there's usually a bar where you can eat and watch TV and not be the creepy dude alone at a table.  With the decision to sit at the bar, sometime comes less than exceptional service since the bartender is making drinks for the entire restaurant and keeping up with everyone else at the bar as well.  But I had really great service and a fine meal at Matta's.  It wasn't packed, so maybe that helped but Ana, the young lady behind the bar, was friendly, checked in on me a few times and was quick to get me a second drink when she noticed I was running low.  The food was above average as well.  Not sure when I'll be back in Mesa, but this place will certainly be on my short list.
3	Love the enchiladas!!
1	Not real authentic Mexican food. The microwave use is obvious. The place has the venue but the customer service needs improvement, I arrived on a day where it was pretty empty but it took 15 minutes waiting at the front desk to be greeted. The food is wheeled out on medical carts. In the words of chef Ramsey: WHERE'S THE STANDARD!?
5	I have been loving Mattas since the late 70's on Main Street-todays chimichanga with green pepper sauce was so delicious-strawberry daquiri made just right..Wonderful lunch with fantastic waiter "Dominick" Thank YOU~
2	The food here at Mattas is average at best. However way over priced. I ordered a chile relleno taco combo, and added an additional taco at a cost of 6.99 for the added taco. To add to my surprise of the cost of the ala carte taco is how the food was plated, both tacos were resting in the beans and relleno sauces making them soggy and unable to be picked up. I was surprised a restaurant that's been in business this long does not know or show their cooks how to properly plate food. All this being said my family and I have been three times and will not be going back.
1	I've been sitting here for quite some time now. I've eaten a meal of chips and salsa. I've had two drinks. Some of us have had three. Still no food. It is not busy. I really don't understand what is taking so long. We don't have steaks. While I've had a full drink the entire time I still have no food and am ready to leave. I still not return. I'd hate to dine here on a busy night
3	The queso dip is made like "white trailer trash folks" make on Super Bowl Sunday, yellow like Velvetta. I was hoping for a true Mexican white queso dip made with Oaxaca/Monterey Jack blend. No such luck. Also, small portion for the amount paid. It is served in a small tortilla bowl that has perhaps only a ladle full inside it. Not even half full.Our waiter was quick, efficient, and pleasant. He promptly took our order, served our meals, refilled our drinks, cleared the table, and delivered the check without any waiting time or having to ask. The food was served hot and quick. There were no combo plate numbers like 1 through 40. We were not offered a lunch menu at 12:30pm on Friday. Therefore, I do not believe they offer lunch prices. The pricing on the menu I feel is a little more expensive than most other Mexican restaurants. The salsa was delicious. I like the one with fresh green onions and chunky tomatoes the most. I like salsas that have a thick consistency over the watered down ones. The two that are served are of perfect consistency. I had the chili relleno and enchilada. Nice cheesy & the enchilada sauce was delicious. My friend had some sort of meatball soup. He seemed to enjoy it. He didn't make any comments about it.
1	I have been going to Mattas for 15 years. Tonight my family came in and it wasn't busy but it took 20mins for the girls to clean off a table for us. After sitting down we got chips and that was it. No one brought us water or anything. We waited 10mins and started looking around and saw servers sitting and taking a break instead of helping us. I know that this place is not known for fast food, but completely ignoring us is crazy. I have 2 young children with me and it is not easy waiting for service when it is fast. We decided to leave and told the girls at the front that we never were helped out. They gave me a dirty look and didn't even say a word....not a sorry or let's make it better. I am very disappointed because Mattas has been a part of my family for a long time. I will not go back.
