5	This place is pretty awesome.  It's a cross between shaved ice and ice cream.  Some people call it shaved snow, others call it snow cream, but whatever you may want to call it, it is pretty darn good.I got the green tea shaved snow with mango toppings and a drizzle of condensed milk.  It was really good.  The shaved snow has a ribbon like texture and is definitely a cross between creamy and icy.Basically, you choose your flavor, and then the toppings.  You also have the option to add condensed milk on top of it all.  From what I remember, the shaved snow flavors they had were Green Tea, Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, Mango, Coffee, and Black Sesame.  The toppings varied from fresh fruit, candy, and cookie crumbles. There are four sizes to choose from (kid's, regular, large, and monster) and it's pretty reasonably priced.One thing to note is that they use all-natural ingredients for their shaved snow.  It definitely heightens the flavor and gives it an authentic quality.The service was awesome, and the workers are really friendly.   Overall, I had a great first impression and will definitely be back to try the other flavors.  The only thing is that the location is kind of out there, and it is definitely a trek if you are on the Las Vegas Strip or the other side of town (Summerlin, etc).  Also, it is located out of a food trailer (kind of like a food truck).
5	This place was pretty delicious!! Brought the kids there and the owner is super friendly and helpful, he offered to let us try anything we wanted. The three of us all ordered one with an added topping and we took mom home one and it cost less than $12 bucks! Super cheap dessert, and really refreshing and light. They use real fruit and fresh ingredients in everything. It's definitely worth stopping for this place! We will be back soon.
5	Frost Bites is amazing! I have never had anything like it, it has the taste of ice cream but is very light. And the flavored taste very natural, and the service is very good!
5	Move over Kuma, there is a new sheriff in the snow ice game, and his name is Frost Bites Shavery. Opened just a week before Kuma opened, this snow ice is taking it to a whole 'nother level!I found out about this place from the KTNV news website. They were doing a piece on Jet Tila's Kuma that just opened up. Over on the comments page, a few people were writing in that there was another place doing the snow ice, and it was over in Henderson. After a so-so experience at Kuma, I decided to check this place out the next day.Frost Bites Shavery is a freestanding food truck that is located in the same shopping center as Friendly Donuts on Boulder Highway.. You can usually find them across from the China Inn restaurant. When I saw the menu, the first thing that popped out were the flavors, more particularly, black sesame. The owner, Mikey, gave me a sample to try. Let me tell you, I had an epiphany. Here is why. When I went to Kuma, I randomly ran into Tony T. As we ate our snow ice, he told me that it originated in Taiwan. He also told me how to tell the difference between OK snow ice, and an exceptional one. The most important thing is the texture. When you eat snow ice, it is supposed to melt in your mouth, almost like freshly fallen snow. At Kuma, when you eat it, you can taste the crunchiness as you chew, almost like a sandy texture. At FBS, after a couple of bites, it melts away. Mikey, the owner, told me it took him months to figure the recipe out, and he agreed that it should be smooth, and not a sandpaper feeling. He was also cool to let me try any of the flavors that I wanted. I took samples of the green tea and mango, and they were much superior to Kuma's. I ordered the black sesame with mango, and he even put condensed milk on it for no charge. The mango was perfectly ripe, and had a bright flavor. For the black sesame, Mikey actually grinds real black sesame into the milk, and lets the flavors infuse before preparing the ice, and it is phenomenal. It was a stunning snow ice.I'll be back here because of the great flavors, an awesome, generous owner, and the best snow ice in the Valley!
5	We have a lot of snow falling here in the Vegas Valley lately! Shaved SNOW  that is! Frost Bites Shavery caught my attention when I read "Snow Cream" "Smoother" and "Black Sesame" and saw that Michael K's check was in Henderson!  I don't proclaim to be an expert of this dessert that originated in Taiwan but after trying Frost Bites Shavery's version, now we're talkin this is what shaved snow cream is all about.Walked up and was elated to see Green Tea and Black Sesame flavors on the menu!  Mike the owner and creator was really gracious and offered samples of any flavors I wanted to check out. That's when I discovered the difference between here and the other place. Frost Bites Shavery is the REAL DEAL!When it was presented to me, it was in ribbon like layers, even looked fluffier and no granular ice crystals like I had at Kuma's. Frost Bites Shavery was way smoother and texture reminded me of fresh fallen snow. It's NOT Snow Cones or shave ice..but a mixture of the two, hence shaved snow! Big plus it's all natural, you won't go into sugar shock from having flavored syrups drowned in ice. Taste wise the flavors I tried ( Mango, Green Tea, Coconut, Black Sesame) had much more depth. Especially the Green Tea. Black Sesame fans will really appreciate this, Mike said he roasts and grinds the black sesame himself.  In fact, all ingredients used to make snow cream are all natural including fresh fruit used to make the Mango snow cream! Which tastes fresh and fruity!  No canned fruit for topping either. That's why Lychee is missing. Can't get it fresh, so they passed on it.  Other flavors I saw were Coffee and your traditional flavors of Chocolate, Strawberry and Vanilla for those who aren't the adventurous types. Price: In line with all the other icy treat stands in the area. Range from $2.25 - $6.25 toppings additional .50 cents.  There are four different sizes. I appreciate they have a kid size for the little ones. Location: Along Boulder Highway between Major and Greenway/Palo Verde. You're reference point is the marquee for Smith's Grocery. It's a freestanding structure. You'll see the pastel blue and white trailer/food truck right on Boulder closer to corner of Greenway/Palo Verde.   Plenty of parking. There's a canopy for shade and a couple of chairs.  This snow cream is tastier and  healthier can't beat that! I'm a fan!  Five Stars most def!
5	Love LOVE this place!!!!!!
5	Believe the hype!  Jump on this bandwagon!  Yes, just read the reviews and you'll see that Frost Bites is serving up some big taste and value from its little shack on Boulder Highway.  Just adding my two cents to say that, if you're a fan of snow ice, you'll definitely be a fan of this  small-owned business.  Light, fluffy, melts-in-your-mouth like snow is supposed to.  Friendly owner, free tastes, a stamp card.  Yay for the little guy!  Yay that it's 5 minutes from my office!  Yay- yay - yay!
5	Snow on Boulder Hwy!It's not the snow that falls, but it's definitely snow that melts in your mouth! Located on Boulder Hwy & Palo Verde, this truck is living up to high standards of making this latest cool treat Vegas is getting really excited about. Everyone asks me what shaved snow is and I think Frost Bites truck explains it the best. Shaved snow (n.) when ice cream and shaved ice fell in love, got married, and had a baby. I love it...because it's exactly just that!Here's my pictures:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=q9jCDNZDRUYl2Pwlgxocighttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=dgyfYX48irDyJxwSoh3e2g&userid=q9jCDNZDRUYl2PwlgxocigSeeing black sesame flavor on their menu board, I knew that had to be my first flavor to try. William and Michael greeted me and offered me as much samples as I desired. Green tea tasted like genuine tea, unsweetened, which many of you look for. The vanilla was good, a bit icy after having mouthfuls of my creamy black sesame. Overall, how was the texture? Light, fluffy, creamy ribbons. If you enjoy Kuma or Fluff Ice, it's not the same. You'll have to go try it to see what I mean.What I love is that they want to keep it all natural ingredients. What I learned is that many popular snow flavors are made artificially or requires powder, including one of my favorites, taro. So I really appreciate places that always try to maintain all-natural good quality ingredients. Keep it up, guys!I love their truck. Hopefully with success, they can upgrade to a shop, which I understand takes time. I only say this because this is the treat I want to keep enjoying all summer long. It'll get hot out there on Boulder Hwy, that might discourage some people. While saying that, I love supporting our local small businesses, so you'll still see me out there.Read the reviews, drool over the pictures, but better yet, just head down there and try it! I'll be going back tomorrow!
5	This place is a gem!Service is great - didn't catch the guys' names but they were really friendly and explained to us what Frost Bites is all about. We got generous sized samples while we "ummed" and "ahhed" at the variety of flavors. I had never heard of black sesame before so I tried it. Delicious, fresh, slightly nutty and vaguely cookie-ish. I ended up getting coconut with mochi, Oreos and condensed milk. Phenomenal. I will be back! Prices are great, service is great and the taste is unique! Loves.
5	This stuff is so good! Definitely gonna be eating our share of Frostbites this summer :)
5	This is definitely how snow ice should be.  No other places in Vegas does it as good as this place.  The snow ice is creamy, fluffy, and very delicate.  No ice chunks, no preservatives or powders.  Compared to blockheads this place definitely is better in taste and texture.  Now I don't need to go to Cali to get my fix!
4	Stopped by this place last night and I was def impressed by the uniqueness and the great service. When you taste this little secret of Henderson, you will def be impressed. It's truly smooth and fresh tasting. I'm def a new fan. Thanks Mike!
5	I had to give it a try after Shirley B. raved about the place (not to mention it's all of a few miles from my house). LOVE that there is a tent covering the ordering window since it was 103F on my carmometer today. The owner was super-friendly and explained the menu to my young sons and me. Although I didn't order one (it's swimsuit season, people!) my picky sons declared this was MUCH better than Purple Penguin since it wasn't so icey, they had sprinkles! and they didn't have to wait 20 minutes in the blazing sun! LOL!I had to taste test my son's choices (dutch chocolate and vanilla) and they were both amazing. Refreshing but not too heavy or overly-sweet. So excited to see an innovative product come to Boulder Highway! (In the plaza with Smith's & Johnny Macs.)
5	I needed a frost bite as the sun deathrayed me in the parking lot at Boulder Highway and Palo Verde!  I had never heard of snow cream before last week, but I love supporting local businesses and Eric R. has a new fascination with taking me on dates on Boulder Highway, so I dragged him away from his studies to grab a refreshing treat in the afternoon.We immediately ran into one of his coworkers (whom I had never met) from SUMMERLIN who drove all the way here to try this place since he had snow cream in LA.  Random!  We were given lots of FREE samples to try as first-timers, including green tea (deliciously unsweetened), black sesame, coconut, and mango.  Wow!  I liked them all and immediately was in a conundrum...what to choose?  We let Eric's coworker go first, and he had his wife's order ready first (she was keeping cool in the car).  After they ordered, I finally decided on a regular size coconut with MOCHI and strawberry condensed milk.  Eric R. got mango with pineapples and condensed milk.  We were both moaning with snowy pleasure at each bite, even though we stood in the sun (he apparently likes the outdoor sauna, but I only had face sunscreen on!) and chatted with his coworker and his wife.The owners asked Eric's coworker for feedback based on his tasting of snow cream in LA.  They told us of the long amount of time spent perfecting the texture, and mother nature approves!  My friend Heather K. who some of you have met at Trivia night and 21 elite event lives around the corner from here so I told her to hurry up and get some black sesame!All of the fruit toppings are FRESH and the flavors are not too sweet, which I prefer.  Eric R. wanted something sweet but he already has me so he can just deal.  I think next time we want to try the vanilla and the ex-strawbinerry, but I may end up with green tea because I just love it.  This is the place that will add mileage to many west-siders' cars soon enough!!UPDATE 6/2 (yes the next day!): I had the ex-strawbinerry with strawberries and strawberry condensed milk soooo good and then Sarah-Marie V. bought me a vanilla with almonds and caramel.  The vanilla dream was soooooo gooooood.  That is all.
5	Sooooo happy my cousin found this place!! It's worth the drive to downtown Henderson for this yummy treat!! Three of the five in our group have never tried shaved snow before. What we have been missing!! Light, fresh, all natural and not too sweet, Frost Bites Shavery is so refreshing in the hot desert! Will & Mike are the owners and were very generous with samples! Mango and strawberry were my & my cuz's choices, topped with fresh mango, strawberry & strawberry condensed milk! Hubby had green tea and coffeelicious, which he loved since it's not sweet. My son had strawberry with strawberry condensed milk. Coconut topped with mochi and M&Ms rounded out our party of five.  It's definitely worth the drive and we will be back! Mahalo, Will & Mike! :-)
5	I use Yelp to find great local businesses all the time, so it's about time I give back by giving a review. This place is awesome!  I LOVE ice cream, but like to watch my calories. This place offers a great alternative for someone like me that doesn't like frozen yogurt. Just the right mix of ice and ice cream. Its light tasting, but definetly ice cream.  And sweetened condensed milk drizzle, that is one of my favorite ways to eat sugar!! I think it was the owner that served me, he was very helpful and gave me a good sized sample before my purchase. I'd like to know the calorie info on this stuff, didn't find that on the Facebook website. Very tasty, very satisfied, I will be back.
5	If you have never had flavored snow ice, like myself.  Then you should really try it. Im definetly gonna go try all the other flavors, being it so close to my home. How can I resist now that I know how wonderful the mango flavor is and just gonna have to go thru the rest of the flavors too.  Great service and very friendly.   I will definetly be back for more!
5	I need to jump on this bandwagon of Frost Bites lovers. I am not an expert in snow cream. I have only one place to compare it to and that was during a foodie festival. Do I dare say that it blew the other place out of the water? Yes. It is the fact that they use all natural ingredients in their snow ice. William explained to us that him and his partner believe in keeping it as simple as possible and that they only use four ingredients in each of their flavors.After hearing all of the buzz coming from other Yelpers; a few of us rushed from across town to get some before they closed. It was totally worth hauling ass and making it there with a couple of minutes to spare. We got three flavors to share and was impressed with the product. It was light, smooth, rich, and possess a texture that is unrivaled. I had a difficult time in picking between the mucho mango, black sesame, and smooth green tea. Good thing we each got something different and they were all phenomenal. I would still say that green tea is my favorite. The prominent matcha flavor is unreal. Get there early because it sells out.
5	What the heck is Frost Bites? Why is half of Yelp Las Vegas coming into my part of Henderson to check this place out? What the heck is shaved ice? And on top of that why are people raving about Black Sesame? It was time to go find out today....and what I found was very different. Frost Bites Shavery is a little mobile trailer parked in the corner of the Smith's parking lot right next to Boulder Highway. Don't let appearances deceive you, while they don't have a storefront they don't need it. This little trailer is packed with flavor and staffed by two very friendly individuals who will answer your questions and hook you up with something that is not what you might expect. It's not frozen yogurt, It's not ice cream. And yeah, it looks a little weird at first. Just grab your spoon and try it, and don't worry, they'll hand you a sample or two of anything you want to explore.I had to give the Black Sesame a try first...while it wasn't for me, it wasn't bad either. I ended up with vanilla and oreos and I got my cup fast, and experienced service with a smile to boot. I took my cup back to my car and found myself liking it more and more with each spoonful. And the best part is it didn't leave me feeling guilty when I was done. It was light, flavorful, and really, really good. As you read the Yelp reviews you'll see 5 Stars, 5 Stars, and more 5 Stars. If something sucks I'll say so, see my Jackassery and Absolutely Not lists for proof of that. Frost Bites Shavery won't be making those two lists, but they will get the coveted 5 Star rating from me, and a promise I will return and bring others. Lots of others.Believe the hype, and go check this place out. In the words of Icona Pop: I Love It!Update: Added to my Best of Las Vegas list. Who needs frozen yogurt when you've got awesomeness like this close by?
5	Every so often a new place will open in the Las Vegas area, and Yelpers go nuts over it. The latest golden child of the Vegas Yelp community is Frost Bites Shavery, which serves up snow cream. And I am thrilled to say that Frost Bites Shavery completely lives up to the hype!! (And, not gonna lie, I am pretty stoked that it's out in Old Henderson on Boulder Highway cuz that's my 'hood!)I had no clue what snow cream was, and was so pleasantly surprised by the taste and texture when Jaime W. and I stopped by on a Saturday to try it out. The side of the Frost Bites truck describes snow cream as "when ice cream and shaved ice fell in love, got married, and had a baby" which sums it up perfectly. This is nothing like the crunchy, sickeningly sweet, artificially flavored snow cones some places are serving up. Frost Bites snow cream is light and airy while remaining creamy and rich... And the best part? It's ALL NATURAL. It's also surprisingly low calorie!! The owners, Will and Mike, explained that each flavor only has 4 ingredients and they do not use any powders to flavor their cream. So, as much as they would like to offer other flavors, they chose to stick with only offering up what they can make naturally which I think is amazing. I wish more places were like this. The same is true with their toppings, only fresh fruits are offered up here, no 'frost bitten' strawberries to be found here!After trying almost every favor, I settled on coconut. Topped with pineapple, mochi and condensed milk it tasted like I was on a tropical island, not sitting in a parking lot overlooking Boulder Highway. It was so delicious, I had to go back the next day for another one, and I am already planning what flavor combinations to try on my future visits. Will and Mike are extremely friendly, kind and professional guys... Will was very open and honest with us about what toppings he recommends with what flavors, which he does not recommend, and he even said he would work on getting some popping boba as a topping!! They really want honest feedback, and I never have a problem with giving constructive criticism, but there is really nothing to improve upon here. More chairs to sit in perhaps? Hendertucky may not be your 'hood, but I promise you that no matter what part of town you live in, Frost Bites is worth the drive. Make sure to get a punchcard when you do!
5	GAAAAAAHHHHH!What can I say that has not already been said? Well, I can point out the dude that said these guys are awesome and proceeded to give them 3 stars? Yeah makes sense right? I think he had them confused with Kuma! OH SNAP! There I said what EVERYBODY else is saying or is agreeing to once they try this place out.Remember this review and the ones before it. Its only a matter of time before these guys explode on to the all natural dessert scene. The owners Will and Mike, I can compare them to Bill Gates and Paul Allen when they first started Microsoft. That's right folks, I SAID IT. These guys have that kind of potential. When you guys look back at this review, the song "We started from the bottom now we're here" will be playing again and again in your head. Heck, I am picturing you bobbing your head right now.Ok so now for the default part of the review. Yes they have different flavors. Yes they take cards with a 30 cent transaction fee. That's cheap if you ask me. Yes they are in a small trailer. Yes you gotta go over the river and through the woods past your grandmother's house to get there. Yes their customer service is more like, "Hay buddy! How you doin?" like they have known you for years.The bottom line is, if something is really good, people from all over will come. These guys are sitting on a gold mine and if they go public, buy their stock! Heck start filling out an application so you can be one of the first to work there and maybe become one of the pioneering members that helped started it all while making some serious frost bitten paper! So once you're done with this 5 star review, move on down to next 100 or so others that are 5 star, well except for that 3 star dude and keep this little snowball rollin until its so big, peeps will be like, remember Kuma? *starts laughing. This could possibly be the first business that will average 5 stars forever. Lastly I will leave you with this, "BRRR! IT'S COLD IN HERE! THERE MUST BE SOME FROST BITES IN THE ATMOSPHERE!"
5	Throw out everything you've known about frozen desserts because this will blow your mind. Ice cream...no. Frozen Yogurt...no way. Snow Cones...not even close.Frost Bites Shavery is the modern day dessert craze that will take over!At first glance, the flavors are common enough...mango, strawberry, chocolate, coconut...but wait...BLACK SESAME?! Where did you come from?!Let's start with the texture...fluffy sheets of creamy ice in mango or BLACK SESAME (yes will use all caps for that) flavor that are piled high in a cup size of your choice...do not get anything less than a regular size. The delicate flecks of toasted sesame throughout prep you for this encounter. Rich, full bodied creaminess that has warm nutty and vanilla hints wrapped up in these icey sheets that is a wonderful departure from your normal experience. The mucho mango is like biting into fresh mango and topped with ripe mango is a tropical fruitopia blast. Lastly, strawberry condensed milk? Oh yes, please!! Only 4 ingredients in each, fresh fruit and all natural. It won't fill you up like ice cream or froyo and much more waist-friendly choice, even if making multiple trips....ahem, you know who you are :)The owners are all super friendly and this location has shade plus some seating and plenty of parking. The ordering is simplified into 3 steps that streamlines the process. They offer stamp cards & will even honor Kuma cards as well.Stay tuned for more flavors and cool off at our new summer hot spot!
5	You are not trippin'. It's June in Vegas and over 100 degrees out and it is straight up snowing. Snow ice that is. I don't really know how to explain it, but here it goes.It's creamy, but not firm like a gallon of ice cream that breaks your spoon or fork or whatever your ice cream weapon of choice is. It's a light creamy.A light creamy like that of Common's skin. Yes, he is some HOT ass Chocolate. Not light like an ice slushy.Light like when a girl lightly tip toes out of the bedroom and away from her lover in the morning to brush her teeth and wash away the drool so she looks fresh. None of that has anything really to do with Frost Bites, but I don't care. I love Frost Bites for being that delicious dessert I never knew I was missing. At 150 calories for a kids size I think I found my summer crush.
5	Wow!! It's like eating fluffy clouds that melt so smooth in your mouth. Your mouth will thank you for it. The coconut with condensed milk was delish!!! My kids LOVED theirs as well!! Our new summer hang out:)
5	Last day of school calls for a special treat, no? Id seen this place on yelp and thought Id take my daughter here to celebrate. I was impressed. Their product is definitely unique, not really like anything Id ever tried before. Very refreshing. I had the mango, my daughter had vanilla, and i tried the black sesame, which was good but i wasnt sure i wanted an entire cup. It was light but also rich at the same time, if that makes sense. Like one bite is enough. Very good though. The mango was delicious, and I tried her vanilla. The sprinkles didnt look like normal sprinkles and my daughter didnt want to try it at first, but once she did she said it was really good. I concur. Cant wait to try the chocolate!The cups were HUGE. Kids size easily twice the size of other not-to-be-mentioned competitors (why would i send you to them? Their cups are miniscule!). I got a kids size and that was PLENTY for me. Plus theyre only $2.65. How can you go wrong?!?Heres how it works:First you pick your flavor, then your topping, and then they offer to pour some sweetened condensed milk on top. I was a little leery of this as Im watching what I eat (and trying to lose those last stubborn 15 lbs!) but the guy said to just try a little, he could give me more later. So I tried it. WOW is all I can say. Its like salt - brings out the flavor. but of course, it was sweet. So needless to say, I went back and got more :)The guy who ran the stand was nice, and after he found out i was a yelper he was even nicer - offered me a freebie for an honest review. I woulda reviewed it anyway - but here it is :) My one suggestion: stay open later. During the summer most of the locals dont venture out til dark. If you close at 8, youre missing much of your customer base. Thanks for an awesome treat today! We'll be back - and Ill bring the rugrats with me :)
5	Just got back from Frost Bites Shavery....WWWWWOOOOOOOOWWWWW!!!!It's 108 outside, I was in need of a light treat. I was working hard at work (or hardly working?) when I came across the perfect scoring on Yelp. I  talked my co-worker into leaving work early and going to Frost Bites Shavery with me (yolo!). I am glad I did! So delicious! I got the green tea with mochi on top. I was a little scared to add the condensed milk on it, but I will try next time when I am feeling adventurous.I am so happy this is in the area that I live, I will be coming back often when I need a sweet treat. Its a little hard to spot, but its near the Del Taco in the parking lot of Smiths.It's light and refreshing and it does not melt fast. The owner mentioned its like "cotton candy of  ice-cream/shaved ice" and that's exactly what it is.You have to try it for yourself, it really is one of a kind!
5	Light, fluffy, ribbon shaped fluff ice, exactly the way it is supposed to be. You can enjoy the product without any toppings!- 5 starsSuper friendly owners who value your opinion on their product and excellent customer service- 5 starsPrice is more than reasonable. Amazing, yet such a simple product to enjoy without breaking your wallet- 5 starsPerfect spot to enjoy a nice and refreshing dessert and to cool off for the summer! It might be a drive for some ppl especially if you live in southwest or summer lib but I can promise you, you won't be disappointed!!!! Great job guys!!!
4	Taiwanese ice, Vegas style.Am I in hell?  It's 110 degrees.  The Prius says 125 outside.  I'm seat belted in and  on the 15 when I realize I'm still wearing a hoody.  AC not cooling s#!%.  Finally, the trailer.  Frost Bites Shavery and relief.  Within minutes cup in hand.  Scoop one, light, fluffy, COLD, ahhhh.  Scoop two, body temperature falling, I'm forgetting I'm still wearing a hoody.  Scoop three; NOOOOO, it's melting!!!This is good stuff.  Hawaii yeeps, think Frostcity on steroids.  Ribbons of fluffy goodness are shaved  from blocks of highly concentrated. naturally flavored ice.  Light, fluffy, delicious for the first two or three scoops then the texture changes it quickly becomes wet and "mushy", the sweetness becomes cloying.  Stick to the smallest size.  You can always get another.  (went back four times in one visit.  Scoop, scoop, toss, order, scoop, scoop, toss... Things we do for yelp)  Flavors are strong and delish while the ice stays ice.  Vanilla (cloying sweetness), mango (floral, intense, cloying finish), green tea (bitter sweet tea flavor, best once melted), black sesame (nice sesame aroma, different, cloying finish).Toppings are akin to a froyo bar, ie big chunks of fruits, nuts, crackers, candy, and cookies.  They detract and overpower the ice.  Too much crunch or texture and flavor.  Inexpensive ranging from $2.25 to $6.25 for a family size cup.Very good but more of a sweet treat than a chilling refresher (I guess that's why we have beer).
5	This review took forever for me to write.  With all the great reviews about this place, there wasn't more I could say.  Frost Bites is like a UYE or an Elite Event, nothing but 5 stars.  But you know what? I concur with my Yelp buds on this one.  Frost Bites has taken their snow ice, snow cream, or whatever you want to call it to another level.  I admit, I took my time on this review until I had my second serving.  I didn't want other reviews to taint my opinion about this place.  I also don't give too many 5 star reviews unless I feel a business deserves it.  Well, I'm giving them the max.  10 stars would have been my vote if that was an option. If you build it, he will come.  Well the owners, Mike and Will, set up shop in old Henderson and built it.  And you know what, we came.  We arrived in bunches.  Most Yelpers came back for seconds, then came back for thirds, and fourths, and so on.  Not hype, my friends.  Frost Bites is too legit to quit.  I've tried their Coffeelicious and Black Sesame. Tough for me to decide which is better because both were a smooth, a light, and a creamy icy heaven. Definitely hits the spot, especially this time of the year.  Both were regular sizes, but are huge. Got no will power, then opt for their Monster cup.  Prices here are the best to the point that I feel like I'm ripping them off.  Service is also 5 Stars.  The team here takes pride in their work and even a greater pride taking care of their customers.  Don't be surprised on your second visit here that they already know you by first name basis.  When it slows down, they will take their time to hang out with you. Frost Bites is cool like that, Mike and Will are cool like that. Visitors, I'm calling you out.  Yelpers from all over Vegas are driving all the way to Henderson for this.  Las Vegas Yelpers know what's up.  C'mon SoCal visitors...your turn to give them a shot. Tired of losing money at the casinos.  Tired of the high expenses to maintain your "Vegas Baby" lifestyle on the strip.  Here's a great bang for your buck. Take the trip to Frost Bites Shavery for some snow cream with huge servings and great prices. You won't be disappointed.Black Sesame:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=YWg2zzipuGDYmgXGYKIjjA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQFTS:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=j-MdUW_pEoGsBV5kyPC2JQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQCoffeelicious:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=j-MdUW_pEoGsBV5kyPC2JQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
5	Very silky & light with no ice chips. Just like hkg, sin, tpe. I hope taro flavor will be available soon. Went back for my 2nd visit,  but it was closed because the generator overheated on Saturday,  June 8, 2013. Already miss its perfect shaved cream dessert.
5	WILL TRAVEL FOR THE GOOD STUFF. MAKE THE TRIP.Seeing that all of my closest Yelp buddies were going on a daily basis and there was nothing but 5 star ratings and amazing pics being posted I was down to making the Henderson trip.  I can say it's well worth the trip. Just look at all the pictures and tell me if you can say no to them.  Here are some of mine.A large bowl of black sesame shaved snow topped with pieces of pineapple and strawberry condensed milk. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frost-bites-shavery-henderson?select=he61-y1oIFDjq-urlMA--A#QhW04HUrzEeDgczSuMLrBg Sorry I took a few bites out of the bowl before I realized that I should really take a pic.  I've never heard of anyone doing a black sesame snow flavor before.  It was so amazing.  I could've ate it on it's own, just a large bowl of black sesame but adding the toppings drool. Best part of it other then the taste was it was 110 degrees outside, or near that temp, and my bowl didn't seem soupy or runny, I even took my time enjoying it, that is crazy. The consistency of the snow was so smooth and perfect, it is definitely the best here.I was good with one large but because I really wanted to try another one went back for 2nds. A large bowl of half mucho mango shaved snow and half coconut delight shaved snow topped with pieces of strawberries and caramel sauce. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frost-bites-shavery-henderson?select=he61-y1oIFDjq-urlMA--A#VdiGyk6TOeNEfPwNudFelQ Located in a parking lot shared with a Smith's and Del Taco you'll find the Frost Bites trailer. They use natural ingredients. They have 4 various sizes from a kid size to the Monster size that are inexpensive. And various delicious flavors of shaved snow from Vanilla Dream to a Smooth Green Tea, toppings from mango to sprinkles, and drizzles from sweet condense milk to a chocolate sauce. Eating the shaved snow naked, without any toppings or drizzle works out too. If you order the large or monster they'll allow 2 flavors of shaved snow, don't know if they'll do 3 but I'm happy with 2. They have their own stamp cards. But they'll honor those Kuma stamp cards, you know the ones you were going to toss out. The two owners are very cool and friendly people. Look out for newer flavors.If there was a place that deserves a 6th star this is one of them. I'm very jealous of Henderson, VERY.
5	If you haven't noticed the snow ice take over then you must be from Mars. There are around 3-4 other snow ice places around the valley but Frost Bites is by far the best and here's why:-The number of flavors. There are around 8 different flavors so you're sure to find one to fit any palette. Other places only offer 2-3.- The number of toppings. With 10+ toppings and 8+ flavors, you can pretty much make any combination under the sun- Quality of the snow. YES THIS IS LEGIT SNOW ICE! You can literally see the snowy ribbons in your cup and you can't taste ice crystals. The texture is very light and fluffy as it should be. - Natural ingredients. You can eat as much as you want and you don't have to worry about any artificial ingredients.- Price. I'm pretty sure this place is the cheapest for the amount of snow ice you get. Plus they offer 4 different sizes. I recommend getting kid sizes so you can try multiple flavors!-Service. The owners here really listen to customers and took the time to talk to us about future ideas.I really hope Frost Bites is able to open another location in Vegas. I would totally visit everyday and just throw money at the truck and swim in snow.
5	It's true, this place is legit, it is the bomb, and is definitely as good as it gets!After the gym, I requested to visit this place, and Earl did not hesitate to take me.  When we arrived, we were the only ones.  While trying to look at Nelson Q's review for some suggestion, the man himself shows up!  How cool is that?Nelson traveled far and wide (N Vegas) for some delicious treat at Frost Bites Shavery.  We then tried many different flavors and they were all so good.  Tough decision.  Earl and I somehow came to the same decision of black sesame snow creamery, topped with mocha bits and condensed milk.  So, Earl changed his order to coconut snow creamery, topped with pineapple and mocha bits, capped with condensed milk.  He finished his regular size cup  while I was half way through mine, so he start digging his spoon into mine.  Oh well, he paid for us both so I let it slide.As we were waiting, Amanda shows up with her adorable baby girl Petra.  By the way Petra was eating spoonful of mango creamery fed by Amanda, I know that will be my next choice to get on my next visit.  Petra was demanding for more creamery because Amanda wasn't feeding her quick enough!  That is how delicious those snow creamery treats are!Thank you Mike for being patient with Earl and I and letting us sample so many different delicious flavors.  This is a non-guilty indulgence that Earl and I can add to our lives.  Delicioso...so ONO!
5	By far the toughest review ever did since joined yelp. Only because fresh off the plane two days from two weeks visiting da roots and da islands. Shave ice or snow ice daily life, culture, and fabric of 808. We have good ones here in Vegas. But the reality is nothing can compare too local style back home. Always always nice too have options in life. Frost Bites Shavery is pretty close too point with the way they shave the ice nice thin kine, the flavors all looked awesome (I went for the green tea), the selected toppings (strawberry for me; have my favorite mochi balls too passed this trip), and other stuff too from condensed milk although not my preference so went without. I like the different sizes too choose from because really on Vegas summer days need more then one round. Or Nelson puts it need three or more too feel content! The green tea flavor was awesome! Green tea ice cream is by far my favorite flavor ice cream. It really tasted like frozen ice cream shaved thin and add some fresh strawberry and mochi balls. AAwesome! Rich, creamy, vibrant green color, and could not eat it fast enough till the last drop. Not doubt will make more stops because lot more flavors too try and lot more long Hot Vegas Summer days ahead.The service is just as cool as the ice. Lol! Seriously they do go over the steps just in case you get confused like me first check in. They recommended only getting two toppings rather then three. I was all about too go three but the guy like get more snow ice. I like two toppings even better. It food truck but believe with this location not planning on moving around too much. Kind of wish they did since Henderson feels solar system away from my house. On 100 plus degrees no distance not travel cool down with some snow ice! They have little tented area or sit on the curb in the parking lot. Kicking it curb side is the only way too go comes too food trucks!! Fan of Frost Bites Shavery and looking forward too my next visit! =))
5	I can not in good conscience give this place less than a 5-star rating.  For one, it deserves top marks.  For two (hee hee), I'd probably be run out of Vegas by the yelp community!Hubby and I were driving back from AZ and were desiring some kind of frozen treat, as it was stupid hot.  After a quick yelp search, I cried out "Frost Bites?!?"  So, off we headed, guided by our trusty GPS and yelp app.  The Frost Bites trailer was easy to find and had a small queue of frozen dessert hunters waiting outside.  The temperature was 110F/43C which meant that I was NOT going to wait outside because I overheat very very quickly.  Hubby, as is his wont, demonstrated his awesome hubby skillz by waiting for our order and bringing mine to me (I was comfortably ensconced in our air-conditioned truck).Now, the treats.  I had a regular vanilla cream with Oreo crumbles and chocolate drizzle.  Very 5-year-old child.  BUT SO GOOD.  I saw flecks of vanilla bean in my cream and tasted the quality of it.  Hubby had a large green tea/black sesame cream (2 flavours for the large size) with mochi pieces and condensed milk for his drizzle choice.  His treat was very fresh and it was easy to discern the quality of the ingredients.  We both agreed that our desserts were delightful: creamy but light, flavourful and fresh, gone too soon.  :)  Prices are very reasonable and the proprietor (the one who was there yesterday) is charming and passionate about his product.  He mentioned that he'd like to open a location in Chinatown.  YES PLEASE.  I think he'd find that many yelpers and non-yelpers would flock there to visit.GO GO GO here.  Keep Frost Bites Shavery from melting in the Vegas heat.  ;)
5	Absolutely exceeded my expectations! i had the coconut with oreos, almonds, and condensed milk. the flavor stood out perfectly and the texture is so unique but amazing. definitely returning here....trust the other yelpers, this place is awesome
5	Its the Original and the BEST in vegas. Hands down, no comparison. I love the fact that they serve Fresh & Natural ingredients! I cant wait for these GUYs to secure a permanent location in Chinatown or Freemont Street.
5	I honestly couldn't decide if I should give Frost Bites 4 or 5 stars.  The 30+ mile-drive brought back memories of me being almost late all the time when I was taking Anatomy & Physiology at NSC on a friggin Saturday morning!  And I thought that was far...Frost Bites is even farther.  It's where tumbleweeds roll, and lizards and huge ants run free...it's that far!  But I can't really dock 1 star just because of that.  However, I do wish they'd move a bit closer to civilization.  Well, enough about my complaining...I wasn't even the one who drove!So, it's technically not shaved ice.  It's shaved snow.  I don't remember snow to be this delicious back in the Midwest.  We had snow and yellow snow which was not a treat at all!  Frost Bites has vanilla, mango, coffee, black sesame,  green tea, chocolate, strawbery and coconut snow...toppings such as mochi, strawberries, mango, sprinkles, Oreo's, M&M's, graham crackers, pineapple, almonds, coconut flakes, chocolate chips and gummy bears.  All of which you can drizzle with condensed milk, chocolate, caramel sauce and/or strawberry condensed milk. I was craving for anything with sesame so, I got a large cup of black sesame and green tea snow combo  topped with mochi and strawberries, drizzled with condensed milk (yes, you can get 2 flavors in 1 cup...if you get large or The Monster).  The first bite tasted like HYPE as I was watching my fluffy ribbons of snow get blown off my spoon by the wind and that's when I realized I wanted to eat that part that got blown away too.  The succeeding bites were much more appreciated.  Each bite reminded me of the yummy desserts I had while I was on my Asian tour.  You can't find black sesame frozen treats or legit green tea snow/ shaved ice just anywhere.  It was enjoyable, delicate and  you can actually taste FLAVOR as opposed to just sugar.Is there a bus from North to this place?  Hmmmm...my backyard is HUGE and could fit a foodtruck, chairs and a bunch of people.
5	"Oh. My. God. Where are we?" "Are you SURE your GPS is right?" "That must've been the wrong exit. There is no civilization here." I can't afford to travel to exotic locales (nor will my director allow me to take off the sufficient time) like Anthony Bourdain on CNN's "Parts Unknown," so naturally, the closest option is to wander into the wilderness that is Boulder Highway to try the elusive Frost Bites Shavery that until now has been nothing more than the mythical stuff of legend. "HELLO, THIS IS SANDY AND SUE. WE KNOW YOU GUYS CLOSE AT 8P AND IT IS ALMOST THAT TIME, BUT WE ARE ON OUR WAY SO PLEASE DO NOT CLOSE YET!" Yep. This is an actual voicemail that we left for the guys at Frost Bites as we attempted to maneuver around Hendertucky. So by the time we actually showed up, we were greeted with, "Are you the girls that left the message for us saying you were on your way?" You got us. There is a much larger selection of flavors here than another snow cream provider in town (starts with a "K," rhymes with "puma") and the toppings are fresh like the prince of Bel-Air. I opted for a regular black sesame flavor with mangoes and condensed milk. Happiness in a cardboard cup, I tell you! The snow cream was shaved in real ribbons and had a smooth flavor with no icy or gooey consistency. It was soft and fluffy and - believe it or not - was slow to melt in the 100+ degree weather. The two co-owners Will and Mike are incredibly friendly and were always asking how we liked it and what our opinions were about them moving to a more central location - hello, please see above for the traumatic experience we just had in getting to the boonies here. As much as I would like to whine about how unfair it is that Shirley B. is this close, I'd say I am now a new convert to the Church of the Holy Most Frost Bites Shavery, so I suppose it is not about where the church is located, but where the Holy Spirit is.
5	Hidden gems of creamy snowy ice!! The ribbons on delicious snow are so much better than regular shave ice from Japan or Hawaii. The best part is that when it melts you aren't left with a bunch of melting ice, but instead a creamy ice cream like goodness! You also get complimentary strawberry or regular condensed milk or chocolate/caramel syrups as a topping. They offer a punch card as well. The guy there was so nice and was very friendly. He came out and chatted with my friends and I. Was a great find and well worth driving to old town Henderson! Go and you will not be disappointed!
4	FINALLY a shaved snow place in Henderson! It seemed that shaved snow is a big thing in SoCal but not so much here. I know there's a couple places in Chinatown that serve it, but driving out 30 min isn't the most ideal. Not only is this place close, it's GOOD. Shaved snow is like thin ribbons of flavored ice as opposed to shaved ice which gives you small chunks of plain ice. So it ends up being super fluffy and creamy, which is why I love shaved snow so much more! This place offers a variety of flavors, such as mango, green tea, coconut, and black sesame. Each topping is an additional 50 cents, toppings include fresh fruits, mochi, or shaved coconut. Then you can get a "sauce" on top for free, like condensed milk or chocolate syrup. They also have a strawberry condensed milk, sounds interesting.We ordered a mango and a green tea. Since we had been craving it so much, we each ordered ourselves a large, go big or go home right? On the mango, we got strawberries and mochi as toppings. The snow was amazing! It had so much mango flavor and the owners even said they use real mango to flavor the ice. The texture was perfect too. The strawberries were very fresh and pretty sweet and the mochi was nice a soft, not old like it had been sitting for days. The green tea snow was topped with mango and again mochi. We weren't a huge fan of the green tea, there wasn't as much green tea flavor and it seemed a little muddy. The owners told us that they use actual green tea whereas places in SoCal tend to use just powdered green tea. But they also had to tone down the green tea flavor to appease other taste buds, trying to find a happy middle. Both were topped with condensed milk. One thing I really dislike about other places is that they tend to drown the entire thing with condensed milk. But here, you can ask them to go light on it and they really listen. When you look at the cup sizes, you think "man that's not that much, let's get a size up." But about half way through each of our larges, we realized they really give you a lot! We both kind of regretted getting 2 larges, only because we were going to eat dinner afterwards. If this were just an after dinner dessert, there's no way I'd be complaining about getting more. This place isn't exactly opened late enough to be an after dinner dessert. But I'm definitely coming back here, just have to make the trek out in the middle of the day.
4	I think I might be the first non-five star review for this place.It was good,  yes it was good. I was in love at first taste. And it is all fresh ingredients which is awesome. The texture of the fluff ice is creamy and smooth, compared to others in this area. The menu is full of variety with flavors from american to asian. Appealing to all.I ordered black sesame with condensed milk, mochi, oreo cookies and coconut. Delicious. I couldn't stop eating it. It was like smooth and creamy and delicious.We got the kiddo vanilla with chocolate sprinkles and condensed milk. Let me say, I am NOT a fan of sprinkles of any kind, but these sprinkles will convert you.My man got green tea with mochi and condensed milk. On point with flavor.But let me tell you why I didn't give 5 stars. No taro flavor. I get it. No popping pearls. Again, I get it. And they could have went a little heavier with the condensed milk topping. We ordered three different fluff ice on our visit and they were all very light on the condensed milk.Truth be told, I was going to give this place a five star review. That other location an update and downgrade them to three. So I am glad I waited to do this review. The only thing that makes this place better than the others in town is the texture of the ice. It is good, heavenly stuff in your mouth. You know it is fresh ingredients, all natural and just yumminess goodness in  your mouth.But this girl wants the option of Taro and popping pearls and red beans. I suggested an Ube Flavor, that alone would be make me definitely return. Don't hate me because I didn't give them a five.
4	First of all, Frost Bites is quite literally the COMPLETE opposite side of town for me, since I live in the deep NW.  45min drive sans bad traffic...sooooo far!  But rumors of moving closer into town at some point are met with welcome applause!I ordered the Black Sesame / Green Tea with Mochi, Strawberries, and Condensed Milk! I really like the Shaved Snow consistency, and the Black Sesame was great!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frost-bites-shavery-henderson?select=fF6hZijygkYrvoqhbngU9Q#fF6hZijygkYrvoqhbngU9QI didn't think the Green Tea had too much flavor.....It definitely has more flavor comparing to a few other spots in town though.Also, some of the Strawberries were a little unripened and tart, but overall it was great!  I love red, ripe strawberries, and these still had a little green/yellow on some of the pieces.  i know, sounds like nitpicking...probably is lol.And last thing, there wasn't a ton of condensed milk, but they did offer to add more halfway through out dessert.  Won't knock them for it, since they did offer to add more, but next time I will ask to go heavy on it initially.We will be back!  But I can't say I look forward to the drive :l
5	Las Vegas can get so hot most months of the year that you could expect there to be a plethora of frosty dessert options in the city.  For the most part, we do, but the variety of options has been pretty traditional (and some of it very excellent - think Snow Ono).Thanks to a newish invention out of Taiwan, the Snow Ice (aka: Shaved Snow, Fluff Ice, Snow Cream, Cotton Snow), which has since spread to Hawaii and the other Western States, and now we too finally have our very own authentic snow ice shop in Las Vegas. It is all thanks to Frost Bites Shavery's co-owners Will and Mike (that brought their business from Texas to the Silver State).  Even if it is located all the way out in the boonies for all that lives in the other corners of Las Vegas.  Seriously, following the direction on my GPS, I found myself eventually driving down a road that could easily be mistaken for a typical street in Gilroy or Union City, CA (circa 1987).  It was as if I am not even in Las Vegas any more.Anyway, back to this Snow Ice dessert place that operates out of a stationary (at the moment) trailer in a parking lot right off of Boulder Highway called Frost Bites Shavery (not to be mistaken for, I know I have, Frost Bite Shaved Ice).  It is not the first to attempt to serve this snow ice dessert in Las Vegas, but it is the most authentic attempt at recreating the same fluffy shaved snow that is very well known in Taiwan and Asia.After a recent trip to SoCal (Class 302 - the one that actually brought the Snow Ice movement to the US, and Tea Spot - a typical boba tea hangout) and also some comparison tasting of other LV based businesses (which I will not name) that have Snow Ice on their menu, I can say with absolute conviction that Frost Bites Shavery serves up the very best Snow Ice of all the places I visited.They are the best because:1) True passion - The people that are making the snow ice dessert are the same guys that invested months to research and perfect it, not some hourly employee that may or may not even know the correct/best practice method of making and serving it.2) The ingredients used are fresh, not some pre-made mix or formula utilizing artificial flavorings.  So it tastes better (although my brother was very satisfied with the artificial flavoring used to make the taro flavored snow ice at one of the SoCal spots during my taste testing journey).3) The texture of the dessert is spot on. It has the fluffy, airy, cotton candy melt in your mouth attributes that are found in authentic snow ice desserts. But just like real snow takes awhile to melt compared to ice, this dessert will not turn into a puddle as quickly as the other shaved ice desserts.4) Compared to even the original from Taiwan, I personally think it is at least on par if not superior to the original because of #2 (fresh ingredients). But no way anyone in the US can compete with fresh ripe and super sweet mango found in Asia, unless you are willing to spend the $$ to next day air freight it over.5) The choice of flavors (currently 8) is more numerous than the competition.  (Caution: There is not a direct correlation between the number of flavors offered and the business' approval rating)Green Tea - The best Green Tea flavor shaved snow I have tried of all the places I visited.Mango - Good, and pairs well with Coconut.Coconut - Nice flavor, but personally I would love it even more if the coconuts were toasted before infusing.Black Sesame - Very good, totally great on its own.Chocolate - reminds me of chocolate Fudgesicles I had when I was in elementary school.  Made with Ghirardelli chocolate.Vanilla - Made with real vanilla, not imitation flavoring.6) FBS's dessert is good enough on its own without the toppings or sauces. It is perfect for the snow ice purist.7) The option of selecting from 4 serving sizes that best suits your individual or party's needs is greatly appreciated. The competition offers just one or two sizes, most are too large for a small child to finish on his/her own.8) Ability to customize your order (base flavors, toppings), which surprisingly is not always an option at the competition.9) Price/Value Ratio is better for your wallet.10) Awesome friendly service. So if the fluffy shaved snow is the dessert you are looking for, look no further (although you will likely still have to drive a fair distance to get it in the near future).  If you are looking for the traditional shaved ice, well, this is not it. However, after you give it a try, you might find that you enjoy it just as much if not more.Final thoughts:  Good marketing and publicity will help make a good product commercially successful sooner. But the opposite is true as well, as nothing will help doom a business or product faster than the same good marketing and publicity.  Just sayin' not hatin'.Who is gonna host the next UYE at FBS?  Should carpool too.
5	I've only had shaved snow one other time, and I wasn't impressed which is why it took me so long to make my way to Frost Bites. But, the yelperazzi assured me that the original place I tried was not the real thing- so I had to give this shaved snow another try...And they were right! It's gooooood. It's reaaaallly gooood. Every time I see a check in/ photo/ new review in my feed, I am tempted to drop everything that I am doing and make my way over there just for a beautiful serving of perfectly shaved sheets of the black sesame with mochi, almonds, and condensed milk. It is really a piece of heaven. My daughter who loves all things strawberry- wanted the ex-strawbinerry with strawberries and strawberry condensed milk. And I ordered the mango with strawberries for my son. Everything was delicious. He kids devoured it. And so did I. When we arrived in the parking lot, there was already a long line- but I was surprised at how fast it moved. I was also impressed to see people finishing their serving on the spot, under the shade, and getting back in line to get another. It is really worth the drive. Just visit some other bookmarked Hendertucky joints- and I promise you too will be dreaming about this heavenly concoction!*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 47/100*
4	Late to the Frost Bites party, but I'm officially joining the fan club. I decided to make the very long trek  all the down to Boulder Highway to get my fix. All the hype is true, definitely some snow. I am no expert, but I know what I like and this was a treat. I decided on the green tea and strawberry with condensed milk, strawberries and mochi. The strawberry was fabulous, I'm a sucker for fruity flavors so of the two flavors this was my favorite. The green tea was a lacked a little flavor for me, but was still tasty. The toppings were great too. The texture was unlike anything I've had before, it's a little hard to describe but in a good way. The ice doesn't melt quickly, so it I didn't have to worry about eating it at lightening speed before it melted in the Vegas heat. I want to try cocount or mango next time for a change of pace, but I'll definitely be back.
5	What is this magical and mysterious concoction? On the way to frosty bites my friend had to explain it to me three times- I was like so its like shaved ice? NO WRONG- so like ice cream? again no wrong. Its like a snowflake that has gathered all its friends and formed a fluffy dance party of flavor and deliciousness. The owner/creator and the staff are so welcoming and personalized the experience. You can try different flavors, combine mix ins, and get a little drizzle of love on top.for reference I had black sesame with oreo and chocolate drizzle.
5	Great ice cream!  Unique flavors and friendly staff
5	Delicious! I came here to check this place out after much hype from fellow Yelpers. I must say the hype is true. The shaved ice cream was light, fluffy, refreshing and satisfying!  The strawberries we very fresh and added to the dish. Well worth the extra $.50. The one thing I would change are the spoons, to ones w/ a smoother edge on them. Overall great taste & satisfying! I'll be back!
5	Finally snow ice done right in Las Vegas!  No more waiting for Foodie Fest and Fluff Ice or Cali trips to get my fix.  So far I have tried Strawberry, Coconut and Green Tea.   All were amazing.  Yeah its far but they are working on a more central location and when they do they are going to blow up.  I can't wait.  The owners are the nicest guys and totally deserve much success.  It won't be long before we look back and say remember when they were in that little trailer on Boulder Hwy?
5	It was serendipity.  I was in the area when Roger T and Tony T were here so, I figured I'd get me some snow.  The truck is located on the side of Telus parking lot across the street from Trader Joe's. So, after trying their black sesame and green tea snow, I promised myself I'd try their mango snow.  I topped it with mango and strawberries and condensed milk drizzle.  I'm very picky with mango desserts or any mango-flavored things. It has to taste natural like fresh Asian mangoes, not the yucky artificial tasting Mexican mangoes!  I was very satisfied with what I got. Fluffy ribbons of mildly sweet snow with fresh fruits and sweet condensed milk...mmmmm...Mucho Mango snow had me singing..."every little thing I do you're on my mind".  I got to have me some more!  I forgot to ask if they have lids so I can take some to go.Will said they'll be at this location (Decatur and Obannon, on the side of Telus parking lot across the street from Trader Joe's) every Wednesday from 3-9pm or 10ish. Hooray! So people from Hendertucky and North, we can stop the whining! Everybody wins! Woohoo! The dynamic duo of Mike and Will are good peeps. They know my name...sweet! I personally like supporting underdogs may it be a basketball team or a business. So great job Frost Bites! *hearts*
5	Frost Bites hits the West side and I couldn't be happier. My first trek to visit them all the way on Boulder Highway was great, but having them on my side of town made giving them a another shot necessary. Even better than the first try. I tried the coffee with strawberries and chocolate sprinkles and my mom got the strawberry with strawberries. It was the perfect treat on this very hot summer day. Smooth and flavorful and yet still light and not too overly sweet. The perfect combination of flavors and texture. I can't wait for them to make their way to the best side permanently!
5	This is my new favorite thing. I am still not entirely sure what it is though, shave ice cream, or something else. But who cares. It's great.It's like they say, ice cream + shave ice= this greatness. It comes off into layers, like fillo dough, which make it very flaky and light. It's not too cold, and it actually is chewy if you are like me and shove a whole bunch in your mouth. I can't just let it melt. I have to chew it. I got the coconut flavor, very creamy and light, with mochi. They have four sizes, from kids to a huge monster size that I could not manage. Large was big enough for me to fill up on. They have a lot of flavors and toppings you can mix and match and make yourself an amazing treat :) Surprisingly, it doesn't melt very fast in the cup.
5	Finally came to see what the hype was about and oh my goodness am I glad I did! This is like heaven on earth! Coconut with strawberries and condensed milk, mmm! I also sampled the black sesame everyone is talking about, also delicious!  This place is awesome!
5	My wife and I loves this place and its so good unlike kuma, which it was too sweet and not fresh at all. I hope you guys relocate closer in the middle of town, but it's worth the drive!
5	Ok, there is nothing majestic going on here. It's just good, probably home-made, shaved... snow... cream... ice... stuff. Snow cream? Shaved cream?Let's cut to it: this is the best Vegas has to offer. Kuma looks bad in comparison because those guys should have known better. Everyone knows the difference. This is softer, more velvety. You get more for your money, and it tastes fresh. The people are nice behind the glass and you just get a quality dessert as a reward for your drive all the way out into the middle of nowhere.The black sesame was amazing. A combination of strawberry and coconut is very tasty with fresh fruit on top. Portions are generous. Get some! Raise your bar on this 120F-weather treat and taste this.
5	Frost Bites hits the West side and I couldn't be happier. My first trek to visit them all the way on Boulder Highway was great, but having them on my side of town made giving them a another shot necessary.Even better than the first try. I tried the coffee with strawberries and chocolate sprinkles and my mom got the strawberry with strawberries. It was the perfect treat on this very hot summer day. Smooth and flavorful and yet still light and not too overly sweet. The perfect combination of flavors and texture. I can't wait for them to make their way to the best side permanently!
5	I am a fan for sure.  This was my first time having shaved ice and it was wonderful and refreshing on this 100+ degree evening.  I got the black sesame with mochi and a drizzle of sweetened condensed milk.  Great!I'm glad they're going to be at the Telus parking lot for the foreseeable future every Wednesday from 3 to 10 PM.  I'll be back to try some of the other flavors and enjoy the chill it gives me on our warm summer days!There is a 30 cent charge if you pay with a credit or debit card instead of cash.  That's not a bad charge considering what some others sometimes charge.
4	I met up with the Vegas Yelp folks here for a UYE while I was in town.  This was only their second week venturing to the Westside. According to them, based on the growing customer base, they will continue to come on Wednesday evenings.  Shaved ice is traditionally flavored with fruit syrups but these folks have all sorts of different flavors and toppings and will even do two flavors in a serving.  Except when the weather turns cool I expect these folks to do well.As a note I decided to keep to a couple of simple flavors and had coffee topped with diced strawberries.  It was very good and I heard nothing but good things about all the combinations the other folks tried.
5	Finding this place, on the EAST side of town (for once), may be the greatest thing since I've moved here. Granted, I should've read the actual Yelp and realized it was a truck and not a brick and mortar establishment. It's parked right in the corner, you really can't miss it -- I still don't know how I did. Lolz. I thought Kuma was amazing, until I found this place. Although parked in the middle of Hendertucky (extremely convenient for me for once), I can finally get Asian desserts without driving into Chinatown!! There are 4 sizes from kid sized to some monstrous size that I can't imagine finishing myself. The kid size is a perfect size for one person and it's only a little over $2. There is a large variety of flavors from strawberry, to mango, to even, BLACK SESAME. I haven't had black sesame since I was back in the real Asian desserts central (SoCal) so I tried it and it was magical. They're really great on offering samples, which are like mini desserts themselves. For folks who are wary of trying something like this, it's definitely not a heavy or artificial taste. It tastes very fresh, kinda like coconut. I also got the green tea flavor, my go-to flavor to judge. It tasted just like real green tea, nothing artificial about it. Not too sweet, and just right. The bf got mango topping and I got the mochi. It's $.50 for extra toppings so I was cheap and only got one. It was enough but you can go crazy -- they really fill it up to the top and more so. The mangoes tasted extremely fresh. They went a little crazy with the condensed milk, but I can drink that stuff so it's all good by me. It was 100+ degrees out but we wanted to hang out outside to eat. They had three folding chairs set up and even as we ate, the guys inside popped his head out to ask if we wanted any extra toppings or sauce -- that's good customer service and insurance that we'll definitely be coming back. They're not that active on Twitter, but follow their Facebook page for updates on where they are because they're sometimes on the Westside. I wish they would post a weekly schedule up on there as well. Otherwise, wow, fan for life. If you open a store, please keep in mind there's a lot of people on the Eastside as well!
5	I would sign up to be the spokesperson for this business if there was not a line of Yelpers who are already doing so. I have few places that I go to for my light frozen treat. Besides one frozen yogurt shop and Frost Bites, I don't really go anywhere else when I need to cool down.The owners, Will and Mike, are friendly and engaging. It is nice to just chat with them as you are devouring their fresh ribbons of snow ice. I have tried all the flavors now and it is hard to deviate from matcha green tea or the black sesame. All the other flavors are delicious, but I will definitely pick my favorite child. This is one of the few new businesses in Vegas that I recommend everyone to. Some of the best combos I have had are:Coconut Delight with chocolate sprinkles and caramel sauce. Just like the girl scout cookies.Ex"straw"binary with fresh strawberries and strawberry condense milk.Smooth Green Tea with strawberries and condense milk.Black Sesame with almonds and condense milk.Mucho Mango with fresh mangoes and pineapple.
5	Same awesome frozen cotton candy-like treats made with all natural ingredients, except in a West side location (Decatur/O'Bannon - near Trader Joe's) once a week (every Wednesdays for the foreseeable future from 3-10pm) that is much more convenient for just about everyone not living/working near Old Henderson.The owners, Will and Mike, are friendly and passionate about their shaved snow treats.  New flavors are constantly being developed with the goals of adding additional flavors to the relatively large flavor selections.  Currently there are 8 flavors.If you need to cool down or just want to try the coolest dessert to hit Vegas, come check them out on Wednesdays or drive over to Old Henderson at their current location (not Wednesdays).Accepts credit cards as payment, but with a nominal $0.30 fee.-- 7 / 24 / 2013  U P D A T E --Banana(-Minion) is the newest flavor, and if you enjoy banana you will like this.  Had my paired with Mango and topped with condensed milk and strawberries.  It didn't last long.  While I was there, of course I met a few of the Yelpers that came by.  It was nice meeting you, Cresta I, in person for the first time.
5	Being Taiwanese and originally from SoCal, I love this stuff and I've been longing for a spot like this in Vegas for years.  There are a few other locations that try to do something similar but Frost Bites Shavery is defiantly the only one that serves the delicious, creamy 'shaved snow' that I've been searching for.  Frost Bites uses all natural ingredients for their flavors and with flavors like black sesame and coffeelicious in additional to the more traditional vanilla dream and green tea, you can't go wrong here. The only thing that could make it better is a permanent location on the westside closer to where I live but the once a week Wednesdays on the westside is a great start for now.
5	Those guys were super friendly and the shaved snow was AMAZING!!!! Never even heard of that and I just can't wait to come back for more of the Mango with fresh mangos. YUM!!!! So recommend it!!!
5	Gotta love this place as it started off as a couple of guys getting together to experiment if this concept would work. I'm glad you guys are killin' it!  There are flavors for everybody from the basic vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, to green tea, coconut and say what? Yes, black sesame. Also, they invented strawberry condensed milk, yes, it was done here first, strawberry condensed milk. They happily offer samples. I had a mango with mochi balls and condensed milk. And I ate the whole thing, as it was light and airy, but packed a ton of flavor and melted in your mouth evenly. I do admit, the hotter vegas gets, the better this stuff tastes, which is probably my conscience making me an excuse to drive all the way out to Henderson for a fix. These guys are super friendly and are more than happy to chit chat with a customer, thanks for keeping me company Duane!
4	This is different ugh very very unique. These people take ice and make it take ugh I don't quite know what to say because its not ice creme but its pretty close. Its ice that taste like water down Ice milk I want to say. Its like when you have a snow day and u take the ice and snow and try and make a snow cone. You would have to have a acquired taste for this. Also keeping in mind its ice. I ate a few bites and threw mine away. I drove from centennial hills to henderson just to get a taste. The people are nice who are employed their. From what I could see into the lil building everything is spotless.  I give it 4 stars total. I will go back and try it again.
5	What the heck is going on?  I am not a huge fan of the shaved ice thing. Too sugary, too syrupy, too trendy.  However, I have to admit, all the yelpers like Tony T, Christina W and Norm K were raving on this place.So I went trekking with the family in tow all over for a shopping Saturday and ended up at the only place I wanted to go - FBS.  I am hard to please and this place was pleasing for sure:a.  Selection - First I was confused because the menu seems to be similar to other shaved ice places. However, I went for the green tea, with kochi, mangos and strawberries.b.  More selections - Wife had Vanilla Dream with Oreos, Gummy Bear and condensed milk  Kids had Dutch Chocolate with Oreo, graham cracker and Condensed Milk, Dutch Chocolate with strawberry and Oreos, Vanilla Dream with coconut shavings and oreos.  Notice the oreo craze?  I had no idea.c.  What makes this place go...Simply the shaved ice or snow ice.  The difference is that when you order one of the flavors, the ice itself is the flavor that has been frozen. You are getting a milky rich smooth ice that is unlike shaved ice.  The texture is smooth, creamy, rich.  It's taste is subtle, but the ice is the color and texture of the flavor itself.  There is not flavored syrup, there is only flavored ICE.  The ingredients, the fruit, the choices seem so innocent yet they have the most subtle and profound impact.d.  The meaning of it all - What makes this place so cool is that unlike the syrupy sweetness of shaved ice, where the sugary flavors are overpowering and too sweet, this snow ice is quite different. Subtle, flavorful, real flavor, not sweet but sweet enough. None of that poor after taste and thirst.  Simply and subtly really cool.e.  Price - We had 2 kids, 3 regular for just around 20.00.  I cannot wait to go back.Only oddity is how this truck is parked in a rather odd strip mall.  I can think of a thousand places it can do better at. However, I am estatic to make the drive and trip here whenever I can!This place is all about quality,, uniqueness and awesomeness.   Check it out.GK
5	Ok, so after a few visits, I found some winning combinations!My most favorite shave so far is the Black Sesame flavor.  I would say this and the Mango shave have the most flavor out of all (IMO of course), and I've tried the Chocolate, Vanilla, Green Tea, Coffee, Strawberry etc...I think I've hit pretty much all of the original flavors.I've tried quite a bit of the toppings too...some goodies like oreos and mochi, down to the healthy stuff like pineapple, mangos, and strawberries.  I think being a glutton is best, so I'll stick with the sugary stuff :PAnd they have great condensed milk!  I've tried their chocolate sauce, but I much prefer extra condensed milk.  They are great at remembering my order too, and go heavy on it :PI can't say I'll ever be able to drive over to the Boulder Highway location, but I am pretty sure I can make it most Wednesdays to Decatur near Sahara!
5	Love this little shaved ice shack!  Met some yelpers for an afternoon frozen treat (new flavor, banana, was introduced today!) and was so glad I finally had a chance to check it out. It's like NONE of the other ice shacks in the valley.  It's fluffy, light and refreshing, but  so delicious and indulgent!  The flavors are subtle and natural - not that over-the-top, full of sugar and artificial crap stuff. I tried banana, which I loved (the owner, Mike, graciously gives samples - thanks Mike!) but ultimately went with mango.  So refreshing and delicious!  I chose the child size (which is already plenty big) but could have finished the huge one because it was so light and fluffy.  I didn't add any toppings except for a little of the free sweetened condensed milk and it was amazing as is.  Next time, I'm going to go all out with a larger size and some fruit toppings. I love that there is a canopy to escape from the sun if you want to enjoy your treat outdoors.  And they take credit cards (30 cent fee), which is convenient because I'm one of those people who rarely remembers to get cash from the ATM.  So glad that I got to experience banana's debut and can't wait to try more of the flavors!
5	It was really good and I really liked the coffee one. My mom got the coconut one and it was disgusting, but she said it was heaven and she wanted another one. I will go from California to Nevada just for this shaved ice. :D
