4	After getting over the sticker shock (and I wasn't paying), I sipped on water and chatted with my cousin for what seemed like an hour.He wisely ordered a salad, which held us over as the sun set, the seasons changed and my nephew made his way through elementary school.The Caesar salad had the perfect amount of dressing, quality lettuce and fresh-ground pepper. A small order was enough appetizer for two guys.The pizza finally arrived, and it was fantastic. We ordered a large white pizza with pepperoni, sun dried tomatoes, onions and sausage. The toppings were perfect, and the crust was divine. Grimaldi's only uses fresh ingredients, and it makes a world of flavor difference.One factor that annoyed me but pleased my cousin was the constant interruptions by the waitstaff."More water?""Everything OK?""Anything else?""How's that pizza working out for you?"How's the pizza working out for me? The hell?If you see my water empty, fill it. If I'm not complaining, everything's fine. You can ask me once about that. Don't cut off my dinner conversation with a repetitive interview.My advice: Call ahead and order your delicious pizza. You can skip the wait, avoid the waitstaff and save some bucks on tip.
5	Perfect pizza!  We practically had the place to ourselves so our service was attentive and efficient.If you like the chain places that make their pizzas in a kicked-up Easy Bake Oven with a conveyor belt, this place may not be for you.The pizza and house salad were made with high-quality, fresh ingredients and I thought reasonably priced.  Pizzas are priced similary, if not less than the chain places, and is a million-percent better.The small salad ($5) was a good size for 2 and included crisp romaine, mushrooms, red onions, terrific roasted red peppers and we added fresh mozarella for an additional $2.  The mozarella was so tasty!We ordered the 16 inch cheese pizza which was $13.  It was the best pizza I have every had, and I have eaten alot of pizza!  Thin crust was crunchy, but still a little chewy, the crushed tomatoes they used for sauce had a very nice tomato flavor, and we had 2 bubbles, which I've found you can only get at places that are cooking their pizza at high temperatures.The menu said they are opening a new location soon in Gilbert.I'll definitely be back whenever I'm in the area.  If I could have, I would have eaten there twice while I was there!
3	Alright, alright, calm down.  This pizza is good, but why do I always walk out with a $70 tab for 2 people, for PIZZA.  Come on!  We did get the tiramisu, but the waitress couldn't even confirm for us if they they made it in-house.  boooo.
5	The Second best pizza in the state of arizona.  need I say more?
4	Having eaten at Grimaldi's in Brooklyn, John's Pizza on Bleeker St and Lombardi's on Spring Street in Manhattan I can assure you this is the best pie in the valley. Service is a bonus (not a reason I eat there but nice anyway) but don't go for the atmosphere.
4	There is no better pizza in Arizona than Grimaldi's. I have never had anything bad here. We always get pepperoni, mushrooms and Ricotta. The caprese salad  is sooooo good. The cheesecake is awesome, even better than Cheesecake Factory. The service here can suck sometimes though. If you don't order a bunch of wine or booze, the wait staff puts you on low priority, which gets annoying. But other than that this place is awesome!
5	All I had here was a pizza, but that was enough for me to give this place 5 stars, b/c it's one of the best pizzas I've ever had!  =)Concept is easy: You pick your size & pay for the toppings you want. I had mushrooms, basil, pepperoni, and fresh tomatoes on mine.I can't wait to go back & try some of the other toppings. Maybe tomorrow!
5	This is the best pizza I have found in Az. I have eaten at a couple locations and they were both excellent.  The pesto pizza is one of my favorites and I like to try the specials they have. If you like a crisp thin crust pizza, you will love this place!
5	Absolutely my favorite pizza on the planet, and I've had zillions.  It's not any one thing that stands out, it's everything: the just-right crispy, thin crust, cooked quickly at some insanely hot temperature in their brick oven, their sweet sauce, the fresh toppings, the layered-on (not grated) mozzarella (which is actually cooked UNDER the sauce, we've been told). I like to plop down at the bar and chow down right there, while sucking down a cocktail. Staff always friendly and prompt.  I've had better experiences here than in Scottsdale or the new location in Gilbert.. Scottsdale has too many tables jammed very close together, and something's just not quite the same with the pizza in both other places, though it's very close. Can't recommend this place highly enough, I could  eat there 3-4 times a week!
5	Look.  If you like only Chicago style pizza, don't go here.  Also, you're a moron.  Also, the Cubs will never win the world series and the Bears eat a dick.For the rest of us, this pizza is absolutely sublime.  Things that set it apart: the coal brick-oven makes the crust perfectly crispy on the outside and bready on the inside.  The crust is hand-tossed, not too thin but certainly not too thick.  The sauce actually looks like it's made from real tomatoes, not tomato paste.  The mozzarella cheese is actually real mozzarella cheese, not part-skim junk.  The pepperonis are small and crispy around the edges.  This is what it's all about.They have a magnificent pesto pizza and decent salads.  The cannoli is brilliant.  But what I suggest, humbly, to you is to take a friend or two to your nearest Grimaldi's and enjoy the best (except Pizzeria Bianco, which isn't a fair comparison) pizza you can buy in the city.  Plus, they have a more-than-respectable bar.One other thing: you New Yorkers can kiss my ass too, because I know you think your city's the shit also.  Well it isn't.
5	If you like your pizza thin and crispy, this is the place. NY Style pizza is the best. Less dough and more of the good stuff.. My wife and I prefer the pepperoni with ricotta..The Caesar salad is good.. .. Decent selection of wines.. If you are looking for pasta.. don't come here.. Pizza and ONLY pizza!!
3	a bit priceythe personal pizza starts at $9 and then each topping ranges from $2-$4.I added sweet red peppers, pepperoni, calamata olives. very tasty but idk.we split a small caesar, i had a tea and the pizza, my total was just over $25 including tip.
4	New Yorkers always think their city is the greatest city on Earth... Last week I was in Philadelphia and had a conversation with a guy from New York who went on and on about how New York is the perfect city and everything was planned perfectly,, yada yada yada.  I kept saying "yep, yep" .... Whatever.   I gotta admit though, their pizza is the best. New York just knows how to do pizza right.  Chicago pizza is garbage, that thick crust sits in the bottom of my gut and I can usually only get one or two pieces down.So I went to Grimaldi's last week because I had seen the owner on the food network talking about how the secret to good pizza is in the water and Grimaldi's has the water they use to make the dough altered in a lab to match the hardness of the water in New York City. I thought to myself, this guy takes pizza seriously and in Arizona  good pizza is hard to find.  There are a lot of chains, and most of the mom and pop places just aren't up to par.   Grimaldi's pizza was awesome! I think it's the combination of cooking it in a coal brink oven, using real mozzarella cheese, and real tomatoes for the sauce.  The crust is fantastic; very light and thin.  The cheese is clearly fresh and delicious, and the tomato sauce was very mild, not too sweet, but not bland by any means.  I ordered a large pie with pepperoni and extra basil...  magnificent!  The pepperoni slices were small and slightly crispy around the edges, the basil was fresh... overall the pizza was just awesome.   I will go back for another pie.  Just a sidenote, the bar has a nice selection of beer a spirits.. just a another plus about Grimaldi's.  I would definitely recommend Grimaldi's to anyone looking for good pizza.
3	Great pizza, weird menu set up. I would have though that a pizzeria would have their own little creative pizzas, but they dont. They give you a 8 1/2 by 22 inch menu that has plain pizza sizes and prices then toppings below that are $2 each , salads , sodas, desserts. We ordered a small pepporoni with ricotta cheese, DEEELICIOUS!!!Our waitress, very blah. I'm in the bar industry and i dont know if she was having a bad day or just hated her job but she def. wasn't attentative as she should have been. I had a cranberry juice and a water and both were empty most the time, she never refilled my drinks, I had to ask the busser to do it and it happily did it. Also, I noticed she delieved pizzas to her other tables and put a piece of pizza on each persons plates at the tables but ours....no big deal but again, strange. She also never made eye contact when talking to us, which I found odd.. I'll probably go to the straight to the bar next time, or get pizza to go.A Plus, Tuesdays are 1/2 off wines! I went on a Tuesday but unfortunantly for me I was taking the day off from drinking lol.
4	I am not a big fan of thin crusted pizza, but it was very good and the full bar helps.
5	The claim to fame for Grimaldi's is the crust, which is not bad.I really enjoyed the toppings much more than I expected! The sauce is slightly sweet but not cloying, generously applied but not soupy. The cheese is obviously a fresh whole milk mozzarella, very tasty! And the pepperoni was good and zesty!Having had the pie carryout and dine-in, I have to recommend dine-in for the freshness of the experience. The crust does lose a little something after sitting in a box for awhile. Overall I would give the pie a 9/10 for an above average pizza.After the closure of Zza's in downtown Chandler, Grimaldi's is now my favorite pizza place. Man I wish I could get delivery here!
2	So, I too am a pizza freak. Grew up in NYC and Florence Italy. I have had pizza all over the world. I'm just not seeing Gramaldi's as having good pizza. First time I was looking foward to it, having had heard so much about it. I was very disapointed. So, I brought some of my family. Again, not impressed and neither were they. As much as I would like. Just can't give it the thumbs up.
5	Friday night is pizza night at our house.  We just moved to Chandler so we are now exploring all the new places we have to eat and we has seen Grimaldi's earlier that day and decided to go back and give them a try.  We were greeted and seated promptly near the kitchen so my daughter could watch them making the pizza.  It was busy and the pizza looked amazing.  It's just pizza and salad on the menu.  I always say find something and do it well......and Grimaldi's has done just that.  We started with a Cesear salad and I must say, it was the best Ceasear I have had in years.  The lettuce was nice and fresh, lots of croutons and parmesean.......excellent!  I could not wait for the pizza....and it was everything I expected.  A beautiful thin crust with a wonderful consistency and flavor.  Devine.  Heaven. Delicioso!  I'm so glad we live close by.  The food is great but I want to talk about the staff for a moment.  I observed the manager running a very tight ship.  She was in and out of the kitchen keeping on eye on the staff and making sure people were doing what they should be doing and what needed to be done.  Before we left, my daughter needed to use the restroom.  I could hear someone talking on their phone in the restroom.  The manager walked in and waiting for someone to get out of the stall.....it was the young hostess.  The manager told her to get off the phone and get back to work. This is the first time I have ever witnessed something like that in a restaurant.  And good for that manager!!  The young hostess was probably 18 or so.  Work ethic is so sadly lacking in a lot of teenagers today.  This manager was on the ball and I'm sure that's part of what makes this a great place!
3	Nice service, Average pizza. If you are in this nieghborhood and want REAL NY Pizza, try Buonos on the NWC
5	By far best pizza in Chandler, AZ.  I love the thin crust and the coal ovens give the pizza a great taste.  My boys and I love the pizza here.  My wife thinks the pizza is a little salty.However - I wouldn't order pizza from anywhere else given a choice.They never have coupons- and that is because its worth every penny.Pizza is thin and ingredients are fresh.
5	Food, food, food.  Having lived in Brooklyn Heights a couple of blocks away from the original Patsy's under the Brooklyn Bridge, I bring a pretty accurate ruler to measure the worth of this pizza joint.Ain't America great?  Who could have guessed that some of the family would move out to the Phoenix area and manage to bring the pizza magic with them?While visiting today we went and had great pizza, great Caesar salad, great beer on tap.   The pizza crust is really the secret - they make it perfectly thin and tasty.  The toppings are highest quality as well.  We had a plain, which is great, and a pepperoni and mushroom, which was even better.  The salad was surprisingly tasty.  No little fishies observed, but that is OK with me.  I had the Fat Tire on tap - get it when you can - perfect with pizza.My compatriots had a slice of cheesecake (huge and delicious), and a tiramisu (not really my thing, but they swore it was great).  Patsy's, I mean Grimaldi's, is worth the drive.  I eat here whenever I come to Phoenix.  Yum.
4	Actually really good pizzas.  We live way closer to the san tan location but I believe they are franchised.  The reviews at this location were better and we were driving by it.  The iphone yelp app is always useful.  One pizza was sausage, mushroom, and olives with no cheese (dairy issues) and the second was jalapeno, mushroom, and pepperoni.  That one had cheese.  A side salad as well.  Good food.  Will go back from pick up.
4	I've heard good and bad about Grimaldis, but I love all styles of pizza so I had to try it.  If you are looking for good brick oven pizza, Patsy Grimaldi's is a nice choice.  This is a nice joint with a relaxing atmosphere and good service, but I still much prefer the other NY style pizza joint La Piazza al Forno.  Don't get me wrong, Grimaldi's is good and we will definitely go there again, but the menu is limited in comparison.  Grimaldi's only offers salads and pizza.We had the Caesar Salad, which was excellent!  Very fresh lettuce and the parmesan cheese was delicious.  Easily among the best caesar salads I've ever had and reasonably priced.  My wife and I shared the small and there was plenty.We then ordered a large Italian Sausage / Pepperoni.  This was a very good quality pizza with fresh ingredients.  Perfectly cooked!  I found the pepperoni to be quite different as they were sweeter than most and very small in diameter.  We also ordered the white pizza, which is mozzarella, garlic, basil, oil and absolutely delicious.  Again though we prefer the La Piazza's take on the white pizza, but this was also very good.Also you must try the NY Cheesecake, awesome.Oh and to the douchebags who go out of their way to talk trash about Chicago and Chicago pizza, go fuck yourself.
4	I think the pizza here is some of the best I've had, and I ate a lot of pizza in Italy too. Grimaldi's could use a small price adjustment. I would go there far more often if they were 15-20% lower on the price. They'd still be more expensive then the normal NYPD and such but it would be worth the cost... as it is right now, I eat there once every 6 months since it is expensive for pizza. Picazzo's is of similar quality and price (except when you use Restaurant.com certificates it is a better price). Grimaldi's is closer so I go here more often.
3	the pizza is good, but somehow doesn't quite taste the same as the original in brooklyn. great job on the crust though and if i ever went back, i'd get just the original pizza, which comes margherita style.
4	And with the will power of a drunken sailor in a port-of-call full of bevvy opportunities, I found myself docked at a table with several friends one night after church, contemplating the levels of temptation a dieter would have to endure.  Having been successful at withstaining from all fats and sugars for over 28 days upon arrival to Grimaldi's, my power to resist was waning because of the smell of dough, red gravy, and fennel implanted sausage!   Great service added to the inability to resist this illegal per diet restriction meal, and I sat muted as my 8 friends ordered a variety of pizza's for the table.  All pies are thin crust and just floppy enough to pass the aHHthentic test.HOW DID I GET OUT  OF THERE NOT HAVING TAKEN ONE BITE?!HOW CAN I DO THE YELPING COMMUNITY A SERVICE WITHOUT ACTUALLY DINING?I know!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!But I can tell you that I was one pizza sniffing chick that night.  I smelled everything!  I believe I smelled a salad also!  It was all so fresh and delightful and the way that I would have wanted pizza outside of the Mid-Atlantic region to look and smell.  Could the taste be far off?  I can't yet know.  Blame my doctor.  But I tell you... I will be looking at Grimaldi's with desire until this darn detox is over and I WILL  update this post with my taste bud test!  STAND BY...
2	Great pizza but service was well below average. With only two other tables active in the restaurant, you would think that the service would have been much better. Seemed like we were inconveniencing the staff by being there. We arrived at about 2:30 and waited to be seated for about 5 minutes before being taken to our table. We sat there for another 10 minutes before our order was taken. We received our drinks soon after and wouldn't se a refill until after our food was completely gone and the bus boy had taken all of our dishes away. At that point, the server asked if we wanted desert and mumbled something about padding his tip before dropping the bill off. This was my first experience at this restaurant and I have to say that it didn't live up to the expectations. For the money, $30 for a pizza three drinks and tip, I could have had much better service and equally as good pizza at NYPD or Bell Italia. You will not find me visiting this restaurant in the near future.
3	It's pizza, decent pizza NY style in a coal fired oven. Why must this always be a fancy, pricey meal outside of NY? The pizza is thin, the crust has a bit of a crispness to it. The cheese is well melted and right at the edge where the fats start to separate from the cheese. The options for toppings is vast, and they are also a way to quickly make your pizza pricier than frois grois stuffed Kobe fillet. Keep this in mind, you may be better off ordering a speciality pie than adding garlic, ricotta and tomatoes to your standard pie unless you like to spend 20+ for a thin large pizza that can marginally feed 3. As with any upscale pizza experience they offer a wide selection of marked up wines. The service and atmosphere is decent with a small lake out back that also has a view of a main road. I would like this place more if the prices were more in line with the product.
4	Summary: Delicious New York style (super thin crust) pizza at a decent price. The Food:  Delicious Pizza. Thin Crust. Gourmet toppings.  FRESH mozzarella. Cheese quality is a huge determining factor when assessing good pizza; their cheese is amazingly fresh and delicious.    The Atmosphere:  Beautiful restaurant with a great water-bridged patio.  Eat outside. The Staff:  Our waiter was kind of a tool. He was friendly enough, but left stacks of dirty plates on our table, left our drinks empty for long periods of time, and relied on his fellow servers to run all of his food.  However, everyone else was quite helpful and friendly.
4	Came here for lunch and had the calzone and salad combo and it was very good. The portion sizes are just right and the food is tasty!
5	What can I say? AWESOME PIZZA! Some of the best pizza in the entire valley can be found right here in Chandler. Quick tip:  They can be a little skimpy with the cheese so the wife and I always order the pizza with extra cheese and extra pepperoni. If you get it that way you will swoon with pizza ecstasy I guarantee it. Also the canole's are to die for! The only other pizza place that comes close to this is at Casanova Brothers in Gilbert.
5	Best pizza in Chandler if you like thin NY style. For pan/ Chicago hit Oregano's. Anyway, the ingredients are primo. I like the pepperoni (small but slightly thick and very flavorful) and sausage. The mozzarella is prime but placed intermittently so order extra chesse if you like your pie completely covered. We have eaten here several times. They will give the kids some dough to play with which keeps them occupied. Salads are tasty also.In summary: Patsy is the bomb !!!!
5	Excellent pizza! It lives up to the hype! To rank my top 3 pizzerias in the PHX metro area is as follows: 1) Grimaldis 2) Rosatis 3) NYPD (actually- just as good as Rosatis, IMO, just differently made and I like them for different reasons. Cibo & Pizzeria Bianco are tied for 4th in my book. The dough at Grimaldis is excellent. Airy and crispy and not burnt on the bottom. Cheese is really tasty and is laid down as thin slices, not shredded like most pizza places. The pepperoni and sausage were very flavorful and juicy. The sauce was not too sweet nor tart. Perfect balance. Too bad this place is soo far away or I'd visit more often. Service was great and you can't leave without trying their famous canolis at the end. Came across these bad boys at a wedding convention and was sold. Even better straight from the restaurant. A+. I will be back. You can keep your 3 hour wait at Bianco.
4	Grimaldis gets a big yay from me. The pizza is flavorful, fresh and very very yummy. I love the crust its thin but not too thin, the sauce is just right and the toppings are plentiful. Only thing is, my pizza gets cold by the time I've finished scarfing down the first two slices. We normally get two pizzas, one for each, and I just wonder if mine comes out first and sits there a few minutes before the other comes out. Almost everytime we go my pizza is on the cooler side. So I guess that would be my only complaint. The cannoli is reallllly good too, a definite must try. When the weather is pleasant, sit outside on the patio that over looks the water, very nice. So if you're looking for a good pizza and a nice restaurant, Grimaldis is a place to try.
5	Amazing
5	Dickson Hiney this is good. The positive externalities that comes from the combination of sausage, pepperoni, and ricotta is mind bottling.
5	Really good, nicely charred thin crust pizza. I especially like the little pepperonis they have. I brought some out of town visitors here and they thought it was great. They tried PB on their last visit and thought this was better. And of course the no wait made it that much better.
5	Best Pizza in Phoenix!  I already knew this, that's why we suggested it for my pizza lover brother-in-laws birthday dinner. We came here for a birthday with a party of almost 30.  We called a few hours in advance and since their party room was free they were more then happy to reserve it for us.  The service was awesome with such a hectic group, mostly paying separate checks, the waitress always had service with a smile and our drinks were always full.  There were several kids in our group, this totally could have been a disaster anywhere else but at Grimaldi's it was great service and excellent food as always.
4	If you are in the mood for great thin crust pizza this is it !!!  I have been trying to find somewhere as good or better but I keep coming back here.  Now there maybe better places in Scottsdale, but why drive 30 minutes when it can't be that much better. My only less than 5 star experience was when I ordered a pie with kalamata olives and they make it a little soggy, I just think they didn't drain them enough.  We try and sit in Matt's section he is always friendly and full of suggestions. This is a no frills pizza and salad place that reminds me of Italy.
5	Great Pizza.  So fresh.
5	Well I have to say I was very impressed with this establishment.  Well run, nice staff, great new york style pizza.  Very good quality ingredients and very tasty sause.   All their pizzas come in your choice of three different  sauce styles (regular, white and pesto).  Not sure that I can say whether I like it better than florencia's, its just different.  But if you're into new york style pizza I've yet to find a better spot in phoenix.*doesn't serve coke products
4	I love this place. I also frequent the Scottsdale location.
5	I'm not a huge fan of pizza, but man the thin crust is to die for.  The garlic on top of the pizza is delish!  Had the 'white pizza with garlic sauce' last week and this week tried the tomato based sauce.  Both were very good.  I'm definately going to be a regular at Grimaldi's.
4	After I wrote my review on Pizzeria Blanco I received a message from a fellow Yelper recommending Grimaldi's. At that same time I was reading reviews for Grimaldi's at a different location so I just had to give it a try (this location was on my way). I don't know if this really qualifies as NY pizza, maybe NY style pizza but it's hard to judge on a individual sized pizzas. I went here for lunch and was in the mood for sausage and green peppers. I don't know if I can trust a pizza place that doesn't have green peppers, they have roasted red peppers but I wanted green peppers. I was disappointed. I was also disappointed about the dirty plate, it was replaced fast enough but I expect the plates to be looked at when they are setting the tables. I would have only given this restaurant 3 stars due to the dirty plate and the lack of green peppers if it wasn't for the fast friendly service and the good pizza. The pizza I ordered was pepperoni and mushrooms, it was very tasty and cooked better than the pizza I had at Pizzeria Blanco and I didn't have to wait for over 2 hours!
1	I am surprized to see the great reviews for this establishment.  I have never seen the price for a simple pizza add up so fast. I went inside to order a pie to go ( with Jalepenos). I watched as the cook sniffed the container of Jalepenos , made a face and then dissapeared in the back with the container . I am not sure to this day what that was all about but it certainly put me off pizza for a while.
5	I have lived in many different states and I can honestly say this is the best pizza place. Everytime we vacation in AZ we go to Grimadi's almost everyday!
4	Almost as good as the New york location.  Wish we could have one in San Diego.
4	took LEANNE S's advice and decided not to wait 4 hours (literally, we showed a little after 5 pm and the hostess told us not before 9 pm) at the PHOENIX pizza hot spot. turns out she was right -- this place definitely satisfied.PATSY GRIMALDI's is very old school. the FRANK SINATRA photos behind the hostess desk and OLD BLUE-EYES crooning on the sound system were a dead giveaway ...their coal-fired oven produces an excellent crust, from a technical perspective probably the best i've ever eaten -- thin, crispy and perfectly cooked.the sauce ("raw" style alert in case you're overly partial to the long, slow simmered variety) goes on top. this is not a style for fans of bloated, soggy (super-sized) pizza piled high with toppings and big, greasy blobs of cheese.two personal pizzas fed four with some left over. service was attentive. if you're a pizza minimalist (like me), i haven't found anybody that does it better.
4	My soon to be wife and I had our first date here, I won her over with pizza and had her take a slice of cheesecake home for her Mom, that's how you do it boys. While this location isn't quite as "jazzy" as the Old Town spot, it is still awesome and has, in my opinion, perfect pizza. Yep, I've eaten at pizza places all around NYC and the country in general, and Grimaldi's is my favorite. Coal-fired, thin crust perfection. Throw in a good mix of old jazz music and a good wine list and you have a recipe for awesomeness. My fave is the pesto pizza with ricotta and sausage... heaven. They have good salads too, but who cares? The Chandler Grimaldi's is fantastic, four stars for sure, but if you have the option, hit up the five star Old Town location in Scottsdale, but you can't lose either way.
4	Even though it is a chain, it doesn't taste like it. Great pizza and a nice atmosphere here. The patio is superb.
5	We love Grimaldi's, and get the same thing every time!Pepperoni, Sausage, and Red Onions.... MmmmmWe used to live in SE Chandler, so this used to be the closest Grimald's to us. And we used to frequent it quite often. My husband even signed up for an email sign-up list or something, and with his birthday this location sent him a free large 1-topping birthday pizza. So.... we made the trek again down to Chandler. Love the pizza, as always. Weather was nice tonight, but due to my allergies we dined indoors. We did notice that they've expanded the patio area though here -- much larger, so now you can have larger tables. Yes, thin pizza which we love. But Grimaldi's is all about the coal brick oven. So, unlike Napoletana-style pizza's... the crust has a bit of chewiness and crunch throughout. (Unliike Napoletana which can sometimes bit soggy in the middle.) Also few "blisters" in the crust, but not charred per se like Napoletana. They use good quality ingredients. Love the mozzarella, and the pepperoni is pretty good. Adequate wine list. And love the Lavazza coffee. Yes, younger staff here. But everyone is friendly and the pizza's awesome!
5	I am one step closer to completing my goal.  I want to visit every Grimaldis in the US before I die.  After tonights visit to this one, I have most of AZ taken care of.We decided to come here because we had never been to this one.  We arrived and were seated right away.  Surprisingly this one wasn't crowded at all and that was fine by us.  We got a small caesar salad, a small pepperoni and garlic, and a personal white pizza with roasted red peppers.  A few minutes later we got our salad.  It was really good.  Just enough dressing, lots of cheese and croutons.  It was a good starter.  A few minutes after that, our pizza came out.  If you have read my other reviews, you will know that I think Grimaldis is the best.....this pizza was no different.  I really liked the white with roasted red peppers.  Everything was delicious and even though there was some doubt we could finish off 2 pizzas, I turned on my inner fat boy, and finished off all the pizza.  It was tough, but someone had to do it....little kids are starving in Africa somewhere....lll be damned if I'm going to waste some slices of this amazing pizza.  Down the hatch it went....my stomach doesn't like me right now because its so full, but he will forgive me once he doesn't get any of this delicatessen back in San Diego LOL.
2	So I finally broke down and tried Grimaldi's pizza. One thing I've learned about living in the Phoenix area is to never have high expectations for any restaurant, that way, you'll never leave disappointed. Grimaldi's fulfilled my low expectations and was mediocre in every way.To start, the pizza crust was good, crispy throughout and bubbled up around the edges, as one would expect from a brick oven pizza. However, there was no discernible flavor to the crust, so, who cares.Now for the sauce. The most bland, flavorless, nothing of a sauce that makes a person wonder if the chef understands that there is something called "spices" that can be added to food to enhance flavor. Whatever happened to the sauce being the secret to a dish? Here is a note: Oregano, basil, thyme, rosemary, marjoram, etc. are spices that Italians love to use in their food -you should try them. Or maybe just begin with salt and pepper.
4	Great Pizza. The salad is good too but the pizza is better. I gave it four stars because I think it is a bit over priced for pizza but its definitely good.
5	Everyone has a favorite pizza joint. Grimaldi's isn't really a joint it's a bit more upscale, nice atmosphere and this location in Chandler is awesome to eat at on the patio (when it isn't 115 degrees outside). The pizza is thin crust, full-flavored and it's easy to scarf an entire pie without even realizing it.If you have outta towners looking for a good place to go for authentic pizza and good service, Patsy Grilmaldi's is the place to go. Hand's down.Robert Pfeifer
5	They have my favorite pizza around.  Thin, with fresh quality ingredients.  The cannolis are also top notch.  I usually order pick up but have eaten at the location.  Service is always friendly and prompt.
5	this is by far my favorite pizza restaurant.  We have never once had a bad experience here, and the food is always amazing.  They do have a full bar, with a tv in that area.  The outdoor seating is very nice and overlooks a man-made pond.  The service is always very quick, and the pizza tastes amazingly fresh.  We have been here 10+ times and absolutly love it.  If you want my suggestion for a topping, try the meatball.  We normally do Meatball, peppers, onions....its literally perfect, the sprinkle some of the garlic powder on it (you have to ask for the garlic powder)
2	I've had Grimaldi's saved in my bookmarks for awhile, and this Saturday I found an excuse to go. Family dinner night! I was in charge of figuring out where to eat and since we were all craving pizza and my mom was paying, I chose this place. By the end of the night, most of my family was a little ticked off at me for my choice. I was super excited to try this place based on the reviews, and I am really sad that it did not live up to my expectations. I was literally expecting some of the best pizza I have ever had in my life. We come in around 7pm and its busy but we still manage to get a table right away. None of us order drinks because I think we all looked at the price of the pizza and figured this was going to be pretty expensive. We decided on two small pizzas: one half pepperoni (for my sister) and half mushroom, the other with the sweet roasted red peppers. The service was a little strange. Our waiter didn't make eye contact all night. He looked at other tables, at his paper, or down at the floor when he talked to us. Was there something on our faces? I don't know, but it was really odd. The guy that delivered the pizzas to our table was nice though, and he served us all our first slice. I thought that was a nice touch. He was also very willing to get us new plates right away when the ones at our table were dirty. The pizzas did not take long to come out, but I was a little surprised by them when they did. I literally couldn't tell the pepperoni or the red peppers from the sauce. The pepperonis were the tiniest I have ever seen. I didn't get any feedback from my sister or my husband on whether or not these were any good, so I am assuming they were either ok, or kind of boring. The mushrooms were flavorless and really thin. I think on my slice of pizza there were four mushrooms. Sad day, I love mushrooms. I am a little bit bothered by the fact that they still charge you $2 per topping even if you only get it on half of the pizza. Considering as well the toppings were tiny and hard to see. The red peppers were even more of a let down. $4 for that option as a topping. They were flavorless as well. And again, really sparse. The pizzas in general were really lacking in the flavor department. I tasted no specific spices, let alone no salt. The cheese was really bland as well. How can you have bland mozzarella? It seemed impossible to me. So by the end of the meal my whole family was annoyed with me because we could have gone to any other pizza place and gotten 3 times as much pizza for half the price. Two small pizzas with essentially two (marginal) toppings cost $40. No drinks, no wine, no salad, no desert. My mom didn't say it, but she wasn't happy either, since she paid. Sorry mom, but don't worry I wont make that mistake again.
2	Pizza isn't half bad....but it's way overrated, and overpriced. If I want good pizza there are plenty of places I would think to go before Grimaldi's.
5	Love this place!!! I've been to the original in Brooklyn quite a few times and Grimaldi's is a favorite of mine. I happened to be in Arizona over the weekend and went to this version of Grimaldi's and it was just as good as the original in Brooklyn... for quality pizza you'll definitely have to check this place out, its awesome!!!
5	I have tried the other well known Pizza places featured on the Food Network and local magazines and still Grimaldi's makes the BEST PIZZA HANDS DOWN! The Pizzas are consistent and so delicious, also the service has been great. Another thing they have shown that means a lot is there attentiveness to customers.After going there my first couple of times, I noticed the slices being poorly cut/uneven in size. Maybe its my OCD?, but I mentioned it to the manager and she took notice and since then every pizza has been sliced to perfection. I really appreciate a place that makes great food and respects opinions by customers.I have been happily fulfilling my pizza graving every sunday. I am definitely hooked on there Pizza!
4	Great Pizza joint.Upscale, with a side of small back east pizza joint. Food is consistently good no matter when I go. Great view on the Patio in Chandler (Only one I have been to so far)Flavorful and about average price wise. Would absolutely go back again.I have to try out there other locations, Gilbert would be my next stop.
4	Great atmosphere.  Pizza is above average.
5	Brooklyn style pizza (the only real pizza) at it's absolute BEST. Half the spots in Brooklyn don't even match Patsy Grimaldi's. Don't waste your money or risk your tastebuds on any imitations...The margarita (fresh tomato, mozzarella and basil) is my favorite, and most purists will agree a good pizza rarely needs more. Also a great wine selection, service, and atmosphere. This location is my favorite, however they are all great and consistently high in quality and service.
5	Simply the best thin crust in AZ period.  Sit at the bar with a glass of Wine and the always friendly bar staff.
4	I love Grimaldi's and this one is the closest to my house.  I take everyone who visits from out of town there.
4	Love love love Grimaldi's. Wood fired pizza is so tasty!
5	Some of the best pizza I've ever had. The sauce is amazing. Every time I'm in town I get the sausage and pepperoni with extra sauce.There's nothing else to say, really. Go here for good pizza.
5	Some of the best pizza we have had in AZ.  We're from Jersey, and we're picky pizza eaters.  Great Layer Cake Primitovo wine on the wine list...you don't find that at many pizza places, so somebody there knows their wines.  The small salad can feed two as an appetizer.  The Caprese salad has nice big pieces of fresh Mozz, and firm tomatoes with big fresh Basil leaves...not those little pieces of Basil.  Only complaint is that they don't have a Cappuccino maker!!!  They need to get a really nice Cappuccino maker to really call themselves a true Italian restaurant.
4	Simply good pizza.  Doesn't need any toppings, but i added meatballs.  Nice looking restaurant also.  I stop by when ever i am in AZ.  In NY, i go to lombardis, but Grimaldi's is also good there.  THe cannoli in AZ is also good.  Crispy, not soggy and the filling was good.
5	Best Pizza in AZ!! I love the flavors of their NY thin crust pizza. I always start with the caesar salad and I love the anti pasta. If your counting calories take the dressing on the side and best pizza is the cheese because the liquid in the toppings make the crust soggy so I suggest without any toppings. Also they have some beer on tab from euro that i forgot the name but real good.
1	it has been over a year since I visited this hole of a restaurant, but my experience is what counts. The staff was confused and slow to visit our table, the pizza might be the most boring bland pizza I have ever had. The soda didn't taste right and the place was a total mess. To top it off the price was a bit high for something that can't even compete with Peter Piper. I would not go back to Grimaldi's if someone gave me a gift card. Try Prima Pizza sometime ... behind the Taco Bell on Val Vista and Baseline. It is a dive, but the pizza is simply amazing.
4	Great story! Great Pizza! We visited Grimaldis on our vacation October 2011. Got to hear the Grimaldis history and story from the original brooklyn pizza days. Coal brick oven pizza is amazing. If you need a pizza fix in Arizona this is it!! We will be back
3	I probably have been to this restaurant 15 to 20 times in the last 4 or 5 years.  They make a pretty good pizza.  I enjoy the crust as well as some of the toppings like pepperoni and sausage.  I have had better sauce however and the cheese could be a bit more flavorful as well. As others have indicated, their prices tend to be on the high side.  I particularly dislike the fact that they charge the same amount for a topping regardless if it is on a half or the whole pizza.I also have had their white pizza and was not that impressed.
5	Awesome place! Our service was very nice, on top of taking care of us. The dough for the kids was a hit! The salad and anti pasti were wonderful, fresh, high quality. The pizza was perfect! Dough, sauce, cheese... each amazing! :)
3	Good pizza but can be a little oily/greasy.  Not really sure what else to say here.
4	Review is based on phone order and pickup.I got off my plane after a 12hr day on planes and in airports and was craving a thin-crust pizza .. only because Grimaldi's was so conveniently advertised on the display board above the Alaskan Air baggage carousel :)  Talk about great advertising.. it sure hooked me!Anyway, we did a phone order for a small pizza that was half Pesto chicken (for me)  and half marinara (for hubby) with other toppings of his choice.  The gal said 40min from the time of our call and, sure enough, 40min later, our food was ready.  My husband liked the ambiance inside while he waited for it to be ready... and for a moment there he wanted to change the request to eat-in so we could enjoy a drink with our pizza i their nice restaurant... but I had just flown in to town and was dead tired... so, we just took it home.It was delicious!  I really thoroughly enjoyed the pesto chicken... lots of chicken, tons of pesto (my fave!!) and white onions...he polished off his half without a blink.  I left one slice for breakfast the next day and it tasted just as good re-heated.I would definitely go there for thin-crust pizza cravings in the future.. maybe not that often since it was a pretty pricey pie ($30), but good for an occasional indulgence out.
4	We live about a 30 second drive from Grimaldi's, but I would still come here to eat great pizza even if it was a 30-minute drive.  Usually we get it to go, but the times we have eaten in the restaurant it has been a nice relaxing experience.  They have a great wine selection and one night I commented on a wine I really liked and the waiter was happy to show me the bottle so I could look for it the next time I was at BevMo.  We usually start with the antipasti which is so good I keep saying I'm going to go back sometime and get the large antipasti order and just have that with a couple of glasses of wine.  Our standard order is the large pesto with sausage and mushrooms and the large calzone with meatballs.  Those two items are so good we haven't tried much of anything else.  Yes, it's a little pricey, but compared to what?  The national chains?  I read somewhere that Domino's food costs per pizza are just over $2.  I'd rather pay more for quality and fresh ingredients.  Not just cheap pizza to soak up the beer in my belly.  And that pesto pizza warmed up in the oven the next morning with a fried egg on top is wonderful!  I highly recommend trying that.
4	I loved their white pizza.  Their salad was crisp and tasty.  Its a bit pricey but well worth it. I would go there again
4	First off: Grimaldi's has fantastic food at a decent price.  We have been going to this location since it opened and have really only been dissatisfied by service once or twice; which brings the score down a notch.  If you like thin crust pizza, I can't think of a better place in the valley.  Service:  Typically very good.  Unfortunately, our last visit was met with a fully blown order by the server who tried to convince us to eat the mistake.  My favorite part was not apologizing and having us pay for the tea when we opted not to wait again.  Really?!
4	I came here a few weeks ago and am just now getting around to reviewing this place.  Let me first say that I just moved here and as a foodie I was in an absolute panic to find some new favorite spots (pathetic I know but my life revolves around food what can I say) Neways came here on a Tuesday...SCORE! half off on wine by the bottle and by the glass.Had the lunch special. Small Salad, Personal Pan Pepperoni Pizza. The pizza was delicious. I love love love thin crust pizza and it was perfect. If you're a deep dish person you may want to go for the calzone although I didn't try it so I can't say if its good or not. The best part was when the bill came it was only $25 for two people.  That was two small salads and two personal pizzas and a glass of wine.  Not back at all for lunch. I will definetly be a patron here again and again.
5	Great pizza! I went to pick up a large pepperoni and was surprised at own big the slices were. You can tell they use quality ingredients. The pizza was hot, fresh, and the cheese melts in your mouth. I ordered a Pepsi while waiting and even the glass was big. The atmosphere seemed really nice and you can eat on the patio where the small pond is.I reheated a piece in the oven the day after my visit and it was just as good as it was when I got it fresh, that says a lot. If you're willing to pay for the quality (I paid $23.00 including the Pepsi) with so many other pizza restaurants charging $10.00 for a pizza then it's well worth it.
5	The best pizza in chandler! Love the crust. The caprese salad is soooooo yummy.
5	What can't I say that's great about this place? The menu is simple and has exactly what a pizza connoisseur like myself needs, simple, delicious toppings, however I want it, and in sizes that will actually fill me up and make me not have spasms of hunger in my small intestine. My order came out faster than I could bake a Digiorno, and I loved every single delicious, cooked to perfection slice I consumed. To top off my experience, the service from our server Alexis was perfect, she was attentive, knowledgable, and had recommendations that were a hit with the family. She even recommended a wine my wife now makes me pick up every time I'm at the store. Couldn't rave more about the restaurant and especially the service, there will definitely be more 5 star meals consumed at my new favorite pizzeria.
5	I love the customer service here. Everyone is great and the Pizza is great too.
4	If you love thin crust pizza, you have to give Grimaldi's a try.  The crust is perfect, the toppings are fresh, and they use just the right amount of sauce. I've only eaten here once, and we sat at the bar, but the service was quite good. They have a limited selection of draft beer, with some local selections.  The restaurant itself is clean, modern, and spacious.  The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the price. $25 for a pizza... get real!  I don't care how good it is that is crazy! I'll probably be back though.
5	Visiting Chandler from LA and was looking for a good pizza.. Saw this on YELP. The pizza was amazing!!!! We had the pesto pizza with chicken and sausage... WOW...and the Mediterranean salad. Carly our server was sweet and very knowledgable. A+ food and service! We will be getting a pizza to go Tuesday night for the drive home. O YEAH!!!!
2	Meh. That's basically how I felt when we left.We've passed by here a few times, and kept saying we were gonna try it. Finally got the urge for some new pizza (first mistake) and decided to go here (second mistake).For starters, we got there early (maybe around 5:15?) and were some of the first to get seated in the dinning area, so where do they put us? Well, unbeknownst to me, dead center of the main thoroughfare from the hostess station to all other seats. I didn't figure it out until our salads arrived, and didn't want to be a pain asking to move, so we just sat there as EVER. SINGLE. PERSON. walked by (sometimes brushing us with crap)...it was just flat out annoying. Seriously. Start filling in from the back! So, the salad was good (Caesar). The pizza? Not so much. We ordered a white pizza with onions, "pan roasted" red peppers, and chicken. I can say the pizza crust was decent. The onions and the red peppers were slimy and we both scrapped all of them off leaving a white pizza with chicken. They bragged on and on about their "brick oven pizza" but I was not impressed. Want a GOOD brick oven pizza? Go to Pizzeria Bianco. Want another good one on the east side? Liberty Market. Wanna be unimpressed? Grimaldi's.When we were done with our meal our waiter went MIA. Why is it when you have a crappy meal and you just wanna leave, the server disappears? I think it's some wait-staff secret to just piss you off even more.So, will we ever go back? Nope. Meh.
2	The service at Grimaldi's was horrible.  Our waitress forgot to bring my daughter her lemonade.  We ordered our salad and she didn't realize we ordered it then later came back to our table to ask us if we wanted a salad.  The waitress finally took our order and we waited at least 50 minutes for our pizza.  When we finally received our pizza it was warm as if had been sitting out for a while.  We asked to speak to a manager who was very nice he agreed that our pizza did not look hot nor did it look cooked.  he did comp us for our pizza.  Which we were happy for but our bill still came out to be $60 for having to wait over an hour for a cold pizza.  We have been to the Grimaldi's in Gilbert and had  a better experience there.  I definitely would not go back to the Grimaldi's in Chandler.  This was a disappointing experience for our daughter and son in law since we had told them how wonderful the pizza was at the Gilbert location.
5	In a day where genuine heartfelt friendly customer service is getting harder to come by, it was so refreshing to walk into Grimaldi's recently.   I was greeted by Bryan Hochrine, mgr, with a warm friendly smile as though I was a long time regular customer. Although it was my 1st time in Grimaldi's and I had just walked in for a drink to go, I was treated more like a good friend.   This is on my list of "to go to" places. If I lived closer, I would be a regular customer here and will be at the Grimaldi's closer to my home anytime I want Pizza.   I will be sure to tell friends, relatives and contacts about my wonderful experience here!
5	Just had Grimaldis for the first time !! Oh my gosh. Delicious !! We sat outside and ordered individual 6 inch pizzas (special from Monday - Friday from 11- 3 or 4 PM). The pepperoni pizza was amazing. I tasted fresh mozzarella cheese and the crust was really thin. I also put garlic powder and red chili flakes on top for some seasoning and spice. I will definitely go back whenever I visit Chandler.
3	Service was weak for the upscale image they try to pull off. The toppings weren't balanced on the pizza pie, although I'm a fan of the brick oven and fresh ingredients. I received dirty silverware. Room for overall improvement.
5	We came here twice on our trip to AZ.  The first time here we got a small Cesar salad and a large pepperoni and garlic pizza.  The salad was awesome!  The lettuce was crisp as could be and they don't soak it with dressing.  Just a light coating.  Very crisp and fresh tasting!   The pizza on the other hand was lacking a little bit.  The pepperonis were not as well done as the past and the crust was even a tad gummy towards the middle.  Even the tomato sauce tasted a little different than what I had remembered.  The meal was still good but not amazing like usual.  Fast forward to lunch today.................Some Grimaldis locations have lunch specials.  If you are near one that does, please come and eat here asap.  They have killer deals.  Both my wife and I got their lunch special.  It came with a personal (6 inch) pizza or personal calzone, a Cesar salad and a drink for $8.49.  My wife ordered a pepperoni and garlic pizza and I went with a meatball calzone as my entree.  We also ordered an extra personal pepperoni pizza which was $3.99 I believe.  Here is how the food stacked up..................Meatball calzone-  We have a winner!  I have never ordered a calzone from Grimaldis mainly because the pizza is always so good.  I went off track today and decided to try one out.  It was awesome!  They stuff this thing with mozzarella, meatballs and ricotta.  They serve it with sauce on the side.  I will not hesitate to get this again.  The crust was nicely charred but still really chewy.  The meatballs were moist and delicious and the cheese blend was creamy and sinful!  I really enjoyed this thing!Pizzas-  The pizzas were awesome too.  Since they are smaller, they cook them real quick.  The pepperoni was better today and there were no soggy bits anywhere.  The sauce still tasted a little different but it was still good.  Grimaldis crust is my favorite.  Coal fired ovens sure do put out good pizza!Service is always excellent at this location plus its never crowded (At least when we have been).  Its our favorite Grimaldis in AZ and we will definitely be back next time we are in town.  Total for everything with tip was under $30.00.  That my friends is a great lunch!
5	Excellent pizza. Excellent service. Excellent ambiance.If you have a little leisure time - and it's not too hot out - sit on the patio. You may even find a little bit of romance there.
2	You know what? I really like the pizza here. I do. I decided I would like to take 2 of my kids here for dinner tonight because they haven't been here. The like the pizza also by the way.  I don't like ordering a pepperoni and jalapeno pizza and never have my server visit again. Well, sort of. The first time after we all ran out of drinks, after she walked by 5 times and wouldn't make eye contact, I asked another server if my kids could get refills and another beer for me. She of course did promptly and our server dropped my beer off with hardly a comment. After I wanted the pizza boxed up and my kids wanted a dessert the manager actually noticed us trying to get her attention to no avail and helped us. I know the servers work hard and I don't like to give bad tips or complain but damn, a simple " Sorry I have to cover the patio too" would have went a LOONG way. I know she did because I watched her walk by us out there i dunno... 20 times maybe? I've probably been there 15-20 times but I'll be hard pressed to go again I guess. Ehh... I'm sure I'll go again but damn!
4	First visit here.  Heard good things about it, and had a chance to try a slice someone brought home once.  We were coming back from a movie, it was late, and we had a craving for pizza.  We made a good choice.We arrived about 15 min before closing.  Almost nobody in the place.  The bartender (there is a bar by the entrance) greeted us and gave us menus.  We ordered pepperoni and mushroom take-out.  She put in the orders and then brought us some water while we waited.  I could see them hand-tossing our pizza, and within about 15-20 minutes (I would guess...I wasn't timing them) we had our piping-hot pizza!  Took it home and served it up!It was a simple pizza, but it was very good.  The sauce, the cheese, and the toppings were reasonably generous (could have been a bit more, but it was good).  They do NY-style crust, so it's fairly thin.I definitely can see coming back here!
4	Pretty decent pizza in the Chandler area...you cannot go wrong with pepperoni....almost thin sliced and great sauce. The ambiance of this place is great with outdoor seating. On and it does have a decent wine selection...there pizza and wine....much better than pizza and beer. Just make sure to get 18" pizza for 4+....might as well get two of the large pizzas while you are at it.
4	Always a good pizza!  We frequent Grimaldi's and everytime we go, there are no surprises - we consistently get friendly service and great tasting pizza not to mention a fresh garden salad - fresh veggies and tasty dressing!
4	The food was nice, what was even better is that though the parking lot was packed at lunch time, the place was not busy. As if nobody thinks to go to Grimaldi's for lunch because at dinner it's busy. I liked it. Calzone is better than the comparable one at NYPD.
4	First time visit and we were seated right away. It was a Wednesday night and not very busy.  Our waiter JP told us about their featured Green Chili Chicken pizza and it was their first day serving it - so we ordered a small one & we also created another small one of our own - ricotta, pepperoni, & kalamata olives.  Their pizza is thin and cooks in a coal fired oven.  Love thin pizza! Our pizzas came out and they were verrrrry good!!  The green chili pizza was a lil spicy but in a really good way and there was totally leftovers to bring home - the BEST! We also got two slices of cheesecake to take home since JP said they were buy one, get one free - darn good deal.  Their cheesecake slices are perfect sized to split between 2 people - so just go for it!  JP's service was excellent, he was attentive and gave great service without being at our table every two minutes.  This is a great family establishment and I'm sure we will return for another pizza adventure.
4	Friendly family oriented pizzeria. Wait staff was friendly. A little on the noisy side, but what do you expect it being family oriented. Great pizza. Only complaint was that the service was slow. Make sure you aren't in a rush when you go here. But Go! you wont be sorry!
5	Best pizza in America try any Grimaldi's. read the reviews. Don't need to say much. This place is the least busiest of all the Grimaldi's In all the world! Love this place!
5	Best pizza I've ever had. I'm 50 so that says something. lolBrother and SIL treated my mother and I to Grimaldi's. We sat on the patio (this was spring time) and overlooking the water and waterfall feature made a nice place for a romantic setting (if you're looking for one). Definitely will return even if I have to pay this time. lol :)
3	I've been hearing about Grimaldi's for a long time but never went as it was out of the way. But since there is one in Chandler, finally got the opportunity to go.Pizza is great - the combination of fresh dough, fresh ingredients and their brick oven make for a very tasty pie. Reminds me of my brother-in-laws pies in his FL restaurant. Also enjoyed the large antipasto but found that to be a bit disappointing compared to platters at other restaurants that have a few more meats and a much more generous portion (especially for a large).Was also surprised to find out they ONLY had pizza as your main course option. Cannoli was great! Service was good - friendly and attentive.Why 3 stars? I'm not a pepperoni and cheese pizza person. I like lots of veggies and several meats. Well by the time you add ingredients to your pie, it doubles the cost of the pizza! And as noted, the antipasto was no value either. Overall the place is WAY too expensive for a pizza joint. That and the fact that you cannot get any other Italian main course dish make it merely a pizza joint to me. I may treat myself on occasion but there are better pies at better prices elsewhere.
3	Quattro Formaggio pizza!  No tomato sauce though, which was a bit of a surprise.  The cheese pizza was a little bland today.  Overall, moving down on our pizza list.  We'll go back to Ziegler's NYPD Pizza next time.The most redeeming quality of Grimaldi's is a well prepared dough/crust.  Nice restaurant for sit down, and service is always very good.
4	Grimaldis has great brick oven pizza. The crust is thin its made fresh to order and they have other sauces besides just tomato which we appreciate. They give the kids dough to play with and crayons as well. Additionally, they have outdoor seating and good service. All around a relaxing high quality pizza place.
3	Pizza and calzones are pretty good here.  Not much else on their menu though except salads.Service is pretty hit or miss, sometimes it is basically nonexistant.  They have a nice patio overlooking a small lake, but it is often closed when the weather is nice for parties that are hours away.  Sometimes they just aren't even offering service on the balcony as they are slow.I have never seen this location be busy.  It is usually very quiet for lunch and dinner.Too expensive in my opinion for the small menu and generally poor service.
3	Got a gift card to this place and went for lunch to try them out. The food was great, the service wasn't. The restaurant amt was pretty empty with only a handful of tables being taken. We were promptly seated and given the normal menu. The bartender offered us drinks since our waitress was busy. We spent ten minutes staring at the wrong menu as we were there for the lunch specials. When our waitress finally arrived her excuse was she was learning how to mix drinks. We asked for the lunch menu which she grabbed off the table next to ours. The next problem came when we wanted to pay and leave a tip, you can't tip off of a gift card, OK fine. So I wanted to put the tip on a credit card but our waitress never came back, we went to the bar and waited several minutes to be helped. It took 2 employees to figure out they needed a manager to do it. Our visit would've been better if the restaurant and staff were better prepared to help customers.
4	Best thin crust pizza in town. Always has great quality of toppings and great sangria. If you looking for good coal fired pizza this is the place to go. They are known for their red sauce but I love their pesto so i always get the pizza navidad (pesto and red sauce together). It is on the high side for pizza and not that great to take home due to the pizza gets soggy on the way home but eating in is the place to get pizza.
4	Grimaldis has great pizza!  We love the authentic flavors of the crust and sauce.  My son and I can split the large mo problem.  The crust is thin and crispy.... Not thick.  If you are looking for fresh tasting pizza you need to try it out.  Cost is a little more than average but worth it because of quality.Also the wait staff rocks.  They took care of us and we never had an empty glass.  They were very friendly and we were greeted many times walking in and leaving.If you can sit on the patio.. Even better.  Its a great environment!
3	OK pizza, OK service.
4	Sad to say this place is closing...I hope the other locations are just as good.
1	They are closing this location which is no loss. The service is horrible. I like grimaldis but this one sucks. Try the one at santan mall. Doesn't matter I suppose since this one closes in 2 days.
