1	Not particularly attentive staff, poorly cooked red snapper (batter like concrete), slow turnaround between order & service. Won't be back.
4	Fantastic meal and interesting menu.  I would be happy to return here next time I'm in Edinburgh.
4	I have been passing this restaurant frequently. It seems always busy. Finally, my friends' visit gave me an excuse to try it out. It was their last night in town, so I was happy to discover the food was really delicious, the view of the castle spectacular, and the whole experience - memorable. On the downside - the noise level was a bit high, which is my overall complaint with so many places in the UK. How one is supposed to have a meaningful conversation when it is hard to hear your own thoughts? I guess you end up shouting more, which just adds to the noise level.
4	I went back to the Outsider recently for the first time since I graduated from Edinburgh University in 2005.  Luckily, it remained as good as I remembered.The warm and lively atmosphere was a welcome break from the snowstorm outside, and immediately I started to feel at home.  A glass (it was lunchtime, or obviously we would have ordered a bottle!) of very nice and reasonably-priced pinot grigio later and I was feeling even better.As I scanned the menu, all the great memories started to come back: from the CHLs (Chunky Healthy Lines - usually a kebab type thing with pitta, vegetables and dressing) to the yummy fries.  I ordered the lamb and venison stew which was mouthwateringly good.  My companion had the ribeye steak, which although not my favourite cut, was well-cooked and juicy.And when I got the bill (unfortunately I was the one paying), it was definitely not an unpleasant surprise.  Well worth it for the quality of food and service.  Highly recommend and wish I still lived in Edinburgh so I could go here more often.
5	I've read about this restaurant many times in City Guides and recommendations about Edinburgh. It's a lovely restaurant, the first thing that struck me though was the dark lighting. I can see what they were going for - the mysterious dark look, but it was too dark! I struggled to navigate my way around the restaurant and had to use the candle to read the menu!The food was delicious, very 'foody' (for the use of a better word) and tasty. I can highly recommend the fishcakes, they were the best I've ever tasted!
5	Before I actually came here,  I was told it's one of those arty new restaurants, with minimalist decoration, and apparently the owner didn't approve of people hanging their coats on the back of the chairs and they were quickly taken to the cloak cupboards. So walking in I was expecting a "too-cool-for-you attitude"How wrong I was.The menu is interesting (for a change), and it gets a revamp seasonally. I had the pigeon dish (can't remember what it's actually called but chose it mostly because it had a warning about containing gunshot) and on a different occasion had a kebab dish- both delicious! They have platters to share as well. The cheese selection is decent and their homemade bread is too moreish. The interior is mostly dark. However, this doesn't make it a dark place, instead, the glorious view from the enormous windows of the lit-up Castle outside.The service is layed back and chilled but efficient and professional at the same time. On both occasions I had dinner there with my family our waitress (a different girl each time) was lovely and very friendly. And they didn't take our coats (they offered but it was not compulsory).Only thing I can hold against it is the noise level gets really bad because the ceilings are so high- at times it gets hard to talk at a normal volume.Also, it is a bit pricey but the portions are huge,the quality is great and they have a great lunch deal. It's cheaper (about 6-10 pounds for a main at lunch and about 9-15 pounds for a dinner if you skip out on drinks/starters/dessert so not too bad for a proper restaurant) .To sum up I absolutely love this slightly different restaurant and it's ideal for a special occasion or to just treat yourself and your friends/date.
4	I've walked past this place loads of times, and yet never felt the urge to wander in and try it. It always just looks a bit too "style over substance", as if there's not much to it aside from a slightly pretentious-sounding menu.Today, however, I was proven wrong. I went for lunch with some friends after finishing our exams, and I was really impressed. The food was gorgeous, and surprisingly good value for money. I had a smoked trout salad on a bed of mixed leaves, with a mango and yoghurt dressing, whilst my friends had the home-made chilli burger with garlic fries. It was all really well-made, and really nicely presented too.That said, the waitress did do the one thing that is a pet hate of mine in restaurants - she started clearing the plates away before half of us had even finished. I'm the first to admit that I'm a bit obsessive about manners when it comes to food, but it still got on my nerves.Apart from that though, I was pleasantly surprised and I will definitely be going back.
4	The outsider seems to have scrubbed up nice since my last dine here ( a number of years ago). Confidently designed with its dark coal decor and stylish appeal, there's always the lingering doubt that its mere style over substance.The Outsider seems to have the latter covered to a successful degree as the barnsley chops I tried, with a lovely goats cheese dauphinoise, was excellent. My opinion is admittedly complimented by a cracking view of Edinburgh castle available from the rear of the restaurant, making the whole experience unique to Edinburgh.Worth a try.
5	One of my most favourite, favourite restaurants in Edinburgh. I can't even remember the amount of times I've been here, but I'm suspicious that they inject the beetroot coleslaw that comes with the chunky healthy lines dishes with some kind of addictive ingredient, that makes you desire pink strips of amazing coleslaw day and night. I'll be highly surprised if anybody else is weird enough to have beetroot coleslaw cravings, but there we go. You can rely on several things about The Outsider. It's always busy, and therefore has a great atmosphere, the food is consistently tasty and brilliant, and it's effortlessly cool and style laden at all times. It's also reasonably priced, so you can have a few glasses of wine plus some food without worrying too much. The Outsider always has a really good feel about it, and it has steadily remained popular over the years. I usually go for any of the chunky healthy lines, which are basically skewers speared with different food items, ranging from scallops, and salmon to lamb meatballs and chicken pieces. There are no official starters, as you're encouraged to share the CHLs, and there's a good variety of meat, seafood and veggie dishes on offer for main courses, and always served in pretty generous portions too.
4	The Outsider is a really great restaurant located on George IV Bridge.  It would have to go on my list of favourite places to eat in Edinburgh.  Although I've only eaten here once, I'd definitely go back when finance allows.The outside of this establishment says cool and stylish.  The inside matches this, and does not disappoint.  This was the first ever place where I was given some bread and that oil/balsamic vinegar mixture to dip it in.  I was slightly confused to have been given something that I had not ordered, but I was glad to discover that it was complimentary.  I had the steak as a main course, which was brought out very swiftly, and was very tasty.  The restaurant was quite busy when I was there, and so it's perhaps not the place to go if you're looking for a quiet romantic meal.  That said, I did not feel lost in a sea of other customers, and was efficiently taken care of throughout the course of my meal.The Outsider provided me with a meal that I still remember, and that shows how much I enjoyed it.  This is not a regular occurrence for a restaurant.  I have recommended it to a number of friends, and I look forward to my next visit!
5	Again, still very good, but they never took my lighting suggestions on board!! what's up with that?!the food still is amazing though, you cant deny that
5	The reasons I have fallen hook, line and sinker for The Outsider:It's a neighbourhood restaurant where locals and families go to eat.It's opposite one of my favourite bars and pre-club venues - Villager.It's decorated tastefully with rustic wooden tables, patterned cushions and hints of colour.It has a private booth that seats four to six.It has breathtaking views of the Castle.It has a fab wine-list including one of the most beautiful and berrylicious Shiraz I've ever drunk.It serves totally delicious food - my favourite dish being the grilled hallumi kebabs with pitta, coleslaw and salad.It has sugar-rushing deserts that match the flavour and intensity of the wine. It has friendly and efficient staff that don't mind if you stay one hour or three. It's named after Albert Camus's classic existential masterpiece.* *If it isn't named after Albert Camus's novel, it probably takes its name from Francis Ford Coppola's equally awesome 80s movie.
5	The perfect venue for a first date. I've been on several and this is the best place to go.  great view of the castle, food that you can share, friendly staff, well priced lunch menu and a tres dark interior in case your date isn't up to scratch :p
4	One of the better places to eat in the city. Quality food and amazing views of the castle. I have found the caliber of beef in Scotland to be a bit suspect, but the steak sandwich here was incredible. The service was also very friendly.
3	We couldn't see the view because we were placed on the street side.  So apparently you need to request a view when you make reservations, or be prepared to wait a bit.The food was quite good--we both ordered the skirt steak.  The problem was that we ordered medium rare, and one was bright purple, while the other was slightly more cooked.  We decided they should be sent back to be heated a bit.  They basically threw both back in for the same amount of time, and they came back half the size and one was medium and the other was medium-well.  I'm typically not very picky and I don't think I've sent any food back in about 15 years.  I ate the overcooked meat and my girlfriend shared her slightly-less-cooked piece with me.  It was very tasty, and I assume the cooking issue was a one-off mistake rather than a reflection on the restaurant.  But I certainly can't give this place too high of a reco.  I did like the service a lot, and felt good when the waiter confirmed that our steaks did indeed look undercooked by stating "that's not rare...that's blue!"  Our appetizers were good and the bread was tasty I think.
4	So I came back here wanting to show my dining partner, whose first time it was to Auld Reekie, the best the city has to offer. In all my previous experiences, I loved that the Outsider doesn't toot its own trumpet too much but had excellent food, great ambience, and most of all the views from the castle.So why, pray tell, have I taken down a star? Ok it pains me a little. The ambience was still spot on. It was dusk, the sun was setting, the candle light made it cosy. The waiting staff really were excellent, super friendly and with just the right amount of care and attention without being over-bearing or neglectful. We got our view by the window over the castle (when you go make sure you request it!) It was reasonably priced. And the food was still good, but it wasn't great.Five stars are for when my socks are blown off, put back on and blown off again. Like, faultless. And I must admit the main I had was delicous but not the best prawns I've ever had. I had the chicken and king prawn thai skewers. They were really tasty, a huge portion too, with a novel pitta bread stuffed with beetroot coleslaw. But they lacked that chargrilled taste I'd hoped from skewers, and there were only two prawns on the whole two skewers, and they were a little mushy. Ok it's a small details. The rest was great. The bread and dip - yum. The side of mushrooms - yum. The side of garlic fries - a little underdone but yum.The rest of the menu looked fantastic too! And I do love it here, and I will be back. But hopefully next time I'll be looking for my socks at least three tables away.
2	I'm sorry, but this place was not as good as it seems some people say it is. Good points are, food was good and there is quite a good view of Edinburgh Castle if you are seated near the back of the restaurant. That's it, I'm afraid, for the good points.First of all, if you're looking for the place on a recommendation, you might find it difficult to spot. The front of the place is pretty much lacking in any noticeable signage. If you look closely, and I did, but still had to have the name pointed out to me: there are two columns of wooden tiles between the windows, and on them are dark letters spelling out the word OUTSIDER. Other than that, you'd be excused for thinking that the place was going through a renovation or something. Inside is very light and roomy and the tables seem to be randomly placed between all the wall tables and booths. The manager that meets you at the door seems to have his head somewhere in the profit books as he shows you to a table, you know, just not quite giving you all his attention. He also looked like he'd slept in, with his hair dishevelled and chin unshaven. The grandpa shirt tops of the look of art student in fourth year at art school.Once seated you are handed a photocopy of a menu. Not a bad idea if you update your menu everyday, but, some ink in the photocopier would be a good idea too. I have good eyesight, but half the menu was totally illegible to me. Most of the menu was in a small type but there was something handwritten at the top. This was totally unreadable.I managed to find something that sounded nice so I ordered it and it was very well cooked and tasty.  It wasn't a huge portion but it was charged as a full meal.I have given two stars, one for the food and one for the castle view.
4	Excellent restaurant. Consistent quality. Buzzy informal atmosphere.
4	I'm not sure I know what "modern European cuisine" means, but if this is it, I am a fan.Close to the Grassmarket, but away from the tourists, this is a handsome restaurant with a great view of the castle from the back windows.My son and I split the skewers for an appetizer.  Then he had a skirt steak and I had fish.  Add a couple of Innkill & Gunn beers, excellent service, and a cozy atmosphere, and we had a great first night in Edinburgh.We liked it so well that we went to the Apartment Bistro, run by the same proprietor, a couple of nights later.
5	It's back up to the sexy five stars after my most recent lunch here.When a friend asked for my recommendation on where to get lunch, and knowing said friend is perhaps more of a fine food aficionado than I am (a hard thing to do) I did proffer several suggestions of my favourite lighter eateries in the area. But The Outsider came up trumps, despite that their menu isn't available to peruse beforehand online, as their menu is seasonal fresh, and ever-changing.We arrived at 12.30pm and it was almost empty. By 12.45pm it was full. Luckily, as we hadn't booked. But my advice would be to book or arrive early! Read my earlier reviews for a description of the atmosphere and setting, but it's basically very lovely, modern, stylish, warm and wooden with beautiful views over the chimney-topped Old Town and Castle, but as Anna F has said despite it's style it still has substance.I do like their CHL (Chunky Healthy Lines) which are grilled skewers but it took me a good 10 minues to decide what to have. The waiter was very bouncy, friendly and good-humoured after he asked us for the third time if we were ready to order. Torn between the lamb burger with an intriguing sounding rhubarb and ginger chutney, the sea bass, the bream salad with quails eggs, and the chicken I opten for the CHL spiced lamb meatballs that are served with a pitta and coleslaw. My friend had the CHL haloumi and vegetable.And oh, what lamb meatballs they were. Ironically we had just been discussing lamb, and vegetarian diets, and I had explained as much as I love animals...I love lamb (nom nom, not pet pet). This lamb had SO much flavour. I had also asked for a side pot of the rhubarb chutney, rather cheekily, and they were more than happy to oblige. I couldn't actually taste the chutney with the lamb as that beautiful lamb meaty flavour was so overwhelming. But alone, or with some potatoes, the chtuney was also very unique and different. I've never had rhubarb in a savoury dish before, despite that is is a vegetable. It's this sort of quirky, never-tried-before, nature of The Outsider menu that I like.The portion size was very hearty too (or Chunky as they describe it). Five huge meatballs, new potatoes, cherry tomatoes and spring onions, on a bed of salad. And a really kick-start coffee to follow. Pleasant surroundings, very pleasant conversation, a super pleasant waiter who had a 'thing' about saying 'baawwwwwllls' in a funny accent whenever he took my order and served my meal. It made me laugh.For really lovely, fresh, seasonal and Scottish food in a very trendy, stylish yet not too pretentious restaurant, slap-bang in the middle of the Old Town, head in to The Outsider.
4	Happy Tourists!  Just in town for one afternoon/night, we came here on the recommendation of the Hotel Missoni bellman.  Great recommendation.  He suggested we come early for a table with view of Edinburgh Castle, and we were seated right near the window.  Delicious, crusty yet soft-centered bread with pesto for dipping. They have "lunch" specials till 5 p.m. We arrived just before that, not by design, and lingered over our drinks and dinner for nearly two hours, but didn't feel at all hurried by the waitstaff despite our prime window spot for two.  We squeezed in a lunch order of sea bass just before 5 to share as a starter (delicious) with a nice pinot grigio, then shared a dinner (because we weren't in a rush to decide, and so many things sounded good!) main course of puisson stuffed with couscous and accompanied by hand-cut chips, along with a side of risotto (not on the menu as a side item, but they accommodated us).  Very nice staff and ambiance, loved the view, and the food and wine were great. We didn't have dessert because we were too full, but the offerings sounded intriguing--figs, polenta cake, etc.  Lunch prices are very affordable--fresh sea bass for 7 pounds, for example.  If we get back to Edinburgh, we'll make a it a point to visit again.
5	A great gem of a restaurant in the city centre. Really excellent (and for lunch great priced) food. The Outsider is upscale casual meets modern European at it's best. Sure it's a bit overly crowded (there probably should be 20% fewer tables), but the service is spot on the food was among the best I had whilst up in Edinburgh. Great location too right on George IV bridge.As for what to order, the chunky healthy lines are massive, great if you are starving. I had the chili beef salad which was very well prepared and tasty. My friend's sea bass was elegantly presented.  Even though they charge extra for bread, it's worth the 90p splurge as the bread is freshly baked and really delicious. The lunch specials were all reasonable with most mains in the 6 to 8 pound range.Next time I am definitely ordering one of their burgers. They look amazing!
3	This restaurant has a casual yet sophisticated vibe to it. If you are lucky enough to get a seat near the windows you will have an amazing view of the Edinburgh castle. Hubby and I went for an early dinner and were able to take advantage of a special for Duck confit with squash puree as well as a prawn and salmon salad. We also ordered a side of garlic fries which were really yummy. I found the rest of the menu a bit limited and would have probably rather tried the lunch offerings but we missed the service time for that.Tip: if the pudding menu doesn't tickle your fancy head down the road to the Vittoria* Gelato/Ice cream window*Thanks to Jenny L. for the reminder on name of the place =)
5	Thanks to Jenny L. I took my parents here when they were in town for a couple of days and, man, this is impressive.I begged the manager for a window-seat, claiming everything from far-sightedness, to parents-in-town, and managed to get it!Let me tell you, sitting at the window at night overlooking the castle is a pretty damn cool way to convince your parents that you've picked the right city to live in. Now, about the food: I had the salmon-beetroot salad and fries, and man, was it delicious. I don't know how they did it, but they'd infused the salmon with beetroots somehow, I forgot to ask, but it was the most delicious salmon salad I've ever had in my life. And that's saying a lot, since I used to live in Santa Monica, and Seattle (both having easy access to vast quantities of this delicous fishy). They combined it with watermelon, spinach, and various greens and it was just to-die-for. I know that both my parents enjoyed their meals so much that their plates were absolutely cleaned out. Not only are these rather reasonable prices (mains from 11.00-19.00 pounds) the quality that you get for this price is absolutely insane. I'd definitely recommend this for a visit and I'm coming back again soon!
5	Dear Outsider,Today is Valentine's Day, and therefore a day to express your true feelings for those most special and dear to you in your life. And you, dear Outsider, hold that place in my heart. Is it because of your 'playing-it-cool', nigh on playing 'hard-to-get' attitude with an exterior that gives nothing away, and almost an entire lack of your own name on your building? You're most modest it would seem.Or is it that once you see past the grey, nonchalent exterior you find the most opulent, vibrant, welcoming and warm interiors, with some of the most gorgeous views over Edinburgh Castle?Or is it because you are always new, never bored and staid and same-old. Your menu changes every time I am here. Always a surprise, a new twist and turn; something to thrill and delight. Like that pork cheek I had last night, and the baked figs with amaretti for sweet seconds. You popped my pork cheek cherry and I liked it.Or is it most of all, because it's the little things that count, that your bathrooms are scented with a heady incense? I do like a good perfume.That naked chick on the outside with the big bajongas isn't half bad either. But that's just being superficial.You have not once let me down. Whether it's been for a mid-week lunch, a weekend date, a Sunday night family dinner; you always deliver. A reliable lover but one that always surprises, say you'll be mine? Always and forever,Jenny L
3	The Outsider was the one restaurant that stood out from my two days in Edinburgh - and not in a good way. The food was expensive, but it wasn't even that good. The one thing that I really liked about this restaurant was the extremely comfortable booth. I think I could fall asleep amongst those pillows. Also kudos for using actual stick candles. As for the food, the portions were big, but the combination of flavors were confusing and all over the place. For starters, we had the slow roasted pork belly, dauphinoise potatoes, buttered greens, and shallot gravy. It was better than my main course, which was a pan roasted cod fillet with salmon, chilli and coriander potato cake and a mussel salsa. The cake was very grainy and the cod was completely dried out and lacked acidity. It was one of the few times when I left food on the plate. One highlight from dinner was the olive oil that accompanied the bread. I haven't tried much modern European cuisine, but if The Outsider was a good example, I don't think I am a fan.
5	In my 7 years of living in Edinburgh i had always been meaning to visit The Outsider but never quite got around to it, until this weekend. My Dad was visiting me and so took me out for lunch, perfect opportunity.The staff were very friendly, if anything a little too laid back, but can't complain. The menu all sounded delicious and i opted for the salmon fishcake served with mussels (only 3 but still good) and a poached egg on top, i would definitely have this again. My Dad had an aubergine based dish which was also delicious and we shared a side of garlicky fries.The feel of the restaurant is very contemporary and chilled out. Although it was pretty chilly in there so next time i might wrap up a bit.To finish my Dad had a passion fruit tart with rhubarb, obviously i trid some then regretted not getting one myself. I had a cappuccino which was sprinkled with shaved chocolate, always a good sign in my book.I will definitely be back here again soon! :)
5	Pretty much any time someone asks me where they should eat in Edinburgh, I say The Outsider. For lunch, for dinner - it's perfect. The food's always great, the staff are lovely, and the venue is elegant and has great views over the rooftops to the castle. We sat at a window seat the first time we went, and I think it was love at first lunch - I've just hooked on the place ever since. I've been there for work, with friends, with family - and regularly for lunch with Jason when we're in town. I'll confess I do order the mussels 98% of the time, because they're amazing, but I have tried other options and it's always good! At lunch there are specials, plus a list of eight-or-so regular options, all reasonably priced. In the evening, it's fun to start with the chunky skewers to share. And do get the bread and olives - giant, luscious olives and hefty chunks of bread. I'm hungry now....
4	I find myself always slowing when I walk past this place as I used to be SO intrigued by it?! What looks like an apparently 'nameless' restaurant on George IV Bridge....... with a lovely chalk lunch menu outside and what looks like a lovely air-y space inside.I ended up *finally* getting to go to the Outsider as a wee treat before leaving Edinburgh, and I gotta say it was the perfect choice!!! This place is elegant but laid back, the food has a good modern twist but it presented a little slap-dash and slightly rustic which I quite liked. The service is friendly and I found myself wishing I had come here more before leaving!My Pigeon with Serrano Ham with a mix of beans and beetroot salsa was heavenly!!!? I only wish I had been a little more hungry and had some starter and dessert! From what I can gather the menu seems to change very frequently which I think is fab. I would definitely go again for dinner and I have heard that the lunch offer is ace!
4	This place is a gem. Great space, great views, great service, great food, great prices.We had a wonderful dinner. Started with olives with fresh baked breads and a rocket/parmesan/pine nut salad. Next, my wife had a skirt steak with chips (I think they were cooked in beef drippings...great flavor) and I had a mushroom, prosciutto and pea risotto. We finished with a chocolate/espresso pave and a chocolate pot with poached pear. Our dinner was accompanied by a very nice Montelpuciano (Note: the wine list is dominated by a very good selection of screw cap topped wines, and wine service consists of the bottle being set on your table -- fine by me). Everything was absolutely delicious, and the bill was only 65 pounds.Oh yeah...As other reviewers have pointed out, this place is non-descript from the outside, so you could miss it...but that's what addresses are for. :-)
2	The food tasted great, but my burger was more of a meatball than a patty. Eating it was a physical challenge which was a shame because it was so good when it finally engaged my taste buds. The service was so-so. I felt like the place was trying so hard to be hip that it was going to have an seizure. The details about it being very loud are not kidding. Do not go if you are looking for a quiet place to chat.
4	Wining and DiningCastle view cannot be missedA date Anyone?
5	Came here for lunch twice in 2 days and would come tomorrow if I didn't have to go home to London. Excellent service coupled with high quality and varied dishes, wine and dessert.Ideal for a lunch date, first date or taking your granny out for a treat.
2	This restaurant was recommended by our hotel. It was our first night in Edinburgh and we were looking for a fun restaurant. We didn't have reservation but we were seated right away. The restaurant's ambience is very nice and lively. We were seated near the front door but I noticed that the better view is all the way in the back where you have a better view. I noticed that the servers were all very busy and always in a hurry. I should have picked up on it that service will be very slow. And it was. It took awhile for our food to come out. We were going to order dessert and asked our waitress to bring us the menu. We waited and waited and didn't get the menu. So we just decided to ask for our bill so we can pay and get out of there. The food was not good. My boyfriend ordered the skirt steak and I had the pork belly with scallops. There was hardly any flavor in both. The quality of the meat used in the skirt steak was poor. We found much better restaurants in the area.
5	A few months ago, when I was living in Edinburgh, I went to The Outsider for lunch after walking by and seeing their chalkboard menu from outside. Deciding that I liked both the price and the selection (and their kir royale drink special), I went in on a whim. It was a few minutes before noon, and the restaurant was very quiet. I ordered the kir royale I was hankering for, and a lentil and goat cheese salad. Shortly after, the restaurant began filling up with other patrons who also seemed to enjoy a lunchtime drink. The noise level rose, but not to an overwhelming level, and I was soon placated when my food came. I admit that I've never had a better salad. There were perfectly cooked lentils, briny, creamy goat cheese bits, and delicious crunchy greens in a light vinaigrette. The kir royale was also lovely. I escaped with only an 12 pound bill, and decided that I would return soon.Not one to break my word, I have returned two times since, once for the venison ravioli, which was a little bloodier tasting than I would have liked, and once for the baked gnocchi with pesto, which did not disappoint. I would highly recommend The Outsider for lunch. Their lunch menu is reasonably priced, and the food quality is excellent.
5	Absolutely lovely. The CHL (Chunky Healthy Lines) are where its at. The name (at first) threw me a bit. Chunky and Healthy? In a line? I do not understand. But with a bit of explanation I came to learn these were juicy, tender skewers of multiple varieties (I had the monkfish), accompanied by lovely sides (think sweet potato, pita with cabbage slaw, etc). Delightful, filling and...indeed, healthy! Sides: roasted kale (with a kick, whew!) and the walnut apple salad (really nice). The foggy mist created a "ghost castle" effect -- very beautiful view from the back of the restaurant's windows. The lighting and ambience are subtle, yet...perfect. Candlelit, clean rustic feel that is both contemporary and classic feeling at once. Comfortable. The din never too loud, but always cheerful. Tables turned all evening. The staff is gorgeous and competent. Dessert: a fresh plum tart with spicy ginger ice cream. Heavenly Not a missed step all evening, perhaps they could've upsold me another glass of Forge Mill rose (light and frivolous was the description -- indeed!) had they asked --- but this only allowed me to save room for an espresso martini, which propelled me through the rest of the evening, night and into the morning...as it turns out! Will surely return when in the area -- a real treat.
5	This restaurant has always stopped me in my path, pulling me in to peer through the window. I don't know what it is about The Outsider but I'm glad I finally had the opportunity to eat here this week! Boy it took me a while to decide on what to eat. I wanted everything! My chicken and prawn kebabs in a peanut and lime chili sauce accompanied by salad and apple and beetroot coleslaw tucked inside pitta bread from the Chunky Healthy Lines menu was sooo tasty  and filling! I really shouldn't have had dessert but when I saw the tray with poached pear in plum sauce and pot of chocolate moose being carried to another table, I was having what she was having! It was heaven!This is my new favourite restaurant. I love the decor and lighting, the staff are friendly and the menu offers reasonably priced, fantastic dishes! Now to work my way down the list of choices...
5	Had an awesome lunch for 3 on holiday in the UK at the end of March 2013.  Great garlic fries.  Wonderful mussels (plentiful and a nice broth).  Had a great pork loin dish that really hit the spot, my wife's pasta was superb.  Fresh ingredients, efficient service at the busiest time of the lunch rush, nice, hip, bustly and pleasant atmosphere.  Very reasonable prices at lunch, too.
5	I do not have a bad word to say about this lovely restaurant. I went there last night for my birthday dinner with my fiance and my dad and it was fantastic. The staff were friendly and efficient. The starters, mains and dessert were all delicious. I particularly enjoyed the polenta and rosemary biscuit that came with the poached pear and chocolate pot. The guinea fowl was lovely and tender and the chorizo and squid salad had a nice flavour. There was no loud obnoxious music and although the tables were quite close together, the high ceilings made it feel spacious and not claustrophobic. Good value for money. Would definitely go again.
3	Service was really quick and efficient. We had the duck and it was a bit tasteless. Beautiful location however we didn't get a table with a view. Had young families and old couples a like having dinner. Definitely worth having a look at as the area is lovely, in the Old Town.
3	Very decent food with fabulous atmosphere. Perhaps slightly over-minimalist, but that's not the end of the world. The food is good -- if not fabulous -- but nothings' bad at all. The downside is really inconsistent portion size. Some of the meals will leave you hungry while others are seriously overstuffing. Is it niggly? a bit, but the portion sizes are really varied -- some of the lunch mains should really be called starters.
5	This was the second best meal that we had on our 31 day trip around the UK and Spain (the absolute best was the restaurant inside the Bilbao Guggenheim museum).I suppose it's odd to start out with saying that this was a "second best" meal, because honestly, I still think about the fish I had at The Outsider--it was perfect!  It was both attractive and delicious and creative (there were sea vegetables decorating the outside of the dish that perfectly complimented the fish--and it was nice to look at).  My husband had the pigeon, which was also yummy, and we split a salad to start and the plum tart to finish.We also had a wonderful view of the castle (and our waitress was nice enough to take a photo of us with the castle in the background).  We liked this restaurant so much that we were tempted to just eat here throughout our stay in Edinburgh.  Although we had other nice meals, this was, by far, the best in Edinburgh and the best meal we had in the 2 weeks we were in the UK (including time in London).
4	We stopped in here after reading up on the Yelp suggestions. The reviews we mixed and I'll admit our is as well. The chorizo and squid salad was good but we found it missing something. The squid didn't absorb the great taste of the chorizo. Too bad because the sausage is really tasty.My main was the lamb and feta balls. I really liked it but love the taste of lamb. Sandra was less of a fan. Her sea bass and scallops was good but lacked enough sauce to make it all the way through the meal.In the end, the tastes were really good but each meal was about 90% of perfect.
5	Great food, a nice vibe, and a staff that went out of their way to accomodate us - twice! First time we went and didn't have a reservation (recommended) but they fit us in at a very busy time. Next visit, we showed up on time but met up with 2 friends there who had a reservation for an hour later. Could they get us all in at the same time at the same table? Yes!Really liked the food and the presentation. The cheese with the crusty bread (app) was wonderful as were the olives.
4	I was looking for a restaurant reviewed by a Yelp friend when the clouds opened up and I ran into the nearest doorway only to find myself in The Outsider, the restaurant I was looking for in the first place.  The host was super friendly and seated me in the loft upstairs which boasts terrific views up the to castle.  I ordered grilled mackerel from the daily set menu.  It came with a rocket (arugula) salad and other nice, fresh veg.I have been a little wary about mackerel in the past, expecting a strong, oily fish but this one was flavourful with a nice crispy skin.Service from Ms. Emma was quick and friendly and I was able to enjoy my meal in less than an hour and get out to an early evening Fringe show.
5	This is a definite treat restaurant for me. Bigger prices, smaller portions, but I find that when food is this good you don't need as much to fill you up - every mouthful counts double.It's stylish inside - chic yet welcoming, with a very cosy looking alcove for super-intimate celebrations. My friend and I came here on a special occasion and were delighted to be seated next to the window, looking directly across the rooftops of Edinburgh and onto the castle. The views only got more gorgeous as the sun went down.Last time I was here a while ago, I ordered the gnocchi, then told my waiter I might go with the risotto instead. He confided that he thought I'd be better off sticking with the gnocchi, in his opinion. (I love it when wait-staff are happy to advise on the food!) Well, this time I bravely sallied forth and had the risotto, for comparison. The gnocchi had been delicious, but the red pepper and walnut risotto was actually more to my taste! Perhaps it was a little more punchy and obvious in the flavour, but that's right up my street, and the texture was perfect.Our desserts had just arrived - plum tarte tatin with vanilla creme anglaise and ginger ice cream for my friend, vanilla and raspberry pannacotta with pistachio biscotti for me - when I blinked and everything got darker. Oh no! A power cut!Actually, it was sort of lovely to have a candlelit dinner and the restaurant looked stunning in the low light. However, we'd been there since six o'clock. The poor people who had only arrived for 7 or 7:30 were shortly to be informed that no more food could be served.The waiting staff immediately set about the task. Our waitress had been a cheery delight right from the off - we'd commented to each other on it right away - and now was exactly the same as she went around each of her tables in turn, explaining the situation apologetically and totting up bills with her iPhone. Almost everybody responded with equal warmth and moved on perfectly happily. I do hope nobody was unkind to the staff since it wasn't their fault at all.She came to us last, which we were perfectly fine with, since we'd been fortunate enough to actually have our full meal (at one point I heard her say to a table she'd just dealt with, "Now then, where shall I go next? Who looks angriest?"). To our amazement, despite what must have been a nightmare evening for her, she'd also remembered everything we'd had. She even knocked our teas off the bill as an apology for the circumstances - which was lovely, although not necessary. My friend summed it up as we left: "I don't think I've had such a fun night in ages!"So if you go to The Outsider, obviously you can't expect a power cut. But you can expect obscenely good food, a beautiful setting, and superhero service from start to finish regardless of the situation.
5	Delicious food ! The specials change and are really unique and tasty. They say it's all local , which is great. Really nice atmosphere ! Potions aren't huge but great Great lunch prices and perfect size for lunch! Defiantly coming  back
5	What a lovely restaurant recommended by our B&B. Meals are made from scratch with fresh local ingredients. The place is in an unmarked building with a bicycle in front. Make sure you make reservations. The restaurant gets quite busy. We were only able to walk in to get a table because we arrived really early in the evening.We were put in the front in a comfy window booth. It felt private yet we still could see the rest of the restaurant. I think they have tables in the back with a spectacular view. Request one of those.I really enjoyed my mussel appetizer.My Pedro Ximeniez and dessert sampler were standouts as well.Eat here. You won't regret it.
3	The outsider is a pretty trendy restaurant situated on George Aye Vee Bridge. Pretty trendy, but never style over substance by the looks of things. From one visit I deduce they have a competitively priced guest wine of the day, pencilled into the list much like a food special (has anyone been two days in a row to verify if this is legit?!). The evening I went it was a lovely Viognier, a carafe of which was expertly and effortlessly dispatched.But I'm getting slightly ahead of myself... Considering that the booking was made a generous two-an'-an-odd-bit weeks ahead, and that they have tables with castle views, we were really disappointed to be tucked away at a dinky little table in the corner of the mezzanine level. Butted up against the wall, our view consisted of the diners downstairs through a glass partition.I had a starter of portabello mushroom with an exotic cheese I hadn't heard of (and neither had the waitress, but who other than that was knowledgeable and attentive). It was OK, the mushroom had been fired directly on the hob presumably and at any rate tasted a little of gas.My main of roast lamb however was absolutely gorgeous. Caramelised on the outside, melt-in-the-mouth on the inside (pretty pink mind, but that was fine by me). The accompaniments were spot on too.The way they've done the menu is quirky but not sure I would go as far as to label this place an 'outsider' of the trade. But for gastronauts or those out to impress a date it is definitely worth a visit.
4	Lovely restaurant. Been here a fair few times over the past few years and it's always been great. Getting a table with a view of the castle is well worth it if you can. The staff are really nice and very accommodating. I remember the first time I went they had homemade gnocchi with cavolo nero, which was just perfection (as great as all the other dishes have been, they've not quite hit the mark as that one did...)
5	15-16 George IV Bridge, EH1 1EE. Lamb rump with the perfect au jus and duck leg with wilted greens and pumpkin; seasonal, juicy, and always busy (reserve a table ahead of time if you can + 0131 226 3131). It is one of those places that does not advertise (no website), but delightfully romantic and lively atmosphere with real wax candles dripping from wooden blocks and the most delicious chunky bread to start from a bakery called DoughReMi.Emily Rose Reeder
4	Friendly service, creative menu and delicious dessert. Really happy we stopped in for dinner and would highly recommend anyone checking it out who enjoys unique food and a great ambiance.
1	Table was booked for 9.30, arrived to be told our table was not ready and we would have to stay next to the door until it was (there is no bar). We get our table at 9.45, menus are already there. 10 o'clock we order, to only then be told this that and the other are off the menu, no starter for me then. At this point we make sure to tell our server our last train is at 11.30 and we cannot miss it. We place the order and for 20 minutes we wait, wine in hand. Our server approaches the table to apologise that there will be a further delay before my date gets his starter, only for it to appear in the hands of another server while she's still talking, where is the communication between kitchen and servers??The starter was very nice, or so I was told, not exactly as described on the menu, but it tasted nice nonetheless. 10.50 our main courses arrive (remember our train is at 11.30 and it's a 10-15 min walk to the station). One plate of sea bass, one of sea bream... Only problem is I ordered the duck..."I'm very sorry sir, I have no idea how this happened." Again, where is the communication with the kitchen? Oh yes, we were duly informed the kitchen is 3 floors above like this somehow would explain everything!! What would I like instead? Well the only non fish item left is the pork, so I'll go with that. The kitchen promises it will be ready in 6 minutes... and we'll order you a taxi to the station. 11.10 my pork arrives (by which time my other half has finished his fish, so it might as well have been two separate meals). Along with my main comes the promise of the taxi in 10 mins, the bill right away (I can't even finish eating before paying for it) and 'do you have coats?'The bill arrives, everything is in it, even the pork that I didn't really want and have just wolfed down, and no mention of the taxi being complimentary. A few stern words with the manager later and the pork is off the bill, but still the taxi to pay for. Off we rush, getting on the train with 5 minutes to spare. Now, where was that dessert menu?
5	I tried this place for the first time at lunch on a busy friday (graduation day) and was very impressed. The lunch menu is very reasonably priced, the food is fresh and exciting, the staff are professional, efficient, friendly (not to mention all incredibly easy on the eye), and it's jut a great space to relax in with some great views of the city if you're near the back of the restaurant. Make sure you order a side of olives, these were hands-down the best olives I have ever eaten. To cap it all off they make fantastic coffee - it's remarkable to me how many places will get everything right with the food only to ruin it at the end with a bad coffee but these guys nailed it. Will most definitely be back.
4	Basic interior (on purpose), super atmosphere (a little loud), great food for a very reasonable price.With a rather large group we got to sit at the attic which is open on one side so we were separate from the rest of the restaurant but did not feel too much apart.The Scottish beef and lamb are great and the hot plum dessert was excellent. Great whiskeys ;-)
4	Went to this restaurant on a Saturday night. It was busy, but service was very friendly and accommodating.I ordered the flat iron steak, which was beautiful and just what I wanted. Portions can be large, but never oversized. They had a nice wine selection and my friends had great things to say about the pigeon starter and the seabream and venison mains. Dessert was exicitng and innovative. We were complimenting the food the entire night!Beautiful ambiance. Would definitely like to go back!
4	One very late dinner ago, we stumbled upon this locale.  My anxiety of not having a proper dine that night, soon enough fluttered away.  The menu while not an extensive one, touched upon a good range of dishes.We wined and dined on steak & lobsters that night, with a birds eye view of the castle's luminance.  There were just two other tables that Friday night for dinner at 11.  Perfectly intimate. That was our first night out in Edinburgh, a day after moving here.  I remembered my lobster was just right, the steak was beautifully under, the wine mingled with every sensory jive.  But not the name.  A night out for drinks and a spontaneous call for dinner this past Saturday, had us landing at a place called The Outsider.  Good ratings, food pics-check, okay we'll give it a go.  Soon as we arrived at the entrance, I was ecstatic when I realised where we were.  Dinner at 9:30 meant the place was bustling and we had to wait a good deal for our food to arrive.  But service was efficient and friendly.  Baked sea bream spiced with greens & truffle oil was delicate yet distinctly robust in flavour.  The ribeye was just gone too fast, the wine was good enough for another round, and still the same beautiful view remained.  2/2 was a hit.  I would happily return for a lovely dinner in candlelit ambiance.Given the view, quality of food, wine list, service, I give it a solid 4 stars.
