3	Wow...what a place! Very friendly...wonderful selection. It was welcoming enough, but something about it screamed chain to me.I was a bit overwhelmed at the selection of the meats and their brand of frozen foods -- I think I tuned out for a bit while walking around. It's not a huge store, but it's not small, either. They have a nice selection of frozen breakfast sausages that tempted me to buy a pack. :)The samples they had waiting when you first walked in were some wonderful smoked sausages and a chicken sausage as well. I skipped those and went in for the free samples of the cheeeeeese cuuuurds!!! CHEESE CURDS! They were so good I even bought a pack. I flinched a little at the price - $6.49, but given that it's been driven across how many states, I found it reasonable enough to pay (either that or I really wanted the cheese curds and I'd use anything to justify that craving, haha).There was a decent selection of beer and wine, but it's no Bev Mo. I found prices to be very reasonable and they had wonderful snacks/treats for Rex.They had a wonderful creamed corn dish in their frozen food section and it's well worth the price as well.Give this place a shot, you won't be disappointed.
5	Where else can you get jalapeno brauts made in town this good. A perfect stop to stock up on meats for any BBQ. Their seasoned pretzels are amazing and almost drug like in manner since they are so addicting. A little out of the way for me but well worth the drive. Sausages for all!!!
5	So happy to be a part of this literal sausagefest (as opposed to the figurative kind, which gets old pretty fast). Spent years of my childhood in Europe so I have a special spot in my heart reserved for the love of sausage and wurst. Could be that it's a growing cholesterol clog, but this place makes me want to feed that beast!Have tried the jalapeno cheese brats which are phenomenal! They do not hold back the spices in these, and they are a sight to behold when grilling as they sizzle and spurt and ooze juices and cheese (see uploaded photos)! I also made a special trip here for the Cajun andouille sausage, which was surprisingly not as spicy as the homemade varieties I've had in the past. I did incorporate the andouille into a traditional Louisiana staple (red beans and rice) which was delicious, but I felt it was best used in place of linguica on top of pizza.The variety of hand-made sausages and goodies have instantly hooked me as a loyal customer. I know I will be back when my serum bratwurst level dips below a safe threshold and I am compelled to return it to its former artery-clogging glory!
5	I have to say the more and more I go in here the more goodies I find. The Jalapeno sausage patties are amazing and the Arizona Cardinal Braut with the cheese and salsa can't get any better.
4	I was looking for some steaks to grill tonight.  I stopped by Whole Foods and took a look in their meat showcase.  They showed grass fed rib eye steaks for over $20 per pound.  I don't mind spending money on good steaks.  What I didn't understand what the 'grass fed' surcharge.  I know cows eat grass.  But why charge extra because the cow eats grass exclusively?  The butcher at Whole Foods simply said grass fed beef was better.  Now why am I talking about Whole Foods, in a Von Hanson's review?  Glad you thought that.  I figured I needed a alternative opinion.  I searched for 'butcher meat' on Yelp and found several shops.  Von Hanson's was close to my house so off I went.Entering the store there is a selection of beer and wine to the right and a cold showcase of meats along the back wall.  The front and left walls contained freezers containing a variety of delectable deserts, a dizzying array of cooked sausages, and 'grill packs'.  In the center of the store was another freezer containing treats for pets.  I bought my dog a bone she will be chewing on for days.   I headed for the meat case and asked the nice man behind the counter if his beef was corn or grass fed.  His answer was immediate.  ' Corn fed, corn makes tasty and tender beef. '.  He spoke further of how grass fed beef may be a little leaner, but it is not as tasty.  I'm all for a healthy diet.  No need to get carried away.  There were two knowledgeable polite and informative butchers behind the counter.  They patiently explained the different cuts of meat and grilling methods to a woman who was planning a family dinner.  I agreed with his recommendation of thick cut rib eye steaks, simply seasoned, and grilled.  I am sure I will stop by this place again.  I love grilling and smoking.  Whole Foods is good for fruits and vegetables.  This is the place for meat.
5	I am so sick and tired of writing sub par reviews, I totally forgot I haven't Yelped Von Hanson's yet.  I've been here three times.  I am proud to say I live so close to it.  The meat here is amazing.  The butchers are friendlier than Disney World employees.  So far I've had the Ribeye's twice and filet's once.  What's great about this place is they don't pre cut a bunch of filets and sell them.  They ask how big you want it and go in the back and cut it.  The sausage selection is out of this world but I haven't had the time to make them.  They come frozen.  I've tried the bacon wrapped jalapenos stuffed with cream cheese and I was impressed.  What was strange about them was out of the 6 I bought, 1 ended up being one of the hottest things I have ever eaten.  In fact, I had to wait about 20 minutes before I could eat my dinner in order to enjoy it.If you love cooking meat and have some extra money to spend, come out to Von's.  It's amazing.
3	Selection was good. Bit pricey but worth it. Service was just okay. No one came out from behind the counter to offer any help even though it was just us 2 in the store at the time. Didn't suggest or offer buns even though I was buying burgers and chicken salad. My bad, I know...but I'm just sayin'. Also wouldn't give me 2 copies of their sale flier because "they were expensive to print". I thought he was joking, but that's less advertising material I can share with my friends and family...so this one is their bad!
5	We decided to check this place out after seeing an ad in the paper awhile back.  Looking for something quick and simple we got ground beef and made burgers on the grill. They were fabulous and I am not a big fan of burgers so that is really saying something! We also picked up some coleslaw, beans and macaroni salad and ended up with a great family dinner for under $15.00.  Butchers are also very friendly.
5	In the East Valley, this is the best spot to get you BBQ meats! They always have the best selection, always great quality. It isn't going to be the best prices in the valley BUT you pay for quality!! The Tailgater package is your best bet- hot dogs, burgers, brats, buns AND a small bag of the BEST pretzels ever!! They mist them in light oil and then roll them in dry seasonings_ WOW goes great with beer! Oh ya- they have a nice selection of beer and wines. TODAY- tried the green chili cheese brats... fantastic!!
5	this is the store of my fantasies.this is a MEAT store, people! if you know me at all, you know i love meat. love. meat. and spirits.i don't like candy, cupcakes or sweets at all. so this is like MY own version of a candy store. the selection and quality of their meats are the key selling points at von hansons. jam packed full of carnivores every time i go... but there's something comforting about standing shoulder to shoulder with my fellow meat eaters. like a tribe. salivating over meat. the meat sitting there on display, behind the glass, like shimmery diamonds of gastronomical hedonism. i have no idea what the hell that meant exactly, but you get the picture. on many a sunday you'll see me behind a grill (ok, i don't actually do the grilling, but i do stand admiringly around the flames grinning like a fiend). so this means almost every saturday i make a stop at von hansons.here's just *some* of their tasty morsels on display:beef kabobsbacon wrapped ribeyet-bonessirloinfilet mignon (never leave here without one)NY stripporterhouselemon pepper seasoned chickengarlic chickenwhole chicken roastersstuffed chicken breastspork roastpork chopspork tenderloinsmoked salmoncajun jerkyBACONsummer sausagesbratwurstpolish sausageturkey jerkycheddar dogsbbq smokesseason hamburger pattiesthey also carry a full line of deli meats, cheeses, potato salads, cole slaw, garlic breads, seafood, desserts...... BEER! let me say it again, BEER.i could go on and on.but i won't.
5	one of the best tri tips that i have ever purchased. that piece of meat was freaking delicious was totally reasonable! its been so hard to find decent quality meat since i moved here. safeway, fry's, walmart (bwahhaha no way am i buying cuts of meat from there), and other grocers just dont have high quality cuts of meat. you might luck out at an albertsons or if youre feeling froggy you'll head over to AJ's and shell out a pretty penny.Von Hanson's is my answer to my lack of meat happiness. all the butchers were super friendly and very helpful when it came down to picking out something for dinner that night. all of their product looks delicious and fresh. i cant wait to try the filets or the ribeyes. i cant believe this place is in walking distance of my house. eff ever going vegetarian. that would just be wrong.
5	The best meat in town, hands down.  If getting beef, chicken, pork....it doesn't matter. Additionally, if you're from the midwest, you'll be happy to know that they have some foods native from there, such as cheese curds!
5	I wish I lived in AZ so I could do all my meat shopping at Von Hanson's. This review is mainly for the excellent beef jerky.A friend in MN bought me some of their peppered beef jerky which spoiled me for all beef jerky. I knew I could never eat the crap you buy in the grocery store EVER AGAIN after eating Von Hanson's homemade variety. So when I knew I was going to be in the Phoenix area, I knew I had to stock up.Their beef jerky actually tastes like real beef and has the chewy texture you would expect real dried meat to have. It does not have anything in common with the softer artificially flavored varieties you find at your grocery store and is actually more affordable! A tiny pack of crappy stuff costs $8 whereas you can get a full 1 lb. for $18 at Von Hanson's. Since I was traveling I had to limit myself to non perishable items or items that could make it without a refrigerator for a few hours. I bought the peppered jerky and passed on the Cajun flavored one. They have a large selection of sausage sticks too. I purchased the smoked beef and hot jalapeno sticks which are delicious! They are smooth on the inside and don't ooze orange fat as you are eating them.
4	Coming from someone who really only eats poultry/seafood, I still have to give this place 2 thumbs up.  Went here with the hubby to get him a steak & also because our new dog trainer recommended it to get dog bones.  Amazing selection of meats as well as wine/beer and the staff was very friendly.  And how awesome that they have natural bones/treats for dogs??  We will be coming here again.
3	I remember my trip to Von Hanson's.  I wandered for 20 mins. trying to pick out something to grill for the family.  This place reminds me of butcher shops that I knew from my youth, and I can't find them now that I'm in deep adulthood.  The biggest reason for the long 20 minute wandering is the sky-high prices--- I simply couldn't find something that would be a good buy.  I was STUNNED SILENT.  Sure, there are spendy cuts, and sure, there were things I can't find at the local supermarket, but what if the prices were so high that I can't justify spending that much?  Most of the items they had were so PROHIBITIVELY EXPENSIVE, that now I understand why they haven't expanded from this one location.  Now for the big 3:Service:  They are spot-on.  There are many people behind the counter that are willing to help you at a moment's notice.  No problem with service.Price:  The prices are horrendously expensive.  It's a big part of the reason why I only purchased $80 worth of stuff, versus buying the meat that my family needs for $80 worth of meat.Taste:  Excellent.  It's exactly what I would expect from a cut of $80 worth of spendy meat.  I would've been disappointed if I'd paid this much for something that was A-OK.In the end, I will likely only buy from here for special occasions, since the price is so high as to prevent this from being my butcher.  It's an excellent place if you want the old-time-feely-place like butchers used to be.  Don't go out of your way, unless you have endless money to spend for your dinner.Bon Appetit.
5	Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat............MEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAT!!!!!!!  Guess who got a new grill/smoker and has been smoking the living crap out of every piece of meat he comes across..... No not the Dalai Lama... Why would you even think that? Weirdo.  ME! I did. That's who, ME!!  So I stopped by the old Von Hanson's butcher shop to check out the selection.  It is a great little shop.  It reminds me of a butcher shop that would be in Back to the Future. The butchers are wearing all white and  are very patient and knowledgeable about meat.  As far as I can tell they come in pairs like the Sith do, there was the master and an apprentice. The master was an older man who is very kind and well spoken and the apprentice has a mustache like Wesley from the Princess bride.  I ended up getting two racks of ribs for the price of one.  It was a sweet Yelp deal that I was happy to take advantage of.  I also got a sheet of beef jerky about the size and shape of Rocky's head from Mask.  They have probably the best beef jerky that I have ever tasted.  Even if you're just stopping in for a gander, you have to get a piece of jerky. It is worth the drive.I think I got three movie references into this review.  Not a record by any stretch, but worthy of a mention.
5	This place is THE place to go for fresh meats in the East Valley. (the Pork Shop is good too, but a bit far away). The brats and sausages are made in house and they have a huge variety of flavors. I really enjoyed the Chicken, Bacon and Swiss. Besides fresh meats they carry dog treats, alcohol, cheese curds, and many other staples needed for a delicious meal. They guys behind the counter are so friendly and very helpful. Check it out! I'll be back very soon!
5	What a find in the phoenix area! I was on the hunt for some lamb meat and found my self at Von hansons walking out with a bag full of goodies. Every thing was delicious. The beer brats, fresh beef jerky, the seasoned steak, ground lamb and kielbasi. Yeah I went kind of crazy. They even bake their own rolls which were really good too! The staff was super knowledgeable and friendly as well. They even have pet food products :)
5	Three cheers to Yelp for helping me find where in the Valley to go for real beef jerky!  The fresh stuff which has more beef than chemicals.  (The convenience store packages just were not doing it for me!) After checking out the website, I emailed good friends in Las Vegas (who used to live in Minnesota), asking if they were familiar with Von Hanson's.  (They have 21 locations in Minnesota - and ONE in Chandler.)My roommate and I went on July 2. They were running a special for NY strips - buy one, get one free - so that was added to the plan in addition to the jerky.SCORE!  We picked up a half pound each of the peppered jerky and the cajun spicy.  $18/lb.  The NY strips were (if memory serves...) $14.99/lb, and the steaks were averaging a little over 3/4 lb - so super yay for the BOGO sale - it brought the meat down to regular grocery prices. I have to say - the quality of the meat is amazing!  Just looking at the cuts in the display case, I can declare Von Hanson's makes AJ's look like Fry's!  These were GORGEOUS!  Quite possibly the prettiest steaks I've ever seen!I also grabbed a couple pigs ears for my dog, and the roommate picked up a package of her favorite kind of sausage (linguisa).Admittedly, I am not a sausage expert.  Plus, I live very close to Schreiner's - so while I would have no problem buying sausage from Von Hanson's, I wouldn't make the hike to Chandler just for those.  The selection was quite impressive, though!Overall - this place has everything for carnivorial happiness!  (Hey - if you understood the context, it's a word, right?)  Great selection of beef, chicken and pork products.  Tons of spices, sauces, rubs and marinades.  Nice selection of unique beer and wines.  Fridge and freezer cases with more meats, sides, and desserts! Yes, it's pricey - but the quality is certainly there to justify it.Once home, we grilled up the steaks using our favorite rub.  OMG amazing meat!  Probably the best steak I've had in YEARS - and NY strip isn't even my cut of choice!The peppered beef jerky is full of YUM - and this is so strange to write - but the Cajun is a bit spicy for my taste.  (And I adore spicy!)  It's amazingly good, and addictive - but almost requires a cold beer to go along with it to help cut the heat.The Vegas via Minnesota friends emailed back Monday - they know Von Hanson's quite well - and are grateful there isn't one in Vegas - it would KILL the weekly grocery budget with how often they'd be in!  They love, love, LOVE the place - and I am now under strict orders to bring them care packages from here whenever I come up to visit!Oh - and Layla (my pooch) was pretty stoked about the pig ears - so in addition to my five stars, please add two paws up!  (I didn't tell her they have a whole dog food and treat section - I am on a budget, after all!)
3	A really great selection and fun stuff. It is more expensive, probably closer to Whole Foods' prices. Surf the specials for better prices -- they do those quite a bit it looks. Boyfriend says beer selection was lacking thus the 3 star review.
4	This place is pretty awesome. They have some great beef jerky and snack sticks. The topper is they carry Gates BBQ sauce. Why 4 stars? They don't have prime cuts.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place!  It truly is a Midwest butcher shop plopped down in the East Valley!  Originally out of MN, they have numerous locations there, and then this 1 location in Chandler.  It's the only place I buy meats from.  Great selection of fresh steaks, chops, marinated chicken breasts, kabobs, ground beef, brats, bacon, ribs, homemade beef jerky, numerous sides AND they even bake their own bread daily!  The staff is extremely helpful in picking out your selections and they even provide tips on how to prepare anything you buy.  If you are a chicken fan, you MUST try this place.  They have the biggest chicken breasts I've ever seen, and they have multiple marinated varieties to chooes from(garlic butter, pamesan, lemon pepper, tomato basil, and  buffalo chicken).*TIP - get on their email list to get updates on the specials they are running.  It is very common for them to have "buy 1 get 1 free" specials on multiple things every week.
4	Brats, steaks, and everything you need for a BBQ.  Try the jalapeno brats for a little heat.  They have some combo specials that make a great gift idea.
5	Once you buy a steak from von hansons, you will never buy steak anywhere else again.  This is the best butcher shop I have ever seen.  Also great sausages, chicken, cuts of lamb. I also get my thanksgiving turkey here.
5	Delicious meats, and more!  The taste is so much bettter than buying from the grocery store.  It's noticiably higher quality.  Price is  higher, but worth it.  I also recommend the little box of Green Chili seasoning.  I've made it several times and LOVE it!  Also, try the dog bones.  Our dog loves it.
5	This place is awesome!  Great quality meats, dry rubs, smoking woods... You pay more for the meat than you would at Fry's, but you get what you pay for.  I highly recommend the AZ Cardinal Brats.
5	Wow. This place is a meat lovers dream! The meat is a bit pricey, but, everything looks so clean and fresh! Great color on all their meats.....tons of bratworsts and links, bacon, jerky, beef and elk sticks, shish-ka-bobs, whole turkeys (anytime of year), and a lot of scandinavian foods. We met the owner Gene, so nice! He explained how he has 28 shops in Minisota, and only one out this way (this one). Not only do they sell their own meats (and prepare them) but they have a whole line of BBQ sauces and rubs created by him. He will let you sample any of the sauces or spice rubs, just ask! He even gave us a free jerky sample, (btw, the turkey jerky is insane!!!) we ended up buying three pounds (buy two, get one free...) I bought one of his spice rubs (Special Rub) and used it on my husbands steak this evening, he said it was super good....Can't wait to come back to get some wood for grilling (he sells tons! apple wood, peach wood, mesquite, and I can't remember what else, but a bunch of others....) This is just a great shop with great people to make the experience that much better!
4	So my sister introduced me to this place more specifically their home-made beef jerky.  It has no preservatives and is pretty low in sodium and I've had it many times now (the girl is whack, she buys it by the pound and snacks on it all week long).  We went together tonight to stock up again and I was impressed by their amazing selection of meats - like Tarrah C. said, it is a "meat lovers dream"!  I buy a lot of fresh meat, mostly lamb, goat, bison, and on occasion, reindeer (though that is usually frozen)... this place had, as far as I could tell - all of that.. though it was in the frozen form.  They had a lot of pre-seasoned meat in the meat-counter (non frozen, obviously) that would make dinner easy to execute.  ONE THING, however, is that I asked about natural, grass-fed beef and they do not carry that.. bummer... hopefully with enough demand, they will someday soon carry it.. as now even Super Target carries grass-fed beef!I made a mental list of all I will get here after my current supply of lamb and reindeer are out: oxtails!  more lamb cuts (bigger ones than the little shoulders I buy).  I saw the oxtails in the frozen section and once I finalize my plan on how I'm going to make them (we had a lot of oxtail soup in Spain and we loved it!), I'm gonna hit this place up.  So far, I am a fan...
5	Best beef jerky in the valley and the people are exceptionally nice!  Super glad I finally found a place here!  :)
5	Wow! This place is amazing! I was visiting Phoenix, and drove to Chandler just to check this place out. I'm glad I did! I went here specially for their jerky. There were three flavors: Turkey, Cajun, and Regular. I asked Ralph which flavor does he recommend, and he gave me huge samples to try! They were all delicious, but I chose the Turkey and the Regular flavors. The turkey jerky was so tender and very lean. The regular jerky was smoky, just the way I like it! I wanted to try their steaks, but since I live in California, I obviously couldn't buy any to bring back home! Next time Von Hanson's, I will be prepared for you and bring ice packs and a cooler! No, I'm not joking.
5	Old school style butcher shop that has great service and a great selection.  You will pay more, but you can sign up for their emails and get the monthly and weekend specials.  Often there are coupons for BOGO or a few bucks off your purchase.  They also have a good selection of beer and wine, side dishes, and some supplies for home BBQ and smoking.  After reading the other reviews, I know my hubby and I need to try the jerky.  We always enjoy shopping at Von Hanson's.
4	Wow great brats, dogs, and buns.  A tremendous meat selection.  If you need a gift idea, they have some gift bundles that work.  Great staff, helpful.  Not a fun of the pretzels.  You need to try, hidden on on West part of a mid street strip mall.
5	After reading an article a while back in the New Times on the top 10 valley meat shops I made it a mission to try all ten. Mission complete and can honestly say that Von Hanson's wins the award hands down for the best in the valley. Perhaps the best on the planet. I have since been back three times and live 40 miles away. The seasoned griller steaks are melt in your mouth AMAZING. And at 10.99 a pound they're a smoking deal. They have a decent selection of craft beers too. Now if they would just open up a north valley location life would be perfect.
5	This butcher has the BEST fresh meats!   The meats from here are superior to anything you can buy from anywhere else and it is delicious!  Especially after hearing about all of the "fillers" most stores put in their meat, you know you're getting the good stuff here.  We even get our Thanksgiving fresh turkey here and marrow bones for our dog too!
3	The prices at this meat market were not bad, I had bought about 5-6 brats and some ground beef for hamburgers, came out to about $13.14.  Now based on what my boyfriend had said about the brats I was not exactly too thrilled that they weren't better than okay.  I expect meat markets to be decent for what you pay for the silly  stuff.  I could have went to Safeway or any other grocery store for less than mediocre meat. I want to give this place another chance but a part of me wants to stay away. We will see how I feel, maybe one day I will give them another chance.  As far as service nothing wowed me to severely want to go running back so hence another reason I am on the fence with this place.
5	This place has the best brats I have EVER had!  They are on the pricey side but trust me they are SOOO worth it!  The jerky is good too and if you have a furry friend they have a large variety of dog treats and foods too!
5	When I moved here from Indiana in 2007 I left behind one of the best butcher shop/meat markets that I ever experienced.  Bound and determined to find another one, I got on the internet and started looking.  Strictly going by reviews on the internet  a friend of mine and myself set out on a voyage with 3 "butcher shops" in mind.  The first two were a total bust and the reviews were obviously written by family members and owners.  My friend looked at me and said that if the last one on my list was a bust I would be walking back home.  Nervously I directed him to a place called Von Hanson's.  We walked in, looked at each other and said, "Finally, we hit a home run!"  The smell was incredible, a cross between fresh and smoked meat.  We both grabbed a basket and started walking around.  From people treats to dog treats, everything was fantastic.  We talked with one of the owners and he gave me a few of their homemade hot dogs to sample, which are now a staple on my shopping list when I go there.  With the addition of the BBQ'ing sections (wood for smoking, sauces and rubs) this place is great.  I always go there when in town and will continue to.  I must confess that I have been going there for a good amount of time now and I am just now posting this review.....shame on me:)
5	I hate and love this place. I always go for one thing (usually treats for the dogs) but end up buying 4 or 5 other things.  Ground beef with bacon for burgers, jalapeno cheese brats, bacon wraped filets... so many choices... AND I'm trying to go vegetarian.  Not helping me out here are you Von Hanson's??  Oh and their coupons are awesome - buy one get one on a lot of stuff. OH yea and the stuffed chicken breast(with stuffing)... we pick up extra stuffing just for the holidays since it's always a hit. If you need something specially cut they will also cut it anyway you want. We get leg bones for the dogs and have them cut in thick rounds so they have hours of enjoyment.
4	My guy loves him some meat and this place is a go-to spot for some nice cuts of meat. They have a lot to choose from here. Specialty items as well in their fresh and frozen section. You can also shop in their seasoning and sauce section and add some new flavors you don't already have in your pantry. We got to slabs on ribs for around $50. He loved them. Im not a huge meat person but i did try a few and they were delish. I will be back to pick up some of their special chicken they have !Decent beer selection too- not excellent in regards to other places you can get good craft beer but still decent.
5	The other reviews say it all, best butcher in AZ!  Always great service and fine cuts of meat. The steak and chicken really set this place apart! Keep it up guys!
5	Love to stop in for the jalapeno poppers, jalapeno burgers and great selection of beer!
5	Great selection of different cuts of beef.  Decent selection of items from the midwest such as Door County pastries. Good dog treats also, pig ears, bones, etc. Surprisingly has a good selection of craft beer also.  Prices are higher than the chain grocery stores but the quality is there to justify it.  Love the beef sticks and sausages.  I'd avoid the typical deli items such as the coleslaw, potato salad, etc and get that at a regular grocery stuff. Great service also.  Use their coupons and save a mint.
5	This is one of the best markets that i have purchased meats at over the past 3 years, and their service is outstanding.being a MN person and knowing them from there it is great.their selections of meats and poultry are far above the rest, they are the BEST
5	Hubby got a mule deer this past fall. Usually he goes somewhere else for processing, but decided on Von Hanson's this time since they are so close to us. YES!!! They have done the best job of any so far. The cuts were done so nicely! They did a wonderful job on the summer sausage (jalapeno cheese) and breakfast patties especially (maple....oh yum!!!)I haven't been inside yet, but customer service over the phone was extremely friendly and professional. I don't know how their prices compare to the other guy we have taken our meat to, but for the experience we had there, we'll be taking them any future game for processing.
5	An amazing meat market in Chandler, AZ. They sell Minnesota grown beef, pork, jerky, the best hot dogs in the U.S. and more! I grew up only blocks from the original market in Apple Valley Minnesota! Every time I walk in it reminds me of home along with the excellent customer service. Just heard that they're opening a Von Hanson's in Scottsdale later this year 2013
5	After growing up on a cattle ranch in Texas it has be a little tough to find good meat in Phoenix.  Look no further than Von Hansons!  They are knowledgeable and friendly and their product is far superior to anything at a high priced grocery store.  You may pay a little more but the quality is worth it.
5	I love this place. Their chicken quality if far beyond the taste of grocery store's. Not inflated with water or "other stuff". Their ground beef is like BUTTER. Long gone are the days of opening your ground beef and seeing white stuff mixed in with your dinner. They do a great job with explaining why they are different from other grocers---if you don't know. While I have not tried their bread, I love the smell of their bread being baked fresh as I walk in (I'm a breadie so I try to not add addictions on). Coupons are always a help as well. Sure they may cost a bit more than the tube of ground beef from Fry's but I can ensure you it's better all the way around and well worth your money!Try their bundles of meat-a great way to save money!!!
4	This place has a lot to offer and great quality meats and poultry, but they tend to be pricey.
5	What a fantastic store, they will be getting my business again. I stopped in to get a couple New York Strips and walked out with much more, even some great stuff for my bullmastiffs at home. The quality of the meat was great, the staff was extremely friendly, the prices were actually a little lower than other local butcher shops I've bought from, and the selection of items extends way past steak. You just can't go wrong with Von Hanson's, they've made me a regular customer.
2	Von Hanson's has been in my neighborhood for a good 5 years that I know of. I don't go there very often because, 1. I am not that big of a meat eater and 2. because it is kind of pricey in there.Recently I became very aware of GMO's in our food and the whole Monsanto situation. I decided that from now on I will only buy grass fed beef because we don't know if the cows that are corn fed, are being fed with GMO corn. Most likely they are because it would be VERY expensive to feed them organic corn. However, I felt like Von Hanson's would surely have grass fed beef right? So I happily made my way on over to VH's. I selected the cut I wanted, and as the butcher was taking it out of the cooler..I asked him if any of the meat was grass fed. I guess I was assuming he was going to tell me that it was grass fed..Unfortunately, he told me that NO...ALL of their meats are corn fed. I left with my cut of meat, but I still felt a little disappointed that they didn't have ANY grass fed meat there. Von Hanson's...if you can respond and let us know if your beef is fed GMO free corn...I will change my rating and update my review. Until then, sadly, ...I willl not be back.
5	I honestly can't say enough good things about Von Hanson's. We have been shopping here for several years now, and it is absolutely top notch! The staff is very knowledgeable, and helpful. Whether it be tips offered on cuts of meat, or ways to cook it etc. they always will provide a helpful suggestion. Some of the other reviews mention that Von Hanson's can be pricey, and yes that is true. However the the quality of the product is always outstanding. One way I have found that really adds value is by signing up for their email coupons. The monthly deals they send out are really good. They often run specials for buy one get one free along with many other promotions. The frozen "meat packs" they offer are a really great thing. I personally love the Trim & Lean pack. It has a good  variety(several types beef, chicken, and pork), and is well priced!Von Hanson's  also has a pretty good selection of wine and beer. Not to mention  a very good amount of bbq/smoking supplies. There is a reason we keep coming back!!!
5	The Meat selection is AWESOME! they have everything a carnivore could ask for and then some. It has a great "old school" feel to it. lot's of craft beer and spirits as well.
3	I have been frequenting Von Hansons for a while now. Coming from a family who owned a meat shop back home it was nice to find one here that was similar...except that it is not. I generally like the selection of sausages and pork. Plus, they have a freezer section with all sorts of options if it's not fresh in the case.  I've found the service is better when it's busy. They let you browse and check-up on you every once in a while which is nice. However, over time I have found myself less and less inclined to purchase my meat from Von Hansons. Why? Because for a meat shop they do not cut-to-order and their portions are gigantic. I am 5'2" and in no way need a 16 oz. ribeye, and yet, that's all they ever have, or else they're larger. I've asked for a smaller one only to be turned down. I don't have the space or the need to order an entire ribeye cut into 10-12 oz. steaks. Same thing for the marinated chicken breasts. While they are more willing to butterfly them, I have noticed they free-hand the cutting and rarely do a good job. I would be better off to butterfly it myself and I freely admit I'm not great at the practice. The prices are okay, but a little high considering they only offer choice beef rather than stocking both choice and prime. If you need a good selection of meat, are in the East Valley, and want to avoid the grocery stores then Von Hansons is a great option. However, if you're looking for prime beef, cut-to-order service without calling ahead, and a true butcher experience look elsewhere.
4	It's pretty much a carnivore's dream here. They have various cuts of pork, beef, with some marinated chicken breasts. They even have a whole turducken in the freezer section for the ultimate poultry feast! They have a wide range of fresh, frozen, and smoked products, and chances are you will find something you will like to take home (Whether you had planned it or not!).We came here in search of fresh bacon and some sausages. They have an extensive selection of summer, smoked, and snack sausages in various flavors. They sell 2 different kinds of bacon- applewood and hickory, both double smoked. In addition, there is a varied selection of raw meats, treats, smoked pig parts, and organ meat for your dog. Non-meat wise, they have a good selection of wine and beer, various hot sauces, bbq rubs, oils (Including avocado oil), and bbq sauces. They also have a fine selection of various smoker wood chunks and chips, including woods such as cherrywood, applewood, hickory, etc.The cuts are big here, so go here if you are looking for a hearty meal to cook!We got some applewood smoked bacon ($8.99/lb.), a pound of Andouille smoked sausage ($6.99), and a smoked pig snout for our dogs ($2.99). The applewood bacon has a lot of moisture in it, so cooking times will be extended to make a crispy piece. The taste was OK, but I prefer The Pork Shop's bacon to Von Hanson's. Von Hanson's bacon was more salty, which hid more of the natural flavor and smokiness than bacon at The Pork Shop. Still, Chandler is a lot closer to us than Queen Creek, so we will be frequenting Von Hanson's for freshly cut meats and pork products!
5	Picked up some meats for my wife and visiting in-laws. 2 bacon wrapped filets, ribeye, chicken breast and kabob. Best cuts of meat I have ever purchased. When I was done grilling them, it was all I could do to keep them away while I was plating them. You will pay a little more per lb. then at a "supermarket" but in the end, you will savor every bite. The cuts are bigger/thicker and the meat tastes better. Splurge on yourself. - you deserve it!
5	I love their jerky! The turkey jerky is the BEST!!
5	Picked up some apple wood bacon, maple summer sausage and some pineapple, jalapeno, and cheese bratwurst (weird sounding, I know) both were incredible delicious and very very well seasoned and prepared. Ill cut the talk and get down to the nitty gritty, this places meat is f*$%ing delcious and of the best quality. Go try it your self.
3	I cannot review everything. I am sure their fresh meats are very good. But their jerky is some of the worst I have ever had. Its consistency is similar to shoe leather. Imagine if you bought some terrible Jack Links jerky from the grocery store and left the package open for about a week and a half to complete dry out. That's pretty much what you're getting with Von Hanson's jerky. The worst part: the meat is absolutely bland. There are no marinades or moisture to be found. The only flavor comes from the dry spices on the meat (which are little more than your basic cupboard spices). But the meat itself has not absorbed anything that could be remotely considered  flavor. The people behind the counter were perfectly nice, and I would probably eat anything else in the store. But their jerky recipe needs a lot of work.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE SO MUCHI regretfully say that I have lived 4 blocks from this place for about 2 years and have only knew of its existence for a couple of months. The cuts of meat here are amazing. We have tried the filet, NY strip, 4 different seasons chicken breast, and pork chops. Everything has been superb. They also have a nice selection sauces, charcoal, wood chips and beer. There are so many things I have yet to try! They even have seasoned pretzels and amazing seasonings. I have been in here many times and have always have a great experience.
1	Walked up to door with intention of entering to purchase meat for a BBQ we planned. Turned around and left when I saw the "No Firearms Allowed" sign in window. Called store to let them know that I have legal right to open carry in AZ and restricting my right even though as a private business you may, loses my business. No manager there to speak to. Told employee they lost my business and likely much more considering they are a stones throw from Guns Etc.Might as well put up a sign that says " Come And Rob Us!"Attention criminals: Customers and employees most likely all unarmed.
5	Just went here for my first time with no idea what to expect. The guy behind the counter was so friendly and helpful! I had to leave quickly after picking out some frozen elk patties and a stuffed chicken breast because I seriously would have bought everything... Thanks for all the help, I'm so excited to cook my chicken!
4	So I have come here a few times now for steak and let me tell you that was much better than the brats I had originally bought on my last review. I like when they have sales on things such as the petite sirloin wrapped in bacon and ribeye in bacon are my ultimate favorites. I absolutely addicted but the price on the ribeye obviously isn't very cheap. I had bought two ribeyes wrapped in bacon and two tiny slivers of grilling steaks(the cheap steak) and a small dog bone for what else my dog... All came out to 32+ dollars. I was like whoa whoa whoa for all that?? Really?? I couldn't believe it because when I bought just two filets wrapped in bacon (the biggest slices) it was 10 dollars! :(And to me that's an amazing deal for filets!
1	I went in to buy a center cut filet wrapped with bacon. They sold me what I thought was that, but turned out to be end cuts pressed together. When I called in, the guy I talked to was unapologetic, acting like it wasn't his problem. F you guys, you just lost a customer.
5	I LOVE Von Hanson's I never knew about this place until my mother in law brought me there for some lefse bread for her aunt. They have the best beef jerky! I also love that they have roulade beef there too! Shane is very helpful and so are the rest!
4	Excellent homemade jerky and a good selaction of fresh meat. Good servie. We like to talk to Becky and Ralph.
