3	Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli has finally opened just a few doors down from 168 Supermarket. And on its first day being opened to the public, it has already attracted a very nice crowd of eager patrons.From the hand written signs near the cashiers counter, it states that it is open everyday except Thursday. This little restaurant with seating capacity of 48 has a Breakfast Menu which is served from 7am to 11:30am, and a Lunch Menu served from 11:30am to 9pm. Since I was coming from work, by the time I had arrived it was already 11:36am and most of their breakfast items were sold out. Meaning no freshly made soy milk (or Iced Soy/Bean Juice as it is called in their menu) for me, which was the primary objective of this visit and the reason for skipping the free lunch at work. So I ordered the Beef Roll with Preserved Vegetable (it was that or the version made with pork), which was pretty much the only item available from the Breakfast Menu. And it was quickly served to me on a red china and still wrapped in the plastic wrap.  It is a sesame crusted thin bread stuffed with slices of braised beef with Chinese preserved vegetable.  It was alright. A little on the dry side, but a good experience to try their version thousands of miles away from the original in Taiwan and China.As I ate and looking over their menu I see that they also serve various handmade dumplings (such as "Steam Bao" aka Xiao Long Bao, which was also sold out), Spicy Beef Noodle (which I ordered), various Taiwanese Deli, Shaved Ice (which they don't currently serve), cold beverages and hot desserts. The back of their business cards also states in Chinese that they served Taiwanese style hot pots, but that is not in their menu, just like the breakfastitems are not listed in the menu. I also ordered "Temple Meatball" and Fish-Ball Soup (should be more accurately called Fuzhou fish ball).The first item I ordered arrived quickly, since it was premade and came on a plate still wrapped in plastic wrap.  It was okay, maybe too dried and lack much flavor to warrant trying again in the future.  After that it took pretty long for the items to be sent out the kitchen, since I doubt they were expecting this kind of crowd on opening day and they probably don't have any proper line cooks working in the back.  So by the time I finished everything and paid by bill it is 12:50pm already.The kitchen is definitely not ready for the better than expected turnout, but hopefully with more practice they will soon get the hang of it.  As of right now, there is no POS in use, so items that are out, must be communicated to the staff taking the orders as it comes in, and if not everyone is on the same page, you end up with customers waiting for a good long time, until they either ask about the status of their order or just gives up and pay for what they have already been served. Furthermore, the kitchen and the expeditor needs to agree on how orders are placed and executed, because the time for discussing how to handle order tickets is not in the middle of service.Food-wise, I thought it was just okay.  The best item I tried was the Spicy Beef Noodle, except I felt the beef needed to be braised longer, since not all of them were tender. There are also still a lot of things I want to try if they are actually available, so I will be back.Menu - sadly very typical of the mom and pop operations in that the English translations of menu items are 1) misspelled, 2) poorly translated, 3) utilises questionable word choice.  If the restaurant needs someone to correct their menu, I can do it. I just hate seeing simple words like tofu, noodle, chicken spelled correctly in one part of the menu and not in others. And I also can't understand why some parts of the menu is not translated at all, like the shaved ice. It is not that hard to translate select any 3 toppings, 4 toppings, etc for X price.Parking - pretty convenient since it is in the same plaza as 168 Market.Price - pretty reasonable for most items.3 stars.They also have shaved ice on the menu, but it is not available yet.
2	We went to have Taiwanese breakfast on Sunday morning. We got there just before 11:30am and they served breakfast only until 11:30am. It was after 11:30am by the time we got a table (it was packed in there), but luckily they still took our order for the breakfast special. It consisted of hot soya bean milk, Chinese donut, and a pastry bun. This typical Taiwanese breakfast combo was not bad for $3.99. The soya bean was very strong flavor and made fresh at the restaurant. The Chinese deep fried donut was not quite up to par, not chewy and holey enough, but okay. The pastry bun was flaky, although for my taste buds, I would prefer it to be filled with some sort of meat. We also ordered xiu long bao, salty rice roll and a beef sandwich. The xiu long bao was quite tasty, but a little on the small size. The salty rice roll which consists of glutinous rice wrapped around a Chinese donut with dried pork jerky was not bad. It tastes quite good, but the Chinese donut inside was overcooked and a little too hard for my liking. Lastly, the beef sandwich had slices of marinated beef in the pastry bun. It didn't come with any sauce, so to me the sandwich was on the dry side. The flavor of the beef could also be improved. So overall, I think this place is only deserving of 2.5 stars. Oh, one last note, although they have waitress to serve you, they also have a table at the side, where you can pick up your own plastic utensils, napkins and get your own water to drink. Pretty weird huh?
3	This is the only real Taiwanese Deli in town.What can you say? The best in town?I am just glad we have Champion back.We ate there the third day they opened. It's very typical of Taiwanese food made in America. I won't ask for more even if I was in L.A.If I want authentic, I'll fly back to Taiwan.
3	Being in so cal for 4 years before moving back to Vegas recently, I had the fortune of enjoying all kinds of Taiwanese food and my favorite by far is having Taiwanese breakfast, so when I spied Yi Mei and it's advertisement for Taiwanese breakfast delicacies, I was stoked!  Despite that the food caliber not being to so cal standards here, I was still happy as a clam that I got decent Taiwanese breakfast!Breakfast goodies:1.  Fresh soy milk!  You could tell that it was totally ground from scratch because it had nice fibrousy soy bean chunks in it.  I think that a boba straw would work better than the skinny one they provided.  Regardless of the difficulty of using the skinny straw, the soy milk was enjoyable, refreshing, and perfectly sweet.2.  Green onion pancake/Cong You Bing - I love this savory pancake usually for it's crispy and chewy texture.  Yi Mei got the texture right, but it lacked the savory/salty touch to make it perfect.3.  Juicy Pork Dumplings/Xiao Long Bao - These little juicy morsels certainly were not Din Tai Fung caliber and not bursting with juice and even slightly too salty, but overall, it was decently good.  4.  Spicy Beef Noodle Soup/Hong Xiao Niu Rou Mian - This soup was unique.  I've never had a tangy spicy beef noodle soup before, and I can say I actually like the tanginess.  The beef cubes were actually really tough.  No bueno on the chunks of beef.5.  Taiwan Style Noodles with Egg - Two nice bonuses in this soup.  Bacon bits + Fish balls filled with savory meat!  Bonus!!  6.  Potstickers/Wo Tie - These were the cutest lil' potstickers ever!  They were the size of a chinese soup spoon with a nice crispy char on the outside and juicy filling of pork and cabbage on the inside.  Though they were on the saltier side, nothing a dip in some vinegar couldn't fix.Conclusion:  Decent Taiwanese breakfast foods and fresh soy milk!!!
3	I wanted some hot soybean milk and Chinese donut (oil stick) for a while so finally, this morning I had some. We arrived at Taiwan deli at 10:45 and luckily no wait. There was one table open so we sat down quickly. Here are the things we ordered:Chinese donut (oil stick): 1.65-4*Sweet soy bean milk: 1.60-4*Baked sandwich: 1.65-very plain. Don't order it by itselfBaked beef sandwich with mustard green: 3.5-4*very beefy and flavorful after adding soy sauce. YumRadish pancake: 2.99-2*Because I had betterSteamed dumplings w/pork and leeks(little dragon buns): 4.99-2*very dry! No no no!Yeah, it's pretty hard to screw up the soybean milk and oil sticks, but it's pretty hard to find that combination here in Vegas so I am giving them 4* on that. Those prices that I have next to the items are a la carte prices. Right now, they do have a breakfast special, which is the soybean milk, Chinese donuts, and baked sandwich fir $3.99, which saves almost a dollar. All in all, I do like to have a traditional breakfast of soybean milk and oil sticks once in a while and this will be my go to place.
4	We ( My date and I ) checked out this newly opened Taiwanese Deli place that's next to Lelysee Bakery and near 168 Market.Reminds me of Tea Planet without the booth seats and colorful interior. They have some snacks and health products for sale that you can browse through if you like..They have a self serve utensils and water dispenser if you need an extra bowl or cup to share food or just to drink plain water.We ordered the Chrysanthemum Tea, which was delightfully refreshing to taste. I could drink 10 of these if there were refills.. but that's just wishful thinking. This is my all time summer drink to cool my body when I feel like I'm about to experience heat exhaustion... it works instantly and you literally feel relieved.. even to say... Aaaaaaaaaaah!!For dinner, we ordered two most popular Taiwanese dishes:Spicy Beef Noodle (Soup) - Surprised it wasn't overpowering with the spices that I thought it would have. It was actually just right in giving it a kick each time you took a sip. I actually really enjoyed this broth. I loved the noodles! It had a great texture as if it was homemade. Thicker than fettuccine noodles, but thinner width-wise. It was like udon noodles texture, but half its size... absolutely enjoyed every bite. The beef was like stew meat that is cooked for many hours... unfortunately I had to minus a star for the fact that some of the chunks of meat ( the ends/corners of it ) were quite tough to chew upon. And for that reason, I couldn't even eat the remainder of the beef chunks, but I did finish all the noodles, sliced green cabbage, and some kind of pickled shredded mustard green.Rice with Pork Chop - It also came with a boiled egg, steam greens, and ground pork. The coating is somewhat similar to katsu style, but this batter they dip the pork chop into and deep fry is on point! It had a light, airy crispy crunch on the outside.. which was my favorite!!! * My eyes lit up like Christmas lights in full blast from biting into a piece. Very tasty and satisfied all my taste buds. Even the meat was tender and juicy.  Bravo!! Bravooooo!!! I definitely recommend this dish if you love meat and deep fried food. It really hits the spot indefinitely :)They also open at 7a.m.- 11:30a.m. for breakfast, which I heard was incredibly cheap, but good. Service was quick, but not much smiles... At least my tummy was smiling and it put me in a great mood. Hey I'm an emotional eater... What? *Ladeedadee skipping away.....
3	Not bad for a "Taiwan Deli" in Las Vegas...being from Southern California it's harder to compare these restaurants in Vegas to the quality of the ones in LA.The Green Onion Pancake had no flavor because they didn't put much salt in it but it was also not as greasy as most places which was kinda good.Plenty of dishes to choose from I got my standard chicken and rice...but it just wasn't the same as other restaurants.
2	I went with my girlfriend and we were both excited about the restaurant because there isn't many Taiwanese food joints in the area.  We went in, the waiter took us to the table.  Service is at best a 3.  Not entirely her fault due to the joint having only 1 server.  The food:  at best a 4 and at worst a 1.   I feel generous about giving them a 3 rating because I haven't tried everything on their menu.  Nonetheless, everything was ok, but missing some major flavor component that makes Taiwanese food good (although I can't put my finger on it).   We ate the pancake (2), pork rice dish (4), the beef noodle (2.5), the simmered beef cold dish (4), wrapped rice (1), and a couple of drinks.
3	My Taiwanese friends love this place since they can get their basic breakfast here for cheap. However, the few times I've been here the place is so crowded that if you're JUST ONE PERSON, you'll never sit down and enjoy your food! Both times I came here they overlooked me for a larger group. Once I was sat, they moved me to share a different table with another small group. The food is ok but it's not the gem in the rough I was hoping for. Maybe I'm just not big into dipping a chinese donut into soy milk. It tasted bland to me.
3	found this place on yelp on my recent vacation to vegas... i was excited with the notion of a taiwanese breakfast place, but honestly, the food was ok, but the service was great! i love their breakfast tea!
5	Don't mind the 3 star rating. This place is de-ricious.What's up with everyone giving this place 2-3 stars because the "service was terrible". My family and I went here twice in one day and did not experience anything remotely close to bad service, despite every table being taken. In fact, the owner of the place actually came over and had a 15 minute conversation about how the place got start, what types of dishes we should try and what other places we should check out in the area. I took my parents to Vegas for the first time. The only request that they had was to check out Chinatown (yes, my parents are lame). I looked up a breakfast place to eat and found Yi Mei. I was a fan of the other locations in Southern California, so I decided to take them there. We were greeted right away and wait about 2-3 minutes for them to clear off a table. Unlike the other locations that I've been to, they had a huge menu included lunch & dinner items. I want apologize in advance, since I have to translate the dishes from Chinese to English and completely making the food sound unappetizing. We ordered a variety of things...soy milk (sweet and salty), Taiwanese style donut, scallion pancake, beef sandwich, "meat round" (Taiwanese dish with meat filling wrapped by a translucent rice cake). I have to say, growing up with Taiwanese food and living in Taiwan for a year, this place is as authentic as it gets. The food is made fresh to order and they do it very well. With all the food we ordered, the total was still less than 30 dollars. If you want a nice break from the expensive casino food, this place is a great option. A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky, engineering image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian  Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 8 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I am now an engineer that travels all over the world trying new foods and learning about different cultures.
4	We were fans of the Champion Gourmet on Spring Mountain and very sad when they closed down.  However, the Yangs (Bobby and Misti) were the first to tell us that they were reopening business in this shopping center and we anxiously awaited their grand opening.  What we loved most was their hot pot option - something that currently is not offered.  (Word from Auntie Bo directly said she'll be starting the hot pot business again come the new year! Yay!)We even missed out on the famous CMYE: Breakfast of Champions event, which got raving reviews and reinforced how fabulous the Taiwanese breakfast experience was there.  (We plan on hitting it up one of these days!)One day the Husband came home and said he wanted some Spicy Beef Noodle Soup from Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli. Apparently someone from work had been raving about it, and yelpers concurred!  So off we went to dinner!This is what we tried:   * Spicy Beef Noodle Soup ($6.99) - This is THE thing to order at Yi Mei.  Look around and you'll see every table have a bowl of this.  Every review talks about it and I can see why.  The Husband liked it and found the beef to be tender.  I was personally enjoying the noodle part more.  It had a good texture, something that Suki L. talks extensively about it in her review.  It also came with bok chopy and pickles, be sure to ask for more of those preserved pickles because they add a nice contrast to the dish.  Bring me a bowl of the noodles, broth, bok choy, and pickles and I'm good to go! * Special Fry Tofu ($4.99) - This was a long shot because we weren't sure exactly what was going to make this a 'special' fried tofu.  While we waited for this dish to arrive, the Husband asked if they had the stinky tofu still.  I wasn't sure since there was another dish on the menu called "Hot Spicy Special Tofu" and thought that may be the dish!  When it did come, it looked like before with pickled cabbage and a dipping sauce.  When I bit into it, it was definitely the stinky tofu.  The texture was a bit dried out, but the crispiness of the tofu was refreshing.* Green Onion Pancake ($2.99) - One pancake arrived and it was a bit thicker than what I'm used to getting. We needed to add some hot chili oil (and other condiments found on the table) to give it a little more of a kick.  I personally prefer thinner green onion pancakes.* Steamed Bao ($4.99) - Also known as Shanghai dumplings or Xiao Lung Baos.  They were the last to arrive.  There were eight small dumplings that were a little gummy and could have used a bit more time in the steamer.  I prefer it that way so the hot soup within the dumpling can burn my tongue a bit.This is a pretty casual restaurant where there is a self service station for hot tea, water, and utensils.  You'll find this on your immediate right when you walk in.  Take a seat and be sure they know you sat down so you'll get menus.  (Try to ignore the spelling errors on the menu.) And when you're ready to pay, head to the register and know what number table you sat on to help them out.This place is steadily busy, and not just from new customers who happen to be shopping at the nearby 168 Market.  But rather, these are long-time customers from their old restaurant.  You can tell they have a strong following.When the Husband was paying, he got a chance to meet and talk with Auntie Bo, who is just the friendliest lady.  That's when we heard that hot pot was returning come the new year and we were psyched!  You can't help but love the family-oriented atmosphere where regulars come to enjoy some quality homelike food.  She really makes an effort to know her customers!   Not only is Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli a restaurant, but it's a mini market as well. You'll find dried goods and refrigerated items for sale.  Take a look around for some interesting and unique goods!Update! 01.06.11 - I stopped by and asked Auntie Bo about the return of the hot pot. Looks like it's not going to happen anymore. =(  She said they just don't have the staff to do it.  Oh well.  But she did mention Dragon House as an option for hot pot which I can confirm!
2	we went there on Chrstmas day for lunch, food was ok but the servers is slow........i mean very slow i have to wait 1 hour to get my food. not really happy about that.
2	I wasn't super impressed with this place. Based on reviews and word of mouth, I was excited to try given the lack of good Taiwanese food in town. I got my group together and we headed over.Well, I was pretty disappointed by the selection of menu items and found it hard to read. I'm used to misspellings, grammar error and non-translated verbiage... but this was ridiculous. My whole party had a tough time navigating our way through the menu, even my friend who knows Taiwanese. When we finally decided what we wanted and ordered, we were excited about our meals coming out. I have to say, I was pretty disappointed. I did enjoy some of the food we had ordered, but a majority of it was bland. I didn't feel the need to lick my plate and that makes me sad. I needed more spice or flavor to almost everything I ordered and the textures were a little off as well.I left feeling hungry and unfulfilled, as did the rest of my party.
4	Flavorful beef noodle soup
1	What a disappointment. I've been to the Yi Mei in Cali, and was so excited they have one here. Maybe I got too excited, and thus my disappointment was even more so. This place is definitely not the same. Although they sell the same menu, the food just taste bad. Turnip cake was a failure, and didn't have the sweet sauce on it either. It took forever and still wasn't worth it. Egg wrap was decent I guess. What is with the soy milk? How come i order sweeten soy milk, and it is basically regular soy milk and you have to add your own sugar? If I have to add my own sugar, I feel like I'm a step closer to diabetes.  The service...Idk. We were told to wait because there were many people, and then people that came in after us got seated before is. Pretty much they forgot to seat us, and when they did, we sat under the construction area where there was probably asbetos falling down. I didn't mind the somewhat poor service as long as it's good food, but the food wasn't good. I don't think I'll come here again. Too disappointed.
4	My wife and I are foodies and having relocated from HK to here we are in constant search of all of our "favorites" from asia.  Being that we would take food vacations to taipei we walked into Yi Mei with some trepidation.Now before I continue on, I do want to mention that HK is not actually a great place for taiwanese food (or else we wouldnt go on foodie trips to taipei).We ordered the spicy beef noodle soup.  Had a little bit of heat but not sweating sort of spicy.  Which was great because it had a great taste that would've been covered up had it been too spicy.  Very nice!  It was also quite big, I am used to the little paper bowls of beef noodle soup in the alleyways of taiwan, not the american sized portions.  Couldnt finish it all and the waitress (the owners grand daughter) was great and brought me 2 containers 1 for the soup the other for the noodles so it wouldnt go all soggy together.  My wife ordered the steamed pork rice.  I knew it was good as soon as she declared "I'm not sharing!"  Of course she did and it was very good we were impressed. My wife had the cold soy milk and enjoyed it I ordered the hot and had to put sugar in it, home made and nice. everything was home made and it was like having a personal taiwanese grandma cooking for us.Then onto the Xiao Lum Bao.  the filling was good the skin a little thick and not enough "soup" inside the dumpling.  These took awhile but they were by far the best I have had in the USA.  Din Tai Fun sets a very high bar,we have gone to the DTF in taipei, shenzen, hong kong, singapore and jakarta (no pork at DTF in jakarta no pork dumplings suck).Great food, nice family atmosphere place.  We will be going back anytime we plan on going to the 168 market for shopping.
2	***** Worst Beef Noodle Soup ***** The instant beef noodle soup (Nissin- I believe) is better.  Seriously, go put that in the microwave and it'll be better.  And trust me, I am a snob.  I grew up in a town with alot of Taiwanese people.I'll give it 2 stars because the niu rou xiao bing (don't know the english name) but it' s like a flaky pastry with beef inside is good.  There's some decent stuff here and I guess since there's not a plethora of Taiwanese options, I can see why people are reviewing higher.
4	I had the fan tuan (rice ball) and love it! The fried Chinese "donut" was crispy and fragrant. They don't skimp on the pork floss and the rice was just the right texture, not too hard, but solid enough to maintain structural integrity and offering the perfect level of chewiness. The fan tuan here was WAY better than the one from their LA store.I also had the beef shao bing (sandwich-like thing). I was caught off guard that it came cold. I mean, I get that it's prepared but couldn't they at least serve it lukewarm? or room temp? I couldn't eat it cold so I had the waitress reheat it for me. After the reheating, it was pretty good, but but blow-my-mind spectacular. The dough was crispy and the beef was okay. The douhua (soy...jelly?) was very refreshing. I love that it was not too sweet and you can add sugar to your liking.Get the fan tuan.
5	Lawrence C. must be talking about the Korean joint next door to Yi Mei cause the beef noodle soup here is as good as it gets. I came here with my family and the meal was absolutely delicious (and to Emily R: the menu is just fine; items are understandable; there are just some things that are lost in translation). The beef noodle soup was full of beef. Not only that, but this beef was so deliciously tender. The noodles were infinitely better than Lawrence described... The soup was very lite, and not oily like many beef noodle soups that I've had before; the noodles weren't overcooked or undercooked. For an appetizer, I ordered the beef  tendon and that was very flavorful (I ordered it spicy) and was a pretty large order for the $2.50 that we paid for it. We also ordered a handful of other items off the menu like shao bing, fan tuan, soy milk, and a few other pastries and they all were excellent for the price. Everything was flavorful, but not overwhelmingly so at any point. The soy milk they serve plain so you're able to add sugar to your liking (just like in Taiwan!). No corn syrup crap here.I would come here over and over again if I lived in the area but alas, it's an 8+ hr drive from where I live :(Don't know if any claims on Yelp mean anything, but my family is Taiwanese too and we enjoyed the meal so that might mean something...?
3	This is an okay representation of Taiwan street food. The owners are very nice. The food is all right, nothing comparable to something you can find in LA.
4	I gotta bump up the rating to one more star for an improvement in the juicy dumplings (xiao long bao) and potstickers (guo tie).We went for a lazy Sunday morning breakfast at Yi Mei.  We mainly went for noodles, but we didn't know that noodle dishes are not available until lunch time.  It definitely worked out because the server recommended the pot stickers.1.  Pot Stickers - Juicy lil' baby morsels of meat and add in the crispy fried skin2.  Juicy Pork Dumplings - improvement!  the meat wasn't as salty.  the skin was thinner, which is better in my mind.  juicier but still not as juicy as din tai fung caliberConclusion:  up 1 star for improvement and juicy and flavor factors!
4	I am so happy to have found an authentic Taiwnese restaurant for breakfast.  I do miss my hot soy milk and chinese donut and they do it well here.  We tried several dishes including ones not so... breakfast-y because I just wanted to try them.  As usual, I end up ordering too much had couldn't finish it all, but very satiated as I walk out knowing that I sample great number of dishes and still have money left to gamble.... Next day, we came back, though right after we've had a lunch (at another restaurant on my list to try) and walked away with handful of take outs to enjoy in our hotel room for late night snack.....
5	Can't find a better asian place to get breakfast anywhere in Vegas.
5	Owner/chef Borman Yung is a charming, incandescent, talented cook and businesswoman.  I met her a few weeks ago when I popped my head in to see what Yi Mei was all about...she immediately began to ply me with deliciousness (but truth be told, I'd just had a huge lunch at China Mama) so I promised her I'd return.  So when I was invited to lunch today by two of my favorite students and adventurous eaters, I knew they'd love exploring Yi Mei with me...and we had a blast.First, I reviewed what previous reviewers have said on yelp - cross referencing it with the menu she gave me and John Curtas' thoughts...then I dug in and made a list of the dishes that I knew we should try on our first pass -- and it was an amazing first visit...Spicy Beef Noodle soup was terrific...well balanced delicious - not that spicy...but really good... and the noodles...oy.Scallion Pancake...textbookBeef roll...honestly this was my least favorite - but the pickled cucumber and and the kimchee with it were so good, I didn't care.Sticky Rice Roll with shredded pork...think sweet, fuzzy, crispy, umami chewiness...awesome.  totally the first time I've ever had anything like this before and I loved it.  Sesame Sauced Wide Noodles that were divine...rich, garlicky, warm, with scallions.  again - the noodles were perfectly cooked - so wonderful.  XLB that were perfectly sized...finally, I didn't feel like I was going to choke because I had too much in my mouth - these were heavenly. The broth inside wasn't scalding - but I've had them enough now to know how to eat them - with great respect...Potstickers - no, not redundant, completely different in technique - and with the addition of leeks to the minced pork, these, too, were just perfect.Two of us ordered chrysanthemum teas - another ordered winter melon juice which was like drinking raisin-honey water...completely surprising and delicious.So, as table after table of Chinese left, giving us thumbs up, we realized we'd clearly ordered and eaten impressively...We just couldn't stop....That's when we met Borman...I kept looking for the darling woman I'd met the first time - but she wasn't there... (because she was cooking...)  She came out to see how we liked everything - and I smiled... she said her 80 year old mother had taken the day off... so she was in the kitchen.  We raved to her - so with that she picked out her two favorite desserts and cups of freshly squeezed soy milk and presented them to us, on her.   I didn't think I could eat another bite - but naturally, we soldiered on through what I thought would be sickeningly sweet...I was wrong... everything was subtle, interesting, unlike anything I'd had before - although somewhat recognizable.  From the sun cookie with the chinese symbol on top. to the sweet fried bread, to creamy, but refreshingly wonderful...I was hooked.  She told us about her breakfast.  We talked about her children - which is why she came to America - for their education...one's a doctor in Ohio, the other also a doctor with an MBA... She left behind a producing career in radio in Taiwan to support them here...and hasn't looked back... Single now, she's funny and contagiously happy, a wonderful story teller and completely passionate about doing things right.  I never knew how soy milk was made - she gave us a detailed lesson - and probably would have given us a demo, had we asked...I'll have to remember to do that next time.  As we left, she asked me how many folks I worked with, and sent me back to the office with three boxes of pineapple cakes for them - and plenty of menus - and an offer to do anything to help whenever I might need it... : ) She also mentioned proudly her Yelp event...and how much she adores Misti and her husband...how she met them, and raved about his musical talent and regaled us with stories of them and Kevin Costner... ask her!   This is one of the reasons I've really grown to love Las Vegas - the possibility of finding special treasures like this - Yi Mei and Borman - one and the same - inextricably intertwined, families doing what they love - and loving us in the process...  Go, eat.  Open 7 days, 7am - 9pm.
1	I woke up this Sunday morning with a craving for fried donut and wonton soup.  My mom and I went to Wendy's noodle cafe and realized they only open for lunch.  So we decided to try this place since I've read some reviews and heard about this place from a few friends.  I cannot understand how people are giving this place 4 or 5 stars. Where do I begin...first the service was horrible.  Right after we came in I realized this is one of those places where you seat yourself.  I don't have a problem with that so we picked a table.   After 10 minutes wait we still hadn't seen any service in the entire dining area so I went to the counter while thinking maybe this is a place where you order at the counter and serve yourself.  The lady at the counter told me she'll come right out to take our order.  Another 5 minutes later a different waitress came out and started taking order from a group of people who came in after us.  So I had to go to the counter again and the waitress who told me she'd be right out was just hanging there doing nothing.  Very much like the service the food was also a disappointment.  I wanted something soupy but they didn't have any soup (including the beef noodle soup) available for breakfast.  So I ordered fried donut, beef pancake and soy milk.  The fried dough (or donut) was probably the worst I've had.  Part of it was overly crunchy and the rest was like chewing on paper.  The beef pancake came out in saran wrap which made it look not freshly made.  It's not horrible but I've definitely had better ones (like the one in China Ma Ma).  The taste was bland and I had to use a lot of hot sauce.  The flaky outside was so crispy that it just fell all over on the table when I tried to unwrap it.  What a mess.  I expected soy milk but I think she brought me the soy tofu thing.  Anyway the dish already had fried donuts in there.  Any decent waitress would warn the customers that they may not need the additional order of fried donut but apparently not here.  The dish was below average from presentation to taste.  Overall I don't think there's anything about this place that will make me go back.  They may have better things for lunch or dinner but I don't really care about finding that out.
4	I didn't interact here as much as I usually would because they're very Asian here. My mom brought me here and she did the ordering, all of it. I was also on the phone so I didn't witness much in the beginning.I've grown up with oil sticks so this was a pretty awesome place for me to go to. Usually I'd eat oil sticks and fried taro and the like in China or New York or something.We ordered a breakfast meal pretty much. It was just veggie-pork bun and oil sticks and this sweet soupy stuff. I totally forgot the name. If you look at the menu, everything looks cheap. It's about $1-4 range (the menu on the wall). I'm probably going to come here a lot with friends now and get random stuff here and there. It's as close as I've been to to the food that I grew up eating for breakfast.I'll be back for sure!
5	I love this place. I had spicy beef soup, pork & leek dumplings and spicy peanut noodles. Everything was great but the spicy peanut noodles seem to miss something and I couldn't pin point it, so I just added hot chili sauce. The whole meal was just $23 not including tip. I was a but confused with the drinks in the fridge, my friend grabbed what she thought was soy milk but by the end of the meal we forgot to ask what exactly it was. It is quite small so when it gets busy, you may have to wait or order to go.
3	We tried the beef roll, xiao long bao, and the green onion pancake. The beef roll wasn't as meaty as I expected, and the wrap was more tortilla-like instead of crisp and flaky on the outside. The xiao long bao were fresh off the steamer and pretty good. The green onion pancake was a bit thick for me and didn't have much green onion.
4	It was Sunday and we were coming off our high of an exciting and fun weekend in Vegas.  It only seemed appropriate for us to "sober up" with some traditional Taiwanese breakfast foods.  The place was slightly out of the way but we were still up and at 'em early enough to avoid those who waiting until check-out time to run for the CA border.It wasn't busy which was a relief (possibly due to its location) and when we walked in, we were promptly given a clean and spacious table.  The restaurant isn't big but it wasn't crowded either.We ended up ordering a bunch of stuff.  The best of which were:Egg cake with Chinese donut - we thought the egg cake would be wrapped around one Chinese donut but it was two.  Massive!  and we ordered 3 of them!!Taiwan-style stir fried rice noodles - topped with a meat sauce...totally reminded me of home.Stinky tofu - not too stinky but the garlic soy sauce paste they serve with it was so yummy, the tofu ended up being a vehicle for the soy sauce instead of the other way around.Tofu custard soup (salty) - looks almost like a hot and sour soup.  some people might find it bland but I couldn't get enough of itCold soybean milk - very fresh and tasty, naturalThe not as impressive:Oyster pancake - I noticed they used clams.  CLAMS!  That's very different from oysters and make the pancake very terrible.  The sauce they used was also too sweet.Taiwan-style "meat ball" - this is really some ground up meat and bamboo shoots inside a skin made of rice flour so it's chewier.  Texturally, it was good.  The meat itself was seasoned well.  Unfortunately, they used the same sauce on it as on the oyster pancake - too sweet!Steam pork/veggie bun - I didn't personally try this but my friends said it was dry.Milk tea - they used some wierd condensed milk which threw off the taste of the tea and it was further ruined by the fact they didn't use Taiwanese black tea (red tea in Chinese).Service was very good and friendly with the owner/lady coming over to chat with us briefly.  We thanked them a lot and they thanked us a lot and in the end, everyone was happy.  I hope we can make this a Vegas tradition!
4	Sweet potato cake is so good!!Egg pancake is good too!!Most of the stuff is great here!!
5	Definitely order the beef noodle soup!  The noodles are plentiful and the beef is exceptional.
5	I love this place.I went there 2 times in 2 days because I loved it to much.Their soy milk is awesome.... I would recommend getting one sweet and one non sweet and mixing them (I like a little sugar...but not a lot).Their "rice balls" or more like "rice burritos" is amazing... get the salted one.  It has a chinese donut and pork sung (dried pork) inside.Other things I would recommend is the vegetable and pork buns, their beef wraps and also their egg pancake for breakfast.
4	Love this place. Reminds me of the foods I used to eat when I was a kid back in Taiwan.  The noodle dishes are great. And the foods displayed at the display cases are good too, marinated eggs, veggies, all foods from my children.  It helps to speak Chinese or know exactly what you want because the staff seems to speak limited English. But they're nice and the language deficiency should not deter your visit.  Prices are great as well.
4	We made 12:15pm reservation at Mesa Grill but I was starving at 10am.  I was in need for a quick bite to eat.  I really wanted to try Yi Mei because reminds me of food from my childhood.  I knew I couldn't order everything from menu.  I went with juicy pork buns.  One of my favorite of all time.  The juicy pork bun comes 8 per order and needed 15 minutes to cook.  I wasn't in a rush.Yi Mei could have provide water or tea while I waited.  Waitress didn't bring me anything to drink and wasn't her fault since I didn't order a drink.  I have never been a fan of soy milk and seem the poplar drink at this restaurant.  20 minutes and the pork buns were done.  They were delicious with ginger, vinegar, soy sauce on the side.  I had some fancy duck dish for lunch at Mesa.  But it didn't compare pork bun dish at Yi Mei.  That I will remember for rest of my life.Next time 5 stars if Yi Mei brings me some water or tea with food.  I'm willing to pay for water.
5	I've been to this place a couple of times and now I think I'm ready to review this little Taiwanese deli place. First of all, the people are very friendly here. All the employees here are very polite and very energized to work.  They will get you anything in less than 10 seconds. And that's fast.  Every time I came here I always order their spicy beef noodle soup. It's the best in town!  It's got plenty of flavor in it and the soup is so addictive. I always drink it till the last drop.  The beef  is cooked to perfection, so soft and tender it will just melt in your mouth, and the noodle are perfect chewy texture. 5 starsI've also tried their smoke chicken over rice and that was very yummy also. The place is kinda small but will fit a family of 4 easily, just don't come during lunch time cause then there's no more seats and you'll have to wait!
5	Great and very authentic Taiwanese food. It's like stepping into a Taiwanese restaurant. Service is more 2-3 stars, but authenticity and good food takes it to 5 stars for me! We go here so much they know us and my daughter who can order her own food! In Mandarin!Service is a mix between wait service and "help yourself". For water and tea, you usually have to get it yourself. They'll take your order and bring food and other things you need (when you ask), but then you pay at the register.
3	The food here is very mediocre for breakfast. It wasn't very authentic tasting at all. The shao bin was really really dry and the you tiao was way too crispy. The Taiwanese sausage dish we got was really greasy and felt/tasted like they kept it outside for over a day already. The food over all was not TERRIBLE but I would go somewhere else next time if I have a choice.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE. This is as asian as I will get. I've only tried a couple things on the menu but this places makes me happy. I always, always get the salty rice roll. It tastes just like my mama's and takes me back home :) The chive pancakes, another yummy one! The only thing I don't like about it is how deep fried/crunchy it is.Service here is pretty quick, the people taking your order are only friendly on occasion.To people who are not of the asian culture: they probably seem like they are really rude when you walk in....but thats just the way the are, lol.
5	I love love their mochi, peanut, black sesame and red bean, all delicious! They make it in house. Friendly people.
4	I was fortunate to be introduced to this place by a friend (who actually was visting Las Vegas). Definitely a place that I know frequent when I am craving true Taiwanese breakfast food or spicy beef noodle soup. And every time I do check in here, my friend from LA is jealous!I havent had that many things on the menu here, but thats only because I tend to order the same thing! For $2.25 you can get the salty rice rolls (with preserved pork inside). These things are so good and they are made fresh to order! The other thing I always get is the spicy beef noodle soup with tendon. This rivals many of the places I go to in LA and the portion is actually bigger here. Definitely some comfort food, especially after a long night of drinking.If you are craving some authentic Taiwanese food, this is the place to be!
2	2 stars for the deep fried pork roll n green onion pancake n cold soda.Shao lung bao had zero broth inside the dumplings... Broth within most important part of shao lung bao ( shanghai dumplings).Hot n spicy wonton were Tasteless.Ordered stinky tofu but never go it. Air conditioning was weak if any existed... Everyone was fanning themselves.Don't plan on going back.
5	I'm a cooking instructor in China and my parents are from Taiwan and we love this place.  I usually don't look forward to eating Chinese food when I visit from China (too much there), but this is one of the only places I'll go because it reminds me of Taiwan.  The owner's daughter makes a lot of the food that they serve and she is very passionate about food.  I kept asking her questions on how to make a lot of the food and she enthusiastically walked me through her processes.  She even brought out the dough for some of the Youtiao (chinese donutto show me how to do it, and explained the length of time it takes her to do it.  They also get up early to make their own soy milk.The spicy beef and tendon noodle soup is delicious.  My mother also tends to get the stinky tofu there, which I very much enjoy too.  They also sell frozen products like Zongzi (Chinese stuffed banana leaf filled with rice and other goods).  They stand by all of the products they make and are very authentic.  The wontons in spicy oil are also very good here.  The service is just laid back and relaxed.  Expect to get your own water from the dispenser and help yourself to the sodas in the fridge.  Also very affordable.
4	Lunch today was wonderful. Hospitality was the greatest. Very helpful that English was spoken, sometimes that does make ordering difficult at other locations. Food was primarily steamed, not fried in grease. I'm liking that a lot! We'll be back.
4	Awesome TW breakfast! also love their beef noodle soup!
4	This place is great for the most part. There are some days where the food is inconsistant and just terrible, but out of all the times I've been here, it's usually pretty good. I LOVE the stinky tofu here. It's hard to find good stinky tofu, but this place is my number 1 spot for stinky tofu. They also make their soy milk from scratch! Yum! Also order the beef stew noodle. This item if gone on the right day is delicious. But when the soup is new, the the soup isn't as flavorful but still ok.The service? When coming here, forget about the service. You don't get service. Service here is terrible. The servers have no desire to "work it" and make there tips here. Not only do you serve yourself water, but the after dropping off the food, it's rare for you to see another server for a while. The atmosphere of this place is crappy. Its a small dinky place with only a few tables, and it feels cramped and crowded. Only reason this gets a four star is because of the food. I love Food, and can careless about the service or the atmosphere.
5	AMAZING FOOD!!! The most authentic Taiwanese food I have had since visiting Taiwan! Breakfast and lunch specialties that can't be found anywhere else in Vegas! My mother-in-law is from Taiwan and this is her favorite restaurant when she comes into town. The spicy beef noodle soup is a must have when you come here! The portions are large so I usually share with my wife. Everything is made fresh to order, and they have a huge selections of dishes. Some of our other favorites include:spicy wanton soupfried onion pancaketurnip cake with a fried egg on top (Luo Buo Gao)Pork and mushroom steamed bunsCurry meat piesSun cakesSoy bean milk (made fresh daily)rice roll (fan tuan)twisted cruller (you tiao)Baked wheat cake (shao bing)Fried pot stickersAnd several more that I can't remember right nowA MUST TRY FOR ANY ASIAN FOOD LOVER!!!
4	Very authentic Chinese breakfast restaurant. I heard the soy milk is made freshly here. Ordered the salty rice roll (fried Chinese donut, shredded dried pork wrapped with sweet rice). It was very good. Also order the Taiwan style meat rice roll. It beats the frozen one I used buy from the supermarket. Very tasty. Too bad they didn't serve stinky tofu in the morning.  I've heard so much about this Taiwanese delicacy. Simple place, delicious food, friendly people. I shall be back next time I am in town.
1	I went Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli. So when i was there i ordered Taiwanese Gua Bao "Braised Pork Slice in a steamed bun". i waited for my food it has been 20 minutes. I thought that maybe there making it really nice and yummy. After waiting like a YEAR.........IT FINALLY CAME!!! Then when i saw it. It had cling wrap all over it. And you can tell it was it microwaved. YUCK! Never coming back EVER!!! XP
4	This little Taiwanese place had the best Spicy Beef Noodle soup I've tried in Las Vegas.
5	This place is close to the strip and has amazing Taiwanese breakfast. They serve fresh unsweetened soy milk, and yummy rice ball. One would think deep-fried Chinese donuts would be good, right? But nope, they may be fried in old oil. Here, they have fresh oil! The deep-fried donuts are crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Next time I am in Vegas, I will most def swing by for breakfast. Plus, for 2 people, my bill came out to be less than $12.
1	Been there few times and everytime its a disappointment. Most of the things were microwaved.
3	We went there on a Wednesday morning in a hurry. There was a lot of people in the restaurant. I think they were from a vacation tour. I was not very happy to see that they cater to large groups like that, because the limited time we have. It took awhile before we ordered, but the food came out quick. All the items we ordered were pre-made anyway. We ordered 2 hot soy milk, 2 youtiao(fried dough), 1 shaobing( baked sesame cake). The food was pretty good. I was disappointed that they don't offer the special anymore though.
3	I love all Taiwanese food, but especially taiwanese breakfast, so I was super psyched to find this place.  Here's what we ordered:oyster pancake - bleh bleh bleh.  the sauce was was REALLY cinnamon-y, and not thick enough.  It really didn't taste like oh ah jian (forgive me, I don't know ping ying) at all.  Plus, it was 7 whopping bucks.dan bing (egg pancake) - really eggy, but the bing wasn't crispy enough.  it's hard to mess up dan bing though.salty soy milk (shian do jiang) - VERY tasty.  It's a small-ish bowl, but for 3 bucks, it's not bad.  Lots of vinegar and pork sung.  Would definitely order again.pork chop rice - The pork chop was okay (but I'm not a huge fan of pork chop), but the seasoned pork and vegetable on the side (the zho zhau) was REALLY good. stewed pig ear and bean curd - this tasted pretty much like you would expect.  Decent flavor, though the bean curd was a bit on the salty side.They have tons of other breakfast items that we didn't get a chance to try, but will update once we come back.  I would have given this place 4 stars if not for that horrid oyster pancake.  Plus, any place that serves decent taiwanese food in the middle of the desert is alright in my book! :)
1	...Food does not taste good, wait for a long time, I dont  want back again...
5	What a fun food find!!  Are there places like this in SoCal? If so where are they and why haven't I discovered them yet. It was cold and pouring rain outside. Errant summer storm in Las Vegas. I scurried in from the parking lot and it was so nice to have an order of freshly made soy milk plopped down in front of me. Odd that it was served in a big soup bowl but it was piping hot and fragrant and i didn't hesitate to try it. I added some sugar to it as directed by the waitress and drank it like soup with my fat Chinese spoon. Wonder why they don't serve it in a cup or mug? Oh well if this is how they do it in Taiwan then this is how I'll do it here. Choices, choices, so many choices. I had the worst time trying to decide what to order. Everything sounded so promising and fun. Yelp photos helped me settle on the spicy beef noodle soup but I added a twist and ordered the one that had tendons in it and I am glad I did.Forget bone marrow it's all about tendons! I love the melt in your mouth texture. I googled tendon nutritional value and found that tendons are high in protein, collagen and are 99% fat free.  Choo chooo put me on the Tendon Train. Delicious.I also had the temple meatball which was really flavorful and had a fantastic texture. Highly recommend that dish. The only dish I wasn't very fond of was the rice ball roll thing(sorry don't know names) I asked for something to go that was easy to eat while driving and the waitress recommended it. It was also something I saw a photo of on yelp and people seemed to enjoy it but I found it unhealthy tasting. Everything I ate up to that point tasted clean and healthy but this had fried components that made me feel bad about myself afterwards.Bummer. I still give the place 5 stars for everything else.  I can't help it if my palate seems adverse to fried food. Others seem to enjoy the fried stuff just fine.
4	I love their spicy beef and tendon noodle soup. It comes in this bowl that looks small in circumference but is deep, so it's a lot of food. The noodles are cooked just right, beef could be a bit softer, but there's very little fat in it, and the broth is hot and spicy. There's only a few places I go in town to get my beef noodle fix, and this is on the top of my list. If you don't speak Mandarin or look Chinese, I find that they tend to make the soup less spicy because they don't think you can handle it, so ask the waitress to make the soup super spicy.They have a wide variety of Taiwanese dishes, ranging from breakfast to lunch items. I haven't tried their breakfast, so I can't comment on it. But they do have the typical Taiwanese appetizers and dishes, such as pig's ear, oyster pancake, and pork chop rice. The only dish I'm not a fan of is the noodles with the spicy peanut sauce, only because it tastes like peanut butter and chili garlic sauce mixed together. Service is on the lackluster side, they like to assume that if you look Chinese, you must be able to speak Mandarin and nothing else (like Cantonese). If you want water, you have to go to the water dispenser to get some. There's usually only one waitress working, so if you don't want to wait to pay for your bill, it's better to just go up to the register and do it. Also, there's a minimum $10 order if you're using a debit or credit card. Overall, Yi Mei has some great Taiwanese food but their service could use some improvement.
4	With our schedules often in conflict, my mom and I rarely get to eat meals together. Some planets aligned, call it fate, whatever. We finally had the opportunity to have a late Saturday lunch together, courtesy of this Taiwanese deli. Initially, we were going off of her dim sum craving, but decided to try something different. *cue my devious plan to suggest one of my many Yelp bookmarks*After browsing the menu for a few minutes, we decided on the pork chop rice and the three cup chicken rice. Didn't take very long to get our food and man, their portions are HUGE. One of our entrees could've fed two or three people, so you should either come famished or bring a friend! We ended up splitting the crispy fried pork chop and taking the other entree home. Both dishes had their respective meats, some steamed or blanched vegetables, a large helping of rice, and a soy sauce egg. Mmm, did that meal hit the spot or what?Service was courteous and friendly, but you may have to get your own napkins and water. If you're afraid of language barriers, it turns out some of them speak English, so no fear! My mom and I speak a lesser known dialect, but we managed with the Mandarin we knew. Also, you're probably better off bringing cash to pay the bill, but most Asian establishments are like that.Definitely want to try their other offerings, especially their breakfast items and noodle soups.
1	Food is definitely mediocre.  The "service" or disservice is even worse.The young "waitress" delivered the wrong food to our table.  I kindly told another waitress about it.  The young waitress rushed to our table and loudly accused me of wrongfully ordering the wrong food.  When she brought out the ordering slip to accuse me of my mistake, it showed I was right.  She quickly whisked away the wrong dish, without a hint of apology.
3	Came here for a quick breakfast before a day of skiing, and it was great that this place is open at 7am! (So that we could make it to the slopes by 9) Service was quick and the menu was pretty extensive.We had an assortment of the standard Chinese breakfast fare (although there were a few menu items that were unavailable). The you tiao were alright, but I really liked their green onion pancake! Overall a great place to grab some authentic Chinese breakfast!
4	Four of us from the SF/LA area tried the Taiwanese breakfast at this hole-in-the-wall.Recommend:  Spicy beef soup with tendon, Taiwan sweet spicy cabbage, tendon brisket tofu, beef sandwich.Okay:  Green onion pancake with egg, salty rice roll (fan tuan), pot stickers.Not so great:  Sweet soy milk (not at all sweet), Chinese donut (not crispy).
4	This place was highly recommended.  Overall pretty good1. Spicy beef and tendon noodle soup was awesome love it.  the tendon was good, beef was tasty2. Beef balls - terrible :) we did not like it at all 3. Chicken in pork roll skin - very niceOverall I would say if you know what to order it is really good.  The ambiance was great.
4	SPICY BEEF TENDON AND PORK CHOP WITH NOODLESPleasantly amazed by the portions and quality contents of both soups.  Pretty much takes the air away from the other Taiwanese noodle hot spot Hot Pot Noodles @ Spring Mountain Center.  Excellent pricing, very good service and clean. Could stretch this review to a five star. Next visit might do it for them.  Right next door to 168 Market.
5	I came to Las Vegas for the CES 2013! This is the 4th year we are here! 5 star hotel buffets are always the best choice for us in the past 3 years! We went to something different this year and they are the best experience in my whole life! My two friends live in Taiwan and they went to this restaurant with me three times during the CES show! We order the lunch box two times! You can tell how much we love this restaurant! I am the restaurant owner in NY! I do know if you go to one restaurant and you see the owner there all the time! You can feel release and sure that you will get the best food just like cook from the owner's home kitchen! The meal is for the family members not just customer! I am sure I will fly to Vegas just for the food in Taiwan deli again this year!
4	Located at the corner of S. Jones and Spring Mountain near the 168 Market, this small humble eatery provides a comprehensive array of Taiwanese breakfast items that elicit childhood nostalgia for many 1st generation Taiwanese/Chinese folks and are definitely on the must-eat list for those of us second-generation folks who have been fortunate to have made a pilgrimmage back to Taiwan (or as I like to call it, Foodie Island).  Soybean milk-  this is not the chalky stuff that you find in your supermarket that adds a nice dimension to your latte or cereal, this is enjoyed straight up either as a sweetened cold/hot beverage or in a savory form where a shot of vinegar and soy triggers a reaction so that the soymilk takes on a creamy custardization accented by little bits of green onion and pickled veggies.  For those with discernible palates, I've been informed by reputable sources that the soybean milk across the street at China Mama is superior.Rice Ball (Fan Twan)- a classic item my parents used to grab on the go while heading to school, don't be fooled by the simple name.  This is steamed sticky rice enclosing a savory deep fried chinese doughnut and pork sung.  The ratio of the rice and filling is perfect and it's as classic a combination as pb and j.Temple meatball (Ba Wan)-  not sure if there are any other places in town that offer this, and fortunately they make a wonderful version of this popular street food item.    Finely chopped mushrooms, bamboo, and stir-fried pork encased by a glutinous tapioca flour bun and bathed in a thick orange sweet savory sauce that has an additional note similar to cinnamon/star anise, this one will flood your head with umami and makes me think if boba and dim sum were to conceive a rockstar child, this would be it.Spicy Beef Noodle soup-   Served piping hot and can easily feed 2 or more, the meat is impeccably braised and comes with garnishes of pickled mustard greens, cilantro, scallions, and bok choy.  Detractors might say it is on the oily side and is way spicy (in which case the version at Noodle Pot may be closer to your liking), otherwise this one punches you in the face and is not shy on flavor in the best way possible.Leek Pancake- A deep-fried empanada filled with garlic chives, scrambled egg, tofu, and mung bean noodles, this is a tasty rendition if you really like garlic chives.Items that have room for improvement include the savory chinese doughnuts (yiotiao) and the sesame bun (sao bing) which I found to be a tad bit on the dry side, and the hunk of pork in the pork bun (gua bao) is also a bit oversized and lacking unctuousness (Sheridan Su does a better rendition at Great Bao which is now Fat Choy).  Looking forward to trying the pork chop with rice, sweet tofu custard (do hua), and the lotus wrapped tamales (taiwanese and shanghainese varieties available) on future visits. Not sure if this is an outpost of Yi Mei Deli Co. in Rowland Heights, CA (the fonts on the food signs look similar), but if you're expecting the same level of quality, it may come up short since they set the bar extremely high, otherwise it's a great primer on Taiwanese cuisine for the uninitiated.  Unbelievable value for your wallet but don't forget cash if you're spending under $10 and they accept visa/mastercard but no amex.
4	I was surprised to see only 3.5 stars for this place after eating here. When you walk into a small taiwanese restaurant and you see taiwanese people eating there, you've gotta know something is up.This place has all your standard taiwanese fare such as fan tuan (stick rice rolls with chinese donut and dried pork inside), oyster pancake (tad bit thick and consistency of the sauce wasn't as great), taiwanese beef noodle soup, green onion pancakes with egg, soy milk (sweet and salty) etc. etc.Everything was spot on delicious, although the only dish i wouldn't "recommend" would be the oyster pancake. Although it was still good, it wasn't great by any means. The waitstaff was helpful and treated us well! I would definitely return here if I'm off the strip searching for some good ol fashioned taiwanese brunch!
5	Really cute and quaint deli! Beautiful service! Beef wraps delicious!
3	The service is good, speed is good, food is delish. Ordered: stinky tofu, quite good but a little pricy- wonton in hot chili oil, good but again expensive, chicken leg rice, good fair price.fan twan: good $3 OVERALL GOOD FOOD BUT A LITTLE ON THE EXPENSIVE SIDE also on weekends Theresa bunch of people so sometimes you'll have to wait for a seat.
3	Learned about this restaurant via yelp.  Decided to give it a try at their Taiwanese breakfast.  We ordered their soya bean juice (served hot in a big bowl) unsweetened, got some Chinese doughnuts for dunking, different Taiwanese pastries and steamed rice dumplings.  It was an interesting breakfast.  Wait staff needs to learn how to speak English.  It was a little difficult talking to the wait staff.  It was just an OK breakfast.
4	The owner is nice, if you get alot of little things like the dim sum items it can get expensive pretty quick, I like the shaved ice here, for the hot summer vegas days. I haven't tried the main dishes. But I am sure they are good, everything I have tried so far was good. Shaved ice is my fav so far tho. Vegas is to hot to eat soup or hot dishes usually. Except in winter.
1	Giving this restaurant 1 star for the 4 stars that used to be and the negative 3 that is now.This been our favorite whenever we wanted a good bowl of Taiwanese style noodle soup. Something had happened, went there on 6-2-13 for lunch at 11:30am. The place was packed as usual. The waitress twice tried to put 3 of  us at a table that was barely big enough for 2. She was displeased when I refused and told her that we did not mind waiting.I ordered beef noodle soup WITHOUT  green onion (I cannot eat it), of course it came with green onion. After scooped out most of it, found the beef was tough and the broth was salty. Ate less than half of my bowl, my first time of not finishing my food here.As a lover of family run and hole in wall type of restaurants, never set high expectation for great service, but got to be at an acceptable level. This place always has spotty service, but was never this bad.The place was almost empty when we left (12:30pm), very unusual for this place on a Sunday noon. May be other patrons also voted with their feet and went somewhere else. We sure will try out the other Taiwanese restaurant in the same shopping center.
3	They have very interesting menu items that I have not seen in Hawaii so had to try.First off was Duck Tongue, which was the best dish we had.  Had that 5 spice taste but was very mild, which I liked.  It was served cold , tender meat but watch out for the cartilage.  Next was the Stinky Fried Tofu.   It was OK and it does smell like an old sock.  Next "Spicy" Beef Noodle, I put the quotes because it was not spicy at all.  Noodles had a nice chew to it, nice beefy flavor from the soup,  big chunks of beef and tendon.  Overall it was a nice dish but wanted it SPICY.  Lastly we had the Shiao Long Bao.  First time eating it so have no reference point.  It's OK, wish the dipping sauce had a little more vinegar to it.Not sure if our next Vegas trip we'll go here again.  If we did I'd definitely order the duck tongue again and probably try other item.
3	I had a craving for some Taiwanese food and after checking yelp Yi Mei Champion Deli came up. It's a small funky restaurant with a very confusing ordering and table service system. There is a counter with a menu board but, there is a full menu with table service. After figuring it out, we ordered the beef noodle soup, fried stinky tofu, and squid pottage. The sticky tofu was good, nice portions and came out hot tasty.The Squid Pottage was OK, the soup was authentic tasting but the squid was kinda weird in texture.The beef noodle soup was not very good at all. It lacked the spicy bean paste flavor and was watery salty soy sauce based. The noodles were OK. We didn't mind it being spicy but warning to people who don't like spicy food the regular beef noodle soup is very spicy.Service was good. Plenty of Parking.
5	The new chef from Taiwan serves from 6pm-2am is awesome and makes authentic basil chicken which is a MUST!! The ginger/vinegar intestines ans Taiwan style rice noodles are the best among the restaurants in town.
4	Its the infamous Champion Deli! Legit Taiwanese food in Vegas!Alot is good, the owner is nice... Every time i come here, I over order. Its worth it :)
4	I come here for the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup. It's flavor is fairly close to a famous place that has been around for ages in Ximen, Taipei.  Visually, the soup looks thin, but all the flavor is there.  There are veggies (baby bok choy) and healthy chunks of flavorful meat and tendon in the bowl. I usually get it without the shredded pickles, since I'm not a fan of pickles.All the other food that I've tried is ok to good.  But if I'm coming here, it's for that Spicy Beef Noodle Soup.
5	My wife's father is a Taiwanese chef and I am a native from Taiwan. Her mother had told her about this place so we decided to go check it out.The food and the drinks were very authentic and made me feel as if I was in Taiwan getting breakfast.We ordered soymilk, mi jian, and milk tea. The flavor was very nice and very authentic.We ordered egg pancake with yo tiao, the dish was very big, we thought it was going to be small so we ordered two of them and we could not finish because they were so big! The egg pancake was cooked very nice and with the yo tiao it was very delicious.Next we ordered fa tuan, the rice was sticky and cooked well, and nicely flavor.The service was excellent, she made me feel like I was at home.The next time we come here we will definitely try out their lunch and xiao long bao since last time, their xiao long bao was sold out!Very authentic, good service, and delicious, oh and also cheap!
4	they serve real "Taiwanese" foods.
3	Kinda pricey - almost $40 (whaaaattt) for Taiwanese breakfast .  i was feeling crappy and wanted some comfort food. 2 older ladies were nice and auntie-like (you asians know what i mean). she handed us paper breakfast menus, i asked if they had food other than breakfast (it was 9:30am), she went and got the regular menu and said noodles were available and recomemded the taiwanese beef noodle soup.1. beef roll: not good, the bing was dry, the beef was so-so2. beef noodle soup: really good, large chunks of beef and beef tendon, delicious homestyle noodles. main reason this place was 1star more than a "meh ive had better"3. soybean milk: hot or cold, served in a bowl like it should be, so-so, not worth the price tag4. xiao long bao: surprisingly good, lots of soup, meat filling was flavorful5. cold pig ear appetizer: sold per little clear container (like if you were to buy macaroni salad at a deli) and pretty good, pricey but this dish always is.6. chive he-zi (turnover/pocket): mehnext time id just come and share a bowl of the beef noodle soup... and use the money i saved to try other delicious things in the area
2	The food was mediocre compared to the Taiwanese type food I have at home. Mostly the same dishes but different flavor... I will not come back here.
3	Pretty good Taiwanese food. We ordered a bunch of dishes to share- taiwanese oxtail noodle soup, beef rolls, pancake, rice roll, pork and rice, and soup dumplings. Be prepared for some spiciness because the oxtail noodle soup was spicy. It was a little pricey compared to the Taiwanese deli here in California. I thought the soup dumplings were just okay... not enough soup in them and kind of dried out.
4	Came here on a friend's recommendation and the food is delicious and fresh. He gave us a list of things to order, and they all sounded super delish. The server lady made us feel right at home; our conversation went something like this:Husband: Can we get a beef noodle-Lady: No! Breakfast only! Husband: No? You don't have the noodle soup for breakfast?Lady: No! No noodle until 9:00. Breakfast only! Husband: Okaaaay...then can we get the breakfast special? Lady: No! No breakfast special! Husband: ....egg omelette? Lady: What?! What number? This one? (Pointing vigorously at the menu)Husband: uh, yeah. And the leek pancake, please.Lady: What?!Husband: (pointing at the menu) this one.Lady: ok. Anything else?Husband: the sweet soy drink, please.Lady: What?!...you get the idea. The service was...authentic. I felt right at home :)The food was great. Flavorful and fresh. We also ordered the pan fried pork pot stickers and a beef sandwich (which was a lot of food, btw...don't order that much unless you are planning to save some for later). Everything was great.
4	After 6 days of road trip with Continental and American breakfast, This place is like a breath of fresh air! The beef noodle soup is bit spicy, noodle is too soft for my taste. But everything else is right on. Normally, I would give it a 3 star but judging from the circumstance and it's Vegas, I gave it a 4.
5	Service: very quick - we ordered our breakfast and it came in less than 5 minutes even when it was a rush hourHospitality: family like environmentFood:delicious Taiwanese style breakfast Cost: decent less than 15 dollarsOverall: will come back for more but out of the things I ordered I would not order oyster omelet ... It's a little too sweet for my taste. The rest: saltly soybean and egg wrap is very good ... I would recommend it
5	Sure, I love their one-of-a-kind salty soy milk and egg-wrapped fried bread, but what struck me are the values that the deli owners & employees strive to uphold. A sign in Chinese read the following: "However frustrated you are, don't forget to smile.However impatient you are, don't forget to be polite.However difficult, don't forget to persevere.However tired you are, don't forget to take care of yourself."Restaurants often deliver great food, but never have I been to one that has also delivered words of wisdom. Thanks for the reminder, Yi Mei Deli!
1	They overcharge big time for the oyster omelette and skimped on the ingredient. I counted two partial slivers of very stale oysters, which left a really bad taste at $8-9 a dish. I also ordered a fried chicken rice plate, which was probably the most dry, flavorless fried chicken steak I've ever had.
5	One of the best Taiwanese places I've been in a long time in the U.S.  So many food choices and big portions for the price. Gosh, what haven't I had the one time we had 'brunch' here.  We tried the beef noodle soup with beef and tendon.  The flavor is great, a little saltier than I'd like my beef noodle soup....  the noodles seems like home made but a little over cooked but overall it's delicious and reminds me of home.  We got the rice ball with Chinese fried dough and this is a lot bigger than the ones you get in Taiwan.  It's definitely American sized. We had the salty soy milk, one of my favorite things.  Just like home.  We got the sesame pocket with beef w pickled vegetable or I think they called it the beef roll.... amazing.  Spicy marinated meat with tendon is delicious and just enough spicy.  We also had some milk tea...  Everything is delicious even though the lady might be slightly sassy and snappy....  she also reminds me of home...  :)  I was able to chat up with the owner grandpa, he was super sweet and when he found out I'm also Taiwanese with ancestors from Shandong he was super friendly and the conversation just flowed. I will for sure come back to this place when I visit Vegas again.  So tasty.
4	One of the very few asian breakfast places in town.Serving a variety of items of not only breakfast, but lunch and other in-store made items as well. Things to try are their fresh hot soy milk and yao tiao (chinese... donut?). Two chinese staples for breakfast. Other things are like oyster omelettes, fan tuan (taiwanese style rice ball with pork sung - salty), etc. As said before, not only breakfast, but lunch items as well. my favorite is their spicy beef noodle soup (niao rou mian). though not as spicy as i wanted, but still pretty good. HUGE portion (beware!) so if you are a small eater, may consider sharing with another !
4	I love radish cake with egg, and they do not disappoint here. Beautifully crunchy on the outside, wonderfully creamy on the inside... goes well with some hot soy milk, sweetened with table sugar.  Also recommend their champion rice roll with spicy pickles. It's not too hot, just sour crunch with heat tempered with sweet pork fung.
4	Hands down the best Taiwanese deep fried pork chop I've ever had. The pork chop was huge, tender, not greasy or overly breaded. I finished the entire plate, was stuffed and was still gnawing on the bone like a caveman afterwards. The minced pork and egg over the rice was fantastic. One thing that was lacking entirely however  is the pickled veggies. My wife ordered the spicy beef noodle soup. Also tasty and tender. Her only complaint was that they cut all the noodles so they're pretty short. The steamed dumplings were good however I wished there was more hot broth inside of it. Overall we were very impressed. This will be our go to lunch spot on all our Vegas trips from now on.
1	Customer Beware, check your receipt before u pay. False and misleading prices on the menu. They charge more without updating their menu. Once got caught, they didnt apologize for the mistake, instead they argue with me on how they have been charging the new prices for a long time. (ya, thanks for letting me know that I've been overcharged all these yrs!) will never go back again!
5	Authentic Taiwanese food. Every bite feels like it was made by mom (hopefully your mom was a great cook). My friend's mom, who is Taiwanese, buys in bulk here and takes it back to her state!Location: Chinatown, plenty of parking in the plazaAmbiance: Mom and Pop. Friendly owner and chef! Good for groups/family. Food: 1. Spicy beef noodle soup -- 5 stars They make their own noodles and the consistency is chewy and soft. These noodles soak up the soup without losing their texture. 2. Scallion pancake -- 5 starsNot doughy at all! Crispy!3. Tea eggs -- 4 starsTake it to go and eat it the next day for breakfast!4. Soup dumplings -- 4 starsThe wrapper is a bit thick. The pork and veggie filling is tasty!Price: For all this food, we had plenty of left overs for 2. About $13/person. I don't think they have an alcohol license, but if you ask them politely they are open to BYOB.
4	Came here when a Taiwanese friend was in town, because of course I need help ordering. Overall, the food was amazing! But this place is a small, family owned place, that only makes up for the shabby appearance by the quality food. I will say that it gave it an authentic feel - grandpa was sitting at the table next to us packaging freshly roasted peanuts and I'm pretty sure I saw grandma back in the kitchen. Definitely coming back here, I only hope I can replicate the amazing meal I had here without help ordering. But then again, even  the dishes that I'd normally avoid (because I don't know much about authentic Taiwanese cuisine) like the oyster pancake/omelette, were so surprisingly good! My friend lives in DC and kept saying she couldn't believe the authentic dishes they served because she had otherwise only had them when she was actually in Taiwan.
3	It's average taiwanese food, but for Vegas standards, it really pretty good.  I had the stinky tofu (not stinky at all), beef stew noodle soup, and oyster egg pancake.  The stinky tofu tastied just like regular fried tofu.  The beef stew noodle soup was delicious, probably the best seller in the store, the oyster egg pancake smelled fishy, not recommended.  But they also serve soy milk, with pastry, so if you're craving that it's probably a dependable place to go to.
3	The service was friendly, the food was OK, but if you were missing asian breakfast, it's the place to go.
2	Ask a Chinese person to take you here...your experience depends on it. No one speaks English...and no one will try to understand you if you don't speak Chinese. My first experience here was great, I came with a fellow yelper, Mike C. and had him order everything. My order came out and everything fine.My second visit was a desperate one. I originally stopped by Asian BBQ and noodles but they're closed on Fridays :( So...I decided to drive across the street. I ordered the beef noodle soup and asked if they could add wontons in it...weird I know but I was craving both. First they brought out a bowl of wontons in beef broth which is understandable and forgivable because of the language barrier. They took it back...added the beef and the noodles...everything looked great until I started eating. The wontons were falling apart as soon as I tried picking them up with my chopsticks. I was starving so I ignored this and continued eating until I bit into one of the wontons and realized that it was still pink...undercooked. Gross...-_-The service here is non existent...They have a water cooler and Styrofoam cups if you need water... Feel free to walk up and get it yourself. Same goes for napkins. This experience was probably an extreme of how bad a meal could go wrong here...but I will not be back. This decision was made after considering that the first visit was decent. There are just too many better options in the area.
5	I was really craving for Chinese breakfast and would really want to find somewhere with soy milk and you tiao.  The only place I can find thru Yelp is Yi Mei.  However, 3.5 stars makes me skeptical if I should check out this place.  I was really lucky to give it a try! I love the you tiao wrapped in egg and the beef noodle is yummy too! Everything is great, thou service can be improved...
1	I'd like to come here for breakfast once in a while. I speak fluently in Chinese, so there wouldn't be any language barrier. The service used to be ok, since the owner who is a really nice Taiwanese lady served me couple time.However, this time when I went there was HORRIBLE! The first second I walked into the restaurant, there was another Taiwanese elderly lady standing behind the cashier. She was staring at me without any welcoming smile when I was walking to her. When I was standing right in front of her, she didn't greet with me and kinda waiting for me to greet with her. And she gave me a really irritating face! Then she lift up her chin a little bit and blinked in the most annoying way I've ever seen. Ok, I ignored that. Then I told her what I wanted to order for to-go. Then, there's another young male customer came to the cashier and asked for a check. She gave him a very bright smile and called him "handsome boy" in Chinese and finished his transaction before me. Really! The guy came after me!!!!! Ok, I ignored that too. When she handled me my food, she said "shiiiit!" In English. She said it really loud. I didn't really know if she was saying that to me or for something else, but it's still rude to curse in front of a customer.She is definitely the rudest and the most miserable person I've ever met in my entire life. I didn't do anything or showed any disrespect to her from the very beginning to the end. I even said "thank you" after all of this.Btw, last time me and my bf were there for breakfast, they undercooked the wonton. And it smelled wired. I will NEVER put my feet in this restaurant, and I don't recommend this place to any of you. If you love your life, stay away from this place!!!!
5	Listen, you want traditional, authentic taiwanese breakfast, you go to YiMei. Had the you tiao and warm doujiang, along with the egg pankace. Delicious. The laobanniang was friendly and helpful.  service was great. Felt like I was back in China.Highly recommend it.p.s. I am a "whitie", fluent in Mandarin Chinese. That helped.
2	I was so excited to spot this place on my trip in Vegas and entered hoping for some authentic Taiwanese breakfast. The food was cheap and the servers very polite. I had a fantuan with a bowl of rice drink (mijian). The portions were rather small and the taste underwhelming.
4	Get your $$ worth here! Big portions!! Homemade noodles were chewy just the way we like it. Chinese donuts were on steroids! Beef noodle soup great tasting spice to it with a little kick. Pork chops were light, crispy & fried perfectly. XLB dumplings didn't have any soup/broth in it but the filling was still flavorful. Even though there was a language barrier we still had great service here.
1	Worse service ever!! The waitress sent the wrong food and drinks even we had been waiting for 2 hrs for our order. After all the long waiting, of course we had to wait for the check, wait to pay, the waitress told us we supposedly to pay 18% of tips! WTF! Won't visit this restaurant ever again!
1	The food tasted ok. I've ordered the spicy beef noodle and the oyster pancake, wasn't impressed with neither. I also found a HAIR in my noodle, gross. Also, if you want water, you have to get it yourself in the water station, wtf??? Should I also go into the kitchen and get the food myself???
2	I have been a regular there since they are the only one that has authentic Taiwanese style food. But I gotta say that they really don't have any service there and the quality is good is never consistent. The server there is always rude even if you speak Chinese. My girl friend and I have been really upset about their service not only once. They really need to work on a lot of things to survive in the industry.
5	Authentic Taiwanese breakfast that can't be found even in NYC. Perfect ending for our trip.Be aware that they open till only 3PM on Sunday. I was there 6PM....But anyway, went back next morning and got so far the most authentic rice ball and Chinese cruller I ever had in US.Too bad I had to leave at noon. Otherwise I'll have another meal there for their famous beef noodle.
5	Very good for brunch. Both the quality and quantity are excellent and it is not pricy at all.
3	I'm split. On one hand, I'm American. I have American standards for service, cleanliness, and an overall pleasant experience. On the other hand, I just went to Taiwan for a while and I understand so much more now. I understand they are not concerned about customer service, comfort, or cleanliness. People eat street-side and get on their way. It's a lifestyle that is brought here and the bar by which they judge themselves.So, American-ly speaking: there is no service. Even if you're Taiwanese, nobody is "American" nice. If you're Chinese, definitely don't expect them to be nice (but you already knew that, didn't you?). If you're not Asian, expect stares. I was stared at here in one hour more than I was stared at in Taiwan for over a week. On the upside, the menu has some fun typos sure to amuse you while you wait for someone to actually take your order.I can't remember everything I've had here, but I've had enough to say "it'll do." Everything is generally acceptable because there isn't really room to move up or down. For example, soy milk, onion pancakes and Chinese doughnuts will pretty much be the same most places you go. Yes, there will be a rare exception for better or worse but let's be realistic. My favorites are the dan ping (Taiwanese "pancake" with egg) and turnip cake (the English spelling I could not tell you). Yes, there are better out there but Taiwanese options are limited in these parts.What was worse than the rest? The oyster omelette. Terrible oysters. Terrible sauce. Much better can be had. The xiao long bao was also much too thick and light in flavor for my tastes. The fan tuan, a sticky rice roll with greens and pork sung, is also a bit underwhelming but then again, I didn't grow up with it.
3	Came here for one thing only: STINKY TOFUDecent. Fairly stinky. Flavor is just ok. I do like the kim chi that came with it. Had the green onion pancake... tasted like prepackaged store-bought. SKIP unless you're really craving it!!!
4	The service is non-existent here, so don't expect any. It's also a hole in the wall. Doesn't matter if you speak Mandarin or not, there's still no service. At one point my friend and I were the only people in the joint, and we still didn't get our order taken. All 3 ladies were just putzing about. Geniuses! But they just don't care.soymilk  - nice and piping hot. beef pancake wraps - skip. the wrap wasn't crispy at all and the beef was bland and forgettable. comes with a side of that delicious pickled cabbage and the pickled cucumbers. Not enough oil on the pickled cucumbers though, so thankfully we ordered it on the side.salted rice roll - GET THIS. It's a Chinese donut and shredded pork wrapped with sticky rice. Damn good. I haven't had one of these in ages. My pescetarian friend was able to order a vegetarian version. pickled cucumbers - spicy and garlicky. worthy of having dragon breath all morning. STINKY TOFU! nowhere nearly stinky enough, but it will do if you live somewhere where stinky tofu has been basically banned. Aside from the shit service, I need to come back for beef noodle soup. I wish I ordered an extra salted rice roll to take home in my purse...
4	It's a Taiwanese restaurant, Cali is like that wit the bad service.  Just come for the food and forget about the service.  They don't speak/understand English that well, so don't get disappointed.  They prefer you to let them know when you're ready to order.  I'm tossed between the Noodle Pot restaurant & this place for the spicy beef stew.  The flavorings are really different.  One feels like its has more flavor (Noodle pot) but I get so thirsty afterwards.  This Yi Mei feels like it can add a little bit more seasoning but the portion size & noodles are more than the Noodle pot.  Btw, Noodle Pot only takes CASH but Yi Mei accepts credit cards.  They're both Good but I wish they taste more like Monterey Park.  I switch off between them depending which one is the closes at that moment.
4	Mmmmmmm.  Traditional Taiwanese breakfast in Vegas.  Good food for the price.  Portion is decent, and the dining area is clean and neat.  Huge parking lot, and plenty of parking.  Service is okay.  Well worth to stop by if you are around the hood and are willing to try something else other than ordinary American breakfast in Vegas.
