5	Great movers!  Brandon was very good about staying in touch and confirming that he was available on the afternoon we had scheduled.  Then when they got to my job, they had a great attitude and were very efficient.  I wouldn't hesitate to use Smooth Moves again for my next move.
5	Supherb Moving Company!!!  Brandon was a great mover and made my move stress free and efficient.  He showed up on time, and began working quickly.  It was by far the fastest and easiest move I have ever had.  His positive attitude and knowledge of moving made things move seamlessly.  I will definitely be using his moving services in the future and would highly recommend that anyone use this moving company for their future moves.  Thank you Brandon, for making my move, so smooth.
5	My move with Smooth Moves was the best experience I have ever had!  Brandon and his crew are great professionals who handled my load and unload extremely well.  They handled each item as if it were their own making sure not to damage any of the furniture or my house's walls or doorways.  They had some pretty cool straps and tools they used to lift heavy items with ease.  They were also very cognizant of and with MY time and moved efficiently and quickly.  I never thought that moving could be so precise, yet their knowledge of what it took to move my items in the way that they did showed that they really did know what they were doing and had all the tricks and techniques down.  I can not recommend highly enough that you use Smooth Moves for your next move.
5	Awesome!  Will use these guys again.  Returned phone calls promptly, we're flexible, on time and very reasonably priced.  They showed up on short notice and were prepared,worked quickly weren't afraid to carry the heavy stuff. Very courteous and respectful.
5	I owed Brandon a review from our July 1st move.  Brandon kept in communication and was really good about working his schedule with us.  Very polite, professional, and a great attitude about the move.  The guys worked their butt off and hustled the entire time.   I would highly recommend Brandon.
5	Brandon and his helper were prompt, efficient, and got the job done in excellent time. He also gave me tips on what I should get before my move (rachet straps are really worthwhile). I had rented a smaller truck than what I really needed but they were able to work their magic and got everything in. Thanks, Smooth Moves!
5	Professional and helped save me money.  Brandon and his team did a great job and had a good time doing it.  I would recommend him to anyone.  Thanks Brandon for helping through a stressful move.
5	If you need professional and courteous help moving, you need to hire Smooth Moves.  They are extremely efficient, experienced, helpful and flexible.  In my case, I hired them originally for four hours, when eight was needed.  Since they had another appointment right after and couldn't stay longer, they tried to find someone else to help out.   Turns out that the other job cancelled and they were able to work a couple more hours which was a huge help.  These guys are the best in my book. and will hire them again if/when needed
5	Brandon unloaded our pack rat container the same day we contacted him and got it done in just under 2 hours! We will be using him again, he did a quick and professional job!
5	Brandon and his partner were lifesavers! They were timely, efficient and hard working! I thought his services sounded too good to be true, but its true! Your getting more than a great deal for what they charge, they were so good, I had to throw in a tip! I will be referring smooth moves to everyone and anyone I know! Thanks again Brandon!
1	It is unfortunate that I have to write this review. I was impressed with all of the positive reviews on yelp. And seeing as it was just a simple move stuff from a truck to a storage unit I didn't think it would be hard at all. I have moved 9 times already in my adult life and can pretty much tell you how long a move will take.  I have in the 9 times I have moved used movers that I thought weren't all that great in the end, but never have I ever experienced anything this bad.Brandon was friendly and seemingly professional when I first spoke to him. We made arrangements for a date and time and everything was good. I told him the job wouldn't take more than two hours because there wasn't that much to move. Then the day before I was to leave for LA to get my things Brandon texts asking if he can change the time to earlier in the day because he booked a larger job that day. When I told him that wouldn't be possible because the storage place wouldn't be open. He texted "Oh. Let me see what I can do." That is the last I heard from him. I  texted and left voicemails asking what was going on. Nothing. It was Sunday morning the day of my move in and I had a truck full of stuff and no one to move it. In the very least Brandon could have recommended someone else but to just not communicate anything is completely unprofessional. I called a different mover from a recommendations from the website hireahelper and they were able to get me moved out of the truck and into storage on the same day.I will be moving a 3,000 sq ft home soon and will not be calling Smooth Moves.
4	I found Brandon through U-Haul when I booked our truck after we decided we would try and make the move ourselves. After seeing the $40 an hour price tag after seeing what some of the other movers wanted, I took the chance after reading the great reviews. I'm glad I did! It took 48 hours to reply to my request even though U-Haul said it would only be 24 hours but it was no problem since I booked him nearly 2 weeks out from my move and didn't need an immediately reply. The night before our move, I received a text message to confirm our move and with a reminder about renting moving pads so that was helpful given my mind had a 1000 other move related tasks to think about.Brandon and his helper, can't recall his name but was a nice young man, showed up about 10 minutes past our agreed upon move time but it wasn't a big deal since I didn't have everything 100% packed. Brandon and his helper were friendly and professional during the entire move. They worked their butts off going up and down the three flights of stairs with no breaks that I saw and moved us out in just under 2 hours. There may have been some confusion on my end on if they needed to be at another job after mine as they left with our UHaul to our new location before everything was fully loaded. I went down to discuss this with them to see if they could load up our two vehicles since our UHaul was full with the hopes that we could make it in one trip and they were already gone in the UHaul. This could have been a miscommunication between them and my boyfriend since I wasn't downstairs when it was discussed so I can't say what exactly happened. Regardless, the move in happened even faster and upon their return to our old place, helped us load the remaining stuff in our cars. Total loading, drive time and unloading was just over 4 hours. With a tip, the price was WELL worth it. Overall I would highly recommend them and wouldn't hesitate to have my friends and family use them.
1	I was told 4 days before my move that there might be an issue. This was one day before I was to leave town to get my things. I wish I had been given a week, then I could have found someone else and not have been freaking out on Sunday morning. The text said "Let me see what I can do."  It did not say, "I cannot do your move please find someone else." If he had called me and said he wouldn't be able to do the move, that might have shown some professionalism. But the facts are he did not. Thanks for taking some ownership of the poor customer service I received in your reply, but it really isn't enough.
5	Amazing! I was on a tight budget to move and nervous about hiring movers. In so glad I called Brandon! So fast, nice, and efficient.
5	Smooth Moves is an awesome moving company that I have recommended to many friends.  They are on time, they have a great work ethic, and the price is right.  Give them a try, you won't regret it.
5	Brandon at Smooth Moves is very helpful, professional, and is great at staying in touch at all times.  I recommend Smooth Moves to my friends as the best movers in the Phoenix area!  What a great find!
5	Great movers! They were quick, efficient, professional and extremely friendly. I highly recommend them and will definitely use them again in the future.
5	Excellent!  Brandon and Elliott helped us unload a 26 ft Uhaul back in April.  They worked very fast and very hard.  Friendly, clean cut, respectful, full of energy.  Couldn't have asked for a better experience!  The best part- we had originally booked Brandon in March, but due to a variety of issues, were unable to close on our house as expected.  So we had to cancel with him at the last minute.  We kept getting estimates from the bank about when they expected we could get in the house, which were continuously wrong, so we kind of kept stringing him along.  Despite our rudeness, he was the nicest, most understanding guy!  We were so glad when we FINALLY got the keys and were finally able to meet this outstanding guy.  Don't hesitate to call him- you'll be glad you did!
5	Smooth moves was amazing! Everything was moved quickly for an incredible price. Graydon and Alex went above and beyond on the move. Thanks!
5	Excellent job. Brandon was very responsive - called to confirm the day before, called when he was on his way. He and his helper packed up everything quickly and efficiently. All in all, very pleased. Made my move significantly easier.
5	Brandon and his boys took great care of us, and kept in constant communication leading up to the moves, and on moving day. will use then again...
5	We had Smooth Moves come to move some furniture upstairs. Had to call them because we didn't trust the movers we had previously hired to actually move the items safely. They were so nice, so fast, so professional. Hire them for your move- you won't regret it.
5	These were excellent movers. They were polite, punctual and extremely efficient. I would highly reccomend them.
5	These guys were awesome! Very friendly, professional and courteous. They were very quick, careful with my belongings and didn't linger around. Best part was the total came in less than the estimate...can't beat that!
5	These guys are fantastic - look no further if you need help with a move. They are well equipped, work really fast, are very careful and very accommodating. You won't find anyone better. They were right on time and a pleasure to work with.
5	Professional, efficient, and friendly crew! They did such a great job with my move that I've recommended them to my boyfriend and all my friends. There's no way I could have managed to fit all my stuff into the truck without Brandon. Thank you for making a stressful process much easier!
5	Can't wait to use them on my next move in March.
5	Look no further! Reliable, professional and efficient! Brandon and his guys Elliot and Alex were incredible!All in all, I have used them twice, once to move into a storage unit in Glendale, and then last week to Tempe. When looking for someone to move me the second time, there was no question who I would call. With only a few days before the date I needed to move, they made themselves available. These guys are incredibly friendly, punctual and keep you updated through the whole process via text.  Moving is always incredibly stressful, and these guys made it easy! I highly recommend!
5	These guys were great!!  They arrived 10 minutes early and were very professional and efficient. I needed help swapping some furniture in my house.  They had great rates and texted me prior to arriving to confirm the appointment. I will definitely use them again if I need help moving!
5	Brandon was professional and timely and along with Elliott and Alex did a great job. Was aware of being quick and efficient and keeping costs to move items to a minimum. I would definitely without question get Brandon for any future move!
5	These guys are awesome!!!  I am a stager who needs movers frequently so they have worked for me alot!  Each move is done so efficiently, fast and they are the nicest guys you could meet!!! I have never had any damage, they are quick, hard workers and they go above and beyond by tightening up my furniture, etc.  Their quality control beats out ANY other moving company I have worked with!!! You have landed the best by going with Smooth Moves!
5	I am so impressed!!!   I booked with Brandon who was very helpful. Our move was on a Monday, and he went out of the way to confirm on the Friday before. Then i heard from him the morning of the move about an hour ahead to a make sure we ready to go (which debunked any paranoia about no one showing up).  Elliott and Alex were here 10 minutes early and ready to work. Our three bedroom got moved 30 minutes ahead of schedule (about 3.5 hours), and it was all done without any incident. They were professional, efficient, and friendly on top of it.  Such great guys!  They definitely deserve the 5 star rating.  I'm so grateful I found them, and I intend to refer my family and friends.  Thanks guys!Stefanie and Chris
5	Unbelievably great service.  My wife and I have moved six times in seven years, with most moves across states.  This was probably our smoothest and least stressful of them all.We had a big move from Gilbert to Albuqerque, which required a lot of packing, disassembly, long distance hauling, and careful loading into two different storage units.Brandon was professional from the very first conversation.  He was very honest about what he and his guys were able to do, and super responsive to all questions.  He also gave a lot of great advice on how to prepare for the move to make things smoother on both sides.Brandon helped do an incredible packing job, and Elliott and Alex showed up bright/early the next morning to load the truck; they were very efficient, safe, courteous, high-energy, and very friendly.The unload into storage went late into the night and these guys were troopers helping us creatively load while managing the time.Prices were more than reasonable; they had the best and most transparent quote out of all companies I reached out to.Couldn't have asked for a better service.
5	We are extremely pleased with the outstanding service provided by Brandon, Alex and Elliot. Not only were they prompt, efficient and careful but they were also cordial and engaging people.  These three are excellent movers and we will undoubtedly use them again in the future!!!
5	Brandon and his crew helped my wife and family move on 2/21.  He was on time.  He estimated based on my conversation with him over the phone that the move would take around 6 hours.  They finished in 5.  Another moving company had quoted me 1500 for the move.  I ended up spending 90 on the UHaul and 325 for Brandon and his 2 guys.  I tipped them $100 and felt as though I was still winning!!   I would recommend them to anyone!!!
5	These guys were awsome!!!  They were so good I joined yelp just to leave them a review.  Great communication, on time and easy to work with.  They went above and beyond what I expected from movers. They even moved some of my furnature that I gave my elderly neighbor to her house for me.  I can not say enough good things about thier performance.
5	Can't compliment them enough. Trust me, look no further. Hire them, be at ease and make your move seamless. You won't regret it. I leave very few yelp reviews but these guys were flawless.  Like Tetris gurus loading the truck. Fast, flawless, nothing broken, nothing lost. Moving is stressful, sure, but I actually had a good time with these guys. Very funny and hardworking crew that made our uprooting so smooth. Thank you guys.
5	Excellent service - on time, worked hard, very careful, took some furniture apart to move and put it back together. Would definitely hire for our next move. Highly recommend!! Painless and smooth!
5	These guys are awesome. They are prompt and courteous. They work smart, hard, and fast. I had a big uhaul and tiny driveway and street. They offered to back the truck in for me and nailed it the first try.  The whole experience was perfect and their pricing is super reasonable for the effort they give. I can't give these guys enough kudos. You won't be disappointed.
5	Brandon and his crew were excellent!!! They loaded our truck up in half the expected time. They were prompt, professional and very friendly! I would recommend Smooth Moves to anyone!!
5	Brandon and team were super helpful, professional, and worked in a timely fashion. I highly recommend Smooth Moves. They keep the customer at the center of everything they do. They were on time and finished 45 minutes early! They treated our belongings carefully and did not damage our new home moving in . Highly recommend!
5	This is the 2nd time we have used Brandon and his crew and we will never use anyone else. They were fast and very careful with our stuff. They loaded and unloaded our 5 bedroom 3 bath house in 4 hours total and that includes setting up all of our beds and cribs in the new house. If your looking for fast, affordable and trustworthy movers these are your guys!
5	I cannot overstate how great Brandon and the guys were. Communication before the move was great, they showed up on time, and they were very affordable. They were courteous and unloaded our 22" truck with our three bedrooms in one hour (it took my wife and I ten hours to load). Don't look anywhere else.
5	We would highly recommend Brandon and his team! They were very professional and courteous. After having a bad experience with movers in CO it was such a relief to find a good, dependable team here in AZ. We will definitely use them again and will recommend them to all our friends.
5	ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL. I was referred by my manager and like her, I cannot say enough good things about Brandon and Smooth Moves. They were extremely efficient, friendly, and professional. They packed my truck better than I could have ever done (and I take pride at being a good tetris-type-of-packer). They worked so hard, non-stop, and were honest businessmen. Their prices are more than reasonable. Being alone during a move can be nerve wrecking for a woman (especially for someone as worried as I am with those kinds of situations). At no point did I feel the need to worry and felt comfortable going about planning my upcoming road trip. Thank you Brandon & Smooth Moves for the positive moving experience!
5	Brandon and Ian saved me! I had a funky situation where I was moving to Tucson and renting my own Uhaul, but wanted to avoid having to drive back to return the Uhaul. Brandon helped brainstorm to come up with a solution that made my life much easier AND saved me money! He did not try to sell me extra unnecessary packing supplies, nor did he try to scam me on gas or "travel fees." It was just honest, hard work, which is rare to find these days. If I ever have to move again, I am definitely calling them back! They were a life saver!
5	Brandon & his team are awesome! Friendly, over-the-top customer service, & skilled movers (obviously)! I highly recommend Smooth Movers!
5	I cannot say one negative thing about my experience. Brandon followed up multiple times prior to the move to make sure we were on the same page as far as time and place. They arrived early and were done early! Very efficient and professional. Thank you!
5	Super Professional and Friendly !!! When I moved from Arizona to Texas a year ago I used them. And now,  I'm moving BACK I called them right away.  They worked quickly,  at a reasonable price.  I'm extremely happy with the results.  Thanks Brandon and Elliott !!!! You guys are awesome !!!!!
5	Moved July 2014Brandon and two men came to my apartment (3rd floor) on time and took less than 1 hr to load.. making sure everything in the truck was well placed and wrapped if needed. Drove to my new place in San Diego and unloaded quickly. Everything went PERFECT! Anyone looking to move in state or out of state call these people!!!!!!!!!!
5	Brandon and Elliot did an awesome job helping us move in! We moved from California to AZ using a Uhaul. He helped get everything unloaded. They arrived promptly on time and were very quick to get unloaded. They even gave us tips and advice about the area since we are new here. Overall we received awesome service and they were super nice guys! If we ever have to move again we will definitely use Parker's Moving Service!
5	Found them by reading their reviews on Yelp.  They were amazing!  Great follow up to show they were coming.  They were on time.  They handled my stuff with care.  Not one item got broken or even scratched.  It took them only 1.5 hours to load the truck.  Final bill was $175 under estimate!!!  I love these guys!!  USE THEM WITH CONFIDENCE!!!
1	If I could put zero stars on here I would. Here are some reasons:1. Guys showed up late.2. Movers were watching YouTube and moving extremely slow.3. Had to help them move because they were just adding time.4. Broke furniture.5. Promised a 80 dollar refund a month ago still not received.You want reliability I suggest a different mover.
5	We used this moving service when we moved last summer. They we very flexible in scheduling and offering just the amount of help we needed  for our move. The owner communicated with us as the date and time neared and was very helpful in giving suggestions about packing. The move was accomplished quickly and efficiently. A great price structure as well.
5	Very efficient and reasonably priced. They had to move things only to a 2nd floor condo. They were quite fast and fit furniture in rooms that were hard to get into. They also alerted me how bad the previous interstate movers I used were as my things were in storage and had damage from these prevoious movers not storing my property properly.  So Brandon taught me what to look for if I move next and what is professional. All the guys were very nice and quick moving and professional. I would definitely use them again and recommend them!
5	Amazing! Referred by a friend and now I know why! They were prompt, fast (2 hours flat) and helped me unload my car in addition to the Uhaul.
5	We moved all the way across the country from Scottsdale, AZ to Albany, NY and had a great experience with Parker's Moving Service (formerly Smooth Moves, Brandon Parker)!  Brandon made it a great move for us!  Fair, honest, hard-working, on-time and pleasant to deal with, he will assure you that your belongings and your move will be in the best hands!  In our cross-country move (in which we also opted for packing services by Parker), nothing was damaged, everything was accounted for -- everything went smoothly -- and we're so very grateful and happy about that!!!!
5	Brandon and his team were just like the rest of the reviews mentioned: on time, fast,  careful, professional and really friendly. My boyfriend and I bought a new house,  so we had not one but two houses we needed to move into our new two story house.  We had 4 movers and they were fantastic.  Nothing got lost or damaged. It was a great experience; we would highly recommend them
5	Parker's Moving Service was literally the best experience I have had with moving.The men showed up to the location early and proceeded to load furnishings intotheir truck smoothly and seamlessly.  The men were pleasant to work with and completely professional.  Parker's Moving Service is efficient, reliable and madethis experience pleasant.  They got the job done.  I wish I could give more thana five star rating.  I would use Parker's Moving Service again and recommendthem highly.
3	This review really bums me out to write. Back in May, Smooth Moves helped move us into our second story apartment. It was flawless. They were funny, engaging, and got all of our stuff moved from a storage unit to the apartment in much less time than I expected. They even rented the U-Haul truck FOR us. I was blown away at their service. Sure, they didn't have matching shirts, or a company branded truck, but that stuff is useless to me. They had great rates, great attitudes, and were fairly priced. That being said, due to a family emergency, my husband and I were forced to move out of our apartment six months later.  I was excited to give smooth moves more business since they were so great the last time. I called Brandon on Monday, November 3rd and asked if there was any time available on Saturday. Brandon said they were pretty booked. I let him know Sunday, also worked for me, and that is should be a fairly easy job since it was 37 boxes and no furniture. Brandon said "Let  me see what I can do..." and asked if the number I called from was a good return number. I explained it was an outbound line only. He asked me to text him a good number. I text him my cell phone number AND my direct line at work... again reminding him Sunday also worked for me.... and I never heard back.  I'm sorry, but that isn't good business practice. I understand things happen, you get busy... but when Wednesday rolled around, and I still hadn't heard anything, I was forced to go with another company... for more than I wanted to pay because we had to move THIS weekend. Maybe I should have planned it more than a week in advance, but like I said... it was an emergency. I didn't pick this weekend. Brandon, brother... I really wanted to give you guys a glowing review... I really really did... and I gave you the benefit of the doubt when you didn't call me back on Monday... but even a text back saying "Hey, we can't do this weekend..." would have allowed me to call someone sooner, and not had to go with the highest bidder...  Maybe you guys have grown beyond booking your own gigs, maybe you need a secretary? Since I know that you not only take the calls, but move the boxes... something. I can't recommend you to someone who I can't count on to call me back.Sorry guys, I really really am.
4	Great! They were able to accommodate me for two separate afternoons of moving help, and even went out of their way to schedule me at the last minute.  The two men sent were helpful and polite and worked quickly.  Smooth Moves prices are very fair and I got exactly what I needed in a moving service!
5	I needed a moving company within 7 days and Brandon made it happen. He was out of town for this particular move of mine back in August but he sent three guys who came in and killed it. I wasn't even done wrapping some things and breaking down furniture and they effortlessly went from room to room prepping everything and loading the truck. Before I knew it, I was racing them to the new place. All was said and done within a few short hours, and the rates were very reasonable and easy to understand. No hidden fees or anything crazy. They keep it really simple (like your friends are helping you move) which was a nice change.
5	Overdue review (Puff Daddy rap-moment, my bad ;p).So, to follow up from the initial review, Brandon completed my move effortlessly and on time. Actually, a day early even. Seriously, who does that? Called to let me know the drive went faster than normal and could deliver the evening prior to the original delivery date we agreed upon. Dope. He (himself) moved everything into my third floor apt, even with an annoying cat on the second floor "supervising" (obvi, I'm not a cat-lover ;p). Boxes were in perfect condition like how I had packed them. No insects, dust, or other crap on them that any other company delivers with since they just keep it in warehouses or storage til the delivery dates. I couldnt get over how clean the boxes were. For someone as OCD as me, that's a huge point to acknowledge. Pictures, tv, christmas ornaments- nothing broken, nothing damaged (memories of my destroyed couch from years past). HIGHLY recommend Brandon and his crew for all your moving needs. Even told all my real estate peeps in the Valley (PHX-Metro) to recommend the company for their clients buying houses. Thanks, Brandon, least-stressful moved I've EVER experienced. Totes rad.
