5	brand new place the food is great big burgers and they are not shy about serving size plenty of food even for a big eater. my personal favorite was the tomato basil flatbread. my son enjoyed the asian  short ribs with hoisin bar b que sauce. my wife had the steak called the twin fillets. we missed the happy hour but we will be back for their great specials.
4	As if Oakville Grocery and West Elm alone aren't enough to keep me hooked on the Scottsdale Quarter, the recent opening of Primebar, the new 'contemporary ale house', gives me even more reason to make my way back.Killer cocktails and tons of local beers on tap, they have great happy hour specials...$3 Drafts, $5 Wine, $6 Specialty Cocktails (Monday-Friday, 4-7PM).They have 15 specialty cocktails to choose from (love the names 'Dirty CEO Martini' and 'Silly Goose') but my favorite was the Peartini - refreshing and light with the use of St. Germain and Grey Goose La Poire, Pear Juice and Prosecco...topped off with a slice of pear.A great lineup of draft beers - some classic, some local. Local drafts include beers from Tempe's finest Four Peaks, Oak Creek Brewing from Sedona, Nimbus Brewing from Tucson and Prescott brewing from....well....Prescott.We ordered a few dishes to share, among them the beet lollipops coated in candied pistachios served with a goat cheese dipping sauce (who doesn't love the new lollipop trend that's going on?), apple wood smoked bacon sliders, sweet potato fries, bbq chicken flatbread (excellent!) and the beet salad with arugula, mandarin oranges, pistachio brittle, roasted beets and goat cheese.The setting was nice. Very spacious dining area yet cozy with the use of dark leathers and wood. The "eye" artwork on the wall was interesting and couldn't help but notice the use of old school light bulbs in the chandelier (think Olive & Ivy) which sealed the deal for being casual.I was a little bummed to find out it was a chain (with other Locations in Colorado, Florida, Illionois, and Missouri) but it's one of those chains that don't feel like chains (like Gordon Biersch) - so I'll definitely be back!
4	My picks:Fire & Ice Martini Bbq Chicken FlatbreadApple Wood Smoked Bacon Cheeseburger SliderBeet saladWe went the day after the soft opening, the bartenders were still practicing making all the drinks.... so those were a little slow.  However, the food was really good.  I can't to try dessert next time.  The drink menu was really fun and different.  I may need to go back several times to work my way through it because they have a lot.  The Fire & Ice Martini is my new current fav!
2	I have been looking forward to the opening of Primebar since I saw the signage.  I went with a group of friends Fri, June 4 figuring that they would have had enough time to work the kinks out.  Considering the place is owned by a successful restaurant group, Restaurant-America, I assumed the place would be running on all cylinders by then.  Not so much.  I was actually shocked by the lack of organization and lack of management presence.  Normally at a place this new, SOMEBODY stops by your table to see what you think.  The dining room was about 75% full but the service was super slow.  Drinks took forever.  In fact one of our drinks (a draught beer mind you) was delivered after our dinners were cleared.  The drink had been ordered when dinner was ordered.  Three of the items we ordered had issues (mostly missing ingredients).  I understand some mistakes for the first few weeks but what I didn't understand is how the place handled it or didn't handle it as the case may be.  Our server was made aware of the issues.  And NOBODY ever came to the table to address the situation.  I didn't expect for anything to be taken off the bill but a manager could have come and said something, anything.  In one instance, a member of our party ordered a margarita which stated "agave nectar" on the menu.  It came to the table clearly missing this ingredient.  When the orderer of the drink asked if it could be a little sweeter (aka more agave nectar), the waitress actually came back with it and said, "The bartender says he made it exactly how he is supposed to and you must just not like it"  Seriously? I plan to give it another try in six months or so but I must say, if someone from the management team had just come to the table and said two words to us it probably would have made all the difference.
4	This place is huge! I love the decor, atmosphere, and of course, the food! I went for happy hour during the week (pretty good happy hour menu) and shared a few things: -Beet Lollipops- I think they need to be revamped- instead of roasted beats on a stick, rolling in crushed pistachios and served with a goat cheese dipping sauce, it should be the beat, stuffed into a goat cheese ball, and then rolled into pistachios-Red Pepper Hummus: it doesn't top Pita Jungle's, but good in its own right. I love the crunchy lavosh and thing sliced cucumber  it's served with- Deviled Eggs!! Yowzers!! You must try these! -Mac and Cheese with Chicken: so delish, really creamy and huge chunks of grilled chicken! -Cucumber Martini: not too sweet and very refreshingOur server was so friendly and attentive, and told us that recently, Saturday nights have been packed. I've heard they have great bands (but he specifically told is they are shying away from the "blue martini" type bands). They're main menu looked amazing! I can't wait to go back and try more!
4	I had the pleasure of attending the grand opening last night and this place is great. Very spacious with 3 full bars, tons of flat screen TVs, and ample seating. The food and drinks were pretty good, but "free" makes everything taste a little bit better lol. I wish this was located closer to Old Town, but it does give me a reason to head up North. I really want to give this place a try on a regular night. So far, so good.
5	VIP invite?  check. Arrive early?  yes - but so did the rest of Scottsdale!  WOW.  What. A. Party!  WHOOP~WHOOP!So, this will be a bit biased, since the entire night was Gratis - so how can this be anything other than 10 stars - wait, there's only 5 here, damn...I think 97% of the people here thought the roving wait staff who branished house wine was their only option, thankfully, because I seem to have a good feeling about these situations, I went right in for the Top Shelf Grey Goose La Poire  (that's Anjour pear Infused, btw).All I can say is good thing I was dropped off and did not have a car!{enough said about that!}(Oh, can't wait to go back to see live band Fri/Sat evenings)(and to experience their happy hour)(oh, and to go when the crowd is under 2000+  )
3	We checked out Primebar for the Phoenix Magazine Grand Opening event and I left with mixed feelings. I will say that they put on a nice event, with a free open bar (woo hoo!) and plenty of food, all tasty but nothing exceptional. Also, the service was outstanding...we didn't even have to go to one of the three bars for our second round of drinks, as a server came by to ask what we were having and promptly returned with them. My big problem is with the design...bland, boring, and corporate (which it is). The whole place is done in neutrals, with wood-like walls, a few Edison bulbs with metal mesh around them to pass as light fixtures, some mosaic tiling (still in neutrals), large neutral-toned pictures, flat screen TVs all over, and a mix of modern alternative and rock music. It's certainly not the sleek and sophisticated bar I imagined when they compared themselves to places like Blue Martini, Sapporo, and Ocean Club...it's more like a Yard House than any of those places. Great for watching the big game but not as a sophisticated watering hole.
3	great scene...mediocre service...a great alternative to Blue Martini  (or defunct Barcelona)  and a few other places in N Scottsdale. Didn't get a chance to try the food, but it' on the list for next time!   Having a good selection of beer makes it a good sports bar
4	We came for Happy hour during the grand opening night. There was a pretty decent crowd, good music, good food and good drinks. The service was decent.  I think our server might have had too many tables that were spread out throughout the restaurant. She was running around a lot. All in all, it was a good place.
1	Where to begin?  This place can't decide whether it's a restaurant, bar, Indian Casino (the seating looks like poker tables) or bingo hall. There were three separate bars (all under staffed), a large stage and a lot of seating throughout.  Loud music, tons of people, etc.The FoodYou would think that a restaurant called "Primebar" would have amazing PRIME steaks.  Not so much..the rib eye was tough with gristle- one of the worst cuts of meat my boyfriend has had in years.  My dish, the salmon, should have been called "salmon soup."  It came in a bowl filled with about an inch and a half of broth.  The beet salad should have been called the "canned diced beet salad."  And last but not least, the yellowfin tuna sashimi just sucked.The WineOrdered two bottles of Plumpjack (over $100 each) and they were served warm (obviously primebar doesn't store their wine in a cooler at the right temperature of 50-55 degrees).The ServiceThe hostesses and bartenders were very nice.  Our waitress was sweet but when we asked her what cut of meat the "primebar cut" was, she answered "beef I think." (kind of funny).  The CrowdI'm speechless$400 later we drove to Ocean Club and had a fabulous time!
1	Well...I am not sure where to start. Dinner at Prime Bar was quite possibly the worst dinner I have ever had. The atmosphere is just so so...really just a big room full of tables and TV's. The staff was pleasant but it went downhill from there. We ordered dinner which consisted of beet salad, bone-in rib eye and scallops with polenta. We also asked for some bread. We were busy chatting over a glass of wine (horribly mediocre selection) and did not realize how long the arrival of the bread was taking, but then to our surprise ever thing arrived AT ONCE. Bread you could buy at a grocery store, wilty beet salad with perhaps 3 beets. The scallops were cold and the rib eye ordered medium rare was totally rare and covered in a strange cold sauce. Even the dessert was lame...some "blondie sundae" that needed sauce on top instead of the very bottom of the serving dish. My last comment is a bit odd, but here it goes...the straws in the water glasses are 1/2 inch too short for the glass so you have to reach your fingers into your drink to get the straw out. They did comp most of the meal but since I only ate the salad because i was starving I don't feel too bad. Two of my friends warned me before I went to Prime Bar....I wished I had listened!
4	The latest spot in Scottsdale's Kierland ~ Scottsdale Quarter area. Primebar is quickly pulling patrons from the HOT , HOT, HOT Blue Martini at City North.  I am a fan of the location of  Primebar as well as the food and prices. I am usually all about the Happy Hour. Primebar has reasonable Happy hour pricing as well as premium drink choices and quality foodWe sampled the Pomegranate Martini ~ The Silly Goose ~ Margarita ~ Beer. $6 Martinis (using  top shelf +FRESH ingredients) and $3 Drafts quality from Stella, Local Four Peaks Brew, and Bud Light. The temperature and the taste were right on target for a 100+ degree Friday when we walked in. The Margarita ~ a little on the dry side , but fresh ~ Pomegranate Martini slightly sweet, cool , fresh, and had people fighting over my blueberries! Silly Goose also yummy! A little more of a citrus (grapefruit side) tart, but fresh and yummy.The appi's that hit our table were the Steak Quesadilla ~ Calamari ~ Pulled Pork Sliders ~ and the Roasted Pepper Hummus.  We skipped the Deviled Eggs although I was curious. All for $5 each and the servings were plentiful enough for 2 or more people..The Steak Quesadilla used very very thin slices of steak melted cheese on the inside, crispy and dry on the outside (not mushy) with a kick sauce on top, and disappeared quickly. I was too full for the pulled pork but they were overstuffed sliders only 3 to a plate but big enough to cut in half and share.Next came the Calamari. I was not a big fan , but I have lived on Calamari on trips to Asia so it is hard to match in the US. Primebar fell a little short. It was crispy but also very oily. Everyone liked the sauces ( because they were American style) Tartar sauce and cocktail sauce! The coating was like Italian Seasoned bread crumbs. I bet Primebar can improve this dish to come up to the standards of the rest of the menu.I am so tired of Hummus! Someone else had to try it and I must say that it was the best I have given in to in a long time. The presentations, texture and taste  were all 5 stars in my book.I really like the flexibility of the space at Primebar and hope I can make it back after Happy Hour sometime to listen to the "live" music. An early tease may have kept me there!Definitely GO! It is worth a trip for some quality fair and let me know how you liked it if you STAY!
5	Yummy.  Everything we ordered was great.  Prices were really fair.  Service was stellar.  Been there twice now, once for dinner and once for lunch and it was great!
1	I would love to be able to review the food / drinks for this 'Hot' Spot, however I can't! I called around 1pm on a Friday to reserve a table that night for a friend's birthday celebration. I reserved a table for 10 people at 10pm; and told the host that answered the phone I would call back around 8:30 to let them know if the number of guests would be significantly less than 10 (he had said it is hard to hold a spot for 10 people that late... I thought I was being helpful by offering to do so...)I called that night around 8:50pm (20 minutes late, I know....) to let them know it would only be 8 people, not 10. I was told by a different hostess that answered the phone that my reservation was at 8:30, and I had missed it. I explained to the hostess there must be a mistake, and that my reservation was at 10pm, not 8:30. She said that NO, my reservation was at 8:30, and the table was gone, and there really wasn't anything that I could do. I asked to speak to a manager, as now we would be scrambling to find a new spot, should the reservation not go through. (**Note, you do not need a table to go to Primebar, however it was the birthday girl wanted, so I wanted to make that happen.)The manager, Sean, got on the phone, and told me that I had missed my reservation, and that they had called me two times to see if we'd be coming, but I never answered. Now, seeing as that my phone hadn't rung at all that night, I asked Sean if he had me confused with someone else. (Hey, mix-ups happen!)Sean then told me that he is sure they had called me, yet wouldn't confirm the number dialed, and continued to speak over me and not answer my questions about if there was anything we could do to get a table set aside for us. Due to his 'jerkiness' I said he was being a real Jacka$$, as I was trying bring him business. He then got REALLY mad, and said "Listen, Deary, this is how this is going to work" and "This is what we are going to do" and other ridiculous comments (during this time, I wasn't getting a word in edgewise, he just kept repeating how I messed up and that we couldn't have a table, etc etc). It was really shocking how nasty and vile his attitude was. He wasn't interested in all in problem solving, but rather a power-trip and scolding me was all he focused on.I then was forwarded to speak to his General Manager, Matt, who was nicer, but didn't apologize for the mix-up or for Sean's ridiculous behavior. He offered to buy a round of drinks for us, should we go there at a later date.. but I politely declined. I am shocked and appalled at what Primebar considers to be 'customer service'. To the management's credit, I did speak to the Marketing Director of the Scottsdale Quarter today, and she was very nice and apologetic; however she doesn't run the day-to-day operations of Primebar. Based on the other reviews it looks like the food is pretty good - but I can say that the management team they have in there is horrible... which can't bode well for the rest of the staff.
3	I was between 3 and 4 stars, but more items were okay than were delicious, so I rounded down. I met a group of girlfriends there for happy hour on a Wed and the place was packed! Good atmosphere and service. We ordered off their happy hour menu - it's nice to find a happy hour that lasts until 7pm. Roasted Tomato & Basil Flatbread: Nothing to write home about. Pretty plain and standard. It had a few diced tomatoes sprinkled on it and not a lot of basil. Stuffed Peppadews: Excellent! Peppadews are a rather recent discovery for me. For those of you who don't know what they are, they look kind of like a small tomato and taste kind of like a hybrid of roasted red pepper and pepperoncini. They were stuffed with mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto and drizzled with a balsamic vinaigrette. Roasted Red Pepper Hummus: The hummus itself was good. It was topped with a generous helping of sliced cucumbers and and olive tapenade (too bad for me since I don't like cucumbers or olives). It was served with "toasted" flatbread which almost seemed fried to me - a little too crispy and oily for me. Beet Salad: Arugula, mandarin oranges, pistachio brittle, roasted beets, goat cheese, and a citrus vanilla vinaigrette. Overall a very good salad. It was a little too sweet, which might have been the combo of sweet dressing plus mandarin oranges, or possibly simply too much dressing. If I ordered it again, I might ask for the dressing on the side or no mandarin oranges. Pure Desert Margarita: tequila, pure agave nectar, lime juice, sugarcane stick. Now that I look back at the menu I realize I didn't get the sugarcane stick. Tequila was the overwhelming flavor. I thought the agave nectar might give it a little something special, but it didn't. I'd probably try another drink next time. Overall, good happy hour prices, friendly and attentive service despite being crowded, nice atmosphere, and I like that they have live music. I'm sure I'll go back.
2	Yes, I know I shall be hated for this review, but that is a-ok with me. So, we ventured to the place that is the talk of the town...well for the moment at least. It was time for happy hour and time for me to treat myself to a tasty strong beverage.The layout of the place is awesome, especially with the stage in the middle and a bar right in front. It is immediately apparent, that we are surrounded by cougars and older men. Ok cool, at least the bartender in her hot little corset looked like she was our age...too bad that her attitude sucked to say the least and she had no clue what was going on. Aaaaanyways, back to this tasty beverage..We order the strawberry kiwi martini, calamari, a Caesar salad, and quesadilla. Ok ok, I know, what the hell was I thinking, ordering a strawberry kiwi martini if I wanted something strong. My fault, but it sounded delicious. Well, epic fail. Aside from the fact that there was ZERO alcohol in the drink, I was more overwhelmed by the exfoliating action my tongue was getting from all of the kiwi seeds. Yucky.On to the food. Well...after waiting for a loooong time it finally arrived. The Caesar salad was tiny - and we ordered the full size. They should have brought me some chop sticks or even better tooth picks to eat it with, maybe then it would have filled a small crevice in my stomach. Then the calamari. Yes, I know we are in the desert, but come on...don't feed me some chewy crap drenched in buffalo sauce - even though the sauce was probably the best thing. The quesadilla was solid, but what can you fuck up there?Overall, bleh. Nice try, but a definite fail. Not impressed with the service, the drinks, the food, or the servers to be honest.
5	Primebar is an awesome addition to the North Scottsdale Quarters area. Their Happy Hour menu is truly the star. Superbly priced food ($5) for dishes like the bbq chicken flat bread (fave), calamari (fave), steak quesadillas, sliders, etc...Just can't beat the selection. The portions are pretty big too, you can get full on 2 Happy hour dishes easily.During the weekend nights, the place comes alive with a live band. Only gripe I had was on Saturday night (few weekends ago), it was jam packed with people, but I barely felt the Air Conditioning. Felt like a sauna in there, which usually isn't the case during the happy hours on the weekdays.But overall, fun place to chill. Great atmosphere, nice loungey chairs, plenty of tv's to watch sports.With close proximity to the H&M store and the rest of the Kierland area, this is definitely among my faves for Happy Hour in the North Scottsdale area.
5	I love this place! I've never had dinner here, but it is a great place to go for happy hour and a night out. Primebar is spacious with three bars, a dinning area, and a stage for live performances. The decor was modern/contemporary. The crowd consists of mostly people in their mid 30s to 50s, with a sprinkle of people in their late 20s.  I love the happy hour. The average price for happy hour is about $5/item and the portions are good. The drink specials are even better. Wines by the glass (really big glass) are half off and there are good deals on the cocktails as well. I highly recommend the margarita and the berry mojito.  As for food, go for the sliders and steak quesadilla. Live performances start at around 10pm from Thursdays through Saturdays. The bands and type of music change week to week.
3	Errrr.....I'm 29And I felt way too young on a Friday night here at 10pm.I'll wait ten years, then come back.PS.  I had the pork sliders with sweet potato fries, and it was all delicious and reasonably priced.
4	So my friend and I checked this place out last night. We got there at 8:30 and it was crowded by the time the band started at 10 p.m. it was packed. Very nice layout, bar in front, dance floor in middle by the stage and bar in back that is suppose to be more of a sports lounge. Like all new Scottsdale bars it is still in the "identity crisis" stage. The intent was for it to be modern/contemporary sports bar. However, right now they are getting the mix of Scottsdale. Girls in second skin mini dresses rockin 5 in stiletto's standing next to a guy in a t-shirt and a UFC cap. Scottsdale fakes talking about vacation homes, their latest investments, trips and expensive cars while dodging the bill collectors and IRS. All of this sprinkled with a few cougars and older men with their eyes glazed over and wishing someone would define the meaning of it all. Definitely a mid 30 to 50 crowd and most people were dressed up but I think that will change a little once the newness wears off. It's a place to be "seen" for right now. Prices were as expected. I had wine and it was $10/glass. I didn't try the food, maybe next time. TV's are positioned well if you watch an evening game. They don't open until 3 p.m. but bartender said that will change soon. Speaking of bartenders that is the one negative they don't have enough bartenders for Saturday nights. People were 3 deep to the bar and waiting awhile for drinks. Our bartender was friendly but the rest of the girls looked like they didn't want to be there.
2	Just not our scene.Nice - I guess.  I don't know. It's new anyway.  No cover.  No dress code (judging by the people in shorts and flip flops on a Saturday night).  No service.  (We were there for half an hour and never got a drink.)  Honestly the worst band I've ever even imagined.   The combination of sports bar/nightclub doesn't work for me.  At all. Be one or be the other.  Don't try to be both.  The place was packed so I guess I am in the minority.  We stayed for half an hour, never got a drink and grew tired of the truly heinous cover band.
4	great food, atmosphere and specials!
4	This is a pretty hip, trendy venue situated around the Kierland area.  The decor inside and out is very upscale and modern, similar to many places around Scottsdale.  The square footage of this place is very roomy, even on a good night with some outside patio.  There is a band that does take over later in the evening on the weekends.  So you can hear many cover songs, contemporary and older.I mainly frequent here for Happy Hour and I must say the price for each item is pretty good.  We are talking $5 pork sliders to quesadillas and more.  They make some really good mojitos with various flavors such as berry and pomegranite.Also, the last time I was here, there were a slew of 'cougars', in case if any male Yelpers cared. ;-)Overall, it is a high-end venue on a relatively, appealing Happy Hour price.Direction: As you enter the South Entrance of Scottsdale Quarter, you will see it to your right or passenger side (if driving).  It is also walking distance from the Apple Store and H&M.
4	"Yay! I'm a fan"...for happy hour. Food and drinks are priced just right and it lasts until 7pm (very hard to find these days!). Late night...ummm not so much, it would be 3 Stars. The place thins out after 10:30-11:00pm.
4	I like this place. I was hangin here for a while on the couches watching football, and had a great time. I had been here twice before and always have fun. I had the mac and cheese and my gf had some sort of taco. It was really good.
3	The drinks and food were good, the price, ehh not so much.  Beautiful place with a great stage area with live music.  Enjoyed the atmosphere and the bartender was very versed on mixology.  But, like a mentioned it was pricey.  Maybe I'll be back for happy hour.
2	We tried Primebar on Satruday night.  I'd have to say - a disappointment.  Looks good on the outsdie, good location in the Scottsdale Quarter, but just doesn't deliver. Part of a big theme restaurant group.The bar areas look cool even though it's sort of a "wide open" layout.The Menu has some interesting items  but the execution is just average. The Shrimp Bruschetta - decent flavor - but they just bury the bread under "mounds" of tomatoes - so everthing just gets soggy.The Caesar salad - just OK.The ladies had the Pork Tacos and the regualr hamburger.  The guys the Prime Rib sandwich and the Club sandwich with sweet potato fries.Again, the food was just OK.  Except for the hamburger.... It comes with two, yes two patties??  So you can only order it medium, but hello what women wants TWO patties??  A guy - maybe, but he would get the Prime Burger(better beef & bigger).  As a resul,  it is almost impossible to eat and cooked to death - what where they thinking??The sweet potaoto fries were an "A", the highlight.  The service took 1 hour....They said the pirnter in the kitchen ran out of ink so they got behind.  Sounds like a  "my dog ate it" excuse.Laslty, the bar crowd....I pity Scittsdale women that they put up with the "bling, sideway or backways baseball hats, and tighty whitey tee shirts and jeans" crowd - We felt like we walked into a 50 Cent concert.Too Bad.So much potential -  I think another 1 and done....
4	I didn't eat here, but went with a group of women in the 40+ range. It was a Saturday pm, and to say this is a singles bar is an understatement!!Drinks were strong, service was good at the back bar. Band played just loud enough where we could still talk to each other and not have to read lips to have any clue what someone is saying. Many men in their  "Going out" Outfits...ie. Longsleeve button down, untucked, and jeans. Some poseurs walking around, some pretentious women who have kept their bodies tight, so they assume everyone wants them. My 2 friends ended up meeting two (married) men from out of town...sleazy, but they are single so......Had a good time! great washington apple shots!
4	I really liked this place - good atmosphere, great drinks and great service!
4	We have been here twice, Once on a Saturday (afternoon to early evening), we ate and watched a game, no specials on the drinks that day but very good service and food.  I ordered a Mac and Cheese pasta & chicken dish. It was very good. We went back on a Friday night for their happy hour and dinner! I ordered some appetizers to snack on for dinner, also pretty good. This place is hopping for Friday night happy hour. Monday through Friday, It has great happy hour specials, on top of the great food and service. They also have live bands later in the evening on Friday and Saturday nights. We did not have the opportunity to experience the late night atmosphere as of yet, being we left before 9pm but it looked like it would maintain the great atmosphere and one night we will go back to see how that is. I look forward to returning.
4	Two words. Happy Hour!! Amazing happy hour. Everyone was right when they talked about how good the food was and with the yummy appetizers being $5 and huge portions. SCORE! My girlfriend and I were trying to figure out exactly what we wanted and if we could have, we probably would have ordered everything off the happy hour menu, except for the beet lollipops. I mean really? beet lollipops? I know you shouldn't knock it until you try it but I despise beets. Blech. The hummus was delicious, the calamari was fried to perfection and there was lots of it and the bbq flat bread pizza. YUMMO!The place was packed because there was a Toys for Tots going on the same night so it made for great people watching. I am happy I got there as early as I did because seats were hard to come by at around 5:30pm. I will definitely be going back to for happy hour real soon.
2	This place made me remember why I don't live in Scottsdale anymore.
4	I have only eaten here 2 times and both were very good. I usually come here for happy hour and stay till about 10pm. Happy hour has good drink specials and good food specials. It's a good mix of a crowd on friday and saturday night. Live music and a lot of fun. One of the best places to go out to eat, drink and listen to music in north scottsdale. The only thing I do not like is decore of the place it looks like it's from the seventy's. Lol.
4	Probably one of my new fave spots for sure! The rommie and I stopped in finally the other night, and it was great. Plus the fact that our favorite Sean is there doesn't suck either! :-) It is in a great location in the Scottsdale Quarter, beautiful shopping center! There is a small patio on the front, then you walk in the front door and you are greeted by the hostess and a bar to your right, with just enough televisions to satisfy your sports craving but not too many to make it feel like a sports bar in the slightest. Continuing through there is the main dining room in front of the stage area that has another standing bar in front of it for their live music Friday and Saturday nights. Then in the back is yet another bar, a round one this time. The greatest part is that they have made sure that even when the band is on this area is a bit quieter than the rest of the place so you can still carry on a conversation. Great thinking! I hear that Easton Ashe is going to be playing every Saturday night!!! Super exciting! Love them! The drink prices were great, only $10 for a specialty martini, in North Scottsdale none the less, and a great wine list. The food was pretty spectacular as well. Sean insisted we order the Beet Lolly pops, if you are a beet fan then you will be in heaven, large beet squares rolled in pistachios and a goat cheese dipping sauce. I am not a beet fan so I was underwhelmed, but no ones fault other than the beets themselves. We also had these peppadew (sp) things that were out of this world good. Tiny sweet peppers stuffed with prosciutto and mozzarella with a balsamic reduction and a basil olive oil drizzle. The steak quesadilla was de-lish as well! I cant wait to try more. Over all a serious A+ in my book. Enjoy!
4	sunday night bar hopping, stop # 2. just from Parc Central.Very cute and friendly staff.  But wait, i think everyone in black leggings and short mini skirts is friendly.  older than So. Scottsdale crowd (thank god! if i see one more mother f-ing 30K millionaire up here....).modern decor, but definitely a "bar." and i like them all (bars...stay with me).maybe TOO many plasma TVs (maybe). a little distracting.  just sayin...HARD pourer (i love you). could taste the chopin vodka.  Huge 20+ oz wheat beer.  all the drinks we had were yummy. get drinks. even if your, well, from utah (we won't tell).apps were "bland" to "awesome" as per our group of four.Srirachs (asian hot sauce) deviled eggs (needed little drizzles of sriracha)...but, they were scarfed down, and we had to fight for the last one.beet lollipops yummy, light, and creative.stuffed peppadews (cored little sweet peppers with a HINT of heat) was our fav. plot some prosciutto and mozzarella in the center, and plot that little sucker in your mouth.  yummy!service: attentive, knowledgeable, friendlyfood: fancy bar food (like rock bottom on meth)drinks: can't complain, so long as i can taste the vodka in my martinidecor: fancy bar. not tommy bahama attire, nor ocean club...kind of blue martini attire.price: i think reasonable for good food and drink portion size.why not 5 stars? dunno.  too bright of TVs, and they're EVERY WHERE!
4	I had a sub-par experience here about 2 months ago and haven't been back until just last weekend. This time, they nailed it! I almost felt silly for not coming back sooner. They have incredible food (portions large and great to share) and drinks. I loved their strawberry basil martini, I have been thinking about it ever since. I do not remember the name of our server but we were greeted in less than 2 minutes and our food came out quick and perfectly fresh. It is definitely very busy on Friday and Saturday nights (for obvious reasons) but they have a great menu for late night food all nights of the week. So, instead of going to in-N-out because its "the only thing open", think again!
3	Well tickle my taste buds and thank you for the generous pours of Malibu, primebar. Indulged in some after-golf festivities and a stop at this place was a-ok. From the sliders, tacos, hummus and flatbread, service was pretty quick despite the crowd. Flatbread was average but the sliders and hummus were tasty. Best of all was the fill it before it's empty bartenders! I love it when you've got a couple sips left and they catch BEFORE your glass is empty. Keep them coming... yes, please!!The bar in back is spaced well. If you come with a group and there are only a few seats, you won't be packed in like sardines. You can stand around and still have people comfortably pass you by. With about nine TVs within your eyesight, you can catch any number of sporting events being shown. Always a plus for my bookie... er, I mean in my book!Up front they have plenty of tables, a bar and when were leaving, a stage with a band was playing. It didn't even drown out the sounds in the back of the establishment which is always a plus in my book. MRB Approved!!
3	The Scottsdale Quarter is grown and has really become a happening place.   We got to PrimeBar early enough on Saturday that we were seated immediately in the rear bar.  Nice atmosphere and plenty of room.  Beer and wine selection was good, a lot of local stuff which I appreciate.   We split the prime rib sliders and the PrimeBar burger.  Burger was great (huge) and well put together.  Sliders definitely left room for improvement.   The meat was so minimal it was basically bread and some horseradish.    Service was good, food and drinks came out quick.   We'll try it again, the burger showed promise but we'll just avoid the sliders.
3	3.5 stars...**Great value for the $$ during Happy Hour**First visit to Primebar for HH, and I have to say that their HH has some of the great deals! Especially for the $5 appetizers, which was 50% off from the regular menu, good portion and delicious! Four of us sampled out the mini burgers, BBQ chicken flat bread, steak quesadilla, and the calamari. I especially like the flat bread and the quesadilla, so good!!! However, didn't really like the calamari as it was arrived kinda cold and the outside breading was kinda soggy. The pitfall - music was too loud. I mean, it was really loud that I had to scream to my friends although we were like 3ft away...
2	I have to admit I expected more from this place than I got.  Here's the deal, you want decent HH for a low price?  You got it!  You want good service too?  No problem.  You want good food -- whoa there cowboy!  If this place was small dive I would totally understand, but hey you just happen to be in the Scottsdale Quarter where everything must be a hit right? Right!?  Needless to say I appreciate our Aussie bartender he was cool!  The ambience is alright -- not my cup of tea -- got that cigar smoking lounge, sport bar flare and a stage for live band just in case.  Don't get me wrong I dig live bands.  Maybe just not in this setting.  Prices, like I said were good, but I guess you get for what you pay for - Enjoy!
3	Nice bar/restaurant, but is it necessary to setup a band to play smack dab in the middle of dining section??  I was here for dinner on Friday night and this being my first time I didn't realize that they had live music, but no biggie.  When we were seated at a table directly in front of the band (rock), we immediately asked to be moved.  Fortunately they found us a spot towards the back, but I am still a little confused as to why on earth they would even try to sit people for dinner where they did.  My food was excellent, pork tacos with tasty black beans and rice.  The beer list was good too (90 Shilling Ale and a local microbrew Nut Brown, which was also great, were the two I had).  Once the band started, our table conversation ended which sucked as there was a group of eight of us who could not hear each other.  I would go back, but maybe just to drink.
1	I wish I could tell you more about Primebar, but my group was treated so poorly at the door, we never made it inside.   A group of 15 of us arrived in a party bus on Saturday at 10PM.  The organizer had called in advance and requested to get on the list.  She was told there was no list, but there shouldn't be any problem getting us in before 11.   When we arrived there was a short line (about 5 people), and were told by the bouncers they were at capacity.  This surprised us because there was absolutely no one sitting on the outside patio.  As we discussed the situation with the bouncer they continued to let people in that were behind us, and kept telling us we needed to wait longer. During the 15 minutes we were standing there waiting, they let about 30 people in behind us, and then when we complained they told us we shouldn't have let them get in front of us! What were we suppose to do, protest the line and take out anyone who tried to pass us?  That's what bouncers are for! Needless to say, after it was apparent they had no interest in our business we left.
2	Wow, servers were a bunch of stuck up b's in corset's... that's original. Didn't eat, but wanted to check out the crowd on a Friday night.  Bleh... typical NoSco crowd of gym jockeys in Affliction shirts two sizes too small... late 40's women with enough botox to look early 40's and a few lost 20 somethings stretching to pay $12 for a drink.  The cover band made it an easy decision to bail and salvage the night at Eddy V's with some great oysters and live jazz from actual musicians.
4	After 45 plus reviews, primebar has a 3.5 star rating, and to me, that is legit. I'll give four plus simply because it is a great...great! Food option in NoSco after 10 pm. It's never too busy that late, the food is ultra sheik for a late night dining destination, and the drink list is fairly approachable.Recommended: Asian tacos, any of the flat breads, calamari, and the French dip. Drink wise: the dirty martini with blue cheese olives, and the "fire and ice"! Seriously delicious! Great service makes up for the token north Scottsdale douche bags you'll probably run into here...just ignore them, if you can. Better yet, don't make eye contact with them, or at least the guy with the "Affliction" shirt, he might try to choke you out :)
4	Great spot.  Friendly staff.  Awesome happy hour.  Live music is usually pretty good as well.  Bathrooms are too small but it's usually not an issue.
3	Loved the Peartini. The calamari is good but the shrimp bruschetta was jut OK. The bartender Sean was very friendly and helpful in recommending different beers.
4	This is a great spot to meet up for Happy Hour after a busy work week. They also do live music at night and it turns into a good spot for drinking and dancing. Their are many other bars right in the same area and across the street at Kierland but this place you should check out all the way. Dustin is a great bartender and really takes care of you.
4	Great place for Happy hour! The food is great as well as the drinks. My girlfriend had the 'fire and ice' and she loved it. They had Oak Creek Hefeweizen on tap which is one of my favorites, and hard to find. I was very excited about that.  This place seems fairly new, but the atomsphere is classy/casual (well at the hour that we went), and pretty laid back. The servers were great, friendly, and knowledgable. Although this place is new, they seemed to have great reccomendations and suggestions on waht was popular off the menu. We snacked a bit and mainly were there for drinks. The hummus was probably one of the best hummus dishes we had ever had. I highly reccomend getting that plate. Also, the drinks are out of this world. The martinis are also on happy hour and are so eclectic and unique. Lots of different flavor twists. It was so hard for my girlfriend to even make a decision, she ended up getting two different ones! Her friend got the pear tini with St. Germaine in it and she also got the berry mojito. They all had no complaints. I stuck with the Oak Creek Hefeweizen, which was great on draft as always, but they also have a Nut Brown Ale and beer from Four Peaks, a local brewery. All in all a great place. The layout is spacious and inviting and the tip I have is to go to the back of the restaurant. When you walk in, head straight for the back wall, you will see a circular bar and a circular wall with tables along it, that area also is open for happy hour. It is less crowded, a little quieter, has TV's and is perfect to beat the crowd!!Enjoy!
4	I hear Primebar is closing, and I sure hope this is a big horrible rumor. Now, don't get me wrong. There are things I can't stand about this place, but we will get to those. *Come for happy hour!!! They have amazing drink specials. I love the 5 dollar glasses of wine. It's a long list of GOOD wines. All of the other drinks are really cheap at this time, too and they keep a diverse list of specials. They also have extremely cheap (around 5 bucks) and delicious appetizers. There are some little tables by the back bar that are cozy and romantic. The back bar usually has the post work crowd sitting around it. Overall a good feel. Not too loud or bright. We get great food, drinks and service for a real deal. It's conducive to conversation and relaxation. Well, unfortunately this is where the magic ends. Evening comes and with the strike of the clock welcome to your "typical Scottsdale club-like scene". At least it's a bit of an "older" crowd. Not the 21ish clubbing dancing crew. They have live bands that are good, dancing, and it gets pretty darn crowded. Problem is the prices all of a sudden triple, the service disappears, and the entire scene changes! You become surrounded by lots of plastic surgery, skimpy outfits, and men flashing their wallets. (Time to pull out those bills for the now present bathroom attendant!) If this is your deal and scene, you would probably love it! Reminds me of Barcelona back in the day. :) If it's not, come for happy hour. It's fabulous for that! Then, as soon at it ends, pack on up and get the hell out!
2	Let me start by saying I have no idea about the food here, it could be amazing and knock my socks off, but I will not be back to find out.We came here on a Saturday night and it was annoying.  The service was decent, the drinks pretty strong....that's all that I can say in the good arena here.  The atmosphere is boring and uninspired, the decor blah and the clientele douchey. (if that's even a word)  Prime example: a 45 year old guy in an Affliction shirt with a sparkly peace sign on the back...what?!  There have to be better places to hang out in Scottsdale.
3	This is more like 3.5 stars - it was fun and I liked it, but nothing amazing. For a restaurant/club like venue, it was ok. I liked the food (had something pretty basic) and they were nice to customize my order. The live band was good. I'd definitely go back, but I wasn't a huge fan of the bathroom-attendant type feel, kind of felt like I was in old town - which I do not like. In the bathroom some lady went on about how she could be my mother but she still "looks good". If you could be my mother then maybe you shouldn't be showing so much boobies ;) I think I got out just in time as cab fulls of partiers filed in.
5	The Primebar is great!  Went there last week and had a great experience. The tuna tacos are amazing and so are the happy hour prices.  The Australian gentleman that works there really made our experience.  He made great suggestions and was very engaging. We"ll be back!!
4	I've only been for happy hour, but it was well worth the trip! Great prices on beer, wine, cocktails and happy hour munchies. I had a couple of beers and the flat bread pizza, very tasty. I think my total came to around 15 bucks. The bar tender lady was really friendly too. It wasn't very crowded so she was joking around with us a bit. With their happy hr prices and good service, I'll be back next time i'm in the neighborhood.
4	I really like this place. Good happy hour, pretty good crowd- I didn't see a bunch of D-bags like others mentioned. I did get a rude bartender once but no biggy. They have live music, and it's a good size place so you don't feel claustrophobic or have people invading your personal space. Cool decor too, I found it kinda romantic. Tip- try the mojito with coconut rum.
4	Flat out one of the absolute best Fish N Chips I've had! And this is no small statement coming from someone who was born in Milwaukee, WI. After all if there's one thing beside beer, cheese, and brats Milwaukee is known for its fish fry's. Every corner bar and family restaurant had a Friday Fish Fry special when I was growing up. Whether because of this childhood experience or something else, I love a good fish-n-chips. Only problem is I'm *extremely* particular and almost no place measures up. Not the case with Primebar. Their fish-n-chips on the night I went was near perfection with a nice strong beer flavor that is often listed (beer battered) but hardly ever tasted. I will absolutely be back if for nothing else just to have the fish-n-chips again and if you're in the same camp as me you need to check this place out. If fish-n-chips aren't your thing, I also tried the fire & ice, steak quesadilla, and short rib tacos....decently average. Nothing I would write home about or likely on Yelp under its own merits for that matter either. As for the rest of the Primebar experience, it has a bit of an identity crisis. Come in before later evening hours and it feels like it could be a nice family friendly bar restaurant; with the exception of stepping into the bathroom complete with a condom dispenser on the wall and an attendant displaying his assortment of wares for sale on the sink. A scene much more familiar with a strip club than any family restaurant for sure! Come in later, and you'll be greeted by loud music, perhaps live, and a crowd that's definitely pretty hard core and diverse. Women showing off their latest investment and others trying to flaunt in the latest fashions; some successfully others not. Tables along the outer walls will be the only remnants of the earlier scene. Clearly this won't be for everyone as evidenced by some of the other reviews. That said, if you don't judge it can be a pretty interesting and somewhat unique scene to watch. In fact some may even find it a refreshing change from the stereotypical cookie-cutter crowds found in so many places elsewhere; perhaps even a must for anyone who feels their life is boring, mundane, and routine. Whatever your deal is if you're looking for a great fish-n-chips try this place out; early in the evening if with the family or if you want to avoid the night scene or come later fish or sans fish just to check the vibe out.
4	Happy hour is incredible. The happy hour menu is large and everything on it is really good, chips and dip in particular. For drinks, the peartini and mojitos are amazing. Live bands on the weekends really makes it fun to go sit with friends. I would have given it five stars if it weren't for the previously mentioned d-bags in the affliction shirts all over and a few stuck up waitresses we've had.
4	I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars.  You've got to accept it for what it is: a fun place for people in their 40's, plus or minus a few years.Pretty good happy hour prices on drinks and food.  Fun atmosphere later at night with the live music.
4	Primebar is a fun spot at the Scottsdale Quarter, great ambiance and great deals during happy hour.  They have a good selection of small plates and drinks at discounted prices.  Happy hour small plates are good sized portions and have everything from a delicious tomato and basil flatbread to fried calamari to deviled eggs and spinach queso dip.   Very easy to make a meal out of these appetizers!  Regular restaurant items and drinks are a little pricey, but not overly expensive for this part of town.  The service when I've been there is generally good, but it can get pretty slammed on a Friday or Saturday night.  On some weekend nights they have live music and it's definitely a 'place to be' in the Scottsdale Quarter - typically an older crowd than you would find in downtown Scottsdale.
5	Had a ladies night out at Prime Bar at the Scottsdale Quarter the other night. Loved the food, Loved the atmosphere, Loved the live music! Showed up at 2 min until happy hour was over and the waitress asked me if I wanted to order off of the happy hour menu for food and drink anyway which was AWESOME! They had 1/2 price drinks and food for the deal- can't beat that. I liked that we could still talk and didn't have to scream over each other but there was still upbeat music in the background.
4	I dropped in here for the first time this past Friday to attend a private event in the back bar area. The place is very open and has a very modern and chic feel to it. The servers were all very friendly and quick to refill peoples drinks. The food was alright but everything was stone cold which was a bum out. The spinach cheese dip for the chips was so cold it had ceased up and you couldn't dip a chip in there. The soft pretzels were soft and tasty but ice cold. Wah wah.
3	Nightlife/beverage only review:Primebar sports the same crowd that rocks out at Sapporo and other "Cougar Dens".  The crowd is made up of older patrons that enjoy dressing like their teenage children.  My friend and I enjoyed people watching and trying to figure out what drugs the lead singer of the cover band was on.  Several beers are on tap and fairly priced.  Not much is open in the Scottsdale Quarter after 10 pm, so this place allows folks in the area to party until bar time.
4	Great happy hour spot, which, FYI is Monday - Friday 4pm-7pm. Draft beers are $3 and you can get specialty drinks for 5 and 6 bucks a pop. I decided to try the Strawberry Basil Martini and was in love. My friend got a plain mojito, but was just as happy with her drink as I was. We split the red pepper hummus platter, which has super delicious chips served with it, and the chicken quesadilla. We also both got a side garden salad that was pretty small, but only $3.99 and it came with a piece of cheese toast. The food in general was good, nothing fantastic, but the prices and atmosphere is what will be bringing me and friend back again. The layout is open, with three different bars and several tables inbetween them. There was a giant stage behind the main bar, but no one was playing when we were there. The staff was very friendly and the service was quick. Looking forward to going back for happy hour again.
3	This is a strange establishment. There is one bar near the entrance, usually packed with dozens of people waiting for drinks. Then there is this totally empty space roughly the size of a high school basketball court. On the opposite side of that empty space there is another bar with one or two stragglers sitting idly by themselves. Occasionally the volume of patrons is greater on weekends but usually in the same proportion.  Other than the odd floor-plan, the food, service and atmosphere are all adequate. The clientele is not exactly my speed but may be someday. Worth checking out if your at the quarter and enjoy people watching.
1	Cheeeeziest place to spend time, along with ELI's. Same people~ but different names hang out at these 2 places. Crappy drinks and the bar staff put other peoples drinks on your bill. YIKES!  One of the Bands that plays there is good~ but mainly too loud. This place made me want to go back home, lay on my sofa , take  my TV  remote control and watch Celebrity rehab! The people who frequent this place are ...ummm....ummmm WTF where in the world are they from? Gross! The food slides off the table either alive still or greasy and nasty...my chin got 'moisturized' eating that crap. I ordered a vodca cranberry and got a super red #4 carcinogentic something.. that looked like coolaid and tasted like rubbing alchohol and nail polish. I think the word 'eeeew!' is the best word to describe this low class bar...and sorry....I am jumping out on a limb here but..the people are pretty darn ugly and drunk that I saw there. I saw a woman's naked crotch in there, and a guy rubbing himself in there. HEY! Don't kill the messenger..I'm just sayin .
4	Great atmosphere! Awesome drink specials :)
4	Only stopped in for one drink towards the end of the night. The band was breaking down the equipment and interacting with the crowd quite a bit. Drink was strong.(Ambiance profile needs to be updated...this place is far from Hipster...as are most things in Scottsdale)
5	I have been back numerous times over the past year and thefood and service has always been excellent. There happy hours are fabulous and there live bands on Friday nights make for great people watching. This really is my go to place to meet up with people and I plan on becoming a true regular in the next few months :-)
4	I didn't try the food, so that is the only things holding back another star.  Went there for girls night out and had a blast.  The band was amazing, crowd was fun, staff was attentive.  It was just a great night!  I would recommend.
5	DJ Big Puma! Always awesome to see your friends spinning at a favorite bar. Every time i come here i have a great time. I love the layout of the bar and the atmosphere. have yet to try the food but the drinks are always strong. if you haven't been, this place is definitly a must see.
1	I was so surprised at how rude the bouncers were, that I didn't even know what to say.  They told me my perfectly valid ID was "expired and they can't accept it".  The bouncers are completely ignorant because Arizona licenses do not expire until you are 65.  I do not want to surround myself with morons, so my friends and I (who were dressed to impress that night) will not be returning.  Typical SNOTTSdale wanna-be-Vegas-nightclub.  Why do bar owners think they have to be "exclusive" in order to turn a profit?
2	The only thing i love about Primebar is the food. Ive been about 4 times and only once has the food let me down. My salmon came out almost raw as well as some underfried and cold calamari. We sent both back to be cooked longer but they were still just blah. I always order a wedge salad because it is simple and delicious, and honestly how could anyone mess up a wedge? Drinks are expensive as well as the food (it is scottsdale quarter after all). The service is always consistently bad! We always sit at the bar but it always seems to take a good 10 minutes before we are even acknowledged. The atmosphere is definitely wierd too... There's a stage and stage bar but rarely any live music. We go around 8pm during the week or on sundays and there are a few drunk annoying older men at the bar along with a few decent looking girls with multiple older men trying to pick them up. That is our source of entertainment at Primebar. After the sunday afternoon football games, we waited about an hour for the bartender to realize the tv had cut out before she changed it. The restaurant part is alwasy empty which is why we choose to sit at the bar. But I think Im done with primebar. The bartenders are always too busy flirting to notice or care about a young couple. Seriously, if primebar wants to make it, theyll clean house and rehire some new staff members.
1	Primebar, we had a serious relationship for a year. Diligently I visited you every month enjoying your great food and drink specials and informed all my friends to do the same.  And then it happened. I tried to order a drink at your main bar for over half an hour! Yes, I timed it, what else can you do when you are waiting so long? My husband went to the bathroom and thought for sure I would have  drink when he came back but he was wrong. Finally, when I thought I had the bartenders attention, another customer came up and I was ignored although I had been waiting politely instead of other rude people screaming for drinks, which I thought would have been appreciated.  Finally, I demanded my debit card and pointed out what had happened. I would have forgiven you since your back bar was closed and I know you were busy, if I had gotten a simple apology. Instead, the response was, "ONE SECOND".  And to top it off, the person next to me actually apologized for getting service before me!!!!  Needless to say, our relationship is over as well as my recommendations.  And months from now, when your bar is sunk and you wonder why, you will see this message right now and realize when you treat your loyal customers so poorly, they will treat you the same way.  I still wish you good luck and hope you can learn from this.
4	We popped in here for drinks on a Friday on Barrett Jackson weekend for some drinks an people watching. Judging by the polarizing views of this place you either love it or hate it. I can't speak to the chow as we only came here after getting our VIP free cocktails from the fancy car auction. The place was pretty packed and the live band set up and playing directly behind the main bar was doing a pretty decent job of entertaining the peeps dancing and signing along( "don't stop believin' " )Anywho, yes there were cougars\pumas and yes there were younger people co-existing in the same space. All in all the service, libations, entertainment and the crowd were the makings of a good time.  Again this was on a busy weekend with lot's of tourists( us) and we weren't there for dinna....so for the above mentioned 4 stars.
2	Got served WARM wine and asked for a chilled glass and was defined as "high maintenance." (My friend told me after we walked away) When I order a nice glass of wine, especially for the prices in these Scottsdale establishments, I expect it to be served at the proper temperature. The wine was boiling hot and when we asked for a chilled glass or a cooler bottle, we got attitude. The manager did come over and apologize - offered a round which we declined. We saw him talking with the bar-staff a few minutes later. We go to this place often because Chris Parker's band plays here, but not for long if we encounter this again.
2	Good news: the place has a great location, hip crowd, trendy hot spot, cool vibe, etc. The food is pretty good, the prices are reasonable and appropriate. Bad news: ironically, because this place has a high demand, the staff has a "you need us more than we need you" attitude and trust me, this shows. The staff is so over the top arrogant and condescending, it's almost like a movie where you see the ridiculously obnoxoius waiter character - same deal here. You will be hard pressed to find a location that treats it's customers with as little respect as this place.
1	"Hipster,Trendy" ????-I think NOT !!!! Very disappointing......weird crowd ( older men on the prowl? ) , and unfriendly bartenders w/ lots of attitude. I've given this a few tries thinking I just hit it on a bad night , but won't be going back. So many other great places in Scottsdale to visit !
3	First, I'm surprised at the price range of "$$" on this place. It is extremely expensive in my opinion...though that's expected in Scottsdale I suppose.I had the shrimp bruschetta and it was fantastic. I asked for very little cheese because I'm lactose intolerant and it still tasted great, and they listened to my request. I expected this place (from the online menu, which is either seasonal or out of date) to have a bit more choices of things to eat, especially without cheese, but the menu felt fairly limited. My friend had a salad and liked it a lot.I had a martini here, which was super tiny and like, $10, so I wasn't too happy about that. It was really good tasting, but for the size it was kind of pricey. Our waitress took FOREVER to check in on us and take our order, and I didn't consider it to be very busy. But she was very nice.About the atmosphere - we went on a Friday night and it was quite LOUD, even before the band started. However, it was swanky and ambient and very nicely designed. There is a band stage behind part of the bar, and the band there was great. They covered recent pop songs of an electronic nature (think Rhianna's "We Found Love). There is a small dance floor area between the stage/bar and the tables where you eat. They went on about 9, still during dinner, and it got louder, which I wasn't a huge fan of. However, it was still cool that they had that and we enjoyed it a lot! Also, the crowd is the older Scottsdale crowd, men and women's in their mid 30s to early 40s, it looked like. A few probably in their late 20s. I'd say the men were kind of douchey.
2	I've been here 4 times.  They are hit and miss with great experiences I want to tell everyone about and really bad ones that I wish never happened.  The bad experiences seemed to all revolve around the hostess girls.The last one was bad but I'll be back again because of their awesome happy hour.  I consider myself a happy hour expert and theirs is damn good with several top shelf options for bottom shelf prices.They (are supposed to) open at 4:00pm.  The last time I went my wife and I showed up a few minutes early.  The door was locked but no biggie, they aren't open yet after-all, so we decided to chill and chat outside the door.  4 o'clock came and we tried again but still locked...  Whatever, its beautiful out and I have the best company in the world to wait with.  4:05.  Still locked.By this time another couple had come by and left, not wanting to wait like us.4:10...  still locked.  Seriously?  So I decided to call almost as a joke.I did.  They picked up.  I asked what time they opened.  She girl replied happily that they opened at 4.  My next question was to ask what time it was because I was waiting outside.  I was nice about it and all.Her reply was "ummm", then I heard her ask someone else if the time was right on the computer, then she put me on hold.  Tic toc..., a minute or two went by and by this time we were getting a little frustrated with it now being almost 4:15.I hung up, tried the door again, still locked, so we walked away.  We got pretty far away and sat on a bench so I could consult Yelp on the next new spot and looked back to see a girl poking her head out the door.We went back and were let in.  No "sorry about that" or anything which is about all it would have taken.  We ordered our cocktails (the C.E.O.) which is supposed to be a dirty martini with Chopin, by far my fav vodka.  Its a potato vodka unlike the Belveder (also very good but not Chopin) which he used for the martinis.  Small detail but it would have been nice if he said something instead of just using a different vodka than listed on the menu.We ordered their steak quesadilla which was awesome as usual.  I've had dinner here also and it was expensive but very good.  Place gets nuts (pretty fun crowd) at night with live bands, cougars looking for rich guys, and poor guys pretending to be rich to land a cougar. Post up at the bar and have fun.  So I guess "it is what it is".  I'll be back.  People watching is great.
1	CLOSED FOR GOOD... due to poor management/ownership.. The upper management snuck in during the cover of darkness, like the bunch of cockroaches they are... Took anything of value.. Staff comes in the next day to find the place barren and closed. No notice to staff, no notice to anyone.. and if they follow their track record, no payment for anyone they owe money.
5	Just learned today they closed down - so why am I still writing this review ? Not sure, but it was probably the best happy hour in N. Scottsdale. $3 drafts with awesome choices. HA food was excellent, and priced very well...Clientele is mostly over 30 with some younger smatterings about. Every server/bartender was very nice, efficient.I hope more places follow their reasonable happy hour (as opposed to rip-off Tanzy) but I guess for now I'll continue to stay away from Zipps and go to our good 'ol stand-by, Tilted Kilt.Not sure what happened or why, but maybe Twin Peaks took some of their customers.Good bye Prime Bar , I'll miss ya
4	closed
