5	New concept of fast food Sushi ... you make your own ... going through a fast line, you pick your rice, wrap  ( seaweed or soy paper), 3 vegetables, then your meat or fish.   Entire process takes about 2 minutes, and ends up with delicious custom sushi.Portions very filling, staff friendly, and place spotless.    Price very reasonable.   Definitely going back!
4	On our way to the Chipotle in the same complex today, my husband and I were accosted by one of the staff members encouraging us to come in and try How Do You Roll. The menu looked interesting and affordable, so we decided to give it a try. We were told it was their first day of business and we were excited to try it. It is basically build your own sushi roll. It is a lot like Subway or Chipotle, where you pick your rice, wrapper, veggies, raw meat, cooked meat, sauces, and toppings as you walk from one end of the counter to the other. They had a great selection of ingredients and I was impressed by the toppings and sauces that were available, including sesame seeds, spicy mayo, wasabi mayo, masago, etc.My husband and I each had one roll and a cup of miso soup for a grand total of about $16. The rolls were pretty good and the veggies were crisp and fresh. Each roll is cut into 10 large pieces and won't leave you hungry. While the miso soup had a good flavor, I wished it hadn't tasted so watered down.The staff members were very friendly and paid careful attention to every detail. One employee even picked up our table for us when we were finished eating. All in all, I am glad that we had lunch here, and we will definitely go back soon and try a new combination of ingredients in our rolls! We are happy to welcome How Do You Roll into the neighborhood and hope that they do well!
5	What a great new concept!  I love how you can create your own sushi roll.  You start by selecting brown or white rice, seaweed or soy paper then veggies, meat/fish and top it with your choice of sauce(s).  If you aren't creative they have some menu items already created for you.  And, to also note, if you aren't a fish fan, they have chicken and beef as well.  Each roll comes with 10 pieces, so portions are big.  The food is fresh and it was a blast to create my own roll. I will definitely go back!!!  Well done!
5	Just opened today, make your own sushi roll, AWESOME! Not for the faint of heart or those who can't make decisions. Fruit on rolls? Try it, pineapple rocked! Will be back often!
5	Great concept and friendly staff. Food was fresh and combinations are endless.  makes it a nice light and cheap lunch. I cant wait to go back
5	Refreshing new concept for our fine city.  Quick, affordable and high quality product to go with some very friendly/helpful service.  Vibe of restaurant is very "hip" and clean.  Rear patio area is a great place to people watch.  Nice to leave a fast casual restaurant without feeling guilty.  Will be back next time in am in the area.
5	This place is delicious. The restaurant is functionally similar to chipotle but with Japanese sushi. There is a great variety, from traditional style sushi to more "modern" varieties (dying to try beef in my sushi!) can't wait to go back!
3	Finally decided to check this place out for lunch. It's esentially a Chipotle set up but with sushi. You can pick a pre selected roll (ranging from $6-11) or make your own a la carte. You can get soy paper or the traditional Nori wrap. I forget the name of the roll I had, it had crab and uni. It was decent, nothing to write home about. My wife actually attempted to order a riceless roll and while they made it for her, it seemed to be a super task. Overall I give it a solid 3 stars. Not sure I'll go back, but it doesn't mean you shouldn't give it a try if you're in the area
5	As someone who loves sushi rice, but not the raw fish that usually accompanies it, this place is perfect. When we came in, the manager described it as the Chipotle of sushi, and with the affordable prices of PeiWei. While I thought it was kind of strange to describe this place in terms of nearby restaurants, it really is an accurate description.  The rolls are a decent size and quite filling. I'm a big guy but two rolls filled me up easily.  I got a brown rice, mango, cucumber, and asparagus roll, and a white rice, avocado, spinach, and tofu skin roll. Both were delicious and only $4 each for 10 pieces.  This place is my new favorite place in all of Phoenix. Can't wait to go back.
4	Great concept. You basically get to build your own sushi. Generous portions, each roll was about 10 pcs. Lots of options and very good! The owner was there and very personable.
3	For $7.05, I got a brown rice, mango, avocado, jalapeno and spicy salmon sushi rolled in seaweed and topped with creamy miso sauce, sesame seeds n chili powder.Quality was ok--- the fruits were canned and the fish wasn't top notch, but the price is reasonable.
3	This was my first time at How Do You Roll? I thought it was an interesting concept, but I am still skeptical. I was able to design my own sushi role and picked things that I wanted. I have to say that I am not sure that I know how to design a sushi roll and it was not that delicious. I would even say it was weird. There were a few rolls to choose from that were standard, but I wanted to be adventurous. I will admit that I may not try that again. I feel like I have to do research on sushi ingredients before I try creating my own again.
5	An absolutely amazing concept and both food and service were great!
4	I came here this afternoon because I was feenin for some sushi and heard good things about this place. I parked on the street to create less stress for myself so I can't talk to much about the parking situation..so.. lets get over that lol!I had a shrimp roll with crunchy tempura on top with 3 side sauces, sweet chilli, a peanut flavored one ( wasn't feeling this) and the Spicy mayo (My favorite). The workers are really dope and friendly, and walked me through the whole process of choosing veggies, wraps, meat etc. I was pretty full after my meal and would def be back whenever I'm in the area.. too bad I don't work downtown anymore, this place would be real convenient and has a great return factor4 STARS**
4	Great fast food concept that is referred to as the "subway" for sushi as it relates to the ordering and assembly process. The process is easy and just like Subway you can design your own meal or select from one of the standard items on the menu. The quality of the product is quite good - the tuna looked exceptionally fresh during my visit so that's what I had. Outside of their menu items, you can design your own roll by selecting your preferred wrap, rice, three veggies, one protein and any sauce/topping you want (some toppings cost extra). The staff was very friendly and even shared some upcoming possible changes that may be happening - Deep fried tempura rolls. Yum! They also offer beer, sake, and Mochi Ice Cream. The best part is they are open till 10pm, Mon-Sat. This is awesome!
3	First found out about this place through the yelp app for hot new local places and after reading about this place, I was stoked and wanted to try it out for it being a sushi version of subway/chipotle.When I got there everything inside was pretty nice and green, the staff were all very nice - the sushi is what it is. The sushi is basically average quality and is for those that are on-the-go and need it quick than waiting at a typical sushi shop. The more items that you add onto it is going to add up of course and it will all depend if you know your sushi on what sauce you want to add on there to suit your likings. Overall, it is a good place but it's not something I would crave for and rush there but more like if I'm in the area and not feeling other fast food joints.
4	For three and a half years we've lived in the Valley, and for three and a half years we've searched for the sort of reasonably priced, fresh sushi was had frequent access to in Portland. Some places are phenomenal but bankroll-busting (Roka Akor). Some places are decent, but you're still overpaying (Stingray, Ra, everywhere else I've gone).How Do You Roll? is a horribly-named chain out of Austin. It's the Chipotle of sushi, where you pick the ingredients, and some guy who looks like he belongs at Chipotle or Starbucks puts it together for you, and there are all kinds of options. It's disconcerting. Everything about this place seems like it'll suck.But you know what? It's pretty damn good. I'm not saying this is the best sushi in town. I'm not even saying it's as good as somewhere like Stingray (which, as I mentioned, isn't all that great, either). But it's close, and you get what you want. And the best part? You don't feel like you're getting gouged. It doesn't even feel like going out.I'm convinced How Do You Roll? is going to be a gamechanger. It's going to draw Americans to sushi who wouldn't have considered it otherwise. It'll be an affordable way for sushi lovers to get their fix. There's plenty to balk at (again, that name is AWFUL), but this is our new sushi default in the Valley.ADDENDUM: After a third visit, some cracks showed. The seaweed wrap was doubled up or something, and became obnoxiously chewy. Then our cashier charged us for eight meats instead of four, and it took quite some time to remedy the situation. Also, I've got the feeling they're masking the taste of the sushi with sauce. (This is not a place for sashimi or nigiri.) Anyway, we'll try again, but I was scared off a bit. Fortunately, if my wife's craving it, there's always Five Guys, Chipotle and Jersey Mike's nearby if I'm in the mood for something else.
5	I was getting married on 2-29-2012. And we wanted something that was quick and easy and near our wedding location. My now husband suggested we go to how you roll. I'm not a sushi person. But I was willing to try it. The staff was very helpful and understood I didn't like sushi, so they suggested some veggie rolls! The soy seaweed, rolled inside-out with white rice, strawberries, cream cheese and jalapenos. It was so good!  So we got it catering for our wedding, and everyone ate everything!  The whole staff was so nice, and said we were the first ones to have catering! Thank you "HDYR" for your suggestions and for your amazing work!
5	One night, I was futzing around on Yelp and came across this new place.  There were a lot of good reviews, so I went out the next day on a mission to try this place and review it, too!While the location is great (across the way from SideBar), the parking kind of sucks, but I found a spot eventually (it was also lunch time on a weekday, so that's probably my bad).  I met a friend there, and we were eager to see what all the hype was about.  Basically, everyone is right!  It's like Chipotle or Subway, but with sushi!  What a great concept!!!  You can choose white or brown rice with either soy skin (which I thought sounded effing gross) or the traditional seaweed (way better!) and then you can pick three veggies (anything additional is 50 cents more) and you can add meat(s) for a little extra, too.  I opted for the seaweed with brown rice and added avocado, cukes, sprouts and asparagus to it.  It was quite a nice little green roll, if I do say so myself (and I do).  They take the roll and put it in this nifty roll cutter, and out comes 10 perfectly cut sushi pieces.  Then as you move closer to the register, they ask if you'd like any toppings (crispy tempura, roe, sesame seeds, etc.)  They have all kinds of sauces: ponzu, soy, teriyaki glaze, sweet chili, sriracha, eel, and maybe more that I can't remember. You can also grab a bowl of miso soup or some edamame just in case you want a little something extra.  When I went to pay, my rolls were only about 4 dollars plus my drink= 6 dollar meal.  Woo!  When you go to the condiment bar, it's full of ginger and wasabi and two big iced tea pitchers and then two more that are full of ponzu and soy sauce.  It was awesome and I was in condiment heaven!!  I grabbed some of the hibiscus tea and was ready to go.  The roll was soo delicious and the tea was surprisingly good.  I went back for more, and grabbed a roll to go for my woman and a cucumber salad (they also have a squid salad and a seaweed salad).  All in all, my expectations were met and then some and my friend really enjoyed her meal, as well.The food was great, the staff was friendly and helpful (they saw the look on my face as I walked up and totally knew I didn't know what I was doing), they explained how everything worked and made my experience that much better.Can't wait to come back!
4	I will start by saying this place does not have AMAZING sushi BUT they do have good sushi that is cheap, convenient and has a kitschy set up. The BF works right across the street from this place and he has brought the sushi home a couple times. I like that I can have a choice in what I have in my sushi including brown rice and many different veggies that are fairly fresh. I can't speak for the fish, as I don't eat fish, but I have had a roll from here with chicken in it and it was kind of bland...not worth the extra money. Although the sushi is just ok, I like that it is fast and inexpensive and the rolls they give you are large and plenty big enough for a meal. I will be back here for sure.
4	I really like this idea. Like many other reviewers, I like being able to have my choice of fillings for my sushi. I want a weird combination of veggies with no fish or meat; at How Do you Roll? - DONE. For only having veggies inside of my roll, I wish it would have been a little cheaper, but it was filling and tasty. In total, I had a make-your-own-roll (veggie), seaweed salad, and medium drink. It was $9. And I was definitely satisfied afterwards. Could I have eaten another roll? Yeah, probably. But I didn't, and my stomach was still very happy.
3	We saw this place was coming months ago and have been excited to try it out. The staff is friendly and realizes you don't have a clue about how it works. You can choose ready-made rolls OR make your own! You choose soy skin paper or traditional seaweed wrap (nom), white or brown rice and move onto choosing veggies/meats/etc. I'm a vegetarian so was glad to see their veggie rolls were really affordable: $3.97 (for 3 veggies - this selection includes tons of fresh veggies and their cream cheese/fried soy skins/sweet egg) - and anything over 3 choices is only $.50 extra. I got two rolls and a tea for $10. Not bad!They have every sauce imaginable and some fun toppers, as well. I wish I had seen that they have seaweed/cucumber salad ($2.50) and miso soups! They are filling and cheap and delicious! Is it the best sushi in the valley? No, but they give me options and it's visually appealing. Next time getting a roll with a side of seaweed salad and miso soup! Yum! Definitely coming back.
4	Having lived in Tokyo, our family knows when a sushi roll is A sushi roll. We finally tried How Do You Roll and we loved it!  Not only is the sushi good, but the whole concept is awesome.  It is pretty much like going to Subway or Chipotle.  You go in to the counter, choice of white or brown rice, choice of traditional nori or soy, then there is a wide range of fillings and you get to choose what you want in your roll including toppings! For the squeamish eaters especially when it comes to raw fish, you can have a roll made with cooked beef or chicken or just a veggie roll.  What a great idea!  Sides of edamame or miso soup is available and cucumber salad, etc. plus choices of ponzu or shoyu, ginger, and of course they have wasabi!  Prices?  Truly reasonable, way cheaper than going to a regular sushi bar.  Cons?  Servers need to change gloves more often especially when shrimp is involved.  I am hypersensitive to shrimp and my ears were itchy after eating at this place.  Perhaps the customer before me ordered a sushi roll with shrimp.  Another con?  Sushi roll is served on plastic plates lined with paper...  C'mon people.  Can't you guys do better than this?  All in all, I would go back though and ask for the server to put on a new pair of gloves though!
2	Staff was great, food was very fresh. BUT the rice comes in preformed squares that are packed tightly. That makes for a bit of a chewy roll. I like my sushi rolls light and fluffy, I wouldn't go again although it is probably the best fast-food sushi I've had -- much better than what you would buy prepackaged at a market.
5	I went to HDYR today for lunch, Ordered up a seaweed, white rice, cream cheese, sprout, asparagus, with spicy tuna roll and covered in spicy mayo, my mother and brother also ordered rolls, my brother Is pretty picky when it comes to food, and I never heard him complain about his rolls once. Is the quality the greatest, no its not, but when you consider the concept for this place its a place for many people to be introduced to sushi, to make it quick, and make it affordable, I think the quality lives up to anyone with reasonable expectations, and for my meal to be $9 with a coke it was pretty reasonable, also get the combo not just a soda, soda is $1.80, combo is $1.95. We tried the green tea and vanilla Mochi, not sure I'm a huge fan of the rice coating on the outside. I ordered a seaweed, white rice, cream cheese, asparagus, avocado, and unagi roll to go for dinner, and I swear I can hear it calling my name right now. I think it would be pretty cool for this place to maybe teach sushi making once a month or so for a small fee, have people pay $10-$15 and show them how to roll sushi and make their own right in the store, I'd sign up!
4	Not too shabby for fast food sushi
4	This was decent sushi at a reasonable price and super quick (especially for sushi) service.  I love the concept and wish I had the funds to invest in this franchise and open one up in our home area.  If there is ever a HDYR opened around me, I will be a frequent customer.
4	I am a fan of primarily sashimi, not rolls, but have heard good things about this place.  To quote a friend, "it is Chipotle style, but sushi rolls."  They were correct, except I have never been greeted by a friendly staff at Chipotle.The opposite was true at How Do You Roll, we were greeted with a "Hello how are you today, is this your first time in?"  They walked us through all of our options and explained every combo we could make.  They have 6 standard rolls and an option to build your own.  They also have a small selection of alcohol to accompany your decision.My wife and I had the "Slammin' Salmon" and "3 Alarm Roll" and were not disappointed.  We also had the calamari salad, which is the same as any other sushi joint in the valley.  I was surprised how impressed I was by the food and counter service.  I will definitely be back.  If you build your own roll on your first visit be prepared for them banging the gong.
4	This place is great! Tons of options, super clean, and the staff is really friendly! The menu and concept  can be a little overwhelming for the first time customer so the staff is amazing in walking you through everything and explaining. We will be back for sure!
2	Reading some of the other reviews, I feel like I must have eaten at a different restaurant. I order two spicy tuna rolls with brown rice. Both had zero flavor and could have been molded from Elmer's paste instead of fish. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Seems like a good concept.
5	great addition to the neighborhood.  surprisingly delicious sushi.  very friendly and clean.
3	I love that they've built up this little corner with some places to get a quick bite.  HDYR is very clean and the staff is friendly.  The have like 4-5 basic rolls to choose from or select your own ingredients.  I'm a very indecisive person so this place isn't good for me- I dont know what the hell I want in a roll so I just ordered a Philly, it was on par with the rolls you can grab at the grocery store deli. Nothing special.
4	I wanna try this place because they care enough to read and respond to reviews. YELP has a huge influence on where me and my family eat. Way to go in the customer service department!
4	I had avoided this place for a bit because I didn't want to be standing there in line going "Uh...Ummm...Uhh..." and not be able to decide on what I wanted.When I finally decided to take the plunge I was pleasantly surprised to find it was very easy to order what I wanted.My roll was the bomb. Big tip? Cilantro is like bacon, it belongs on everything. Enough said. Try it out, it's rather yummy!
2	Interesting concept, its like a chipotle but for sushi.I would give this place a 2.5, there weren't a lot of variety to "make" your sushi compared to the restaurants that you order from the menus. I think to enjoy this place you should really know what goes well in a sushi roll. Mine came out to be not as flavorful as I would have liked while a friend's came out really well. I guess it all depends on what you put into your sushi roll. I also ordered the California roll, all it had was imitation crab stick, cucumbers, and avocado. Don't order it. It was very plain! I've had better California rolls...Another negative thing that stood out was what they called "tempura" which you could top if off on your sushi roll, it looked like rice krispies and it tasted like rice krispies. Avoid using that as your topping.
3	I've visited a few times now, and have no complaints. I do appreciate how fast the service is - it's hard to plan on sushi on the way to work, as it's usually a lingering meal for me - but I can go into How Do You Roll 15 minutes before work, get a couple rolls to go and still punch in on time. That's a definite plus!With all the restaurants sharing a small parking lot, the parking can be a bit insane at peak times. Happily - my work schedule is far from normal, and I'm not anywhere at peak meal times!The food is fresh, staff friendly and informative, and this provides a great alternative to fried fast food or tired subs.That said - I enjoy the soup/salad/breadsticks at Olive Garden, but I don't confuse it for real Italian food. I will grab grub at Taco Bell in a pinch, but I don't confuse it for real Mexican food. How Do You Roll is a nice change of pace, but I would not confuse it for real sushi.
4	This was good and fun.  It was a nice place to go as a family and not very expensive.However, we enjoy making sushi at home and that is an even cheaper option.  Head over to Ranch Market at the Chinese Cultural Center.  Pick up a rice cooker, Japanese Calrose Rice, Sushi Vinegar, seaweed, all the veggies you want and sushi grade fish of your choice.  Don't forget a bottle of sake for $4.85.  Our family of 5 can have all you can eat sushi and all you can drink sake (for the adults) and it only costs $20 at home.Okay, back to HDYR.... The menu has 6 featured roll choices ranging from $5.95 - $9.95.  The funnest thing though is to choose your own.  #1 You Choose Your Wrap & Rice- seaweed is $3.95 per roll and soy paper is $4.95 per roll.  Your choice of white or brown rice for free.  You can choose up to 3 "veggies" to go in the roll.  Choices are: Asparagus, Avocado, Baby Spinach, Cream Cheese, Cucumber, Green Onions, Jalapenos, Sprouts, Egg, Tofu Skin, Seasonal Fruits & Seasonal Veggies.  If you want to add a meat to your sushi roll it is an additional $1.95 (for beef or chicken or crabsticks) up to $2.95 (for freshwater eel, shrimp or seasonal fish).  Some toppings like chili powder, sesame seeds and cilantro are free.  Others cost money ranging from 99c (crunchy tempura & smelt egg) up to $3 for some seasonal offerings.  Sauces on top are free- creamy miso, ponzu, spicy mayo, teriyaki, japanese mayo, sesame chili oil, sweet chili and wasabi mayo.  All sushi rolls are 10 pieces. HDYR also has salads- cucumber, seaweed and calamari.  edamame and miso soup.  For dessert you could get mochi ice cream for $3.Drinks are tea/soda/water/japanese soda as well as beer, wine and sake.They do have a kids meal for $3.99.  This includes a 5 piece junior roll OR beef or chicken teriyaki bowl with edamamae or a fruit cup, kids drink and a toy.My kids wanted a full size 10 piece veggie roll for $3.95 and a bowl of miso soup for 99c and a free cup of water with lemon.  I felt that was a better value for us.
4	This place was really good and very affordable. I love that I can make my own roll because I am super picky and they have lots choices too. The place was very clean and service was friendly and fast. I will be back here for sure when I have a craving for sushi.
3	It's pretty cool that you get to make your very own special rolls, with toppings & sauces and you get to make a "meal" out of your personal order. However, the price is a little steep for this "fast food" environment! For prices like this, I expect a server, a menu and a little more atmosphere then their "subway" look. Toppings are priced as add on's so be sure you know what you're getting & be clear on the added price of each topping. Other than that, it's a pretty cool place, I would visit it again IF I had too.
5	the fun of building your own sushi, without the hassle of cutting those tiny strips of cucumber & then #$%(ing up your roll b/c you don't have a sharp enough knife to cut it! or maybe that's just me?at any rate, had a great experience with the kiddos & sis tonight. we all got our own rolls made just the way we like them :)  ok amount of veggie options, bummer the miso is made with tuna broth (WTF?). but as I vegan I had no problem finding plenty to fill my belly.there have already been many comparisons to Chipotle & Subway- yes, it is true! dinner for all 5 of us, including cucumber salad, seaweed salad & edamame, was about $40!
1	This is a very poor implementation of a great idea. I have eaten pre-packaged grocery store sushi which tasted better than this! If you really want to roll your own sushi there are plenty of instructional videos on Youtube. Otherwise, there are plenty of other sushi restaurants priced similarly, which deliver a much superior product.
5	What an awesome sushi place! I highly recommend How do You roll, if you want some sushi done quickly and freshly and without wait. what a novel idea. I want to thank the manager Amanda for taking good care of me, can't wait to come back again!
4	Great concept! Choose your rice (white or brown), soy or seaweed wrap, 3 veggies, and one protein. Then they roll it for you. Add toppings or sauces after it's sliced for you. Try it!
5	Love , Love, Love this place...
2	It was so-so. This place is basically the Chipotle of sushi. The Philly roll has way too much cream cheese and wants for something crunchy to balance the soft textures of the avocado, salmon and cream cheese. I will probably come back if only so that I can try my hand at a custom roll and see how that turns out.
4	It was a 1st date, and he picked the place, told me we were headed out to get some sushi, and I was like yea! Love me some sushi! We got to How Do You Roll, and I thought, wow what a cute name, but then stepped inside and saw it meant literality how do you roll, like what do you like for your rolls, Now me being a new person of sushi only know how to order of the menu of rolls put together, so I felt dumb not knowing what to make, thanks HDYR haha , time for me to start learning so that when I come back the next time I will sound like a pro!We ordered the Philly Roll, which was salmon, avocado & cream cheese, it was good and tasty I liked it! Also ordered the Slamming Salmon Roll, had salmon, jalapenos, cream cheese, strawberries covered in sauce. Now who would have thought salmon and strawberries & jalapenos would work, but omg they do! This was a great roll! And it started giving me ideas for other rolls! It had heat & a sweet taste; I think it was my fav roll! Last roll we ordered was the 3 Alarm Roll, it was spicy tuna, cucumber & avocado and topped with sauces, this one also packed some heat, but I was blown away with the Slamming Salmon Roll, I think it stole the show!So now I will do some sushi making homework before I venture back, but I will be headed back for sure!
4	I love the concept of this place! I agree with one of the reviewers below that it is the "Chipotle" of sushi, so if you're looking for something authentic this is not the place for you. The reason why I'm a fan is because I love being able to create different combinations with the ingredients that I like, they have a ton of options and they have quality fish. I come here when I'm craving something not too heavy and healthy, and don't want to break the bank on authentic sushi.
5	The fish that they use is pretty decent.  It's not the freshest, but for the price it's definitely not bad.  I love the concept of this place, and the staff is really pleasant and patient.  What was a big selling point for me was all of the gluten free options.  Their menu is clearly labeled, and all of the soy sauce is gluten free as well.  The person behind the counter also was sure to verify any ingredients that he wasn't sure of instead of simply guessing.  I was very impressed.  And the total for my hubby and I?  under $20.
3	I rolled on in for my first time for lunc today and nowI really have mixed fellings. My Roll did taste good, but anything covered in spicy mayo would. I like the brown rice, but the complete lack of artisan craftmanship with the rice, icrean scoops used for fish and cutting leave me unimpressed.My real quandry is when it comes to value. ~7 for a sushi roll is not a bad price (or a great one) but for lunch $7 for a seat your self type place is on par however one sushi roll is not really filling enough for me.  Thus the 3 stars based on my ability to feel full after a roll + miso soup (.99).Service ws fast friendly and helpful. I liked the idea of soy sauce in a iced tea like despencer. If you are not too hungry, and want a fast lunch that can be somewhat healthy give this place a try.
4	I have to admit, walking in to this place was almost like a dream come true. The only down-side was being plagued with the loud voice in my head screaming "why didn't I think of this?"Seriously. You can customize your roll to be exactly what you want, no matter how silly or slight. Pricing isn't too steep, either. Now let's make a roll...Want to go traditional with white rice and nori? No problem. Oh, you like brown rice? No problem. Want soy paper instead? No problem. Now pick some veggies. Don't like avocado? DON'T CHOOSE THAT THEN. Don't want any veggies? YOU DON'T HAVE TO GET THEM (this aint your mama's roll)!Hate the crab and mayo mix? SKIP IT. Pick WHATEVER YOU LIKE (salmon, tuna, spicy or not, egg, cream cheese, go nuts people)!Do what YOU want. Smile. Be happy. Watch it all happen in front of your very eyes... THEN!It gets rolled up tightly and sliced. Now you can add sauce or "toppings" (I do sort of feel like this term should change). They even have some custom sauces! I mean, the only thing missing here was for someone to feed me the rolls. Seriously. It is a casual atmosphere but it feels hip. Would be nice if there was a bar nearby- oh wait, there is! Across the street. Would be nice to drink on the patio though... This is how the only got four stars out of me.Great. Now I wish I lived in the neighborhood. Well, time to start house shopping. Or maybe I should just open a franchise...
5	It's the fast food of sushi... In a good way! Delicious, cheap and fast! You can't go wrong!
4	I moved to Phoenix about a month ago and was dying for some sushi, I didn't even care from where! Boy I was lucky to find this place. It's like a Subway... but sushi. Choose from a soy or seaweed wrap, pick brown or white rice, and decide on your fillins'. It's nothing hardcore or odd either, which can be nice... you know exactly what you're getting in your roll. My favorite is the Philly roll w/ the smoked salmon. It's quick, it's easy, it's relatively cheap. The restaurant is cute to eat in or outside is a little patio. Staff is very friendly and the place is typically clean (thank you!!!!) I would definitely recommend it to friends and coworkers. I go there about once a week for lunch. I'd be super excited if there was a lunch special that included miso or edamame for the same price as one roll, but it's whatever... and I'll still go back, so really they win. But go ahead and try it, it's nice for a quick sushi run to satisfy that craving.
4	The Subway of SUSHI! That pretty much says it all.  And its just as fast!PICK YOUR+ Wrap: Seaweed or Soy+ Rice: White or Brown + Veggies: Avocado, Cucumber, Asparagus, Tamago (Egg), Sprouts, the list goes on+ Meats: Beef, Chicken (I know crazy huh) Salmon, Smoked Salmon, Tuna, Ebi (Shrimp), Unagi, the list goes onIf you are lazy to customize your roll, you can hand pick from a fixed menu, not as many though.  Another option is to turn it into a bowl instead of a roll! Hey that rhymed! Just as delicious! An average meal will run you about $9.They do have a condiments area where you can self pour a small cup of soy sauce and unlimited ginger and wasabi.  Go nuts I say! :P
5	Awesome place for really good sushi. Friendly staff and always fast.
2	I am actually surprised that this place has gotten so many four and five star reviews. This was okay for on-the-go sushi, but I felt that for the quality it was overpriced. I would much rather have great than sub-par sushi.We went on a Friday night and ordered a Philly roll, the 3 Alarm roll, and a custom roll, plus a serving of edamame. For all the rolls, they use pre-shaped rice sheets that are a bit dry and chewy. This just made eating the sushi pieces more of a workout for the mouth than it probably should be.The Philly roll was alright; it was made with salmon, cream cheese, cucumber, and, surprisingly, avocado. This was actually the best tasting out of the three rolls we bought, even though there was nothing special about it. My boyfriend ate the 3 Alarm roll and said he was disappointed with lack of spice in a supposedly spicy roll.I'm not sure I would try this place again since we could easily get better quality sushi at cheaper prices during happy hour elsewhere.
3	I love the concept of this place! Another reviewer called it a Subway for sushi, and it's a good one. I think I called it Chipotle for sushi, which isn't very far off either. It's a cute little place- you go in, line up, and a row of tv screens tells you how it is their business works. The staff, too, are very nice and make sure to ask if you've been there before and understand how it works. Basically, it's a build your own sushi roll bar. You can order a premade roll, or you have a certain number of options you can choose when it comes to making your own roll. You can use seaweed or soy paper, white or brown rice, and x number of veggies and meat toppings. I wasn't keen on a roll, so I wound up getting a bowl (which is very much like chirashi! And I LOVE chirashi!) I got white rice, topped it with cucumbers, avocadoes, and cream cheese. (You get up to 3 'veggie' toppings in a certain selection.) I then had half and half spicy salmon and smoked salmon for my meat, and topped it with masago, because I love killing tiny little fish babies when I eat. I loved their selection of toppings, they had everything from kewpie mayo to creamy miso. It was really all quite good. I'd say 3.5 stars rounded down to 3. The rice was so so- I rather wish they had fresh rice out of a cooker instead of preportioned, flattened between paper rice. It still sort of held that shape when I started eating my bowl, which wasn't very convenient. I love the selection of ingredients, and I love that you could mix and do half and half for your fish. I love love that they had tamago and the types of sauces that they had. And for all that I DID get, with all the extra stuff I put on it, my bowl came up to about $10. Not bad at all. It's a neat place, go check it out and go again. Don't expect world class sushi, but it's fresh, inexpensive, and not subway. They're generous with their ingredients, the staff is nice and friendly and it's a great concept. Just note that parking also gets a bit hairy- it's a tiny lot they share with a lot of other businesses.
3	I originally considered the food here just a notch above grocery store sushi.  But this was during opening week and things have improved since then.The calamari salad is a great deal.  The rolls are nice but found that they are challenged in cooking brown rice properly.  But who isn't?  Nothing bad but nothing great.  If you are looking for a quick, decent priced sushi fix this is your place.PS: Forget about parking at lunch time.  Smallest lot in the world for 6 restaurants.
4	This is a really cool place or sushi!  I went by myself one day and ordered one roll and was so happy that I could custom make the roll anyway I wanted.  The rolls are actually really big.I like this place and will return!
3	I really like coming here - it's my go-to "let's go somewhere fun!" place. Their pricing is really fair (even if I do wish the seaweed salad were cheaper), and I really enjoy the experience. The serving staff is always friendly, and it's a really great place to go for a quick lunch that will break up the sandwich monotony of everyday life.Also, How Do You Roll? is a GoodDining participating restaurant, so there's the added bonus that when I go, a portion of my sale goes to my favorite charity! Woo!A quick note on parking: there is a private lot, but it is a tiny one shared with about 6 other restaurants. I would NOT recommend trying to hit this place up at the lunch hour as it will be a major headache.
2	I went here in October (sorry for the late review!). I can be a pain when it comes to my sushi order, because I don't like roe, or the california roll stuffing thats pretty standard for many different rolls.I ordered an avacado roll, cucumber roll, rainbow roll, and I asked if they had sweet potato or yam and they said they did (on the phone). We got this all take out, the service was friendly, but it was pretty busy, so not super fast, which is to be expected.I got the two veggie rolls, they did not have sweet potato at all, and the cost to make a rainbow roll would have been around $30 or more so I didn't get it. All of the roll fillings are a la carte, so the more you want, the more expensive it gets. Sadly, the rice was also so overdone it was more like a paste, and had way too much rice vinegar. I could barely eat two rolls before it was just too much for me to handle. The rolls were gigantic though. My eyes were bigger than my stomach, which sucks because sushi does not keep well. By the way, if you ever come across a place that serves sweet potato rolls, esp tempura ones, get them. They are absolutely amazing. I've only found them in Vancouver, BC.
3	My daughter was in the hospital and everyday all she wanted was sushi! I am not very familiar with Phoenix or good sushi restaurants so I went to my phone for help. This restaurant was on the way to the hospital so I thought I would give it a try. It wasn't quite what I expected. Kind of like a sushi "subway" restaurant.  I ordered a shrimp tempura roll and a salmon roll. I am going to have to agree with Marc that it is a step above grocery store sushi.The service was eh and the food was ok....But probably not somewhere I would go back to.
4	Stopped in on a date night a few months back, and I was pretty pleased with the options.  It was late in the evening and I was glad to see so many fresh veggies, and the staff was super friendly (I always walk away from a dining experience happier when the employees are friendly and chatty, treat me like a friend, not a paycheck).  I've never been a huge sushi fan, but occasionally I get a hankering for it, and this really hit the spot (their sauces are super yummy, too).  I definitely want to go back.  It's location right across the street from Sidebar doesn't hurt, either.
4	So, it's not high brow sushi.  So what!  As an alternative to chipotle, 5 guys, rando sandwich shop - this place is a real winner.   Sure, it's designed for the American palette but with a sharp inviting interior, free wifi, and decent beer choices this place is a decent quick service alternative.  I'll be back.
3	Super fun concept, but needs a few tiny tweaks.  The fruit option (mango) wasn't ripe and it messed with my roll.  They told me that their eel sauce is called teriyaki here... what?  Whatever, it still tasted good!  The service was friendly and helpful, especially as I toted a couple of messy kids in with me.  Looking forward to a return visit in the future.
4	This is a great concept, I enjoyed coming here and will be back.
3	It really is like the Subway of sushi here!  You go to the counter, order your wrapping (Seaweed or soy), and customize vegetables, meats, spices, and sauces before it's wrapped, and then cut in their special multi-cutting machine.  For sides, they offer selections such as miso soup or edamame, and you can make it a combo with side and drink for a little over $2.  They also offer a selection of non custom rolls for those don't feel like making their own.I got a salmon roll (They offer spicy, smoked, and regular raw versions here) with asparagus, green onion, and avocado.  It was a huge portion, and I was definitely full after just 1 roll.  I upgraded by getting a combo, and the miso soup was light, and not too salty.  The quality of the roll itself: decent.  The rice was a little mushy, but the veggies and salmon tasted OK.  My friend had the 3 alarm roll, and it looked out of this world good!  It was topped with so much sauce and spicy ingredients that she could only finish about half of it.  Parking can be very difficult if you come here around lunchtime.  I had to circle around the block twice before luck was on my side and a spot opened up.  Service was very friendly, and they were very patient as they explained the concept of the restaurant to me since I was a neophyte here.  I'd probably go here again to try out another roll, but probably at a less busy time.  It's a cool concept to create your own roll, for a pretty reasonable price.
5	Everyone on Yelp is right, this place is great. It's fast, fresh, and affordable. I created a roll filled with everything I like, and so I loved it. I got: white rice, seaweed, spicy salmon, green onion, cucumber, masago, chili oil, and sweet chili's. Since I decide what went in it, I controlled the calories. My sister got one of their bowls. We were both really happy with our orders.
5	The workers here were very helpful on explaining the concept &prices. It's good quality for the price I'm paying. A roll is equivalent to 10 pieces, which is a little bit more than what you would normally get served every where else. Definitely will be coming back!
4	You would think that the idea of "fast food" sushi would send you running for the hills, but that is certainly not the case with this concept. It is clean, simple, and the quality is consistent. The only reason for four stars is that a very large portion of going out for sushi is the experience and trying new things. How do you roll is just for getting your fix without all the fluff and stuff. If you want to try something different for lunch and you are in a hurry you can be in and out of here in 15 minutes (that is including time to nosh). Definitely out of the ordinary and definitely worth a try.
5	Super easy, fast, and healthy. I also like the general vitality of the building and neighboring restaurants. Finally, dessert at neighboring Zoyo rules.
1	Started off being a favorite, however the service has gone down hill fast!!  There are two male  workers named Daniel and Peter and are absolutely horrible. One of them was so busy cruising the female customers and staring at their bodies and the other one was incredibly rude and condescending. There are plenty of other restaurants around the area that provide much better service.
4	All I'm going to say is why didn't I think of this... is not like going to AH-SO or RAW, but for fast sushi it works.  Food was good, serving size plenty.  What I would change, is parking, and maybe having some of the people working there, working a little harder to keep the place looking clean.  Also the staff needs to act like they like working, , be more grateful they have a job. and parking, did I say that already??? OH heck, so hard to find parking, forget lunch time unless you have 2 hours to spend.
3	Get This.My boyfriend and I passed by How Do You Roll? And oooh. Shark Tank....after a massive dinner of insane Mexican Food.We were stuffed but since I'm from CA and was leaving AZ the next day...I had to. I Just Had To. It was like a Chipotle of Sushi..or a Subway of Sushi....I was excited about the concept. It was indeed one of a kind.You pick your wrap... and they slap on white or brown rice...which was already pre-made and square.... put in your fillings...pick your meat.. cooked or raw... pick a sauce..and off it goes to the sushi roll cutter...pick more sauce..and then toppings... and WHALA... your SUSHI ROLL is SERVED....I don't know...it's like settling for something and losing the authenticity and the art of making real sushi...The raw fish cuts were a bit on the smaller side.. They only have the common raw fishes.. No Uni.. no Toro...You can't have Raw rish to be topped on your maki.I dunno.. It was a good experience for me.. and that was that... nothing more.
4	My husband and I were visiting family in AZ and decided to try this place on a whim (we were headed someplace else but went here instead).  The food was quite good and tasted fresh.  I dig the concept and wish we had one in DC!  I will say that the staff was kind of odd..not bad, but maybe just slightly awkward.  But there were other staff members in the restaurant at the time who were quite friendly.  We'd definitely come here again when we're back in the area.
4	So.....my wife saw this place on "Shark Tank" and she wanted to try it.  She is a picky eater and usually will not eat sushi or anything like that (she is pretty much anti fish stuff).  She read that they will make a roll with chicken in it so we decided to come here after my burger.  I was pretty full from my burger but I asked myself, "Tim...when are you ever going to eat sushi in Phoenix again"?  I answered myself, "Probably never".  Might as well order a roll. This place is like an assembly line of sushi ordering.  You tell them what you want in it, they put it in, roll it, cut it up and serve it to you.  Very fast and efficient.   So here is what I got................I went with a seaweed wrapper with white rice.  To that I added avocado, green onion, jalapeno and shrimp.  They will usually drizzle a sauce on top but I decided to get mine on the side in a cup.  I went with the sweet chili sauce.  My wife got seaweed wrapper, white rice, cucumber, avocado and chicken.  She got hers drizzled with teriyaki sauce.  Total for 2 rolls was just over $13.00.My roll was very good!  I'm not a big sushi fan and if I eat it, I will usually puss out and get California rolls and stuff like that.  My combo of shrimp, avocado, green onion and jalapeno was a winner though.  The avocado made it creamy, the green onion made it fresh, the jalapeno made it spicy, the shrimp made it cool and the sweet chili sauce made it hot.  I don't know if I could have picked a better combo for my things.  My wife absolutely loved hers.  It was exactly what she expected and she says it was a 5 star joint in her book.Service was friendly and efficient!  I would definitely go back again if they ever made one in San Diego.
3	very interesting....Its good but not wonderful. its perfect for your in a rush sushi craving... Basically this place is subway but with sushi. You can build your own rolls or pick from one of their signature rolls. I always make my own (adds a little more fun to the experience) The fish itself is pretty fresh but not the best,  I would be curious to know where they get their fish from and if its frozen before. I do like the fact they give you a choice of brown or white rice (pre-made which kinda weirded me out) you can also pick from soy paper, seaweed (the usual) and rice paper. they have several different veggies to choose from as well as Saki (mmmmmmm my favorite) The rolls are decent in size so that was a plus, but I was taken back when I ordered edamame and it was cold. The ginger also threw me off (it looked like pink fake ginger) I loved the fact they have Ponzu and Soy sauce (low-sodium and regular) basically on tap. I'm a huge fan of sesame seed and when I asked the girl for "a ton of sesame seeds" on the inside and out she had no problem doing that and there was no extra charge.The staff here obviously gets the same questions over and over again and new people all the time because the couple times I've been in they have all been very friendly and have no problem explaining the process of things.I'll be coming back for my quick fix soon.
4	Tried How Do You Roll? Sushi a few days ago and I truly enjoyed my experience. Fresh ingredients, great spot for lunch, fair prices, and quick!  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for some good lunch time sushi.
4	This place is perfect for anyone who needs a quick sushi fix that is easy on the wallet. You can basically decide what goes inside of your sushi roll. So a little bit of creativity will be helpful here. Pick your rice, brown or white. Pick your three veggies. And pick your meat. If you are drawing blank and have no idea, don't worry. They do have a small menu with some roll ideas. We chose two rolls off of the menu and made one of our own. They all turned out pretty good. You can get sauces on the side. Wasabi and ginger are placed next to the drink fountains. One idea for improvement would be to get rid of those small packaged soy sauces and have bottled soy sauce on the tables or next to everything else. Those little soy sauce packages are annoying, make a mess, and make you feel like you just got sushi from Smiths or Walmart.
4	Ok this is NOT a dinner out for sushi (or at least that's what my date told me :)), but it is pretty awesome for getting a quick sushi fix without refinancing the house. The concept is cool, simple, and affordable. Think subway meets Ra sushi. I really like the options of brown rice and soy paper which more and more sushi restaurants are adapting to, it makes you feel like you are REALLY eating healthy....right up until you tell them to add cream cheese :). This concept is something I had always thought should exist, but had never seen before until 7th Ave and Mcdowell fast casual plaza opened up and low and behold...viola fast food sushi. They even have options for saki, edamame on the fly, and mochi ice cream. I have been here about 20 times so far and it has been consistently good each time. Check it out if you want to do quick and easy sushi or if you just want to grab something to go.
3	I've been getting into sushi a lot more lately. It's not really something I ever craved before, or considered as a food option, but that's changing. A colleague of mine had reccomended this place to me. I was in the area for lunch and decided that I would check it out. I really don't know what I was expecting, but when I walked in that was it. It reminded me of a fast-food place. No big deal. I walk up and start to order. It kind of reminds me of Subway. You know, how you can customize your own stuff? Anyway, I'm still a newbie and not as adventurous when it comes to sushi. So I ordered the Cali rolls. Very good! A lot of sushi for a reasonable price. It's no Kabuki, but it definitely scratched the itch!
4	I really liked it!And I can be a bit of a sushi snob.The rolls are BIG.  One was too much food for me.So, if you're looking for cheap, delicious, fresh sushi rolls.... give this place a try!
3	I like it!Awesome concept. It's literally the subway of sushi. A great option if you want something healthy but don't feel like a sandwich or salad.There are rolls you can choose from but you can also make your own. First timers like myself need a bit of hand holding through the first order, and I wish the people working there were more enthusiastic and willing to help. They just kind of stare at you a little annoyed that you're taking so long. Sushi was pretty good. Certainly not the best, not even close, but kind of what I was expecting for this type of establishment.Parking sucks. It just sucks. Tiny lot and always crowded.Probably wont go out of my way to come back but it's a good option if you're in the area.
5	I work right around the corner in Downtown and surprisingly there arent a lot of sushi options here. I love stopping at HDYR after a late night or for a light lunch. While the parking is a bit tough there, the service is always fast. Ive never had to wait long in line. While it is a like a subway for sushi the fish taste good, the portions are generous, and the price is right. I probably eat here every other week. I like to make a custom roll with eel, avocado, cream cheese, green onion, and jalapeno. I think its like .50 for the extra veggies. Its a good lunch or dinner for under $10. While its not comparable to your typical sushi restaurant, it is REALLY GOOD.
5	I have gone to this place several times, and every time I have ever went, it was nothing but good experiences. The ingredients are nice and fresh, and it's great for people that don't like "real" sushi with raw fish and seaweed (but don't worry sushi snobs, you can still get both of those things). The rolls are really big (and apparently they're supposed to be pretty healthy too). My personal favorite is the Beefinator, but if there's someone in your group who is particularly picky or just wants a snack, a kid's meal will do just fine (my personal favorite there is chicken and strawberries) and you get a cup of fruit or miso soup, a drink, and a toy so it's totally worth it. It's never usually crowded (however the most recent time I came was later at night because it's open until 10:00pm!) I totally recommend this place, especially people who don't like Japanese food.
3	I was told that How Do You Roll was a religious experience and I just had to try it.So, my wife and I finally made it over there to give it a try.This place is basically the Subway of sushi...which is a neat concept, but it isn't really much less than going to a regular sushi restaurant where I can be more confident that everything is fresh.I only say that, because I got sick after eating here. It did taste good though, and maybe it was something else that made me sick...but their menu offerings are very peculiar and unorthodox. And most of the rolls are covered and drenched in extra stuff that is kind of a turn off. Your mileage may vary, I suppose.
3	The concept is great, basically a design your own sushi roll. There are a lot of options, and the prices are relatively friendly. If you want to add a lot in your roll, that's when the price of the roll can get high. However, all the ingredients are extremely fresh and the size of the roll itself is suitable for a light meal!I had a brown rice seaweed roll with salmon, asparagus, mango, and cucumber. The sesame seeds on top added the crunch that I like, and the fresh ingredients made for a delicious combination. It's definitely not authentic or extremely high quality, but it's satisfactory and balanced. After sampling my familys' rolls, I found that the tuna is also very fresh. They also have a large variety of sauces and toppings so you can really customize the flavor and texture of the roll that you want!
3	We eat here occasionally and the experience is consistent and mediocre. More Arby's than Subway, because the ingredients are uninspiring. Nor is it a great value in that it is only slightly less expensive than real sushi. All that said, it is convenient fast and strangely satisfying
5	this place is amazing, its like chipotle but sushi instead of burritos. you go down the line adding whatever you want to your roll, and its all incredibly reasonably priced and super fast. i can't believe i haven't eaten at this place sooner. i'll be coming back as often as possible.
5	Don't go there for the ambiance or for a luxurious experience (because it has neither), but go there for the cheap sushi, fully customizable menu, and decent presentation. The concept itself is cool and it's well-executed. Not exactly a place I'd take my date to, but if you want a quick fix, this would be the place to go to.
5	Can't rave enough about this place! I was so excited when a friend found this restaurant, as we had been looking for a great casual sushi place. Every roll is always fresh, large, and delicious. They offer meats such as chicken, for guests who don't like fish in their rolls. They also offer a frequent buyer program where you get free sushi after 10 purchases! I love HDYR, and come here as often as possible!
3	Cheap quick sushi. Simple. Not great. But hits the spot, albeit a bit messily. It's not unfresh, it's just a LOT which can be good but this makes twice that I've consumed just too much. Not really their problem.
2	I mean, I knew what I was getting in to... and I had even heard from others to pass on this place. But I decided to give it a try anyway. Now, I'm hardly a sushi snob, but honestly this is pretty easily the worst sushi I've ever had. Nothing about this place is quality. The rice was super dry, along with the chicken that I tried. I even got spicy mayo and chili sauce all over my sushi and it was still almost flavorless. The chop sticks here, oh my... I literally don't think you could buy cheaper chop sticks. Almost paper thin, I could snap them in half so easily. Plus, they were not smooth at all. Splinters ALL over them. The cups, the lids, everything just screams "cheapest product we could buy" here. All in all, I actually did want to like this place. But I definitely won't be back.
4	Like most people are saying on here it is a really unique concept when it comes to sushi. For what it is, the sushi rolls tasted pretty good, people behind the counter were friendly. The cost is comparable to grocery store sushi but you get to be the dictator. Be prepared though, if you come during busy hours the parking situation is chaotic.
5	What a cool concept. My friend had a Groupon so we decided to give it a try...figured it wouldn't hurt. Upon first impression it was super clean. It's in a building with a couple other establishments and parking was easy.We decided to share three rolls and the seaweed salad. We ordered the spicy tuna, five alarm, and philly roll. It's like a Subway for sushi...the seaweed or soy wrap is made ahead of time with whatever rice you choose (white or brown). It doesn't take long for the "sushi artists" to put the rolls together. Then they put it in a sushi cutter type contraption and you get 10 equal sized pieces. When we were about to ring up we decided to all the grilled chicken roll to our order (don't remember the exact name). We each got a beer and the total came to just over $20 but remember, we had a Groupon. The full prices for each of the rolls was about $8-$9 and the beer was $4. You can also make your own roll...seaweed is $4 and soy wrap is $5 and you get a choice of 3 fruits or veggies, protein extra.All of the rolls were really good...I think the chicken was my favorite. My friend thought that the spicy tuna tasted like lipstick but I couldn't really tell. Everything was fresh. We ate everything but were stuffed...we didn't really need that fourth roll but were happy we got it.I would recommend this place to anyone looking for something casual, inexpensive, and good.
3	I've been anxious to try this place out and Groupon just so happen to have a deal that I purchased - PERFECT. My friend and I tried this place for lunch today and while I like the idea of customized sushi rolls, there are some things that they can work on. I didn't like the fact that they compare their establishment to Subway. Why? I understand the concept is similar to Subway, but ugh Subway is gross. Maybe Chipotle but not Subway. Anway, I tried the Spicy tuna roll and it was okay but not great. The Miso soup was good as well as the Edamame. The trays that they place the food on was very sticky and not so clean. Parking is HORRIBLE, which I was well aware of since I frequent the Chipotle next door. So, beware of not being able to find a parking space if you're in a rush for lunch.Prices are very reasonable, so that is a huge plus. So, you're definitely getting your money worth because the sushi rolls are huge. Overall, it's a nice concept but it needs a little bit of work.
2	The concept of this place really appealed to me.  A sushi place where you can custom make your own rolls to exactly how you want it...what?!?!?  Thinking that my dreams of sushi creativity have come true I was very underwhelmed by my experience a couple of months ago.  Walking into the establishment, it was okay.  There were quite a few tables that needed to be bused and the smell of the restaurant reminded me of like a hole in the wall Asian food market.  Not typically the best smell to entice an appetite but I kept an open mind.  The menu seemed clean and precise, just exactly what you would expect a restaurant where you can make custom sushi would be..here are the ingredients, mix and please as you wish.  So I did...They pulled the rice out of the container.  It had already been placed with the nori and I was instantly hesitant on my order.  Just looking at the rice from behind the sneeze guard, the grains of rice looked like one cohesive blob of rice.  That's one thing I hate in supposedly "fresh" sushi places is mushy rice!  I continued my order...got the salmon with green onion, avocado and cucumber.  Those ingredients looked fresh so that was a plus.  The fish was decently fresh but not anything to rave about.Here is the part that got me thinking a little more skeptically about this place.  My boyfriend ordered a chicken roll and ordered ahead of me.  Upon time to actually roll the sushi, she added the "raw" salmon to my roll and then with the same gloves added the cooked chicken to his roll before having the roll's rolled.  Maybe I am one of "those" people, but I would prefer not to have raw fish on my cooked chicken roll especially if they are two separate rolls.  Just imagine that the person wasn't my boyfriend who order in front of me or if that same person was allergic to fish...The staff seemed okay...somewhat helpful but the lady who served us almost seemed annoyed that it was our first time.  I also didn't care for the chopsticks.  Splintered wood is not good for any dinning experience, but I did like that you can get your own soy sauce and amount of wasabi.  All in all, my food was kinda bland, even with the extra flavoring sauces and the rice was, as I mentioned above, mushy and chewy.  Not a great experience and probably won't be going back or recommending this place either.  If I want sushi like this again, I'll just go to my local grocery store and pick up the pre-made sushi that basically has the same consistency, and taste.
4	I've been wanting to try How do you Roll? since I first saw it last year! I was very happy with my experience! I like the concept- custom rolls or a few choices of their creations. It's a great sushi place to take kids to introduce them to new foods. There's a choice of meats that are cooked including beef and chicken in addition to shrimp, crab etc. as well as the traditional fresh salmon, tuna etc.I made my own roll like a Philly- white rice, cucumber, avocado, sprouts, salmon and cream cheese. I order rolls like this elsewhere and it was very comparable in quality to my favorite spots.I got rice bowls with krab and cucumber for my boys and they liked the teriyaki sauce on the side. There are 2 different kinds of lemonade in the fountain and herbal iced tea which was delicious (hibiscus raspberry frenzy) and black passion fruit tea also.They hAve 5 flavors of mochi- we tried strawberry, vanilla, mango, and green tea- the 3 of us each chose a different favorite but agreed they all hit the spot! We did not try the coffee flavor.Very casual inside with a front door facing 7th ave and a back door with patio. Laid back vibe.Parking can be tricky, but I lucked out today. Customer service was awesome. Very nice staff. I look forward to returning for happy hour with friends as well as with my nanny kids for lunch.
4	Not made authentically but very delicious :)
1	Poor food and the service is equivalent. The rolls fall apart before you can eat them.
5	I USED TO miss the convenience of living by the ocean and getting a fresh, made-to-order sushi roll at lunch-time prices.  When I wanted a relatively healthy and low-calorie macrobiotic lunch I would often have to settle for the pre-made days-old sushi rolls at Fresh & Easy @ Indian School & 7th Ave.Now I don't have to regret moving to landlocked Arizona!When How Do You Roll opened we were some of the first regulars - a simple, fresh tuna roll with brown rice, avocado and cucumber is my "standard".  Add a side of seaweed salad and ponzu sauce I get to enjoy a very fulfilling lunch for about $8.00 and 450 calories!  We ate 2-3 times a week there for lunch and my co-workers always want to place orders for pick-up when they know I am getting sushi for lunch.I've eaten at this place at least 40 times over the past year and never gotten sick , so the reviews that are adamant they won't ever go back are unfortunate - I get sick more often when I eat at my hospital's cafeteria and I still go back to the cafeteria~! As for the sauces that are "thrown" on - you have to ask for them on the made-to-order custom rolls.  I usually go for the plain and simple, and I haven't tried any of the "house rolls" with sauces, but since you are standing in front of them while you order, it seems like you might want to ask them to go "light" on the sauce.While the concept may be like "Subway" the execution is much more elegant.  I guess my expectations of a fast food sushi restaurant are less demanding than others - I expect "cheap chopsticks" at a fast-food concept restaurant - I don't go there for the chopsticks - I go there for the quality sushi roll that is made my way and doesn't taste like the mushy paste with salmon that I often had to settle for from the local grocery store.
1	I went yesterday. Have to say this place has the worst food ever!! When asked about a refund they stated they do lot do refunds. The roll was a typical Philly, not sure how hard that is. They have us credit however there is nothing at this place I would eat. I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!
1	Not good. Frozen sushi is not real sushi. The portion is fine for a sushi place but if someone makes ur sushi in less than 10 seconds something is wrong. The rice is already attached to the roller by the time the girl take it off the cooker. The ingredients looks and taste really frozen. I dont like bashing new upcoming business but this is basically the Mcdonalds of sushi, fast, frozen, bland sushi. If your looking sushi drive 5-10 more miles for other places such as ibachi, teharu, lis bowl, and others around that has real sushi experience. Pls stay away, but if u love mcdonalds or something like that pls feel free to try them, oh just a reminder i ordered 2 sushi and paid alslmost 20 bucks, 20 dollars in teharu can give u sooo much.
4	Please keep this place alive. Quick, easy, delicious - it's the American way.
4	One of the few spots I can take my hubby (who hates Sushi restaurants) and we can both enjoy a meal. He can get his made exactly how he wants it and I can do the same. I don't think I've built the same roll twice in the times I've gone there. The veggies are fresh and the seafood is pretty good too, especially for being in the middle of the desert. They've got both seaweed and soy wraps, which is great. They also make the rolls wrap side out, instead of the traditional rice out way of sushi.The parking situation is awful. There is never enough spaces and I've circled the lot for up to ten minutes waiting for a spot. Great news is that they deliver now so you can avoid to horrific parking. I also love ordering ahead of time online so I can skip the line and enjoy my meal.
3	I will agree that this is a great alternative to other types of fast food eating out places but it is a little pricy.  If you ask for soy paper, its $1.00 extra, ask for an additional piece of fish in your roll, $2.50 - $4.00 additional (on top of the menu price).  Went there today and spent $24.00 on two rolls with no drink just a cup for water.  If your going to spend this much, might as well do something with a dine in enviroment like Fez or Bliss Rebar!
5	This place is great. Clean, friendly, food is great (slamin salmon always had a lot of roe) and great value (go during happy hour). A great place to eat in phoenix.
4	So good! Been wanting to check this place out since they opened! Why'd it take me so long?! I need to go way more often! :-)
5	My first time and the sushi is actually pretty good!  I will be back!  I wish there was one of these here in Mesa
4	Instead of seasoned sushi chefs I have been accustomed to, I just got my sushi rolled by a college student. And I liked it.We had a Groupon for How Do You Roll so we decided to check it out.The atmosphere is very much a fast food environment, but it's clean and bright. The staff is perky and helpful.You can create your own rolls, which can be overwhelming or you can choose from some of their specialty rolls. I chose the 2 specialty rolls, one vegan and one vegetarian. Even if you pick a specialty roll they are still customizable and you can substitute, eliminate, or add an ingredient. (One of my rolls came with soy paper instead of seaweed- who would want to lose that salty seaweed wrapper? I asked for seaweed instead.) For drinks, I chose a beer that I picked purely for novelty. The bottle was shaped like a Buddha! I nearly died. We also ordered some miso soup. (I was informed that the soup wasn't vegetarian- it had a seafood broth. I appreciated the heads up but I didn't mind the broth.) My husband had a custom roll with tempura shrimp. We both substituted brown rice for white rice in our rolls.The servings of the sushi were huge! And the sushi itself was tasty. Not gourmet by any means but decent. I also love how you can stay on track with your diet. Substituting brown rice and customizing your rolls with healthy fillings keep your rolls under 300 cals. Add some miso soup (only $1) or a side salad and you have a guilt free meal.How Do You Roll is a very cute concept. I recommend it for a lunch break or a very casual date.
5	IT'S LIKE SUBWAY FOR SUSHI!!!!!! I loved this place. I took my dad here since I had a $20 groupon. He made his own Tuna Roll and I got the " Re-EEL-Y Good" Roll. It tasted great and also they have edamame and miso soup for $1 each. I like that you can customize a sushi roll and it's a whole new concept for sushi! I plan on going back whenever I am downtown!
1	I passed this place so many times that I finally decided to stop by with some co-workers. I can believe how overprized this place is...a co-worker ordered a 10 piece roll and a drink and was charged $17!! I paid $19 dollars!! WTF!! I didnt even get a drink and she did!!! Fuck this place first and last time!! The roll fell apart before I even picked it up..NEVER AGAIN!!
5	Let's start with the basics...  clean establishment- check,  friendly staff- check, interesting concept-check,  my favorite sushi elements- definitely check!The girl behind the counter broke down the concept for me and encouraged.  I wrapped my delicious runs roll in soy paper.  For my second, I turned my eel roll into a bowl.   A bowl of sushi heaven.  I. Will.  Be.  Back.
5	It is as addicting and tasty as Chipotle - prolly way healthier too ??? I eat here 3 to 4 times a week cause I am addicted.  The Slammin' Salmon is the best!  They have quick service and the employees are all very welcoming and friendly.
4	This is one of my favourite spots for rolls because I enjoy building my own custom creations. I'm not eating meat these days and they have a good selection of veggies and a few fruits to choose from. My favourite roll is this: Soy wrap White riceCucumberAvocadoMangoCream cheeseSproutsSpicy mayoSrirachaI usually eat out in their patio or on the larger tables in that courtyard area. Everyone who works here is friendly and they make your rolls pretty fast. If a line forms, I notice they are very good about getting help other people on shift.Totally recommend everyone who decides to eat here regularly ask to sign up for their loyalty prgram. I've earned many free rolls and am happily eating my way up to Rockin' Roller status!My only complaint about HDYR is that at this location the tables are sometimes sticky if you chose to dine inside.
4	The kids wanted Five Guys but my husband and I wanted sushi... A bunch of restaurants are all clustered here at the corner of 7th & McDowell so we got to do both!Sushi wasn't bad.Staff was very friendly and helpful, even suggesting alternatives with our choices. The Slammin' Salmon was deelish with cucumber and strawberry. The Spicy Tuna was great with asparagus.Love the concept. Not sure how quick the line moves when the place is busy but I'd definitely go back.
3	The concept is interesting, its like subway but with Sushi. I think I will go back again. You can call your order in also which is great when your on your lunch break
4	Wasn't expecting anything spectacular here, but I was pleasantly surprised. It's a build your own roll place with pretty good quality. With the selections you can only produce the rolls you may find in a grocery store, but at a better price. Definitely a great quick meal place.
5	A fantastic idea!! I'd describe How Do You Roll? as the Subway of Sushi - but good! You are able to select each and every attribute of your sushi roll and they make it right in front of you as you like. Yesterday I created my own version of a traditional Spicy Tuna roll and it was phenomenal! I had a Seaweed Salad on the side and was stuffed on just these two. Since this was my first time I was impressed that the staff was so patient with me, especially with the epic line forming behind me. This is definitely a lunch hotspot! If you're a sushi fan, I'd say this place is DEFINITELY worth a try!
5	My large family LOVES this place. The workers are really friendly, the food is fabulous. No, this isn't the place to get top-of-the-line sushi. In fact, the description: Subway of Sushi pretty much sums it up. However, this is a great place to get something healthy that nourishes your body and fills you without feeling heavy. And, if you are counting calories, their website has a great online tool for figuring out the exact calorie composition of your order.Make sure you sign up for their rewards program. You get a free roll if you order a certain number. Because our family is so big (we get about 11 rolls at a time) we get a free roll each time we order. Sweet deal.BTW, if you are unsure of something, ask the workers for a sample, they are very happy to provide little tastes of new flavors. I like that. Also, get the sauce on the side. It is really fun to dip the rolls into the sauce using chopsticks. Makes me feel all authentic. LOL.
4	Cheap, delicious sushi that is made quickly, in front of me, and the way I want it? YES.  That is all that needs to be said.  There are definitely people who turn their noses up to this place because they believe in the integrity of the sushi-making process, but I do not believe that this restaurant is belittling that process at all.  If you want a piece of artwork by a renowned sushi chef, go to a high-end sushi restaurant.  If you just need your quick sushi fix and only have an hour for lunch on a work day, How Do You Roll? is the place.
4	My internship isn't far from here, and when I want something that's not quite fast food without having to deal with the trouble of ordering at a real restaurant during the 5:00 o'clock rush and feeling absolutely antisocial. I can order and take the food to go or sit at a booth. It's not the greatest sushi, in fact most of the fish is more like "fish-paste," than prime, fresh cutlets. But when you go to How Do you Roll, you aren't looking for premiere sushi, you want the fast-food equivalent that let's you make your own monstrous sushi-abomination usually for less than $10. I highly recommend the squid salad and seaweed salad; these are much higher quality and cheaper than everything else on the menu.
4	The parking for this business is atrocious, but I wouldn't expect anything different because of the location.  The dining area is large and was clean.  There was kind of a weird smell, but I wasn't entirely sure it wasn't me!They have a menu of rolls they have devised that you can choose, or if you aren't overwhelmed by all the choices like I was, you can have them assemble a roll from your very own imagination.I would recommend paper menus at the door so you have a little better idea what to expect when you get to the prep line, as people making decisions & asking questions slows down the entire process.  Very delicious!  I can't wait to go again!!
1	Came here for lunch with the fam. I was excited to try this place since the concept intrigued me. Since the guys working seemed slow for assembly, my husband and I both opted to order from their signature rolls thinking that it would be faster (it wasn't). My husband loved his roll which surprised me since he came in with low expectations.  I, on the other hand, was very disappointed.  I chalked it up to maybe chicken shouldn't be in a sushi roll.  But the next day... I learned another reason why I won't be coming back here.  I got food poisoning.  I had been unimpressed with the way some of the food was being stored and also had a little issue with the way that they cut their rolls- with a machine.  Every roll goes thru the same machine.  What if you had food allergies?  And how often is that thing cleaned?  In my opinion you should be cleaning it after every roll that is cut.  I should have gone with my gut when I saw the presentation of the food... instead my gut told me later why I should have listened to it in the first place.  Both my husband and I got food poisoning which lasted two days.  Avoid.  Avoid.  Avoid.
5	Best sushi I have eaten in Phoenix!!! And its cheap!!! Just wish it was closer to my house!!!!
4	For what it is, I think this place is yummy. Its like a subway but for sushi. pretty cool. the fish was fresh when i had it. and the toppings are what makes it. the only thing that wasnt good was the edame. it was old. but the sushi was good.
3	This is a "subway style" sushi restaurant which is actually a really cool concept.  Really casual.  Caters to people who marginally like sushi as most of the rolls on the menu have cream cheese but you can easily build your own roll which was the best option here.  All pretty affordable.  They did have a few bottled beers to choose from.  I would recommend it for a quick and healthy lunch.
5	The place is da bomb.com/wickedawesome . I know the parking lot is annoying but you can get in from the other side, by give guys or park by pei way and walk over. They have a few rolls on special for happy hour which I love- slammin salmon is the best or the three alarm if you like spicy. Everything is fresh and tasty and you can make your own rolls like you would at a chipotle or subway. That's great but if your not so creative like me they do have a traditional menu. It's a convenient spot near downtown and is very casual. I'd feel comfortable here on a date or just on my own.
1	By far the worst sushi I have ever had. The wasabi was way hotter than any wasabi I have had before. The soy sauce was extremely salty, almost like someone added salt to the container. I ordered the spicy tuna and miso soup. The miso soup was every bit as salty as the soy sauce. I couldn't finish it. The spicy tuna was utterly tasteless and the rice was slightly crunchy and tasted like it was under cooked. To top it off, now I'm feeling sick, hopefully it isn't the food. My wife made her own roll with a mix of tuna and salmon, both of which were completely mushy and tasteless. She couldn't even finish half of her order. The employees called How Do You Roll like the subway of sushi. However if you want to pay restaurant prices and eat nasty sushi then this is the place. I recommend you don't eat here though, I think you would thank me for steering you away from this place. You can much better, fresher sushi for the same price at an actual sushi restaurant rather than frozen fast food sushi here. And we were OVERCHARGED $2.50. If you look at the online menu the create your own roll for $6 includes one protein however when I pointed this out to the girl she said "that's not how we do it." Um, ok, but legally you must give the price listed. We went ahead and paid the extra thinking it would be worth it, it wasn't and since their roll cutting machine is, and I quote the guy working there "on it's last leg because it's not cleaned enough" we were handed balls of mushed up sushi, not nicely cut rolls. We will never go back.Also, asked if they had WiFi and the response was yes but no one can get it to work. So really you mean no we do not have WiFi and we are too lazy too call our service provider to figure out the problem. Gotcha.
5	This is where you're own creativity. Pays off. Have it anyway you like it. Really injoyed it.
2	So after coming here for a couple years now, I have to say in disappointed in them. First off, the area where they put the ginger, wasabi, etcetera is disgusting. Never been cleaned type of disgusting. It was 1130am, they open at 11, so you know it was from not being cleaned at all. This wasn't one occasion either. I had to visit my Uncle at the VA everyday and this was my lunch spot. It never looked clean. Secondly, their kids meals are disgusting. My son loves sushi, not so much the kids meal. The rice is stale and absolutely different and gross tasting. He likes salmon on his roll, when I asked the charge they told me 0.75 extra, but they charged me for a full add (2.50). Since they only gave me half of the normal serving (since the roll is half the size), but charged me full, I asked for them to add the other piece to the side, which they refused! They made such a huge condition about it that it was embarrassing. Thirdly, their employees that have been there are fantastic. The new ones are pretty horrible. All my bad experiences are with the new group. Every single time I've been in has had some bad customer service related experience. If they cleaned it back up, made fresh kids sushi, and replaced those newbies, I'd love to continue to go.
5	I loved this place! I wasn't sure how our visit would turn out bc several reviews said that they didn't have anything that they liked. Very strange bc you build your own roll. They do not offer tempura rolls which is my favorite but we found lots of good combinations that we all ended up loving and wishing that there was a place like this where we lived. The miso soup was great too. No complaints here.
1	Been there twice, won't try again. Sub-par ingredients. Cucumber salad was bland,  but the seaweed salad was tasty (normal). Rolls were loose, rice was chewy. I picked a piece of salmon out of a roll and ate it by itself, and realized why the roll did nothing for me - the salmon was bland. This place isn't cheap enough for how cheap the food tastes, so I'll pay slightly more for better sushi elsewhere.
1	Walmart of sushi! I found a hair in my rolls. If you don't know me, I'm bald. It wasn't mine!  They offered to remake my rolls. What? So I can have another serving of hair?! No thanks. Then when I asked for a refund they said they could give me a credit. What?! So I can return for a second helping of hair! No thanks! This place sucks! They call themselves the Subway of sushi. Does Subway know they're calling themselves that? The safest thing I would order from this place is a bottle of beer and I would make sure you open it yourself.
3	So 3 stars about sums it up. The service was good, food was pretty good, and options were plentiful. However, everything does have a 'pre-packaged' feel to it. Now that isn't totally bad, it worked in a pinch. I got the sushi I was looking for but I just don't have an urge to go back. If you're in the area and want some OK sushi, I would say try it. Just keep in mind this wasn't even as good as the sushi booth in my local grocery store.
4	Always look forward to this place when I travel to Phoenix.  Custom sushi. Good service. Love it! Wish we had one in Cali
3	It was about time I rolled into this place!  We had passed it so many times and I kept wondering if was worth a shot.  Finally...my hubby and I stopped in last week to try it at the end of our date day.  He is allergic to shell fish, so I was happy he would be able to try sushi since they have meat as well.This is all based on the idea of customized sushi, just like they make customized sandwiches at Subway.  In fact, the people behind the counter say the same thing.   But they also have set menu sushi combos as well in case you don't want to try to make your own combo.  I tried their Five Alarm, since so many here said how good it was.  Then, I attempted to put my own combination together with tempura shrimp, crab, cucumber, green onion, soy paper, white rice, sesame seeds, and spicy mayo.  I looooooved being able to get soy paper because I like it way more than seaweed!  Sadly, it wasn't flavorful enough because of my choices I put together.  But the Five Alarm was pretty tasty and perfectly spicy without being over the top...if you are used to spiciness that is.  My hubby decided to go with their combos and ordered the Beefinator and Funky Fresh Chicken.  I had mentioned to the gal behind the counter that it was his first time having sushi since he is allergic and I'm glad I did because she was on top of it enough to use a clean knife to cut his rolls instead of putting in their automated cutter.  Thank you!!  He said he wasn't a huge fan of his rolls, but he also said that he thinks sushi are appetizers.  Ha!  What does he know?!  :-)We took ours outside and enjoyed it out on their patio since it was later in the day.The concept is pretty cool and I kind of want to take some of the roll recipes at my favorite sushi joint that I never get because it has salmon (not a fan) or eel on it...and instead use some spicy tuna or crab possibly at HDYR.  I'm definitely going to give it another shot and see.  Their ingredients aren't as fresh as the sushi restaurants I frequent, but they are still pretty good.  If you try it, I highly recommend getting one of their set rolls off the menu and maybe making another of your own.
5	Really like this place, wish I had one near me in LA!Like others have said  it's like a Subway/Chipotle for sushi. Is this the place to go if you are looking for a sexy sushi date or to have some crazy, culinary experience? Probably not. If you are looking for tasty, fresh, fast and reasonably priced sushi this is a great place to come.Love that they offer brown rice for no additional charge. Also love that they don't charge extra for avocado. I was just wanting a simple spicy tuna roll, got it with brown rice, avocado, cucumber and those little green plants. Took the employee's suggestion to drizzles a little of the spicy sauce on top. (Don't remember what it's called, it's that chipotle mayonnaise stuff, I think.)Loved that I could help myself to ponzu and ginger.The roll was really big, I think it was like 8 or 10 pieces. I got that with some edamame and I was good to go.Will definitely come back when I am in the area!
3	While the service was nice and prompt, I was not impressed by the quality of the California sushi roll that I had at this restaurant. It tasted lukewarm and was not up to standards especially for the price they are selling them at. I could not even finish my roll and had to throw it away. I am an avid eater of sushi, so I know how it should taste. I think this is a very neat idea and I liked the feel of the restaurant, but I think I will stick with regular sushi bars.I will give it three stars for good service.
1	Horrible service!!! I didn't even get to eat. Lady acted like she was in drugs. She saw me taking my time and she totally walked away saying this isn't worth my time. Idk id she had a bad day or something but I walked right out and don't really care for it that much. There's plenty of sushi places out there
1	If you have any appreciation for good sushi then stay far away from here. If McDonald's decided to make sushi this is what you would get.
3	In terms of my sushi fix in AZ it has come to this. While I'm a sushi fanatic (particularly sashimi) it's an inexpensive way to get a bit of that satisfaction in the desert. I typically go for the bowls (more bang for your buck). My favorite by far has been the 3 alarm roll with spicy salmon. They also have great seaweed and cucumber salads to compliment your roll. Overall the quality is "meh" but what do you expect for inexpensive sushi? It does the job!
3	Neat little shop thats the "Subway" of sushi. Rolls were good and I like that you can customize them as you go. Its worth a shop and a convenient location.
3	I have to admit I was first skeptical but I really enjoyed this place. You stand behind a glass counter and make your own sushi. They have many items to choose from. Such as shrimp, tempura, spicy tuna, chicken beef. They also have vegitarian and vegan options.  The atmosphere is very low key and the establishment is very clean. I can't wait to go back again.
3	Good rolls & selection for the price! Not "top notch" sushi but if you are looking for that don't expect to pay $5 per roll!! Our best combo: 1)Wrap: soy paper2)rice: brown3)Protein: salmon4)Veggies/fruits (3): sprouts, tofu skin, STRAWBERRIES(!) 5)Sauce: sweet chile Pleasantly surprised by all our random combos but this was our fave.
4	This is one of my regular spots - good, everyday sushi at a decent price. Go during happy hour, 2 to 5 for their best deal. I go at least once a week to get my sushi fix. I like making my own roll selections though I have tried the menu items. It's very nice that they don't charge extra for brown rice. It's not gourmet sushi but it is good and if you want sushi as often as I do, this is a great place to get it.
5	Got 2 rolls - one the steak choices the other was create your own - was able to get half roll one protein and the other half a different type of protein for $15
3	Decent sushi, they are open until ten so thats a plus for me.  They have many different options for you to try, or you can simply just make your own.  Miso is also not too bad.
5	It was my first time in this place. When I entered the door, I was exited. The concept is great, I can choose the filling of my sushi. I can choose whether I want in bowl or in rolls. I can choose the sauce, topping, and others. The price is average. I would like to go back and recommended this place for everybody to try and eat in here.
3	This is fast food sushi, so my expectations were dropped, it's great for a fast custom roll, but lacked the flavor, quality and care that exists in a traditional sushi bar.  If you are looking for fast and custom (and custom is pretty awesome here), this is a place for you.  I have my doubts about them knowing the tradition of sushi making and didn't see any "running water".
