4	I'm not a big steak person, but this is one of the best places to come if you are.
2	Do you valet more often than not? Do people ever call you "narcissistic" or "pretentious"? Do you go at lengths to be sure people know that you are the wealthier than they are? If you answered yes to any of those questions, Capital Grill is where you should eat lunch tomorrow. The wait staff is friendly and they all have exotic accents, but you can tell their jobs aren't easy. "I said pink in the middle! Not charred, not red. Pink, you imbecile! I knew we should've brunched at the country club, dear." Food is good for those who can flip the bill but not nearly good enough to charge what they do.
5	It's not normally like me to eat at a steak house, or a chain at that, and it's certainly not like me to give a chain steakhouse a 5 star rating.  But I definitely tip my cap to Cap Grille.  It's obvious why Consumer Reports rated it the #1 chain in the country.  Sure it's expensive, but the quality of the service and food is superb.  I had met someone there for a "business" lunch so we were both wearing black slacks - immediately after being seated the host handed us black napkins so that we wouldn't get any white fuzz on our slacks. (Brilliant!) The waiter was very friendly and described all of the options for us in great detail.  We started with the calamari which was outstanding - it blew me away that seafood could be so good in the desert (it had probably come in on the same flight I did from Boston)!  We both had 10oz sirloin steaks encrusted in ground decaf Kona coffee with a butter sauce.  Exquisite.  The waiter and bus boys were very attentive the whole meal.  I didn't find cap grille to be pretentious at all.  I mean, all of the patrons wearing suits and it cost us $60pp incl tax and tip for an app, an entree, and a drink.  So if that is pretentious (and people seem to think that is what makes a place pretentious) then fine.  But I didn't find anyone to be super snotty or rude - the service was impeccable. I would definitely go back here or to any other location, but only for an extra special occasion or if I can claim it as a business expense and get reimbursed!
5	Grab your rich boyfriend and make him take you to Capital Grille.  The food is FANTASTIC...I had filet mignon and believe it or not the mac and cheese side is to DIE for.  The wine selection is incredibly extensive but our waiter knew exactly what would go well with our dinners.  Dessert was a must too here, we had creme brulee and some raspberry thing that almost sent me into extacsy.  As other reviews have stated, CP is pricey, but hey, you get what you pay for.  Parking is easy, located at the Biltmore they have valet but its not usually entirely necessary.  Service was prompt and polite and everyone is extremely buttoned-up.  A great place for celebrating a special occasion or just feeling fancy.
5	One of the best lunches I've ever had was eaten at The Capital Grill. Sure, it might have been because it was free and I was able to order anything I wanted. Plus, we got complimentary apps and the dessert of our choice, but even then, the food was excellent. Trust me, "excellent" is not a word I throw around very often. It was a business lunch, but I couldn't help but admire the wine list and imagine coming back here for dinner sometime. It would make a really great date place, especially if you splurged on the valet out front. After all, it is the Biltmore. And, let's face it, even I like getting dolled up every once in a while. Back to lunch. I sampled the jumbo shrimp in the shrimp sauce, along with some really perfectly breaded calamari, which was the best calamari my lips have ever come across. I ordered the crab/lobster burger, which was presented as a seafood mix between a whole grain bun. Every bite was better than the last. I delightfully ate the entire thing. Then, it was time for dessert. I chose the flour-less espresso cake. Unbelievable. It was so thick and rich, though, that I left half behind. Then again, who really needs to eat the entire piece? Granted, it was packed with so much sugar, I immediately began to droop into a mid-afternoon coma. But, I didn't care. I just had one of the best lunches of my entire life. Sometimes I remember that lunch and I shake my head. Never mind it was for business. Never mind I didn't have any wine. Never mind I had to go back to work after wards. I still rate that lunch and this restaurant at 5 stars. Imagine how wonderful this could be if you order a glass of wine and go for a special occasion with a special someone. Wow. Talk about needing more stars for that!
3	Huh.  Dang.  Darn it.  Shoot.  I was really looking forward to lunch here.  Parking at this location is beyond ridiculous, no, I didn't valet cause I wanted to shop after wards.  But who cares?  I was here for a great meal!  Things started off well, great folks at the hostess desk.  Attractive interior, beautiful dark rich woods, attractive lighting, dark plantation blinds, very nice table.  My server Paula was extremely nice and had the cutest accent.  I liked a lot of the choices on the menu, but on an impulse, decided on the salad with filet medallions and onions straws.  The first bite of steak was extraordinary, perfectly cooked, wonderful seasonings and flavor.  Fresh pieces of asparagus in the salad was a nice surprise.  Then the shocker.  The next medallion was under cooked, the next was over cooked and the rest were grisley.  Needless to say, I could not eat it.  My server was very apologetic.  And then the manager immediately appeared as if he had been shot out of a canon.  He apologized profusely.  I was very understanding, I mean everyone has a bad day, right?   And of course he offered another dish, but I declined.  I mean, the mood was gone.  But then again, this is why I don't eat at home. The salad was taken off my check, as should be expected.  I did have dessert, hell yes, I was still hungry!  I got the hazelnut chocolate cake, which was totally awesome and even pretty to look at.  It was big enough to feed an army, don't know if it was a regular slice or if they were trying to make up for the salad.  So, a really mixed review.  I will try Capital Grill, again.  And I hope to have much better results.
4	This is a rather fancy joint that has mistakenly let a poor, grungy, unrefined artsy type (me) in as a customer... twice. And they weren't even snooty towards me, but it may have been because of the massive quantities of wine my relatives were consuming. Both times I had the coffee-rubbed steak. it was excellent....great unique (at least, to me!) combination of flavors. My parents threw my graduation party here, and we were seated in a private room closed off from the rest of the restaurant. It was really nice, quiet, and the wait staff was perfectly attentive... not too intrusive, but lurking politely nearby to refill drinks.That's about all i can say for the place, really.
4	Hubby and I decided to have a celebratory (new job) dinner, and were tempted by all the recent Yelp steak house debates to try Mastro's. But while going through a pile of mail I had set aside as junk, I found a $50 off postcard from AM-EX to Capital Grille. We decided to give it a try and save Mastro's for another time.The service was fantastic. Our waiter, Reuben, was just the right amount of attentive (I hate being asked after practically every bite if everything is ok), and the other staff was also excellent.We got a basket of bread to start, which also held some matzo-like crackers. Don't pass by the dark bread- I thought it was regular pumpernickel at first, but it had a wonderful crust with a soft and slightly fruity center- totally unexpected and delicious. We also received an amuse- a great little bruchetta topped with micro greens.I ordered the caprese salad which was good, especially the yellow tomato slice, but I have had better mozzarella at Cibo. Hubby had the French Onion soup which came with a ridiculous amount of torch-melted cheese on top. The soup itself had great flavor (one of the best I've had), but could have been a little hotter for my taste. Hubby liked it the way it was.For our entrees, Hubby got the Kona crusted sirloin (which was rubbed with a blend of decaf coffee powder, cocoa, and cinnamon) with shallot butter. He really enjoyed the flavor, although about half of his steak was really much more medium than medium rare. To me, the flavor was unexpected- I thought I would taste any one of the rub flavors before I tasted the steak, as they are all strong flavors. That was not the case, however- it was a subtle yet complex addition to the beef. I had the classic Delmonico rib-eye. Mine was perfectly done and quite tasty, although I must say that I have enjoyed my rib-eye at Bobby Q's every bit as much. The sides were fine- we tried the mushroom mix and the lobster mac n' cheese. We have been spoiled by our CraftSteak hen-of-the-woods mushroom ecstasy experience, so all else pales in comparison. I expected more from the mac- it was sort of mild and bland. I'm not sure what it needed- something that wouldn't overwhelm the lobster, but something nonetheless. Because we wanted to try a dessert, we took home plenty of food (the sides are large, and all share-able by 2-4 people).We shared the coconut cream pie, which again was more than enough for two. It was in a tart style with a sugar cookie type crust, topped with a layer that we felt had cream cheese in it, then a layer of custard cream, covered by a mountain of fresh whipped barely sweetened cream and toasted coconut flakes. It was really delicious. The house blend coffee was truly outstanding, without even a hint of acidity. Hubby added Frangelico to his, and it was so good and rich that it did not need the cream he would have otherwise added. All in all, Capital Grille gave us a very pleasant dining experience (aside from a couple of wasted chicks who were way too loud), and very good food.
5	While one of the best steaks I have ever eaten was in a cowboy bar outside of Dallas where there were more teeth on the floor than in the average patron's mouth. I have come to believe that most of us generally desire that unique union of a robust menu composed of carefully planned and executed dishes with a splash of unique drinks, a dazzling wine selection, excellent service that offer suggestions to round out a dining experience, and finally an atmosphere that lets us focus on our palette not our survival instincts. If your generally in agreement with me then the Capital Grille is right up your prospective alley and will definitely set the bar higher. While the steaks are absolutely excellent, they take a great amount of pride and care in the preparation of everything. Starting with the appetizers, the oyster and shellfish platters were well done and exceptionally fresh especially when you consider we are in the middle of the desert. The Kona Sirlon was cooked to absolute perfection and the rub composed of coffee and other seasonings gave you all the more reason to linger over every bite. The dinner service was absolutely perfect, he remained observant and ensured we were taken care of without being obtrusive seemingly allowing us to dine from the horn of plenty.
4	Loved sitting outside on a Spring night. We had 8 people at the table and decided to get multiple apps, salads and entrees and split them. It was excellent. Loved it all, salads were great as well as the steak. Definitely would go back.  Service was soild.
2	I've heard great things about the food but I was disappointed. We had a reservation, arrived on time but were not seated for 20 minutes. Service was friendly and knowledgable but it took forever to get our entrees - about 45 minutes AFTER our appetizer was finished and gone. I ordered Steak Oscar and I'm pretty sure they had grill running WAY too hot - my steak was crispified on the outside and rare on the inside. The desserts were the highlight of the meal and they had a good selection of wines by the glass. My first impression: overpriced and overrated.
4	Seldom had better service and the food was terrific. I prefer this type of steak house to Morton's or Ruth's Chris....YMMV
3	Capital Grill is what is is. A steakhouse chain. It's predictable and classy atmosphere is great for business entertaining. With so many food options here in Phoenix, I certainly wouldn't take an out-of-towner here.
5	Selected for a private party of 12, we enjoyed the Wine Room as a group for dinner and drinks on a Sat night. The room was perfect- a square set up so everyone could be together and enjoy convo and share the al la carte sides. Our server, Chad, was super sweet and on top of it. Not a moment went by without our glasses filled or a finished plate cleared. I had an amazing steak- of course- which I do not eat often because once you have it at a place like this, it is hard to imagine trying to duplicate. I put the creamed spinich on top and it was amazing. I also sampled the lobster mac and cheese which tempted me to lick the plate and also the lobster bisque. WOW. Seriously, everything knocked my pants off.It seemed like all hands on deck kept the night smooth and us feeling taken care of. Outstanding service is so rare, and I must compliment the team there for being friendly- not snotty or unapproachable- and very attentive. Perfect for a special nite out or a group in the private room.
2	A nice sirloin steak (NY cut according to the waiter) would not be so thick and not be chewy either.  Dry aged steak?  They just aren't supposed to be chewy.  The side dishes were mediocre.  The bread on the other hand was nice because of the large selection they offer.  The raisin wheat bread was the best.  It didn't help that it was late and we were very hungry.  Again, steak is not supposed to be chewy.  One would expect much more for the price.
5	Fine Dining is hard to find and Capital Grill ranks right up there. It's my favorite spot for a great steak and large selection of wines. I judge a steakhouse by trying the Rib-Eye. Capital Grill only serves "Prime" and yes, you do pay the price. This is not a "cheap date", and has become one of special occasion spots...anniversary, birthday etc. The Rib-Eye here has the perfect marbleization and has always been cooked to perfection. Sandra K usually has the Filet, and has never been disappointed.But I better mention the Lobster Bisque soup before detailing the steaks and sides. It is like a special sunset. Dazzling light, luminescent colors and a special moment. Not sure how's it's made...but to die for flavor.Salads are exceptional, except I usually go for the soup, but when I'm thinking healthy, I have the wedge or Caesar, or on occasion the bacon spinach. All worth mentioning.Back to the steaks, again, I am a Rib-Eye fan but I have had The Dry Aged Steak Au Poivre with a Courvasier Cream Sauce. This steak is rubbed with crushed peppercorns and "seared" to lock in the juices. The cream sauce is such a delight. Don't mix the Lobster Bisque and this steak unless you want a decadent evening. By the way, don't lke beef? Try the Double Cut Lambchops...fabulous! Seafood, I can't get myself to order seafood at a Steak House, unless I have Steak and Lobster/Crab. Then again, I get my Lobster fix with the soup or the appetizers.Sides....This is why I like to take a group here. The sides are all "shareable" although there are several here that I don't want my companions to take too much. Parmesan Truffle Fries....ouch on the flavor scale (and other scales). Lobster and Mac N Cheese, again, I get my seafood on the side, this one is decadent to the power of 10 and one of my all time favorites are the AuGratin potatoes. To impress my guests, I will order a vegetable to share and it's usually the creamed spinach or asparagus. But sliding into decadence here means I throw out the rules of engagement and if I going to sin....here I am going to sin big, and that means dessert as well.Coconut Cream Pie or Key Lime Pie at a fine dining spot contrast the other offerings of Flourless Chocolate Expresso Cake and Berries and Cream. Go for it.I have had intimate dining here with Sandra K and most recently, hosted a luncheon for 60 persons in a private setting. Service has always been impeccable and the food is distinguished.
5	My favorite restaurant for a perfect steak..this is where I come for my birthday and for any time I feel like some comfort food..From the moment you walk in, you have a feeling that all is well and that life is good.. try the kona crusted steak with the lobster mac n cheese and layonaise potatoes on the side!!!heaven!!!!
1	In all seriousness, I have heard good things about this place from several people, I kind of walked in and was trying to think what the hell was the theme here, seriously if PETA ever went in here they would close this place down, with stuffed animals on the walls they would have a field day. I would say from start to finish I was thoroughly not impressed. I will honestly say that I will probably never go back to this location. It wasn't even that the food was just blah, but the fact that the staff seemed to ignore me, maybe I was under dressed for this establishment. I guess my money truly is no good here, because I honestly did not feel the staff gave two fucks about me the whole time I was there. Garbage. I grabbed a card on the way out from I believe was the hostess. Torri McFarland...you and your staff from the top down got work to do this place sucks!!!
3	Scottsdale.  A place where I would love to raise kids a few years down the line.  The location is great.  Plenty of parking places.  Not sure why anyone would valet here unless you want to burn some cash.  The filet mignon was cooked exactly the way I wanted it.  The downside of this location is the service.  We had two waiters for our table, and took them forever to get our drinks, take our orders, clean our table, etc.  Side recommendation:  Mac and Cheese w/ Lobster =D
3	I was there on Friday night in a "private party" room for a Law School graduation dinner with about 50 other people in our party so we ordered from a Pre-selected menu which I think is a novel idea..especially with a group of 50. I'd been before and enjoyed my fillet much more the previous time. Our server said medium would be hot pink in the middle and well...I was looking for a little bit more brown, but not too brown. Nevertheless...it was overcooked. Everything else (potatoes and vegis) was awesome...service is awesome, wine was also pre-selected... For as many people as we had, overall everything was great and my dog Charlie really enjoyed the leftover fillet I brought home :-) I think I'll order medium next time!!
4	Went to CG again tonight and definitely redeemed itself. Had the lobster bisque soup for appi and shared the sliced filet mignon with cippolini onions and wild mushrooms with my girlfriend and was definitely very happy with this selection. The fresh warm hot rolls were exceptional as well. Definitely a fun time. May be even willing to give Bourbon Steak a second try...especially because it's so close to home!
4	Based on special WIne Tasting event @ Bar.  {Otherwise i could NEVER see how i could/would dine here - case in point: initially seated in dinning room. Took quite a while to have our (very snotty & uppity) server apporach us.  We inidicated we were doing their special event, and OMG did he ever show he did NOT want any part of THAT with US}We (ThankFully) asked to be moved to lounge area which only had 2 other tables being served.  (I just KNEW we would have had a more than terrible  time with Mr. Crabby Pants had we stayed in his section).We were promptly moved, seated & served in very quick succession.  Turned out BEST decsion.  We were given professional & informative tastings of wines from Napa & South Africa.  Although this was a fun, different and good little event, and we really enjoyed it, it was NO where near as great an experience that we had at the CG in North Scottsdale 2 weeks earlier, ie: NITE and DAY difference.  (pours were half the size, and they were extremely hesitant, if at all, to give another taste of 1 which u may have liked....I WOULD go back to N. Scottsdale for a Wine & Dine but i would never suggest getting a "10" on the Snob-O-Factor here.
2	Went to Capital Grille for resturant week Pre Fix menu. I guess I was expecting more. The atmosphere was plesant and the service was not all that bad (waiter was at our table a little too much, interrupting conversation).The salad was ok. I could have had better elsewhere....lettuce was wilted.The filet was ok. My steak was not cooked very evenly and for a five star steak house I was expecting a perfect steak. It also had very little flavor itself. The port wine reduction helped with the flavor.The side was nice a truffle mac and cheese...but again nothing to write home about.Dessert was good. Pumkin cheesecake, my husband had the apple crisp.Would I go back and pay full price. NO. This is not a place for something new or different and the quality was below par.
4	9/22Came to try their Restaurant Week menu, and sat at one of the tables at the bar section of the restaurant.  I liked its subdued and quaint atmosphere; however, the smooth jazz music's volume was turned up significantly as the afternoon turned into dusk.  It's a good thing I enjoy smooth jazz.Chose the French onion soup starter, the Kona-crusted sirloin steak entree, and cheesecake w/ fresh berries sauce to finish.  I really enjoyed the onion soup- salty from the cheese, yet just enough sweetness from the caramelized onions.  I really liked how some areas of the cheese that blanketed the bowl were crispy!  I thought perhaps it was the bread that sometimes one would find below the cheese, but no, it was the cheese itself.  Wished the whole piece was crunchy...I absolutely adored the Kona-crusted sirloin.  Cooked to medium- perfect!- and I could taste the coffee, too, and not just feel the texture of coffee grains, as I've ordered similar entrees from other venues, but never tasted the intended effect.  The caramelized shallot cream sauce absolutely floored me!  One of the best sauces that has graced my lips :)  Mmm... The entree came with two standard sides (no substitutes allowed, or at least that was what I was told) of creamed spinach and smashed red potatoes.  Both were delightful- decadently rich and creamy.  Before I forget, the table bread basket (seeded dinner rolls and lavosh) was good, especially the seeded rolls.  You may also order toasted sourdough if you have food allergies to avoid.Stepping back down, but not much, from the piece de resistance (in this meal, the standout was the steak), was the creme brulee cheesecake w/ berry sauce w/ fresh berries!  Simply incredible!   While I had to return the more beautiful (more caramelized sugar crust) first offering, untouched, due to food issues, the second was less visually stunning, but tasted divine.  I should've asked for more sauce on the side, as I ended up taking some home.  (Believe me, it took all of my willpower to stop myself from inhaling the whole dish!)I would definitely love to go back again!
4	During the 2009 Arizona Restaurant Week in Phoenix I selected to dine at Capital Grille, and what an experience that was!! Both the service and food were excellent to say the least!  I have a relatively strict diet due to food allergies/intolerances.  Not only am I gluten-free, but also dairy-, egg-, and soy-free, but also preservative and meat free (except fish), so from the time I scheduled my reservation to my arrival and dining at the restaurant the service was impeccable!  This fine dining restaurant definitely gets two thumbs up!  Though there was no gluten-free pasta, brown rice, or quinoa, there were other wonderful options to still satisfy my strict dietary needs.Capital Grille is an excellent place to experience, not just for the food but also for the experience...it truly represents fine dining well!
5	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):10 Food10 Service10 Atmosphere6 ValueWent during restaurant week where they offered a surprisingly reasonably priced set-menu.  They also let me tinker with it a bit without jumping to a la carte prices.  The mac&cheese was super awesome, and the desserts were greatness.In the end, I think I messed myself a little.
5	More posh than Posh, Capital Grille is the stuffy resturant that will totally get you laid. lol..., the food is good, the service is TOP notch. I cannot even begin to tell you!! ARGH! I'm getting ahead of myself... *deep breath* Let me begin...It was Resturant Week and me and my neighbor Sharrita chose to come here for a couple of reasons: Meat and Creme Brulee. What ever homesick girl needs to feel better. :)We entered the very clean and classy and dare i say it - swanky setting with their hostesses who ware blazers and they were very welcoming and were very glad to seat a yelper. (they asked how I heard about Resturant Week when I called for reservations) Our waiter - dang I can't remember his name! he was so attentative and had one of those table sweeper type thingies and he recommended I try the best drink of the night - the Stoli Doli. Fresh pineapple stewed with Stoli vodka for atleast a WEEK before it's dispensed for sweet drink lovers (like me) smooth, delicious and slightly sweet. I was in love. We had standard salads, nothing to write yelp about. I had the Filet Mingon and she had this steak that was sliced in half (if I remember) it came with veggies, again nothing to really write yelp about but everything was so yummy. The steak was well rested and cooked perfectly. I was very impressed.  One slight issue: we saw creme brulee on the menu on  the resturant week's website but when we got to the resturant, it wasn't there - boo... but our ever amazing waiter worked it out for us! YAY!! Thank Goodness he did because it was insanely good.If you want a place that is swank, seriously fancy (I'm from the rez okay - so this is crazy fancy in my world)  and has GREAT service and even better steak... this is the place for you! But you better have the cash to pay for it all! lol but if you have the money honey and a need to wine and dine then trust me sweetie Capital Grille has the time! Just call ahead for reservations!
4	Let's just start by saying that I rarely eat at chain restaurants. So the fact that I ended up at Capital Grille for Valentine's day is actually a little embarrassing. But the combination of a $100 gift card that was about to expire, a fond memory of steak tar tar and homemade potato chips at their bar, and a failure to make any other sort of reservation landed us there at about 8pm on Sunday night. I really wasn't feeling like anything fancy, so we decided to sit at the bar, nosh, and watch the Olympics.First, cocktails. Mine: an expertly made Manhattan that was approximately the size of my head (hurray for oversized martini glasses!) My husbands: Hendricks, rocks, cucumber. Our bartender offered to go get cucumber slices from the kitchen as it was a garnish they typically had at the bar. Score 1 for Kevin the bartender. Next, food order. This had the potential to be the low point of the evening when they informed me they no longer had the steak tar tar on the menu. Or the ketlle chips. I now wanted to cry. We settled for a caprese salad, beef carpaccio, and the lobster crab cakes. Salad came out promptly, was very tasty and nice presentation. And then...nothing. The other apps lagged for like 15 minutes and the bartender was visibly irritated at the kitchen and wait staff. Luckily I had a full drink in front of me and it was the skating pairs short program on TV so I really wasn't complaining. When the food did show up it was actually worth the wait. Nothing I would have changed about it at all.For the dessert portion of the evening we decided to try a Colheita port, which the bartender described as a single vintage tawny port. My husband loves tawny port and they had one that was fairly reasonable but still in the Colheita category. Rounded it out with the flourless chocolate espresso cake. Sadly, we were informed they no longer carried our port selection. And then, not so sadly, they poured us a much more expensive version for the price of the other one! Oh, and the dessert itself - freaking amazing. Best chocolate torte I've had in a while. The actual shocker of the evening was that they took the appetizers off the bill without us saying anything about it. This really wasn't necessary but I think it shows that this place really does have class and that they wanted us to know that wasn't up to their standard of service. Well played.Oh, and, right before we left the bartender leaned over and said "Come back on a day when it isn't a holiday and we'll get the kitchen to make you some steak tar tar.  They do it for me all the time." Bless you, sweet bartender man. And thank you for a lovely Valentine's day.
3	Good steak because it is prime meat but not to a par....beautiful place.  Good service but not great service.....
5	If I would have to choose three restaurants as the only places I can eat until I die, this would be one of them. How does "Bone-In Kona Crusted Dry Aged Sirloin with Caramelized Shallot Butter" sound? Freakin AMAZING...(5+++*)The salad I had "The Wedge" was real fresh iceberg lettuce with tasty dressing and real big bacon pieces (4*). The crab and lobster cake had huge pieces of crab leg and lobster in it which was definitely the best crab cake I ever had (5+++*). Their signature Martini was delicious. Apparently they keep it inside a pineapple for about 14 days (5+*). I wasn't a big fan of the mocca chocolate cake (2*) which was very rich and was probably just my wrong choice of dessert. Go here for the best Dry aged steak, the best crab cake and amazing pineapple martinis.
4	I visit this Capital Grille location several times a year... usually for some kind of work meeting or special occasion.  While my visits can cost a pretty penny, I've never been disappointed.  Most recently I was at TCG for a Master Wine Tasting event, which was a great deal... and it's a promotion that is taking place at dinner time now through our crazy Summer (ending September 5th).For $25 per person, TCG offers generous pours of up to 11 wine selections.  We sampled quite a variety of vino: sparkling, red, and white, from Napa Valley, Italy, and New Zealand.  I'm no wine connoisseur, but I enjoyed them all! And for $40 more, ($65 total), TCG does a food pairing to go with the wine selections. On the night we were there, our courses included Lobster and Crab Cake, Pan-Fried Calamari, Cedar Planked Salmon,Lamb Chop, Sirloin, and Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake.Not the healthiest meal, but it sure was a foodie experience!  My favorites were the calamari and the flourless chocolate cake.  The rest of the group I dined with enjoyed it all as well... You cannot go wrong with escaping the heat this summer and spending an evening at The Capital Grille with their special tasting menus!
4	Condor's Piece of Daily Advice:  If a hot, Low Rider bikini model tosses a vodka martini in your face and walks out leaving the tab, there is no better place to be than the Capital Grille at the Biltmore Fashion Park. The bartender was quick with a linen napkin to wipe my face and refreshed the Campari and Coke I had begun. My depression was short and my solace began with the Bar Menu Lamb, a dozen fresh oysters with a hint of vinegar, and a native of San Diego who works as a corporate jet stewardess named Linda. I'll be back to the Capital Grille as soon as I return from San Diego!
5	Amazing food and excellent service. LOVED the porcini rubbed delmonico.
4	In a bit of an indifferent mood before ending up at TCG I did the drivers equivalent of pacing.  Litterally driving into the parking lot of a few other well known restaurants and going "no...not feeling it", and driving out of the parking lot without stopping.   I was intent on trying some place new.  Honestly I don't know what made me park and come into TCG, and even then when I walked in I was about ready to turn around, I wasn't wanting so upscale but decided to just go in and grab a seat at the bar.  My indeciseiveness that night extended into trying to choose what to drink and what to eat.  The bartender and the lady sitting next to me highly recommend the Stoli Doli, house infused pineapple vodka martini.  Why not? What a great recommendation.  Wonderfully simple, slightly sweet pineapple goodness in a martini glass.  Looking over the bar menu, I then asked for the full menu.  Wow the Wine list is IMPRESSIVE.  The menu options matched the rich darkness in the restaurant.  Sultry and romantic...I can see why there were so many couples here enjoying the ambiance.  The service is as impressive as the wine list.I finally decided, but I question my own combination of what I chose.  Obviously not that hungry, I choose the Wagyu beef carpaccio and a wedge salad( this is where I wonder what was I thinking).  I would have much happier in the end had I just had the carpaccio.   Not that it was bad....just so didn't do the restaurant justice.   It's not ment to stand out on its own.  But it satisfied something at the moment.  The rich blue cheese dressing and bacon...unfortunately iceburg lettuce is never stellar even with the dressing.The Wagyu carpaccio was beautifully plated.  Lightly seared exterior and rare interior of thinnly sliced beef accompanied by a portion of lightly dressed arugula salad and parmagian cheese.   The seared exterior had a seasoning that I am not sure that added to the dish.  I appreciate carpaccio for its simplicity. However that was my only "issue" and it didn't keep me from enjoying the dish.  The richness of the wagyu and the peppery arugula were perfect together.  Including tip my vist was around $50.Next time I will go with a friend or 3 who are ready for a fine meal.
1	Bad food and terrible service.  Went here during restaurant week with a large group of friends and everyone was disappointed.  The service was slow and disrespectful and I'm not sure I would have fed my rubber steak to the dog.  I'm not one to go out of my way to write a bad review unless the place really deserves it, and sadly this "steakhouse" certainly does due to the quality of food, price and service. Don't do it, try City Hall.
3	We were a little early,so we sat in the lounge while waiting for our table. The bar menu looks great...need to go back and nosh in there sometime! Anyway, our meal was wonderful. Our server was a little stiff, not very warm, but...oh well.Sometimes I wonder if they get annoyed because we don't drink alcohol...we spend $ on the food. We had the caprese salad(excellent), I had the tenderloin with poached lobster and my husband had the sirloin. Both steaks had amazing flavor and sear to them. The lobster was succulent! We shared a side of the mashed pots...best restaurant mashed I've ever had. Finished with a creme brulee and blood orange sorbet with biscotti...both very tasty and perfectly portioned. I've been in the restaurant industry for years...including fine dining. Had our server been just a little bit more personable, I would have rated it a 5. We still tipped 25%...but a smile now and then would have been nice.
5	If you want to be treated like a queen or king...then bow down here. First, service is exceptional. They must have something in their computers cause every time we go they actually remember us...Its pricey...but great places like this should be. And believe me, its money well spent. best steaks, appetizers, salads, deserts....why go further. Just make a reservation, dress nice and have a taste bud treat!
5	I took my daughter here for her 6th birthday.  The employees really embraced the event!  They set the table with birthday confetti, had all signed a card beforehand, and were very kind and accommodating.  The chef prepared a few extra treats for us, including mini grilled cheese sandwiches that were quite delicious.The meal was delightful as well, of course. Our server made wonderful recommendations that were kid friendly.  The appetizer, the muses, the main course, and dessert were all spectacular.Highly recommended for any occasion.
4	I have been to this location 2 times.  Both times the food was excellent.  The lobster mac and cheese is a great side and would highly recommend if you must choose just 1.  But all the sides are excellent.As for the steak itself....they are great.  The bone-in Kona crusted is my personal favorite, however, you really cant go wrong with any of the suggestions.  The service is exactly what you would expect from this type of a restaurant.I only give this 4 stars, as I had to wait for about 20 minutes for a table, even though I made a reservation 2 weeks in advance.  Also, the table they eventually sat us at had no one sitting at it for the 20 minutes that we waited.  If it was not for this, it would be 5 stars.  Also, a bit pricey, but it is relative to any other steak house.Creme brulee was also very good.
5	Wandered in at 3 pm and had super service at a nice table in the sun.  Great chop salad and bread worth the carbs....Great service with ironed napkins and great sun.  Easy validated parking.
5	Great food- finest Cognac-Great service.  No complaints
4	I visited this place when I was on a business trip to Phoenix. My colleague and me walked out our office on a moderately warm day and were looking to grab a bite to eat.We wandered across the street from the office into the Biltmore Mall (supposedly an upscale mall) but could not find anything to our liking.We looked across the street and saw The Capital Grill and decided to venture into it. It is a very nice restaurant and is very tastefully decorated. Was not sure of the food when we sat down to order.I looked at the Menu and decided to have the "Lobster & Crab Burger". Also ordered hand made fries with it (what the heck). If the lobster and crab were not going to clog my arteries, I was sure that the fries would do the trick!!Was a little skeptical but my colleague also ordered the same. We looked a each other and thought that at $19 a pop for a burger it better be good.First the fries came. Not sure if it was the hunger that was clouding the judgement but the fries were presented very nicely and were cut thin and crispy as I like it. So far so good.The the well dressed butler (yes) served the burger with a bow and whispered " Enjoy you meal sir" lightly into my ears. The burger was open faced with one half of the burger bread outside and the other half had this nice looking chunk of lobster and crab cake blended with Old Bay seasoning with a side of freshly prepared tartar sauce. I tell you this was the best tasting crab & lobster cake I have ever had. It just melted in my mouth and I kind of licked the plate dry. It was the highlight of my day after half a day of meetings (well I need to 'fess that the other highlight was the ICC World Cup Match that I watched from 2:00 AM  - 9:00 AM).Overall I would highly recommend this place. I am definitely coming back here on my next business trip.
2	Bottom line, save your money and go to Mastros. I'm not a fan of capital grill but decided to give it a shot since I hadn't been there for ages.  Old country club decor, servers that can barely crack a smile, and the food is a poor value. The good dishes were the lobster crab cake appetizer which had large chunks of lobster and a fresh corn salsa, and the spinach salad.  Both of our steaks were ordered med rare and came out rare. We sent them back and the filet was ok but my kc strip was still rare in the center. The filet was very bland even though it was served with a pathetic portion of cippolini onions, mushrooms, and a sauce. The kc strip with roquefort cheese and crispy onions on top could have been amazing if cooked properly though it can't really hold a candle to Mastros. Dessert was unimpressive as well and really uninspired. Obviously left feeling disappointed and bewildered how this place stays in business with so many amazing restaurants around...
4	I have eaten here for years and the food is always very consistent and excellent. I really enjoy their lobster bisque. I have never had a bad meal or experience here.
4	Always a great dining experience.  The filet doesn't get too much better.  Sides are tasty.  Salads and soups good.  It's a power diner place... red tie and jacket the norm, though not required.  Lively service staff, less romantic steakhouse than business place.Not cheap, but you leave full of great beef.  One of my top 3 steakhouses in Phoenix.  And by the way, it's the best value on the entire Restaurant Week list.  I make it there every time, even while changing up the other restaurants.  And it's one of the ones I come back to to even when no special, because the food is very good.This is probably the place I'd take an extra special client to if he flew into town.Wish they had a daily happy hour.
3	Not bad, but not my first choice for the area. The staff are friendly and the food is good, but it just feels too much like a man's club. That being said, it is a great place for guys to go for dinner who are really looking for dinner. I think I need more... of something.
4	I ate here with Abu J a while back and had a tasty lunch of a sirloin sandwich and mashed potatoes.  While hardly dietetic, it was tasty and even left me some lunch for the next day.  The steak was nice and rare, grilled onions and potatoes mashed more in the french style, a little gluey, but in a good way.  Tasty.  Abu J had his usual cheeseburger (though no anymore).  I'm sure I'll be here again sometime as he has his "paper route" and doesn't care much to deviate from it.
4	My boyfriend and I went here to celebrate his finishing of the boards and as a farewell before he leaves for an away rotation as a present from his mom. It was everything we could ask for. The steaks we tried were delicious: a Porterhouse and the Delmonico with aged balsamic and Porcini. What surprised me most was how tender everything was. We split the lobster mac, but I must say that although the fontina bechamel base was nice and light with a perfect panko crust, the lobster for me simply served to detract from the dish and was a little tough. I am not much a drinker and the boyfriend loves beer so we were happy to hear they had a fair beer selection as well as wine. We split the flourless chocolate cake so my boyfriend could finally make good with his mom who forgot to bring some cake home when he was 14 lol. The cake was simple but good. I just think I could have beaten it at home...then again I have sort of a chocolate obsession. Beautiful place, not too crowded, and a good noise level. I left very happy.
5	I took my boyfriend here for his 4th of July birthday (dinner on the 3rd). Capital Grille was my second choice -- my first choice was closed for the holiday weekend. And am I ever so glad it was.When making a reservation I dropped that it was a birthday dinner. Upon checking in, the hostess immediately wished him a happy birthday by name and took us to a table adorned with a tasteful amount of birthday confetti and a card signed by the staff. Nice!From there on out the service, food and ambiance was outstanding. It far exceeded my expectations from all the wonderful reviews I had read previously. Our waiter, Chad, was very helpful in helping us select items as we were a little overwhelmed by all the good reviews on yelp and the things people have told us personally. Drinks - a gin and tonic for him and a Stoli Doli for me. Appetizer was calamari, which was delicious. He got the 24 ounce porterhouse, which he ate every bit of. I had the bone-in kona crusted sirloin - AMAZING. A cup of lobster bisque is mandatory. The Lobster Mac and Cheese was an interesting grown-up take on the kid friendly dish. Not as creamy as the microwavable stuff, a little on the soupy side but it was definitely working. We got a creme brulee for dessert, which I discovered upon receiving the check that they comped it for the birthday.The service is very well worth noting. I'm not big on fluff and getting my rear kissed as a customer, and the service exceeded standard customer service with genuine sincerity without flirting with that rear-kissing fakeness. Although I suspect if you are of that type that appreciates that, they'll do that too. The type of place that folds your napkin whenever you leave the table to use the restroom, but doesn't over-sir or over-madam you. My boyfriend and I are $2 pitcher, jeans and flip flop type diners but the service was welcoming and even though we were out of our usual element, we didn't feel like it.I even got a follow-up phone call the next day asking how our dinner was! My facebook status update right after dinner: "I will be thinking about this meal for weeks."
5	I love The Capital Grille! All of their steak options are great, you really cant go wrong. Whatever you do, you must order the Lobster Mac and cheese for your side!!!!! Its my favorite side dish in the world. Its so rich, creamy, delicious, and has large chunks of delicious lobster meat all throughout. You wont be dissapointed!
5	Amazing birthday dinner for my boyfriend with our dearest friends.Robert Carson was our waiter and probably the best waiter I've ever had the pleasure to watch and benefit from!He treated us like long lost friends.  His long fingers and long hands expertly delivered our plates (and his fingers never touched to top of our plates...we look for that).He took our photo with the fabulous desert plate before we devoured everything on it!  Best deserts I've had in a long time (Coconut Cream Pie, Chocolate Cake and, my favorite, Cheesecake).But besides the service and desert, let me praise the beef! All four of us ordered Filet Mignon (one Filet Oscar) and all of us thought it was a prime cut of meat!  The au gratin potatoes (which I haven't eaten in years) was hot, cheesy and wonderful!  Capital Grille ranks up there with Morton's in my book for sure! I'm so glad there's one in the L.A. area...I'll go again next time I have a reason to spend $$$$ on a meal!
5	AMAZING... let me start off with that.  So I originally made reservations to Ruth's Chris for my boyfriend's birthday dinner but I saw the menu for Capital Grille and immediately changed my mind and I'm so glad I did.  I made reservations on their website and mentioned it was my boyfriends birthday.  When we got there, the host and manager both greeted us and were very professional, wishes my boyfriend a happy birthday.  They let us sit at the bar for drinks before we sat down to dinner since the table wasn't ready yet. When we got to the table, there was a card signed by all the staff, happy birthday confetti that lined down the table it was wonderful.  The atmosphere was very welcoming, it was dim and very elegant but not overly done which I liked.  The bread they provided was warm and delicious.  We ordered the calamari for appetizer and let me just say... if you love calamari, THIS IS IT RIGHT HERE!!! its perfectly seasoned, breaded and crispy, and its mixed with banana peppers and tomato which give it a nice kick and some jazz. LOVED IT LOVED IT LOVVVVVED IT!  We then shared the porterhouse steak 28oz and it was delicious and perfectly cooked, a little colder than I would like it but at least they cooked it right.  We also ordered the lobster mac and cheese and paramasean truffle fries as our sides.  Way too much food for the both of us, we had to take half the steak, most of the mac and cheese and fries home but they were all delicious.  The service was amazing, our server was on point and very good, she knew the menu really well and explained everything to us.  The overall experience was a 10.  After our meal, the server came out with a slice of chocolate mousse cake with a lit candle for my boyfriend and it was on the house! They are so generous.  I'm a food junkie and I love food and this is by far my favorite, quality, restaurant.
2	We had a 60+ person luncheon event here and I'd say the service and food were marginal. For example, I made the mistake of ordering my salad with dressing on the side. This caused 59 people to be served and one to sit and wait at least 15 minutes for lettuce and tomato assembly. These guys may be fine for dinner, but I'd never do another group event. They were a pain in the butt to deal with.
5	A big THANK YOU to Capital Grille, Ann (the event coordinator) and the servers who helped us with my brother's dinner rehearsal.  We had 34 guests in the Biltmore Room.  The food was amazing and I can honestly say, I have dealt with many vendors and this event was seamless.  They went above and beyond to make our night special.  I feel horrible that I forgot the head server's name, but he was THE BEST.  Thank you!  I highly recommend this venue if anyone is looking to host a private event.  THANK YOU ANN AND CAPITAL GRILLE!
5	Oh my goodness!!!    This place is great!!   Went here last Saturday with a group of four and things couldn't have been better.    From the time we stepped into the restaurant to the time we stepped out we were treated like royalty.    Excellent, attentive service.   Two of us were even given a personal tour of the restaurant by the general manager.    Food items ordered included:  french onion soup, spinach salad, chopped salad, Delmonico steak, porterhouse steak, Filet Mignon, mashed potatoes, scalloped potatoes, green beans, chilled seared sushi grade tuna,  coconut cream pie.  We also had several bottles of wine the best of which was named "The Boxer."   The bread basket they provide is also great.  All food items prepared correctly for everyone the first time.   The restaurant does have the feel of a gentleman's club and is expensive.    Give this Capital Grille location a try for your next special evening out.
4	Celebrated my husband's 30th birthday here.Walked in and was promptly seated.  There was a birthday card signed by the staff for my husband waiting on the table. Hostess also took a picture at the booth and put it in a frame for us to take home. Food was delicious. Had the wagyu beef carpaccio, shrimp cocktail, lobster mac and cheese. However, I was a bit disappointed in my main dish, the rib eye. It did not seem seasoned very well and didnt have much flavor. My husband had a porterhouse and had to ask for extra balsamic drizzle to give it some punch.Other than that, we had a great time. The service was great and a majority of the meal was perfect!
2	Went for 3rd year anniversary with my husband.  Had a 5:00 reservation.  Arrived about 10 minutes early and we were greeted by young hostesses with heavy make-up and just okay.  We were happy to sit in the beautiful bar (entire place is decorated wonderfully - music was upbeat, young and pretty loud).  Cops was on in the bar.  Our tender was fun.  Ordered martinis straight up, with GREAT blue cheese olives.  Good service at bar.  Got served some cold bread in a basket.  Nice variety.  But cold!  We sat there for over 20 minutes though.  Wished to be seated at table on time.Table was nice.  Servers and bussers do shuffle around and don't seem happy.  Our server was fine.  We dine at Ruth's a lot so we were happy to try a bone-in rib-eye here.  We were told that we'd find the steaks at PCG better.  Didn't turn out that way and not just because of overdone. Another bread basket but this time it was hot.  Love the pretzle bread with big salt crystals.  Interesting that we didn't even open the menu.  What the server sugggested was what my hus. decided sounded great.  I agreed.  Nice red wine.  Lobster bisque came out pretty fast.  It was tepid.  Yuck!  Flavor was nice, lobster morsles good.  Temperature - awful!  The giant crouton it came with (same kind as bread basket) made it better.  Not enough flavor.  Just seemed to be creamy for creamy's sake.  Just a bowl of heavy cream.Heirloom tomato salad was good but the dressing was just alright.  Nice variety of tomatoes.  Was hoping for more pizazz.  Potato Au Gratin were heavily salted.  Sliced thinkly, good texture, but I like the simplicity of Ruth's potatoes better.  They were very tasty, but maybe just a little too salty.  I like to salt my own.  Neat, but not necessay to have an extra server scoop out a serving of potatoes.  No personality when doing it.  Our steaks were ordered meduim-rare.  They came out meduim.  The server asked, noticed, took out flashlight and agreed that they were both overdone.  My hus. kept his.  Hungry is his name (not really).  My new one came out pretty fast.  With my new one, came manager.  Man, was he stuffy!  He had his flashlight too and said for me to cut into it so that HE could be sure that I'd be happy with this one.  Well, it was rare, but I, too was hungry so I kept it.  I was happy to warm it up later in the broiler and then it'd be perfect.  The meat itself was great.  Not salted or peppered at all.  Not much butter.  I love Ruth's WAY better.  I like the butter, salt and sizzle.Server comped steaks and gave us desset to go.  Overall, all our needs met.  Happy time!  Just prob. won't go back for steaks.  Ruth's and Hillstone are MUCH better.
5	I celebrated my parent's anniversary here with some family friends and we had an incredible time. The food, service, and ambience was really phenomenal, and we'll definitely be back to celebrate more occasions.i recommend the lobster and crab stuffed shrimp and sam's mashed potatoes! you won't be disappointed. and if you're feeling adventurous, the oysters are a great selection!
4	For some strange reason, my mom wanted steak for her birthday dinner, and the good kind, not the kind I can get at Taco Bell for $2.99. So off to The Capital Grille we went. And we weren't disappointed... by the food at least. The food was blissful. From the perfectly cooked filet mignons, to the incredibly fresh shrimp cocktail, to the creamy and utterly delicious mashed potatoes with the right amount of lumpiness... it was 5* worthy. However, the service did disappoint. Our server, an older gent who still had spring in his step, was kept so busy by his other tables at different corners of the restaurant, left us neglected for more than 25 minutes between service of the appetizers and checking in to see if we had finished. We had, and we'd finished our waters and sodas as well. To the chefs at The Capital Grille... well done! To the waitstaff... sigh... just... sigh.
4	The food is great, very relaxing.  The service staff is not in your face every ten seconds, but if you need something they are right there to get it.  Parking is a little painful, as you will need to valet your car, otherwise your forced to walk about a block to park.
5	Our recent party of five dined at Capital Grille in celebration of a business accomplishment. We found the food excellent and the service impeccable. The management went out of their way to accommodate us with a quiet round table that was fitting for the occasion. The dining ambience was subdued, elegant, and not over the top. Thanks to Sergio for a memorable evening.
5	Soooooooooooooooo! Good! And the service was awesome as it should be since there is nothing cheap about this place ha! But it it is so worth every penny! My mother and I went for a celebratory lunch for me landing a new ridiculously awesome job with guess who...YELP! ha!  We both got the lobster roll plate complete with a lobster bisque and french green beans! We were craving lobster good you tell!? Let me tell you they do not skimp out on the lob meat either the roll with out a doubt has what seems to be the whole lobster in it and the bisque is to die for! If you order it make sure you get it with the sherry that they offer with it. Best place for lobster and steak hands down...besides Ocean Club at Kierland lol
1	After sitting at our table for 30 minutes and not getting any service, we left.  But not before the hostess said thanks for coming in. Needles to say I will not be returning.
5	Though I'm generally worn out on steakhouses, I have to give Capital Grille props for the best steak and steakhouse I've experienced. The Filet is melt-in-your-mouth tender and full of flavor. The atmosphere is upscale, corporate-feeling, but still manages to be fun and cozy with family-style sides and friendly waitstaff. If I'm going to splurge on a steak, I'll be seeking out a Captial Grille.
4	I've always noticed the Capital Grille when I went to Biltmore, but thanks to last month's yelp event I finally got a chance to try out some menu items and I've been back twice this month. It's the kind of place that you want reservations for, but we made a spur of the moment decision on a Friday night and got lucky enough to find a spot to at the bar. The wine menu is extensive, as you would expect it to be for the prices/quality of food. The steak portions are large and the Kona crusted sirloin we ordered was plenty for two (the kitchen split it for us). It was perfectly medium rare. The bread basket and sides were both good, but not the main reason you'd want to come.Yesterday we went back to try the lunch plates menu and sat in the restaurant area. The service here was spot-on and we were in and out in an hour. Both the burger and mini tenderloin were great choices.  The ricotta cheesecake was a delicious, albeit overfilling, finishing touch.There's a slight men's-club feeling to the place and I wouldn't describe it as trendy, but I'd have no problems going back for a solid steak.
5	The lunch plates are a great deal for a great lunch.  There was enough food for the hubby and I to split it, but I stuffed myself and ate it all by myself!  I had the pepper soup (rich and yummy) the burger with an egg and onions (soooo juicy, perfect and yummy) and the truffle fries (freakin GREAT!! :) Hubby had the steak with green beans (not a lunch plate special) and it was good, the char taste over powered the steak and it was even rare, but it was still ok.  He ate the whole thing :)... Our waiter was awesome, Ricky, he was the best! We also split the coconut cream pie, and it was so good.  I have had their flour-less chocolate cake before and it is crave-able.  It works out to be an affordable and amazing lunch spot, we will be back when we are in the area!
5	Cap grille is consistently good from city to city. Service is exceptional and the food is amazing. We enjoyed some Prisoner wine that actually didn't have the crazy steak house mark-up you might expect.
4	Despite being a chain, The Capital Grille breaks the formula of "tired steakhouse", and led to one of my favorite dining experiences I've ever had, though I have a few reservations, but I'll get those in a moment. First off, getting in was extremely easy, but it was a Monday night. Last minute anniversary idea totally worked in our favor, as we were greeted with a "Happy anniversary!", and led to a seemingly huge booth decorated with rose petals & cheap plastic heart pieces, which was a nice touch. The drink selection consisted of standards like martini's and a massive wine list. We went for the basic. Dry gin martini, 3 olives. They pulled it off wonderfully, and it was shaken/poured tableside, as it should be.We started with the calamari. They fry them up in a bready, salty batter. Almost too salty. Then, they do something awesome, and toss in chopped cherry peppers. The result is this concoction of spicy bready perfectly fried calamari. The peppers add this crazy flavor to the overall dish, which is completely unexpected and delicious. Great ratio of head vs body too. I hate it when restaurants just give me heads. I'm not afraid of tentacles! I had the sliced filet migon with cippolini onions and wild mushrooms, finished with a 12 year balsamiq reduction. Perfect crust on the steak. The saltyness of the crust brought out the juices of the meat, when combined with the reduction, resulted in a fantastic melt-in-the mouth feel.  That being said, I wish it was a little more rare.She had the special, which was a lamb roulade filled with an herb cream cheese and wrapped in bacon. While this proved to be a winning combination of flavors, the lamb was slightly overcooked from medium rare. We got the lobster mac and cheese, which had huge chunks of lobster. The cheese was mascarpone, which resulted in a soupier mac, but it worked well with the lobster. We also got the french green beans with heirloom tomatoes, which while tasty, wasn't anything special. For dessert, we were brought an espresso chocolate flourless cake, finished with raspberry sauce & fresh raspberries. Rich and delicious.In the end, it was a fantastic meal. The Capital Grille is not the best steakhouse I've ever been to though, it is a very close second. I recommend in a heartbeat.As a p.s: The service was top notch. I even got a phone call the next day, wanting to know how the experience was. I have never gotten that kind of attention from a restaurant before, and I doubt it will happen again.
3	I went here with one of my friends for a yelp event back in January and it was amazing. Well I went back to try their $16 lunch plates(as we had a certificate from the yelp event) and was a little less than impressed. Let  me start with saying the service from our waiter Sergio was amazing, he did a great job with everything and was very nice he was also courteous to ask us if we had any time constraints for our meal so that he could acccomodate. Now let me start on the food. I ordered the clam chowder followed by the Mini tenderloin sliders with green beans. The clam chowder was mediocre nothing to write home about, the sirloin sliders were ok. While one of my sliders was cooked to the perfect medium rare as I had asked the other one was closer to medium well and a little charred. The green beans while they did have great flavor they were unfortunately not very hot. John ordered the clam chowder followed by the Wagyu Cheeseburger and truffle Fries. The cheeseburger was overcooked he has asked for a medium and it came out well, the fried egg on top was not cooked nearly enough if it were mine I wouldn't of been able to eat it because it looked way to slimey, the truffle fries were about the only thing that was tasty on his plate. Overall I feel that for the meal it was 5 star pricing for 3 star quality with again the exception of the service. Maybe for dinner they are much better but I probably will not be back to try.
4	I have always had a great meal here.
5	I took my friend to lunch for her birthday, and the entire experience was incredible.   A birthday card awaited at her place, "happy birthday" confetti was strewn on the table, PLUS the most charming waiter brought us complimentary glasses of champagne!  Also, dessert was comped.  The staff was attentive, but not intrusive or "cutesy", and did not seem to mind that we lingered.  The food, oh yes, we were there for lunch, was outstanding.  I will most certainly return.
1	I'm a little disappointed, it seems like I've eaten here before and it wasn't so bad.   The caesar salad dressing tasted mostly of mayo.  They cooked my medium steak pretty well, but turned out they had switched my friend's steak and mine and his was supposed to be medium rare.  I feel a steak restaurant should know how to cook a steak.  The mashed potatoes were lumpy.  They tasted ok, and did not feel pasty but could've used some kind of flavor.  The green beans were actually pretty good.  The salmon was cooked well but the citrus based sauce was a bit too sweet.  The sauce that came on the steaks was better, but didn't have much flavor.  The steaks themselves could've used a bit of salt and pepper.The creme brulee was pretty tasty as always but I wasn't a fan of the flourless espresso chocolate cake.  All in all, I don't think the experience and food is as put together as their competitors.  The waitress also seemed a bit joyless which didn't help the experience.  With so many better options, I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.  Maybe for lunch?
5	WoW! What a great meal we had last night!The boyfriend and I had date night at Capital Grill last night and also participated in Arizona Restaurant Week. I was excited because they were on the list and only $30. However I wont talk much about the price, as the food was so good, who cares how much is cost. I feel under charged. I love the location, the Biltmore is my fave! Easy parking, lovely staff and valet, just great. We parked in the metered lot, but you get 2 hours free with validation, easy. The hostess was just adorable, took us on the scenic route to our table; it was very busy at the time so we were avoiding a large party receiving their entrees. The wine list is extensive, anyone can find something they will love. The prices are very good! We got a bottle of the of an Italian red wine $30, it was great! We each started with a salad, a Cesar and a field green salad. I loved the field greens, the dressing on it was just perfect, peppery and light! He loved his Cesar. Then we both picked the fillet for our entree; to die for. First is was cooked exactly as we asked, and practically melted in my mouth. Delish! They came with mashed potatoes and green beans. Both excellent! Couldn't have made them better!Then..... my favorite part.... dessert! We got one of each to share; Creme Brule and Flour-less Espresso Chocolate Cake. I could literally eat that Creme Brule everyday of my life and it still wouldn't be enough. Amazeballs! The cake was very tasty, but being a flour-less cake is was incredibly rich, very good though!The service was excellent! Robert, our waiter, was perfect, right on top of everything, not too pushy, and read our table very well. Thank you Robert!We had a spectacular time. I would recommend them above all for a steak, date night, dessert, anything!
4	I consider myself fortunate enough to have had a business lunch here a few weeks back. The food was excellent. Steak and potatoes just what a man wants! It was very well done and finished with a 3 berry cheesecake. Worth the moolah!
5	Ok, I am totally breaking some of my general Yelp rules here...but I have to, because this place was so good. I generally don't give 5 stars on a first visit and I also don't generally give 5 stars to a chain restaurant, but this place really blew me away. The BF and I went here last night for Restaurant Week. We had actually just gotten our reservation because we had a res somewhere else but then had to be out til after the other place closed....lucky I guess. So anyway, we get there and there is complimentary valet (which I generally find annoying, but was nice last night because we were running late). We came into the restaurant and immediately felt welcome, everyone was very friendly. We were seated right away and our waitress, Sarah, came by to explain the menu. She was super friendly and helpful and really on top of things, so that was nice. Ok, the food: After being seated, they bring out an assortment of warm breads with softened butter. And I mean a real assortment: cracker type bread, a roll that looks like an everything bagel, delicious onion bread, and a wheat bread with raisins or some kind of fruit in it....each bread was delicious (take that Atkins!). The BF ordered a Manhattan ($11.50) and said it was 'damn good' and he is a regular Manhattan drinker, so I gotta believe it. So start, I had the french onion soup (on Sarah's recommendation) and the BF had the field greens. The soup was SO good. I generally am not a huge fan of french onion soup because it has a weird texture, but this one was full of flavor and had a ton of cheese on it. I literally was peeling cheese off the side of the bowl and eating it (I know, not so cool in a fancy restaurant...but it was so tasty!). The field green salad was light, with a flavorful, but subtle vinaigrette. It had several types of tomatoes on it, which the BF loved. For mains I had the filet mignon and the BF had the kona sirloin. They came with a little share plate of mashed potatoes and green beans. The sirloin was delicious...it had this amazing sauce on it (don't know what it was, but it has some great caramelized onions in it) and was cooked perfectly. The filet was equally good, it was simple, but cooked to perfection, it was melt in your mouth and had the perfect steak texture (no fat, gristle, anything weird feeling). I will say, the filet was even better with a little of the sauce from the sirloin, but I understand why the serve it the way they do (steak purists and all....). The mashed potatoes were divine. They were some of the most creamy, buttery mashed potatoes I have had. I wanted to lick the plate. The green beans were also delicious, very well seasoned and served with onions....yum! Now on to dessert- We shared the creme brulee and the chocolate espresso cake. Both were amazing.... When I had my first bite of the chocolate cake it was like the most intense chocolate explosion in my mouth. The espresso just adds to the intensity. I will say this, this is a dessert to be shared...it truly is too chocolatey (and large) for one person....and I love chocolate. The creme brulee was equally amazing, it was creamy with just a hint of crunch, but the most impressive part (to me anyway) was it had blackberries on it that had no seeds. What?!?! Where do I get these blackberries? They were phenomenal! At the end of the meal, Sarah went outside and had the valet bring our car around before we even left so we didn't have to wait....ummm, seriously awesome service. So, overall, the meal was excellent. I probably ate about 3000 calories....sorry thighs....but if I got to choose a place to destroy my diet, this would be it. The restaurant week deal was amazing too because my steak alone was 41$, but the whole meal was 30$ on special. Insanity. I would definitely come back again.
5	First off,  I went here during restaurant week.  Restaurant week is the greatest thing in the world because you get to eat at places like this for $30 a plate instead of the standard $50-$60.  That being said... this place is fantastic.  The meat is cooked perfectly, the french onion soup was great, and the creme brulee was the best I've ever had.  I've noted a few people say their meat was cooked improperly... I've never been one to send back food but at a steakhouse of this caliber, do so at anytime.  That being said.. please no wtf a medium rare steak looks like and what a medium well steak looks like.  Will be back.... during the summer when they have essentially the same deal if you dine after 8pm... otherwise the bills around here tend to look like car payments.
5	We visited CG recently for my husband's birthday and had a wonderful meal, top notch service and a really great time! The center of the table was dusted with birthday confetti when we arrived which was a nice touch. We started with a chopped salad which was the low point of the meal. It wasnt bad but it wasnt good either. I found myself jealous of the cesar salad that someone else had ordered because it looked much better. However, the rest of the meal was near perfect so let me move along. I decided to order a special- a filet topped with lumb crabmeat and red pepper hollandaise. WOW. It was so tasty! It was also smaller than the regular filet which turned out to be a good thing. We shared the au gratin potatos and the lobster mac and cheese and both were phenomenal! They were both very rich, and the potatoes were especially incredible. Even the sprinkling of crust on top tasted delicious! For dessert we shared the flourless chocolate cake and the creme brulee. I have honestly never tasted better creme brulee in my life. It was perfect! The cake was good too, and I'm not even a chocolate person. Our server took a picture of us after dinner and printed it for us, which was a very sweet thing to do. Thanks Capital Grill, just give the chopped salad a makeover.
2	I think our experience was amplified by the fact we were celebrating a birthday occasion. We had a reservation and a  "set up" table for the birthday girl. The service was ok, not great. Slower elderly server who took his time to come around and check on our meal. Food was also ok, not great, have had better for less $$$. Overall it's good, not great. Will not return, there are better restaurants to celebrate at that have better service, food and value. Notes to establishment: We are in our early 30's, it's DARK. Hire a livelier wait staff, update your menu from being too traditional and get with the times on cost value. Best Wishes.
5	We had a wonderful date night at The Capital Grille. We set reservations using OpenTable, for 7:00 P.M. Once we arrived right at 7:00 they had our table ready for us and sat us within a few moments. It was a pretty busy Saturday night, so I am glad that we set reservations. Once we were seated we were immediately greeted by our waiter, who was dynamite! My glass was never half empty, our orders were 100% correct, and they have a special Mascato Di Asti that is only available to Prime Restaurants and Resorts. I loved the wine and asked him where I could buy a bottle, he explained that it is rare and usually snagged up by restaurants and top resorts first, which happens with limited selections. Without asking, he went and asked the Restaurant Director, who then brought us over a bottle at a discounted price to take home. Amazing service!For an appetizer we ordered the Fresh Oysters, yummy! Excellent quality, cleaned, and great pairings. I am an avid steak guy and prefer my steaks either Blue Rare, Rare, Twice Seared, etc. So I ordered the Filet Oscar, Blue Rare and my steak was perfect! My wife ordered their Seared Tuna with Ginger Rice, which was excellent! You have to try their Lobster Mac and Cheese! WOWZA!!! We also ordered their Truffle French fries which were dynamite!For dessert we had the Coconut Cream Pie and the Cheesecake. Out of this world!!! This is a definite try for my upscale foodies.
1	I would give this Capital Grille location no stars if possible. I don't mean to be harsh, but I expect A LOT more out of restaurants that charge this much for their food. My mom, brother, boyfriend and I visited Capital Grille, mid-May, for an early birthday dinner for myself. We have never dined at a Capital Grille, but have been to the Palm several times, as well as BLT Steak restaurant group. This was our first experience and last one. We wasted almost $500 on this horrendous dining experience. Number one, we ordered a bottle of wine, it literally took our server, Ken, around 20 minutes to find the bottle of wine in their cellar. We were seated near the cellar where he was searching for the bottle, and watched him. At one point he became flustered and went to check on another table. Finally, he came to table with the wine. My brother and boyfriend started with the French Onion soup, it was decent, but overpriced for what it is. I started with the Lobster Bisque, which had to be sent back because it was cold and had butchered overcooked lobster floating on top. Ken returned with a proper bisque at the correct temperature, also decent but overpriced. My mom had the Spinach salad, very small portion, and the knife cuts were a joke. Mushrooms sliced at different widths, onions, some sliced thin, some sliced thick. Mediocre at best. We didn't even mention the salad until the end of the meal, when things had just become too much. The excuse we received was that this was the "corporate recipe", this is how corporate wants the vegetables sliced, in random different sizes, isn't it about presentation, especially when you pay this much? My brother ordered the Dry Aged Porterhouse, my mom ordered the Kona Crusted Dry Aged Bone In Sirloin, and I ordered the Delmonico. We also ordered their "signature" potato gratin, creamed spinach, and the Truffle Fries. Unimpressed in the quality and flavor of meat, I'm not sure if they were even serving Prime that day. Maybe a corporate decision? The gratin was a joke, topped with crushed potato flakes, seriously? Creamed spinach mediocre. The Fries were very good actually, but how can you mess up fries? The most disappointing and shocking moment is when Ken tried to argue with my boyfriend that the steak her ordered, the Dry Aged Steak Au Poivre, which he ordered rare, and came out medium, was rare, until he took to the kitchen and put it under the light. Then comes back to tell us that the salad is on them since we hated it, which my mom only said that it wasn't the best and it wasn't the worst spinach salad she has had. They gave us an on the house coconut cream pie to go. Which I took one bite when I got home and threw it away. Very disappointing when you spend this much money and receive this type of service and quality of food. We might as well set $500 on fire.
5	My second fav steak house!!
5	Conclusion: Top notch, great service and great food.The breakdown:  I would say a good dining experience is the sum of the food, the environment, and the service.So...the lady and I decided on a whim that the Capital Grille would be the AZ Restaurant pick of the evening. We went after late evening at work...my environment is pretty casual, so I was in t-shirt and shorts. Even on a Tu night it seemed the general atmosphere was business casual.  We were greeted and seated as soon as we came in and appeared no judgments were made. We then waited.  ....and waited.....and waited.  I was beginning to wonder if they didn't like my attire or something.  We noticed it seemed there was a huddle between the wait staff wondering who would take our table. Still no one.  I got up to use the rest room and when I got back my lady said they were bringing out some calamari on the house for our wait.  Sweet!  I generally don't care one anyone the other about calamari...but theirs was really good.  A bit of. A spice, a little kick...but quite tasty.  The waiter was extremely apologetic about our wait and was on top of everything afterwards.  I got the bone in sirloin, lady the filet.  Both were very tasty and cooked to our liking.  The mashed potatoes were delicious...creamy and buttery tasting.  Green beans tasty and crisp.  The espresso chocolate cake dessert...oh my was it rich.  A little chocolate sauce or more raspberry sauce would have been a welcome addition to the dollop of whip cream and raspberries but it was still tasty.. But the final action that really put the experience over the top was when the bill was supposed to come and instead the manager said dinner was on them.  They did not want to leave us with a bad experience (esp. considering it was our first time there.). I tried telling him this was unnecessary as they already more than made up for many issues.  They insisted...so the waiter ended up with a pretty good tip out of it.  That was all class though and made me feel quite good about our dining choice. The way they handled things and the food quality even prior to that would have gotten them at least 4 stars.  But the fact they have proven themselves a class act...that puts them over the top.  We will be back.
5	My family visited for my son's 30th birthday. The table was decorated and a card signed by all the employees addressed to my son was at his spot. The food was perfect from the lobster bisque to the trio of ice cream. It's a favorite place of ours.
4	Great steaks...good desserts even better service!
5	Dined here again last evening.  Food was exceptional in a very comfortable yet upscale setting.
5	Always fantastic food always fantastic service. Travis is a Fantastic Chef, and Brian and Bo are fantastic managers who always make you feel like your the most important people in the place. This is my favorite restaurant.
5	I wanted to get a killer steak and we found our way to The Capital Grille. I am usually a bit gun shy with these high-end restaurants because they often times don't live up to the hype. This was NOT teh case with The Capital Grille! We made a reservation and were seated promptly. Our server was super personable and not snotty in the least bit, as I've experienced in the past with some of the high-end steakhouses. We were promptly sat and presented with menus and a drink menu. They had an extensive wine by the glass list and bottle list. WE started with the calimari with spicy peppers and pimento. Great dish, perfectly cooked fried calimari tossed with spicy peppers and garlic butter. i went with the house special, Kona crusted steak  (I switched the traditional sirloin for Delmonico) with shallot butter. Awesome, Awesome, Awesome! We also ordered the cream corn with bacon (most of the veggies, you can get in half orders and that's PLENTY for two people). The wife just had a cup of chowder and a great spinach salad with bacon, onions and bacon vinaigrette. All in all, great meal and awesome service. I can't wait to go back!
4	The capital grille never fails!  The lobster and crab stuffed shrimp is absolutely amazing and the parmesan truffle fries are to die for!  The service is always top notch and they are on top of refills.  The valet out front is awesome and of course the overall atmosphere is great.
5	Fabulous food, drinks and atmosphere in spite of the sky-high prices.
4	Adhering to my new rule of never yelping until I've been somewhere more than once... Last night was our second time at the Capital Grille. Love it! Will be a go to date night place for sure. 5 Star - Service -  As good as I've had anywhere I've been. Maybe better. Which in Arizona might make it 6 star service considering the norms here.  5 Star - Atomosphere - Beautiful old school decor. A real "white table cloth" kind of place. Warm and inviting, quiet and comfortable. 4 Star - Food - Better than anything I've had in Arizona but not as good as several meals I've had in Portland/NYC/San Diego etc...So can't give it 5 stars. It's good, but for the price it should be AS GOOD as anything anywhere. Therefore the overall 4 star instead of 5 rating. Wine list - I'm not great at evaluating wine lists compared to a true wineologist (you know what i mean). I only care if they have what I like and they do. So 5 star wine for me. Can't say enough about the service though. Really really wonderful at every level.
5	I was very impressed with the Capital Grille. I just visited for my first time and had a great experience.The service was top notch. The waiter was very helpful and always there whenever we needed anything. A manager even came by to check on us a couple of times. The valet recognized us and got our car quick when it was time to go. I can not recall the last time I had such excellent service.We ordered a lot of food and shared with each other and I have to say that everything I tried was really good. I am usually not a steak person, but the steak here was probably the best steak I have ever had.The only thing I really didn't like was that this restaurant was so expensive, but you get what you pay for, so I am sure that their prices were fair and reasonable, because both the food and service were outstanding.
5	Last night, my husband and friends dined at this location.  From the valet to hostess to server, we have never had a more enjoyable experience at a restaurant.  It was truly a VIP experience!  Our server, Ricky Reyes, thought of every detail - was attentive but not intrusive, knowledgeable and generous.  He was remarkable.  We were in the restaurant past closing and were never once pressured (or even aware) that we were the last patrons.  Each member of the team in (and out) of the restaurant were absolutely amazing.
5	Top notch food and top notch service.  That is what you get at Capital Grille.A few notes:* The shrimp cocktail sauce lacks the kick of Mastro's "atomic" horseradish sauce and is blahhhhhhhh.* I ordered the Delmonico steak which was awesome but I should not have gotten the porcini sauce/rub because I don't think balsamic vinegar belongs anywhere near a steak IMHO.* Au Gratin potatoes had a wee too much garlic* Lobster mac n' cheese = PHENOMENALAnyway, I wish I could eat here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day if money or having a heart attack wasn't an issue.
5	The wegde salad is wonderfully blue cheesy and always enjoy the entrees.  Also love there sorbets.
5	Love appetizers and drinks at the Capital bar!  The calamari with peppers is excellent, and you can't beat their signature pineapple infused vodka (Stoli Doli) martini! The staff is friendly and attentive. If you like a steakhouse with a warm wood ambiance and outstanding food, this is the place for you!
5	The Capital Grille has never done me wrong.My husband and I came here to celebrate our marriage on Valentine's Day.  We had a wonderful surprise with a champagne toast,  along with their chocolate torte for dessert.  To die for.My husband had never been to a Capital Grille before.  So, when I ordered the lobster mac and cheese, he was skeptical because he is a health food nut.  But, when he was wanting to eat the leftovers cold the next day,  I knew he totally loved it!I had the filet, medium rare, cooked to perfection.My husband had the sirloin, also cooked to perfection.Laura was our server, and she was fantastic.The manager greeted us at the table and made sure we were happy with our service and our meal.I have had this treatment at every Capital Grilled location I have been to.  You cannot go wrong at this place.  Its the perfect restaurant to celebrate a special occasion.
1	We went to the location on Scottsdale Road last night. My husband went to one in Minneapolis a week ago and raved about how good it was and he wanted to take me to the one here. We were very disappointed in our appetizer and meal. We ordered the scallops entree for our appetizer and they were sandy. Our steaks were just okay and the crab I had on my Filet Oscar was very strong. I am hoping it didn't come out of a can. Our side was creamed spinach but it should have been called garlic spinach because they put a whole bulb of garlic in it. I LOVE spinach and I couldn't eat it. I had high hopes of a long over due date night with a delicious meal but we were let down. We won't be giving this restaurant another try; too many mistakes for the price.
4	We have a fabulous meal at the Capital Grille...so many options and all delicious...our only complaint is that the wine we ordered was listed as a 2008 and it arrived as a 2010..we were told that was what they had and no price difference.  It was very young..but we drank it anyway....
5	Flawless service and reasonably priced gourmet cuisine are the hallmark of this fine establishment. I love it here.My Delmonico was absolute perfection, as was the bernaise sauce along with the sides.My date had the lobster and crab stuffed shrimp, which if you think about it, is the oceanic equivalent of turducken. Not that I'd ever eat turducken, but her ordering this dish caused me to rethink my entire value system. Maybe turducken is in my short-term future, who knows. Which causes me to wonder why it's ok to stuff a tiny little shrimp with a bevy of other larger crustaceans in the first place. The turkey I get. It's a big motherfucker, capable of stuffing practically any other fowl inside of it. But a shrimp? If anything, they should stuff it with smaller crustaceans, like krill or something.Anyways, I forgot what I was talking about. Oh yeah, Capital Grille.There are a lot of older people in here. One old woman in the booth next to ours was coughing up shit all through dinner which really sucked. I turned and gave her the skunk-eye, as if to say; 'Hey bitch, take your phlegmmy-ass outside and let me enjoy my meal', but she shot me a look right back, saying; 'Hey you little wad, I've got more money than anyone in this place and if I so choose, I'll dredge up as much phlegm as I want...now piss off and stop staring at me.'All things considered, our meal was really good except for Sputum Queen in the next booth. I hope she gets pneumonia if she doesn't already. Bitch.
5	Went here for Easter brunch.  Thankfully someone knew that they do brunch for holidays since they do not show it on their website.  The brunch was spectacular!  Shrimp, crab, raw oysters, carving station with cuts of meat so tender no knife was needed.  The dessert choices kept kids and adults quite happy.  Some in our party took advantage of the personalized omlettes and loved them.  No one had room for the lobster eggs Benedict.Absolutely going back again.
5	Excellent - great service and good (not great) food. I'd recommend it.
5	I am a big fan of Capital Grille all across the States.  I have eaten at this location a number of times including two times this week.  Sarah, Kevin and Methune are fantastic.  The food is always top notch including the new menu items.  Tonight, Sarah provided exceptional service and charm that added value to my experience.  Kevin and Methune also provided quality service earlier this week.  Fantastic!
4	Husband and I went here for date night.  It's hard to go wrong with Capital Grille, but after a bad experience at the Scottsdale location, when went back to the Biltmore location.  The food and service were amazing.  The waiter took great care of us.  We had oysters for an appetizer with some Alaskan king crab and then split the lobster bisque and wedge salad and split the Filet Oscar - our favorite entree on the menu.
5	The Capital Grille is amazing - we made reservations on Sat night for our 2 year anniversary - when we arrived our table had rose petals along with a personalized card wishing us a happy anniversary. The service and food were amazing. We certainly received royal treatment! Thank you for making our anniversary super special!
5	Impressed with the service, food and atmosphere! Between the amazing food and great employees I have nothing but great things to say about this place!My husband loves the lobster mac and cheese.. and he is not a picky eater.. so I was expecting it to be so so but man let me tell you... its AMAZING. A must have for mac and cheese lovers!We sat at the bar tonight and both the bartenders were awesome! Very attentive and friendly. I like when servers actually get to know their customers.. I work in the industry so I pay attention to detail and that's huge to me! I will definitely be back to this location mainly for the awesome service I I recieved at the bar tonight!
5	I absolutely love this restaurant. The first experience I had at Capital Grille was in Los Angeles at the Beverly Center. From that moment on this was my FAVORITE restaurant. The food and service at any location is superb. I always get the rack of lamb with macaroni and cheese (no lobster) and their creamy bacon corn! This food will have your mouth watering every time you think about it! I went to this particular location on Valentine's Day with my husband. Everyone from the front desk hostess to the bartender and waiter was phenomenal! To have your service just as spectacular as the food is a win win combination. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and very intimate. They have a killer wine list and your waiter will break everyone of them down for you! Capital Grille is a 5 star dining experience for sure! I recommend anyone to try it at least once!
4	Let's face it: This is a paleo-conservative restaurant, right down to the prominent portrait of Barry Goldwater looking out over the dining room.This is a place to take the other members of the board to discuss serious matters pertaining to corporate governance. There is nothing silly or frivolous in it. The lights are just bright enough to underline the respectability of it all. In short, the decor has got the sort of overstuffed-leather-chair solidity that compliments the stern quality of the offerings. The lunch specials are a good value at about $16 bucks for a variety of high-quality plates. Service is something close to splendid. This place makes you want to become a member of the military-industrial complex.
5	Where to start with this review?  I will first start with the wonderful greeting at the door by the hostesses.  I am temporarily in a wheel chair and they just couldn't be quick enough to make sure we were able to get into the door without it being awkward for me.  We had a reservation so we were immediately seated, in a very comfortable spot where my chair wouldn't inconvenience other diners.  That is very important to me, because when I go out to dine, the last thing I want is for my experience to be ruined because of other diners not being considerate. Next, we were greeted by our server Ken, who by the way happens to be about one of the best servers I think I have ever encountered in this type of establishment.  That isn't to say that our local haunts that we frequent often are not just as good because they are, but this is about this particular experience.  Ken was extremely knowledgeable about their very extensive wine list and very knowledgeable about the specials and how things in the kitchen were prepared.The first thing we ordered were the lobster and crab cakes. We asked if they were more meat than breading and he informed us that they were very meaty and he wasn't exaggerating.  I have a very hard time eating much especially if bread is involved.   These were amazing.  I ordered the double bone lamb chops med rare and they came out perfectly, perfectly seasoned and were very good.  My husband ordered the steak delmonico (spelling) and he ordered it med rare also (there is no point in eating it any other way)  Well Ken actually suggested that my husband order this steak medium because of the way the marbling cooked, and so it was ordered medium and he was not steered wrong.  With that we shared the lobster mac & cheese, and wow, just wow.  I am not a lobster lover by any stretch because I've always found it to taste like dirt and be very tough.  I guess the difference here is claw meat rather than a tail. Whatever the difference was, we absolutely loved it.  The only issue of the whole night was SO MUCH FOOD. That isn't a bad thing, we have a teen at home, and how many teens get rack of lamb as a doggy bag?  We did take home some desserts to share with the young one.  Now to praise the management team.  It isn't all that unusual for managers to come to your table and ask how your meal is, but I have to say that Torri and Bow went out of their way to make sure we were having a wonderful experience, and we noticed that it seemed to be just the way of doing business at the Capital Grille.  It is so nice to be just an average joe and feel like you are a VIP on a night out.  So a personal thank you to both of them for making us feel so special. In short, you can't go wrong here.  Excellent service, excellent food that is quite frankly just as simple as it gets, and beautifully done.  A peeve of mine is having a bunch of useless stuff on my plate that just gets thrown away.  Plating can be beautiful without all that, and the Capital Grille has that down.
5	Best bar in town! I am very particular about my Martinis.......the bartendes at CG know their s**t. Add that to great food and awesome location......can't beat evening! !
5	We came here once for the Mothers Day brunch and were really, really wowed by the indescribably delicious food and impeccable service. Everything -- every single detail was flawless.  The prime rib and the lobster eggs benedict just sent us swooning, and that was before we hit the desserts.  Fabulous restaurant, and I'm hoping my sons will take me there again.  It's awfully pricey for their wallets, so maybe not.  But if your budget allows it, this is one terrific place to dine.
5	I have quite literally been to steak houses around the world and all the big chains - Mortons, Ruth Chris, Smith and Wollensky, etc.  and nothing compares to Capital Grille.  Our favorite one is in Vegas, across from the Wynn hotel.  This has the best views and the best vibe.  We patronize the Scottsdale location (bigger and different vibe), but we have been to Biltmore which appears a bit more quaint. The calamari app is fantastic, the Stoli Doli is by far the best martini ever, and the filet Oscar is to die for.  Trust me - go to capital grille if you want the best steak and dinner on the planet.  Dinner for you and your lady will be $300, but it will be a dinner well remembered.
1	This restaurant is for the rich kids that had never eaten any other fine food in the world other than steaks : ) Pricy steak (cow that is not even organically raised). Salmon that is farm raise(Atlantic). The steak that is almost tasteless. Veggies that are plain but buttery. The server was kind of racist (only asked what my white friend wants to drink, didn't ask me, and then brings me water). The only good thing about this place is the interior itself. The dinner alone was 83 dollars(split amount 3 people). If you have friends that want to get you there please steer them away because both of your stomach and wallet will leave unsatisfied.
5	I love the Capital Grille, I love the Dining after Dark special offered by Capital Grille in the sumertime even more. The deals offered if you eat after eight at night any night of the week during the summer are mind boggling. The food is excellent, the service is even better. The Capital Grille's server named Sergio delivers a first class expierence to a tee. I would highly recomend requesting him if you decide to eat here for a special occasion.
5	i don't eat meat. however, during this recent Yelp Elite event, Capital grill was one of the stops on a feasting fancy. i was impressed at how professional, in demeanor and dress code this establishment presented itself. also impressive was how informative the exec chef and the restaurants managers presentation of their meat offerings were. highly recommended for the serious meat eater.
3	We went for our anniversary and the service started out as impeccable. There were roses on our table with a nice Happy Anniversary card. We were offered a complimentary champagne toast. So far we were very impressed.We were offered fresh bread which was yummy and ordered a salad to split. The salad was okay, but not fantastic. My husband had ordered the Kona Sirloin and I had ordered the Filet MIgnon. Up to the main course, the service had been quick and we expected the same from the steaks. We waited and waited and waited.Finally the steaks arrived and neither of us were impressed. I had ordered Medium Rare Plus because I like it nice and pink, but not red. It was too rare for my liking and the outside was more charred than I care for. My husband's sirloin was too rare and he liked my filet more. The sides we ordered were very good. I had the creamed corn which was wonderful. My husband really enjoyed his mashed potatoes.They offered us dessert. We chose peach sorbet which was yummy. Then we waited again for our bill. Overall, it was a decent meal and while the service started off outstanding, it declined as the meal progressed. Honestly, I have had better steaks elsewhere.
4	There are few must haves on the menu, but don't save room for dessert, take a few desserts to go for later at home or save them for breakfast. As could be expected, the filet mignon is amazing and always prepared as ordered. One special note is to look for the dark brown bread containing sweet white raisins in the free bread basket. That bread is something to seek out by itself.One incredible appetizer is the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella. Every bite leaves you wanting one more.And take home some dessert. You will be happy you did.
1	I have gone to Capital Grille over the years in other locations and have always had a nice experience but the Biltmore location gets a "D" in my book!!!!The bar area and bartender were friendly and attentive :) so that part was great! The dining experience was TERRIBLE!!!!  The waiter was not only very rude, he constantly forgot simple things and was totally unattentive... so after 5 things and 2 hrs into dinner we requested the manager who was just the same and sarcastic on top of everything else! For a $300.00 meal that was average at best. Thank goodness the company I was with was wonderful!!!! Too many other choices to be treated the way we were :( I was so disappointed that I wrote corporate headquarters! To be continued when I hear back from them!!!!
4	Great steaks, deep wine selection and great service - highly recommended.
5	Brian and Jeannie are the best bartenders! We came in on a Thursday night and were just planning on drinks, but were drawn in by the incredibly decadent menu. We ordered the lobster mac and cheese, (which is not for the faint of heart) and also the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes.  The couple next to us ordered burgers and a wedge salad that I definitely can't wait to come back and try. My only complaint is that they needed to stock up on Tito's vodka for their martinis.
5	The Kona Steak was the best. Accompanied by perfectly cooked green beans and mouth watering, I can't stopping eating, mashed potatoes.The interior decor is classic, warm and welcoming. This is the place to come for dinner or simply cocktails or the "to die for" flour less chocolate cake.
5	Amazing experience! Great Great service! Highly recommend! Amazing martini service/pour.  Bountiful wine pours with their samplings.  Food was to die for.  If you want service, decor, and food, I would highly recommend.
5	Amazing experience!  Great Great service!  Highly recommend! Great martinis and generous pours on the wine samplings. Service a was perfect!
5	Excellent dinner, with superb service.  Our waiter Taylor provided the perfect combination of being attentive, yet not over bearing.  Even had the valet pull our cars as we settled the tab.  Very nice touch.
4	Kettle One Martini's with Blue Cheese Olives, Medium Rare Steak and a dark bar! Yeah, there is a pretty good chance you will find me in a place like this. I am drooling as I write this review. The Capital Grille at the Biltmore is the perfect place to take a break from shopping. Sit at the bar and have a couple cocktails and some calamari and you will be ready for some more shopping with the gf. Could be dangerous shopping if you have one too many FYI.
3	Great Service, but just above average food.  We had a large group of 14 and service was perfect.  Quick drink orders, refills, food delivery and over the top attention.Food was nothing special for the price.  I have been to many steak houses of the same level and there was no comparison in food.  I ordered the Kona Sirloin.  Tasted good, but the cut was not cooked to order (med rare) and tough.  I found out later that I was not the only person that was disappointed with their meal.  Sides were good, but no different than a mid-tier restaurant at half the price.Drinks were ok.  For a high-end steak house I would have expected a better, more rare bourbon list.  Wine was interesting and good.  If I was with a smaller group I would have sent the steak back, but timing was an issue.Would recommend trying another steak house.
5	Sublime!!!   The service was beyond belief, our waiter Ken was charming,  attentive and very knowledgeable .  The food was perfection...loved every dish we had, from the crab cakes and lamb chops to the flourless chocolate cake and cheesecake. It was an adventure in dining and a memorable evening.  All at our table will be back!
5	It's a chain, and it's not that close to Glendale.Not at all what I wanted, nor did I speak up when when Capital Grille was suggested.I'm a "go with the flow" kind of guy and since we were grabbing cabs I knew in an instant that a gin drink was in my near future.There are Capital Grilles everywhere. LIKE I MEAN EVERYWHERE!New York, DC, Denver you name it. But my friends love it. Why? Because it isn't Ruth Chris.Is Ruth Chris a suckfest? No, not ever. But Capital Grille has a way of making each of it's locations a little more unique.This one has the most uniqueness than ever.Excellent attentive service. Ketchup with your steak? Sure, they won't judge. Lobster mac n cheese with chunks of lobster you can actually see (without the aid of a microscope), umm yeah and it's good.Gin martini's? Oh Boy.I bookmarked a local spot, but ok I walked away feeling like steak greatness was found.
5	I would recommend that you try the lamb chops or Filet Oscar if you've never been here.  The carpaccio is also a must try.  Never had this dish before but it made me love the stuff.  They have a huge selection of wine to choose from and the ambience is very relaxed with dim lighting and jazz music playing in the background.  I always come back because they never disappoint.
4	We're from out of town and  came here thinkiing it was your typical grill type restrauant.  We realize right away when we entered and saw the decor that we had made a mistake.  So much for not noticing the dollar signs on Yelp.  However we made the best of the situation.  We skipped drinks and dessert.  The main entrees were delicious.  The service was amazing!  They were so attentive.  If we ever have a special occasion, this is a place we will choose.
5	Food was great! The main lobster is so tender and the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella is amazing with the balsamic glaze. Although, what made my experience unlike any other was because our waiter, Ricky, was so attentive, personable, and generous!!!
4	Free valet parking. Nice touch. Had the stoli Doli, very smooth. You need to try it. Calamari with cherry peppers , nice variation.  A new favorite. Filet was cooked just how I love it. The sides weren't as big as other steak houses, less to go around. Overall, a very nice experience.Yes pricey but some things you need to try.   This is one of them.
4	Great food, ate here earlier, kind of pricey for my wallet, but tasty as can be :)
4	This review is only for holding an event here, not an individual dining experience.  Prefixe menu had good choices and food was good, not amazing but really good for a big group of about 25-30. The group was very high maintenance and the staff and servers did a stellar job serving and taking care of special needs. Service was too long, but not sure if that was intentional and they did nail the meals so I won't deduct points. They did a overall great job managing the event, would go back.
5	great steaks and servoce
5	Based simply on the dessert... the MOST AMAZING and now my ultimate favorite dessert of anyplace, ever - the coconut cream pie. I do not love coconut, and I do not love coconut cream pie - but there is something utterly amazing about this dessert that doesn't make me think of coconut. A great crust with soft filling, then cream on top, drizzled with something amazing and a thin wafer-cookie thing added. I realize this post is not doing this amazing dessert justice, but I highly encourage you to try it!!
5	Just had one of the absolute best meal experiences in recent memory. I had the filet with shallot butter glaze......cooked to perfection, extremely tender and flavorful!Kelly, our server, was knowledgable, professional,  efficient and friendly. Just a great meal, great service and great atmosphere!
5	Amazing! The food was divine, the lobster mac n cheese rendered me wordless.  Coconut cream pie for dessert is a must. The service was great, our server was very knowledgeable. I would highly recommend this gem of a restaurant if you are visiting Phoenix.
5	Visited the Capital Grill for a wonderful valentine's dinner.   Starting with a drink at the bar, we were quickly informed that our table was ready.  Unlike most spots these days, they insisted that we not close out our bar tab and instead transferred it to our table so that we didn't have to hassle with it.   I was pleasantly surprised since it seems so many places now do not want to do that even if they can.  That said, I can no longer remember what my girlfriend and I had for dinner, as it has been almost three months since we were there, but I can say that it was all excellent.  My initial review, when I started writing it, was to be 5 stars, and my memory of the evening (even though I can't remember the specifics) remains 5 stars.  This was an excellent choice for our V Day dinner, highly recommend.  I really don't think you can go wrong with Capital Grill.
5	A nearly perfect dinner. My husband and I took my meat and potato loving parents to Capital Grille for restaurant week. The service was impeccable. Our waiter was knowledgable and very accommodating. I don't eat meat and hate salmon which were the options for restaurant week. He got me bass.It was so good. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection. . The lobster mac and cheese was great as a side. It was creamy and not fishy. The calamari appetizer was perfect. It had peppers which made it spicy. My husband and parents got the prime rib and said it was great. The meal was expensive but worth it.
4	My wife and I went here during restaurant week. I had been wanting to go here and give them a try and this was the incentive I needed.Our waiter Jorge was one of the best waiters I have ever had. He gets 5 stars. He was never in the way. He came to your table when you needed something almost like he was reading your thoughts. He was no where around but when I dropped a fork, he was there with another fork in 30 seconds. If you go you probably can't get the waiter you want but if you can ask for Jorge. You will be very pleased.During restaurant week they have some set menu items for a set amount of dollars. Of course you can still get what you want off the regular menu. I don't remember the cut of beef I got but I got a steak and my wife got a Filet. She said hers was very good. I got mine rare. Most places think when you order rare you really want medium rare. They did cook the meat exactly the way I like, a little fleshy in the center. My steak was good but not excellent. A little tough. We ordered the green beans. This was a huge disappointment. I am not sure where this started but green beans need to be mature and cooked, not picked before there is a bean in it and warmed up. Yes I know this seems to be the way you get them everywhere. I was raised where you go into the garden, pick the beans, string the beans, break them into 1 to 1.5 inch pieces. When cooked they are to die for. But now everyone seems to think a immature half cooked bean is the way to fix them. The potatoes were good and our deserts were good. If they knew how to cook green beans they might of got 5 stars. Have a great day enjoy good food.
5	I really love this Capital Grille! This location at Biltmore has always been spot on. Made a reservation for our anniversary here the night before Valentines Day. We arrived about 10 minutes early and our car service was met with awesome valet guys. We sat at the bar and had pre-dinner cocktails. I've always been treated so well at this particular Capital Grille from valet to valet. I love that when your table is ready they take your tab and your drink for you to your table. This night was our anniversary of a year and our table had rose petals scattered all over it. How nice is that?! We started with a seafood tower. It's our one year and hey, relationships these days that last, deserve pomp and treats! Well.. We like bubbles and food! This seafood tower was divine and we aren't large people; as soon as it arrived, I knew we were in over our heads! Oh well, you only live once .. Spend well! Next we both ordered the filet mignons. My go to steak. I know they do it right and perfect it was this night. We opted for the mashed potatoes and a salad, as well. I think we both had two bites and were stuffed! Our waiter was spot on perfect. So friendly, you can see why Capital Grille is one of the top notch steak houses. He suggested the perfect merlot to pair our filet with and even brought us a complimentary vodka Stoli vanilla cream cordial after dinner drink, just because! As if we weren't stuffed enough and had not been spoiled by the staff enough on our special night, out comes a dessert tray with a chocolate cursive writing of, ' Happy Anniversary!', around several small dessert samplings. So wonderful! I love a classy restaurant like this that loves it's customers and shows it this way. It's a splurge and it's worth it, every single time! Oh.. We even got two little truffles in a cute little Capital Grille box to take home :-)
5	How have I not written a review for The Capital Grille until now? Three words: Coconut Cream Pie. I'm not even a fan of coconut or these types of desserts, but whatever they put in this dessert is addicting. It's the combination of creamy coconut filling, with a flaky yet soft crust and then the very best part is the caramel. I could eat an entire serving on my own. So whatever you do, don't stuff yourself too much on the delicious steak so you miss out on this dessert!Now on to the rest of the meal. This Capital Grille has a great location, very friendly staff and a great environment...not to mention the amazing food! Not only do they have a large selection of comfortable booths, but they also have a private room in the back that's perfect for hosting a large group. I've been to a luncheon in the private room before and it was very comfortable. The steak here is top quality and fresh! It's tender to the touch and better with each bite. I absolutely love their Lobster Mac N Cheese along with their Au Gratin potatoes. Get both and happily roll out of their like I do! My favorite meal consists of a the Capital Grille chopped salad, the Filet Oscar (topped with crab meat), sharing the Lobster Mac and Au Gratin and completing the gluttonous experience with the Coconut Cream Pie. It's worth every calorie and then some. Important Notes:- They serve lunch and often do amazing three course lunch specials. - During the summer, they do dining after dark which means they offer a special prix fix menu starting after 8 PM that includes an appetizer, two entrees, two drinks and dessert all for $50!- Make a reservation, especially on weekends and during the busy season. A special fun fact: - I learned an amazing piece of information about their giving. Every day, they give away all the left over food to a local charity, so no food goes to waste!
5	The perfect food, perfect location, perfect ambiance, perfect service all makes for the perfect experience. Hands down one of the most classiest and customer service oriented restaurants I have ever been to. We were on our way to a concert and decided to get a bite before at a nice restaurant. Drove past the Cheesecake Factory and thought I wanted to try something different. As we were riding through the parking lot confused I just pulled up in this valet parking and said lets go and eat.WOW did we stumble upon a gem. Upon walking in, we were greeted with a list of hosts who made us feel very welcomed. I was taken back by the decor and the surrounding of a vast array of vintage wines. Everything about this place is first class. The service, the food, and setting. I ordered the Delmonico Steak and it was seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection. As a order my steaks medium rare the quality of meat is priority, and the Delmonico did not disappoint. It is melt in your mouth quality steak. The prices were what you would expect from a restaurant like that, however it is actually competitive with other prime steakhouses in the valley but you do not get this level of service. Must visit Steakhouse for 2014!
5	One of the best American Steakhouses. This is the second time I've been to this location, and I always leave feeling cared for. Pricey as hell, but well worth it. The food and service are impeccable.
4	If you want good quality food, this is the place for you.  However, be prepared to spend a pretty penny.  Just to be apart of their "locker club", which just stores your favorite wines (that you have to pay for in addition to the locker fee), it costs $300. This is meant for snooty types that like to impress people. Anyway, I've been able to sample some of their food, no expense to me THANK GOODNESS, and everything was delicious.  It is like they have someone singing sweet lullabies and nurturing each plate of food in the back.  If you get a chance, book their cozy back room for a private party. I believe the booking is free. Can you believe that?? Or maybe I'm wrong.
5	Excellent food and service.
4	Celebrated dropping our son off for college with his mother's birthday. Our server Carolann was delightful. She delivered complimentary champagne and dessert. We will be repeat customers!
5	High quality in both service and food. How do they not have 5 stars? Some people are just too picky... I'd hate to see how they act at Chili's. Anyway,  came here for a work lunch today and could not have been more impressed. The size of their shrimp for the shrimp cocktail was more than adequate,  they were fresh, and the cocktail sauce was deeelicious. Had the Mediterranean salad which I also thoroughly enjoyed. They were very generous with the servings of the chicken on top- it was hot, moist,  and sliced thin enough to be enhance the salad but not too thin where it was skimpy. Loved the pickled red peppers and heirloom tomatoes as a twist, too. Feta was fresh and the dressing was great.  Dessert: coconut cream pie and creme brulee. Both were fantastic. I don't normally like coconut, and I had 2 helpings! Service: great, great, great, and even had a nice chat with the new manager. Scottsdale location is closer, but I'd definitely like a "next time"... my husband's birthday is coming up!
5	For the past 10 years, The Capital Grille has been still our all time favorite! One can never beat the service, great classic menu and the ambience of the Phoenix/Camelback restaurant is the best!
3	Food is great here, best steaks around. Service is lagging, they are very attentive at the beginning but never came back long after the main course was finished by everyone. Additionally, we had a large party of 10 , ordered two bottles of wine and without asking they opened two additional bottles and kept pouring. Watch your bill at this restaurant.
5	We had a fabulous anniversary dinner at The Capital Grille. Everyone was so amazing in helping us enjoy our special day. We were seated at a secluded booth with an anniversary card and heart confetti on the table. We started with the signature calamari, always a favorite. My husband enjoyed the classic Caesar salad with shaved Parmesan and crunchy croutons while I enjoyed the spinach salad with large pieces of bacon, feta, mushrooms and purple onions. At Robbie, our waiters recommendation, I ordered the special, a 16 ounce bone in filet. I have never seen this on a menu before. WOW! It was superb. We finished the evening with a cappuccino and an anniversary dessert plate. We recommend The Capital Grille for any special occasion.  We will be back again soon.
5	We had an amazing dining experience here for our anniversary. The service was impeccable and the food was expertly prepared and presented. They have a nice wine list with plenty of options. We tried the caesar salad, french onion soup, seared tuna, filet mignon with gorgonzola, as well as the cheesecake, espresso cake, and chocolate hazelnut cake. It was some of the best food we've ever had and the experience was over the top.
5	My husband and i spent his birthday Tuesday night with Ricky. The service and suggestions were amazing-we loved the wine and splitting the delmonico with two different preparations. Outstanding service, enthusiasm and a great experience with Ricky.
5	Amazing dinner and service!  Filet was cooked perfectly.  If you are celebrating a special night and a meat eater - Go there you won't be disappointed.
4	I'm a vegetarian and was invited to a party at this restaurant. The veg. pasta was amazing and the appetizers and desserts were amazing!!! I can only imagine what the meat tasted like but everyone loved it.
4	Great place for a great meal. Lobster mac and cheese was great. Ordered a Brussels sprout salad and when it came I thought they made a mistake and brought me a spinach salad. The server said it was a Brussels sprout salad but there were no Brussels sprouts to be seen or tasted. Seems they chop them up and did not include very many so the other ingredients over powered them. I told the server if they were going to call it a Brussels sprout salad then the Brussels sprouts should be the star of the show. The chef added more and re mixed my salad and it was wonderful.
5	Gorgonzola Filet was phenomenal & my Dad enjoyed his turkey dinner last night! Terry was our server and he was great! Definitely asking for him next time we go!!
4	The menu is solid. I came from the brussels sprouts and the fact that they had sorbeto on the menu. Seriously. But the lamb chops were excellent and the service was outstanding too. The mozzarella and tomato salad was also healthy portioned. So yeah, it's not a local restaurant but we went on a holiday so that changed the landscape a bit. It's certainly a fancy pants spot, but not in the way that it felt so haughty that you couldn't endure being in there, as the bar had televisions broadcasting the football games and lots of ample chatter going on too.I'm largely rating for the service, because I'm not usually one to post reviews for chains, but I had a good meal experience here and appreciated their attention to detail throughout the entire meal.
4	Always a god choice. Last time I was there I got the steak tar tar and it was fabulous! The only downfall is that they have no beers on draft and not too many in bottles either, but they have really good cocktails. Good, fun place for a date but I usually go with my dad and just sit at the bar. The bar is also a god place to have a business meeting. They have my favorite little candies everywhere.
5	Awesome service, delicious food and great atmosphere. It's pricy, but worth every penny. The food was delicious. I had bites of the lobster mac and cheese, oysters, lobster with butter sauce and brussel sprouts. My filet was cooked medium rare to perfection and we ended with multiple desserts. The cheesecake was to die for!We were in a group, but everyone could be heard and no one had to yell. Sometimes it's hard to be in a group for dinner, but it was effortless at this restaurant. Multiple servers helped us and I would go back over and over again.I highly recommend!
5	Sure, it's a chain steak house. But that doesnt stop it from being being one of the best steakhouses you can find in certain cities. This location is excellent.We had the calamari to start off, which comes served with hot peppers that give it an usual, but welcome kick. I then had a cup of the lobster bisque, which was excellent and included very generous chunks of lobster meat. They bring you a hot cup of the bisque, and then pour some sherry into it for you after they put it on the table. Many bisques include sherry but I liked how adding it after it is already on the table adds to the presentation. I had a dry aged, kona crusted, filet for an entree (Bone-in). The steak was prepared medium, as I requested. This was a great steak, the rub gave it a nice flavor, and they brought out a nice shallot butter sauce with it. We ordered the South African lobster tail as a side. This is the best lobster I've had yet, it has a distinct sweetness to it that I hadn't previously experienced. If you get a chance to eat south african lobster, don't pass it up!Service was pretty good, very knowledgeable and attentive. Nice atmosphere.5/5 all around
4	Came to a holiday party here. The wait staff was top notch and very fast and friendly.  Banquet room was beautiful. Our event was a great deal of fun. As a vegetarian I typically don't expect much out of planned menus. This was even less than lowered expectations. The soup was clam chowder, no plain salad options. Not offered when I indicated why I couldn't eat the soup. So skip that. The "vegetarian" options was a  "chef's vegetarian selection". So of course I inquired... Yep described as "a big pile of grilled vegetables" hummm... So no sides? Just plop a pile and call it a day?  Wow. Impressive. I can skip that. Chocolate cake? Ok I'm down, ordered coffee both very tasty
5	I've only been here once, but it was excellent.I had an extremely succulent order of crab legs with butter.  They were outstanding.  I also shared some of the best mashed potatoes I've ever had in my life!I pondered dinging them a star on price, but you get what you pay for.  Know going into this place that it's an expensive steakhouse.  Disclaimer: I wasn't the one paying for the meal when I dined here.The lighting was dim, and I could see this place being very romantic for special occasions.If you plan to stay more than the two hour limit in the pay parking, just park in the free lot or garage behind Saks and Macy's.  Or just valet it if paying a little doesn't matter to you.
5	I went there for dinner.  Very nice ... The food was excellent.  I ordered the bone-in filet with the twice-baked potato ... Perfectly prepared and delicious.  Coconut cream pie was a perfect way to end the meal!!
