4	MGM Grand has renamed their La Femme show to Crazy Horse Paris.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/sCXRuzDfp78HL8NHM2nLlQ  They call this show "a celebration of the artistry of the nude" by "integrating choreography, lighting and film."All the dancers are trained in ballet and you can see the careful and intriguing lines these performers create with every movement.  With each performance, you're bound to find at least one that strikes your every fantasy and fetish.  Their use of lighting and special effects does create an alluring feel to the stage that pulls you just a bit more.  Of course, one would have to be a bit open-minded to appreciate a show like this.  It's definitely a tease though and has you wanting more by the time you leave.I should mention the two side acts that were mixed into the show were the weirdest things ever.  Weird in the sense that I didn't know how they fit into the whole thing, and crazy becomes some of it was just damn crazy!  They have two shows nightly (8:00pm and 10:30pm), except for Tuesdays.  They request business casual attire and 18 and over only.  Tickets are $59/pp.
2	I was excited to bring my boyfriend to his first sexy show in Vegas and I had heard that Crazy Horse would deliver. The bodies of the dancers were testaments to their ballet backgrounds and some of the light tricks they played were pretty cool. Yet, I found myself quite bored for more than half the show and I was really trying to enjoy myself. And the side shows (card tricks set to salsa music and michael jackson & bubbles show) just shouldn't have been there. While pretty amusing (really the only times the people in the audience seemed to wake up) they had no place in a sexy tease show and detracted from the mood that was being set. I also think they need some fine-tuning on their soundtrack. It didn't flow and many times the music was cut-off prematurely at the end of an act which also takes away from the mood. I probably wouldn't want to see this show again.
3	After 30 mins of waiting for two open seats I finally got one.  We sat right in the middle in the second row of tables.  The first few acts were alright, I wouldn't quite describe it as incredibly ground breaking, but there are some interesting displays of light and precision choreography.  Other than that, there's not much you can do with a bunch of similarly-shaped women and sub-par acting.
2	I agree with the yelpers who give this show less than 3 stars!  I wish I had read these reviews b4 buying the tix 4 $98 with bad seats!  I preferred the group acts compared to the solo acts they had!  interludes suck big time!!  magic card with salsa music and "micro" jackson!  they did not fit the theme of sexy!we've never been so bored at a show b4, at one point I nodded off!
5	I loved this show!!!  My partner and I were looking for something tasteful sexy and fun...this show was perfect.  I thought the women were beautiful, the soundtrack awesome and the dances really well done.  Everything about it was perfect in our eyes.  I saw the Zumanity show and was REALLY disappointed, I would have used the money from Zumanity to see the Crazy Horse a few more times.  This show to me is for anyone thats not looking for a typical T&A show.  As a woman I thought it really was sensual and sexy not degrading.  GO, You'll love it!!!!!
4	Artsy and sexy and extremely entertaining. My boyfriend and I decided to watch this show since it was at our hotel. We both had a really great time. The dancers are phenomenal and very cute! We had a couple of favorite solos but that will be our little secret. One disclaimer: there is a freaky Michael Jackson and Bubbles dance act in the middle of the show and I bet most people will have the same reaction as me and think "WHY GOD WHY?"Oh, special discount if you also stay at the MGM.
5	The most amazingly beautiful women I have ever seen!  A wonderful array of sexy burlesque numbers, performed in a wonderful intimate, comfortable venue.  Not a bad seat in the place, drink service very friendly and on-the-spot.  I don't know who enjoyed this more, me or my husband.  One couple near us left in disgust, which I found hilarious, how did they not know what kind of show it was??  It wasn't dirty in the least, it was erotic and artistic and sexy.  Highly erotic, I might add. Well worth the money, every penny of it!
4	*drooling*Wow......these women were HOT. I mean CrAzY HOT. The wifey and I didnt really know what to expect but we walked out of there craving a cig even though we don't smoke. I've seen some topless shows before, but this is got to be the best in LV. I can't say enough about the ladies. Beautiful, long legged, *ouch*...(wifey just kicked me)Very erotic, sexy, jaw-dropping, kick in the balls good.  I dont think this show sells out so you should get tickets pretty easily. Look for a discount online before you go. I bought myself a long smooth collectors glass to remind me of those legs. Now only if my collectors glass had boo..*ouch* wifey kicked me again......
5	This was a really cool show!  Not just because I saw some booby.  I mean this show is very artistic, and the light effects were very very cool.   I wouldn't say this was an erotic show - no standing salute from me - but if you are the type than can appreciate the female body and like a good show then this is for you!  If you are expecting a lap dance, well... you're not on Industrial Road.FYI... my fiance was the one that bought the tix and encouraged me to go!!   She rules.  Awesome.
4	Great show! There was probably one or two individual performances that dragged on a tad bit too long but all in all it was a fun, sexy show that I would have no problem at all recommending to anyone looking for a show to check out. My husband and I had one of the theaters signature drinks...omg it was sooo good. Forget what it was called but we got to keep the souvenir glass. Too cool. As a tip I would definitely recommend going to the Half Price Ticket places to get tix for this show. We paid half price and got great seats. Why pay full price if you don't have to?
4	Let me start off by saying that I am straight.With that being said, I went to see this show during my honeymoon and found it very tasteful, entertaining and..... sexy. I've only seen one other show like it and that one was rather disguisting. So I was totally surprised I enjoyed it as much as I did. I had one of their signature drinks, which I can't remember but I still have the [sexy] glass.We paid half price for the tickets at one of those booths that are all over Las Vegas and got great seats. Although I was one of few ladies in the crowd--it didn't bother me too much that some guys were acting like total pervs (I guess I expected that). Other wives seemed to get angrier as the dances progressed.. maybe they assumed it was a different kind of show.My husband didn't like it too much but maybe because he's used to the strip club kind of shows.. he complained that the women in the show were not attractive to him (few curves, small boobs, small butts are not his thing). I was more than happy to hear that review because while he looked for someone to keep his eye on, I enjoyed a pretty good show. The comedians and entertainers during the intermission were hilarious! I definitely felt like I got my money's worth.. now, if only they did something about that non-existant line at the entrance (everybody ran in front of me even though I was the first one there!).
3	I would say all the girls have great body and they got legs!  The show itself is sexy and artistic with the lights patterns.  However, I think it gets boring after few scenes and I fell asleep towards the end, I wouldn't pay $60 something for it.
4	Sexy lights, sexy european girls and a very intimate place.French music and expensice liquer ooh la la la la ! The decor alone makes you forget you're in the middle of a seedy casino :)
4	I lived in Paris for 3 years, and while working as a Tour Guide for executives I received a lot of perks for restaurants, shows and clubs...Crazy Horse on Avenue George 5 was one of them...I got to actually meet Alain Bernardin, the original founder and owner of Crazy Horse. The show in Paris was a breath taking experience...it was true art, mixed with nude and dance and light and music, even the very burlesque teathre with red velvet chairs and curtains..., for a fusion of overwhelming magic! I always tried to explain to my American husband , what it was like...but is hard to explain something like this without experiencing it...so while in Vegas I saw  reviews for The Crazy Horse...I thought it might be as good!...Well although not quite as good as the original, it was well done! I am still taking my husband to the original in Paris!
3	The girls are gorgeous, there is no denying that.  The show was well put together; some skits were better then others.  We had amazing seats in the pit and the interlude performance by the brothers (the name escapes me at the time) was halarious and amazing.and now for the bad:  Some of the girls in the performance were definitely fill-ins.  I say that because during the show they didn't know the words to the songs they were singing and were about a 1/2 second off with all the moves.  There was about 3 skits where my jaw was dropping.the service was horrible.  the woman came around once and asked if I wanted a drink, which I did.  I ordered.  she came back about 45 minutes and asked if I wanted a refill.  I informed her that I havent event recieved the first one.  She apologized and said it would be out right away.  I told her to forget it, and the show ended about 10 mins later.
2	Bought tickets early. Made sure we had good seats. Thought it would be a nice gift for my new husband.  Girls were beautiful. I can appreciate that much. Would have to say the rest leaves a lot to be desired.  Some of the girls just seemed like they weren't into it.  They looked bored.  Glad we saw it, wouldn't go again! One of those "been there, done that" kind of shows. Oh well, maybe it just wasn't for me.  I'd rather spend the money and so see one of the Cirque shows (not "O").
3	So so. There were several parts that dragged. My date grew restless halfway through and walked out for 15 minutes. On the plus side, this show celebrates the female form in an artistic and tasteful way. Light effects were cool, but it got old pretty quickly. The night I went a girl must've called in sick. In one act, there was a line of girls partially covered by swinging doors, and one door was left unaccompanied. It was really distracting that was left unfilled. My eye kept going back to the empty spot. I don't why they didn't have a fill in, or at least move girls over one to fill the void. Overall I found this show entertaining but it would benefit with some changes to the flow. The side shows felt like odd additions. They didn't fit into the theme of the main show, nor did they share any similarities to the show. Anyhow, wouldn't recommend to everyone.
5	hands down best Vegas show I have seen.  Beautiful girls, great skits... 2 funny guys also did a couple of skits, one had us practically rolling on the floor.  Nice French music... drinks not too pricey... I will definitely be back to this show next time I am in Vegas!
5	One of the best shows in Vegas.  Tasteful and sexy.  Beautiful girls.  Intimate seating.  But still, try to get a good seat - it just gets better.  Note I was there few years ago, so don't know if it changed much.  But it was so good, I went twice!Good enough to bring the wife/girl friends.Should be able to get discounted tickets too.
5	Fun, sexy, cute, and playful.Its a small venue, so its a nice change from the most popular Vegas shows.  The dancing and costumes are creative and you can order a bottle of wine while you watch the show.  The Crazy Horse somehow manages to create a show based solely on boob hype, yet it is not sleazy.  that is an accomplishment in itself.
5	Oh Ya!!!! The most incredible bodies on the planet. Performance is impeccable and who knew the best pop-locking I've seen in a long time!! What a great surprise! True Cabaret!
3	My wife and I attended this club after reading the positive reviews on Yelp. Yes, the performers were amazing to look at, but the entertainment value was sorely lacking. The choreographer missed the boat on this one. The music was painfully loud - to the point of covering your ears at some points. They try to capture the essence of the famous French clubs by piping in old static-y soundtracks and having the dancers lip-synch the French lyrics. It comes across as clumsy and amateurish. Although it was fun to see the dancers, the artsiness constantly got in the way of the show... they would project distracting geometric patterns onto the performers with the net result being you couldn't really see much of the performers - that sort of defeats the purpose of the show, doesn't it?At one point, there was a skit with two guys doing a breakdance/robot sort of routine. My initial reaction was 'What's with the GUYS on the stage?" but they were awesome and a true highlight of the evening. Again, not what you expect when you take in a show like this. The best tip I can share is to NOT pay full-price. Instead, go to the Half-Price night of show ticket stores along the strip. For $30/ticket, it's worth the experience, but I wouldn't be happy if I paid twice that for this mediocre show. Also, keep in mind that drinks are pricey - $9/beer, but the utlra-fine-print on their menus indicates that an 18% tip is already included in that price. I mistakenly tipped on top of that and felt taken.
5	The show was very good, it was classy, beautiful, and tasteful.  I would say close to 50% of the audience are couples, contents of the show is not for men only.  I also really liked the music and too bad, they do not sell soundtrack of the show.
2	Deeply disappointed by this.The performers were absolutely gorgeous, sure, and it's very nice to see beautiful dancers who aren't...hyper-inflated.  It's a classy show.  But the choreography is just boring and not at all sexy -- seriously, I've seen hotter moments on Dancing With The Stars.  I suppose I had thought that the play of lights on the dancers' bodies would allow for some really interesting and creative dance...but for the most part, it was just some synchronized kicks and bad lip-synching.  I'd rather see some well-choreographed erotic dance with clothes on.Worse still, we had the misfortune to be there when Carmen Electra was performing with them.  She's a pretty girl, but she's not a great dancer and with her gravity-defying boobs, she just had no business being up on stage with the showgirls.I wholeheartedly agree with Roland S. -- the Crazy Horse show was a waste of time, other than the really amusing interlude with the break dancers.Go see Zumanity instead.  I wish I'd just gone to see that again.
2	We were expecting a sensual artistic performance.The performers were all perfect tens and you could tell they were trained dancers. Unfortunately, we found the choreography too monotonous. It was a little "too artistic" for my taste. for variety, They had brought in a comedic duo who's act didn't fit into the show at all... Completely agree with the reviews from D.Z. and Roland S.
5	This show is classy, sexy, and female-friendly. It celebrates the female form, rather then objectifying it like sleazier topless shows. You can bring your boyfriend along and both leave happy. The theater is small and intimate- not a bad seat in the house. The costumes, lighting, and of course the dancers are absolutely beautiful..without having to resort to freaky fake boobies to be sexy. I just wish they sold a soundtrack to the show- the music was awesome, a mix of old and new, yet so modern. We bought tickets at the half price booth under the coke bottle a few hours before the show, and this was a great deal. The drinks inside the show are a little pricey but strong....overall a great experience.
5	Classy, Sexy, and Fun.This is the first show I have ever seen in Vegas and I wasn't dissapointed at all. I came to the show with my boyfriend was placed in a great seating. The show was done in tastefull and artistic way that after the first act you don't even notice the nudity. It wasn't such a shocking to see. They sing and dance.One number that they performed was the one with the small doors that swings open and the lighting was pink and they had these short wigs was so cute. I also like a number they did called "But I am a good girl"..it is now stuck in my head. haha! And I'm still humming it. You can also order drinks here which is a reasonable price.
2	I let my friend pick this show, because he didn't get a chance to see it in Paris. Ok. its suppose to be classy and tasteful and celebrate the female form. The set up was strange, where everyone was sitting at tables, but whatever. The drink I got in my souvenir glass was the highlight of the show. Their popcorn came pre-packaged in a bag. I have to say the dancers were lovely, and looked lovely naked, they weren't grinding or acting like they were in a strip club. Ok, its classy i get it. Do we really need to listen to french songs? Does the guy in front have to be that drunk and cheer that loudly at everything?Ok so they have lights that shine onto their bodies. Great. But I'm sorry, I fell asleep twice during this show. Seeing boobies and nekkid bottoms apparently didn't keep me up long enough. I was hoping for something a bit more, rather than a bunch of girls standing and marching in place for their opening number. British soldiers marching, that was loud enough to keep me awake. As the show went on, I just fell asleep. It wasn't entertaining for me to keep my interest. I was just glad it was over. sorry it wasn't my cup of tea. not to say the performers weren't talented, they could dance, but yeah the material wasn't good enough. apparently the french like this stuff.
2	I like the small venue and some of the costumes, or lack there of were ok, but the show is too slow paced. I found the two guys with the comedy dance routine in the middle of the show to be the best part, definitely woke me up. I am not knocking these girls, they are pretty and you may seem some beaver, but I found it to lack sexiness. And the part with the woman dancing and only her hips down are showing, was extremely slow, boring, and not all that sexy. And the lady who comes out and dances between scenes isn't that great either. Kind of corny if you ask me, no one eve knows if they should clap for her or not. Most chose not, I think all chose not. The part I did like is that they use colored and shaped lights to project on the women's body, something that a certain DIVA at Encore stole for her show. If you can find a discount ticket, which you can, then go ahead in see this show.
5	As others have said, this is very classy and female friendly. This isn't a true "stripper" show so don't go expecting raunchy female pole dancers. The music is great and the lighting is truly fantastic. The girls weren't plasticky. Overall, a great experience. Make sure to get discount tickets.
5	Sexy, entertaining and avant garde. That's how I describe the Crazy Horse Paris Show at MGM Grand. Both the theater and stage are small, creating a sense of intimacy and intrigue. The audience sits at tables, and when the dancers perform, their proximity seems very close to you. I swear, there were times when I held eye contact with dancers. It really feels that intimate. Drinks are yummy and prices are your typical on-The-Strip prices. But if you order one of their signature drinks, it comes in a souvenir glass you can take home with you. Obviously, it's a burlesque show, and it's very classy while remaining sexy and innovative. The women are gorgeous and natural. You won't find any silicone at this show. How refreshing. The choreography was entertaining, but the most impressive aspect was the lighting design. I know it sounds like an unusual facet of the show to point out, but I really have to compliment the lighting. It's an integral part of the show.Honestly, I didn't expect to be that impressed with a burlesque show. But I found it to be more than burlesque. It was very artistic, and I would gladly see it again.
5	4.5 stars.The girls are really f*cking sexy. The show is mostly nude, but done in a very classy, artistic way. After a while I forgot they were naked. The venue (as well as the stage) is small and intimate (appropriate for the show). We had seats at one of the tables in front, but it seemed as though the place was small enough for everyone to get a good view. They did very cool things with the lighting and the costumes (even though they were very tiny) were great. They have brothers that do a couple acts as well. They were very funny and entertaining. Don't worry...the brothers don't get naked ;)
2	All the sensuality of a stop-motion Barbie doll parade done by 14 year olds whilst drinking mom's sherry in the basement....but should I tell you what I really think?The dancers are incredibly fit and most are classically trained dancers. But the Za Za Zu is missing....with one exception. There is a number performed by a dancer writhing all over a red lip couch that is sexy, and kittenish at the same time....The lip-synch is unneccessary...we all know they are not really singing so why pretend the canned music is anything but....The male dance team was entertaining.Then there is the customer service. We purchased 6 tickets through our hotel concierge and wanted the very best of seats. We were prepared to go another time and/or pay the top price for those seats. Our concierge was offered "VIP seating" which we took....it was then revealed that we could get a discount by going through her. What a bonus! We were offered both price categories but still chose the most expensive of the two. We were given a voucher that clearly stated "VIP seating". When my husband went to the box office to redeem and pay for the tickets, he asked where they were on a seating chart but the CSR got side tracked and got around to it.We had dinner reservations so were planning on coming just before curtain with our group. So time was tight. But when shown to our table at the back and slightly to the side of centre, I was livid! I told the usher that this was not acceptable and was told to go to the box office, but the house lights were going down and the rest of the party just took their seats and didn't want to be disruptive to the rest of the audience. I figured I would go to the box office after and complain, but the box office was closed after the performance.Now I am actively hunting down the box office management and hotel customer relations people to get an explanation.My hotel concierge is unhappy with them and not inclined to do further recommendations for them. So, I perhaps would have been more receptive to the show, had my tickets been what I requested and the usher/house manager been less dismissive. I never make a scene, I never cause trouble, and I deal with things in private, in a respectful, restrained manner. I have been involved with theatre for over 30 years, and have never been so disappointed and discouraged.
4	The most artistic burlesque show I've seen in Vegas! The woman were incredible performers, well trained. Their moves were so in sync, I thought they were mannequins. Not to mention they are all the same height and body shape. The show was about half an hour, but it didn't drag. The night we went Carmen Electra was a guest performer. Even my mom thought it was sexy and classy. That says something ya'll. Great show. Great choreography. In an intimate setting... Worth seeing.
4	Hey there Yelpers!This one is going to be short and sweet.  I can't believe I had not done a review for this one.This show can be summed up in one word........ S   E   X   Y   !If you want slutty hit the strip clubs.  If you want a SUPER sexy seductive and passionate show to get your date going in all the right directions....You will find it here.Only 4 stars cause that has become my new 5 star.
4	One of the best topless shows I've seen in Vegas. We sat at one of the tables right in front (with the requisite drunk guy a table or 2 over) and had a really good time. The dancing was amazing and all the girls were beautiful. The question came to mind: How do they find so many different girls with the same body type?? No silicone in sight and my wife and I both loved the show!
4	While we were in Vegas we wanted to see some shows, my wife has been to Paris and was curious about this show (and so was I ). Crazy Horse is a delightful Parisian cabaret show, not for the puritanical (you will see plenty of topless women) but if your not offended by that you will be wowed at the dancing, laughing at the comedy, and crying that it was over.Both my wife and I enjoyed it very much and will be back to see it again next trip to Vegas.
5	I found the show from yelp reviews and its a fantastic show.  well choreographed and tasteful.  the only issue would be that we sat in the front row.  i would recommend sitting in the second section of the theatre.
1	Seriously?!?!  I'm looking at all these 4 and 5 star reviews and wondering if we saw the same show.....  We headed for a half price tickets stand hoping to get either Jubilee or Terry Fator tickets... we noticed the Crazy Horse tickets were only $30 a piece and we'd all heard good things about it and settled on getting tix.  We went to the early show, and were shown to our seats - bar style seating when there were heaps of open tables around us.  The place never got more than 1/3 full.  Drinks were pricey, snacks were expensive and a joke, and service was right there where the snacks are - a joke.  Absolutely no excuse when the place was so empty.We'd all heard that it was burlesque, good reviews, artistic - not just nudity for the sake of nudity.  Um yeah, riigghhtt.....   As soon as the curtains opened it was Tits and Butts on Parade!  Whatever.....  Some of the "skits" made no sense, others went on WAY too long, and the lighting??  Some of it was interesting, but come on!  When there's a topless woman writhing around, practically humping a lips shaped couch and the lighting on her suddenly makes it look like she has as many nipples as my cat if not more?!  Gag....  Applause was rarely heard thoughout the show.  The two intermission acts, The Scott Brothers and The Quiddlers, received more applause than the girls.  Applause for the girls could be described as polite applause at best.  I don't know....  maybe we just aren't avant-garde enough to 'get it', but we weren't alone.  Seemed like the majority of people there were in the same boat as us.  And when the two males in your group of 4 are bored to the point of wanting to go hit the slot machines and are glad that we got discount tickets??  I'm just sayin'......  I'd safely say that the Crazy Horse is a been there, done that, don't need to do it again kind of show.
5	I'm amazed this show is getting 1-star reviews, because I just went for my second time a couple weeks ago (sans Dita Von Teese) and even without the queen of burlesque, these women deserve all the adoration in the world. When you walk into the theater, it is very intimate with plush velvet seating, and you can tell from the decor that you are going to be entertained. It is borderline cheesy, but still seductive.This show starts off with a bang, with a line-up of all the statuesque beauties almost fully nude in military costume. Then there is a short film that gives a backstage peek and introduction of the ladies while they set up for more skits. There are many little vignettes: some are comedic in nature, some have the ladies singing along to very sassy showtunes, and the rest are just stunningly gorgeous and artistic. There is a bit of an intermission with this pair of men doing well.... two very comedic but odd skits. It just needs to be seen to be understood. This show is tediously choreographed, from lighting to music to the dancers themselves. The women are even choreographed where exactly to look in the audience when on stage. It is quite impressive and I did not see one difference at all from the first time I saw them. These dancers are just so talented and very, very beautiful, and 100% natural! I honestly thought I would be a little intimidated by these sultry women with literally perfect bodies (perfect mix of athletic but still womanly and soft - so sexy!) but each time I have seen them it just revved me up and made me feel super flirtatious. Good job, ladies! ;) This to me is a must-see show, but you have to have an open mind to appreciate this kind of artistry. Run and get tickets now if you want to see sexy, classy women in Louboutins dancing to some of the most fun music with amazing lighting and costumes (or lack therof!). Also, this is an EXACT replica of the one in Paris! If you're not lucky enough to go there, just head to the Strip to be entertained in every sense of the word. I can't speak more highly of this show, it is a sight to be seen and an experience that has yet to be matched.
4	I took Jessie B here for her surprise Bday gift. We were both super excited to find they served Framboise Lambic. We ordered a couple and sat back to enjoy the show..which was amazing. All the girls are natural..but on this night the guest of honor was Carmen Electra! And we all know she has been "enhanced".It was a super sexy show. It did not have the flair of an old school review but they managed to stay entertaining.This is worth the money if you enjoy a sexy adult theme show.
4	We had just finished seeing Zumanity and wanted to see some more skin. We got to sit in a plush booth in the back. The drink was good and I got a souvenir glass. (though paid a pretty price for it) The show was interesting enough but didnt compare after being wowed by the awesomeness of Zumanity. But we were frisky and had our fun in the secluded booth of the very dark room while the show went on. Had a great memorable time.
3	My bf and I went to watch it the night we arrived in vegas. It was ok, he really liked it. What guy wouldnt want to see all most naked girls do sexy moves and lip sing in french? Just the part of them lip singing in french made it sexy. the lighting was cool but messed with my eyes big time. I got bored after 30 mins of the show and couldnt wait for it to be over! Luckly the skits in between were funny and woke me back up expecially the one of Michael jackson. it was super funny.
5	Very excellent!Very precise, somewhat mechanical performances, but excellent nonetheless.Usually topless, incredibly beautiful girls, but can't them apart most of the time as they seem to have been chosen for their identical body types.Would recommend for couples, people not into lap dances. Also would suggest not sitting in front/lower level, as that is pretty darn close. Second level is perfect. The interior is wall to wall, floor to ceiling red velvet, and kind of cool. Show up early because so do other people, to get the good seats at their tables.The show itself is pitch-black in the hall, so orders drinks beforehand. Full bar, domestic beers were seven dollars, imports 12 or so. Cocktails in souvenir glass were 17, meh.Breaking up the show are two comic acts, a Michael Jackson spoof. It's kind of like a puppet show, really. The other is a sort of syncronized "popping" routine that is truly wild. Hard to explain, but it'll knock your socks off.
5	This was an amazing show. I absolutely loved it. All the girls are natural and between 5"4 to 5"6 height slim body type and breast size no larger than a B cup. The show, lightning and choreography was amazing. Very stunning show. Jane from the jungle had an amazing solo performance that left the audience at awe... I want to go back to see this show and just being me I would definitely bring a date here.
2	The MGM show is supposedly IDENTICAL to the original in Paris. I was chatting with a girlfriend when I got back who's been to the Paris show. Through the course of our conversation we determined that it is the one and the same just from all of the distinct similarities like the random little 8 mm black and white film clips and live cheesy (fully clothed) all-male dance numbers that, I assume, buy the ladies time to change costumes and update staging between numbers.All of the female dancers were extremely pretty and in extremely great shape. The freaky thing is that they looked the EXACT same right down to the smiles. The only thing distinguishing each were their femme fatale wigs which ranged from black to hot pink and neon green and yellow in one number. At times there would be anywhere from one to twenty-something women on stage moving in sync creating a dizzying spectacle of Stepford-like perfection with A-cups. (I did find it refreshing to see these petite yet strong, sexy, NON-ENHANCED women in the spotlight since, you know, it was Vegas!) Also, many times I'd forget we were even at a topless show because the lighting would change with each dance number to match the girls' "costumes." Like, if their bottoms had neon green triangles the lights would change to reflect neon green triangles on their bodies. I think I was also a bit desensitized to the whole nakedness thing because hey, if you've been to Italy as many times as I, you get used to seeing the female form in all its glory. From the museums to the squares and beaches. Also, I've got all the same bits they have. See 'em every day, too, getting in and out of the shower.While I appreciate the artistic nature of the show and didn't find the situation even remotely embarrassing, my bf and I didn't really enjoy it. For one, the seating is horrible. We were seated in the second tier off to the left side of the stage in these teeny tiny rigid (read: uncomfortable) red velour-covered chairs straight out of the 17th century and packed like sardines with no elbow or leg room. My bf was seated behind me. I was seated behind a huge guy and had to crane my neck around him in order to see anything. The cocktail server was super distracting too as she went around with a red flashlight in the dark theater to take orders, bring drinks, and then change to various patrons. It also didn't help that directly before the show we'd eaten and gone straight to heaven at Crafsteak. My stomach was SO FULL. The last thing I wanted to do was SIT, confined in a dark theater. I fought falling asleep as my stomach fought to digest everything. Turns out my bf was on the same page. His stomach was even fuller and he later said he kept wondering when the show was going to be over so he could go back to our room and fall into a food coma. Despite our self-inflicted discomfort, I'd still say the show wasn't worth sitting through... especially in those ridiculous seats and at $60 a pop.
4	I found my Friday evening in Vegas free without any plans.  I was really interested in seeing a show, but my preferred choices were only available for the next day or a later week.  Talking to my girlfriend, she encouraged me to step out of my comfort zone and try a cabaret show.  In Vegas this can be kind of tricky since there is a whole spectrum of activity that can fall under the guise of cabaret.  With her suggestion I sought out the hotel concierge for tickets to a production that would be classy and interesting.  Without hesitation, he recommended Crazy Horse Paris at the MGM Grand casino.  I never heard of the show before, but apparently it is based on a very popular French revue that is regularly shown in Paris.  Some singing acts have original French numbers and there is supporting video in French as well.  I suppose the show was generally good.  I mean, I found it enjoyable and all.  It was definitely a respectable show.  The only nudity was the universal showing of breasts, and all acts were performed on stage.  There was almost nothing in the way of risquee behavior or innuendo though.  It was more like seeing the Rockettes topless.  The mix of uniforms and music made the performance consistently interesting, but there was never any wow factor.  The quality of the choreography and the costumes was consistent with a Broadway production though.  Further, the whole routine was broken up by two other short acts which were unusual and very entertaining.  I'm not sure if the full ticket price of $68 is easy to justify, but apparently, based on other reviews, people have garnered tickets for quite a bit less, so be on the lookout.Also, drink and food service is available before the show.  Food is misleading though since that is only a mix of pre-packaged snacks like popcorn and chips, i.e., there is no prepared food to order.  The drinks were varied though with the list including specialty cocktails, wines by the glass, and a nice mix of beer.  I was able to get a full size blue label Chimay for $19 which was not too terrible of a value.  They even had Duvel on the list.  Overall, 4 stars because I did enjoy myself.  I hesitate with the rating though, because I would not likely choose to see this show again.
4	I have never seen a burlesque show before in Vegas or anywhere really.  So with Crazy Horse Paris, I approached it with no expectations and an open mind.  And in the end, I thought it was great show!The women here were really beautiful, nicely sculpted, and very talented performers.  I loved how each vignette was produced to look like you were looking at a moving painting with the artistic lighting "painted" onto the ladies.  That was some definite eye-candy. Along with the women, they had two side acts as well.  The Popping dancers were really cool and the "Short" Tribute to Michael Jackson was really entertaining.  They were both a nice comedic change of pace from the burlesque dancersI highly suggest to pick up the $32 tickets at Tix4Tonight to get more bang for your buck.  But if you don't have time to stop by at one, I think it would still be worth the $54 tickets.  If you have about 90 mins to spare in Vegas at night, go see this show!
2	Ho hum. Sure the girls were hot, but after about the third act or so I zoned out and started thinking about my post-show plans rather than the T&A bouncing around on the stage. Starting the show with a film clip gave the rest of the performances an illusory feel that I didn't enjoy, contrary to the other Yelp reviews I found the Michael Jackson act cheap and lame, and I've seen better "popping" on the street. Should've shelled out the extra $$ for Jubilee instead.
2	I don't know? I want to like this more, but I just don't. Yes, the woman in this show have beautiful bodies, but I just found the whole show kind of strange. Weird songs, and lip singing, and what is w/those wigs? We were right in front of the stage, and the tiny table and uncomfortable chairs didn't help. I just didn't get it.
3	The ladies are both talented dancers (a pleasant surprise) and lovely to look at.  Some of the numbers were just too silly to enjoy but there were a handful that were amazing.  The new 19-year old they are making such a big deal of because she was a playboy centerfold was one of the weakest points - she's not much of a dancer so her pieces are meant to showcase how hot she is rolling around on stuff.  She IS cute - but those pieces were a total yawner.    My biggest complaint is actually about the facility.  HORRID seating (the chairs are about a 1/2 inch from each other - no leg room at all) and MGM clearly wants to gouge the heck out of you.   A plain old iced tea was $5 and beer started at something like $8 for a bottle of Bud.   Don't believe them when they tell you that you need to get there early - they just want you to get thirsty enough for an $8 Bud to make sense.  If you can get discount tickets, there are certainly worse ways to spend time in Vegas.
5	Free tix for being on the winning team of the Yelpmazing race!!This was such a breath of fresh air after seeing SO MANY crappy shows recently.  I really didn't know what to expect going in but the mix of the gorgeous women (all natural to boot!), awesome lighting/visuals and music really transported me to another place.  I enjoyed every single minute.A few of the scenes really stood out including "Upside down", "Baby Buns" and any scene with all 15 girls on stage.  I used to think being in the first 3 rows for "O" was sensory overload..but THIS was maximum sensory overload.The 2 acts that performed in between the girls' shows were also great.  One was 2 guys doing a pretty incredible dance performance..kinda like Jabbawockeez unmasked and the other was a crazy Michael Jackson tribute w/ "short" people.  Really funny and entertaining.  My only recommendation would be to show up as soon as the doors open to get the best seat possible.  The tables in the 2nd and 3rd sections aren't really assigned seating.  Ushers are also receptive to $10 handshakes for improved viewing.  I'm definitely going to take some of my out of town friends to this show in the future and will be getting VIP section next time.
4	I'm not a gambling person, a club person or a shopping person, so I was pretty limited in my options of things I'd actually like to do in Vegas. Since we wanted to save money, my boyfriend and I were choosing between either going to Zumanity or Crazy Horse Paris (both of which were available through Tix 4 Tonight at a discounted rate). Zumanity had some weird reviews so we decided to go here instead. The theater itself is very intimate and no seat is bad, so I'm glad I opted for the 2nd tier cheaper seating.. I think I would have been a bit more uncomfortable in the first few rows at eye level with the stage, considering this was my first cabaret/burlesque show.Drinks were kind of expensive inside, so I'm glad I had some jello shots and drinks around the corner from the theater within the MGM grand. I did end up ordering a Champagne cocktail inside and got to take home the cute tall glass they served it in as a memento. The performers were really good and the best performance was definitely one of the ones toward the end where you never see the girls face at all. The Michael Jackson/breakdancing act in the middle was a bit awkward though and like other reviewers, I thought it seemed out of place. I think I'd come here again depending on if any celebrity joined the cast temporarily. One thing I didn't like was waiting for the show to start outside in the MGM grand casino area-- this casino has such low ceilings and definitely reeks of more smoke than most places because of it.
2	it was very low class crowd thereI was there when it was a show for tire manufactures and industry and they were all getting excited like crazy and I didn't feel safe there but I really liked their pictures that they use for their advertising I think they are seven girls from behind and all of them have a nice butt
5	What can I say, I loved it.  Love the intimate venue.  The show was a perfect balance between seduction and art.  I was captivated the entire time.  Next time I am in Vegas I will see it again.
1	One word...BORING! If you are a young male or a young couple, I would NOT recommend this. If you're coming to see a topless show, there is nothing to see. The people all looked the same. When my girlfriend and I  first got there, they put us in seats that we couldn't even see the stage. Rather then move us to similar seats elsewhere that were obviously open, the option they gave us was to move further back. Overall, I would definitely not recommended this show. I've been to the topless show in Luxor and that was way better. They even had a comedian who came as an interlude that was actually funny. The best part of this show was the interlude with two guys dancing like robots.
5	When I booked this show, I knew what to expect since I've seen the Moulin Rouge show in Paris (small venue, up close to stage, the singing, dancing etc). I knew this would be a little different since it's suppose to be more erotic and sexy vs the Moulin Rouge, which is probably similar to Jubilee. I liked the intimacy and the feel of this show. Being right in front of the stage. All the girls were beautiful and were near identical in body shape and chest/ass size. It's very artistic too with the lights because it's sensual and you can't really get this kind of show elsewhere. We definitely enjoyed this show and the two side shows were just hilarious and pretty cool.
3	Very sexy, entertaining.  We got discounted tickets while in town.  I don't think I would have paid full price.  I liked the small theater.  Gave it a very intimate feeling.
5	Great show, tastefully done, mixed crowd of ladies night out groups, packs of guys and couples - everyone seemed to enjoy the show and that was cool. If you are expecting factory enlarge breasts  - not the show for you - if want to be entertained by beautiful talented dancers - then this will fit the bill.
4	This show isn't for everyone, but for those who love beautiful dancers, plush hot pink decor, and avant-garde lighting, this may be the show for you. Be prepared for creepy old men who come for the sole purpose of gawking at naked ladies. It's a great place to bring a date if you want to get in the mood. There is a lot of nudity so if that makes you uncomfortable, go elsewhere.
5	I am so surprised that other people gave this show bad reviews.  First off the dancers are amazing, they are dancers who were classically trained doing burlesque style numbers.  They are all very beautiful and talented.  Don't expect these women to have huge breasts and look plastic because they don't.  I heard that none of the women in the show are allowed to get plastic surgery.The numbers were great.  They did a lot of neat things with the lighting so sometimes you forgot you were looking at real people.  Everything was tastefully done, I took my parents and did not feel awkward to sit next to them.  Overall, I would attend the show again. .The theater is more of a lounge type setting, with small cocktail tables and booths lined up along the back.  You want to make sure you get there early because you aren't assigned exact seats.  Seats are first come first serve within your section. SERVICE: TERRIBLE!  I wanted to order a drink and was told at the beginning of the show my waitress would be back.. 10 minutes before the show ended she came to see if I wanted anything.  This was after she served people in front of us and right next to us.  I was honestly shocked that the service could be so terrible.
4	I liked this show.  The stage is small and the ambiance is sexy in the Crazy Horse Theater.  The girls are pretty, in shape, and all except one had natural breasts.  I went and saw this show with my husband and two of our friends.  We all agreed that this was one of the better topless shows on the strip.  The show was entertaining, and the girls were amazingly in sync...you can tell they've rehearsed and they dance as a team.They also did cool effects with both the choreography and the lighting.  I don't think I would see this show a second time, although I would definitely recommend that you at least head over and see it once.
2	Sure you get to see some ( . Y . ), but all they did was dance. I could have gone to a strip club and pretty much have seen the same thing, but only cheaper and see some full frontal nudity.There were no themes. The stage was small and their heads almost hit the ceiling. This ain't no Moulin Rouge. I actually did enjoy Moulin Rouge. Click here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/moulin-rouge-paris#hrid:QoQl64Y1GSvn9H_tn5sVYg. But over here at the Crazy Horse at the MGM, there were no acrobats, no jumping or flying or extravagance in entertainment.I fell asleep pretty much throughout most of the show, either due to boredom or maybe I was drunk. Either way, I still did manage to see some of the show and still I wasn't entertained. Somehow, when the performers look at the audience, it just seems they are staring at you. I don't know how they do it, but it's weird, wherever you are sitting, they are literally staring at you. Pretty cool, yet pretty freaky.I did like the intermission when two male performers were dancing in sync. Pretty funny acts, and pretty cool stunts and dance show. But other than that, the performances by the rest of the cast was mediocre at best, just a cleaner version of a strip club. The only difference is that I paid $69 to get in, and I fell asleep. But at least I don't have that lingering stripper smell. I don't know; if you haven't seen a show like this, then yah, it's worth going out to see it at least once. For $69 (or less if you find some really good deals), it's still pretty cheap compared to the other shows in Vegas. I also got half bottle of the champagne for $43. I think the champagne helped me get through this 1 hour and 15 minute show.
3	Classy, topless revue....Dancing pretty women with their perfect au natural boobies and bodies!   No stripper poles, fake ta ta's, or vijay juice around this place. This show is modeled after the Crazy Horse Cabaret from Paris so the music and lip synching is in French.  Small, intimate lounge setting with a tiny stage.  Probably to give the illusion the girls are super tall when they are between 5'4-5'6.  You may be sitting at your own table or sharing one with other viewers like we did.  If you want water, I'd recommend not buying bottled water here.  Bottle of a small fiji water was 10 bucks!!  Rip off!!  Bring a big purse and sneak one in!   $43 bucks for a bottle of champagne (thanks Mike!!!) . I thought it was yucky but Mauricio L and Mike C liked it enough.Besides Jubilee at Bally's, Crazy Horse is the only other topless show I"ve been to so I don't have much to compare it to.  For what it was, I enjoyed it enough.  The show is broken down into little segments with a title/theme.  Crazy lights and music added to the shows. For example one was a strip tease, another was all about the women's perfect butts, and another was a routine with chairs.  There was also this segment with two guys doing some sort of pop and lock act.We ended paying for the regular 70 dollars for this show because it was a last minute decision.  I'd recommend trying to get the discounted tickets if you can ($55?), I think this show would be more worth that. I'd rather spend more money on Cirque shows.  But this show or Jubilee at Bally's does the job if you want to check out a classy, topless revue.  I wouldn't see this again but I think it's worth seeing at least once.
4	I'd love to give this 5 stars.  But, the performances were a little inconsistent.Pros:  Gorgeous women.  Fantastic music (I want the soundtrack).  Fun atmosphere and decor.  French burlesque theme.  Great lighting techniques.  Two of the funniest intermissions.  Cons:  Tiny stage with a low ceiling.  The performers deserve better.  They almost seemed hindered by the stage.  Uncomfortable chairs.  Hit and miss lip synching.  Bad cocktail waitress.  I ordered the lambic framboise and my wife ordered the lambic peche.  She didn't know what they were.  We had to show her the menu.  Mind you the menu is only two 4X5 cards.  The people behind us asked if the Duvel was a dark or light ale.  She just stared at them blankly, so we explained it to them.  When you're a cocktail waitress and only have to memorize 12 beers, you have no excuses for bad service.Despite this nit picking, it was a great time and I'd go again.  And, I'm sure the waitress will either learn about beers or get fired by then.
5	Excellent show!! If you have a military ID you can get a solid discount.The ladies were beautiful and were very in sync with each other. There were 2 guys that did a bit that I was hesitant about at first but their performance was most impressive. Overall, very happy. The "chain gang" dance was the only one i felt was quite weak.
1	The women were all very attractive, if only it were possible to see them.  Nearly every act was in near complete darkness with one light source, but even that was filtered with patterns and stripes, essentially breaking up every lady's lines with camouflage.  In the end, is that not what's actually sexy?The production ruined any potential talent.  You're paying to see a light show to cheesy music.
4	MMMMMMM Mama likes!This show is different in a great way! Sexy, classy, tasteful, artistic, abstract, erotic, clever, and interesting!This is an arousal show great for couples, maybe even a first date depending on how naughty you are or want to be. Frisky Frisky!Gorgeous lean tall bodies, if you are a leg man or woman, this is a treat for you enough said! Gams galore!This is a small cabaret style showroom with red velvet walls, seats and booths it is dark intimate and sexy with a small personal up close stage. I felt sexy just walking in.Booze up on your liquor of choice if neccessary before walking in. A small bottle of Evian water was $10 bucks, I did not look any further after seeing a bottle of wine listed for $250.00.
5	Fantastic! Very classy and well done burlesque performance! I was quite impressed with all elements of this production. The dancers were cast well, all having similar body types.  The dancers were very talented and the numbers were very clean. At moments I felt like I was watching a burlesque version of the Rockettes. The choreography and staging was great. The lighting and costumes were well correlated bringing a VERY sexy show without the raunch that leaves audience members feeling like they are in a strip club like some other shows do.  I definitely recommend it to anyone who appreciates true Burlesque!
5	An incredibly artistic and entertaining celebration of the female form. It never ceases to keep your attention as these amazing dancers perform wondrous motions and movements. This is worth any opportunity to see and can be honestly enjoyed by women or men.
5	We came here to celebrate my friends bachelor party.  Between taking secret shots of tequila by myself, (I don't remember) and riding in a limousine (I have video but I dont remember) losing my credit card (I don't remember) and getting sick (I don't remember) winning 100$ on blackjack ( I don't remember) and spending lots of money ( I don't remember), we managed to squeeze in a show.  At around 20-30 dollars, this is a great show, especially for a bachelor party.  You could go to a strip joint, but if you want to make it a classy sort of thing that is artistic and visually just a damn cool show that you can bring your girlfriend to, then this is the place.  The drinks are very, very expensive but tasty and you get a souvenir glass.  I would highly recommend this place as a good way to spend one night.  Also, this has a long history originating in Paris, which means that you can feel pretentious about going there.  For the price "woohoo! As good as it gets!"
3	Show was classy. Girls were very beautiful but way too lookalike. Drinks were expensive. One of the intermissions were annoying. Good show to see once. Only worth it if you can get discounted tickets.
1	Not really my thing. My wife and i were in Vegas and got tickets to this show (thank God we got them at the 1/2 ticket vendor) We had high hopes for this show as we have seen similar adult shows on the strip but we were not impressed with this show. My wife was very excited to see this as she likes strange art style shows. So i figured they are topless it should be okay. Well we were both wrong, the show was not interesting to either of us and we only stayed because we paid for the show. If you are looking for a Topless show see one of the other shows Vegas has to offer this was not worth it.
4	I learned about Crazy Horse Paris as a cabaret originally conceptualized and performed in Paris, way back when I still have to hide contraband copies of Playboy from my parents. I never thought I would be able to experience the show without having to travel to Paris.  But I am glad that the renowned Parisian Theater of the Nude in Action was eventually exported overseas to countries like the USA and even Singapore.The cabaret is a must see for Las Vegas locals and visitors seeking a sexy, sensual, erotic, classy, artistic and beautifully choreographed show featuring trained dancers that all have perfect bodies and no visible tattoos and piercings.The Crazy Horse woman truly is the incarnation of the contemporary ideal of beauty, and being able to see 15 of them on stage performing as a group is like seeing the Three Graces x5 dancing in well synchronized routines.  Some of my favorite scenes are: God Save The Bareskin, which kicks off the show, where all the dancers are dressed as the guards of Buckingham Palace, if they were staffed by very attractive topless female soldiers.  I guess I have a thing for women in uniforms :)The Upside Down scene features 3 dancers performing with a stage-length mirror, which gives the illusion of them seductively emerging from a pool of water.  Chair Me Up, a classic 1930s cabaret number, features 3 dancers on 3 Thonet bentwood chairs, transformed with modern music and geometric light patterns projected on stage.You Turn Me On - which features all the dancers in a spectacle of femininity, voluptuousness, and flirtiness is the burlesque finale that energetically concludes the show.There are additional scenes which I enjoyed, but could not recalled the name.  There are also two performances that features no supermodels, which the audience enjoyed once they got over the initial reaction of seeing dudes on stage.  The performance by the Scott Bros, was very cool and weird (kind of like Jabbawockeez unmasked as Philip T mentioned in his review).Overall, it was a great show and very popular as indicated by how full the small theater was on a Wednesday night.  If you intend to watch Crazy Horse Paris, definitely go and line up early for best seating.  As tickets in sections 2 and higher are assigned to rows, so the seats closer to the stage are filled on a first come first serve basis.
5	Good show! Very classy and sexy. I'd watch it again.
4	I wish I'd gotten to see Claire SinClaire when she performed in Crazy Horse (total girl crush!) We saw Crazy Horse a year ago. Small, intimate theater. The women are in amazing shape and are mesmerizing to watch. Some of the numbers are better than others, but the woman in the cage was what captured my attention. Extremely erotic and powerful performance. We got 50% tickets at the discount ticket booth outside of the MGM Grand. Definitely worth it if you get the tix at a discount.
3	Good things: 1) Group numbers 2) Scott Bros Not so great: 1) Lip Syncing 2) Solo Performances (mainly b/c lip sync'd) 3) Not very sensual, the music was fast, and the choreography was...m-yeh... 3) Drink Service disorganized.This was our first show. Maybe they're not supposed to be sexy? I mean yes - there were boobies, and garters, and innuendo....but...it came off a bit cheesy. I can understand breaking it up so everyone doesn't get too randy, but I thought the whole point was to...I don't know...get us in the mood? There were good points, but I have to say we were left bored and disappointed. I can't blame the girls. They're all quite good. I think in the end it's sticking too close to the script (why not re-engineer it, maybe the group numbers could reference the original show and the solo's could be based on the MGM theme, I'm thinking Gypsy Rose...). The potential is there for a wonderful, magical, sensual experience...but somehow it didn't quite come together. And when there's lip syncing and people miss the words....well that about says everything. Clothes on or off. I mean it's vegas they can't find people who can sing AND dance?? C'mon!
4	First - have accurate expectations. Are you looking for girls girating on poles that will let you stick a bill in their g-string? This is not the place for that. Are you looking to be awed and amazed by feats of acrobatic dexterity? Check out a Cirque du Soleil show. Are you looking for a more artistic/classier version of a strip show? Than this may suit your needs. Are you looking for something on the sexy ends of things that you are more likely to enjoy as a woman or as a couple involving a woman? This is definitely a excellent choice. Crazy Horse Paris is a set of beautiful, natural looking women who pose, dance, and move to various bits of music under various types of lighting where variations of nothing and next-to-nothing. There are no poles, no girating, no dancing in mid-air on a bolt of silk, no synchronized swimming - just pretty girls, nearly nude, being pretty. Compared to Zumanity - this show is really only 3 stars. But it got a star bump for being half the cost of Zumanity. Tickets are typically $50-70 rather than $110+. If you want something to put an extra sexy edge into your evening with your partner, this is not a bad after dinner treat to set the mood for heading up to your room.
5	creative, fun, unexpected and sexy! genius use of lights and routine made the whole show fantastically surreal in a more intimate setting. some parts were like a high-end perfume ad--in a good way! although they are barely dressed, it felt artistic rather than pornographic.  definitely recommended.
4	These girls are goddesses!They all clearly have dance backgrounds and perform amazingly!The girls on the revolving ring did some insane stuff, it was spectacular.If you're looking for a show that brings home the good old days of true burlesque, then this show is for you. No trashy strippers half-performing their routines here.
5	Fun show!
5	This show is a must see!My boyfriend and I went to Vegas for his birthday to celebrate. We decided on the Crazy Horse Paris show because not only is the price so reasonable it's really a great show.These girls are amazing and mesmerizing to watch. I really think anyone can enjoy this show, everything is very tastefully and creatively done. The theater itself is small but intimate. If you can, get one of the tables in the front lower section. Beware of flying bananas!
5	Absolutely marvelous. Simply well done and well rehearsed. Luscious playful eroticism at its best. Highly recommended.
2	Not a fan.The performers were beautiful, sexy, and did the very best they could. I loved some of the lighting and stage effects, but th choreography was boring boring boring BORING. The ONLY acts I enjoyed, were the two ballerinas in the spinning hoop and the pop-n-lock "filler" gentlemen. the former were obviously classically trained and their technique was remarkable. The latter were entertaining, well rehearsed, and had fun and engaging choreography.The drinks are super expensive ($9 for a small Sapporo) and the waitress came by only once at the beginning of the show and never came back throughout the 2 hour show. Really?! The drinks were expensive but that didn't mean I didn't want more than one! Fail.The theater is super intimate, and it was only half full but it was off-season.
1	Boring.......only like the one with prison bars props
4	Went there in Dec before X'mas and it was pretty good exotic show compared to the over-hyped "jubilee".  I fell asleep during Jubilee, partially because of the EST time difference and partially for being bored.  Anyway, wife did some research online and we went to this show unprepared.  So we got the half off tickets from the tix4less stand.  Don't know about others' experience, but the seats we got were pretty bad if not the worst.  They were to the very right side and in the very back (just in front of the sofa).  Despite all the ticket sales pitch about how small the theater was and how seating would not matter, we found that seating in the back gave you nothing.  I could barely see the dancers on stage let alone any details.  And for this show specifically, the lighting effect would cause you vision even worse if you sit too far away.  So I'd suggest you go ahead get a better seat in the front.I wouldn't give out spoiler but the show girls in this show were way hotter than Jubilee's.  That's all. Your call.
1	I was expecting something different. Really not that good. The best part were the two guys doing the pop and lock dances.
4	I loved this show!  I'm a big fan of burlesque, cabaret, etc.  This was a great topless show.  Classy, sensual, erotic, but not trashy in the least.  The numbers were great, some better than others.  Loved legs!  The soundtrack was super cute and loved the French inspired songs.  The girls were gorgeous, talented, and overall it was just a really well done production.  Only complaint is how the theatre is set up.  I think it would have been better if everything was round tables, not so close together, and if the stage was slightly bigger.
4	Visited my boyfriend's cousins in Las Vegas and we saw this show.  We enjoyed it a lot.  Alcohol drink prices were okay but $9 for a bottle of Fiji water? After the show, we were waiting for my car from the valet and they were giving out FREE Fiji water. I bought mine at my local Stater Bros on sale for .99 plus tax in California. (Reason why we bought one water was because my boyfriend's cousin's fiance is pregnant).The women in the show are beautiful.  Definitely a lot of legs and a lot of nice, perky breasts.  Bf and I don't go out much since he works all day and there's no way I'm going to see titties without him so this was a treat for us.The boys had 2 each of double shot margarita comes in souvenir cup= $22 eachI had a pineapple upside down cake martini= $14 eachFiji water= $9 each
5	This show was so unique! I really preferred this type of a show vs. the flashy Cirque shows (minus absinthe which was amazing as well). The women in this show were all the same in size and I think that's such a cool thing that they managed to make the show so in sync. It was very sensual but tasteful. I liked the way that the theater was sort of small and intimate so that you could really take in the performance up close no matter where you sat. Every seat is a good seat. I'm sure the show changes rather frequently but the one that I saw I really enjoyed. It reminded me of something from the 60's. My favorite performance was the one to the song "toxic" and there were a few others that I swore I would remember the names to write on yelp but of course cannot remember now! Any-who, this is a must see in Vegas for the tastefully sexy crowd. ** FYI it is topless so don't bring someone that you would feel uncomfortable watching the show with.
5	I loved this show!I'd been wanting to see it for some time, so I took my boyfriend (what a great girlfriend, huh!) to see it, with some friends. We got front seat tickets, so the view was really good. The show was unique, the girls were gorgeous and very apt at dancing and gymnastics. It gave it a sense of class, and not smut. The music and (what little clothes they had on) costumes were cute. The Robotic dancers and Michael Jackson skits were hilarious!Only con? A cocktail and a beer were $24, but the drink (peach something) was SO good...I should have taken the glass it came in...In short, if you're not looking for whores in a g-string, dancing on a pole, burlesque and vodeville fans should definitely check it out!
5	Great show, tastefully done, beautiful girls with authentic bodies. If you come here expecting D sizes cups, walk yourself out the door and go to another show. I was told by others this is the best and classiest cabret show. I would say this is the new cabaret show for vegas. No large feathers and funny suits needed!Very simple stage set up, nice use of lightingI purchased tickets  a couple of days before via vegas.com (I think the offer a better price, but don't quote me on that) and got front row seatsplease be aware you must pick up tickets an hour before the show starts. They also have a 2 drink minimum and they are pricey
5	still a great show, they have changed it up a little bit.  We saw it twice this time!  Highly recommended.
4	As so many reviewers have said, this is a sensual, classy show. The dancers are all gorgeous, lean, and talented. A few of the acts are good old-fashioned squirm in your seat with sensual build-up cabaret style, which were the best in my opinion. I expected a bit more out of the choreography, knowing all the dancers were classically trained, but the whimsical parisian cabaret style was entertaining and sexy. certainly a great show for the price, but as noted, the drink prices were outrageous. I didn't notice a drink minimum as noted by another reviewer, though.
3	interesting
5	As a woman attending her first burlesque show, Crazy Horse Paris is a perfect choice. You can tell by the eclectic crowd - we were surrounded by older couples and young men getting drunk and catcalling. It was beautifully done. The women are beautiful and talented. The music is very fun too! I would definitely go again.
5	!!! I have never been to a burlesque show before. Wow. This was great. The women were absolutely beautiful and danced extremely well. The seating was very intimate. The music was good too. I really can't think of anything to complain about. Even the guys that did the pop-locking routine halfway through the show were entertaining. The show was very tastefully done, I didn't know what to expect and was pleasantly surprised. My girlfriend enjoyed the show just as much as I did. We got lucky, the playmate of the year Claire Sinclair performed with the cast, which was incredible. I am definitely going to see this show again.
1	TERRIBLE....ASKED FOR OUR MONEY BACK.....Since we bought the tickets at half price tickets we couldn't get our money back but they did give us our money back for our drinks.....BORING.....Don't waste your time
4	Not sure how the seating system works but when we got here, they tried sticking us off to the far right which didn't even have a good view of the stage. We had to go back up to the front to see if we could be moved and fortunately, they were able to accommodate. The show was overall entertaining. I have to admit there were parts where I dozed off as I felt it became monotonous ( I was also battling a virus). I wasn't a big fan of the solos as I was with the group numbers (opening, buns, etc.). There were breaks that had male performers which didn't seem to really jive with the overall mood of the show (but even then, they were crowd pleasers).I'm not a big fan of the seating structure as you are screwed if you are sitting directly behind someone who is heavy set or has a big head. We had that scenario the night that we went and it definitely ruined part of the experience.All in all, I enjoyed the show!
4	I saw Crazy Horse Paris several years ago and really enjoyed the show.  It was sexy, classy, and very entertaining.Now that it's closing at MGM in the next week, I needed to go see it again before it's gone.  There was only a minor difference in the two shows I saw.  The one number I really didn't care for was the jailhouse dance.  It seemed interminable and was not that good.  The magician was OK as an interlude, but the three guys who did the "short leg" dancing were a hoot!I really like Upside Down and Chair Me Up.  These are cleverly choreographed and artfully done.I am sorry this show is closing but I'm glad I had the chance to enjoy it twice.
5	Sexy Frenchies dancing on a small stage in an intimate French theme theater. I'm glad to have watched this show before it was taken off, everything about this show from the ticket booth, to the entrance and theater design was just a fun experience. They seat you very close to other guests and would take pictures like they would in any other show. The show is about admiring the female body and is very tantalizing almost like strip tease and not to mention topless! Ooh La La
