4	Just a tourist passing through and saw this walking by and it looked like great space. Friendly staff, great sunset view, good drinks. Probably a little expensive for scotsdale crowd but as a SoCal native it was decently priced.  Hope they do well.
5	A great new place for cocktails and edibles in a high-end atmosphere. The staff is extremely attentive, friendly, and helpful. The decor and design are impeccable, and the location is both convenient and comfortable. This place brings creativity to new heights, and combines the best of all worlds into one extraordinary place.
2	We came to Casablanca on a Saturday night to celebrate a friends birthday.  We thought it would be a good starting place, since it was more a lounge then a lounge/nightclub and somewhere new.The positives were being able to talk to my friends without yelling.  The staff almost had a pin-up style look to them which gave a unique style to the place.  Drink prices are average, but the selection of Scotch's were spectacular.  The music was great playing a lot of classics we haven't heard in a while.  It was busy, but not packed. The menus had a nice lit up LCD screen that made them unique.With that in mind, it couldn't keep us there for a long time.  The bar was very bright making the cozy atmosphere almost seem sterile.  The bar staff took forever to serve my friends, and it just wasn't one person.  A guy friend had to go to one side of the bar and a girl friend had to go to another to see who could get service first, and it wasn't even busy.  The music, albeit great, was old school hip-hop played in a classy bar with the staff dressed to form.  It'd be like going to a Chinese restaurant and listening to salsa music.For now, I think I'd rather just hang out at Olive and Ivy and look over to see if Casablanca has gotten any better.
5	The Casablanca is officially my new favorite place in Old Town Scottsdale!  Wanna know why?  Read more!My girlfriend and I went here on the two week anniversary of The Casablanca's opening, a Saturday night at around 10pm.  Before sitting at a table, we toured the place to see where we wanted to sit.  The decor was beautiful and would have been happy anywhere.  The weather was perfect so we wanted to sit outside, but all of the tables were reserved.  Empty, but reserved.  We grabbed a booth inside while we waited for our friend's to arrive.  We were greeted by a friendly waitress who handed us our light up menus.  That's right, these menus had fancy LED lighting in them.  It was a very cool effect that I have never seen before and it made them easier to read in the dark booth.  So not only cool, by useful.Our friend's joined us at our booth and were also intrigued by the menu lights.  I asked the waitress for a mixed drink recommendation and she went off on how great the Seasonal Buck tastes.  Another waiter came up and also stated how it was his favorite drink.  I figured it's a new place, that's their specialty drink, everyone is raving about it, I've never had it or heard of it, so why not.  A round of Seasonal Bucks please!  The waitress brought the four drinks out and they were in this cool as hell copper mug that we all wanted to steal.  (Don't worry Casablanca, we didn't).  Then we all tried the drink.  I'd say it was a unanimous decision that it was the best tasting mixed drink each of us has ever had.  I'd go back just for this drink.  Seriously.  We had to order another round.More friends arrived and they informed us that they had a reserved table outside with drink service.  We joined them for some Red Bull and vodkas.  Comfortable seats, perfect weather, nice views of the streets below, more friendly wait staff.  I think the lounge is going to take off once more people hear of it.  The Casablanca will definitely be my go to place when looking for a fun night out in Old Town.There are plenty of reasons to go, but if for no other reason, go to The Casablanca Lounge for the Seasonal Buck drink.  Damn, that's a tasty drink!PS: Just found a YouTube video on how to make the Seasonal Buck:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iz1Q-cLFDDw
1	We came here because my friend loves rooftop bars and our friend suggested we check this place out. I guess rooftop bars in Cali are very different then in AZ because we were very let down. I'll break it down as simply as possible. Pros:Quiet- Don't have to shout to be heard.Quick serviceLight up menus- LIGHT UP MENUS! So cool.Cons:Over priced drinks- Payed like $60 for 3 drinks. Ouch! Even in Cali that would be crazy."Specialty" drinks- Our waitress assured us this is what they are known for. The drinks had liquors I had never heard of before, so I asked what would be the closest to rum. The suggestion she made sounded great but when it came it was blech in my mouth. It tasted of just straight up ginger. There was no notes of any alcohol, or pleasant flavors. I decided to give it another try and got a drink that claimed to have pineapple, orange, and other flavors I like. When it came it tasted like I was drinking cooking sherry. Where was the pineapple? The oranges? NOTHING! Gross, gross drinks. cougar/creeper town- When we arrived it was empty. By the time we were going to leave I needed to use the restroom. I had to push my way through a crowd of people at least twice my own age. The dance floor was full of just older people. This place is definitely not the place for the younger crowd. I will keep away from this place like the plague to save my taste buds and my wallet.
1	It's places like these that really makes me hate going out in Scottsdale.  A pretentious, somber lit establishment where waitresses look like Dita Von Tease.  The one pro of this place is the lit up menus.  Those are pretty rad.  I will not be coming back!!
2	Yes, the place is nice, but it is true, the service needs a lot of work.  When I came in, I asked the hostess to direct me to the group of girls I was meeting.  On my way there, I girl jump on my path, I didn't know who she was, but she was so rude, she cut me off, and on top she gives me the "EXCUSE ME" with the two snaps and a zig zag attitude. Later I realized she was a server.  Way to go, customer service.  I just laughed it off, because I was going to have fun with my girls.  I love meeting girlfriends out and there is very little that can upset me enough to not enjoy my night.  I really wanted to like this place, but the owners need to hire more experienced management and servers.  Not everyone is cut out to do customer service, specially in the "service industry".  My drink was good, I stayed with a safe bet I have had before.  I asked if I could have a taste, instead our server said she would ask the bartender to match my taste and  if I didn't like it she could switch it. I hate returning drinks.  It would have been so much easier to just let me have a taste and if I liked it, I would have had it.  The cheese platter was really pathetic for $25.  Hopefully they will take care of the kinks, because the place is very nice and the music was great.  This could be such a great place to hang out with friends and chit chat, without loosing your voice.
2	In the 30 minutes I was at Casablanca, I was underwhelmed. To say the least. The service is absolute shit. It's a really great atmosphere and there was an amazing live band and I even liked the light-up menus, but the service killed it for me. The manager tried to come over and salvage an experience that was spiraling downward for myself and seven other girls. She made it worse. Trying to get our checks sorted out was a nightmare. I almost felt sorry for our server because she clearly wasn't capable or prepared to handle a table of eight. We were told she was new by the manager, which I also didn't like. Why would you assign a new server to a group? She didn't know what was in the drinks and wasn't familiar with the menu. One of the girls in our group had to flag down the manager just to get my one (and only) round of drinks. I'd love to give this place another shot if they can invest in better service. The company, however, was fabulous! To all the ladies out on Saturday night, I had a blast with you all! Despite the Casablanca shitstorm. Does anyone know the name of the band that was playing there on Saturday? I'd definitely love to see them again (at another venue!).
4	The pros: cool place, nice decor, not too loud, comfy seating, great outdoor patio areas, Yummy drinks, nice crowd but not overcrowded.The cons: tip was added to bill, and when I paid, waitress never brought me back my change. Very tacky.
2	Casablanca. With a name like that you expect great things. What comes to mind for me is the movie, which could very easily go down as one of the top ten films of all time. Casablanca might go down as one of my top ten worst dining/going out experiences of all time, so I guess there is SOME similarity? That's stretching it...I am going to relate my experience here to the early stages of dating. You meet the guy and the first impression is fantastic. You even think "Oh my gosh, maybe he's THE ONE!" and you can't wait to spend time with them. Maybe you meet for drinks for the first date, the guy was late, but you have delish drinks and great convo. You can't wait for a second date. Second date, you go to dinner. the food takes almost an hour to come out and is awful but you don't want to be a debbie downer and say anything. You pick at it in awkward silence as suddenly the glamour of what could have been has worn off and you realize you don't have much to say to this guy. But hey, maybe it was an "off" night. Then the guy pulls the whole "I forgot my wallet" act and you are stuck with the bill for something you didn't even enjoy in the first place. On top of that, there are items on the bill you didn't even order, but you just want to get the heck out of there so you pay. There are lots of apologies, he still tries to kiss you, and you leave irritated and pissed off wishing you had those two hours back, BUT that musician at the restaurant was super hot. Hmmm, wonder if he is single? Casablanca looks great and sends out a great vibe. I was initially excited we were kicking off the evening there. Then to discover they weren't ready for our group (and they had weeks of notice) and made us stand around while they pushed tables together, etc. AWKWARD. The light up menus and drinks were fun and began to turn things around for me. I LOVED their seasonal drink and the Sophia bubbly. Then the food came (literally after an hour of us ordering it, I don't think most realized this otherwise we all probably would have been disgruntled a lot sooner) The food is a JOKE. The cheese and meat plate, all I could think was "WTF?" It was pathetic. We all had the thought about Postino being way better. But to be honest, I can't even help you understand how bad it was. The fact that a classy Scottsdale joint would serve that to their patrons (with a $25 price tag) and think people will be okay with it blows my mind. Tiny pieces of cheese. Pre packaged, presliced salami. Crackers I can find at Safeway. The hummus, also pathetic. It should be called the tzatziki plate. And we were given maybe three pieces of actual pita and told they were going to charge us for more. WOW. The blue cheese olives were the only thing I found yum, unique and not disappointing. Now we get to the fun part. The god awful service. Some girls got there late so I decided to hunt down our server so they could order a drink before we left. I was wandering for five minutes (and the place is not very big) before someone FINALLY asked if I needed help. I don't blame our server for this at all. This is management and the event coordinator's fault. (Oh, and the event coordinator, I'd like to know what exactly her job is. She greeted us, said she'd be back to get us a round of drinks and was never to be found again. It wasn't that busy nor did it look like there were any other large groups there) The manager finally came out as if to our rescue and made things worse. I would rather have dealt with the newbie server and walked her through it patiently. Instead it took us 30 minutes to sort out the bill, which was separated into eight difference checks (when we had asked that three of us get put on one to "make it easy", we were charged for items we didn't order, and even when they "fixed" it there were errors but we just rolled with it because we so desparately wanted to leave. Luckily we went to Mabel's after which was a 5 star experience so the night was quickly redeemed and we had a BLAST. The ONLY reason this place gets two stars instead of one: The entertainment was AMAZING and the place has potential to be better. I really hope they get their act together.
3	4 stars for the patrons that attended. good looking, generally friendly, and hardly any douchebags.2 stars for the cleanliness. I was there last night for a reserved, catered party and even though the food had run it's course on the patio, nobody cleaned it up. fantastic decor coupled with disgusting expired looking food2 stars for the bar service. ordered drinks three times and despite being at the barfront, it took 15mins each time to get a drink - which was generally underserved and overpriced. and this wait time wasnt just because sex girls were getting served... the bartenders were just that poor3 stars for the ambiance. music, staff, mood of the club. 2.75 stars overall. with places similar to this such as mabels and az88, i prob wouldnt go back to this place unless invited.
4	Best music i've heard in a long time. Great DJ (joe malloy, the proper villain entertainment), good vibe and good drinks! And, fancy menus.
5	The bar is superb. Rich and Tyson are the real deal. This is the only place I've been to in a Red State that matches the authentic quality of East Coast bars. Food? Never tried it, and who cares? Go to Applebees for that. A bar is all about the drinks, the bar tenders' personality and service, and the vibe. I will definitely be coming back.(Anyone who is a regular, feel free to connect with me. I just moved to Phoenix from Boston and I'm looking for other expats...or those who are East Coast at heart)
4	I loved this place when it was Estate House..... though I never ate there. Just drank. Lots. But I did love the fact that it was a rooftop bar, with a great view of downtown or the waterfront, depending on which side you sat. Who doesn't love a good glass of wine on a warm spring day, while watching the sun set? This girl loves it.I was sad when Estate House closed, but was hopeful that something else just as great would open up. I think some sort of Cigar bar opened there... which I never went to. But then, as per usual in old town, that closed too, and then I heard rumblings of this new lounge opening.I'll be the first to admit that I'm no longer hip. A big night out for me is staying up until 10:30pm. I was a bit worried about heading to Casablanca after dinner one night with friends and all the cool people at the bar laughing at me. Well, I can say, they didn't laugh. They were actually very low key, nice and welcoming. We sat outside, enjoyed some great drinks - and my husband just adored their Scotch selection.We have gone back a few times for after dinner drinks - and each time we have a blast. I love this place - I really really hope it sticks!
1	I wouldn't know they wouldn't let me in, pretty much discriminated against.  The door man is not the owner but believes he is.  Thanks for letting me not spend money at your joint.
4	First time there..loved the interior lounge, velvet slipper chairs, low tables, window seats, intimate yet open, dark rich colors, warm lighiting. Out door patio several seating areas a fire pit. All comfy and cozy seating. Ginger Basil Ciphirina...WOW! Great music and on Friday nights a jazz trio. I am definitely going back there with my husband next time.
5	This place is great. Each dish is carefully made and they always make sure the customer is happy. Top shelf drinks, food, and staff... But more importantly the atmosphere. Shelly our bartender/waitress and all the staff members are so nice and attentive. I cant say enough good things about this Lounge!Simply put, if you get a chance to go, go. Just. Go.
5	With the right company, this place is awesome! Particularly, because the few times I've been it hasn't been crowded, it's like having the world's best bartender make craft cocktails to suit your personal palate as you sit by a fire pit and enjoy live music! Shell, mixed a delicious Manhattan with a Croatian cherry liquor for me -- a super cool giant ice ball to keep it chilled and, after finding out about my desire to keep the calories down, treated me to an awesome tequila drink with a natural juice fresh fruit. The pork sliders were good... but, she's right, those short rib tacos are awesome!!Can't wait to go back!!
4	Ambiance is great..good location.. great starter place with friends, or a date night. Love the music.. (A live jazz night would be awesome)  Lost a star for service.. they seem confused, Drinks are expensive
3	Stopped by Casablanca Lounge on a Thursday night. First impression was it's very hard to find. Upon entering, a great looking room with awesome patios. I like to think of myself as a cocktail enthusiast. The cocktail menu read well and a couple of drinks really stood out. Had their seasonal mule and a couple of shots of whiskey that were harder to find in the valley. Bartenders were great and happy with the drinks. Then the music went on, we had migrated to the patio to enjoy a wonderful AZ night and were blasted by distorted and terrible guitarist / vocalist. I really wanted to throw him a fish! We lasted about 4 songs then tabbed out and left after we couldn't bare the musical ear infection anymore. As we left we realized how awful the music really was, we heard 2 more groups on the street comment on where that awful music is coming from. All in all, Place is cool. Drinks and bar staff great. Minus one star for location and signage. Almost minus two but just one star for music. Maybe they were just entertaining one of their investors and letting his son play or something!
4	This place was really cool. You can call for a reservation or make one at Opentable.com (which is what I did).The one complaint I had (lets get it out of the way now) is that I tried to reserve a table for 8 (girls night out) and opentable kept giving me the message that that wouldnt be possible for several months. When we got there, it was empty, and even after it filled up there were plenty of tables for a party that size wide open.Ok. Glad I got that out of my system.The ambiance here is great. Dimly lit, very lavish comfortable seating areas. The staff was friendly and the menus light up! I just think that thats a brilliant idea. There are so many places that I see people using their cell phone to read menus or sign their tabs. here, both the menu and tab jacket light up. They also leave an Ipad at your table that has lists of all their cocktails, beers, wines, and spirits at your table. Which was cool. I had their cocktail that has "japanese" in the title. It was good, but not really my thing. My second drink was mixed beautifully however. I was suprised at how limited their vodka selection was though (personal preference).All in all, this was a great place to start the evening.
4	I think this place is at 3.5 stars for the moment, but I will round up based on my drink and bartender alone!  The 5 STAR moment: I had a VERY VERY good Tom Collins, made by a handsome bartender.  My friend and I decided to move to a table since we decided to order food, and the bartender continued to serve us, even though he had to continually walk around the bar.  It was nice and professional of him not to switch us over/close us out. The management was also very polite to come over to inquire about our experience at Casablanca.  The unfortunate part in our experience was our food was VERY late.  I know the food comes from the Herb Box, which is tasty and the restaurant was very busy (Saturday night), but the food was less than desirable how and when it was served.  The staff apologized and they did discount the food, so they did try and make it right. My biggest issue with the whole food experience is this has happened to me before with a large group here.  As far as the ambiance goes, this place is 'loungey' as the name says, with dark corners, dim lighting and cozy seating.  There is usually a band or a DJ playing enjoyable/soothing tunes.  It was dead when we arrived, but it picked up around 9...I am not complaining though because we were therefor able to have an outstanding bar experience. Main point:  Go to Casablanca for drinks and the lounge...not the food.
2	We were excited to Casablanca for date night, as we loved it when it was the Estate House. We arrived a bit early for our 7:30pm reservations and were led outside, past all of the cozy seats inside. I thought it odd we weren't asked for a preference. But wait--it got worse. We were also taken past all of the cozy couches outside facing the movie playing and seated at this strange area way in the back. Between our two chairs, which overlooked the street, we had a giant heater and small table (in May). So much for date night. (The light-up menus are totally cool, though the selection is small.)But wait--it still gets worse. Apparently our corner was the smoking area (!?), so they actually seated me, a severe asthmatic, in the middle of it. Thanks.We ordered a crab dip, the sliders and the tacos. While waiting, we did get our well-mixed drinks. But then our waiter totally disappeared. After 35 minutes a water guy apologized for our slow food service. After 45 minutes it finally appeared. The two pork dishes were ok--but served totally lukewarm. The tacos were beautifully plated; the limes even had perfect grill marks on them. But couldn't they put that much care into getting me my damn food in a timely manner? While it's still hot? We didn't care for the crab dip, but that could be a personal thing. The plantain chips were yummy.The final rub came with the service. Our waiter literally never came back after taking our order. When we decided we had enough, we actually went inside and stood at the empty bar and asked for our tab. Interestingly, no one thought that was odd.So there we go. Bad service, mediocre food. We won't be back.
4	This place is a great lounge. The place was very classy. Lots of seating both indoor and out. They have a variety of liquor. Lots of high-end brands. The drink prices are a little high, but normal for a place like this. The music in the inside area was too loud to have a conversation without yelling. But, if you were sitting outside it would have been fine. The staff seemed friendly and helpful. This would be a great place to go with friends for drinks if you wanted a more low-key, upscale place to hang out.
4	Nice lounge, good views and neat menus. The service had high points and low points. Upon walking in and wandering around looking for a place to sit down a waitress approached us and offered to help find our group a place to sit down and relax. Within 5 minutes she had a large seating area cleaned and ready for us. The low point was when I ordered a vodka martini on the rocks with a twist but got a regular martini, in a martini glass, with an olive.  I thought that was a bit odd for a high end lounge but maybe I should just learn to order more popular drinks in the future.  Full disclosure - I am rooting for these waterfront places to succeed. It has been a tough few years and I admire the business owners who keep putting these places out there hoping that one day their venture on Southbridge will make it for the long haul.
5	This is my go to and send to for anyone visiting or a local.  Love the drink selection and recipes.  All the mixologists are spot on ith presentation and palate selection.  If you're looking to get a vodka soda or something to that degree you may want to try something out of your comfort zone and go with their specialty cocktails.  It's got great outdoor and indoor seating for groups and one-on-one type convo which is great.  Days for being busy and energetic are hit and miss but it's more of a place to enjoy the people your with and maybe starting light conversation with a fellow patron.  Everyone is always very polite, professional and knowledable.  They also have a private room for rent for private parties which is great as well.  Always my go to for any type of classy or casual occassion.
3	Comfortable, loungie atmosphere inside with a nice patio outside on the 2nd level of a building at Southbridge in downtown Scottsdale. There was live music the night I was there. If you sit at the bar, you order your drink off of an Ipad. In my opinion, this is very impersonal. I couldn't request a certain drink off the ipad either, so we waited to order from the bartender. He was super busy and when he finally took the time to talk to us, he didn't seem enthusiastic about making a drink that wasn't on the menu.  In the end, my drink did turn out pretty good (some mixed whiskey drink), but that's not the only reason I go to a fancy bar. I expected a friendly bartender ready to bestow some mixology wisdom on me! This didn't happen. I recommend going during happy hour, if they have one. The drinks are very expensive.
5	Stopped in Casablanca on 8/16. I was in town on business.   It was winding down with very few people.   However I liked the decor and feeling. Kyle and Sarah were excellent.  Next trip I hope to catch the live music
5	Love, love, love this place!  Atmosphere is the best...beautifully designed interior and great patio with exquisite views.  Well mixed cocktails...try the strawberry thyme royal...you won't be sorry.  Great service too!
4	Loved the live music (Thursday night) as well as the ambience.  Had an old Audrey Hepburn movie playing in the background (Breakfast at Tiffany's, I think?) outside on the deck.  Great place to have it and a nice set up.  Wasn't overly crowded either.Considering there weren't that many people, service was a bit slow.  Drinks are also on the pricier side too.  But I'd come back, esp. if there's live music.
4	This place is pretty nice. We went for a bachelorette party and sat on the patio which was pretty much filled up with people but the inside wasnt too full. They give you an ipad with their menu on it which is kinda cool. Theres a screen outside that plays movies but with no sound and they were showing breakfast at tiffanys which seemed appropriate. The staff is friendly and helpful. I wasnt a fan of the specialty cocktails, but theyre not bad. They had a dj there that was really loud though, and that seemed really out of place, especially since noone was dancing despite it being pretty busy. All in all i liked it though.
3	Sigh... If this place had a little better service, I could over look their high priced cocktails. They are all set up for an upscale lounge, but they don't quite deliver. We've been there several times but every time it gets a little worse.  Though I can't give it under 3 stars because they have the best roof top deck in Old Town and they do make killer drinks. If you want to smoke a cigar and drink a cocktail on the roof, this is the place to be. Just go to the bar to get your drinks, it's faster I promise!
4	I really like the Casablanca Lounge!The Casablanca Lounge overlooks a small strip in the historic district of Scottsdale, Arizona.  The outdoor rooftop patio is very accommodating to cigar smokers and is arranged to be conducive to any size party.There is a large movie screen where various films are shown (without sound), which is a neat touch, but I don't know that it really adds anything to the ambiance.I have been to Casablanca Lounge on at least three separate occasions and each time, the inside of the lounge is empty.
5	I just went to this place yesterday with my older sisters for the first time.  The Casablanca is awesome!  Before I was 21, I would always walk by this place hoping to visit it someday.  When I went inside, this place was much classier than I imagined.  My sisters and I opened up our menus and were in awe of their light-up menus!  I think I kept opening and closing mine for a short while, lol.  Everything is clean and prestine.  When my beer arrived, it was in a beautiful glass with NO water stains whatsoever!!  This is not a place where you have to check your glass to make sure there aren't lip stains from a previous customer...  Jimmy and Ken were the bartenders taking care of us last night.  They were both VERY friendly and funny!  Ken should be a comedian!!  He had my sisters and I laughing for 2 hours!  Yes, the drinks are a bit pricey, but the drinks are fabulous!  It is definitely a treat to go to The Casablanca, and well worth the price.  :)
5	Kenny and Jimmy were the best bartenders ever!!! They were so genuinely nice and made us feel so welcome! Ken definitely has a gift to make people laugh. My sisters and I felt like we knew him all our lives. We will be back!!!    Thanks Jim and Kenny!!!!!
4	This was the last of 5 stops on our Valentine's celebration adventure. What can I say, my man knows I have to see the town. After Kazimierz we were elated to actually have a cushy place to sit, with service! The entertainment and crowd were more of the mid 40s-50s variety but we had a good time. And I appreciated a little ethnic diversity here in Scottsdale (a bit more like I was back home in L.A.). I got up to join in on the Cupid Shuffle at one point, and my watermelon cocktail (while heavy on the jalapeno) was refreshing.
4	Found this place via Groupon.  It has a nice vibe to it.  Hard to find though....it's located on the 2nd floor and it's not obvious how to get up there.  It's also not obvious where you should park....there are 3 options:1 - Street parking.  However, arrive at happy hour and you'll be circling around forever trying to find a spot.2 - Parking lot.  There are a few small parking lots around the area.  Best bet if you want to self park.  Just be careful you're not in a tow zone for a building that only allows you to park there if you go into one of their businesses.3 - Valet lot.  There's a valet parking service that on the opposite corner of this place.  It will cost you $$$.Once you get inside the place, it's a cool joint.  They have live music outside on the patio and if the weather is great, it will be packed out there.  The vibe inside is pretty cool too....it's dark, which I like.  I don't like lounges that are well lit....to me, that's not a lounge experience.The food is pretty good too.  The Better Half and I shared the Short Rib Tacos ($13), Jerk Pork Sliders ($10), Pita & Hummus ($9), and the Edamame ($6).  The Short Rib Tacos were fantastic and my favorite out of the bunch.  The Sliders were good too.  The Pita & Hummus and Edamame were nice appetizers to get us started.  Return Factor - 85%
1	My friend and I just went in, asked for cocktail menus, and then sat for 20 minutes trying to get the bartenders attention to take our orde.r, while he immediately took the orders of groups of men who .walked up to the bar. It wasn't even crowded and it was completely futile to get a drink in there. Needless to say we walked out drinkless.
4	I wish I knew about this place before just last week. After dinner at the Herb Spot, we went upstairs to the lounge. I had no idea what i was getting into.The evening I went, the crowd was much older.There was a band playing with the smooth sounds of George Hamilton busting out some Motown and R&B hits and sounded really good.There is a nice outdoor area.I'd much rather head to this place to hang out for drinks then some of the trendier places around the area.Drinks are reasonable and received my drinks pretty quickly.
4	I attended a private party in the speakeasy.  It was quite a fantastic set up!  Super cozy and intimate with a decent sized patio and pool table.  Television, couches, chairs.  It was really great.  The ordering was a bit confusing, there was an ipad involved but it was just easier to ask to server for what we wanted.
1	I've been here a few times before and thought it was a pretty cool place..I love lounges, great patio, good place to hang out with friends and have a drink.....but that was last year.  Walked in here last week on a weeknight.  There wasn't a single person in the place.  The bartender and the waitress were kinda hanging out.  Bartender hands us menus.  I ask if they have blue cheese olives to make a dirty martini.  He gives me some story about how they can't because they aren't a kitchen (huh?..whatever) and he walks back into something that looks like a kitchen.  Then he doesn't come back.  And doesn't come back.....5-10 minutes go by and we are awkwardly sitting at the bar wondering what the heck just happened?!!..  So we leave.  Clearly they didn't want to have to serve customers.This place needs to either shut its doors or get better service that cares about keeping customers there.
5	Great place to relax and soak in the ambiance. The drink prices reflect the high quality assortment they carry. Nice selection of single malt Scotches by the way! The outdoor patios (3) are cool. The patio allows you to enjoy a cigar with your adult beverage. Always a plus.The service was outstanding all night long.
2	WowHas this place gone downhill.Now we get attitude and poor cocktail skillsThe people who opened this place are gone, and it showsI won't be back.Not fun any more.
3	The decor of this place is really neat. It's dim and intimate inside (in fact, it's so dim they have to give you a menu that lights up!) and they have some really comfy chairs to sit on. The DJ who was working on Saturday night was playing some fun music, but the volume was a little too loud for a "lounge."  I could only talk to the people sitting immediately next to me, and even then I had to yell a little.  The patio was a nice escape from the loud music.  They had a lot of seating out there and a nice view of the courtyard to people watch.
5	Came to Casablanca Lounge on a Friday night. We were the first people there and were given many free drinks to start (since it was our first time there EVER). The atmosphere was upscale and the bartenders were very awesome. There was one named Charlie who stood out from the rest!About an hour after we got there, a DJ started playing music and apparently it gets pretty packed later in the night. I can't wait to go back!
1	without a doubt the worst service I have ever received ... last night, Thursday Oct 24th, we arrived at the lounge which is absolutely beautiful ... a band was playing and they were wonderful ... we were three of maybe 20 customers in the entire place and we took seats at the bar. it took a good 8 to 10 minutes for the bartender to get to us although we were trying to get her attention ... she appeared to be a new bartender as she was searching for bottles and did not seem to know the location of things behind the bar.we enjoyed our cocktails and listened to the band, after about 25 or 30 minutes I was ready for another cocktail, try as I may I could not get the bartenders attention, mind you, at this point there were maybe only 10 customers in the entire bar including the patio area ... I finally got the attention of the manager who came behind the bar and he got me a second cocktail.  during the time that he was getting my cocktail the band took a break between sets, when the band was ready to start the final set, it took about 7 or 8 minutes for them over the microphone to get the attention of the manager and bartender to turn off the house music ... at this point there are only 5 people in the bar who were all laughing because it was so funny that the band could not get the attention of the employees, the manager finally turned off the house music and the band began playing the final set, at this point my two friends were ready for their second cocktail and we again could not get the attention of the bartender or the manager ... we were literally waving our arms for a good 5 minutes trying to get their attention, I finally got up from my seat and walked to the end of the bar where the manager was socializing with the bartender and I asked him if I could speak to him for a moment to which she said sure and stepped from behind the bar to talk to me and I explained to him that although the bar was beautiful and the band was very engaging and wonderful that the service was absolutely horrible ... his response was, and I quote " well then I think you've had enough and you guys should leave", absolutely no apology for the poor service, just told us to leave, mind you, my friends were still waiting for just thier secnd drink and I was still enjoy my second. I absolutely will not be back and I will be contacting the general manager to discuss the situation. On a side note, The manager on duty seemed to be flirting and making himself very familiar with the bartender. I did pay my $30 tab and tipped the bartender $5 ... even though the service was very slow, she was friendly and again it was obvious that she was new.  The managers attitude on the other hand was horrific and completely unacceptable.
5	If your looking for a low-key place to have a couple drinks, this is the place. The balcony has awesome views and its in the heart of old town. Its a must try at least once or twice. The menus are electronic! Innovative, I must say :)
1	I'm sad to report that "The Casablanca Lounge" that was a welcome oasis in a sea of cocktail mediocrity has morphed into just another downtown Scottsdale bar.What attracted me instantly to The Casablanca Lounge were skilled and thoughtful bartenders that would produce wonderful and interesting craft cocktails with quality ingredients and were absolutely focused on quality, artisanal recipes and most of all, the experience of mixology from a time long forgotten.I was "this" close to recommending it for my companies in flight magazine as one of the last great American bar experiences, but I'm sort of relieved that I never got around to submitting my recommendation.It starts like this.My wife and I thought we'd drop by for a cocktail this last saturday night for a delicious and interesting craft cocktail.We approach the door and there's a podium set up and a lady we hadn't seen before who asked us, "May I help you?""We're just here for some cocktails."A pause."Well, it's $10 for men, $5 for women."That's odd, well, it was already past midnight so I didn't think it was worth paying a cover, which we hadn't been asked to pay before so I turned around."$5!  $5 each! $5 for both!"Odd.  But then she let us in free.  We walked into the bar and it... was... disgusting.  Dirty floors, glasses across the bar, unattended and it looked like a disaster area.  We find a couple of clean seats at the bar and wait.... and wait.. and wait.  I disappear to the restroom and my wife is going to order a couple of drinks.  Then I realized that they must have had a management change because I've seen better kept restrooms in a Greyhound bus station.  During previous visits, this would have never happened.I return to the bar and our two cocktails have arrived.Instead of orange and lemon zest in our cocktails, we've literally got orange and lemon peels (thick pith and all) in our drinks, an incorrect liquor was used (we ordered Basil Haydens and we were charged Basil Haydens prices but for something with much lower quality) and the drink was absolutely incorrect.After another 15 minutes, and watching some strange man walk in and out of the bar area that seemed to be a manager (tall guy, coat, scarf) but didn't seemed concerned with the operation of the bar, but seemed more interested in drunken female patrons and collecting numbers), we finally found a bartender to talk to about our cocktails.He agreed that they weren't made properly and that there are a lot of new people and training was fairly lacking.Sad.  We're already 45 minutes in, at this point, and I haven't had more than a couple of sips of my re-made beverage when one of the nastiest things on earth happens.I feel something sticky on my pant leg and there's a large glob of gum was stuck on the leg of my chair and was now smashed into my pants.  I grabbed a napkin and did my best to remove it, but I'm afraid even as of Sunday, 22 hours later, my pants are permanently ruined.I'm both pissed and sad.I'm pissed about my experience and paying $30 for two drinks that I could have gotten poorly made ANYWHERE.And I'm sad because one of the reliable greats, and oasis of cocktail wonderful in downtown Scottsdale has died under what seems to be horrific management, unskilled bartenders and a lack of basic bar cleanliness.  My favorite pants are absolutely ruined.How this place went from a place that I would recommend to all of my friends and colleagues to an expensive, pretentious version of "Patti's" should be a federal crime.Disgusting.  Unclean.  Pretentious.  Save this place.
3	Stopped here for a couple drinks around 5 pm on a Saturday night.  Looks like more of a club than an evening hangout. There were only about 10 other people there.  DJ was playing 80's/early 90's R&B, so if that's your style, roll in here.  Small selection of apps, but we just came for drinks.  Great patio.  Friendly staff.  A decent place to grab a drink if you're in Old Town.
5	I was here back in 10/13 and thought this place was on its way out.  Thankfully the little details that make a nightspot a gem were all addressed.Diversity, Class & it seemed like folks come to Casablanca to have fun.1. ALL the staff were on point.  From the gal at the door; the bouncers were cool; the bartenders were smooth with drink prep.  Who slices a lemon to rub on the rim of a glass and then takes a towel to wipe the glass down????  I'd expect that from a place charging more than just $10 at the door.  Nice touch.  The guy in the restroom seemed like he knew each paper towel personally & actually pointed out an upturned collar and another dudes tie that was tucked into his pants.  Classy.2.  The live music.  The band was SWIF Music...hands down the best band I've seen in AZ.  PERIOD.  A full band playing R&B and doing it well....never seen it before in AZ.  They had the floor packed & folks were getting it in.  The back vocalists were dancing, the lead was dancing.  If you've ever seen a local band with big talent, you'll know how it felt.  They had a song about remembering to visit the bartenders.  You'd think it would come off as trashy but they grooved it.  They did Treasure by Bruno Mars & Remember the Time by MJ back to back and killed both of em.  If you like live R&B with a seamless band, you can pay $$$ to see Mint Condition or you can check SWIF out.  (https://www.facebook.com/SwifMusic)3.  Patrons.  It looked initially like the normal mix of scottsdale pretty people and the folks that came to watch/touch them.  That changed quick.  This goes back to the band cuz they turned up the energy and the well dressed folks in the room started dancing.  It was over from there.  I like seeing folks that put in effort to look their best put in work on the floor.  Old folks, young, white & black....everybody was rocking.  This mix is seen all over scottsdale but not in such a classy & fun way.  4.  DJ's.  Reggae outside and a ridiculous 90's/Top 40 mix that never sagged indoors.  The DJ's were in tune with the room and it showed.The owners & investors at Casablanca should be very proud.
4	Fun place to go and sit roof-top on comfy couches with a great view of downtown Scottsdale.   Entertainment was good on a Friday night and I would recommend for either a date or a group event.  Food was just ok, that's why it didn't get 5 stars.
1	WowWorst service everWe came in and sat down and no waitress ever came by to visit usWhen we finally asked for a waitress she came over and asked us what do you wantOur response was menus would be niceNo refills of  water we were just pretty much ignored the rest of the nightWe put a credit card down to hold open a tabThen tried to pay cash and that confused the waitresses even furtherAs I write this review we are  still waiting for the cash and the credit card and a manager it's been 15 minutes
3	My husband and I went here on a Friday for date night. I enjoyed the decor and the outside patio. It was a nice crowd and you can tell the people came dressed to impress. The DJ on the outside patio was superb and the views of the city made the evening. I really wanted to kick up my heels with the crowd but the music was too loud for the space and the inside seating was very limited unless you reserved a table.
4	This is a nice casual upscale bar/lounge. The ambiance makes this lounge good for friendly outings or dating. They have a nice inside area and two separate outside seating areas (one including a DJ).  The drinks were good- I ordered their lemonade concoction.   The staff/servers were all very accommodating. The age range seemed to be 27-36 yrs. old. We went on a friday night and paid  a $5 cover. Give it a try.
1	This place is not organize and has management problem, we had a birthday celebration and everyone decided to meet up at the lounge at 8pm,there was about 15 people in our group, I was expecting a server within 20 minuets, our table was outside and it was hot and humid, 45 minuets later still no server and we are so thirsty and uncomfortable, I went to the bar and I asked a waitress if we can have a table as I see there was a lot of vacant tables, server explained that in order for me to be set inside I have to spend a minimum of $160.00 and I asked per table ??, server replied "no each one has to spend 160.00" per person, this is ridiculous !!!  @9pm there was 4 waitresses inside just happy chatting away and there was no server outside within an hour, I heard another table complaining about service, we walked out the place at 9pm and went to another restaurant to eat and drink and came back to Casablanca to join our friends again, and stayed just an hour and had 1 drink, all the time I was in Casablanca and  1 round of drinks to birthday girl, we could have spent more money on this place, I would rather spend our money someplace else that deserves our welcome, because of the service fiasco and the way your snooty server treated me and my friends we will not come back to this place, whoever owns this place my heart goes out to them, this place  is a money pit and their staff and management are huge liabilities, band is great and location is great, I am a business owner and entrepreneur..shame how they handle business.
2	I had my B'Day party at this establishment Sat the 19th. We had a party of 12. First of all let me state that I heard abt this place on the radio 104.3. So I yelped for the reviews and checked the website. The website indicated that they opened at 6:00 pm. Well we got there early to get seats. We found out that they do not open till 8:00 pm. The gentleman at the door indicated that 8:00 pm are the summer hours. This should have been on their website. The marketing on the radio was incorrect as well strike one.Secondly: Once we got in and found seats for my party of 12 we tried to order snacks. The website indicated that they served a light fare of munchies. Well... No munchies at all! No food served. So my girlfriend and I walked to the Mexican restaurant on the corner to get snacks. You may Say you should have called. Well I did call and left a mssg telling someone in the cloud that I was having a party their and wanted to reserve a space. To date I never received a call back. Strike twoThirdly: I ordered a strawberry type of drink it was delicious my friend ordered a Raspberry Martini again delicious. We tried to order another round and a different waitress said we do not serve that kind of drink. We looked at each other and told the waitress we just order those drinks and wanted another round so you are not familiar with your own menu. Strike threeWe wanted to speak to a mgr or better yet the owner but nobody knew who they were working for. Can you say strike four just for GPThen the website indicated that there are two patios one facing old town Scottsdale the other facing Camelback Mtn. This is not true. If one of the patios face Camelback the other buildings are blocking the Mtn. Strike fiveIt was advertised on the radio 104.3 that there is reserved seating with bottle Svc started at $100.00. Well when we inquired about this service they indicated that this service started at $150.00. Strike sixOk you may say darn what a bummer. Well I took my party with me so in-spite  of the false advertisement, outdated website and waitresses that did not have a clue over all we all had a great time. The DJ was awesome and the band.....all I can say is wow. The keyboard player Josh Harley was awesome....the lead singer I met in the elevator coming into the establishment could sing to me anytime and everyday just loved loved loved them.Overall I would not recommend this place. I recommend that you have dinner first. This is not a pickup place. If you bring your own party you will have fun. Please take heed to the six strikes that NEED TO BE RESOLVED.
5	Stumbled across this spot while out in AZ on vacation.  Went on a Saturday night and they had a live band that was off the chain.  The lounge was nice and the service was great.  We danced until the spot closed at 2. We also met the manager and he  gave us access to a back room lounge.  (Good looking out)  Next time I'm in Scottsdale I will definitely be stopping through.  Not just for the music and atmosphere but during my 5 days in Scottsdale it was the first time I actually saw a bunch of people that looked like me  (Finally)  Go check it out you'll have a great time!
4	This was a cool night spot. 2 DJ'S, indoor and outdoor.  The white dj outside was banging for real . Friday night was reggae set and Saturdays was hip hop and live band. Very diverse,  no craziness,  just everyone dancing, smoking cigars on the patio and having fun. Some sexy ladies and 2 for 1 cirocs and Henny 's happy hour  till 10pm both nights. I would come back again. .
4	Nice spot.. I liked the fact the that its a 30+ crowd. Nice balcony seating if you want to be outside. They allow you to bring your own cigar's or you can purchase from their selection. The DJs were pretty good as well.
1	Worst place in Old Town Scottsdale. Do not waste your 10 bucks walking in the door if you want actual customer service.
5	Great atmosphere and AMAZING food! The cocktails are carefully crafted and tasted great.
1	Where to start... I run a wine club and once a month we meet at a different restaurant for a couple glasses of wine and apps (30 people). I made a reservation for last night at Casablanca and talked personally to the manager a  month ago. I specifically asked "Do you have food?" because I had only been there for drinks and wasn't sure. I was reassured by the manager that yes, they did have food no worries. Well we showed us last night, 30 hungry people. NO FOOD. The bartender told us that their chef had quit last week. Okay so stuff happens, on to plan B. I went downstairs to arrange for food from The Herb Box. I talked to the manager there. He told me that Casablanca hasn't had food for TWO YEARS!!! Yep the manager LIED to me.We had great service and the outside patio is superb. But the fact that they blatantly lie to their customers is unreal. Wow. Who does that?
