5	The food here is great! The price is very reasonable and the atmosphere is fun.  It is group friendly and can be a place for couples to dine.  The service is even better.  I had no problems with any of the  waitresses each time I go.  I would recommend this place if you are interested in Thai food!
5	This restaurant has a really beautiful interior and excellent staff.  The $6.99 lunch special includes soup and a drink and is a great deal.  I always go for the yellow curry when I eat Thai and here it was awesome.  My friend got a Egg Foo Young entree and the portions were huge.
3	The decor is pretty nice, but it is a small restaurant.   I've had their chicken pad thai, yellow curry, and red curry lunch specials to go. Their food is good, not bad at all.  My real only disappointment is that the portions are small compared to other thai restaurants' lunch specials.  I would rather go to Basil n Lime or Pin Kaow and get an even better tasing dish and a lot more of it.  Prices are comparable to these two.
4	Just went here for the first time for lunch and it was good. I would return for sure. The decor was nice and you can't beat the $6.95 lunch special including a drink. For that price I though the lunch would not be that good, but it turned out to be pretty good. I had tofu Penang curry which was tasty and came with a soup, salad & spring roll. This was way better than Prommares for sure. I will be back. The owners also own the King & I (which I haven't been to yet).
1	This place has pretty nice decor when you walk in, we can here for lunch and got the lunch specials, which was very inexpensive and a pretty good deal. Comes with soup, salad and soda for $6.95. my bf ordered the pad thai and I got the chicken with bell  peppers and basil. It was just bleh and ok to my taste. They gave us hot mustard which I felt was very chinese and not too thai authentic.
1	Ate here for dinner ordered Thai egg roll the calamari and pad kee mow . Egg roll and squid awesome ordered the pad kea mow at a 3 but came at a 8 easy too hot called the owner over and tried to explain and he started to yell at me grabbed my plate and in front of a crowd to me to get the F out of there. I will go to the corner Thai kitchen at trop. And tee pee.
2	We decided to get some take-out after spending too much money at Target. We hit up Aranya since it was in the same area and got the chicken pad thai and chicken with cashew nuts. The chicken and cashew nuts were really bland and tasteless. The pad thai was pretty good, although I'm no expert at Thai food. Would I go there again? Maybe, if I need a quick fix of  Thai food that's close to home. But, if I was really craving good Thai, I would have to go elsewhere.
4	Went there for lunch for the first time with a work colleague.  She ordered the Massaman and I ordered  the Shrimp Pad Thai.  We were both impressed with our food.  I tried her Massaman - delicious!  It was a bit spicy but so good.  I liked the brown rice they served with the meal, I think it had barley in it too.  Very hearty and flavorful.  My colleague said she wanted to bring her husband back.  They travel to Thailand and Singapore, so I take it that's a good sign!
3	Another neighborhood Thai place NOT in Chinatown area.  Love when we can save time and not have to drive all the way to Chinatown.  Upon entering the restaurant, we were quickly greeted by the server and seated, and I have to admit that I was quite impressed by the well done decor.  That aside, I would have to say that I was pretty satisfied with the food experience.Had to order some our usual fav's (Being that it was our first time here, we decided to play it safe and order 2 out of 4 level spicy just in case we didn't want our bootays kicked too badly):1.  Papaya Salad - We couldn't taste the spiciness at all.  However, I still enjoyed the tangy and sweet refreshing and crunchy papaya shreds.  Perfect for summer.2.  Tom Yum Gong - This soup I felt was way too sweet and also lacked any spiciness.  Someone was a little heavy handed with the sugar ladle, but the bf seemed to slurp his up happily.3.  Pad Kra Pow - We ordered this dish in the chopped beef form and it actually had some spicy kick.  Maybe they forgot to add the spice in the other two dishes?  *shrug.  Either way, this dish was my fav of the night.  Spicy, minty and flavorful.  =)Conclusion 08.02.2010:  I've certainly have had better Thai food at other places, but this place is very a-ok in my book.Conclusion 08.03.2010:  Yup!  I went 2 days in a row, but it did help me solidify my conclusion that the food here is definitely on the wayyyy sweeter side.  Still just a-ok and prefer other Thai places over this one.  Sucked in by the nice owner and the wonderful zen decor!
5	This is a place I frequent; mainly for their lunch specials since it's such a great deal and you get so much food for only $8.  The restaurant has a nice decor and it's clean.  The food is flavorful and tastes great!  I've brought at least 4 of my friends for lunch over the past year and every one of them say it's good food.  I love the curry dishes!  Definitely a place I keep coming back to.
4	Aranya has become the go-to lunch spot for the office when we want Thai food.  Food is great, lunch specials are very reasonably priced, and the service is fast and efficient.  I haven't ventured beyond the lunch menu but have tried everything on it and enjoyed it.
3	A friend and I stopped in to Aranya and ordered carry-out for dinner.  We were invited to sit at the bar while we waited for our food to be prepared.  The interior is very nice, clean, and well-maintained.  The service was prompt, friendly, and professional.In addition to offering the usual chicken, beef, and tofu panang curries for $9.95 each, Aranya also offers shrimp and salmon panang for $11.95 and $13.95 respectively.  I thought it would be interesting to try the salmon panang, since I had never seen that as an option for panang before.  The salmon panang was not served the way other panangs are typically served -- that is, in a tall plastic container with the chunks of meat or tofu submerged in the coconut milk curry sauce.  Instead it was served in a styrofoam flat bed container (over aluminum foil) with the whole salmon steak doused with the curry sauce.  I guess it makes more sense to do it this way with salmon, but it was actually somewhat of a disappointment to me because I think I only got about a third of the amount of curry sauce that I would have gotten with any other panang dish, and there was hardly a need for the brown rice I ordered on the side. However, it's my fault for not asking or thinking about it before I ordered.  Anyway, it tasted very good.My friend ordered the tofu pad kra pow, which some other Asian restaurants would simply call spicy mint tofu.  The tofu was served in large chunks.  My friend enjoyed the dish, but she thought it would have been better if the tofu had been served ground -- to mimic the way the spicy mint chicken is typically served with ground chicken.As with some other Thai restaurants, rice is considered a side dish which must be ordered separately.  Sticky rice and brown rice are $2.00, and steamed rice is $1.00 (small) or $2.00 (large).So, Aranya Thai Bistro has good food, good service, fair prices, and nice interior.  This place is A-OK.
2	Archi's Thai is my go-to place, however every now and then I'll try somewhere new. This weekend we tried Aranya. We've been by it a bunch of times, but we're usually grabbing Fuddruckers and cupcakes from Mad Hatter. We were lured in because my husband's uncle had a discount with the Entertainment Book card. The space is relaxed and nicely decorated, but frankly I don't care what a place looks like if it's tasty and priced right. Still a nice atmosphere is always appreciated. My husband and I ordered our standard Thai dishes: pad thai and spicy eggplant. Uncle ordered spring rolls and stuffed chicken wings. The peanut sauce was the highlight and the spiciest of the dishes despite specific requests for spicy. The eggplant was waxy and sweet. I was not fond of it. However, it was better than my husband's too sweet pad thai and overcooked noodles. He gave me a small portion to try and I had no desire to finish it. It was some of the worst I've encountered in town. Uncle wasn't impressed by his selections either.Service was below average. Timing was off and refills were slow.
5	Hands down my Favorite Thai place.The very thought of Yellow Curry Chicken and Chicken Saute w/ Peanut sauce is making my mouth water....... Few places actually cook a potato completely, this place is one of these. My girl enjoys their vegetarian selections.
5	I love Thai food, I easily eat Thai at least once a week and when I am in the neighborhood Aranya is my top choice. It is hard because I live on the other side of town (by Cheyenne and the 95). Sometimes I drive all the way over there just to eat! I love this place! Easily my favorite Thai Restaurant in town.Their duck curry and Thai beef salad are my favorite dishes, alone with a Thai tea to drink of course. Atmosphere is always so comfortable, and it is always clean. I think my problem with a lot of other Thai places in town is they seem really dirty. I want to know my food was prepared well- not wonder if its contaminated!The staff is super friendly! With all the time I have been frequenting this establishment, I almost feel like I know them! When you go make sure to get Mango and Sticky Rice for desert! It is amazing!
3	Had take-out here last Friday. Ordered Tom Yum Goong with chicken. Essentially Tom Yum Gai. My friend ordered his Tom Yum Goong as is with the shrimp. Also had a Massaman Curry. My soup was good with TONS of chicken. Good flavor and spice. My friend complained about only a few shrimp in his. Though it was loaded with Mushrooms. The Massaman curry was good mix of peanut and creamy flavor, but seemed a bit oily. Not bad but nothing really stood out for me either.
4	We eat lunch here on a regular basis, there red curry is great, I get mine with chicken ,if you like brown rice I think they have the best. If the dish is not spicy enough for you they have a tray of sauces and powders to heat it up just ask. There lunch specials are a real deal
3	My bf wanted Thai so we went to Aranya.  I have tried their pad see euw, Duck Curry, and crab fried rice before (takeout) so I suggested Aranya.  It's a small Thai restaurant but quite cozy.  The waitress is not a friendly sociable person.  It's as if she doesn't want to be there.  We ordered this fish paste curry something but that was quite tasty when dipped into this sweet cucumber sauce.   Would definitely order again.Next, we had the Pad See Euw.  It's overly sweet.  Probably won't order again.Then onto the Duck Curry.  I really love this Duck Curry.  It was the right amount of flavor to make me come back for more, regardless of the does-not-smile-at-all waitress.Anywho, will definitely come back for some yummy in my tummy duck curry carry out.
4	The food is very good i personally love the orange duck; that's pretty much all that i order. But the restaurant overall is very nice... i like the decor, it's very modern but simple :)
3	I was supposed to only go to Target but as I was parking my car I saw the big sign advertising Arayana's lunch special. It was like $7.95 for a meal with a soda....and I do mean just one soda.  I didn't want to drive across the parking lot to find out that it was too late for the special so I called using my handy Yelp app. They said they would honor the lunch special for me even though it just ended at 3:00pm. I thought "cool". I came in and it was practically empty so I sat in a booth facing the sun. The booths are so high that looking from the back you couldn't even see me but the waitress knew I was there but she didn't act like it . My food and drink were brought out and that is the last I saw of the waitress until it was time to pay.I ordered the Pad Thai special it comes with soup , fried rice, egg roll and a drink. I started off with the soup which was okay. Then she brought out my meal . The Pad Thai had a really good flavor too it and it was the best thing on the plate. The fried rice and the egg roll were blah! The egg roll really needed to be served with sweet and sour sauce in order for it to taste okay. The rice needed some flavor .I was waiting for the waitress to come back over because I wanted some hot sauce to put over it. She never came though. I would recommend that this place orders those condiment holders which can store their, hot sauce, sweet and sour sauce. They should place them on every table if they don't want to bring them out with the food. I would also suggest they come back to check on you at least once with at least water if they don't want to refill your drink.
2	I normally goto Archi's...but I just got done shopping at Kohl's and was starving...since I love Thai food...I decided to stop by.I should've kept going or eaten at fuddrucker's.  I ordered a 10 and got a 2...the food was under seasoned. Some of the cucumbers were rotten in the cucumber salad. They touched my table 3 times so hence the 2 stars. Thoroughly disappointed. I well not be going back.
2	okay, so here the thing! I went back to this restaurant and gotten my favorite item on the menu the "orange duck". but this time it was not very pleasant, it was tough and over cooked and definitely salty an not tasty at all. I am almost curtain they fried it in Clorox bleach EEK!!! :^X I'm never going back here ever again. disgusting!!!!!!!!
3	Their lunch special is awesome but service lacks! great chicken pad thai and egg rolls. $7.95 for a great meal and one soda the lady pretty much ignores the fact that you want a refill. she's probably pissed because she is the owner and the economy sucks and she has to put in some labor oh well.
2	Aranya is ok.  The lunch special offers about 10 or 15 choices including several curries, pad thai, and kung pao, or cashew nut to name a few.  It is $8 for chicken and includes a soda.  This is a little pricier than other lunch specials and frankly, not as good.  I've definitely experienced better Thai food for a better price.  That said, it is a cute place, with nice service.
1	My wife and I tried several times to like this place---we really did.  But the Madam server who seems to run the place during the lunch hour is arrogant and the service is indifferent.   Her main goal appears to be to keep customers in their place.  The food was inconsistent.  You will also have to monitor the order very carefully.  They either don't know their own menu or else they are trying to save money by leaving items off the order.  No more chances.  We won't be back.
1	Lots to be desired!I noticed this place as I was working on the road in this part of town yesterday.  I had a little time to kill and was craving some Tom Ka soup!Right from the get-go it's hard to note much in the way of positives.  It was approx. 4pm, not a single customer in the dining room.  I walked in, and there was no hostess... (She was hiding behind her make-shift office in one of the dining booths).  I asked her if I could sit at the bar since I was dining alone, sadly there was only ONE available seat at the bar, the remaining seats were occupied with restaurant supplies.  I ordered my Tom Ka and some Chicken Satay along with a glass of Iced Thai Tea.  While I waited for my food to arrive, I noticed them microwaving several meals, and they weren't even being discreet about it as the microwave was sitting behind the bar facing patrons.  The microwaved food was then packed into 'take out' bags.  My food arrived and it was less than impressive.  The soup had chunks of tomato so large they had to be cut with a knife, I was offered a 'spicy' soup and it came out a weak 4 out of 10 on the Thai spicy scale.  The chicken Satay was decent, however I refused to try the dipping sauces since moments before serving I saw them take it out of the microwave!!!!The three items totaled over $20 which seemed a bit steep for the quality.  The Thai food market in Las Vegas is strong, and  in order to compete, you've got to be good.  ..... This place left a lot to be desired
1	Well I got fifty bucks worth of veggies....i feel totally ripped off.  I came across an old menu and thought why not well don't make my mistake ....they must be really hurting or super cheap...and I'm not talking about the prices im talking about my meat and seafood entrees that came with about four pieces of meat the rest veggies but hey we all said the rice was great what a joke
1	Damn. Another place I should've Yelped before I ate at.I was set on Zaba's this evening, when out of nowhere, a wild sign appeared that read "Thai food!" I immediately started craving some sweet sticky rice and mango. So, I ventured off into the complex across the way.Went in, looked at a menu and discovered that they didn't have it ;( but figured, "what the hell, I'm here already," so I ordered some food to go. The place itself is nice looking.. "quaint." I ordered a Thai iced tea, which the lady brought to me quickly, so I started sipping-- delicious! But more on that later...The food actually came out pretty fast, which seemed a bit unusual. But after reading a couple reviews, I'm guessing what I got had probably been sitting out for a bit and was popped into a microwave or something. I'm not too picky, it all tasted fine, so whatever.So I'm sitting at home, done eating, watching me some Breaking Bad and finishing up my tea. I take off the lid and without second thought, began munching on ice, like I do. Well, eventually I decide to look into the cup and see that there's little black specs  in pretty much all of the ice cubes. I shake it around a bit and find a bigger piece of-- Now, for my fellow Yelpers who have worked in fast food and know how gross an ice machine can get if not properly cleaned, this one's for you-- MOLD.And that right there forfeited all the couple of stars I was going to give this place for being adequate. I realize I've probably eaten at places that don't practice kitchen cleanliness, but when it's so bad that I fucking see mold in my ice, that is where I draw the line. Zero stars.
2	I was feeling for some thai food after the gym and discovered this place. The service at this place is horrible. Once again horrible service. With that said the food is okay but I definitely had better. I ordered red curry and a pad thai. They had a 4 point scale of spice. Their spicyness is not very spicy and this is coming from someone who eat spicyness all that often. The food was okay. Curry was a little watery but had plenty of flavor. Pad thai tasted like a pad thai so no complaints about that. I walked in and it took a while for me to get seated because the hostess was in the back chatting. She took our drink orders and came back to take our food orders. Our drinks came out with the food which was about 15 minutes later. With all that said I wouldn't come back here again.
2	I ordered take out from here since I was on my lunch break at Target and didn't want to go far. The food was mediocre at best. The salad I had with the lunch special didn't have dressing and the rice tasted strange. The pad thai was ok.
4	The lunch menu here is a very good deal, offering my preferred dish of panang curry with an egg roll, side of rice, salad and drink for less than $9. The food is pretty dang good, especially for that price. I have gone to four thai restaurants in town so far (well, 6 if you count the three different Archi's locations with different names). So far, I have ordered the maximum hotness level at every one of them and still had to add everything available on the spice trays.I think they all figure that I'm a white guy so I can't handle the real heat. Let me assure you, that is incorrect. The lady at this place told me to just order it extra extra spicy next time I come in and she'll try to hook me up. I look forward to it!The flavor on the panang curry was very very good. It gets a star taken off for lack of spiciness, and I wasn't a big fan of the salad either. The egg roll was pretty good for an egg roll, but I'm not a fan of them in general so I didn't ding them for not impressing me.At the end of the day, I will *definitely* be coming back here and ordering the lunch extra spicy. Definitely a great lunch spot. Oh, and it's freakin' cold in there. Just leave your coat on.
3	Aranya Thai is a convenient Thai place I do  take-out at.I really wanted to love this place BUT.....CONS1. The food is on the sweet side instead of spicy side.2. The people that work there are is not very friendly or sociable.3. The 'taste' of the dishes are about a 3 star.PROS1. Fast when order take-out order 2. Restaurant has a pretty & cozy interior
3	Just so-so in my opinion.  We went for lunch, and their special is a great price.  Don't know where else I can get a sit down meal with soup, an egg roll, salad, and my main course for $8.Service was also so-so, they didn't ignore us, but didn't come back to see how things were or if we needed anything.  Though the server was around if we really would have needed her.Food was slightly bland, and not much seasoning.  Egg roll was burned.Went at 11:30 and we were the only people in the place, and by the time we left ~12:15 there was only one more person.
2	The food was very bland and tasteless. None of the sauces had a taste they seemed more like a garnish then part of the dish. The service was none existent I sat there with 1 other table that was on their way out so it wasn't like it was busy night. I had to ask for a beverage instead of being offered one and minutes before my dish came out they decided to ask me how spicy I wanted my dish. Needless to say if your in a rush and just looking to fill your stomach with substance this is one of those places.
3	We got a mass mailing a couple of months ago for Aranya and decided to try the place yesterday.  I ordered take out over the phone.  The order was taken quickly but I was surprised that I was never asked for a name nor a phone number.  Not a good way of doing business.We got an order of Thai egg rolls, an order of Garlic with Black Pepper sauce (extra garlic requested), and an order of Red Curry (Gang Dang) chicken.  My wife thought the chicken was OK but not as described.  The menu notes that it's topped with roasted garlic Thai style but it wasn't.  It wasn't topped with the roasted garlic like every other Thai restaurant from which we've gotten garlic pepper chicken.My red curry with chicken was flavorful.  Their spiciness is done on a 1-4 scale.  I ordered a 3 and it had a nice spice to it.  I also received a small container of ground red pepper to add more spice if I wanted.  I appreciate it when Thai restaurants do this.  The egg rolls were a but greasy something I haven't experienced before when getting them from other places.Overall, things were OK, but I don't think I'll be going back.  There are way too many other choices that offer better food at a comparable or lesser price.
3	Decent food. I went during lunch time. I'd definately go again.
4	An average of 2 1/2 stars? Hmmm.....I'm sure it wasn't THAT bad right??As usual, whenever I'm at a Thai restaurant, I always get chicken pad thai with added spice. You can't fu*k up pad thai...it would be an embarassment to the restaurant if that happens.They had lunch specials for $6.99. Along with your entree, it comes with soup, salad, and eggroll. This place is not bad actually. It wasn't bland or tasteless and service was fine. Nothing special to write home about...You come in, order your food, eat your food, pay and move on to your merry way.
4	Good food and nice service. A bit Americanized, but probably a smart call for Summerlin. Tofu egg drop soup was a fantastically surprise. Light, tasty and just awesome. I almost licked the bowl clean. Pad kra pow with salmon was also a huge hit. Enjoy!
5	Very good Panang curry! Good Satay too! I like this place, it's calm and has a quiet atmosphere. The lady is always super nice too.
1	The pad thai in this restaurant is the worst that I have ever had. They do have panang curry which is available for lunch special. The venue is nice and cozy, but the quality of food could be better.
1	We came here on a Friday night after a Target run in the same shopping center. Should have left immediately after entering the restaurant and seeing only 1 table of customers, buy we were hungry and decided to give it a try. Ordered the Pad Thai which had undercooked noodles and was way too sour. The red curry was sweet, and the yellow curry was bland. The "angel wings" (stuffed, fried chicken wings) were the only enjoyable part of the meal. Will avoid this place from now on.
4	Now I've never quite made it to Thailand to have the real deal -- authentic Pad Thai -- but in my quest to find some good Pad Thai here in Las Vegas, I thought Aranya's Pad Thai is pretty good. I can taste that sour taste of tamarind juice and the saltiness of fish sauce. Most of the Thai restaurants I've visited shy away from those ingredients and use something else instead as substitutes, understandably to "Americanize" the flavor. This I thought was one of the better tasting Pad Thais. But until I make it to Thailand and have the real deal, this is up there for me as my search continues.
2	I came for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon.  They offered 11 entrees for $7.95 ($8.95 for shrimp) which included soup, egg roll, fried rice, and a 12 oz soda.  They were located on Grand Canyon Parkway in Las Vegas.  The decor was very nice.  There were 5 booths, a bunch of tables, and a bar.The server took my order.  I ordered the Garlic Shrimp and a diet Coke.  She dropped off the soda without stopping.  She then dropped off the soup without stopping.  She did not even tell me what kind of soup it was.  I figured it was Egg Drop soup.  It was piping hot.  The entree took about 20 minutes to come out.  The server dropped off the plate without stopping.  The plate made a big thump and startled me.  She then dropped off the condiment tray without stopping.  I would have liked a spicy tray since I forgot to tell her to make the Garlic Shrimp Thai Hot.  There were 5 shrimp with the tails on in a garlic sauce and a few mushrooms. The salad was fresh with a light sweet dressing. The egg roll was bland.  Luckily the server brought me a little tray with sweet and sour sauce, mustard, soy sauce, and salt and pepper shakers.The food was average and the service was abrupt and not very friendly.  I don't think I'll be back.
4	I love this Place!  Great Thai food, good portions and Aranya always hooks me up:)
2	bad service , understaffed .... decent food
4	This Thai restaurant is never busy but I always receive great service and food. My husband gets the green curry and I get the sweet and sour chicken (cut me some slack, I am new to Thai food!) The portions are great and the dishes could easily be shared. The ambiance in this restaurant is beautiful and peaceful. I recommend this restaurant if you are looking for good food and a quiet place to eat.
3	The food was great, but right when we walked in it smelled like sewage. Hopefully they'll get that fixed ASAP!
3	I have had several lunches here and never disappointed. I wouldn't say it's the best Thai ever but the atmosphere is nice, the staff is attentive, and food tasty.
1	My mom and I just had lunch at this establishment and we found a cockroach in her chicken curry. Our server blamed it on the fact that they had sprayed for bugs the previous night. Regardless, if the food was stored properly and the restaurant was cleaned properly, bugs would have had no chance to come in contact with our food. BEWARE!!!!
3	I was craving Thai food after work and didn't really want to sit down and eat. Arayna was close to my house and I was able to get an order for take out. The restaurant was empty when I arrived, which was a bit worrisome, but a hostess came from the back to take my order. She was polite, but not particularly warm or friendly.I decided on an order of Pad Thai with shrimp and chicken and sat down to wait. There was a slight smell in the restaurant, but nothing like sewage, thankfully (I saw that in a previous review). My food came out promptly.My meal was filling, and I had enough left over for lunch the next day. There was a good amount of chicken and shrimp (tails on, but good size), and the noodles were tasty. I ordered a "3" on the spiciness scale, but I probably could have gone a bit spicier, as it wasn't all that well seasoned.I wouldn't go out of my way to revisit Arayna, but if I were in the area again, I'd return.
5	The food here is amazing! I usually get the chicken fried rice which is enough food for me since it is a very large portion. The quantity and the quality of the food is excellent. The Thai tea is spot on as well! The servers Max and Ajay had the best hospitality. They both know the ins and outs of the restaurant. They were very attentive to whatever we needed. They are also good at recommending a variety of foods depending what you are craving. I had a buddy of mine who is gay and he thought max and ajay were super cute. Im not gay though. Anyways aranyas thai bistros is awesome! Keep it up guys
5	THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD. YOU MUST GET THE PAD THAI!! I usually just get pad thai with chicken whenever I go to Thai restaurants, and MAN, this place served some DELICIOUS PAD THAI. Some places do not give enough flavor to their pad thai, but this place has their pad thai bursting with flavor. Portions are also large. I also love their Thai tea :DCustomer service was.... TWO THUMBS UP! There's these two waiters named Ajay and Max, and they always bring a smile to my face. They make me feel at home whenever I visit and crack up jokes. They're always checking up on their customers and always on the watch-out if your water cup is running low.Love the pad thai, thai tea, and the waiters.It's a must try!!!!
5	Had late lunch/early dinner and did not leave disappointed. We intended on eating in Fuddruckers(there's a review all about it), that obviously did not happen and I'm glad because we never would've tried Aranya. We were promptly greeted by a friendly face and chose our seating(empty room). She swiftly took our drink orders and returned. We ordered the Chicken Satay which will ALWAYS please me! It was a delight. As for the main course we ordered the Beef Pad Thai and Chicken Massaman Curry(served family style). The curry was clean (no skin or bones), which I appreciate. Everything was tasty, hot, and quickly served. Sorry I didn't take any pics but we were hungry and the food looked yummy. I didn't even think about my camera until I was almost done with my curry. I loved the decor and place settings. Service was excellent, prices were fair, and it's in a good location. Will definitely eat at Aranya, or get their takeout, again.
1	Place looks nice, and the atmosphere is nice as well.but the food was horrible.we got the crab rangoons,they were burnt and ha a weird smell to them.then we got the chicken Panang which was also not good.it was very watery and oily and just didn't taste that good.after that we tried the pad Thai,which the noodles just in general looked different then all the pas Thai I've had.the only reason they get one star is because the customer service was very good
1	Wow. This restaurant has really declined in quality all around since a couple of years ago. The location and atmosphere is still really nice but everything else was disappointing. We arrived right when the store opened and the waitress seemed unhappy to see my friend and I. No smile, no greeting, she just walked us to our table and handed us tattered menus. Great start. We were the only customers but it took her a while to take our order.Our food came out first and our drinks last.. Is that a Thai thing? The food was also severely disappointing. My friend ordered green curry and I ordered my favorite Thai dish, Pad Kra Pao. After tasting both, I knew I would never return to this restaurant. The curry was watery and the Pad Kra Pao was somehow flavorless. My two cents: stay away!
5	Love this place! Always have the best service when I come here, it feels like a family run restaurant. Intimate ambiance with a modern look. The food is excellent, I always get the pad se ew and it never disappoints!
