3	Made it to the soft opening lastnight had a good time. Look forward to going back. Didn't eat so can't rate that, but so far so good on the service.
4	Dropped in today for a few drinks and was pleasantly surprised. Plenty of televisions to watch football on and spacious patios. Service could use some work.
3	I wasn't sure how to feel about El Hefe coming to Mill ave since I really liked CanteenBut it is nice and the layout is still the same, I like the pink schemeCourtney is an absolute doll behind the barIf you have the chance, ask for herand she will take care of youEl Hefe has a great happy hourThe house margs are only $5The also have drafts pretty cheap as wellI shall return and hopefully try the food
1	This place deserves 0 stars WOW, this had to be THE worst experience I've ever had in any type of customer service environment. First of all, I shouldn't have to get up more than once to have a request fulfilled. We came with a party of 4, ordered a few margaritas, 2 appetizers and 2 tacos. We literally waited 45 minutes to get our stuff and only AFTER we told the waitress and manager a handful of times. We never even got our tacos, we were just fed up and left. Next time you want something done right at this place, don't waste your time. Go to the Scottsdale location, this ones a joke.
1	This place has a "dress code" which I noticed only applies to people of color. I was turned away at the door on a slow night and I saw 2 white men dressed the same as me: t-shirt, sneakers, and a jacket. All my clothes are in great condition. Glad I didn't have an opportunity to waste my money here.
1	Worst place ever!  I don't think they like people of color in there because the bouncers will do their best to come up with excuses not to let them in. I saw it happen in front of me and then it happened to me.
2	I ordered the tinga quesadilla: not impressed at all!!! Avoid this! Just order regular drinks.I do not recommend the Chelada drinks either! It tasted like watery beer. In the beginning they served the beer and they didn't tell us that they were out of  tecate beers, so they decided to serve the Chelada (that goes with tecate beer) with dos Equis. I noticed when the bartender was serving the beer and asked her, then she had to agree with me. Sneaky bartender!!!! Check your drinks specially if you order the good ones!
5	The atmosphere on this Sunday was explosive. The staff was extremely accommodating, and constantly checked to see if needed anything, including the security. My waitress Kennedy was very engaging and energetic. I forgot to inform them of my food allergy and when the food arrived they insisted on replacing it. Overall a fantastic experience. It seems they worked on their synergy.
5	Loved that El Hefe Tempe opened up recently! I love the food so I couldn't wait since this location is much closer to my work and I was looking forward to another lunch spot staple! I went in on a Monday and brought a co-worker and Amber helped us. My co-worker ordred the nachos but had a specific request and I ordered the Camaron Ceviche Tostda's and they were awesome. Amber made sure to come back while they were making our food to confirm with my co-worker her order since it was custom (love that they will do that with any of their menu items since everything is made fresh). Everything came out perfectly. I was such a great lunch and will look forward to going back....Went back last Friday again with another co-worker! We shared the chips, salsa and guac and that was outstanding! Then we both ordered The Chopped Salad with Steak (her's minus the goat cheese, but I took hers on the side of mine). and that was outstanding! The best salad in my opinion right now. Amber was also our server again and she is so friendly and even rememberd my order from Monday! This is a great lunch spot as you can sit inside our outside (nice break from being in the office). We have schduled a work happy hour there in the very near future so that will be fun as I know their cocktails are very delicious! Looking forward going again very soon!!
4	I'm not sure about the rest of the comments but my whole table was colored and we got in just fine and got good deals on bottle service 2 nights this week(Thursday and Saturday). The DJ was good and our service was great both nights. They had to move our table on Thursday night but actually comped us another bottle so no big deal. Can't comment on the food though cause all we had was drinks.
2	Is "macho" supposed to mean that you don't know how to cook so you go on the cheap to feed people either bland, tasteless, re-heated frozen food or put so much sugar in it that you hope they won't notice it and then charge them way too much for it?  If so, El Hefe in Tempe has nailed it!First, I have to say that I work right next door to this location. I've seen the transformation from Canteen to El Hefe and honestly, I don't get it.  Canteen fit pretty well into the surrounding shops while having a unique store front appearance.  El Hefe, on the other hand, is this massively gaudy, wood and steel behemoth that has overextended their boundaries.  They've stretched their front patio space nearly out onto Mill avenue and their back patio has been extended almost over into the neighboring Five Guys and Jimmy Johns.  It's obnoxious.As for the food, it is mediocre to bad.  We started with the chips and salsa.  The chips were thin and well salted, but slightly stale.  These were accompanied by three salsas, a super sweet tomatillo (my coworker actually asked if there was relish in it), a pico de gallo that was okay - but needed some salt, lime and time to come together, and a red salsa that quite honestly didn't taste like anything.  I myself had the chicken tinga tacos with their "green cilantro rice".  The rice tasted like something you'd get at the grocery store in a bag or box and just add the parboiled (minute) rice and seasoning mix to boiling water to make.  Nasty.  The chicken tinga tacos were just okay, having a hint of chorizo to them, but also very sweet to the point of overpowering any flavor of chicken that you might be hoping for.  This is exacerbated by their tacos in general being quite small (about 4" across).  I also noticed that the consistency from one taco to the next was quite off.  My co-worker had an assortment of tacos.  The carne asada taco he quite liked.  The fish taco tasted "old" to him, indicating that the single chunk of battered fish was likely straight from the freezer.  The pork al pastor taco was so sweet that he actually didn't finish it, stating it was one of the worst taco's he's ever had.So.. seven small taco's, about a cup and a half worth of green minute rice with some cilantro in it, chips and salsa (which if I overheard correctly, they charge for salsa refills) and two waters came out to just under $30.  For two lunches that didn't satiate either of us.  Needless to say, we won't be returning.
1	Horrible horrible business. Please don't waste your time or money here. Everything (even happy hour) is ridiculously overpriced for what you get. I'm a light drinker and 2 margaritas didn't even give me a buzz. Tacos are super small and not worth $2 at happy hour pricing. My friend and I sat at the bar and had to flag someone down each time we wanted to order something. I really wish Canteen would have stayed, they were the best. This place sucks and I'll never set foot in there again.
1	I ordered one of theIR "20 oz margaritas" and watched him shake it in a 10-12 oz cup, poor it in the glass, and then he filled the rest with sweet and sour and ice. What's the point? I would rather have a 12 oz margarita as long as it doesn't taste like straight mix. On top of this, their promoters are terrible.. Get it together hefe or the crowd you want will stay at gringo
3	Been here a few times now and each time has been completely different.First time: My friend I watched the football game - it was kinda quiet and our server was brand new. She didn't really know what beers were on offer or what kind of food was being served. I wouldn't've done any better, so I can sympathise with someone in her position. No draft beers were being sold, so we stuck with bottles and and ordered Chips and 4 tacos. I had no complaintsSecond time:4 of us were watching another football game in a booth - The first server was nice and did what was expected. Draft beers were being sold this time, and the food was as expected for the price we paid. We then moved outside and got a new server. Ordered a Bloody Mary and did not receive my Bacon and Celery, as advertised. The server said it doesn't come with these 2 food items (but their menu states it does). The propane was out and they had no reserves.. We left shortly after thisThird time:Disaster! - Again, we went to watch a football game. It was a nice day and very busy. Again, we were told they were not serving draft beer (what bar doesn't serve draft!). I ordered that beer/ margarita thing and it just tasted of the margarita mix.. We ordered Chips at the very beginning only to see new people sitting down get theirs before us. We ordered food, but this took forever, so the server spoke to her manager who immediately came over to apologise. The food was cancelled and we were given a round of shots for our troubles.The manager, Brittany Flippen, gave me her business card and said to contact her should we have any concerns.The whole experience didn't really phase me too much. I understand its a new place experiencing teething issues along with new servers. They should close down until all issues are rectified or continue to push customers away with sub-par service.I'll probably go back again, but I'll call ahead this time to make sure everything is in order
1	I wish I could write a zero.  They clearly don't give a damn about good service, they'll survive on Friday and Saturday alone so they can suck all week.  I brought in 10 guys on a Monday night.  They messed up 10 orders.  As slow as possible with everything wrong.  Stay away? Go somewhere that they care about customers, this isn't your place.
1	There's this idea that if you extend your bar/restaurant to the boundaries of Mill Ave, hire small cute servers, then serve Mexican food, people will love your place... I guess maybe sometimes that formula works.Then add tiny little Tacos, a bland Mexican hamburger (Hamburguesa), slow service, and outrageous prices, and the whole scenario fails to meet the expectations. When I ordered the burger, because of how expensive it was, I assumed it came with chips or something. That's assumption was wrong. I get this round slop of food on a piece of wood. For $9, it was a sad looking dish with nothing else. I could have gotten a burger and fries with a drink at a fast food joint for $7 that would have tasted 10x better.Add a few beers and the price per person is well over $30, and you walk away hungry.My friend ordered the three taco dish.  It made me feel better to see that his order was as bad as mine. $12 for very small tacos,  about a spoon full of filling. This is Mill Ave, most of the people here are poor hungry college students.  Lousy food, small portions, and high prices, I can't wait to see what replaces it.
1	They lost my debit card and couldn't care less.  No apologies,  just "cancel the card" was their response.
2	A trip back to Tempe, and I was looking for a place I remembered from before, Canteen.  It's now become El Hefe's.  They've done some renovating, and more patio space out front.  The staff is friendly, although, a little like Hooter's girls.  Service was very very slow, food was great, $2 tacos very good.  I would look around a little in the area before stopping here, but...give it a try and decide for yourself.
1	I loved Canteen so much better than this place. During the DAY and at NIGHT-this place is obnoxious. The service was horrible, the staff was rude and stuck up. I didn't have the best time here at all. My friend and I waited at the outside bar patio during regular business hours....20 minutes went by and the bartender didn't even acknowledge us. He was too busy talking to his buddies at the other side of the bar. We walked out of that place so fast, but before we left we made sure to talk to the hostess about our issue. I, nor my friend will be returning here.They did however have good music and the restaurant and bathroom were clean!
1	I would absolutely never go here again. I do not drink but I absolutely love to dance. Its over crowded, I expected it to be crowded, but not to the point where I cant even turn around!. I didnt have bottle service but I was near a v.i.p. table and the waitress was being a total batch (if you know what I mean). I was dancing and a beer bottle was on the floor and instead of kicking it again and dancing on it or someone possibly getting hurt, I picked it up and put it on the v.I.p. table and she turned around and tried to hand it to me. I explained it was not mine because I do not drink. She proceeded to shove it on my chest forcefully and demanded I take it, instead of listening to me!. If you dont like your job, dont work there!!!!
5	Great tacos.  Good energy and a personable and outgoing waitstaff.
1	So I know that all of the 5 star reviews for this place are from people who have a hand in the company called Riot hospitality. They posted 5 stars on whiskey row, el hefe scottsdale, and public house on sixth (all riot properties) and used the almost the same exact post.Truth is, the bartenders stare at themselves all day and night while they fix their hair, and unless you're a friend of someone there, service is a "c" grade at best. Food is bland, drinks are inconsistent and the bartenders I've had, don't know how to make an old fashioned. I ordered a shot of rumplemintz and was given a shot glass full if simple syrup and that was the last time I went. This is the talent you'll find in the front of house at ALL of these properties.
3	Im going to update this and give kudos to the manager for taking my yelp review into consideration.  I do appreciate good hospitality.  I cannot yet say if I will return. But again, kudos for reaching out to me.
2	The Scottsdaleification of Tempe has begun. Can the moron owners at least think of another concept to put on that corner of Mill rather than your nasty, overpriced and unappetizing food that already exists in Old Town? Apparently, nobody can remember that Tempe is a true college town and we don't want (even if I am not in college) to pay 6 bucks for a beer or 10 bucks for our frozen margarita's. They even charge you for those same lousy chips that they serve at the other location. On my two recent visits, nothing bad happened, the bartender was in a good mood and the servers all are showing off their butts in their workout outfits. El Hefe, the place to get ripped off on Mill, enjoy, but it does have a nice dual patio setup.
3	I went on a Thursday night, so it was not very busy. The nachos are amazing! I do not really like cheese, but these nachos were to die for! Other than that the food is just average. The lime cilantro rice tastes exactly like the lime rice at taco bell. The service we had was pretty bad, but the food was cheap and tasty. I would recommend other restaurants on mill ave over this one.
5	El Hefe Tempe has it going on. Like my review of the Scottsdale location, this is a lunch time review.My friend and I sat at the bar and ordered lunch from the menu. The bartender was HOT and really smart and funny. She even showed me how to make one of their signature drinks when I asked about it.With regard to the food, it is probably better than Scottsdale, somehow. I had the mole enchiladas and they were incredible. I've had many different kinds of mole, including super authentic Queretaro style. This was very well crafted and better than any that I've had. My friend had a variety of street tacos and loved them.
4	had a wonderful experience and would recommend for a great night out!!
1	I was excited to have El Hefe open on Mill since it's closer to my house than the Scottsdale location and I love their margaritas.  I was extremely disappointed with the service, I didn't expect it to be fantastic but thought it would at least be decent. I gave this place 2 tries, my first visit was the 2nd week it was open.  My boyfriend and I sat at the bar near the front patio, we tried to order a few of the margaritas and the bartender told us she didn't have the ingredients to make those.  We asked what she could make us, she said 'pretty much just a regular margarita.'  The main bar is about 10 steps away, I was thinking she would at least either get ingredients from them to make the drinks, or have them make it and she would bring it over.  After going with the regular margaritas the bartender had the ingredients for, we finished and wanted to ordered a bottled beer.  The bartender explained she didn't have the beer we wanted at this bar.  I guess she didn't want to go get the bottles from the other bar or stock her bar properly so she could be prepared for customers.  We ended up closing the tab and leaving.  The scottsdale location has a side bar as well kinda in the back, and that bar always seems to be stocked to make all the margaritas and more from the menu.  That being said, I was kinda shocked with the laziness of this bartender, especially since we were 2 of the 4 people at the bar.  My 2nd visit was Valentines day 2014.  My boyfriend and I went to get a drink at El Hefe before dinner since the basketball game was on.  We went to the main bar this time and waited in plane view for about 10-15 minutes to be asked for our order.  As I was standing there, I noticed the bartenders were not taking anyones order from the bar, they were mainly paying attention to the tickets coming in from the restaurant.  I found this weird, especially since people at the bar were trying to order drinks but couldn't get the attention from the bartenders.  I got to order drinks and after they were made they were very good.  We finished the first drinks and my bf ordered another of the same drink, this time his drink tasted NOTHING like the previous one, it was kind of gross like it was missing a main ingredient.  After he paid for that drink, a few minutes later he noticed he didn't get his card back so he told the bartender.  The bartender asked for his last name as if he was going to look for the card and instead proceeded to go to the next customer and take a drink order ...I waited after he made the new customer their drink, to see if he would look for the card, he didn't he just proceeded to make more drinks.  We flagged down another bartender who made the awful drink to look behind the bar for the card, she did a real swift look and didn't come back to tell us if she found or didn't find the card. INSTEAD, she proceeded to take her purse and leave the bar,i guess to go on her break. WOW! We had planned to go to dinner afterwards and my bf was going to buy.  Turns out he couldn't buy or go to dinner if he didn't have his card.  So I went to the hostess this time, she took down all my information and i asked her to go look behind the bar.  I told her I know its there and we need to go to dinner but can't without my boyfriends card.  She seemed sincere and i watched her go up to the first bartender we tried to get help from.  They exchanged some words and he just continued making drinks for the tickets from the restaurant instead of even attempting to look for my bf's card.   We ended up leaving and going home since we were getting no where with the El Hefe staff and didn't have card to pay for dinner.  (If I was aware this was going to happen I would have brought money so we could go to dinner, but I didn't plan for El Hefe's staff to be completely rude and incompetent of helping a customer).The next morning my boyfriend calls El Hefe when they opened and asked if they had his card.  What do you know...they had his card and it was BEHIND THE BAR THE WHOLE TIME! Thank you to the El Hefe staff for not even bothering to look for my boyfriends card on Valentine's day.  Thank you for ruining Valentine's Day night that was supposed to be fun and simple.  Instead it was shocking and put us in a bad mood because the El hefe staff refused to help with such a SIMPLE task. I don't think there will be a 3rd visit.
1	Old town dress code for mill ave, plus the dress code only applies to people of color
5	Just had lunch and the only thing better than the Tacos was the service , Taylor was very good and helped with what to order . The manager was also very helpful and moved us when asked . Dishes are made from scratch with deliciously unexpected ingredients: grilled shrimp tacos are sweetened with coconut slaw and  pork a tacos are accented by grilled pineapple salsa and pickled chili sauce. I would totally come back for these gourmet taco creations. Well done to all !
4	I have only been here once and I came on a Saturday night so I can't and won't comment on the food service/quality but the actual nightclub or whatever is a lot of fun! As soon as we got to Mill we weren't sure where to go cuz we had never been there before and we saw El Hefe and wanted to go but we also saw the line and at first said no. After going into a couple of places we decided to bite the bullet and wait in line. They absolutely had the BEST music (out of the 3 places we went) and the best atmosphere. I was in jeans, a shirt, and combat boots as was my friend and her bf was in jeans as well.....idk what people are talking about a dress code cuz we had no problem at all. Idk if they have changed their rules since we went like last month or what but we experienced no problem getting in. We are all 3 100% Mexican, and you can tell, and got zero dirty looks or remarks. Again not sure where race or color came into play with other reviews but I only know MY experience. The drink service at the bar was pretty quick for being so packed the only thing is we didn't like our drinks but we were experimenting with drinks so maybe they just weren't our taste. Moral of the story- we're coming back this weekend.
4	Everyone is very friendly and food is delicious! The waitresses were a little slow, and didn't seem to know the menu! Runners seemed to be very on top of things, and came back to make sure my order came out okay!
2	Came here with a group of friends to do some day drinking on Nat'l Margarita day. This was our second stop of many planned on our adventure. I ordered the bulldog margarita expecting something amazing........and was disappointed. The only thing I tasted was beer and margarita mix. There was either a very small amount or no tequila in this drink. This is a very popular drink; I could see it on almost every table that afternoon. I am not sure if I will be back, not a fan of watered down or virgin adult beverages.
5	I dont get why this place has 2 stars. You gotta know what you're getting yourself into here.  This is where you go for mediocre drinks and good looking girls, anyone who judges this place based on service is a joke. I for one am enjoying a margarita surrounded by friends having a great time. Fuck the hatersMartinez out.
2	El Hefe is a great addition to the already wild Mill Ave atmosphere!! I really enjoy the Margaritas and people watching on the front patio! The service is good, and the girls look good too! My friends and I go here a lot on the weekends, and sometimes to day drink! It gets extremely busy on the weekends so you better WATCH OUT when paying with a card!! My boyfriend was double charged $79.00 when he told the server to split the tab with our friends (even though they both signed their receipts)! Beware and check those bank statements!!
1	Ok I'm not one to bitch or complain but el hefe was awful. I'm a bartender myself and I'm usually pretty understanding and like to give people the benefit of the doubt but I've never received such awful service in my life. My gf and I sat at the bar, ALL of the bartenders were very inattentive. The best service I received was from the expos. My tacos came out wrong, they reordered them and the new ones came out quickly but the meat was burnt and I had to send them back once more. The bartenders weren't paying any attention so it took three times longer than it should have. I ordered a margarita with no sweet and sour, the bartender gave me a super confused look. I told him specifically tequila, lime juice, agave and soda and he still gave me a confused look with some attitude. Once I received the margarita i tasted it and it wasn't the best but I was so over complaining that I sucked it down anyways. There was a female bartender working also and disregarded my gf and I but was paying attention to all of the male patrons. I don't ask for a lot, I just want good service. If the service was good I probably wouldn't have even complained about the tacos. They would have received at least three stars if the service would have been decent but unfortunately it was the worst service I've ever received and that says a lot since I come from the same industry and I'm usually very understanding. Monty in particular was the one giving us the worst service. He didn't bother to check on us once. It took over ten minutes to close out my tab and the only reason it didn't take longer was because one of the new female bartenders who had just clocked on was nice enough to ask how I was doing and she closed out my tab. The service was awful the food was ehh and I won't be coming back the next time I visit Tempe.
3	I came here on a Friday night around midnight and there wasn't a cover. This place was PACKED. Felt like I was in a sardine can. If you want to dance, good luck, because the dance floor was crowded the entire night. My friends and I tried dancing, but there simply wasn't enough space so we couldn't enjoy it and went to the patio. The patio was great though, lots of space, seating, and even games. There's this bean bag tossing game at the end of the patio - some guys wanted to play so we split into teams and it was a lot of fun! I like that there's also girls on the bar that give free shots if you come up and open your mouth. Crazy stuff. Then there's seating inside if you don't want to go to the patio. This place is like a gigantic bar with a tight dance floor, that's the best way to explain it. The bathroom situation is very unique. So you wait 5-10 minutes in a boys & girls line  and a security guard allows one guy or girl to come in when a guy or girl comes out accordingly, just like the teacher would in elementary school - wait your turn boys and girls! Then, once you're in you have to wait in a normal line at the bathroom stalls. The bathrooms are gross, not polished or clean, just dingy and unkept. There's a giant mirror there though to fix your makeup or check yourself. Then the sinks are outside with soap which is a walkway so that's impractical. And finally, when you're done you're out of that chaos and into the dance floor chaos - one tornado after the other. Yeah, too crowded for my taste. Also the DJ wasn't very good unless you like oldies and 80's dance and hip hop. It's a nice place to hang out with friends on the patio, but inside the establishment is crazy and definitely not for me.
2	Had a bad experience here with an unfriendly staff about 4 months ago, came here recently with a friend for drinks and the experience was much improved. Still can't kick that bitter first impression taste.
1	FOOD WAS HORRIBLE. I have never had to spit food out at the table before. I ordered the beef cheek taco, the duck taco, and the fish taco. They were all mushy, flavorless and the beef cheek looked like someone #2'd on my plate. I will definitely say it is the chef and not the ingredients. The Carne Asada my husband had in his taco was rare. All 3 of their salsas were bland and pretty tasteless and had no HEAT.  All around a bad dining experience... BUT the drinks are decent and so is the atmosphere, you just may want to go somewhere else for food. I wont be back
2	Most crowded bar I've ever been to on a Sunday. My experience there left me feeling very overwhelmed.. We started with margaritas at the Hefe on Mill and then Uber'd our way on up to the one in Old Town Scottsdale. I think if this bar was in a smaller city it would be more fun; just too many people for such a small spot. Or management might want to think about having a limit on how many people at one time.... It was ridiculous.
5	Doing errands in the area and stopped here for lunch.  What a great place! Perfect place to watch sports, final 4 basketball on the big screens while we were here.  They turned music on during the break.  Service was nice, even down to bus boy who we chatted up. Tacos were amazing! I had the braised pork shoulder al pastor and my partner had the beef cheek which were recommended by the bus boy.  Beef cheek tacos all the way! I'm sure this place gets crazy packed at night, which isn't for me. Lunch? Anytime for this mid 30 something.
4	We were here at 2pm on a Friday - the wait for outdoor table would have been 30-45 minutes so we took a seat at the bar.  We were served quickly and I enjoyed my Salty Chihuahua margarita (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/el-hefe-tempe?select=-k7Q8fXH1tRNndEyS8foAw#rfbhPZTZ4KMR8EUYtvVcZg) - not the best I've ever had, but it got the job done.  You definitely want to get the chili lime salt on the rim - so good.  The bloody mary was only ok - it was way too sweet for my taste (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/el-hefe-tempe?select=-k7Q8fXH1tRNndEyS8foAw#-k7Q8fXH1tRNndEyS8foAw).  A nice open layout but I'm guessing it gets packed later.  Good stop for a large drink on a weekday afternoon.
1	We stopped in for a margarita, beer and appetizer. The place was busy as the Tempe art festival was underway. The hostess told us the wait was 45 minutes. She was really stressed out. We eventually made our way to the bar and sat down. I ordered a margarita off the specialty menu. I watched my drink get poured out of a premade jug. No taste of tequila at all. I asked the bartender if that was normal. She said yes. I let her know I was truly disappointed. If your going to put specialty drinks on your menu, make them that way. Salsas were terrible. I will not go back to this place or suggest it to anyone. Beware.
1	I came here on a Saturday evening w one of my gfs. Got seated at a deserted corner table in the way back which was fine bc there was a bunch of obnoxious drunks acting a fool up front anyway so yes, seat me far away from those crazies please.The waitress came over and took our drink orders which came out fairly quickly, btw. Just as I was about to take a sip, I noticed a nice and shiny strand of HAIR sticking out of it. Oh, how lovely. Proceeded to look around for our waitress for about 20 mins or so but she was nowhere to be found. Actually had to flag down some guy who was clearing out the table next to us and told him the dilemma. He then says "I believe you and everything but can you point it out to me bc I don't see it." Why of course I will. I'll also kindly floss your teeth with it, if you'd like. Like seriously? Ugh. He then goes back and finds our waitress, she asks if I want the bar to make me a new one but I declined. We dipped and went down to RA instead where service was much better, and no hair was found in my drink! I definitely liked it better when this place used to be Canteen.
3	My first experience here was awful. But my friend told me that I HAD to try El Hefe Tempe again! I was surprised at how quickly my mind changed. Our waitress was so sweet and the food was delicious!! I have to say, el hefe is now one of my favorite spots to eat at on Mill. Glad I gave this place another chance!
2	For lack of better words I was very disappointed. When we got there we had plenty of time to order a drink during happy hour but were told there would be a 10 to 15 minute wait till they could seat us. They basically held a line didn't allow anybody else to get in for happy hour even when there is open seating on the patio, not cool. When we finally did order food they messed up and placed an order for a taco not a torta, not sure how you confuse the two. And I ordered the spicy margarita which I've ordered it in the past in Scottsdale it was delicious and spicy the one I ordered in Tempe was bland no flavor and not even a hint of heat. I have been warned that the bartenders were not up to par but I  usually make my own judgement and this validated that. I'd like to go back and give it a second try but there was just so many negatives in the small amount of time we were there I don't know if its worth my time.
1	I won't be back. If you're going, make sure it's happy hour and you're only ordering off the HH menu.Pros(if you're a young man) scantily clad serversgreat people-watching spot, good localeattractive layoutquick service (in my experience)good service (my company had some complaints and waitstaff never acted annoyed or inconvenienced) tequilaConsprices worst salsa I've ever had (I was going to order food until I had the salsa and margaritas)margaritas taste like mix and I am able to buy more than one of those for the same price that El Hefe charges for a single right down the streetI'm personally not a half-naked server kinda girl and if I were, there's a Hooters nearby and, additionally, plenty of college girls in the area who don't even get paid to dress like thatthere were things floating in the iceUltimately, this is the sort of business Mill has been attracting and I can't blame it on anyone but the location and whomever manages the real estate. I'm not certain why there are always so many people with their butts parked in the patio when I pass by on my way to class but I can only assume it's the convenience of the location. I go to bars to get my drink on. I go to Mexican restaurants expecting some decent salsa. If you're the same (either booze or Mexican food), this isn't the place. If you're a college guy or a lonely older man looking for some interesting girls, this is your joint.
2	So much for Sunday Funday the waitresses are more interested in the guys then taking care of you
2	I visited this place on Easter Sunday night, and this place was packed with bros sporting their best pastels and girls wearing bunny ears. The mission statement of this restaurant is clear, get their customers as drunk as possible and let them do whatever they want. Let off party poppers in the middle of the restaurant, why not? Dance on the table next to customers that are eating, sure! Only visit if you're three sheets to the wind and want to go to a place where no one cares if you embarrass yourself. They're only getting two stars because the margarita I had was quite good, and I'm picky when it comes to margaritas.
1	This place sucks. I wasn't let in because I had a temporary drivers license that I had got 2 days ago in Texas. I also had a had copy of my Texas security license, and my old i.d card from texas. All issued by the dmv, all with the same picture and DOB. Apparently the state of Arizona doesnt accept real licenses....it wouldnt be so bad, but the "security" were assholes.
2	Fairly tasty food, if it's hot but HORRIBLE service with mindless employees.First, I have to say the service here is typical of what you may expect when you have college students (particularly ASU) as employees.  For the guys, the girls where short shorts with cheeks exposed if that is what you are looking for.  However, you trade that for service.  The staff's collective IQ is less than that of an average college student and it's difficult to communicate with them, loud ambient noise aside.A busboy (Brent) just walks around expressionless, flexing his muscles and acting as though he absolutely hates being there. The other, shorter, shorter busboy was the only one there with a personality and should have been waiting tables.  The DJ just hits on the waitresses the whole time while blurting out the occasional "Sup Bruh" when is friends come in.  I am a fan of loud (good) music but a lot of patrons were complaining, not that the music was horrible (which it was - EDM) but that it was SO loud you couldn't communicate with anyone who worked there much less the people sitting in close proximity to you at your table.They charge you for chips and salsa, which is ok I guess.  After all, you can't make money if college students just come in and drink beer for dinner while filling up on free chips and salsa.  However, they charge you an extra $1 for every "Shot Glass" of salsa you order.   And I do mean "shot glass."  These things are tiny and only allow you to eat about 10 chips per order of salsa.They were out of glass pint glasses so my first beer came in a plastic cup.  The waitress said the bartender said they were the same size, 16 ounces.  No way.  I finished it and poured my next pint (in a real glass) in to the plastic cup an there was still 2 oz. left in the glass. So....the plastic cups are 14 ounces.  However, I was not charged for the first beer since I made a stink but others should be aware of the gimmick.Bottom-line, this place is always packed, which is why we tried it.  Just be prepared for bad service and the staff  being more interested about how they look versus the service they provide.  The food was pretty good but half of it was coldish and inconsistent.
5	Love the burger amazing.  Incredible tacos and atmophere.  Love love love the open air bar area.  Attentive service and the manager even checked up on us we will definitely be back.
3	I wanna start off by saying that I'm a huge fan of El Hefe in Scottsdale. You get what you pay for there, and I'm totally ok with that! In fact, I reserved a table for my graduation at the Scottsdale location, instead of the Tempe location which is where my university is located. Why? Glad you asked!I've been to El Hefe Tempe more than I'd like to admit. It really is a fun place, don't get me wrong. I think you have to mentally and physically prepare for how crowded it is on Thursday-Saturday nights. If you're not a few (or several) shots in, don't bother going. This place is a nightmare with trying to get drinks. The bartenders at the main bar try their best to get to everyone but there's always way too many people. I am always prepared to wait 15-20 minutes for a drink (on a good night).The back bar by Public House is a little faster, I recognized a bartender there from her working at previous bars in the area. She's fast, makes drinks really well, and in my opinion, is mainly why that back bar was doing so well (move her to the main bar! blonde girl with shoulder length hair). The bar by the front patio is the one I have the most problems with. There's only one bartender there, always a guy. Every time I go there I have to wait way longer that any of the other bars to get a drink. Throw another bartender in there! That one male bartender always has a huge attitude and serves other people who wait less than I do. This happened to me twice last week on two different days.  In addition to bar service, this place is CRAZY packed. You really have to be careful and not step on anyone's toes here, this place is that crowded. Good luck trying to dance, there's simply no room! Another big issue I have is the bathroom. There's no enforcement to the line and girls cut like crazy. Even if the "bathroom bouncer" sees it happen he doesn't do anything about it. I kid you not I've waited at least 20 minutes to get into the bathroom. Ladies if you have to pee go before you come here! Somewhere else might be a little cleaner too.I haven't ordered food from this location yet but I have at the Scottsdale location, I'll update this review once I've ordered tacos from Tempe Hefe. I think these are the main reasons I didn't want to celebrate my graduation at Tempe Hefe. My experience there is always so-so and never gets to the level of fun I have at the Scottsdale location. I don't think El Hefe Tempe is completely awful, it just needs a little more improvement.
1	I use to like this place when it was the Canteen the music was great, atmosphere was chill, and it was a good place to dance until they turned it into el hefe and tired to turn it into Scottsdale in Tempe! now its overcrowded, bouncers are jerks and racist, drinks are pricey, you can't dance anymore because its overcrowded, and the food sucks. I use to go in there but its pack with mostly with horny dudes and its hard to even get a drink in a 10 min time frame. plus if your not white or a chick they won't let you in because they will find an excuse to not let you in after waiting in line for like 30 mins! I don't recommend this bar unless your white and your jeans are girl jeans tight because the bouncers are horrible and are racists just because the color of the skin. I notice they let white people in with shorts, tanks, basketball shoes, jerseys, and baggy pants but minorities are more restrict because they don't like them in there Establishment.
1	Fun music and lots of people. Me and a friend were just talking to a security guard and a girl who didn't like my friend threw a drink at her and kicked her in the back. When we said "are you gonna do anything ???" He said "I believe that was an accident...." Left right after, I'm insulted and will never go here for lunch or a night out ever again.
1	i was at this bar last night with some friends, my girl friend and i were having a nice time and dancing, when out of no where two flip flop wearing boys told us that we weren't allowed to dance 'in their space' and they kept threatening to get their 'girls' to fuck us up when we refused to move. they finally got security to tell us to move, i'm not sure what they told them but when i was talking to the security guard one girl threw a drink at my back and also kicked me with her flip flop feet and the security guard refused to do anything about it. he said "i believe that both of those moves were a mistake and i won't do anything about it" so i found a server and asked for the manager and she told me the manager was too busy because they were understaffed and walked away. i'll phone to talk to the manager today though.i'm sure this place will be closed in the next 5 months anyway. place sux.
3	I thought the happy hour was decent, but its not a huge difference when its not happy hour. The service is decent too, but the tacos are really amazing. I loved it. Best one was probably the fish tacos, but everyone I know seems to let me know that the Scottsdale location is much better.
2	During the day: Food is marginal at best but margaritas are fantastic. The service is nothing to brag about.At night: Usually a long wait to get in unless you are a Mill rat. Fun, high energy, usually pretty good music. Cheap drinks. My only gripe is the amount of people they let in at once. It's an ordeal to attempt to walk across the bar when it's busy to use the bathroom. Just a fair warning, you will be elbowed, spilled on, and occasionally shoved.Bottom line: It was a sad day when Canteen closed.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. Bouncers there are a straight up joke. Waited in like for a solid 20 min only to get close to the front and have this arrogant prick of a bouncer walk up and tell me I couldn't get in cuz I had high top shoes that barely I mean barely covered my ankles. I was a lil peaved so I start looking around I see a handful of other ppl with even higher tops and this kid says "we got it don't worry about it" I sit there outside the line while I watch this kid and another tall bouncer look over at me n laugh as they don't go up to these ppl. I go back to them like what the hell, and they said get out out of here and don't worry about it. Fn joke of a crew this owner has running his or hers bar. Sounds like I got singled out and discriminated against. Love stuck up bars that think they're the shit and can do whatever the Fck they want to do. That's why Gringo Star was legit and will get my business over you hands down.
4	I love these tacos, ordered the El Pastor tacos. Wow lots of flavor just enough spice. Big patio in the back, next time margaritas!
5	Hefe is so fun and the hosts Are so nice, especially Brynn! She helped us get a table immediately!
2	If I have to choose a Hefe, I prefer the one in Scottsdale but I think there are better places to be than Hefe in Scottsdale and in Tempe. They're both crazy packed.The line is usually pretty long Thursday-Saturday and you're going to be rubbing a lot of shoulders and other body parts against people when you try and move around. Be prepared. If you don't like being close to people and you're not assertive, you're never getting anywhere in there. It's generally a very drunk, sort of trashy young crowd but what else are you on Mill for anyways?El Hefe is the classic college club crowd and it needs to be experienced by everyone at least once in their life, but it's definitely not my first choice.Also lots of people try to jump the patio fence while they're waiting in line...Don't.
5	El Hefe is a blast and Taco Tuesday is always awesome: the $2 tacos & $3 Dos Equis are totally the way to go but you can never go wrong with margaritas. Lunch the couple times I have had it has always been good and pretty fast, but I can't say I've ever tried having dinner here. Since this is a bar my primary experience here has been bar hopping. I'm not sure why everyone seems to be complaining about drunk people and crowds- this is a BAR in downtown Tempe...last time I checked isn't that what people are looking for when they go to a bar at night? People watching is always a blast here-if I wanted a place to myself I could always stay home. Sundays aren't my drinking scene anymore (I'm getting old (26) so I recover slower...) but if it's yours the party starting at 4 is probably for you! Definitely a fun place to hang out!
5	Delicious every time I come!  I love everything from the freshly made chips and salsa or guacamole to the tacos and even the salads are amazing.  The prices also can't be beat.  Tacos are only $2 on Tuesdays, and if you sign up for their weekly texts there are additional offers (this week is two for one salads).The service is also pretty friendly and accommodating.  I called ahead on a previous visit so we wouldn't have to wait for a table on a Saturday evening for dinner.  When we arrived the hostess had gone above and beyond to secure a table away from the noisy bar area with room for a stroller for us since my sister was bringing her infant daughter.  I do wish they had high chairs but we managed.  The server also had our bill to us at 6:30 on the dot, cards already run, as we requested so we would be on time to Gammage for our show.We definitely will continue to come back.  We've also been to the one in Old Town, but the Mill Ave location is more convenient for us and is a great weekday lunch spot.Oh, and in response to another reviewer with a chip on his shoulder I'm NOT an employee, just someone who loves a good deal that will stretch my dining out dollars (if you check my Linked In profile you'll see I work in insurance a few miles away).
3	it was a fun place. I ended up having dinner here. Good taco's and nice place to people watch. For sure would be back. The staff was very friendly. Great place to watch sports.
1	Here's a tip about 5-Star Yelp reviews:  When they start getting extremely specific about deals, specials, and how you can sign up for text alerts, 10/10 times they are written by employees driving the average rating up and bumping negative reviews down the page.  As evidenced by this page, El Hefe has clearly encouraged their employees to leave good reviews talking about salad and taco specials to compensate for the customer reviews about their establishment.  Now, as for my experience...In line at about Midnight, I witnessed an individual be told 'hey man, sorry but no basketball shoes in here' and was told the same thing once I reached the front of the line.  Being a logical person, I look not for coincidences but for patterns, and the pattern here was curious being that there were clearly people inside the venue wearing flip flops, Chuck Taylor sneakers, Vans, and yes, 'basketball shoes.'So where is the pattern?  What made those individuals exempt from the 'basketball shoes' rule?  Well, myself and the gentleman who were refused were both of African descent, while the individuals inside were of European descent.  Again, this is simply a pattern that is only logical to reach.  When I asked about the 'basketball shoes' policy, each bouncer had a different response.  "Oh, flip-flops and Converse are ok" said one bouncer.  Another was aboslutely incredulous that I had noticed the pattern of race in the equation and said that Air Maxes were acceptable but not basketball shoes.  When I pointed out that I was wearing Air Max 1s, he was befuddled and stammered out a barely coherent response.  Every dollar spent is a vote cast, and I won't be voting for a racist establishment anymore.  I've included in the album a picture of the European individual clearly wearing 'basketball' shoes.
3	I'm guessing we're not the demographic for this restaurant. It's super loud -- thanks mostly to the music- even though it's a Sunday afternoon. The number of times someone in my party has had to say "what?"is astronomical.The chips/salsa is tasty but the houses margaritas are incredibly weak/watered down. The staff has been very nice, but that's not enough to get us to stay. After drinks/appetizers, we're heading somewhere else for dinner. I'm sure the usual crowd on Mill St enjoys this locale but it's not for me.
4	BOM BOM BOM BOM BOM BOMPBOMP BOMP BOMP BOMP BOMP BOMPBOM BOM BOM BOM BOM BOM BOM BOMPeverybody f***ing jump!BOM BOM BOM BOMBOMPBOM BOM BOM BOM BOM BOMBOMPOther than the imposing "you need to start partying now" mentality that is endemic to the scene that is El Hefe, The vibe here is pretty cool when not bro-crowded (or "browded" if I may make up a term). Food is decent but the kitchen can back up quick-- if every table is taken during the day, it might take upwards to an hour before your food will arrive.And I'm pretty sure the bar forces its employees to dance on the bar countertops and booths... *cow prodding the girls* "You stay up there an dance and feed those men that cheap tequila!"
1	This is the typical hot right now dead in a year bar because of the way they treat customers. The customers that actually pay are looked over for the security guards friends. We were paying customers and told to move because the security guard said a fat girl 'paid for her area'. She was the typical jealous (sad) girl hating every female in her view and had her guard friend tell us to move. So sad, so petty, lets see where we are in a few months. Never been treated so horribly in my life!!!! Never be back.
1	Worst customer experience ever, agree with all the other reviews!!  Gee, trend showing?  People that work there only care about their friends, not paying customers. Predict this place dead in 6 months. Miss the canteen.
1	Ignore the 5/5 reviews from the employees, this place is bogus.   Poorly made drinks and botched food orders during the day, RACIST bouncers at night that actually told my group everyone but my black friend could get in.  Unbelievable in 2014 that employeesare enabled by the El Hefe owners and managers to openly discriminate.This place is doing a great job of bringing sub-par, snotty service to the otherwise Mill and deserves to be gone in a few months...frankly Canteen was much better.
1	This place was a ---- show.Not very organized or clean and the staff was overtly and unnecessarily rude. While I thoroughly enjoyed the fact that there was no cover and the drink prices were decent, the negatives definitely outweighed the positives for me, here. Though this place is quite large, it definitely didn't feel like it. If the bar and patio area was not at capacity, it had to be pretty darn close. I couldn't even lift up my arm to drink my beer because it was either close to being knocked out of my hand or even better, my arms were pinned against a number of sweaty strangers.The music choice was not the best and the layout is generally not friendly to people looking to wander and mingle. If you don't enjoy being shoved into tiny or poorly lit corners and you dislike pop club remixes of songs, this is definitely not the scene for you. I suggest you get your kicks elsewhere.
1	Employees are rude, slow and indifferent.  Good and drinks are expensive and poorly made. There are so many better choices on Mill, avoid this one.
5	Deffinetly the spot to be we had an amazing time celebrating my girlfriends birthday here. The staff was extremely friendly and even though it was slammed the service was great. Highly recommended
5	El hefe not only has some of the best food around, but it is the only place in Tempe to party when there are games, going out, or during the day!
5	Wild every night! My favorite place hands-down in AZ! The night life here is contagious and Iv never been disappointed with there Sunday fun day! Every Sunday they have a corn hole competition and crazy drink specials like penny refills!! You also have to try there duck and pork tacos or there Hefe Hamburger! My favorite margarita on the menu is the la chica flaca. If you want a fun place to get lunch and a few drinks or looking to go crazy night this is the spot.
2	Not a good taco place at all. Just too leaky. Chips and salsa are not free. Limited selection of beer. I'd rather go to Cien Agaves in Scottsdale - free chips and salsa, plus the most amazing tacos!!!
5	After coming here for the first time last weekend, I don't really understand the hate that this place gets. This past Sunday evening, my husband and I came in here as our first stop on Mill for the night. The first thing we noticed was that the place smelled AMAZING. Whatever air freshener they have is incredible! We sat at the bar and were greeted by a very attractive bartender who was quick with our drink orders and answered all of our questions. We had a few draft beers and their tequila bombers, which were super tasty and at a good price.The decor and atmosphere of the bar is great. I loved the pink accent lighting and the pattern on the booths. There was one group that had definitely imbibed a lot of liquor that day and were getting a little rowdy and dancing on top of the booths, but it's Mill, and I wasn't really surprised. Overall, we had a blast, and we will definitely stop here every time we go to Mill Avenue!
1	What was the point of opening a second Hooter's right down the street from another one? I almost feel bad for the girls who are forced to degrade themselves in booty shorts and low-cut halter tops, but then again, half the chicks on Mill dress that way anyway. I guess being leered at all day by half-drunk frat boys really grinds on you, so maybe that explains the extraordinarily bad service.Our hostess forgot to tell the waitress we were seated, so that took forever to even get drinks. Then, she forgot to bring our appetizers. All that would've been fine -- some people just have bad days -- but the food was somehow beneath actual street tacos and more bland than Chili's. Couple all this with the obnoxious top 40 blaring from the speakers and every TV tuned to some idiotic sports spectacle and you'll understand why I hope this place burns to the ground. Leave this shit in Scottsdale, where it belongs.
2	I can give the food the second chance. However, I still find it unpleasant to be served by half-naked girls in the middle of the day. I am not a conservative and very attractive female who fells free wearing mini dresses and shorts. But, I absolutely find it inappropriate to get food from someone who barely covered. Where is the hygiene? Additionally, there are many other ways to present sexuality (if this is the policy of the place), mature ways that will attract different customers. Place lacks friendly smiling  personal, good selection of beer (Miller, Budweiser and etc topped by one or two local breweries choices). If you want attract customers who value good food, drinks, and service, you need to change some things around. Until then, I will think about ElHefe as a place where people come to get drunk by drinking shitty beer or poor quality drinks at high prices and look at booties! I may be rough with the way I wrote. I very seldom give negative reviews. In this case, I was highly disappointed by the place
4	This place is good. Maybe if you are a college student you would give this place five stars but since I am an old fart I go with four. The food was delicious. I got some kind of jicama salad and it was great. Also we got the chips and salsa as an appetizer and it was fun because they give you three different types of salsa. On balance, four stars is just about right for this place.
5	I would have to agree with Lauren F., that this place garners some seriously unnecessary hatred! I had a blast here, the service was friendly, and dammit, IT DOES SMELL SO GOOD IN THERE! Someone please let me in on the secret! Sure there were a few groups partying pretty hard for Sunday Funday, but hey, to each their own... didn't bother me one bit! Also, I can't imagine what else would be on the telly, in place of the "obnoxious" sports that someone previously complained of! What would you rather be watching kind sir? Or was it ma'am.... All in all, it's an incredibly attractive space, and Tempe should consider itself lucky to have such a well thought out concept. I can't wait to come back!
4	Drinks are fairly priced and the waitresses are super nice! I don't eat when I come, because I'm here for the drinks :) I def recommend the place for a fun time! Casual atmosphere so come on down
5	Great service, being a soccer fan they really knew how to put on a party while also showing the world cup on their millions of tvs!
5	WOW! This place rocks! Great atmosphere....Fun....Servers are energetic, courteous & always go the extra mile for you...Our drinks & food came promptly to our table...,.Drinks and food are off the chain! If your looking for an atmosphere of high energy, fun, variety of drinks, food & of course the best servers on the planet then El Hefe's on Mill St in Tempe is the place to be!
1	This place is terrible.  Service took forever, manager was a jerk, and security was a bunch of meatheads that thought they were awesome for being 30 and working at a bar.  Cool story bro, get a real job.
4	I had to knock this place down a star for being overly loud...with speakers above each booth it was a little obnoxious how loud this place was while the game was on. My table of 6 could barely carry a conversation without yelling across the table over the speakers.The chips and salsa were mediocre but they did continue replenishing the chips until the salsa was gone thankfully. The tacos were amazing on the other hand. Definitely worth four stars on their own. I tried the Duck Carnitas, the Al Pastor, their Carne Asada and the Beef Cheek taco. I'd recommend each of them and twice on days ending in a Y. The drinks were a little weak for the prices. I had the Bulldog-Garita with the mini bottle of Sol tipped upside down in the chalice....not very strong for a 32oz. marg....the Mexican Mule wasn't my favorite either. At $10 each just order beer or tequila or both.All that aside service was tip top and the servers here are all attractive with ASU down the block. Worth a stop in for some great tacos outside the norm.
2	After waiting in line for about 30 minutes (no big deal), and having about 6 groups of people pulled out of line because they knew someone working there (annoying), we finally got in and were met by some of the worst bartenders I've ever experienced. We waited patiently for someone, it was saturday night and the place was packed, and one of the girls actually stopped serving drinks and spent the next 5 minutes dancing with the other bartender, leaving no drinks coming out while about 10 of us waited. Couldn't get a jack and coke right, first one was all coke, 2nd was all jack, gave up on a third attempt and just had a beer. I will say the place was loud amd rockin', and that's why we went there. Excellent atmosphere, and a big crowd if thats what you're into, but we came to drink and that was a disappointment.
4	Although this place is best known for its party (they know how to throw a party like a boss), their food is pretty decent.I had the carne asada tacos and were inexpensive, tasteful and filing.You can't ask for much more.Cheers
2	Bummer! I'm from SF visiting AZ for a debate program. Went here to grab some cheap eats. Long story short, the waitress overcharged us. When confronted, she said she had no way to fix the error. Whatever ... That was annoying. My friend requested salsa and when told she had to pay for it, she made a genuinely confused face. The waiter (different one) said awkwardly "you don't have to look at me like that." It was a weird vibe killer.Moving onFood : bad. Had a Torta that was overly sweet. No free chips , you pay for salsa. Tacos were weird too. One tortilla, no salsa to put on them. But the cardinal sin here is when she offered to get me a beer, she lagged because she was busy flirting with men around. Listen sister, we had a long, hot ass day in Arizona. The least you could do is get me a cold beer, on time so I can drink while my friends are eating. Not chug a beer before we have to run. + one star for the bartender who spoke to me and gave me a discount. Really nice guy. I wish the food could save this experience, but that was not worth the money either. ) :
4	If it wasn't for their delicious bloody mary with bacon in it this place woulda got 3 stars from me. Their Tostadas were bomb and their chips with corn dip (i cant remember the name of it) was great as well.
5	Just moved to the area, and headed down to Mill ave to get into some trouble. El Hefe had good music, a lot of beautiful girls, and all the booze a man could ask for. All in all it was a lot if fun, and the people were very nice. We went there again during the day and had some tacos, the food was very tasty, the bartender/waitress was awesome, and the price was very reasonable. Go check it out!
3	food ok a little pricey but good. it is probably a better spot if you like to drink
1	mike the owner sounds like a FOOL. hes kissing feet on the reviews to ppl in the area , haha. i wrote months ago what happened to me, and he doesnt care . beware if your not clicky enough for his place, he dont care. basically the door guy judged me for whatever reason, total fool, he lost business im a artist and retired vet to take care of my mom,.. I take care of myself and look young. mill ave is full of these business cronies cashing in on young pukke. shame on you, not me.
5	I sat down with my wife to enjoy dinner and cocktails. At 9:15 while we're in the middle of eating and laughing some bar staff girl comes over and slaps a card on the table and says "just so you know at 10:00 these tables are reserved and you'll need to be done. Are you fucking kidding me?? I'm drinking call drinks and Clase Azul and you're gonna make me feel like I'm being bounced after I've been here 45 mins??? 2 words.....fuck....off!!! And then the god damn bar manager comes over at 9:30 and says well you don't have to leave right away. Hey!! Eat shit you already walked me and threw a damper on an otherwise enjoyable night. Asshole...........This was my bad experience, now for the good.Since the original post I was contacted by the team at El Hefe regarding my concern. They took the post and my rant and used to educate the staff on a better approach to what could quickly become a sensitive issue. I went back last night to get a first hand look and from my first interaction at the front door with Sean through my service and reviewing the changes with the GM (Rob) my son and I had a great dining experience. I sincerely look forward to returning again in October with my wife for some more tasty tequila. They get 5 stars now for addressing a concern and improving upon it.
5	bitches love Hefe! taco Tuesday, boss Thursday, and Sunday funday... Hefe has got you covered. Don't bring people here that don't like to Party. Hefe is not for the weak. that's why it's super macho of course.  Just ask Kivanc, Jono, Justin,  Devin, Thomas, Parker, or Soltero.... If I forgot anyone I apologize!
2	Went here with my nephew who was in from out of town because I'd had fun here before. We had a two drinks each, shared some chips & salsa, and 3 street tacos. Walked out of there spending nearly $70 on a very small lunch. The chips come with 3 different salsas, but they are not free like other Mexican restaurants, The tacos are decent, but overall, this place is a little pricey. I don't think the bartender smiled once, although she was nice enough to tell my nephew that old town Scottsdale is the place to hang out. THAT kind of explains the non-existant smile on the pretty little blonde's face the entire time. Probably won't go back here again unless it's HH, because they do have their house margaritas for half-price ($5).
3	El Hefe is the newer "hot" bar on Mill.  Good nightclub atmosphere on the weekends, but it is literally shoulder to shoulder if you dont have a table. Waitresses are all nice, as well as the bouncers which is real cool. Drinks are overpriced (Mill Ave prices) but usually pretty strong.  Overall you get what you pay for as far as drinks go. Shots can get expensive, but the tequila selection is very good (as it should be). Tables for a birthday or something is a great idea, but way too expensive (200$ for a table and 1 bottle of skyy..yes SKYY.) Never eaten here myself.
5	Our server amber was amazing. She has such a sweet personality and gave us some great recommendations for the food. We will for sure come back here.
5	Whenever I head to mill the first place I stop at is Hefe. I always go there because I love the music. Not only is the music good, but the food there is awesome. You wouldn't expect a bar to have good quality food but I would totally recommend the chicken tortilla soup!!! The place is always fun and happening even during the week. They also have corn hole in the back which is always fun to get a group to play. Least to say, Hefe is the one spot you should hit every time you head to mill. Bring a bunch of friends because it'll call for a good night!
5	This spot is perfect for a Sunday Funday or  a Friday night out. A group of my girls from ASU stopped in and got a table. We got a few free bottles and danced our asses off! I will definitely be coming back. Everyone here is super cool and is down for a good time.
5	Wow, I mean it's the best bar on mill by a long shot..  Always a party and definitely brings in the hottest ASU crowd.  Bouncers at the door are always super nice.  There is usually a line when I go but it moves super fast. Now that the nice weather is here I will definitely be putting in some facetime on there outdoor patio.  Especially if they put that gorgeous Kryzlin on that outside bar.  Thanks El Hefe for bringing the fun.
5	Great place! The food is always good and the service is great! They have a pretty good happy hour; definitely try the camarones tacos! We had Taylor for our server, and she was great!! Love the outside patio, too!
4	Always a good time and good people... it isn't as good and fun as the Scottsdale location, but it's okay because that one is temporarily closed for remodel.
4	good service, nice size carne asada tacos!magarita was okay not amazing, could've used less juice and more alcohol..but I'm not the bartender here. Didn't see the price, but $2 tacos on Tuesday and a $8 degree Margarita in the middle of downtown tempe is alright w/me!Ill come back here and continued to bring outta-town friends..4 STARS
1	I was forced to be at a table on Friday night by the bouncer in order to get in without waiting in line.  Another guy at the table terrorized me and was extremely hostile and aggressive with me.  I told the bouncers but I don't think anything happened.  This is not a safe place for a beautiful woman.  The guys get off on bullying petite women.
1	Service was terrible, I was waiting in line with 2 girl friends when the bouncer strolled by and complained about my sneakers when everyone else was wearing sneakers such as mine. I felt totally discriminated , I'm no college muscle head jock so maybe I didn't fit in, lucky for the bouncer the oink patrol was there so my 2nd degree blackbelt and boxing background didn't have to be used to shame his ignorance and lack of respect.
2	The men's bathroom is always a mess with multiple toilets out of order and a layer of some sort of liquid covering the whole bathroom floor. The two patio bars usually only have two bartenders and take forever to get a drink. Also if you buy a table no matter how much money you spend they will kick you off your table right when you finish all the bottles you paid for.
1	We had a fun time however I ordered tacos and they never came and our server even told me that they were on there way twice but they never came They ran out of coors light miller light and dos and then still charged for premium buckets they just never seemed interested in making our experience worth it
3	Nice place to sit outside and watch sports if it's good weather! Service is a bit slow and the waitresses don't seem to care much.Week nights its typical college hangout, decently priced beers and draft selection. The tortilla soup is HUGE! Don't plan on being hungry for more. Also, the tacos are a bit small but are great with some Cholua. I'd recommend the chicken.
4	Tacos are AWESOME love it! Drinks are pretty good ! I'll be back !
5	As soon as I saw a sugar skull on the sign, I knew I was destined for the place.  Just as you cannot judge a book by it's cover, you cannot judge a restaurant on it's signage.  Luckily for me, cool sign aside, I was loving everything I tried.  Even the presentation was impressive.  They serve the tacos on a large branded butcher block.  Do not miss the Yelp check in bonus!  Our table got free guac and elote dip.  Both were double dippablly good.  I would order both again in a heart beat.  I'm not even a guac person and was all over this dip.The braised beef cheek taco was super tender and juicy.  The chicken tinga taco with its passion fruit salsa, jicama relish, lime crema and hint of chorizo was addictive.  For their al pastor, they braise a pork shoulder, and it's full of flavor from the pineapple salsa.  I could eat these tacos- every day.  All day.El Hefe (The Boss) Supermacho Taqueria also has some pretty good margs.  I stuck with the happy hour house marg but the salty chihuahua with jalapeno and hermanos pistola with cucumber pique my interest.The place was pretty rowdy and this was just during a week night dinner.  I gather at night this becomes a club.  Who would have ever thought that a club would serve some of the best tacos I ever had.   They passed around crazy mustaches and we got some hilarious selfies.   While, it was not the best place to dine with a baby, we were with a group and made it work.  However, the food was so good, I would tempt fate again and bring her in the future, if it meat I got my hands on these boss tacos!
3	You all knew it was coming down the bend eventually... El Jefe must review El Hefe. ~Fud/Drink~I have not eaten here yet. It to me, looks like pizzaz filled gringo-ized Mexican that you'd come to expect at a douchey bar started up by bro's from Scottsdale. Just skimming through the menu it just exemplifies how many horrible Mexican food options we actually have here in Arizona. Its like all the American-Style Chinese places around each corner, same-ol-same-ol. With that said, the drinks were tasty. I had two separate margaritas here, the best being the House Margarita. I enjoyed the flavors which were balanced between sweetness, crispness, and booziness. I do not enjoy paying $12 however, for a margarita...If I want to spike up my hair, get my surfer voice on, pop my collar and head down to a bangin' club in Scottsdale, now we're talking. But here, on Mill? Nope, I'd rather go to a couple other places for that type of coin. But then again, flavors mixed well...~Atmosphere/Service~The atmosphere is what earns this place the bulk of its stars. It transitions better than the bulk of restaurants I have seen: From a day-bar, to a lunch spot, into a pre-club spot, and finally into a full-out nightclub. Good for them, the chameleon thing works really well. I happened to enjoy the latter two versions quite well with a few of my friends, with music blaring loud as can be into the heat of the night just a few weeks back. The DJ was no slouch, dropping some good mixes and allowing the booze to influence my white boy dance moves well.  Service is quite poor here, however. All of the girls are just there for eye-candy. They dance on top of the bar and seating areas once it transitions into a nightclub, and seem to not fully care that this is their job during the other portions of the night. One of the girls tending for me literally was on her phone, looked up at me and smiled as I looked onward asking for another, and then back down at her phone. About 15 seconds later she said she was sorry and got caught up with a friend, and then made me my drink. That's so lame, and exactly the type of service you expect from this place. No suggestions should be asked for, just don't do it...I doubt they really know their own menu quite well.~The Downlow/Extras~No extras...reall simply put: Did you see how there are pros and cons to everything here? It's give and take, and I should not need to expect that from a place where I am spending a good amount of money. Plus, they spelled Jefe wrong....I mean, you are in Arizona, spell it right. This place tries to be The Boss, but they are barely that. They get 2 stars for the nightlife atmosphere and a  1/2 star which is rounded up for solid drinks. They lose a star for shit service and an over-priced douche menu. Would I go back? Yes...but that's after I have had a bunch elsewhere and then walk on in here to enjoy maybe one drink and the DJ music. Otherwise I will leave this for stupid ASU frat boys who can't get their oversized skateboard out to the Scottsdale location.
1	The Boss? Seriously? This place is a mess. Went there today and it wasn't overly busy. Short line out front.  We waited 1/2 for a table. They text us, we showed up and got a table. Then the fun began. Hostess came over to tell us to get back in line.  Said we jump past people and took the table. We explained the reservation and she said oh okay, I didn't know. She then took our order of drinks and appetizers and left. 20 minutes later a waitress comes over and wants to take our order. We explain once again. Wait another 10 minutes, and nothing. Total of 30 minutes of my life I will never get back. All 3 of us got up and left. Walked over to Z Tejas where it's always good. Won't be back. Ever!
2	El Hefe looks like a good place and the decor is fairly hip... Although it does seem out of place on Mill and better suited for Scottsdale. At first glance the menu seems tasty and original, but upon first bite you quickly realize that it's all about appearances because the portions are small, expensive and aren't huge on flavor.The bar is lame because they aren't even trying to highlight our amazing local breweries here in phoenix... The wait staff however is nice so that part is good.Overall, it's better to check out a real pub like Rula Bula.
1	This place is absolute crap! Worst staff I have ever seen. Very poorly trained, I was embarrassed for them. Big waste of time.
1	WORST SERVICE IN TEMPE!!!!! Like the WORST....Highly understaffed and rude to boot.First off all you'd have to be drunk to enjoy the awful food and since we are having trouble even ordering a drink it's just a miserable experience. I won't ever be returning to El Hefe for any reason. Even if they were giving away Tequila for free, I'd find another spot to drink. Clearly they make lots of money and the management doesn't care for their customers. In a town full of bars there's lots of other good choices to drink and spend your $$$Don't go to El Hefe!!!
5	I absolutely love this place on the weekends!!!! Every Saturday night me and my friends would start out here !!!  I don't understand how this place doesn't have a solid 5 star rating!!!! The DJ is always playing hot music and everybody has fun!!!    Props to the bartender who work their asses off all night to serve drunkcollege students like myself !!! :)
