3	This Trader Joe's is so close to my house, I really should be there more often.  I used to go to TJ's back in San Diego, and that one was much bigger and nicer than this one.
4	This Trader Joe's is just as good as the one on Decatur but for some reason I haven't quite put my finger on yet, I like the Decatur location better. The vibe here seems urgent and rushed and the one on Decatur seems more laid back. Not due to the employees but more clientele. Maybe that's it. The folks over on Decatur don't mind much when my son is trying to see if he can relieve them of the unusual coins on the check out counters and sometimes they reach in and give him one. Not so at this location. They are not amused. I go to this location when I need to pick something up at Kmart so I can kill two birds with one stone. As a result I usually get there right before closing and while I know the employees hate that they don't get snippy. I usually apologize for my late arrival and get a "Don't worry about it, I'm here til 9 anyway" type of response. Same good stuff, same good price.
5	Love Trader Joe's! They always have such great food at the best prices, period! Also, Lots of healthier options...which I really like.
4	This Trader Joe's is far closer to my house than the one on Decatur, but I actually favor the Decatur location. This one is smaller, with narrower aisles and it feels like the customers are coming in right off the freeway and polluting the act of grocery shopping with residual driving anger. This is especially noticable in the alcohol aisles, which have the crappiest layout and are always zones of passive aggro. That sucks because short of installing a zen garden, you don't really know what TJ's could do to cheer the place up. I mean, Trader Joe's is already a pretty zen minded buisness.
5	I can't believe this place is not as busy as it should be. TJ is the ideal shopping ground the Chef Heroes or the Kitchen Zeros. The portions are perfect for small families. I truly believe that if more people shop at TJ, America would be a better place. FOOD INC. Industrialization has really hurt us. Cheap large portions of processed food sounds great until those empty calories add up to a myriad of diseases. If you enjoy great "mom and pop" restaurants with great tasting food, you will enjoy Trader Joe's.
4	Went shopping at Trader Joe's to get a few items to make some dinner.The store was well stocked and they had a very large wine selection. They also had lots of fresh produce and other grocery items. The aisles were a little on the narrow side so there wasn't much room and we had to keep stopping and letting people through etc.. The staff were helpful and check out was quick and easy.
5	I agree with Angela H. - "What would the world be like without Trader Joe's?" It's around the corner, reasonable and actually our "second" market.
4	This store is a bit small and could be improved by having more space, but their products are very good and reasonable. You can find special food items there that are often hard to find in Las Vegas. I love the cheese selection they have and their wines are very good too.Over all this store is very good and the service and help is better than  in most stores.
5	I wish there were more TJ's in Vegas. In LA, the foodie conscious has pushed this to be a big deal chain and rightfully so. Though there are some things I need to go to the grocery store to complete some menus, this is a great stop for some "specialty" foodie-licious items. You try getting agave syrup, flavored papardelle pasta, gourmet olives and spreads, etc. at the regular grocery and you will be paying more. I'm someone who usually avoids prepared foods because majority of them don't even come close to tasting good (unless you already fucked up your taste buds with all that chemical laced food) and they friggin' are chalked up with so much things we don't need but the assholes in control of the food industry has pushed it upon the masses and slowly killing everyone. I try to avoid as much as I can especially in the place where I hold the most control in quality- what I'm cooking at home.  Here, I can feel good about some of the prepped foods being a bit better and they actually are pretty good to do on one of those lazy, long weekdays that I just want food without the work of handmaking everything the way I normally do. I also love their wide selection of premade gourmet salads, I usually grab a few to eat at work. For the working family or for people who don't like/"can't" cook, this is a great place to get prepped food or simple meal ideas with their variety of pre-made pasta sauces, curry sauces, marinated/stuffed meats, etc. Their freshfrozen fish is actually pretty good quality and really reasonable. I grab the mahi mahi and tuna steaks to store for those days where I just don't know what to make. Fish+rice+ simple veggies= good healthy meal fast! Now their junkfood, though "better" for you, is still pretty fucking dangerous. Cookies, chocolates, nuts and fruits and chips selection is pretty wide in variety and I try not to read any of them and want any because knowing my BF he will pick up enough junk for the both of us. Haha. His weakness is the shortbread butter cookies with fruit jam and we never leave TJ's without one for him. Wine here is a great deal. I cook with wine more than I drink so I at least don't feel bad buying a few here at a decent price than pouring an expensive drinking wine into a sauce base. Beers is a small selection but I like that they either let you buy anything in a pack or per bottle. I was curious about their Trader Joe made beers and I at least can buy a $1-2 bottle than buying a 6 pack. Dave Chapelle said "WHAT THE FUCK IS JUICE?"  Sometimes I feel like that going to the store and finding all kinds of nonsense ingredients in juice. Well this is definitely good juice that even people who like " the red/purple/green/orange color drank" can get into. I love pure juice, but I don't like cleaning out a juicer (they never make em easy clean!) to get something decent to drink. I am glad there is at least two here in Vegas since they have been a mainstay in this cooks life since age 5.
4	The Skinny: reasonably priced great produce and dry goods but limited meat options. No fresh seafood counter (4).I go here for fresh organic produce and their great pantry staples for reasonable prices. Some staples include their garlic, mustard aioli, apple cider vinegar, trimmed leeks (I love these!), pita crackers, chocolate covered pretzel thins and almond butter thins.I do like their bread and they have a wide variety of choices.The only gripe I have is that they don't really have in much in the way of fresh seafood and have limited meat selections. Other than that, they're great for most of your daily dietary needs.
5	I absolutely love Trader Joe's.  They always have great products at reasonable prices.  I was there today and picked up a bunch of good stuff.  I recently tried their Whole Grain Flatbread and made some Flatbread Mexican Pizzas & Grilled Cheese with it....yum!Some other stuff I buy regularly here:Table Wine - This is a great place to pick up everyday table wine for less than $6.  It's hit or miss as far as the quality, but I've had a lot of success with their Argentinian Red Wine.Beer - Yes, I buy beer here on occasion.  Their Summer Brew is pretty good....and I just bought a couple of bottles of Chimay Tripel & Grand Reserve....yes!  Their Christmas Brew is awesome too.Cereal - I'll pick up some flax & whole grain cereal and try the various flavors they offer.  Not my favorite cereal, but it changes it up a bit.Chocolate - The Better Half loves Dark Chocolate.....and TJ always has a nice selection of Dark Chocolate to make her happy.Dessert - Our family loves their Tiramisu Cake & Chocolate Ganache Torte.....fuggeta-bout it!Will I return?  Oh yeah!
4	I am definitely a big fan of Trader Joe's.  Why?  Because they focus on healthy, organic, natural foods AND they manage to keep their prices low. Trader Joe's is small (in comparison to most grocery stores), so they have a more limited selection of certain things like fresh produce, and because of their smaller size the aisles do get a little congested at times. However, they also have more extensive selections of certain things. The nuts and dried fruits aisle is fantastic.  One of my favorite healthy snacks that you won't find anywhere else is the Cashews and Hibiscus mix.  Trader Joe's also has an aisle with a generous selection of chocolates and chocolate-covered nuts and berries.  Who doesn't love chocolate?Trader Joe's has a unique selection of delicious, gourmet-style, ready-made frozen meals like Polenta Provencale and Gnocchi alla Sorrentina. These are not among the lower priced offerings, but they are tasty.  Another great about Trader Joe's is their wine selection. While they have plenty of the more expensive wines that I can't afford, they also have cheaper wines like Trader Joe's own brand of "Coastal" California wines, which at $4.49 a bottle is well within my budget.  I'm no wine connoisseur, but I also think it tastes good.  I would even say that the cheap price makes the wine more palatable.Trader Joe's doesn't carry everything I need or want, but it has a lot of things I want that I can't find anywhere else.  I like knowing that Trader Joe's doesn't stock items with artificial colors, flavors, preservatives, added trans fat, or genetically modified ingredients.  And I like their reasonable prices.
5	I've been a fan of Trader Joes for several years.  Not only do they have some really interesting products, but their prices are very competitive, especially if you compare them to Whole Foods, the people who take your Whole Wallet. My better half and I found some incredible wine at TJ's recently, $1.99 a bottle, who needs milk for cereal when wine is so cheap.  Even though the store is much smaller to most grocery stores by comparison, they carry a great selection of products.
4	Trader Joes is great for unique products. It's where I stock up on foods I can't find elsewhere. I buy a lot of  snacks... sweet potato chips, guilt free tortillas, jalapeno crunchies, lentil potato curls, veggie sticks, assorted nuts and flattened bananas. Wine prices are also fantastic. Everything else I buy happens to strike my fancy at the time. It's fun to browse.
5	gotta love trader joes! this location seems a little bit smaller than the one of decatur but still awesome. its definitely a bit crowded and chaotic on a sunday but what place isn't? service is great. the checkers are always so nice and i love that they can neatly pack all of your stuff into as little bags as possible. so efficient! =)
5	king of organic eats. seriously, i love coming here even just for the relaxed type of countryside vibe. i don't know if it's because folks that shop here are healthy, but people aren't in a hurry, or running you over with a cart, or even irritated with life. i like their shelve gourmet cheeses. they have a section for just health bars. now i know where to go for cheap bars should i pack for a hiking trip. i could spend an hour here just cruising up and down each isle with my mini cart.  the workers are friendly and genuine.
3	I like Trader Joe's, but this is not my favorite location.  It seems like the merchandise is poorly shelved here compared to the one where I normally shop.  I tried to get some Atkins bars here today, and there was an empty box among the bars, and the bars on the shelf were not the ones from the empty box which happened to be the kind I wanted.  Next time, I'll go to the TJ I like better.Still, many great items to be had here.
5	I just wanted to say I love/hate Trader Joes right now. Sooo I saw a bag of mini Stroopwafels (they're butter waffle cookies with caramel/syrup in the middle) and I love these things so I grabbed the small bag of these.We got home and the bag is empty. Yeah.....
5	It would be against all that is sacred to give TJs anything less than a 5 star review!!So hear's the back story. I'm originally from Chicago. We have TJs there. TJs captured my heart several years ago when I was trying to lose weight and not go broke. Well back in February we moved to San Antonio for my husband's work and they do not have TJs here!! So Thanksgiving we head to visit the in-laws in Vegas. My first day in Vegas I hit Trader Joe's up. My sister in-law asked me "What do you need to get?" my response "Nothing. I just need to step into a Trader Joe's to feel normal again!" In the end I picked up some packs of brown rice medley one of my favs, pumpkin butter...another of my favs, and a few bottles of wine. Oh, TJs...I MISS YOU!!!!!!Either TJs needs to come to San Antonio or someone is going to be moving out of San Antonio. One guess as to who. :(
5	As a kid I was always  a fan of the random chocolate and candy goodies my grandma would have laying around every time I would visit. As I grew older I started to pay attention to where she was getting these delicious sugary treats from and it always seemed to me that they were in Trader Joe's bags.Fast forward to present day and every time I step foot in a Trader Joe's I am reminded of growing up and going to grandma's house to stuff my face until I can barely walk. Their selection of unique and tasty candy is always amazing and you can try something new without repeats.Since I like to think I'm an adult now I've also noticed their myriad of fresh produce, cheeses/pasta (lobster ravioli!!!) not to mention some interesting frozen goodies that you literally can't find anywhere else(Shu-Mai anyone?). Tack on a friendly, helpful staff and this Trader Joe's location is just as fantastic as I remember growing up. Bravo!
4	I love the fact that this Trader Joe's is super close to me. It makes it handy to pick up snacks which is what I usually get here. I love trail mix and they have a large variety at reasonable prices. I don't have much of a sweet tooth so I appreciate the fact that so many of the trail mixes don't have chocolate or other sugary add-ins.They also have a decent variety of salads, sandwiches, and other pre-made foods for a last minute meal.The other nice thing is their produce, which is organic yet reasonably priced. The selection isn't huge so I've never been able to make it a one stop grocery shop, but it is good for inexpensive unique items.
5	I didn't have a Trader Joe's anywhere near me until I moved here.  Now I can't live without it.  There have been a few things that I've tried over the years that I haven't loved, but basically, it's my store of choice.  The sampling isn't on a par with the Costco buffet but - and I'm not sure everyone knows this - they will open ANYTHING and let you taste it before you buy it.  Today they were sampling little rice balls with fontina cheese, box of 12 for $3.69.  They were delicious, and I thought they'd be the perfect thing for my New Year's Day brunch, but I'd need to buy too many packages.  At that price, it's just too expensive.  Alas, I was too late for any wine tasting  :)The new stores that TJ has opened in NJ and NY are huge.  I visited a year-old location in Central NJ and was shocked at how big it was compared to our pissy little ones here.  A guy working there told me that the NY store is five times the size of that one!I wish TJ would open a store in Summerlin.  If Whole Foods can do it at Town Square, why can't Trader Joe do the same at Tivoli, which will open on Rampart in a few months?  Anyone wanna help me start a campaign???
5	Probably my favorite grocery store EVER. Think mini Whole Foods, with more reasonable prices. My favorites are the fresh pizza dough and the frozen orange chicken. I stock up on that orange chicken like the world is coming to an end. Well, at least until they open one closer to home.
4	This grocery store has some great unique items that you can't get anywhere else.  Here are some items that they carry that I highly recommend:Tzatziki: Big chunks of cucumber, very tasty.Roasted chicken patties: Find them in the fresh food section around the pre-made salads.  Just put them in the microwave for 1 minute and voila. Very tasty.Fresh ciabatta rolls: Goes great with the chicken patties. Wrap them in aluminum foil and freeze them if you can't eat them all in a couple of days.  Then just defrost in oven at 400 degrees.Vegetable masala burger:  In the frozen food section.  Grill them or heat them in a skillet. So yummy with the tzatziki and ciabatta.Glenny's Cranberry and Almond bars:  Just like KIND bars, only cheaper - just 99 cents!Vegetable Pad Thai: Frozen food section. Vegetables consist of bean sprouts and green onions, which is a little disappointing.  But it's a good, quick microwavable meal.Peanut Butter Goodies: Just above the frozen food. Cookies with peanut butter creme, dipped in chocolate and covered in chopped peanuts. Seriously yummy.The produce is limited but is surprisingly good.  From looking on the internet, some people have been disappointed with the produce at Trader Joes in general. But I've gotten the best avocados at this location, in season.  Also, their bananas, tomatoes, and portabello mushrooms have always been good in my experience.  All their bananas are green right now but that might have to do with the banana shortage.The only thing I've tried that didn't like is the frozen arancini balls.  I was pretty excited about this item, but when I got them home and heated them up in the oven they ended up being pretty disgusting. They just melt into a ball of crap in the oven and don't retain their shape at all.  Very bland flavor. I guess I'm just spoiled from Nora's version.The staff is always nice.  All in all a great grocery store for specialty items.
4	I love Trader Joe's as their stores have such unique items. I am now a vegetarian and they have alot of food if you don't eat meat. They have small stores and use there space so well with so much to offer. The employees are also great!! I love their belgium dark chocolate and i can't think of anything bad to say about Traders. By the way they have the best organic spagetti sauce with a Trader Joe's label for the same price the supermarkets offer for the junky stuff. If you have not been there check it out and you will be impressed.
4	Trader Joe's are great. I remember seeing them everywhere on the east coast. This particular Trader Joe's is one of the smallest ones I have been in, but it still carries tons of great stuff at Trader Joe's prices. Can't beat Trader Joe's 1 Buck Chuck wine.
3	I would love to give this place 5 stars because I LOVE LOVE LOVE many of the products Trader Joe's carries.  But the actual shopping experience at this particular Trader Joe's is 100% FRUSTRATING.  The store is way too small for the amount of people trying to shop in it.  Forget about trying to use a cart.  My best advice is to only get as much stuff as will fit in one of their hand baskets because trying to navigate the crazy small aisles with a cart is pretty much impossible.  It's also good if you go in with a game plan .... a list of exactly what you want... .because browsing is also impossible without having to look over someone's shoulder or constantly move out of someone's way.I love Trader Joe's food, though.  Their frozen foods are high quality and make dinner fast and easy.  They have a terrific selection of unique ethnic foods.  Some of my favs are their frozen naan and individual sized chicken tikka masala.  I also love their lavash flatbread. They also have lots of organic choices  -- canned and otherwise -- at very reasonable prices.So overall, I would give Trader Joe's a 5 for their products and a 1 for their incredibly frustrating shopping experience... which comes to a 3 average.  And I would be SO excited if Trader Joe's would open another location in the NW or Aliante area so I wouldn't have to step foot in this one ever again!
5	why the 5 stars?-SUPERB customer service-everything i want and need is always in stock-minutes away from the pad-healthy and affordable -neat, clean, and organized-get entered in a raffle every week for a $25 gift card if you bring your own bag. i am also a HUGE whole foods market fan as well. because they support the local farmers and vendors, sometimes i am unable to find certain items when traveling from city to city. trader joe's shelves are always stocked with the same items. i appreciate the consistency throughout the stores. not knocking wfm by any means, i support local anything. i just appreciate and love when i can find a certain craved item in any town. mahalo joe! =)
5	TJ's the spot! I LOVE coming here for frozen food and the prepared food. It's perfect for a lazy cook like me. The salads are always a good choice for a yummy refreshing lunch, esp. the BBQ chicken, the Thai noodle salad, and reduced-fat Chinese chicken salad. The prepared dinners are awesome too, like the Cajun chicken pasta dinner or the chicken tikka masala. Def check out TJ's if you're like me and too lazy to cook. or you need a quick healthy alternative for lunch/dinner.
5	It seems that everyone wants to make healthier choices, and Trader Joe's is a grocer that has unique items and brands that allows everyone an opportunity to save and still buy the healthy stuff. The shelves are always stocked and the items are fresh, never have I found anything I wasn't happy with. Out of town family and friends (mostly from Hawaii) are happy when we show up at the airport with a bag full of goodies from Trader Joe's and we often pick up gift cards so they can pick out their own things to take back. This is a good smaller grocer that stocks fresh vegetables, organic grown, fresh cheeses and sausage, large selection of wines, nuts, and many other items. You cannot go wrong with TJ's brand items as well.
4	I like all the Trader Joe's stores I've ever been to. I like their product mix, the staff is really friendly and pretty knowledgeable, and I like the way their stores are organized. But, even though I think they're great on all those categories, there are two where I think they need to improve: price and product mix. First off, I think the prices here are kinda high. Granted, a lot of their things are more of the "premium" variety or organic or gluten-free or the like, so I understand why the prices are higher than other stores. At the same time, these guys have a lot of the same stuff as Fresh n Easy where prices are considerably lower. So it's kinda strange that they feel they're ok to charge these prices. They probably just do so because their shopping experience here is better than other places. Second, I think they have a lot of great products that you can't find elsewhere. It's pretty cool. But that doesn't mean they always carry every product I need. For example, I walked in the other day and asked the girl working the counter where I can find condensed milk. She (very kindly) informed me that they don't currently have it as it's only a seasonal item. I don't know that condensed milk is or isn't a seasonal item to the rest of the world, but Von's carries it year-round. So does Target. So, probably not just a seasonal item. In other situations, I've looked for items that are seasonal (yams) where I understand that you don't have them. All in all, I'll keep coming here. I like their stuff (Orangina!) and I like that the stores are smaller which makes the shopping experience quick. Those are both wins!
5	Great service! Fabulous prices!
5	This is my favorite grocery store in the whole world! It has everything I could ever want -- an endless supply of vegan cherry chocolate chunk ice cream and tomato basil hummus. Mmmm. I would live there if I could!This TJ's always has samples out. Move over Costco! Most of the time the samples include cookies and juice so I often found myself gravitating towards that area first with my son. It's a total toddler paradise. I'm pretty sure this is the only grocery store my son even remotely looks forward to going toThe employees at this location are super friendly and always make it a point to ask if you need help, or to simply say "hello." There's one cashier in particular that always plays games with my antsy 4-year-old while ringing us up which gives me just enough time to rummage through my purse to find my debit card without him climbing out of the cart and running amok. He also makes sure my kiddo gets stickers and balloons every time. It's like going to a carnival every time we check out, except instead of stuffed animals we're leaving with delicious food to stuff ourselves.
4	Love it!So I normally go to Fresh & Easy for groceries but I'm starting to come here : ) I love the different selections of food they have! The store itself is a little small but VERY clean. The employees are super nice and did not rush me (I'm a bit of a talker : )   ) This trip I went in looking for a specific item: Home-made Mexican style tortillas! I had tried some before from here and I seriously almost crapped my pants! THEY'RE JUST LIKE MY GRANDMAS! Now I have been looking for home-made tortillas for almost a year since I moved here. Normally I make a few dozen and freeze them; but its tedious and I usually eat a dozen with butter whilst making them! LOL. I'm a fatty! LOL. I came here on a mission and boy was that mission completed! I walk in and I smell how yummy the store is! The aisles are slim yet packed! I was excited to start my mini adventure! I came in looking for the tortillas and walked out with a bag full of goodies! I started off in the middle aisle: frozen foods! I usually never really buy frozen food unless theyre taters or the steamable corn from F&E. I was in awe whilst walking down this aisle; I seen potato latkes, choco covered banana pieces, and soooo many yummies! I only got a few things bc If I start looking I will forget what I came in for (Dang ADD!!) HAHA. So, I made a left turn in the wholey(grain) land of breaddd! Ahhhhh! LOL. Sooo many different types of bread! I was gonna back away bc I love the carbs but must stay away!! I then about did a jig bc I found what I was looking for: TORTILLAS! I checked the price and was shocked! 2.69$ for a dozen of these babies! Normally if I HAVE to buy tortillas I spend a dollar, but this time I took the plunge and grabbed a pack. I felt like I was shoplifting, I had a sneaky look on my face bc soon I would be in buttery tortilla heaven! I went straight on and checked out the fresh fruits and veggie area, there were a ton of people in that aisle so I skimmed and seen they had a lot of organic products and other yummies. I decided to head for the register with all my new treasures : )The 4 stars is bc the prices are a tad higher than f&e and bc of the layout of the store. I'm also with Julie, I purchased a loaf of bread and it only lasted about a week : ( I shall return here, I like to come to just grab one of their pom yogurts with granola since its only a buck before heading to K-Mart : ) Check it out! Theyre gonna have free pumpkin carvings for the littles this Saturday beginning at 9am while supplies last!
4	I love the Goat Yogurt.. oh and their goats milk is the cheapest. The brown eggs are like farm eggs from home. Thank you Trader Joe's
5	Awesome place! Go here for alot of my groceries and snacks for friends and family to send back home. The staff here is very friendly and helpful. There is an abundance of parking so thats nothing to worry about. I literally must stop myself from overbuying snacks when i walk into this store. There food is awesome and fairly priced!
4	The location is a bit tucked in the corner, and the parking lot is always packed, so beware of parking! Just a friendly warning that does not affect rating. The food selection for the size of the store is great. The prices are also awesome! buying organic bananas for 39 cents a bunch....I don't think that can be beat. I see alot of the same products at whole foods here for much cheaper, so if it comes to a few select items i will pop in here first before my whole foods run. Wine selection is good if your planning on a fast grab, and they have wine tastings every so often in the lobby for those of age. It is crowded at times, but i consider this a good sign. Items i personally grab are produce, orange juice-not from concentrate, bottled water selections, and reeds ginger beer. All fresh, delicious, and well priced.
5	LOVE! This store is fantastic, the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable, they keep a good stock of items, and the store is organized and clean.Note. VEGETARIANS: the only place in town I can get vegetarian turkey slices (tofurkey I guess?) but its delicious!!!
5	When we were deciding if we should move to Vegas or not - I distinctly remember saying "Well, Vegas has a Trader Joe's...I can live there".I've been a Trader Joe's disciple for decades now.  Compared to the cramped, teeny lots that made finding a parking space during a trip to TJ's in LA more like driving in a mouse maze (Hello, Silverlake Trader Joe's I'm looking at YOU), this Trader Joe's has parking to spare if you take advantage of the Kmart parking lot that's adjacent.We head for TJ's every two weeks or so to stock up on healthy (and not so healthy) snacks, and stuff for quick meals.  I've recently started eating more vegetarian and vegan meals on a regular basis, so TJ's has become a blessing.  They even carry some cruelty-free hygiene items under the TJ's brand - nice!Some of my regular purchases:TJ's Shave Cream (smells like a beach vacation in a bottle)TJ's version of Soyrizo (better than the brand name!)Wasabi Wow Snack mixThe pre-made Indian food in vacuum packages (Jaipur Vegetables and the dals are GREAT!)Frozen Garlic NaanMediterranean HummusSpinach and Kale Low Fat DipGinger and Miso Marinated CodOh - the list could go on and on! The staff here always seem pretty happy and helpful - the guy that runs the wine tasting is so popular I think he has groupies!
4	I like Trader Joe's. There's a sort of insouciant vibe amongst the staff that makes the place fun and laid back. Some of the Trader Joe's stores play music you wanna dance to but this one isn't quite that much fun, I guess.  Their prices are not as bad as Whole Paycheck's (I mean Whole Foods), and the quality of their produce is good.  If you're into decadence, they've got that too (over the holidays try their chocolate covered jo-jos!)If you eat a raw/whole food/vegan diet like I do sometimes (the mood comes and goes these days) you can get some decent stuff here: raw nuts, raw almond butter, Ezekiel bread. I sometimes get almond or soy milk here as well.  I come here every week for a stack of salads that I'll eat at work.  If I see a Trader Joe's in a community, I feel pretty good about that area.
5	I come here every few weeks to stock up on my Trader Joe's items, most specifically their Parmesan cheese and the Mynts.  Lately I'm considering going to a GFCF (gluten free, casein free) diet and the fact that all the GF items have a big "g" by their price tag makes it very easy to figure out what I need.  There was even a list when I walked in the door of the GF products they carry.  Also, I sometimes cook with wine, but I don't drink it so I get their least expensive bottle, which is under $3, and still a good quality wine, so I'm told.  Actually, everything I've had at Trader Joe's is just delicious and very good quality.
1	Trader Joe's is one of my favorite grocery stores, but this particular store is dreadful. The aisles are narrow and crowded, making it very difficult to maneuver with a shopping cart. The prices are on the high end. The produce is gross.The staff is obnoxious and if you leave your cart unattended for more than thirty seconds an employee will come by and begin re-shelving the products you just picked out. On one occasion I had accidentally entered a 10 item or less lane and was instructed to enter a regular grocery lane. I certainly understood that this was my mistake and had no issue with entering the regular grocery lane. The next time I visited the store a customer with a shopping cart packed with food entered a 10 item or less lane and the Trader Joe's employee happily rang up her order. I counted that the customer in the 10 item or less lane had over 100 items! Service is inconsistent at best! I informed the checker who was helping me about my previous experience. The checker told me that different employees follow different rules, he also apologized (although it was not his fault) Avoid this Trader Joe's location.
5	What can I say? TJs is my favorite.  Even when it means making an extra stop at a "regular" grocery to get items that TJs doesn't carry, I will still go here for produce, dairy, cheeses, nuts and meat.  This location isn't huge, but they carry all of the standard items.  Among my favorites - fresh salsa and guacamole, pub cheese, ready-to-grill bulgogi, and that mac-n-cheese is deadly addictive.They must treat their employees well, because they are always quite friendly.  I would rather have my money support a business like this when possible.
5	This Trader Joe's, on Washington, near Buffalo,  is pretty sweet. It embodies all the good memories I had of TJ's in Southern California. Cheerful employees, and some good food at a fair price point.The cheeses available are awesome - the Unexpected Cheddar is my favorite. Makes my mouth water to think about the flavor.  The meat offetings - from the sliced deli meat to the kosher chicken,  and the tri tips - are all good.The liquor is competitively priced. The Zapopan Tequila is a bargain at about $ 10 a bottle -- and it's  better than many tequilas I've tasted  at 6 that price. I've  had a lot of decent tequilas - Zapopan is a bargain in price and taste. T J s also has a good selection of wines and beer.TJ 's is a good place to shop,  from marinara sauces to frozen indian style dinners,  there's  something for everybody.
5	5 Stars, DUH! its the only place i'll buy my groceries, and the employees rock. Everyone that works there smiles at you says hello and asks if you need help finding anything. I guess they are all so happy because they eat healthy organic food all the time. lol.
5	This is an update to my previous review.A few days ago I sent Hubby to TJ to get some items, one of which was a bag of TJ ChampsElysee salad, our favorite combination.  The next night I started to prepare dinner, and opened the bag of salad, only to find that 3/4 of it was rotten.  It was way before the expiration date.  I had a started bag on hand with an earlier expiration, and that was in much better shape than the newer one.  Between the two, and a lot of sifting through, I managed to cobble together a decent salad for the two of us.  But I intended to return the rotten bag to TJ.A couple of days later, I did just that.  I went to the desk, and  Eric asked me if I had more shopping to do.  When I said yes, he told me to leave the bad salad and receipt at the desk, then have the checker ring him when I was checking out.  It was close to closing time, so I didn't spend a lot of time in the store, but got a few items and another bag of salad for that night's dinner.  When I went to check out, though, Eric was nowhere to be seen.  When the checker dinged her bell, another manager came over and took care of the return - or so I thought.  But I wasn't watching carefully.  I checked my receipt and saw I wasn't charged for the new salad; I thought it was just a substitution for the one I returned.  But when I got home and unpacked, poised to start dinner, there was no salad in the bag!  I was livid.It was 9:01 p.m., one minute after closing, but I called anyway, and Eric answered.  He was completely apologetic, and offered to deliver the salad to our house!  He said, though, that he couldn't do it until he finished the daily cleanup, which might make it around 10:45.  I couldn't believe he'd actually do this!Eric showed up around 10:30 and had not only the salad, but a bouquet of flowers and a frozen carrot cake as well, "for dessert," he said.Now that's service!!  How can you not love a place like this???!!!!
3	This is the smallest trader joe's I've been to in a LONG time.I like the selection of wine and pre-made salads and wraps.It's pretty much ALWAYS packed, so bring armor haha.I wish that the store was bigger!
4	Love TJ's! Although they don't carry everything a major chain does-( I don't need all the stuff from one of those stores most anyways)I know the quality at TJ's is good, no GMO's and there is a large organic and healthy variety of fresh and fun items. I shop here all the time and I love it!!
4	Small, but had the basics with good quality
4	Been shopping at this location since I moved back to Summerlin two years ago. It's the closest one to me. Love this Trader Joe's almost as much as I loved the one I shopped in Green Valley, just off of Coronado and Eastern, I believe?The store is pretty neat and organized, but I have noticed they have a tendency to move things around in the frozen food section and that tends to become a little annoying. The vegetarian selection here is pretty decent and the prices can't be beat. A lot cheaper than you'd find in a traditional grocery store. The staff here is awesome. Always asking if I need any help as I shop and the checkers are always friendly. Sparking up a conversation and recommending products. Yeah, all Trader Joe's do that, I know, but I like it. And it always seems like I meet a new checker that's vegetarian, so that makes the food conversations that much more enjoyable.I frequent this location once a month and always will while living in this area. Kudos!
1	I lived most of my life in the area where the very first Trader Joe's opened up. It's still there in the same shopping center and it's about 4 times bigger than both locations in Las Vegas. The locations in Los Angeles County have extremely high amounts of traffic, yet somehow the workers are so well trained in providing excellent hospitality that they remember all the regular customers by name. That ain't happening here at the "Summerlin" location. 90% of the workers here probably can't even remember their own names. When I was shopping at the Monrovia location around this time last year, one of the workers was telling me a story about how he dropped by the Summerlin TJs location while vacationing at the nearby Red Rock Casino. He could not believe what he was seeing. Apparently, the behavior that the workers at the Summerlin location exhibit is rule breaking, and would get them fired if they worked at any of the Los Angeles locations. Also, he complained about how the workers don't watch where the f*ck they are going and always collide with you. Holy sh!t...Isn't that what always f*cking happens here?? Have any of you guys ever been here and not had a worker collide headfirst into you? The workers here seem confused, or maybe even hungover. When you ask simple questions about their products, they either do two things: 1-They just don't answer you, and look down towards the floor. 2- They just don't answer you, and look  towards the wall.  If you come after 7:30PM, almost everything is out of stock. There is no more whole grain bread, no more wheat tortillas, nothing.  The only things they probably got left are products marked: Cream of Duck, Pizza in a Cup, and prepackaged Seahorse Nigiri.Most the chicks who work cashier do nothing but gossip with each other, and they never pay attention to anything that is going on around them. They literally don't even say "hi" to the customers or even bother to  tell you what your total price is.     Organic Toilet Paper? Are you f*cking kidding me? Why does my toilet paper have to be organic? Tell that Joe motherf*cker(or whoever the f*ck owns this place) that I ain't gonna spend $5.00 on 4 rolls of toilet paper to wipe my ass "Organically". Are their really carcinogenic agents in my Wal-Mart toilet paper that is gonna give me ass cancer? I don't think so. What a f*cking scam! Nice try Joe.Hemp Cereal? Can you imagine the douchebags who come in here and buy that sh!t thinking it's gonna get them high? What the f*ck does hemp taste like anyway? I always assumed it tastes like smoking the wrong end of a cigarette or something.Every time you ask a worker why they only have 2 Trader Joe locations in all of Las Vegas, they will always tell you: "We actually got 4. We got one in Green Valley, and one in Anthem"........ You see, the fact that these workers don't know that Henderson and Las Vegas are two separate cities is probably the reason they also don't know how to answer basic questions about their own products. They call this location: "TRADER JOE'S- SUMMERLIN". This location is not in Summerlin. Do you guys seriously not even know what area you live in? On a positive note,  if this TJs was actually in Summerlin there would be even more bitter fat old people fighting each other, a bunch of Eastern European people wearing leather pants and skin tight metallic t-shirts, and piss n sh!t all over the walls.  In all fairness, there is probably three workers here that are actually really helpful. 1st guys is the middle aged man who works behind that desk area, second would be the Filipino woman who frequently likes to talk about traditional Filipino cuisine, and 3rd would be that one dude from Pasadena. The other workers ain't that great. The other reviews claim that this location gives "good customer service". Then what the f*ck is going on here with me? I'll just assume they don't like Asian people or something. I don't know?
5	Trader Joes is one of my favorite places to go to! Anything that deals with yummy food is my kind of place! The staff there is always friendly and the selection of food is awesome! I do tend to park myself in front of the frozen foods though. Their chicken potstickers are amazing as well as their meatballs. Those 2 items are always on my list when I go besides the dark chocolate near the check out stands! I also love their pre marinated meats, wraps, hummus, juices and sweets! There can be a wait though to check out but it is all definitely worth it! Prices are fairly reasonable and you don't feel like you are getting all this processed food!
5	trader joes is the shiz! they have great selection of foods and produce. i love their selection of mixed nuts and dried fruits. ive picked up some hummus and pita bread here. i usually eat half of it before i drive out of the parking lot. every few months ill get a craving for their peanut butter pretzels and ill finish a whole bag and then get an upset stomach. then after a few months... its a vicious cycle.
4	Trader Joe's has lots of interesting, unique, affordable items.  It's a tiny store.  Has a good little wine selection.
5	The 7th Day of Christmas (should have been posted yesterday, but Yelp site was closed for maintenance when I was ready to write...)TJ's is awesome sauce, in my book.  I'm fortunate to have this one less than 2 miles from my house, so it's convenient to stop and pick up favorites such as the pre-made salads, Greek yogurt, bananas, or ground flaxseed for my power smoothies.  Since it's a small store, I try to avoid shopping there between 5pm and 6pm on the weekdays because it gets way crowded.  However, the upside to being a small store is that I know where everything is and I'm in and out in 10 minutes or less.  The staff is always friendly and the free samples of food in the back area are great.  I think the prices are more reasonable than going to Whole Foods and it's definitely more convenient for me.  Plus, the Gone Bananas chocolate-covered frozen bananas will keep me coming back forever.
5	Clean, organized, and full of yummy treats -- how can anyone NOT like this place?  Staff is always ready to help with a smile and there are often samples for the tasting (my last visit netted me generous samples of bread and cheese).  I come to TJ's to stock up on snack items (hummus, crackers, yogurt-covered pretzels) and huge chocolate bars (the baking chocolate).  I think one could procure better produce elsewhere, but again, I don't visit TJ's for the fruits and veg....I go to get the good stuff (i.e., the not-so-good for you!).
3	I can sort of understand why this Trader Joe's is always a madhouse. If you live in the Northwest your options for organic, vegetarian or any non-standard grocery items is limited. With Fresh&Easy's likely going out of business soon, I don't doubt the revenue of this store will get a boost, but the shopping experience will continue to be a headache.It's your standard Trader Joe's, which is above average when it comes to the grocery stores experience. Something about the layout is off to me, but I think I'm just really used to the one in Henderson. Nonetheless, they are always well-stocked, even when I went the day before Thanksgiving out of pure desperation. The staff is nice and helpful; they take customer service seriously even when the place is a zoo.Trader Joe's are small, they just are. And this one is always packed to the brim, the parking lot is like an obstacle course and the patrons are just a little more pushy than the average TJ patron. I get it, you folks are desperate for some organic leafy vegetables and antibiotic-free dairy. But good God, let's be kind to one another! I've never had my basket bumped or been cut in front of so many times in one trip! I know TJ's can't control this, but the wildness of the store really deflates the shopping experience.Good TJ's, crazy customers.
5	What's not to like? Clean store, friendly staff, reasonable prices and great products! We always make it a point to stop by on every trip to Vegas.
5	How can you not love this place.  It's very clean, everyone is really nice, GREAT prices. I love how almost everything here is smaller portions for like 2 people and the prices reflect that as well. I found the majority of items to be between $1-3  I love how much ethnic foods are avail and some really interesting snacks such as kale chips (someone had brought a bag of these into work and I was hesitant about them at first but I was really surprised how good it was), and some partially dried mango slices that are just sooo yummy (and I'm not even a big fan of mango) I think Trader Joe's is a great place, I just wish they had a few more locations throughout the city.
5	I just added Trader Joe's to my weekly list of errands.  I love this place!!!What's there to love about Trader Joe's?  At TJ's, it's all about clean eating at a good price.  TJ's is like my personal nutritionist.  I love that.  This location is not close to me, but it is convenient to one of my gyms.  So, don't be surprise if you see me here from time to time. Do I hear Duke in the future??My usual purchases here;-Almond Butter-Peanut Butter-Egg Whites-Broccoli-Spinach-Chicken Breast (Cooked, Frozen, and Uncooked)-Steaks-Ezekiel Bread-Turkey PattiesUntil recently, I could never understand what the big deal was about TJ's.  Now that I've been here on multiple visits, I can see why.  Everyone else seems to think the same thing.  Yes, this place gets super busy.  But the food is cheap and healthier than most.  Whenever I want that bucket of fried chicken, tator tots, and a huge bag of Doritos, I know that I won't find it here.  That's a good thing.  Trader Joe's is keeping me in check.  You can say Trader Joe's is myfitnesspal.
2	I've discovered I really don't like TJ's. The store was packed at  around noon on a weekday, it doesn't help that the store is so small and everyone stands around blocking either your way down the aisle or from looking at products. Where do these people come from? What happened to common courtesy? I felt like I was in a compressed version of Walmart. I did buy a few things since I was there, some prices are okay and you can get some cool products you can't find elsewhere but it's not worth the trouble. Checking out was not any easier, every check out was open and about 5 deep, it took forever...it's nice the cashiers are friendly but you need to learn how to do 2 things at once, talk and check out people...it's really not that hard. I really doubt I will ever go back.
5	Best grocery store in Vegas!
5	It is a Trader Joe's - of course it is an awesome place! This particular location is my favorite. The sales staff are some of the person. I got person recommendations and help whenever I want, or can be left alone if that is your preference. The prices cannot be beat, and yeah, you can eat like crap anywhere, but this place helps me eat a lot cleaner. It also doesn't jack up the prices on healthy food like most retailers. I love that they will sample anything you ask about. The wine tastings are great, as is the sample station. It is our primary grocery store. My son has renamed it "The Sticker Store" because the staff always hook him up with stickers at the check out.Our family staples are: Cheeses, Yogurts, Milks, Produce, Frozen Treats, the unique chocolate candies (chocolate covered edamame!), Frozen veggies and fruits, and breads.
5	LOVE trader joes, great staff, cheap prices, quality food, sometimes stuff is hard to find because it's a little cluttered but I love looking thought everything and finding different items each time. Sublime cookie sandwiches are the best!!!!!
5	Trader Joe's has never failed to impress me!Coming home from work I always ponder on what my next home cooked meal will be. I always go to my nearby grocery store but this time I was on the prowl for that most talked about trader joes speculoos cookie butter. I couldn't resist so I made a sharp turn off the Buffalo exit.Upon entrance, the associates greet you with a warm smile that makes you feel right at home. I usually know my way around and knew exactly where that cookie butter was located. As I picked up the jar of heavenly goodness, I decided to wander off and picked up a jar of coconut oil and started reading the label when suddenly an associate came over to make small talk. He told me about the different kinds of oils they had, but coconut was by far his favorite because of all the uses other than cooking. It was almost like having google right in front of me! I wish I could remember his name because he made me feel comfortable and our conversation seemed natural and unrehearsed. I came to the conclusion that no matter what associate you come across, they are always the first to approach you and give you the necessary information you never knew you wanted. And their products are pretty amazing too! Thank you trader joes for having me shop with you instead of Walmart!
5	I love the customer service at this Trader Joe's location. I've never encountered an employee on the floor who reluctantly offered assistance. Everyone seems to be happy in the Trader Joe's world and eager to assist customers and answer any and all questions. On many occasions employees start up interesting conversations with me. Sometimes I feel bad when I get caught up in a conversation with an employee, thinking I'm stealing the focus away from their current tasks. But it's refreshing to shop in an establishment where everyone seems genuinely friendly and enjoy helping people. It's hard for me to walk out of this store in a bad mood.This TJ's fits the bill as most of their locations. Great products and cramped quarters. It can get a little crazy during peak times, especially at the food and coffee sample station, but it's not a deal breaker.Love the employees, products, and prices. This location is always my #1 go to.
5	My husband and I went on Saturday and it was such a pleasant experience as usual.  People were friendly, made eye contact and actually spoke.  Such a pleasant treat after usually shopping at Food For Less.  I love the produce and cheese selections but everything has always been awesome we bought here.  The cashier was awesome and super friendly.  I love this place!
4	Phew... I finally made it to 200 Yelp reviews. Been a long journey and I would like to thank my friends and family for helping me achieve this feat. Oh who am i kidding, I've been slacking off. Anyway, I wanted to review something good for 200 and I am happy to say that I am a fan of Trader Joe's and what they stand for. Always friendly service, great selection of items without having 4 different brands of each and fair priced. I journeyed to this Trader Joes for one item in particular. Yup... COOKIE BUTTER. As the great Cookie Monster once said... "cookie, cookie cookie.. nom nom nom nom."I called ahead to confirm they were in stock and before I arrived I knew I had to ask for it as it would not be on the shelves. If you have ever dreamed of being a part of a drug deal... go to Trader Joes and ask for Cookie Butter. But don't ask too loudly. They have them hidden behind the customer service counter and it's only one of each kind per person. Damn, should have brought a few costume changes. They bring them to register like they are trying to hide the fact they have them. I find it funny and kind of ironic that people don't buy in bulk and more people can get them... yet if nobody knows they are behind the counter the same people will just keep getting it. Also buy: Speculoos Cookies (the stuff they make cookie butter with) - I might actually like these more than the cookie butter itself. Dark Chocolate bar with Speculoos Cookie Spread - delicious but also it's $1 per bar. Anyway.... recommend this TJ's. Clean, friendly and good location right by Parma :)
5	sea salt carmels are in!!! oh, and three different flavors of cookie bitter! ugh
4	Unlike Los angeles there isint a trader joes on every corner. Took a bit longer to get to this one. The employees were very helpful. I only needed a few items so it was easy. Of course saturday its a bit more crowded but the fact that they have lots of room in this store makes it bearable.The parking is also ample. Again in LA some trader joes are a nightmare with parking and accessibility in the store.Overall pleasant easy experience.
3	For a Trader Joe's, I'm not really super-impressed.  Maybe it's the location or the general community surrounding it.The layout is a bit strange, and makes it hard to navigate around some areas.  Pair that with the two main clientele that frequent this location - really, really old people and really rude rich people - and I'd rather just go elsewhere.This one seems to run out of certain things quickly, like kale.  Not sure if this is a common problem at other locations.Cashiers seem to be pretty normal.  Once in awhile they'll have a little personality and character, but they do their job - can't complain.Nice thing is it is open at 8am so I can quickly go in there and get out before more people come in.
4	I love love love Trader Joe's. Their frozen vegetable lasagna is uh-ma-zing. Also love the frozen Kung Pao chicken. I have come to love their own brand of pretty much everything. Crackers, chips, salsa, dried parmesan/Romano cheese, and their hand lotion of all things. The only downside to this store is it's size. It is way too small for the amount of people shopping here. The key is go go early in the day. That seems to work out better. There are so many wonderful items in the store, you really need time to peruse at a leisurely pace. Also, if you like a wide variety of cheese, this place is perfect. Cheerful, friendly employees help as well :)
5	Although this location is small it packs a lot of punch. Unbelievable always friendly and helpful staff. Fresh and affordable groceries with real ingredients. I love that they label their shelf labels so I don't have to read through everything to figure out if it's gluten free or not. My only wish is that it was bigger but super love this store.
5	we shop at his location once a week. an we are never disappointed . they always have the same items in stock. their produce is small... but anything they have is perfect quality. great tomatoes and avocados very clean and friendly staff!! don't come if ur short on time the lines are usually long!although they move you thru pretty consistant you will still have a wait and not many registersjust go for the eperience and enjoy the samples!! which are always available and the coffee is amazing
3	I know people absolutely LOVE trader joes.  For me it's just OK.  I think it's mostly what I buy.  They have a couple of Vegan brands I love but mostly I go there to buy flowers!   Everything else is better or cheaper elsewhere (or I can never find it at Trader Joes!)   I do like the Trader Joe's sweets though.  Have to give them a brownie point for that.
3	I'm conflicted about this Trader Joe's. They are always crowded, I have never been here without encountering entirely too many people, no matter what time of day. I try to avoid coming here when I can, but the good part about this Trader Joe's is that it's larger and better stocked than the other locations in town. I'm not a fan of the layout of the store. It's long and there are essentially three long aisles that span the entire length of the store, which is a little awkward.I don't make it to this Trader Joe's too often, but when I'm looking for something I can't usually find at my local store, I make the trek to this side of town.
4	This TJ is the closest to my home so it's semi convenient for me. I gave it a good review because their pricing for organic food is extremely reasonable here. Reason why it didn't receive 5 stars is due to the lack of inventory and size of the store at this location. The cashiers are always friendly :).
4	I really like this store since it is really geared towards my current budget and healthy (relatively) eating.  Lots of organic produce & meats.  Prices on these items are reasonable & generally cheaper than most other organic grocery stores. The Trader Joe branded products are competitively priced to the big chain grocery store items and are usually low on additives; a lot of the "heat-n-eat" foods, frozen or otherwise, are tasty without lot of additives, too.  I have come to like so many of the Trader Joe branded products, that I have geared my shopping to this store & it's close proximity to another small-volume grocery store.The wine sampling/tasting is usually fun and very social.  Most of the patrons act like it is an exclusive wine bar. Most enjoyable.The staff are friendly and helpful.  It does seem rushed when shopping in this little store, kind of a frenzied atmosphere, most of the time.  The parking lot is also busy since the parking spaces, right in front of the store, are also pass-through roads from Washington & Buffalo.Heck, I may even buy a reusable bag, even though they are hideously gaudy.  Walk through sometime, get your Cookie Butter, 2-buck Chuck, and some quality chocolate then call it a day.
5	What can I say I love everything about Trader Joe's :)  Nice selection of goods at an affordable price. They are like half the price of Whole Foods. I shop at this location weekly since it's close to where I live. The store Is clean, they are always restocking merchandise whenever I go In and the staff Is always helpful & friendly. *I look foward to summer when peaches & nectarines are in season...they are always sweet & juicy and only $4.99 for a box. Their premade salads is another one of my faves.  Oh and their Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Sandwiches are so yummy! :)*
5	Always my happy place. :)  love the non- GMO commitment to the quality of their brand. For that they get 5 stars ; any thing with their brand name is non -GMO. The black rice hit the shelves and my shopping list is damn skippy complete !! I am pleased that they now have that available. I like how they invent their products.  The names of the food labels are whimsical - funny!  It is sort of quirky - cool - eclectic .  The food is amazing.  The Organic options are wonderful.  I am proud to shop here because they take pride in their stores. You can see it in their employees. Always helpful and always available. The lines move fast at every store. I think this is a larger store but I go to all of the locations- the one on Eastern reminds me of the store in San Clemente, California.  I think everyone should shop here and get Sprouts out of town !!!  I would love to see more trader Joe's all over ... May Trader Joes  be blessed and expand their territory ;) yay trader Joes ! I am never disappointed.
5	I was so excited to find Kerrygold grass fed butter here! And at a reasonable price, too! The goat cheese raviolis and the sauerkraut are both awesome. Very cheap fresh basil which makes the store smell heavenly. The customer service was great; I even got help out to my car since I had my hands full with my toddler. It was crowded, but it is a Saturday so I expected that. The employee who helped me unload the bags in my car said a new location is due to open in October near Red Rock casino, so hopefully that will help with the crowd a bit.
4	This trader joes is awesome!! Its not that much larger than the others but I feel like this particular one has more of a selection of items then the others do. Clean as all trader joes usually are. Staff was very friendly and helpful. It was very busy but I guess its no surprise as this trader joes is a great one!
4	Utilitarian, with the bathrooms in the back storeroom. It's smaller than most, with limited stock. Several of the things I normally get are not offered here. Still, the staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and quick.
5	I just moved here from Cali and Trader Joe's is where I frequently shop at.  I was so pleased to discover this location is only a few minutes away from my condo.  I ended up buying everything on my list  instead of going to another food store!!!Prices are reasonable and fruits/veggies so fresh!  Lots of parking.  Staff helpful and friendly.   My first choice in food shopping definitely!
5	Love the great prices and wine selection they have. Highly recommended.  Lots of good prices on health food and other good foods that you don't find at other grocery stores.
5	I called this Trader Joes wondering if I could get some food delivered to a friend who is very ill and not able to cook. I live in Los Angeles so I couldn't do that deed myself. I asked them if they could deliver, and accept my credit card information over the phone, all though that is something they don't do, the person I spoke with called his boss and was able to get approval for me to use my credit card to pay for the food, and the employee himself offered to bring the food over to my ill friend's house as soon as he got off work. They have wonderful service, and the few people I talked to were so kind and understanding. My sick friend was so grateful to open her door to find this great delivery from the kind employees at Trader Joes!
5	Finding specialty animal-free foods in a typical grocery store usually takes a concerted effort and spending commitment. I find Trader Joe's brand items unbeatable in taste and price. Vegan items are marked with a "v" on the front or say "vegan" in the ingredients list. The grab-and-go area has some great wraps, salads and produce. For a quick and cheap lunch, I like to grab a wrap, banana, yogurt (soy or coconut) and larabar for less than $10. If you're looking to make any festive custards or cheesecakes, TJ's brand vegan cream cheese is only $2.50 and their Speculoos cookies make a great crust. The sweet snacks in the frozen aisle are hard to pass up. The dark chocolate covered banana slices are fantastic. The snack aisle has a variety of nuts (roasted and unroasted), dried fruit and various munch-ables (healthy and indulgent). It's my neighborhood store, but I'm looking forward to checking out the new Downtown Summerlin location.
5	This Trader Joe's Rocks!  The staff is amazing and they always have the products I'm looking for.  The place can get a bit crowded at times but the checkers are very efficient.  I've been to several Traders Joe's in different states and this is by far my favorite one.  The store is always spotless and very well stocked.  I wish there was a closer Trader Joe's to me, but this place is always worth the drive.
5	I love this store! The staff are always very welcoming and helpful. My favorite thing there is probably the cookie butter  they are always getting new things to try in and if you don't like them you can take them back or just the receipt and they give you your money back. They have gluten free products and vegan. Their premade salads are the bomb.com
2	I really loved going to TJs in Green Valley, and even the one in Anthem wasn't bad. The patrons here make me dread stepping a foot into this store and I am so glad there is one at DT Summerlin. It is like 90% of people who come here leave all basic courtesy and tact at the door and turn into a bunch of rabid animals. There are carts left unattended in the middle of the already claustrophobic aisles, people blocking entire sections (most notoriously cheese) with their cart while they touch and feel every single item before deciding on what they want. No one will hesitate to mow you down with their cart either. I mean, what is so hard about parking your cart off to the side at the entrance of an isle as to not obstruct anyone else while you go into the isle and grab the few things that you need.The employees are hit and miss, but overall lean toward more friendly and helpful than not. The stock is generally good, but the quality of the produce (especially organic) is also hit or miss. We do like TJ's products and do most of our grocery shopping here, but I will go as far as to compare the stress level at this store to that of going to Costco. My advice is be aggressive, unyielding, and unapologetic. It is the only way you will survive this store.
4	I really love trader joe's! I am giving them 4 stars and not 5 for this location because of the size of the store, and its hit and miss depending on what time and day you go.... Employees are constantly stocking the shelves, but sometimes you can't get what it is you are looking for.I love the quality of their organic products, and the prices are fabulous!! Especially compared to Whole foods prices.Another thing I love about Trader Joe's... their fresh flowers... so beautiful and look beautiful for a week or more!Quality and Price!!!Yay!!!
5	We always visit TJ when we come to LV cause Hawaii doesn't have any stores. They always have great food at good prices. Went to another TJ earlier but they were out of the chocolate covered almonds so we drove to another TJ. Yeah found them. We now love the new Minty Mallows they are Ono-licious!!!!
4	This used to be my go to TJ's before the Downtown Summerlin location opened.  I decided to stop by because I have noticed lately that the DS location has a tendency to run out of some items and I was hoping to find them here, which I did.  This store was not as crowded and easier to get in and out of especially because it doesn't have the holiday mall crowd.  My only complaint about this store really is the parking lot.  More than once I have been approached by people asking for money or knocking on my car window or approaching with a baby stroller - - I have yet to actually see a baby.  So be warned there are shady characters in this parking lot so just have your guard up.
4	Great prices. careful with parking.... lines are quick. most importantly groceries are fresh and inexpensive.
