3	Aww yeah!  That smoky barbecue aroma used to permeate the windows of my car every time I drove by.  Awesome chicken, and the staff are funny and friendly.  No, it's not healthy, but it's good for the soul to indulge once a year.  Twice.
5	the best sauce ever!rib meat scares me, but the sauce MMMMmmmmmMMMM!!!
4	I love Lil Porgy's sauce. I don't like spicy foods, but their mix sauce is just right. I almost always get their chicken sandwich with mild sauce and a cup of the mix sauce. Their sandwiches come with an order of fries. They also offer potato salad, pickle spears, and a few other sides I can't remember right now!Definately worth a try if you like barbeque.
4	I'm glad to write my first review ever about lil porgies!First I'd like to say that I've been eating here for over 4 years and for a place like Chambana, there's not that much to choose from. In my opinion, this place has one of the best smokie "cooked on wood" tastes in the area.I used to go a lot on Sundays for their 1/2 chicken special that included a 32oz lemonade shakeup, both which are delicious! All for under $5, this deal can't be beat. All their food has a good smoky flavor and you can order sauce in a few levels of spicyness, on the side or on your meat (usually mix is good).  Most of the items on their menu are pretty good and fresh if you go during the lunch/dinner hours, although the beef ribs might be a little dry at times.All their entrees comes with an order of fries and are served on a tray with paper and foil, basic but gets the job done. The place is quite small and dirty, but the aroma of the smoked wood and the style of food makes it seem more authentic.The quality of food might not be the best, but if you account for their fast service, killer sunday special, good sauce and CHEAP food, this place is definitely for you. In my opinion best bbq "hole in the wall" as of now in Chambana.
4	I have been going here for years.  It's one of the best BBQ I have had.  The trick is to order the sandwich dry with the sauce on the side.  I also dip my fries in the sauce.  I know it's not good for you but it's so delicious!
3	Ok but not great. The sauce had an over powering taste of cinnamon. Just not my thing
5	I've eaten the brisket of Texas and the vinegared pork of North Carolina.  I've savored the best meats in Memphis and met Kansas City's Arthur Bryant himself. Li'l Porgy's is the best barbeque I have ever had.
5	Among all the Southern-style BBQ places around campus, Li'l Porgy's is by far the most authentic, and flavorful. Frequent promotions made it hard *not* to go to Porgy's for at least some of our weekdays.Their southern sweet tea is wonderful.In comparison to the other Porgy's by the Original Pancake House; I've always thought this one to have a stronger smoky flavor.
5	This place has the best BBQ hands down!  You can actually get it delivered now. The Sunday special is their best deal with half a chicken, fries, two slices of white bread and an insanely HUGE cup of sweet iced tea or lemon shake-up for around 6 bucks.  You get a choice of mild, mixed, hot or extra hot BBQ sauce.  I'd recommend getting the sauce on the side and getting the mixed if you like spiciness, but still want to taste your food.Their rack of ribs is pretty good and they have turkey legs, if you're a fan.  They cook everything right on the grill and you can get a whole lot of food for your money.  Lil porgy's has turned into a Sunday afternoon tradition.
4	This place has wicked good BBQ at super low prices.  The sauce here is tart and vinegary.  When they say spicy, it actually is a bit.They cook the meat over wood, for pete's sake.  Imparts a great flavor.The only reason they are not 5 stars is the sides.  Just aren't great.  The bread is insipid; fries ok, but how hard is it to get fries wrong?Counter service is ok; not problematic, not dynamic customer service, either.It's not really a hang out an' chill place, very chow down and git atmosphere.  Take out is the best option.  Daily specials of lots o' meat for super cheap are the best reason to eat here.
5	Let me tell you a story. I walk into Lil Porgy's on Sunday for lunch. I lay 5 dollars down on the counter. They give me half of a BBQ chicken, Steak fries, 2 slices of white bread, and a massive Lemon Shakeup. It makes my mouth water every Sunday.
2	I was told by an acquaintance that this was the best BBQ in Urbana, but it turns out that everything she's suggested so far has been utter balderdash. Maybe it was because I visited during a lunch rush last week, I don't know, but the pulled pork sandwich I got was entirely covered in barbecue sauce, which I don't usually mind, but it was completely soggy. The bun was so soggy I couldn't pick up the sandwich, so I used a fork, but even the pork was soggy. I didn't know that pork could be soggy. But it was. I wouldn't have minded that much, but not only did I find the barbecue sauce lacking somewhat, most of the fries were soggy from the sauce. And what few fries weren't soggy from sauce were soggy from the pickle.The entire experience was just a bit off-putting. The lemon shakeup was delicious though. So there's that.I'm definitely willing to give the place a second chance; maybe I just got unlucky that day. I'd be interested to see how their sausage is, too. But unless it goes stupendously better next time, I'll probably go with Black Dog for my BBQ fix.
2	I went in to Li'l Porgy's with very high hopes.  It has been rated #1 BBQ in C-U for a number of years by several area publications... are these people on crack?  I went the other day with a few friends of mine.  I saw the shack and as we walked in, no frills, just a simple BBQ hole-in-the-wall.  But see I saw this as promising, because good BBQ doesn't come from a fancy place.  My staff was slightly hard to understand, but took my order.  There's no table service, but I didn't expect that.  I ordered a half-rack with a catfish sandwich and fries.  I was very disappointed.  That fish sandwich came out of someone's freezer.  Literally it was a fried fish patty in a bun.  TADA!  My ribs were less than pleasing.  The bones were everywhere; they gave me the crappiest slab of ribs.  The sauce tastes like apples & cinnamon (honestly, just not my thing for BBQ).  Fries come with every meal, you know like ten fries.  Haha and they had the audacity to put my fries underneath my ribs to smother them in the awful sauce which in the long run made them soggy.Hole-in-the-wall or not...don't need to come back to this place.
2	Fast service but the overall quality was not impressive. The sauce tastes different then any other BBQ sauce I have ever tasted. Definitely not authentic Southern sauce. Decor is lacking greatly and the overall environment was quite dirty and messy. Disappointing for the high accolades given by friends.
4	Dined at lunchtime.  You order at a counter and then choose a table while you wait for your order to be called.  The order was up within 2 minutes of placing it. The selections are what you would expect for a place with a bbq specialty.  I ordered 1/2 a chicken with mild sauce.  It came with stake fries and two slices of white bread.  The sauce had a great flaver.  It had clearly been cooked into the chicken, and not simply poured over it before serving.  The meal was served in a paper basket.  More of the sauce got on the fries than I would have preferred, but it was very good.  The fries were done, but not overly crisp.
5	I haven't been in C-U for almost a decade (was a student in the 90s) and I do miss their Sunday chicken special . It is a truly unique dish and nobody else makes it like them. Not here in the East and definitely not down South or in KC. I wish somebody would give me the recipe!
5	Lil Porgy's is my favorite barbecue place in town.  It's also my favorite barbecue place overall, and I've been to Memphis and St. Louis.  I think some of the low-starred reviews here expected something different than what Lil Porgies is.  Lil Porgies is solid, delicious food for cheap.  If you want fancy sandwiches I recommend Black Dog instead - and the thirty+ minute wait.  If you want something dryer or Texas style, try Hickory River.  But if you want ribs, slathered in sauce, or barbecue chicken this is where you should be.I'm not a big fan of the sandwiches - they are kinda soggy - and I cannot begin to understand why you would order fried shrimp or fish sandwiches at a barbecue place.  The smell of slow cooking wood tells you what you should order.  That smell brightens my evenings as I drive home each night.  The ribs are awesome.  There is a range of quality - some days they are just Very Good, but other days they are Amazing.  I think it has to do with how long they sit on the shelf over the smoke - the longer, the better.  The barbecue chicken is also awesome - tender and very smoky.  I prefer the mixed sauce, which is both sweet and spicy, but the mild is more sweet.  They also sell the sauce along for cheap if, like me, you can't get enough of it.There are some seasonal offerings as well, like chili in a bread bowl or smoked turkey legs.  The chili was good and a reasonable price but I always come back to the pork ribs.  Meals come with big steak fries and white bread, both of which soak up the generous amounts of delicious sauce.  There are daily specials, but the best days are Friday, Saturday, and Sunday - beef ribs, pork ribs, and chicken ribs respectively.  The lemon shake-ups are sweet and delicious, too.I've eaten here many times and never been disappointed.  One of my stand-bys.  When I moved from Champaign to Urbana I was relived that  I was still within a couple minutes' drive of a Lil Porgies.  The building look a little sketchy but it's worth it to stop in.
2	Elwood Blues lied to me. After hearing commercials for years on WWHP, where Elwood told me it was incredibly good because they cook on wood, I was eager to try this place. Not a great idea.It wasn't terrible, but by no sense of the word was it good Bar-B-Que. It was passable food to fill you up and it was relatively inexpensive, but that's about it. If you need a quick, cheap meal and want some type of meat, this is the place. Especially if the place up the block has a half an hour wait, which apparently it always does. We're going there next time.
2	Pretty solid food when they have to cook it up. I've gone when things were already prepared and things weren't very good. The sauce is mediocre (I like things without sauce so that doesn't bother me) but the lemonade is pretty awesome. You'll need water to wash down this sweet concoction.
5	I forgot the price, but the half chicken with bread and fries--AND a lemon shake up on Sunday is what I miss most about Urbana-Champaign!
1	Sorry to be so harsh on this place, but all the reviews got us really pumped for awesome BBQ. Nada...We ordered sandwiches to go with a side a piece. The sides are super small and overpriced for the same taste you could buy at Schnucks. The bread was soggy from the watery sauce and on a hoagie! What? Toast=cool,  buns=okay, but a hoagie? Blek. The meat was tasty, but we could hardly get to it for all the sauce. If you want to try this place, order the sauce separate, because it made us nauseated for the rest of the afternoon.
2	I'm always a fan of some good barbeque, and since moving to Champaign, I've been hearing tons of good things about this place.  Fairly certain I also saw it had won some "Best Barbeque" awards for the area.  My hopes were high, but after trying it, I was terribly let down.The barbeque this place serves reminds me of very average cafeteria style food.  I'll say I definitely thought the meat was very good..  (I  have tried the chicken, pork, and beef) and it has a nice smoked taste to it.  Unfortunately, everything else that makes the sandwich fails.  The barbeque sauce, perhaps ultimately the most important ingredient, pretty much is what ruins the sandwich in my opinion.  Like a lot of other reviews have said, the sauce is unduly sweet, and extremely watery.  It almost tastes like drinking liquid sugar in some regards... The bread is not much better.  Sandwiches are literally served on tiny hoagie rolls like the generic ones you buy at the grocery store for $1.  Probably the most generic, cheap type of bread anyone can afford... Sides were also generally unimpressive.  Baked beans were nothing special, and I also had a potato salad side that seriously had almost NO taste to it.  It tasted like eating raw potatoes.All and all, definitely a huge let down for me, and very sub par barbeque and sides.  Really a surprise they keep winning the best Barbeque award for the CU area, but I guess there's no other competition?  Sad to say, but this was probably one of the worst barbeques I've ever had.
5	Best BBQ in the world. I am still trying to find a place that can remind me of Lil Porgy's in Chicago...What makes it for me is the sauce, quantity and prices.That sauce. Tart, sweet, tangy, spicy...so good. It's like A1 sauce in consistency. For those of you that are iffy about the sauce (because it seems like people have mixed reviews on it, get it on the side. That's what I usually do so it doesn't make the bread and fries soggy). I get the sauce on the side as well as some extra. Slap that on those juicy rib tips and I am good.Yes, the lemon shake-up and Tea are amazing also. They have huge sizes for the drinks. I ordered a large and that looked like it was extra large!I love that the fries are actually more like wedges instead of limp soft fries here at some of the more acclaimed places in Chicago.They had great daily specials at around $5 for a meal, but I would recommend the rib tips if it's your first time. They do the ribs and chicken best in my opinion. I haven't even tried any of the other things on the menu (aside from the sweet corn)...and I don't need to.Whenever I drive to the C-U area, I have to pick up some porgies. I MISS IT SO MUCH!Update: Make sure to get the Large sized rib tips. It makes a difference. If you get the small size, they'll sometimes give you some of the tougher ends or pieces they want to get rid of.
4	Li'l Porgy's good food, fast service.Top of the line B.B.Q. best in town? No, but pretty darn good, and you can see it cooking over the wood.As for the  complaint of soggy bread ask for your sauce on the side,they don't have a problem doing that for you. I do that all the time, long drive home and the bun will get soggy.The fries are always under cooked, you have to look at that as a good thing if you get it to go, you get home and finish them off and you get nice hot and crunchy fries. The tub o tips with hot sauce will take care of any B.B.Q. craving. I have never had poorly or over cook meat of any kind here.
5	MY personal favorite BBQ (as their oh so delicious BBQ sammitches nourished me through four tough years of pre-med classes and hearty-partyin' @ the ole Screw of Eye)... Now that I'm back in Chi-town I've discovered similar hickory log-fueled BBQ goodness @ Smokin' M's in Forest Park (on Roosevelt b/w Harlem n DES Plaines)... Mmm mmm good!!!
5	So good!! Love the fish sandwiches!
1	I love BBQ, and always went to Famous Dave's.  Looking for a new BBQ place, I found Li'l Porgy.  My first impression when I first entered the establishment was disappointment.  It was small, dull, and not clean.  I did hope that the food would be good, but it was another disappointment.  I ordered rip tips and it smelled bad.  I haven't been back there ever since.
5	Good food at a great price, especially on Sunday. Love the lemonade too. Just make sure to ask for the BBQ on the side.
2	This is a really fun looking place and it smelled great from the street.  You order at the counter and they call your number.  The place was really busy on a Sunday.  I ate lunch there today and ordered a 1/2 slab, slaw and beans.  I would like to give this place 2 1/2 stars but am erring low because the ribs were so tough, I couldn't eat most of them.  I actually couldn't get them apart to eat them.  The beans and slaw were a-ok but since I was there for the BBQ, I had to give them 2 stars.  It's really too bad because the flavors were really good and the sauce is really solid.  I will be back to try the chicken next time and may update the review at that time.  I would try it if I were you but I would definately skip the ribs.
2	The food is ok, but the people that work there could not give a rip. The one in Champaign is much better.
5	You always remember your first.  Your first really good barbecue joint.  This was mine.  When you walk into Li'l Porgy's, the smell of the smoke hits you in the face (as it should). The ribs here are some of the best in the world.  So much so that my Texan husband wants to stop to get some every time to go home to visit my family.  If you're looking for North Carolina style barbecue, this isn't it. If you're looking for Kansas City style/Midwest barbecue, this is it.
5	I might sound biased but I'm from out of town and i think this is the best BBQ joint in Illinois.They have great beef,pork & chicken but there homemade sauce is what makes this place.We stopped here before the football game on a sunday. I ordered there special a 1/2 chicken and large soda. This comes with fries,2 slices of bread & your choice of BBQ sauce(mild,mix,hot,Xtra hot). I also got a beef sandwich with mix BBQ sauce. Its nice seeing the fire pit right up front and see al the meat being smoked.I have had the extra hot sauce many times and sometimes its so hot it'll bring me to tears.Looking at this place it looks a little dumpy,but don't judge it by appearance.This place is located only a mile off interstate I-57 so its easy access to get too. If you want real good BBQ at a fair price this is the place,because i know BBQ.
4	I just gave the Champaign Porgy's 2 stars....  I always enjoy my large tips and Polish here.  That said, it would be 5 stars if they would give the Chicken the love that they use to back in the day.
4	Preface: I am a total BBQ snob--I know what I'm talking about when it comes to good smoked meat.If I was just evaluating the BBQ, I would give this place 5 stars.  That being said, the mediocre sides/atmosphere take one star away from my rating. When I come here, I get whatever is on the daily special (a menu item with a 10% off price).  Everything is great, as long as you come at the right time.  As usual with any BBQ place, you really need to come during lunch/dinner rush hours to have perfectly smoked meat (another 2-3 hours waiting in the smoker will easily dry out the meat). The meat is served with 2 pieces of plain Butternut-looking bread, and steak fries. You can substitute the steak fries for another side if you wish ( I usually pick the baked beans, which seems like they are from a can).The sauce here is delicious! You can pick from Mild, Mixed, Hot, or Xhot Even if you are scared of a little spice, I would at least get Mixed--the mild is way to sweet for my taste.  Watch out the the X-hot, it's very spicy stuff.  I am a spice head and usually get the Hot.  I can handle the X-hot but I reserve it for when I want to be sweating afterwards.Prices are great here! You would be hard pressed to find cheaper well-smoked 'cue anywhere else.  I really don't get everyone's obsession with Black Dog--I feel that they oversmoke their food and overcharge for the small amount that you get there.Bottom line: Real hickory-smoked barbecue for a great price.  Sides are mediocre, but sauce is great.
4	It was my first time here and was told to go, so I did.  The food was yummy and when you ask for spicy BBQ sauce, it's spicy.  Just the way I like it.  The beef tips were worth the bite. The only thing that held me back from giving it five stars was the service.  The guy who took our order was ok, but when we went to go pick up our order, we asked again for the number that was called.  The guy didn't even answer us and just waved us to go on.  Ok, so we took our order.  We saw people get up and get refills so I went to go stand in line.  The guy just kept on ignoring me as I stood there for a few minutes trying to be polite.  He knew I was there standing there and after giving out a few orders, finally asked me what I wanted.  So I told him and he was rude and told me "no!".  Of course, I couldn't understand him so I asked him again for a refill and again, he abruptly said "No!"  I told him that I saw others get a free refill and he just walked away, letting me hanging.Wow, so if you don't care about good service and only want good BBQ, this is the place to be.  Don't expect a smile.  They treat you like you're imposing; nevertheless, enjoy the food.
5	Last night, while thinking about this place, I actually started to drool. I'm not kidding...then I vowed to write a review the next day.Go on sundays and get the half chicken special, comes with a HUGE drink and bread. Get the lemonade drink. Sometimes, I wish I could just buy their sauce (which I think you actually can) and just pour it on everything I eat. Their sauce is what makes their food delicious.
4	Pros: Huge drinks, huge portions, and getting your order before you even leave the window. It's also pretty darn cheap! Pretty good sauces, too.Cons: The ribs are a bit dry, and the sides are meh, or at least hovering around the meh vicinity. I think I ordered cole slaw and beans on the side, and they came in little shot-glass sized things. At that size, what's the point?I went there once and it was pretty good, but I'm not going back there regularly unless I have a huge case of the munchies.
4	I love L'il Porgy's. I've gone here since I was a kid, and have always ordered the same thing. 1/2 chicken special. Only difference is that I eventually graduated from mild to hot sauce! I personally don't think waiting 30-40 minutes for a table at Black Dog is worth it when Porgy's is within walking distance and is no frills as BBQ should be. Black dog you can keep your fancy local beers and exotic hipster BBQ sauces. I'll skip the side of pretension and stay loyal to Porgy's!
5	The Sunday Special is a must - Half a Chicken. YUM. I love their extra hot sauce on the side. I once had it on top and nearly died of thirst if not for my Lemon Shake-Up. Sometimes, we take these to go and add extra Siracha to the mix. I think the chicken is usually quite moist, but I've been more 50/50 on the ribs. Sometimes they're dry, other times perfectly well done.
1	Dry and bland! I could cook better at home. I've tried both the pork and brisket.
5	This place is AWESOME. I am a university student from Chicago and have had my share of barbecue - Smoque from Chicago, Black Dog, etc. Out of all the barbecue places I have had, I can honestly say that Lil Porgy's is my favorite. My GO-TO is definitely the RIB TIPS (tub o tips can feed 2-3 guys) and the 1/2 chicken with mixed on the side. Some of my best college memories include the tub of tips. So good. Make sure to get the sauce on the side!!! This place is awesome and I will definitely crave it when I leave campus.Tips:-From personal experience, the springfield location seems to have better rib tips and the university location has better chicken.-There are daily specials (I love the Sunday special: 1/2 chicken, fries, and lemon shakeup for $5)-RIB TIPS + MIX ON THE SIDE.
4	yes yes yes yes yes, this place is legit due to the fact that you get huge portions for a very low price. Daily specials are all worth trying out, personally half chicken + fries + drink on sunday is my favorite.Another thing worth trying out is their 2 pound rib tips. so much food for 15 dollars. always get their sauce on the side, they give you way more sauce and you can use it to dip your fries and bread in too.i prefer mixed on the side
1	Every time I go to this one in Urbana, the service gets worse. This time an older man was working the counter,.When my brother from out of town asked him about the sauce, the man pointed to the menu sign.
1	The smell lured me in.....ordered the large order of tips to go. Price was right...but all I got was burnt,crystallized pieces, and bones. Way over cooked...must have been pieces left over from lunch. I would estimate at the most 1/4 cup of edible meat. Absolutely terrible, and I will not go back...the sauce was good...but the tips were the worst I have had anywhere!!! Very poor....avoid this place..unless you eat in and then send the tray back. If you order out....good luck.
1	Chicken was very dry and ribs were chewy. Slaw was watered down and fries tasted old .
4	Love this place, an old favorite of mine. Great sauce, meat has just the right amount of smokiness and who can resist a lemon shake up!
3	Too much for me! I ordered a 1/3 slab beef ribs, and I can only eat half of them. There are about 6-8 ribs in one half plate, too much for me. And the hot source is not that spicy.
1	Horrible! Dry, flavorless chicken.  No meat on the ribs (though what little meat there was admittedly good). Soggy corn - as though it was sitting in water all day. Only two microcups of butter for four pieces of bread and three ears of corn. No personality at the counter and the napkins were held hostage by the lackluster employees.
5	I was going to eat half my order and save the rest for later but that didn't happen. I found myself eyeing my other diner's plates. The food is amazing. The chicken was tender and delicious. I tried each of the sauces and they were all delicious. Our favorite was the mixed (not hot, not mild). We had NO leftovers.
5	Porgy's is off the chain. I've been going here since I was a kid and you can smell it from a mile away. My friends and I used to have the daily specials memorized and it almost doesn't matter what you order because you can put their bbq sauce on literally anything, and it tastes good. To this day, sometimes I sit and ponder what could possibly be in their sauce. This place is a staple of Urbana.
4	A little oily rib but excellent hot sauce! If u like hot, grab the x-hot, cool for the mouth.
4	Lil'porgies is great, I frequent every other Wednesday with my mentee from the CU one to program. Porgies is fast, you order and your eating. Be sure to get your favorite sauce on the side, I like to eat my fries and pour as I go. Portions are right for a nice price with speedy service. Great for a quick eat.
1	Ordered slab of ribs and ribs were over cooked. There was supposed to be bread with the ribs but could not find the bread until I looked under the American fries and then found the bread all soggy. Other people in party ordered pork sandwich. Thought it would be pulled pork but was not. That would not have been so bad though but meat was cold. No decor to speak of and not friendly people to deal with. Would not go to again.
1	I don't know why the hell I KEEP GOING to this place when I know that I can't chew threw the rib tips! I don't know what there doing to the poor meat to just dry it up like that!!! Geeze! Maybe it's the BBQ sauce that I crave from time to time. I'm not going here again. Damnit! So unhappy and STILL hungry!
5	Went here during lunch, service was quick, and when food came out it was fresh and delicious.  I would strongly recommend this place to anyone.
4	Fantastic smokey pig value.I followed the smell of smoked meat here; good start. Ordered the 8oz rib tips with a spicy pickle, hot BBQ sauce on the side. Flavor of meat was perfectly smokey with good bark, though drier than most (which I prefer to gum-able, fall off the bone). I found the sauce to be too sweet, tasted like apple pie, but wasn't unpleasant when combined with the rib tips; definitely get it on the side. Not very hot for being 'hot'.Pickle was very good.  Fries were fine.Very good portion size and quality for a meal under $7. Atmosphere is what every bbq place should be.If I lived here, I'd get takeout and make my own mustard sauce.
5	Found this BBQ place last year when we came to Bloomington Gold Corvette Show. It was excellent. So of course we had to go again this year. Little lady at the counter taking orders was super nice. Polish and sweet tea made our day.
5	Porgies has been a staple of my life since birth. Tub o tips, extra spicy sauce, and the sweet taste of a jumbo lemon shake up can make the gloomiest of days shine bright. Perfect for an afternoon snack or a late-night feast, I recommend Porgys to any food loving soul.
4	This place has my favorite rib tips and side bread. The price is very reasonable and they serve a large amount of food for their price. I didn't give it a five because the restaurant is small and kind of dirty. So I do take puts for most of them times.
3	The barbeque, while cheap, is just okay. It was dry and flavorless. The barbeque sauce was overly sweet and lacked complexity. It tastes like they made it with applesauce or something. The fries were dry and pastey. I tried dipping them in the lack luster sauce they provide but it didn't really help.
