3	Mucho Taco falls closer to 2.5 stars-average.  The prices are very good and the staff was very friendly.Let me start with some positives:  the salsa was fresh and tasty as in these were whole tomatoes 5 minutes ago.  veggies on the tacos were also fresh and crisp.I had a fish taco & a carnitas taco-total about $4.50.  The fish was decent but the carnitas was pretty gristly.  I overheard the kitchen staff talking to a customer and found out that they make liberal use of the "L" word here.  That's right, old school cookin' for better or worse; Lard.
5	If you are looking for EXCELLENT Mexican food - this is your place. The prices are great and the food is terrific! Nowhere in town will you get better refried beans - yes, they use lard but if you are wanting health food go to a salad bar!! If you want the best mexican food - go to Mucho Taco. My favorites are the #1 Taco, Enchilada, Rice & Beans or the Carnita Torta!! Yum! Yum!!The employees are great and attentive and the restaurant is clean - big bonus!!
4	I live nearby, and I hadn't been to Mucho Taco until a friend recommended it. It's great!I ordered three tacos: carnitas, carne asada, and pescado with a side of rice and beans. They bring fresh salsa and chips to your table while you wait for your food. It's a bit of a hole in the wall, but the staff was kind and the food came out fast. I would have liked lime wedges served with my tacos, but the tortillas were outstanding and the food was tasty and prepared well. I will definitely eat here again.
5	If you're looking for an authentic Mexican joint, this is a pretty great choice. The service was great, the staff was friendly and the food was super tasty! They even had the nondescript red and green hot sauces, a sign of any great authentic Mexican restaurant.When you order, they bring your drinks out to you once you sit down, along with some chips and fresh salsa. They also sell soda imported from Mexico, made with real cane sugar! You haven't had a Coke until you've had one made with real sugar, let me assure you.I went with the chicken fajitas. The food came out very hot, the tortillas were quite warm and it was all very good. The chicken was some of the most tender chicken I've ever had, no joke. It was seasoned really well and was just amazing. My girlfriend got the carnitas burro and was very happy with it, but she agreed the chicken is where it's at.When we went in, it was about an hour to close, so the place was mostly dead, which may be why our service was so good. But, they seemed to genuinely want to make their customers happy, so I wouldn't be surprised to see the same level of service when it's busy either.
5	Excellent food. Absolutely the best al pastor in the valley (that I've found so far). Everything else is great and prices are reasonable.
3	Hoping for an indigenous Mexican food experience ( having read so on Yelp) I trundled to this place (which is next to iMart, A thai restaurant and a newly opened "Deshi snack food store".Service: Good and very friendly. I got the salsa/chips and the verde /roja spicy sauce for my taco served t me. I also got the medium Jamaica (even though I paid for the small). I also helped myself to their pickled Carrot and Serrano peppers (mmmm Spicy.. though I prefer the grilled peppers from Senor taco) Food: I chose to order the more adventurous Tripe, head and Shrimp tacos. Tripe: Rather gamey and had a smell like the cow was having a bad day when it got chosen to be eatenHead: Interesting taste and smell (tasted a lot like a slightly off Carne asada). I was expecting portions of brain as well (but maybe after Bovine Spongi..what not,  its probably safer that I didn't)Shrimp: Bit overdone (hence rubbery) but with a good griil aroma and flavor.Authenticity: Definitely Net Impression: Will go here again and order the more traditional fare. I'm leaning towards the mole to make my final decision. As always Mom and Pop authentic stores always has a soft corner for me.
4	I had driven by this place for a long time due only to it's choice of name and location - I thought "Mucho Taco in a strip mall, how good could that really be?" A friend of mine recommended, so I suggested to my Pops and we checked it out on a weekend menudo outing. I was very pleasantly surprised.That was some time ago - it is now our normal Mexican food choice. We have not gotten too adventurous (as have some other reviewers) but I can attest to the deliciousness of the menudo (red), carnitas, carne asada, caldo de res and caldo de pollo. The churro's are always fresh and piping hot! I love the Limonada too.As others have mentioned - great staff - you will likely see the owner  working here. They are always friendly and attentive. The atmosphere - it's a real small place with no frills.
3	They serve the simple "street" style tacos I like. I had one al pastor and one asada. Both tacos were tasty. The al pastor had a nice spice to it. I also had a green tamale that was really gross. All masa and barely any cheese or green chile they said was suppose to come in it. Can't seem to find a spot with good tamales around here. I also got a jamaica to drink and wished I had gotten the horchata that I initially wanted instead. It was watered down and sour without the sweet.  So basically... come here for the tacos... don't bother with anything else. *Note: I didn't receive this as I ordered take out, but there was a sign that said "free chips and salsa for dine in customers".
5	I come here a few times a week for the chips and salsa and shrimp tacos.. The horchata is the BEST in the area...they have fresh limeade and pineapple juice that they make daily..I recommend any chicken dish since they spice it so good... The taquitos are a great value and a meal in itself $3.99.. Now fir the best shrimp tacos in the world... The shrimp are seasoned and grilled ( not fried), juicy and it cones with a big slice of avocado and fresh pico on the taco.. I could eat 6 of these and still want more.This is a small family owned joint and the owners are friendly and keep the place really clean. I just can't say enough about this place... I LOVE it... It's like going to an old friends house and being treated with TLC... Oh and the police like to eat here too, so I feel pretty safe
4	Have you been to Mexico and had tacos from the street carts? Hot and yummy it hits the spot after a night of drinking. You can get the same kinds of tacos and more here. They have five or six kinds to choose from and all of them are pretty good. They also have a wide range of other mexican foods to choose from. I should know, when I go there I often order four or five items. A couple of tips about this joint are: 1) if you dine in you get free chips and salsa. 2) if you like tamales order the red. it has beef in it. the green only has chiles and cheese. Overall the place is a good value and I have not been disappointed yet.
2	I'm from Southern California, so I have had plenty of experience eating at taco/burrito shops.  I demand not only good quality, but good value.I placed an order for a carnitas burrito with rice added (for $1 extra).  I wanted it like they do in SoCal -- rice, meat and beans.  I also ordered a tamale, which I normally do when I visit a new Mexican food restaurant to gauge their quality.  If they make excellent tamales, that's a sign that they care about quality.  Well, the good news is that the tamale tasted great -- very authentic, the bad news is that it was tiny... maybe 4 oz. at best?  They give you this huge takeout box, which lends to the disappointment when you open it to discover a half-anemic tamale.  The carnitas burrito with rice?  What rice?  In fact, I want to know what happened to the burrito -- it was the size of something I would find at Taco Bell.  Mind you, this was a $5.50 burrito, and for that much I wanted more than a small Taco-Bell-style burrito (that I can get for $2.00).  So no only was the burrito tiny, but it was missing the extra rice.  Overall, for the $7.50 I paid I was very disappointed.  Not worth the money.I sensed  an order error might happen when I heard the cashier call-out the order to the cook.  When ANY restaurant uses the word-of-mouth system to place orders in the kitchen, there is a huge possibility for error (as happened in my case).  This is unacceptable and their order system should be changed to a computerized system.Pros:  authentic taste, fast friendly service, fresh home-made tamalesCons:  Small, anemic servings, poor order taking, slow cleaning of tables
5	I love this restaurant. Very cheap, very clean, the food is sooo good. My mom and I eat there once every couple of weeks, sometimes twice once a week. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The environment is very comforting. I recommend this place to anyone who loves cheap but tasty Mexican food.
4	Excellent cheap Mexican food that tastes as good as any Mexican restaurant.
5	One of my favorite taco shops.  Don't be fooled by the rough exterior as the inside is the inside is very clean and nicely decorated with colorful mexican tile.  You order from the counter and take a seat where the friendly staff will soon deliver fresh chips and very good salsa.  Your food will also be delivered on a real plate - not wrapped in paper or in a styrofoam box like many of the other area taco shops.  The Al Pastor and Carnitas are top notch.  I usually go with Al Pastor tacos but sometimes like get Carnitas into the mix.  I'm normally not a huge fan of ceviche however I really enjoy Mucho Taco's ceviche tostada.  The beans are excellent and I've had a really good chicken soup here as well.  Other reviewers have mentioned the Horchata and I'm looking forward to trying that on my next visit.  According to the server all of the aguas frescas are made fresh on-site, so if you're looking for Horchata Ole! (or Orange Bang! for that matter) you'll have to try somewhere else.Almost forgot to mention that the prices are very reasonable.  My only complaints with Mucho Taco are that the taquitos are a little small and that Al Pastor is not available in a burrito (only tacos and tortas).  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for cheap but tasty mexican food in a casual environment.
5	Great place.  nice ppl.  a little pricey but worth it.  chicken enchiladas were great.  rice and beans great as well.  I will go back.
4	We love Mucho taco!! The owner is great and always makes sure to take care of us when we stop in. The mole chicken special is our favorite! This place is a small authentic restaurant but delivers a huge explosion of mexican flavor!!
4	I come here for one thing...The grilled chicken chimichangas with the red sauce on the side so i can use it for dipping.  I cannot tell you what is all in it but the grilled chicken alone is fantastic. Do i love the price for all of this...I guess.  Its not a stellar deal or anything but its like a once a month or every other month thing for me.  I love that the place gives you chips and salsa before your meal but i usually like to wait for my actual meal so i am not absurdly full from stuffing my face before hand.  Believe me Chimichangas are not good later on so you have to have an appetite on you for sure.Horchata is okay. Not my favorite either seems too watery in my opinion, I love it when horchata is more on the creamy slightly sweeter side rather than watery and kind of sweet.  One guy that works here knows my friend who is hooked to this place and got me started so when we walk through he already knows.  The girl who cannot do her makeup for the life of her on the other hand is a different story.
2	I tried this place for a late lunch today and all I can say it was very bland. The staff was great but the food....well not so much.
4	Always good and dependable nachos and tacos are good.
2	This place is overpriced for what you get....the food is okay.  Not very authentic.
5	We like the food and.great service here. Breakfast burritos are my fave! They make them with just eggs, if you like. They taste fantastic--better than Filiberto's and Nico's.They have various Caldos here (soup, in English)--my hubby likes that. you can't find caldo at many Mexican restaurants. Drinks: regular American fountain drinks, and also available are Mexican drinks (including fantas and Mexican Coke!! mmmmm)Not a lot of seating, but there's usually not very many people eating in. The guy brings your food out and comes and clears dishes if it seems to be getting too crowded, too.  *and* bonus--my 1-yr old was getting angry about something--the guy magically appeared with a Capri Sun and it quieted my boy instantly! (I didn't even see that they had Capri Suns available ;)) It's in the plaza near Goodwill on corner of Alma School and Ray.  Give them a try if you have a hankerin' for Mexican.
3	I really wanted horchata, so when my boyfriend and I were driving around for lunch, I searched on Yelp for a Mexican restaurant and decided on this place. The man behind the counter was nice and just said to let him know when I was ready to order, since I was still waiting for my bf to come inside. I decided on the chicken enchiladas and horchata, and my bf got a burrito. The chips and salsa they brought out before were tasty, and my horchata was good was well (free refills if you get a large!). My enchiladas were okay, but my boyfriend devoured his burrito and said it was really good, so I guess I'll have to try that next time.
2	The tacos here are street style, which means that they are muy tiny.  I have been here around 4 or 5 times and they are always overloaded with cilantro.  Customer service is very good however.
5	To be honest... I have no idea what these low reviewers got when they came here because I received 5-star all around. After I left I actually felt bad for not leaving more of a tip - it was that good.I didn't expect much but the food came out lightning fast and it was very good. The service was amazing with the fella working came out to see how we were doing and even offered to put the unfinished ice-cream (that the kid didn't eat) back in the freezer while we ate.
1	I was a hankering some Mexican food, basic fare ya know!  Well, YELP listed Mucho Taco...so why not!  My first impression walking the through the door was somewhat mixed.  The tables were all stacked with dirty plates with the exception of one table.  Now, one could suppose they had a busy lunch time and the food is good, or not.  I chose to think it was good food and a busy location.I placed my order and was provided chips and salsa to snack on while waiting for my meal.  My dish arrived shortly and the food was OK, nothing memorable as I cannot even remember what I ordered.  What does stand out is the counter help was cleaning the tables and the following was observed.My first few bites were OK, nothing special except for the hair in the salsa bowl.  Maybe a forgone warning!  I asked for another salsa bowl before my observations noted below.   As I sat there the counter help was cleaning the tables with a dish rag which we see and most likely do at home, right?  Except the food debris she swept off the table was landing onto the seated benches, large chips, small chips and whatever else was very noticeable.  She neither cleaned the benches or attempted to pick up the large food debris from the seated areas.The green and red sauce bottles were collected and placed on the servers counter along with what perceivably was a full bowl of salsa as she cleaned the tables.  Other salsa bowls collected from the tables were taken to the kitchen along with the dirty dishes. The green and red sauce bottles along with the full bowl of salsa was taken back to the kitchen...follow me, the full bowl of salsa on the table was most likely placed back into a larger vat for reuse later to other customers....if not, then why separate this one salsa bowl and place with green and red sauce bottles??So, I said all that to say this...YOU GOTTA BE KIDDIN...I WON'T BE BACK!
5	I have been coming here for about 5 years and I love the food, the service and the price. The funny thing is... I can go to Abuelos and spend 40 dollars or I can go somewhere else, but I really like the "no hassle" service.I don't ever need to wait for a table. The food is always fresh and available. I have had places like Olive Garden tell me they ran out lasagna or Paradise Bakery run out of mushrooms. I never have ever had a problem here. I love the enchiladas and fish tacos!The burritos are pretty good too.
3	Ironically, I did not order the tacos, even though that is my staple choice at a new Mexican restaurant. Instead, I opted for a chicken, bean and rice burrito. It wasn't half bad! I added lots of the hot sauce and thought the overall consistency was great. The chicken was tender and flavors tasted fresh. My gf was not overjoyed with her Chimichanga meal, which was rather sloppy and wet. It had some crispy parts, but just wasn't up to her standards. She agreed the burrito was much better.Our carry out order included several chips (6-7) and sauces. We ate some of the spicy carrots while we waited, which were ok. For being a hole in the wall Mexican place with a funny name, I liked it.
3	Mucho Taco was ok.  It was nothing unforgettable; in fact, I'd forgotten about it.  While reading Andrew S's review I got to the part about his gf's Chimichanga, and I did a double take because I hadn't realized I'd been with him  for the experience in question.As mushy as the chimichanga was, it had good flavor.  I'd give the place another chance, and probably get a burrito.  My only other complaint is what seemed like an unnecessarily long wait to get our take-out order.  Located next to a Goodwill and in the same strip as several other small businesses, this place is easy to miss.  I probably wouldn't miss it if I weren't to retuurn, but it's decent enough if I needed some Mexican food nearby.
4	I was very lucky today as I walked in their lunch special was "MOLE" oh my!  I love this stuff.. it was $5.99 w/ the delicious side of beans and rice, perfect serving size w/ a warm toritlla... I loved it - I've been in and out of this place for the last 6 years... pretty descent... they are def more traditional than americanized...
5	We LOVE Mucho Taco. Family owned, nicest people. Amazing chips and salsa. Amazing drinks and food. You have to try it. Love the street tacos and chicken tostada!
4	One word YUMMY.  loved the rice and beans tasted home made.  Great service.  They even have diet coke.  CarnAsada tacos very good.  nice and fresh. The salsa and chips comes if you order dinner.  Really good slightly salty but it is mexican food.  They brought out green and red hot sauce for the tacos.  Which excited me but neither of them had anything amazing.  But I like spicy and it was mild.  Not saying bad just that I expected them to knock my shoes off because everything else about this place did. I have a feeling there are a few other menu items to try that would make me want to give them 5 stars.
5	Get steak burrito!!! Coz I like spicy, so just have to add hot sauce..Yum!!Note: don't have chance to try other stuffs tho.. can't get away from their steak..
1	Awful!!!! Will not be going back!!  I'm a pretty relaxed, forgiving person until you do something thats industry unforgivable.  Like making a table wait for an hour... at a fast food place for their food. BAM!! DONE! NEVER GOING TO GO BACK! You do have the option of sitting down, but even the people getting their orders to go were waiting 30+ minutes.And with all of the other AWESOME mexican places around.... what the heck??  An hour... a true 60 minute hour. AND the worst part... we were not the only ones who waited a LONG time for the mediocre food. In fact, the entire place... EVERY SINGLE TABLE(~10) were full. It took 10-15 minutes just to get our drinks which were diet cokes... you have a soda fountain, just take the order, fill the drinks and let the people sit with their drinks.  And when they did serve food, it was one plate at a time... took a good 5 minutes in between when I and my boyfriend received our food. I place every other mexican food restaurant, including taco bell, in the phoenix metro area, ABOVE this place. It cost $19.20 for a two taco combo(2 tacos- street style with rice & beans) and a taco and tamale combo(taco, tamle + rice & beans). ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME? And the beans... AS RUNNY AS WATER!!! So gross!!!  I tried to mix my rice/beans together but that didn't help anything.We went here on the recommendation two friends of ours... both are older... probably don't like as much spice and flavor as we do but the burnt meat in the El pastor tacos- unacceptable. BLACK ON THE BOTTOM OF THE MEAT. The tamale tasted like it had cinnamon or allspice in it too.... totally not mexican and very gross! My reccomendation, go to Los Favoritos.
2	I came to check this place out because it had four stars on yelp and my boyfriend and I were in the mood for Mexican food. I ordered the green chili plate and my boyfriend got the carne asada burrito and we shared the menudo. I was expecting the food taste more authentic but when we got our food, it was bland and not very tasteful. We felt like we could have just gone to Filerberto and got better food. The only thing good about this place was our food came out fast and the person who took our order was nice. Other then that, I will not be coming back to eat here. We left very unsatisfied!
4	I dropped in last night craving tacos. I ordered half of the taco menu times 2, cabeza, tripas, El pastor and carne asada. I was very impressed. the place was clean the customers there were laughing and talking and the young lady at the cash register answered my question with confidence. I will be returning tonight to order the other half of the taco menu.
2	So I came here for lunch with my husband, and wanted to check this place out after hearing they had good Tripa Tacos.  I already had a feeling it wasn't going to be that great, but what the heck, I always pick where we go so I let him have it ;) The dining area is nice! Very clean and well maintained it definitely has that Mexican feel to it with the curios and Spanish tile layout on the walls. The girl working the counter was very friendly!  I ordered a carne asada burrito w/ side of rice and my husband had 2 tripa tacos and 2 chicken tacos. As we waited, we were given chips and salsa! Oh gosh! The tortilla chips tasted like that "fridge" taste, when you put something in the fridge and dont cover it up well! *barf* how hard is it for a Mexican place to get a dam tortilla chip to taste right?!!! The salsa however was really good! Chunky but NOT spicy! Not even a kick! I asked the girl if there was a more spicy salsa and said they dont have any!! What the He11!! A mexican place that doesnt serve HOT salsa?? That is just WRONG & UNAUTHENTIC!! We finally got our food, pretty quickly. I looked at my husbands tacos and they just looked so sad and empty. Barely any tripa in the dam taco! Then his chicken tacos had lettuce and tomoatoes!! WTF!! Lettuce and tomato?? Thats some crap you see at Taco Bell! We were expecting cilantro, onions and cabbage! Not this crap! Then my burrito was kinda small, the torilla was really good it tasted homemade and was warm. The carne was super small cut up it looked like lengua. It was upsetting! Right on the menu it says AUTHENTIC. Bullcrap! Your better off going to Filibertos or Los Favs which arent even authentic but better than this!
5	Best Arizona Style Mexican Food in town. I love the red chile pork plate with flour tortilla. It's seriously off the hook ridiculously good. The rice and beans are great.  It appears to be run with the family's secret recipes. The tortas are also incredible here, I get the carne asada, but the key here is all the homemade sauces and fresh quality food. It's a small place and kind of a secret.  Super friendly staff and always clean. My only disappointment is realizing I cleaned my plate and have to leave.   All the customers seem to have that look on their face like they struck gold. Not the fanciest location, so put on your work boots and don't miss out. 'HIGHLY' recommended!
5	If you are missing home come to this place! It was recommended to me by a friend and it's just like nanas food. The novelas playing on the tv and the friendly staff is just a bonus to its authenticity.
5	My family and I went there last night and we were pleased with the authenticity of the food.I had the Tamale plate and was surprised at how flavorful and fresh they were. I also had the Tripas tacos and they were the best I have had here in AZ. My wife had chicken tacos and my son had the asada burrito and both raved about the flavors. everything we had was cooked to order. The owner was very accommodating and checked on us several times to assure we were Ok.  I read some of the negative comments and suspect it may be a little too authentic for some people's idea of what authentic Mexican cuisine is supposed to taste like.  I guess that is why Garcia's and Serrano's are so popular.
4	Great tacos and burritos. It looks dead and small but the food is awesome!! I'm here visiting and loved this little hole in the wall.
4	Let me say I can sometimes find myself being guilty of judging a book by its cover. In the case of Mucho Taco I quickly overlooked it due to location, location, location. Good thing my little girl is as adamant as I am when it comes to satisfying whats on the taste buds. I did a quick Yelp review look up and was pleasantly surprised by the overall reviews for this joint. Well, I'm not afraid of broadening my horizons. This place has a quaint old town Mexico feel to it. They even have Telemundo on the tele. What really caught my attention is the fact that this place was clean, not a dirty table in the joint. That can really set the mood and so far I'm smiling. Walked up and the girl working the counter was all smiles and quite frankly had the best attitude/customer service I've seen in a long time. You've got to take a moment to recognize and appreciate such things when you see it.Lucky for me today's especial was a 2 taco plate with rice & beans. Just what my daughter loves. I gave her my American child's request for this and that added and removed and she accommodated with no fuss. Then it was time for the General to make an off the menu request. I wanted a chimichanga but I was feeling chorizo so how about combining the 2. No problemo here! The girl picked up the menu and explained with a picture how they make their chimmi's enchilada style and asked if that would be ok. Absolutely! Paid, the girl and found me a nice place to rest my dogs. A couple seconds after getting situated the young lady brought out chips and salsa. Now being a connoisseur of all things food I was up for the salsa challenge. Gotta say- this salsa is good! Thick, not runny & it had a pleasant little kick to it. Too bad food was ready so quickly because I wanted to beat down another helping. Taco's looked delicious and their was plenty of rice & beans, my little girl's order was perfect. Im regretting not posting a pic of my chimmi masterpiece. Presentation was wonderful! A good sized chimmi laid smothered in cheese and surrounded in red sauce. Could have used a little more sour cream & guac but I know this stuff is so rare around AZ that restaurants share it sparingly. now I'm being sarcastic! But all in all the flavor was delish! I'm so glad I have a Mexican restaurant to add to my list of happiness. This place will be getting a return visit from me and anyone else I can con into the ghetto. lol Keep an eye out amigo's because after a couple more visits to ensure I wasn't dreaming, I'll be moving my rating up a notch. This place is great!
5	Excellent Tacos El Pastor and Fresh tasty salsa.   Speedy friendly service.  The space is clean, decently and appropriately decorated and laid out well for a small space.
1	I see everyone else gave this restaurant a high review, so perhaps I got them on a bad day.I ordered the Tamale combo. It was obvious that it was microwaved and thrown in some sauce. The beef was extremely dry, it was refrigerator cold in the center and scorching hot on the ends. Very little flavor.The rice wasn't cooked all the way so I kept getting hard rice chunks, then finally the beans were so watery that I couldn't eat them with a fork at all. I thought maybe I'd mix the beans and rice, maybe it would make it a consistency I could eat. Don't think I will be going back, the whole meal was bland, and lacking in flavor, but all had the same dirty grease taste to it, and how you get that with a tamale is beyond me. I didn't finish it, and didn't save it for left overs. Had I not purchased it as take out I would have returned it immediately after my 2nd bite, I even considered taking it back to the restaurant and telling them how bad it was..Good to see that other people had good experiences, but I took a chance on a little place and it did not work for me at all!
5	I've been here once and the food is pretty good.  We got 3 different burritos.  My husband didn't want anything, so the kids and I cut the burritos into 3 and I got to taste each burrito.Each were really yummy.  I think one was a chili relleno, another carne asada, and chorizo and egg.  Each burrito was $4.95.  They weren't gigantic burritos like Filiberto's, but they were a good size.  It took them awhile to make them, but well worth the wait.  The place was nice and clean and no real issues.
5	Absolutely amazing!!!  Have been looking for a taco shop like this for some time since I moved to the PHX area.  I must say - I finally hit the jackpot.  Cabeza, tripas, pastor, carne asada, ceviche, etc....it's all fantastic so far.  They even do red munudo on the weekends (for that lovely hangover).  I HIGHLY recomment this to anyone who appreciates real mexican tacos.
5	Best chicken fajitas in the valley!!!! Amazing! Also their fresh homemade salsa cannot be beat.
4	My favorite place so far for a breakfast burrito. Tasty and not greasy at all. Looking forward to trying other menu items.
1	I am very upset as I write this review.. i ordered my Food to go and I get home and it is nothing I ordered and the food looks and tastes reheated.. i won't be coming back ever! Service was horrible.
5	Great place to eat the staff is always friendly. The food is also great my favorite are their tacos. Their carne asada burritos are also very good. This is my home away from home.
5	This place looks like a total hole-in-the-wall dive joint (near Goodwill at Alma School and Ray Road).  Having said that, the food is fantastic!  I really love the salsa and chips.  To me, the salsa tastes like a cross between the mild and hot sauce at El Palacio - another of my favorite restaurants near Chandler.  Food tastes fresh made.  I had two cheese enchiladas and a chile relleno burro.  The enchilada sauce is very authentic, and very tasty.  The chile relleno burro is huge - it is stuffed with all sorts of stuff - an entire meal in and of itself.  Be sure and check out the daily special.  I noticed it after I made my purchase, and it would have been an awesome deal.  Prices are very reasonable.  Also, I must say whoever brixes the soda fountain does a great job - the Mr. Pibb tasted perfect!
