4	What a fantastic Cheeseburger Joint!!You'd never expect to walk into a pink neon-lit 50's diner from the outside.  This restaurant is part of a new little center wtih a "lodge" theme - river rocks, the whole deal.  But once inside the door, you're back at the malt shop of your parent's teens.The hostess sat us quickly on a Saturday afternoon and briefly explained the menu to us.  Burgers, fries, rings, salads and shakes - the menu isn't complex, but it's loaded with choices.  40-something flavors to mix and create your favorite combination of shake.  (I can't recommend the Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana highly enough!)  The burgers are straightforward, just choose the size (quarter through full pound!) and choose your cheese and toppings.The french fries and onion rings are absolutley amazing.  Fresh made right there, never frozen.  We ordered a full size "half and half" (fries and rings) and it was too much for the three of us.  The optional dipping suaces were really tasty too - we got cheese, habenaro jelly and creamy jalepeno.  (The spicy sounding ones were not as hot as you'd expect - just super yummy.)They do to-go orders, and you can place your order over the internet.  Personally, I think this place is best suited for pulling up a chair and enjoying a fresh-made, juicy burger and a tall, creamy malt.  (I do mean juicy on the burgers - the rolls of paper towels on the table got used a lot by my brother and husband.)  Cheeburger Cheeburger will be our new favorite burger joint - a wonderful (and much cheaper) replacement for Burger Bar.  No, it's not as FAB-U-LOUS as Burger Bar (at Mandalay Place) but at half the cost, I'll happliy lose the opportunity for foie gras on my burger.One note on the wait for your meal: the menu asks for patience as they make everything to order - so expect to wait about 15 minutes.  Honestly, between our milkshakes and the trivia cards on the table, the time went quickly.  And don't be afriad to be adventurous with your milkshake.  My brother's Reese's Pieces shake was a bit bland, so they happily added peanut butter and re-blended it when he asked.  Great service!!We're looking forward to going back and trying new burger and shake combos!  (and OMG, more of those onion rings!)
4	Very good place.  50's Diner theme.  And a 20oz hamburger that if you eat the whole thing you get your picture on the wall.  Over 300,000 shake combinations!  There are salads, chicken and vegie burgers availble if you like.  Service has always been very good.  I will be back!
5	Wow, nothing bad to say about this place. After my first visit, it has become a weekly staple. The fries are good (one order will definitely feed two), but this place isn't about the fries. It's burgers. Love the menu. You pick the toppings, all of them. Have been trying different combinations, and they've all been good. So far my favorite is my teriyaki combination with swiss cheese, pineapple, bacon, and teriyaki sauce. The burgers are definitely hand-patted, and if you get the half-pounder, it more than covers the bun.Service has always been good, and the place is clean. I'll take this place over the burger bar at Mandalay anyday.
3	The roomie is sleeping, good, looks like she will be sleeping for a few more hours, i wanna eat me a BURGER !! But first, gotta earn it - lift weights - check, go for a power walk - check, run back the last 2 miles - check. okay, time to stuff my face !! CC is about 5 miles from my new casa - kinda of an unusual location. parking sucks. has the 50's diner feel. so i go for the 1/2 pounder, medium, blue cheese, sauteed onions ( for a 50's diner, should they be grilled onions or sauteed onions ? ) a basket 0f fries and onion rings ( the menu says for 1-2 people, i say it's for 2-4 people ) and an almond joy malt. Total cost - $20 !! damn, that's an expensive brunch ! the burger - cooked medium - i'm impressed with that, but no seasoning to it - call me picky but i just feel a burger tastes better when it's seasoned while cooking as opposed to salting/peppering it after its cooked . also, the meat itself fell apart a little too easily. I still liked the burger but i liked the fries/onion rings but charge a $1 for a dipping sauce ?!? that's bullshit ! the malt ? needed more malt, the coconut taste not too noticeable at the beginning of the malt, but very strong at the end. And this big deal over eating a 1 pound burger ? come on - at least a 2 pounder if not a 3 pounder to go through all the hubbub ! yeah, i'll try it again, someday.
3	This place has a pretty cool topping selection, but it does not hide the fact that the patty has no taste. I really love a patty that has some seasoning!!!I also tried the onion rings and french fries. They were good, but I have had better. I also tried three of their signature sauces: - Creamy Cheese - It needed salt.- Texas Horseradish - I usually do not eat horseradish, but I tasted it anyways and came to the conclusion that I still do not like horseradish.- Creamy Jalapeno - Bland.It sucks that you have to pay for the sauces. I found myself dipping my fries and rings in ranch, which was free anyways.Cheeburger Cheeburger has a couple of things going for them. The shake and malt selection is awesome. The 50's diner theme is pretty cool. Also, the contest for eating their 20 oz. burger is entertaining. Lastly, you could "Invent Your Own" anything here - cheeseburger, chicken sandwich, grilled cheese, salad, soda, iced tea, lemonade, shake or malt.I doubt I will be back, but if I do, I will not be coming back for a cheeseburger, but for a Cinnamon Bun Shake!!!
4	Everyone else has covered the burgers but I'm a shake fiend.  These are made from real ice cream in the stainless steel shake containers that are HUGE.  You can make any combo like amaretto + peanut butter +chocolate & no one bats an eye like how can you drink that...    The onion rings are ok, fries are standard, but if you don't have time to wait for your burger, don't come cuz the sign says they are not fast food.
5	Jacqueline says: This place was awesome!  I ordered the veggie burger and George turkey burger and we both really liked our entrees. I love how there are so many options for burger toppings and you don't have to pay extra. I didn't even pay extra for the avocado.  On the side we ordered onion rings and fries, with the cheese, Texas horseradish and habenero jelly dips.  These are the best onion rings I have ever eaten. The fries were good too. The cheese was the best dip. The habenero jelly was my second favorite but George liked the Texas horseradish on the onion rings. This restaurant has a million different types of milkshakes that you can put together and they are made from Dryers ice cream. It was also decorated very cutely.
5	Love it Love it!!! You can add so many toppings to your burger for FREE (w/ a fee extras, real creamy milkshakes and a nice classic feel to the inside of the restaurant! Definately a MUST!
4	Drove by the location a couple of times, but finally had the opportunity to visit for lunch with a coworker in tow.  50s diner theme aside, our friendly server was quick to seat us and introduce us to the menu.I liked the build-your-own burger menu, and was pleased with the freshness of the toppings.  The freshly made beef patty was a nice change of pace from the typical frozen kind, though a little seasoning in the meat would have been nice.  Everything, including the fries, were cooked just right, and without that greasy feeling.It's definitely worth the visit.
3	Cheeburger Cheeburger is a 50's themed diner.   Think pink neon, 50's music, big burgers, big shakes, big fries and high blood pressure for all.  Take some fish oil or something afterwards and you'll be fine.Get your burger for 6 for the quarter pounder, up to 10 for the full pounder.  Comes with cheese and all the fixings you want save for the premiums like bacon.  I got bleu cheese and chopped garlic.  They have 20 some odd toppings.  Go nuts.If you are a shake enthusiast, then get your oreo cookie, mint and mango juice or whatever floats your boat.  They have over 300,000 combinations.  If you are a math geek, you can check the calcuation while you are waiting for your burger.  30 minutes or so on a good day.  They make everything to order and from scratch.I didn't ask, but the ground beef was about of 15% fat quality, much better than the 30% more places, even supposedly high end places use.  Fries were from whole potatoes, so skin and tiny leftover crunchies galore.The closest competitor might be Fuddruckers, though I haven't been to one of those in ages.To sum, good place for burger and shake enthusiasts with a little time to kill.  If you think a big mac is the bees knees, this place is a total waste of time for you.
4	Cheeburger Cheeburger: So many choices, so little time, but so much fun. Enter the 50s themed diner to choose your burger size, up to a full pound, at reasonable prices.  All burger toppings are free, so mix and match to your stomach's content.  I went for the spiciness of jalapenos covered with the coolness of cole slaw, for a sloppy good burger.If a big sloppy burger is not enough, add a basket of fries and onion rings with up to 5 dipping sauces to keep your fingers busy.And there are too many milkshake flavors to comprehend.  You can even mix flavors, creating up to a ridiculous 378,000 flavors or something.  I decided on a nice Blueberry Pie shake to act as dessert.Be sure to stop by and discover your own creation.With all these choices, you won't get bored.
3	With a name like Cheeburger times 2, you don't have to guess what their specialty is.  What most diners in the area don't know is that Cheeburger Cheeburger is actually a chain with over 50 locations!  Walking in, newbies will be surprised by the 50s-inspired diner atmosphere.  Their menu definitely takes some time to navigate, but you'll get the hang of it.Burgers - their main focus and what everyone really comes for.  You can have your meat cooked to your liking (medium, medium well, well) and in various sizes (5.5 oz, 7 oz, 10 oz, 14 oz).  Apparently, they have their own farm where the beef comes from.  What makes them over the top is the number of toppings available.  Things like sun-dried tomatoes, avocado, and artichoke hearts are only a sample of their 25 plus topping selection.  The Husband went for The Semi-Serious (7 oz) for $6.99.  With nine types of cheeses to choose from, he went for the Pepper Jack Cheese and a fair amount of toppings.  Melissa G. went for The Classic (5.5 oz) Wrap for $6.79.  She also added a few toppings too.If it's not meat you crave, portabello mushroom and veggie burgers and wraps are also available.  Salads are also hearty on the toppings with over 25 choices to choose from.  I went for the Portabello Wrap for $7.99.  They offer white or whole wheat wraps and you get a signature sauce to dip your wrap in.  My wrap was okay, perhaps there's so much stuff going on that it's hard to enjoy the actual taste of the wrap itself.We couldn't resist their "Famous Fries & Rings" and wanted to go for the "Best of Both" Basket, Regular order ($5.89), but the waitress dissuaded us by saying it was huge and we should really get a Half ($4.69).  Apparently, she underestimated our craving for fried foods, and we ended up ordering up another basket of fries (Small $2.59 / Medium $3.59 / Large $4.59).  We weren't too fond of the onion rings, but we did like the fries.  They also offer five signature sauces, so we did the Adventurous Flight of Three ($2.49).  Since two of us ordered wraps, we ended up trying all five - Creamy Cheese, Zesty Horseradish, Creamy Jalapeno, Sweet Pepper, and Garden Vegetable.  We overdid it with the sauces and maybe should have just chosen one for our fries.  They weren't anything special unfortunately.  But the real winner is their milkshake selection.  With over 378,00 possible combinations, you can build any kind of milkshake you want.  The waitress did point out that once you get past the three topping combination, there's an excess of syrup as most of the toppings are syrup-based. (So, be sure to ask the staff what toppings are concrete versus syrup.)  I went for the Oreo Green Mint, Cookie Dough, and Heath Bar combination and it was REALLY good.  The Husband went for the Pina Colada and Berry Berry combo and his was pretty good too!  Melissa G. has Chocolate Banana Peanut Butter with Reese's Pieces.  They serve them up in two sizes - Half $3.59 or Regular $4.99.  Service was okay, the waitresses were super friendly in the beginning but slacked off a bit as more business arrived and our section was left empty.  (We were seated in the back section, although they ended up closing it off and seating everyone else in the front.)When it comes down to it, we paid over $50 for dinner and that was not including tip.  Pretty expensive meal for a party of three at a diner.  For those who know what toppings to pick, you can get a better bang for your buck.  But if you prefer the no frills on your burgers, this place is not for you.  We'd go back for the shakes and fries, but not for the rings, burgers or wraps.
5	Holy chee burger batman!This  place was the reciepent of constant ridicual as I would drive by for months but was brought there by a friend. Ridiculous name, RIDICULOUS BURGER! Huge burger with pretty much anything you can think to ask for can be put it on it. They don't even charge you per item which is what every other single place does. This place makes me hate those places because this place rocks the house and  leaves me wanting to drive 45 minutes back to it.
2	Im rewriting my review on this place for 2 reasons. First, because the first time I came here was back in 2009. Second, when I came here the most recent time, it was not like my first. Im gonna make this short and simple for you non readers. The burger was tasteless. I understand the reason for the unlimited amount of toppings you can add to your burger. But even A-1 steaksauce, chipotle sauce and banana peppers cant hide the taste of dry ground beef. Come on Cheeburger, even Chili's has their own flavor!!! I was very disappointed when I came back here, but im over it now since I wont be back again.
5	The Cheeburger chain (that is NOT a spelling error) has been around since the 80s. While not as well-known as most dine-in chains, they have maintained a small but loyal following.I discovered this restaurant when I won a free lunch there through a radio station promotion. Since then, I haven't stopped going back.Essentially, the restaurant is a 50s-style diner (with appropriate decor and music playing), serving a good variety of classic American food (burgers, chicken fingers, fries, etc.) All the food they make is excellent.What makes Cheeburger stand out is customization. The restaurant lets you create your own burger/chicken sandwich from tons of options, and even lets you mix and match malt/shake flavors! The staff take care of the customers and always have smiles on their faces. Not to mention if the malts and shakes aren't enough, there is a plethora of other dessert dishes to choose from.My one complaint is that there is only one location in town - halfway across the city from my house. Still,I can't fault the restaurant based on where I live.Cheeburger is excellent, and it's a shame the restaurant isn't more popular than it is. Don't pass this place by. It's the ultimate 50s diner experience.Food: BAtmosphere: A-Service: A-
4	well .. dont be fooled by the appearance from the outside. it looks like a lodge, but once you pass the 4 doors you get to Cheeburger Cheeburger. once you enter its a 50's diner.one you order i choose your size of beef then 1 cheese and then unlimited topings.so u can make what ever u want.for me the Hamburger was awesome. very juicy and tasty. fries were good and onion rings were better. they even have a build your own sunday. too full to eat it but will go back.IF YOU LIKE BURGER BAR IN MANDALAY BAY, then you will like this place BUT IT IS WAY CHEAPER.
3	First, I have to say that I tried to explain the name to my English husband and he just did not understand the humor.  At any rate, he was willing to try this place.We have been twice and, although my husband likes the burgers, I am just not convinced yet.  It is possible that I have not tried the right combination yet.On our first visit, I had the chicken wrap with avocado.  Except it was not avocado - it was more of a guacamole spread.  It lacked the fresh avocado taste that I was expecting.  The fries on this occasion were a bit hit and miss with the seasoning but good overall and the onion rings were nice - with soft rather than crisp breading.Today I tried the Bleu Chicken which includes swiss and bleu cheese.  The first problem is that the chicken is about half the size of the bread.  I can deal with this because the grilled sourdough bread is nice with cheese.  The other problem I had is that the swiss cheese had a really strong taste.  Of course, this is my personal preference but it was a little off-putting.  The fries this time were seasoned perfectly and uniformly.  Also, we ordered the half "best of both" as we did with our first visit but there seemed to be so much more in the basket today (certainly not a bad thing!!!).So, I have not written off Cheeburger Cheeburger.  The chicken is moist and the fries taste good.  I think that I just need to find the combination that works for me.  I will definitely try it again - especially since I joined their mailing list and receive coupons regularly.  I think if you are a beef eater, you will enjoy it greatly.
5	Cheeburger Cheeburger..... They totally deserve the additional SE in the name.. This place was nothing short of spectacular.. We had never been there before and after checking out a new Church called the Verve here in Vegas we decided to go snatch some grub and we ended up at cheeburger cheeburger. Pulling into the parking lot was again one of those experiences where you are the only person at the place since it just opened.. Walking in with my daughter and wife the woman at the door just popped up out of the corner with a huge smile and a how are you. After we were seated she asked if we had ever been to cheeburger cheeburger and we said..... well no.. And she proceeded to give us the " demonstration"... Okay lets pause for just one second.. What Burger joint have you ever been to that required a Demo prior to consumption... Okay, moving on. After the "demo" we started to construct our monstrosities, mine was the delirious which is 3/4lb with bacon, Swiss, tomato, onion-rings, BBQ sauce, Jalapenos and a dash of deliciousness.. The wife scored a Semi serious which is 1/4lb burger with Swiss, pineapple, teriyaki, and avocado.. And we split the best of both which is a combo basket of fries and the most amazing onion rings... The only complaint that I have is that my burger did not come served in a sweet 56 Chevy box like my daughters chicken strips.... I can say that i would sport the box. If you are ever in the area of blue diamond and rainbow and have a hankering for a delicious, moist and perfectly seasoned burger with any topping you think of this is the place for you.. Well and me for that matter, this is now the go to place for any burger outings.
2	Wow, put me in the minority because I was not very impressed by this place. I've heard alot about this place and alot of people have been touting this place as the best burger spot hands down in Vegas. Well I don't even know if I would pick this place over Carl's Jr., or McDonald's. The decor is 50s dinerish which I understand the theme they're going for but the food, eh not so much. The burgers ...are okay, the fries...tasted like basic potatoes, service was cool, she was nice. I would say the only thing that was good was their selection of milkshakes but I am not really a fan of sweets so can't say much about that. Maybe this place would've been better if people didn't hype it up but regardless I would've rather gone up the 215 to Kilroy's or even Fuddruckers for a better burger.
5	Love the Burgers and home made MilkshakesI usually ride around after taking my Motorcycle through Red Rock.Wish they would build on the North end of Vegas
2	I don't love this place.  The burgers are just OK and the service is slow.  Once I went there and there were only 3 tables of people and it still took forever for service.  They do have all kinds of shakes to pick from and you can mix and match your own so thats cool.  It is a little pricey and the burger is big but nothing special and not real flavorful.
3	Cute 50s diner style with a friendly staff and good service.The menu says you can have as many toppings as you want on your burger. What I didn't realize was that having my onions grilled would cost an extra buck. The bun was soft and fresh. Meat was a little over cooked for my having ordered "medium" but it was still juicy.Onion rings were awesome. French fries needed to be ordered well done. It's like In N' Out Burgers in that the potatoes are fresh but the fries ain't so good.Bummer that each sauce you order for dipping is a buck.All these little extra charges add up.We basically got one cheeseburger, a small combo of fries and onion rings, a soda and a juice and our bill was $21 not including  tip. The 2 sauces and my grilled onions added some of that extra cost.Although the meal was tasty, because of the price, I probably won't be coming back anytime soon.
3	Although I ordered my burger medium, it came out dry and tasteless. The topping list is great, but as many have mentioned the extra charges here border on ridiculous . When I'm order $6 worth of fries/onion rings you can't throw in some sauce for free?The shake we created (for $5.49 mind you) was really delicious, but I haven't met a shake I didn't love!! A decent burger, but with LBS, Burger Bar, Strip Burger, In n Out, BLT, etc all in our fair city it's hard for me to get excited for this place !
3	I thought this place was pretty good but as others have said for the price there are better options. Burger was overcooked and the fries were pretty limp. If I spend 5 bucks for a basket of frys/onion rings give me a dipping sauce free with it. I am fine with paying a buck if I want more but really?? The staff was really nice and the sodas come in a mason jar with free refills. All in all I wouldn't go back, they had better step it up as by my count there are 5 new burger joints opening around the same area in the next few months.
3	It's OK, I'm not going to go out of my way raving about it, but it was definitely better than Strip Burger.  At least this seems like hand pressed beef, where Stip Burger uses the preformed SYSCO patties.  The bar for me is The Great Grille from Burbank, unfortunately they are long closed due to the owner passing.  If you have your choice, go to In-N-Out or Tommys!  $40 for two including shakes, a soda, and twofer or whatever it was.  The basket of fries and rings.
3	Since I won't be able to make the UYE Cheeburger Cheeburger Challenge in July, I went there today for lunch to make a run at the "Pounder" Burger (20 oz).I ordered a Pounder with Jalapenos, Pepper Jack Cheese, & Mayo.  I passed on Fries or Onion Rings because I wanted to make sure I had enough room to finish this monster burger.The waitress was very friendly and the service was good.  It didn't take long for my burger to come out.I immediately attacked it and pulled an Adam Richman.....I ate as fast as I could to avoid my stomach getting full.  I was surprised in that I never had to stop....I annihilated the burger in less than 10 min.  Besides the occasional pause to add mustard, I didn't have to catch my breath.  It was easier than I expected.With the challenge completed, the waitress took a picture of me for the wall....there was another customer who completed the challenge in the restaurant, so he got his picture taken as well.The burger itself tasted ok....it wasn't anything great.  Maybe I ate it too fast and didn't get a chance to savor the flavor....I don't know.Will I return?  Yes, to give a regular burger, fries, onion rings, and shake a try.
1	I actually can't give a thorough review of this place since all I had were French fries and a milkshake which were both good. All 3 of my friends who ordered burgers were violently ill the next day. Not me though. Needless to say, we haven't been back since.
4	Cheeburger is my go to burger shop, it's not too far from my house, and the food is pretty solid.Where else can you get a burger with Eleventy Billion toppings, pretty solid O-rings, and a malt, served by friendly staff in a pretty timely manner?The Best way to sum up Cheeburger is imagine if a Fuddruckers and a Malt Shop had a baby, that my friends is Cheeburger.My only major complaint is that for a burger, o-rings, and a malt, the tab can be a little high, but the quality makes up for it.There are probably a million different combos of toppings/sauces you can put on your burger, and they will custom blend any flavor of malt that you can dream up. They also have Eggcreams (my NY roommate said they were pretty damn good), and a few other delicacies that you can't get at many places in town.If you're on the SW side of town and looking for a good burger fix, it's hard to do better than Cheeburger, and mad props if you do the 1lb burger!!!
3	We went here on 7/5 and the food has been way better on previous occasions. It was the waitress 3rd day. Which I understand she was new but she forgot to bring the onions.  Then she must have forgotten how to make change for a 20.00 because she stood in place for a good minute while I told her that I needed a 10, a 5 and 5 ones.
2	I was able to make the UYE burger challenge after all, but didn't participate in the 1 lb competition.  I was at a BBQ earlier in the day and since I completed the challenge last month, I didn't feel compelled to do it again.So, I decided I would give the Milkshake & Onion Rings a try.  I ordered an Oreo Cheesecake & Peanut Butter Milkshake and a Small order of Onion Rings.  The Milkshake was good, but it was too runny.  I like thick Shakes.  The Onion Rings were very thin and very, very greasy....didn't have much flavor either.....very bland.  Despite ordering the Creamy Jalapeno Sauce to go along with the Onion Rings, it didn't help it much.Overall, I had a good time with fellow Yelpers at the UYE, but the food was eh.Will I return?  Probably not....there are too many burger joints in town and this one is kind of far from my house.
3	Good  family place for a create your own meal. From burgers to shakes invent what you will.
4	I decided to go to Cheeburger Cheeburger today because I wanted to try someplace I had never been that had fairly good reviews on Yelp. I was also in the mood for something a little less healthy then what I normally try to eat. Cheeburger Cheeburger was a little difficult for me to spot, but perhaps  the construction on Rainbow played a factor?  Hopefully that is finished soon. A friendly employee greeted me when I entered, asked if I was placing an order to go (I was) and then proceeded to answer the questions I had about the menu. This place is a control freaks dream come true. You get to decide almost everything that goes into your burger... The type of meat (they serve turkey burgers), the size, how well cooked it is, the toppings (most of which were free of charge, which was nice). The only thing I didn't see an option for was the type of bun. They also have salads and wraps that you order in a similar fashion, picking out all the toppings you want.I ended up with the smallest burger, the Classic, and added cheddar cheese plus all the standard toppings I like: Lettuce, tomato, pickles, ketchup and mustard. That seemed a little boring to me, so I had them throw on some sauteed mushrooms (which was an additional charge).The food took about 15 minutes to prepare. Nothing unreasonable, but next time I will either call my order in or place it online so I can avoid the wait. Once I got back to work and ate it, I was happy but not blown away. Not by the burger at least... My birthday cake flavored milkshake was SO yummy! Like heaven in a cup yummy. A little on the runnier side, but I didn't mind, it was so good that I was eating it quickly and a thicker shake would have just impeded my progress! I am not sure how soon I will head back to Cheeburger Cheeburger. Next time I go, I will probably get a salad. And of course, another milkshake. Actually, I may go back just for a shake sometime.
5	I've been talkin' this place up to my pop for about a month or so & last night I finally got him in there... they did not disappoint... I had a serious piled high with goodies... my dad had a patty melt that he raved about the whole time he was devouring it.... unfortunately we couldn't partake in creating a super awesome milk shake.... anyone who's been will tell you it's mind boggling trying to decide what flavors to put together for that perfect shake....                       The food rocks the lol skool dinner feel dig on this place big time  go once & you'll be back again & again
3	I should start by saying I haven't actually tried their burgers. We went here for my cousin's birthday, but I was still full from lunch. As a result, I only ordered a Black and White Malt. It reminded me of the chocolate malts I used to always get at Sonic. It was delicious. Their fries were also rustic and fried perfectly.Now for some random thoughts. I must say that their menu isn't very Feng Shui. I'm not sure why I thought about this while I was there. It just seems overwhelming to newbies (we had a few in our group). Of course, in reality, the variety in the menu is a good thing. I mean, the shake/malt selection alone offers 78 different flavors, and you can mix whatever you want.I will have to return to do the one-pound burger challenge. I don't really see it as a challenge; I've had one-pound burgers before. I also want to try their shake sodas.
4	the burgers are awesome.  u choose just about everything that goes into and onto your burger.  u can also order a half onion rings/half fry with your meal.. and create any kind of shake imaginable... you can even ask for a burger shake if you want.the portion of burger you get can be as huge as you want.  they even have a burger to conquer if your in the mood for that.  if you do kill that cow [again] you get your picture on their wall!  it's a diner that lets u use your imagination with your burger and shake.  they have salads and all that too.... buy why would u come to a place called cheeburger cheeburger for a salad.  add it to your burger!
3	I was really looking forward to this place, salivating over their "1 lb." (actually 20 oz.) burger after easy downing the 16 oz. stuffed burger at Gash House A Go Go, so perhaps my expectations were high. First, the place gets dings for it's location. It's practically in the boonies, quite the haul from the Strip. It has to be a "destination" spot, and it doesn't quite rise to that level. I had the above-mentioned burger, with fries & a raspberry lemonade. The drink is small, served in a mason jar, and is but "flavored," not a raspberry in sight. No tang to it whatsoever. The fries were perry good, and the "small" is a vary good portion.The burger looked impressive. I got just the basics. Lettuce, tomato, onion, & pickles. In my opinion, too many pickles, not enough onion. The bun was about the right size, but toasting it (a good thing) also left it a bit dried out, which meant it broke apart too easily. I ate far too much with my fork instead of my fingers. The burger itself was OK. A nice bit of crunch on the outside from the grill. It wasn't really thick and juicy, as I would have expected 20 oz. of ground beef to be.Thing is, I want to go back. Not for the burgers, so much, as for some of the other menu items, especially the shakes. The prices were decent for the amount you get.
1	Worst burger in Vegas...  Probably the worst burger anywhere.  My wife and I walked in one night around 7:30 and there was not a single person in the place...  we should have walked out.  Well, I really wanted a burger, so we ordered.  The kids working there seemed more interested in playing around than cooking our food.  After about 25 minutes we finally got our food.  We made the 3 minute drive home and were so disappointed.  Bottom line, the burger was undercooked and the meat smelled horrible, the frys were soggy with rancid smelling oil dripping off of them, and even the soda was bad (no carbonation).  My wife stopped after 1 bite and I struggled through 2 or 3 bites.I will never go back to this place...  they will never get a second chance to make a first impression (on my wife and I, at least).  P.S. - My original review was removed by Yelp because somebody (most likely the owners of this awful place) "flagged" my review.
2	I've been here about 3 times and each were alright. Nothing amazing or outstanding. Because you customize your burger (cheese, toppings), there is quite a wait, especially if you're with a group. They also have malts and shakes and a great variety of flavors to mix and choose from.My boyfriend and I enjoyed coming here because of all the great toppings you can choose for the burgers and all the flavors they have to offer for the malts and shakes. They also have the best onion rings ever. My last experience here unfortunately was my last. We go inside and see that it's pretty busy compared to the other times we've been. The host tells us there will be about a 10-15 minute wait which I thought was odd because there were plenty of open tables. He informs the next customers that the kitchen was backed up and that's the reason for the wait. We patiently waited and were excited to finally get seated. As the host calls up a waiting party, he asks if they have been here before and they reply, "Yes." The host lets out a big sigh and says, "Oh good because I really don't want to give the big speech I would have to to newbies." Really? You'd say that to your customers? Show some excitement about your job.There was a large group seated immediately after us who received quick attention and service. We waited 5 minutes, then 10, and it was finally 20 minutes later and not one person came to our table. The group ordered the drinks and food and received their drinks before we even had a chance to put in any order whatsoever. I had no more patience and we were getting ready to get up and leave. A waitress (who walked passed our table numerous times) notices us leaving and comes over to our table ready to take our order. I tell her we waited 20 minutes and she was the first person to finally approach our table but only after she realized we were leaving. She just simply says "sorry" and we left hungry, angry, and disappointed.
1	I've been really wanting to try this place ever since I missed out on the UYE 1 pound burger challenge. This place tries to have a fun 50's diner vibe like Johnny Rocket's or Ruby's Diner. However unlike those 2 places, it has this garish pink neon lighting which detracted from the atmosphere. I didn't have very high expectations for this place, but my experience still fell far short. My friend and I each ordered a Cheeplatter for $12.99 which consisted of a 1/2 pound Black Angus burger with your choice of fixings, fries or onion rings, house salad or coleslaw, choice of dipping sauce, no drink included. As a portent of things to come, the salad was unappetizing and consisted of far too much shredded cheese and hard croutons and too little greens. I had asked for the burger to be cooked medium and got something between rare and medium rare and served lukewarm. The fries were also lukewarm and soggy. My friend had chosen coleslaw instead of the salad and received 2 tiny plastic condiment containers worth. He normally loves coleslaw but did not find it worth eating. The service while friendly was on the slow side when it came to water refills. From reading the other reviews, maybe I came on an off night. Sadly I may never know because I don't see a reason to subject myself to their food ever again. Next time I have a burger craving, you'll find me at In-N-Out or Smashburger, or even BK or McD's.
4	I am a huge fan of this tucked away burger joint for so many different reasons. For starters I have never had to wait to be seated, but once on a Friday night and I was glad to see them busy. This place is always clean and has friendly staff. Cheeburger has a build your own burger/salad/chicken sandwich menus with toppings for days. They also offer veggie and turkey patties, too. I always opt for the smaller burger with bbq sauce, onion rings, cheddar cheese, bacon and a side of ranch. The flavor of the patty is what steals my heart. It has a black pepper flavor and not overwhelmingly salty like other places. One suggestion would be to ask them to cut it in half for you. Even the smallest burger is big! Now onto the onion rings and fries.......love, love, love. I always have to get the Best of Both basket which has both of them. The rings are crispy and light without being so oily. While the fries taste is simple and cooked to perfection. Don't forget to order the different sauces. My favorites other than plain ranch are the cheese sauce and the sweet chili sauce. Yum!!!! Now for my favorite thing on the menu. The shakes! Wow, you can order almost any combination of shake imaginable. I have sucked down a Rice Krispie Treat shake, Birthday Cake, Apple Pie Ala Mode, Mint Chip, etc. I would have to say I am now in a committed relationship with the Chocolate shake with M&Ms and caramel now:)The food is delicious, service a bit slow, but well worth the wait when it all arrives. While waiting they have trivia cards on the table and bee bop 50's music to keep you happy. Every person I have taken here has been back and even brought their families since. Cheeburger is definitely in my Top Ten Favorite Places to Pig Out!!!!
2	I have been dying to try this place! Maybe it was the build up or maybe it was that I placed my order to go, either way...it was okay. I probably won't go back. I couldn't eat the fries, onion rings or anything fried because they use peanut oil and I'm allergic. So I just got a 1/4 lb burger with swiss, lettuce, coleslaw, mayo, pickles.  I don't like that ketchup and mustard aren't options to add to the burger, who wants to put packets of ketchup on your burger? Not me, I just want to go at it once I get it. Anyway, the coleslaw was a nice touch and added a good flavor and the bun was nice and soft. Other than that, it was just an overpriced burger.  If I ever go back, I'll definitely eat the burger there and not do take out.
4	I like this place. Its a little pricey cause they charge for everything, including dipping sauce. But it taste good.
4	If u like to customize burgers like i do, but feel a little ripped off at places like the burger bar, i would totally recommend cheeburger cheeburger! They have a ton of topping options for your burger and different patty options as well. They also have a pretty impressive array of flavors for milkshakes as well. The large is perfect to share, and i'd highly recommend the pineapple flavor. It has pineapple chunks in it. Mmm, dang it! Now i want to go there. The prices are way better than comparable restaurants and are a reasonable option all on its own. It great for groups with picky or restricted eaters. Just go dangit!
4	My parents love this place. They took a friend of mine and I here one evening after talking it up so much. I walked in and was definitely shocked my the decor. I was expecting some new, trendy place from the looks of the outside, but walking in feels like a time warp back into the golden olden days. +1 star for that. I felt like i was missing my little poodle skirt and wanted to dance around the jukebox. so much fun!I should probably start talking about the food, huh? I got the classic cheeseburger with swiss cheese, lettuce, pickles, guacamole, and onions. now you can choose as many toppings as you'd like. mix and match. whatever you fancy that day and they are free. FREE, i say! Now when my burger came out I was surprised at the size. For getting the small one i knew I would get full half way through. (i have no idea how my father finished the large one and got his picture on the wall. my stomach hurt just looking at it. food coma at its finest.) It was very messy and I had to eat it with a fork and knife. It worked out to my favor because i got to take the top bun off to get more flavor of the burger. I finished it all. It was a tasty burger. I shared a half order of fries and onion rings, but we should have just got all onion rings. addicting. the fries weren't anything special.The service was great. Everyone was friendly and funny. I enjoyed it and i'm sure I'll be back even if it is just to share a shake at the counter. (which by the way you can combine and all sorts of ways to wear you could go everyday for 5 years and still not have tried every single way. cool, huh?)
4	So, we're sitting home on a random Monday night trying to figure out what to eat. Every single day of my life I pass Cheeburger Cheeburger and laugh at the name. I figured it was like Chili's or Buffalo Wild Wings; turns out it's closer to a Johnny Rockets or an In N Out Burger!I walked in and immediately noticed the "wall of achievers" to my direct right. Turns out there's an eating challenge here. Turns out that challenge is a one pound burger. Easy. So easy.My friends all got a shake to start with, and in retrospect, I could have also. However, I decided to forgo the shake and just do the pounder. I ate the 1 pound burger (to which I added bacon) in under 5 minutes. Hardly a challenge. I also ate the fries, onion rings, and finished 3 diet cokes. I hadn't eaten all day. I ate like a champion. They took my picture, made me sign a waiver, and I contemplated another hamburger. I wanted to tack my picture onto the kid's Wall of Fame, but they wouldn't let me since I'm over 18.I think at this point in the story it is important to note that I shaved all of my facial hair except for my pedo-stache. My picture at Cheeburger Cheeburger has me making a ridiculous face with a pedo stache and a stuffed hamburger. I've never been more proud in my life.Back to the food; you can customize your burger with tons o' shit. It's like a slightly (better?) Fuddruckers. I felt like there were more topping options. The shakes looked scrumptious. The shake of the day was a frozen oreo hot chocolate; I tasted it and almost slipped into a coma.I'm really glad I came here, and I'm going to go back so I can tackle the pounder again. I'm going to see if they'll make a new challenge with two pounders. THAT would be tough. They should name it the Burger Boner Bonanza.
4	Cheeburger Cheeburger isn't really about burgers and shakes, it's about the experience of being bathed in neon pink lighting surrounded by stuffed burgers.I've passed this place probably 100 times and always make fun of the name and talk about how much I want to eat there. After the 101st fit of laughter a few friends and I decided to see what all the hype was about.Holy shit do they have a lot of options. Luckily our waitress could tell how clueless we were and walked us through the overly complicated menu with its millions of combinations and options. Fellow Yelper Seth Y. completed the pound burger challenge in under 5 minutes and I felt like a wuss with my half pounder. I guess I have to return for a crack at glory(and my beautiful face on the wall of fame!).As I mentioned, this place is definitely about the atmosphere. They make a big ordeal about people finishing the challenge including ringing a bell and taking a picture with a giant, stuffed burger. The atmosphere is definitely one of a fantastic burger joint and the shake/burger options are plentiful enough that not even the fattest fatty could try every combination even if they tried. All I know is that I will definitely think less about the goofy name when I drive by next time and more about the creepy pedo-stache picture of Seth Y. hanging on the wall of fame. Next time it'll be my beaming smile up there in all its glory!
3	Had high hopes for this place, but was disappointed.  Forget the fact that the waiter screwed up my wife's burger by writing down the wrong order, it just wasn't that good.  They skimp on the toppings and we ordered our burgers medium (they ask you how you want it cooked) and they arrived well done.  Simply not very juicy.Shake was fine, but arrived in a silver malt cup?....no glass?  You've got to be kidding.  They don't put any fresh mix ins into your shake, they are simply flavored from various bottles.  For example, I ordered chocolate Heath Bar almond and received an almond flavored chocolate shake, but had no almonds or Heath Bars in it!  WTF?Save your time and money and go to In-N-Out.  You know they never get it wrong there.
4	I went here for a friends Bday.  I lived nearby and passed it so many times without ever giving it a thought because of its bland exterior.  Wow, how different it was inside.  A retro interior design with posters and wall papers that take you back to the 60's, only thing missing was a jukebox, unless I just happen to not see it.  They won me over with James Dean life size poster on the men's restroom door.  I'm a huge James Dean fan, no homo.Now as far as the food goes, it was great as well.  You decide what you want on the burger and if you finish a 1 pounder, you get a picture taken and posted on the wall with the other future heart attack wall of fame.  The fries we're great also, the type of fries you usually find at great philly cheese steak joints.  And it wouldn't be retro without the milkshake.  I got the oreo milkshake which was worth taking a dump over because I'm lactose intolerant.  They were serving around 20 of us and we were pretty rowdy.  The server held her cool and was pretty much nice to us the entire time.  Fun great staff, retro style joint, good food, a definite thumbs up in my opinion.
5	OMG!!!! This place is the BEST!!!! The food is outstanding. The shakes are out of this world. Go...eat...enjoy!!!!
1	The last time I tried this place was in Lone Tree, CO about 10 years ago. I didn't think it was great there, and it wasn't great in Vegas, either. I'm not sure what all the hype is about, and I'm not sure how they've been voted best burger in 29 cities-- unless Vegas and Lone Tree were not included in that. The service is SLOW. Granted it was a Friday night, but there seemed to be plenty of people working there and yet it was impossible to get a drink refill. I ordered a milk shake- definitely the hi-light of the meal- but it came so far ahead of the meal I was almost done with it and felt sick before food even reached me. The food... I've had better at so many other places. I ordered a build-your-own chicken sandwich with BBQ sauce, cheese and bacon. The chicken was tough and over cooked, the bun cold and hard, not enough sauce and the skimpy 2 pieces of bacon were over done. I had about 3 bites before my jaw gave out. The fries? Undercooked and cold. COLD. WTF? It's a busy Friday night and you bring me a basket of cold fries with my already sucky sandwich? Ugh. We ordered the grilled cheese for the baby. I didn't think you could F that up, but apparently you can... by bringing it out without the cheese melted. WHAT? How can the bread be warm but the cheese still stiff? Needless to say he didn't eat it. What a waste. My husband got a burger that was uneventful. He said he's had better, but did manage to finish it. He's the only one that actually ate. I would not recommend this place or go back. There are so many other better places in Vegas for a burger that wasting your money on this crap would be stupid.
2	My visit here was such a major let down. Going in, I was quite excited. The choices seemed endless and my mind was working overtime creating various concoctions of burgers and shakes. But alas, it was all in vain.The exterior is rather deceptive. It can be easy to drive right by this place. And the outside doesn't even hint at the inside. But I found the inside to be a bit of a let down. 50s diner themes can be great. But this place felt like they phoned it in.Before reviewing the menu, I had already decided on my custom milkshake. One of my absolute favorite milkshakes I've ever had was a "freckle face" (chocolate chip). And here was my opportunity to have that again and add a little something extra, like perhaps coconut. But upon looking at the menu, I discovered that they don't have chocolate chips. Undeterred and still feeling optimistic, I opted for the Almond Joy. When my shake arrived, though, it was basically a chocolate milkshake with some generic flavoring labeled "Almond Joy". There were no chunks (like the menu pictures had led me to believe) or great flavors or anything. And I don't know why they even bothered serving it with a spoon - it was all liquidity, no thickness.For a starter / side, I opted for a half order of half fries, half onion rings. And I, of course, had a mini freak out when I saw the dipping sauces (I have a major love for dipping sauces) and was compelled to order the foursome (one of each of their sauces). Another let down. The fries were delicious, but the onion rings were too greasy to eat. And the only dipping sauce that was edible was the cheese sauce (which was totally out of a can). Though, I guess when it comes to value, I can say that the half order was huge and enough for a family of 4.For the burger, I went with the 1/3 lb., medium, with bacon, blue cheese, lettuce, and tomato. I figured it was a rather safe, non-crazy choice - so I could be sure to judge the burger on the burger, as opposed to the win or fail of some crazy flavor combination. When the burger arrived, it looked great. I cut it in half and it looked like a perfect medium. But after the first bite, I was seriously underwhelmed. There was zero flavor. How could a burger be flavorless? It was medium and pink, but not juicy. It was pretty much inedible. Now, I am hoping that perhaps this place is just hit or miss. My friend had been here before, and ordered the exact same burger, and loved it. And even he (who was along this trip to watch me eat) agreed that the burger this time was quite bad.So despite the service being good and there being some neat things (like a photo album on each table with pictures of the 1 lb. burger challenge), the food was not good.
3	I've been here a couple of times and the last few times it's been a bit of a let down. It really took it from 4 stars to 3. The food is pretty good, compared to the first time I went (I thought it way better my first time) but the service was great. We checked in via Facebook and got 25% off our entire meal.I would eat here again because the burgers were pretty spiffy.
5	best burger I've ever had!!!
4	its great because you can build your burger and your shake the way you want it. be cautious with the shakes because not all the flavors are natural. go ahead and get the pounder so you can have your picture on the wall but that thing is the cause of 27% of all cardiac disease deaths in this country.
4	My parents, husband and I went to Cheeburger Cheeburger last week.  We've been there before so we knew what to expect this time.  The first time we went was information overload and we all ordered too many toppings.  There is every topping imaginable on the menu!  With too many toppings, our burgers all fell apart and we ended up eating them with our forks.  This time we focused on the good stuff!  I think we finished 2 medium orders of onion rings in world record time!  We were SO hungry and they tasted so wonderful!  Not too much breading and not too much grease...just the right amount!  The onion rings are definitely better than the fries.  We all agreed the burgers were better this time around.  There wasn't a morsel left on the table!  Their shakes are great and service is always friendly.  Only complaint...kind of random location. Otherwise, it's a fun place to try, especially if you like the 50's diner style music and atmosphere.
1	Not worth the price.  I live really close and stopped in with my sons for a snack when we were going to have a late dinner.1 Mountain Dew....$2.491 Med Fry           .....$3.991 3/4 lb burger...$ 9.99Total with Tax and Tip...$20.50  Burger was ordered Medium and came out Medium rare and raw in some spots.  For $10.00 they need to get it correct....I mean ins't that what they should be experts?...at cooking a cheeseburger?  Atmosphere is missing something...staff not really outgoing and friendly.Note to owner...your backdoor faces Rainbow...driving by I can see your staff taking smoke breaks all the time...is not something that makes me want to eat at your restaurant....nor is it being a good neighbor.Next time 5 guys or Smashburger.
4	You know, reviews are really a hit and miss thing since each person has obvious differences in standards and expectations so you kind of have to take them for what they are.  The negative reviews I read almost kept me from coming here but I went with my gut since it was really in the mood for a good solid malt.  I was not disappointed.  The service from the moment you walk in the door is extremely friendly.  Albeit it may be considered a bit slow for some people, my family and I are usually never in a rush when we go out and are always just happy to enjoy the moment of being out and knowing that we dont have to clean up.  The menu is quite expansive and with all of the different combinations that they offer, it is easy to find something to your liking.  Obviously it is a burger joint but they have plenty of other things if that is not your taste.  My wife and I both had burgers and our 5 year old who never eats chicken fingers not only asked for them but ate them up.  The food was cooked well and the flavors were spot on.  The malt we ordered took a bit longer than I thought it should, but SO worth the wait.  And for $6 it was huge.  I can pay nearly the same thing at Red Robin and get half the size malt.  The place gets top marks for atmosphere.  Like others have stated, you would not know that this place is total 50's retro from the outside.  For two burgers, fries, onion rings, chicken fingers, a large malt and a half malt (for our son) the check was $35.  To me that is a total winner.  You will have to make your own judgement but my family will certainly be back.  On a side note, the onion rings are wonderful.  Just a thin light batter so they are not all breading and grease like most you get at other places.
3	A unique offering of quality in a hamburger establishment.Nice secluded, out of the way location. Friendly people. An admirable amount of choice on the menu. Convenient web-site ordering and good web presence. The quality of the food is exemplary: idaho potato fries and real handbreaded onion rings and angus beef. Huge portions of fries and rings, and many free additions to the burger.However, the value proposition is just not there for me.$14 for a 1/4 pound burger and (a HEAPING amount of) fries and onion rings means I won't be back often. I do like this place though, it has a good 50's diner kind of aura.
3	The options here are almost endless. With the bevy of toppings and countless combinations, you could come here on a regular basis and not get the same burger twice if you chose to. For most, the draw of customizing your own burger is a deal sealer, but for me it made for a random burger that sunk in my stomach. The platter deals are a great price at $11.99. You get a 1/2 burger (ask for a bun if you want one.), a side of fries or onion rings, a signature dipping sauce, and a choice of a side salad or coleslaw. I got mine with grilled onions, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles, peppers, A1 steak sauce, and horseradish. It was ok in flavor, but the patty fell apart. The horseradish does not deliver the kick I had hoped for either. The buns are big and soft. I could only eat the bottom piece because it was too much. The fries were seasoned well, but soggy. The salad was impressive. It was a mound of mixed greens, cherry tomatoes, croutons, olives, cheese and slice carrots. Way better than most burger places. The balsamic dressing was delicious. I shared the sides with a friend and was beyond stuffed. Although their shakes and desserts sound amazing, there was no room for anything else.
4	Very good, but over priced.  Their strength is in the variety of ingredients that they offer, so if you are more adventurous, you will probably find something to like at this place.  If you stick to the more traditional concept of a burger, then you will probably find this place overpriced.  Their milkshake / malt selection is pretty impressive though, and worth the trip just for that.
4	Really? I've never written a review for this place? Well, here we go I guess.I've been here on a number of occasions. My most recent trip was with my recently purchased Groupon. The diner atmosphere is fun, the wait staff is super friendly and welcoming. They make you feel right at home. They play all the great oldies, it really puts you in the mood.The burgers are great, you get to specify what size (up to a 1-pounder) you'd like and then there's a topping free-for-all. There is an extensive list of toppings that you can have added to your burger, which is my faovrite thing about this place. I usually order mine with swiss cheese, teriyaki, artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers, extra jalapeno, tomato and lettuce. Sides don't come with the burger, so me and my fella ordered a medium onion rings to share. They're enormous, so err on the side of caution when ordering. They also have a variety of dipping, if you'd like. Their menu is large and they have plenty of non-beef burger options as well as sandwiches, wraps and platters. You'll definitely find something for almost everyone here.If you order the pounder and are able to eat the whole thing you get your picture taken with a giant stuffed burger and you are forever remembered in their photo album hall of fame, which is fun. I usually just order the "serious" which is a third pounder. Might be a great idea to share a larger burger if you can agree on the toppings. They have an extensive list of milkshakes to choose from. Every flavor you can think of and you can combine as you like. Definitely worth a spin if you haven't tried it before. Great nice little diner. Plenty of coupons are available, so keep a look out for them (I never set foot in this place without a coupon) and take a trip. You'll be glad you did.
2	I don't see what all the fuss is about with this place.  Yes, they do have a lot of free toppings, but that doesn't exactly make it good.  The boyfriend got a burger with cheddar-jack, guacamole, bacon, lettuce, and onions.  It didn't look all too appetizing, and we've had way tastier burgers.  I got a grilled cheese with  cheddar and pepper jack, and topped with onions and artichoke hearts.  The cheese wasn't even melted.  It was like they buttered two piece of bread and then sandwiched the cheese and toppings, put it on a plate, and then served it.  It was disappointing because how do you screw up a grilled cheese?  The onion rings were awesome!!  They were lightly battered and thin.  They were pretty much all I ate there.  Their fries were alright, nothing to rave about.  I probably will not be coming back, even if the onion rings were delish.  I'd much rather go to In-N-Out or Smashburger.
2	Everyone has their own experiences with this place obviously. I think this place is the kind of restaurant that you really have to catch it on a good day to have a great meal. Pros- about 5 sizes of burgers to choose from,           an array of free toppings,           a gazillion milkshake flavors,           awesome onion rings (when they are fresh and not soggy)Cons- super slow service,            over priced burgers ( but load up on toppings and it'll make up for it)            tasteless burger patty (no seasoning whatsoever)            did I mention slow service????Between the 2 of us we had....The 1 pounder (which I finished) The 3/4 pounderLarge basket of fries and onion rings2 drinksI had a $14 Groupon and I still ended up paying $33 + tip.Unfortunately i still have another groupon to use and I dont want to waste it. If I didn't then I wouldn't see myself going back.
1	The worst burger I tasted in my life. The color of the meat was strange brown not what a regular grounded meat should look like. The frys were really dark brown. It looked like they used te same oil for the past few months.  The drink was served in a tiny glass bottle and costed $2.50. My wife and I spent close to $30 for 2 hamburgers,fries and 1 small coke plus tip. The price is one thing but the food is the worst.
3	We had previously been to Cheeburger Cheeburger a long time ago and when I saw the Groupon, I decided we'd pay it another visit. We ordered:Basket with fries and onion ringsKid's meal with 3 chicken tenders, apple sauce, and apple juiceThe pounder with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, guacamole, bacon, and mayonnaise The basket was brought out first so we pounced at the sight of it. The onion rings were completely demolished because they were delectable. The thing I hate most about onion rings is when you take one bite and the onion slides out of the batter, leaving you to feel like a fatty just eating the fried battered part of what used to be an onion ring. Not these! I easily bit right through the gluttonous batter and sweet onion every time. The kid's meal was great. My 4 year old thought the fact that it came in a car was pretty amusing and the chicken tenders were large enough for my two children to share. It came with a side of ranch which I thought was quite tasty and admittedly dipped some onion rings in it when the kids weren't looking. We opted for the apple sauce which ended up being Mott's but I don't think children really care for flashy apple sauce anyway.  Now, my husband and I shared the pounder and we were very very full afterward. We ordered it cooked medium well which the server said would be a little pink, but unfortunately there was no pink. I thought it was still juicy but my husband said it was on the dry side. My issue with the burger was the meat to bun and toppings ratio. As a woman, I like to take my large servings of meat with some veggies, but there was just so much meat that it was making a toppings landslide out of my slightly soggy bun. Overall, it was a nice experience but the price is a bit steep compared to how much I could pay at other burger places and receive a burger of equal quality.
1	the worst ! horrible service- not one sile or thank you worst fries/onion ever!  it tasted like shit discusting burgerexpesive for a burer joint..............would never ever go there again.............
1	Too expensive for what you get.
2	This is a throwback to an old school burger joint.  Prices are on the high side for a not so gourmet burger and the service was lacking.  Went once a four years ago and tried it again recently.  I probably will not be going back again.
4	Cheeburger Cheeburger is good, not awesome, but good. I am a fan but there were a few things I wish were just a bit better.Exhibit A: The 1 lb burger was not that impressive, I wanted to try to get it down so I could get my picture on the walls and in the little books, but I decided not to.  I was expecting a monstrosity of a burger and it was just a big piece. I've made bigger burgers on my grill at home and there were 10 year old kids posing for the pictures. If 10 year olds can knock that down, i'm not impressed! haha.Exhibit B: for a root beer float, they charged $5, and for a fountain drink, they charged $2.99. That's strip prices, and this isn't the strip, this is on rainbow in an area that I assume doesn't get that much traffic. But hey, power to em if they can continue to get people to pay it. It was a hot day (duh, it's vegas in late June) Wednesday and I got a RB float so i guess they got me!The price was good for the amount of toppings they allowed. There were about 25 things you can add to your burger for no extra charge, including a bunch of veggies and sauces, and you could even add two onion rings to your burger. Bacon was an extra charge, I think it was about $2~Mostly it was a great experience, and the 7 ounce burger was a perfect size with the order of fries we all split and the root beer float for me. I was happy and next time I'm craving a Cheeburger I might swing over to this spot. 3.5 stars, I'll round up cause the food was in fact good
2	Well; It was my choice to go here when asked by my Dad and BF asked where I the prego girl wanted to go for lunch.  I was not too excited about my choice after the service and my food.  Service was very slow and the girl serving us was kinda blah and not interested in explaining their ordering method to us.  Which is a little different.  I ordered a lemonade, for 2.99, are you serious??  I also got a chicken Caesar wrap,  I should have gotten a cheeseburger I know, but we were having steak for dinner. There was WAY too much bad Caesar dressing, a gross amount of pepper jack cheese, only melted on a part of the wrap.  And there was chicken in one half and not in the other.  The other two got burgers and said it was good, didn't look like anything special to me.  Although they do have many choices for you to add to your burger.  The drinks were very over prices and the service lame.  I wont be going back, even to try a burger, I make beter than those looked any ways.
5	This place is the best burger place in town. I've eaten here more than enough times to catch every shift change, every waitress and every cook and all that I can say is that these cheeburgers are heaven sent. Some of these other reviews mention slow service, and  less than exceptional food. I must defend my favorite burger place by saying that the "slow service"  is to blame on your fresh not frozen made-to-order meat. If you go back to the cook's line, I guarantee you're not going to see a mass of pre-cooked burgers. It takes time to create perfection. If you don't have the know how to create your own perfect burger, then shame on you, not on Cheeburger for your less than exceptional food. As their menu states, there literally thousands of topping combinations and if you can't find ONE to suit you then that sounds to me like a personal problem. :) As I was saying, there are tons of topping combinations to choose from, more than enough burger sizes- ranging from a measly 1/3 pound to 1 full pound of cooked beef. Speaking of 1 pounders- if you eat the whole thing you get your picture taken and put on the wall of fame for all to see. Pretty spiffy. (Look for my brother: a repeat offender) Top off your burger with unlimited FREE toppings- how can you go wrong? And, I think I'd be selling this place short if I weren't to mention their gigantic flavor menu for their shakes and malts, which are supreme. I've never tried any of their other menu items (there are quite a few choices other than burgers & fries), but I'm sure they are good too. The prices are justified for the serving sizes and phenomenal tastebud stimulation that you receive. If you want a burger, Pepsi and fries, all for $5 that's short on size, bland and pre-cooked- try Burger King; but good luck to you.To make this review a lot shorter than it should be, I will sum up by saying that if you don't try this place and eat a CHEESEBURGER (for which they are named) then you're not getting the full experience here. Remember: "Pepsi, Pepsi! No Coke!"
5	visit: 7/14/2011 7pm.I am the hamburglar.I can't get enough damn hamburgers, I could eat one a day,seriously.I heard of this place from my sister who does nothing but rave,wear their shirts, and apparently gets free sodas.I thought the 50's motif was pretty cool-seems like the way of the diner has damn near gone the way of the dinosaur,here in Vegas. They have all the decor and look, plus they actually play music from the 50's that everyone is singing in there,lol.I was impressed by the extensive menu options, mind you,there aren't many types of things to order,for example:Specialize in a few types of burgers, but tons of available toppings at no extra charge. you can customize your soda, milkshake, malt, coffee, and sundae/banana split. Also they serve fries and onion rings with different dipping sauces.I don't know about you, but I am a HUGE SUCKER for variety/choices and this place fit the bill. our food order:Me-1/3 hamburger,done med. pickles,tomato,lettuce,fresh onion.hubby-angus cheeplatter with salad,onion ringskiddo-fried mac and cheese with carrots and ranch in flaming car!!As far as burgers go, we both agreed the outside seemed a little underdone, and I did notice there wasn't any seasoning,but still good.drink order:me-pear,mango shake a soda,free refills!! 1/2 banana-chocolate-PB shake (half size seemed big, it was as big as my soda!)kiddo-birthday cake shakeAll of us tasted each others things and were very pleased. My shake was fricken amazing, and I'm glad I didn't order anything else.I  was stuffed.I heard of bad reviews mostly consisting of slow service-we had one waiter covering the whole damn store, and he was quick to refill and take away everything. Love it. good job Chris.Finish the big hamburger and get your pic on the wall when you walk in.An overall really cool place I will definitely return. Just wish it wasn't in BFE
2	Service, slow and it was empty. Took 15 min. To get drinks!Burgers were dry. Bread tasted old. The fries had a weird taste to them. Maybe undercooked? Only thing good was the rings. Much prefer Fuddruckers.Such a disappointment as we use to go to the one in Florida all the time and it was good!
4	Really enjoyed Cheeburger!   Their burgers are big and stuffed with all the goodness you can choose.  You could come here everyday and literally have a different burger for a year if not more.  Their choices are diverse and if you like shakes, you'll love it here.   Creamy, rich and and just all over goodness makes this one of my favorite experiences of my last visit to Vegas.  Chocolate and peanut butter was the bomb!!! Only thing I would have preferred is that they wrapped up the bill quicker and got our to go items faster to us.   The wait was a bit long.   Great place to try...have a feeling I'll make the trek on my next visit to Vegas...
4	I can't believe I live near this place and just barely tried it last weekend after having lived in Vegas for a year!1 star = for the retro atmosphere inside; kind of like dining in the 70's.2 stars = for getting to make your burger any way you want.  They offer a wide range of toppings from mushrooms, to A1 steak sauce, and even garlic.  Making it your way is definitely a great idea to ensure you like your burger.  If it doesn't taste good, it is your fault!3 stars = for the different sizes of burgers you can choose from.  You can choose from a beginner's size burger, to a whole 1 pounder.  if you can finish a 1 pounder you get your picture taken and go into their albums of people who were able to complete the challenge.4 stars = for the option to get a basket of both onion rings AND french fries. Both are yummy and beware, the baskets are huge and the half basket is good enough for 2 to share!I'll be back for sure!  Especially if I want to make my own burger the way I want it!
5	Burgers done the way you want...LITERALLY! And some of the best milkshakes in town with thousands of variations.
5	If you want something a little different, or just something you recognize, go to Cheeburger Cheeburger. I have been there a few times, and I love it. it is your average 50's motif burger joint, with a twist. There are 5 different sizes from the Classic at 5.5 ounces to the Pounder at a whopping 20 ounces before cooking. Now you get to choose your Cheese from a choice of 8 cheeses (there are no hamburgers on the menu, however the cook will gladly forgo the cheese if you want). That is only the beginning, you can choose between 29 different toppings and just for a little more you can add another 5 toppings. I am not sure how many different combinations you can make; however, the fun is experimenting to see just what you can come up with and try as many different combinations as you can. When you finish the Pounder, you get your picture taken and placed on the wall, or in a little book they will show you of different people who came with a Cheeburger Cheeburger appetite.And that is just the beginning. You need to experience Cheeburger Cheeburger on your own. So when you are in Las Vegas just follow Rainbow Blvd south, and it will be on your left, you have to look out for it, because you can miss it (and that would be a sad experience).I forgot to mention Milkshakes and Malts, there are 378,000 different combinations, I think I want to try them all.
2	I don't understand what all the fuss is about.  We ordered two burgers and both showed up incorrectly made.  While I appreciate that they are hand-cutting fries, and they were well seasoned and crispy on the outside, inside they were undercooked and raw.  The burgers, after they were remade, were flavorless, unshaped patties that more resembled meatloaf than hamburgers.  The toppings were of poor quality, and the final price tag - ridiculous.  I could have had seven #3's at the God-Squad burger shop for the same price  I won't be going back.
5	I love going to Cheeburger Cheeburger and I've never been disappointed. The burgers are top shelf and shakes are awe-some. The beef is Angus 80\20, fresh and never frozen.  I've attempted duplicating them at home, but it just doesn't taste as good. The owner never fails to stop by the table for a quick hello whenever he's there and is always interested in feedback.  I just can't think of a single thing I don't like about this place; except maybe that I live so far from it. Thank you Cheeburger Cheeburger!
5	I LOVED this place! I think what sets this place apart is having CHOICES. Everything is made HOW YOU WANT IT and the best part is that they have so many choices and flavors for you to choose from. Not to mention the quality was superb. MUST TRY: THE MILKSHAKES, with plenty of flavors to choose from, I cannot stress how delicious this babies are! And you have the option to MIX flavors. I reccommend if you're going to try the 1 Pound burger challenge, then you dont get extras (fries, milshakes..etc) with your meal. I was able to finish a Dilerious 3/4 pound and it was HUGE. Great and friendly service, great spot for friends and family, and even a cute little romantic spot! Great for lunch and dinner! Repeat EAT :D
4	WOW! I love this place because you can have your burger YOUR WAY! So much different options, you won't know what to put on your burger. Don't get me started on those shakes... There are about 81 different mix ins that you can choose from. So many different delicious ways you can make a milkshake.I must say my creation was quite excellent: banana foster and heath. Simple, yet delicious. But mind you, you can choose as many mix ins as you want!!! Just try not to go crazy.The service was also great. She was very patient with me because it took quite some time to actually  come up with a delicious burger concoction.
3	I love cheese burgers and what better place to have one than a place named "Cheeburger Cheeburger".. Claimed to be voted Best Burger in over 29 cities.. Lets find out the fuss..The Delirious (3/4 pound or 14 ounces): 100 percent all Natural Angus Beef, 100 percent vegetarian fed, Never Frozen... They had many toppings to choose from. I went with: American Cheese, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo. It was HUGE!!  All in between a pair of Potato Buns. For being All Natural (healthy?) Angus, It had some flavor but it was mediocre. I like the buns, it balanced out the big patty. The toppings were fine and expected. Decent burger but can't compare to the other Heavy Weight Contenders..Fries and Rings: half fries and half onion rings. the medium is enough for 2-4 people, especially if you order a serious sized burger. They weren't that great.. They had 4 different dips to choose from, I liked the Creamy Jalapeno sauce (the rest I wont even bother to write about). I still prefer Ketchup.Watermelon Iced Tea and Watermelon Lemonade: Both Refreshing and I love that it was served in a glass jar. Many Variety of Burger sizes/toppings, flavored beverages, shakes/malts, sauces.... Everything very customizable. I didn't like the fact they charged for almost every little thing (refills on certain drinks and dipping sauce..). The Service was decent, Ambiance like a retro diner or Johnny Rockets and then add a whole bunch of flourescent pink neon lights! Value, on the negative side with all things considered.. They do have a Burger challenge: "Our Famous Pounder" or 20 ounces! I barely finished the 3/4 pound (1 step below in size).. But for kicks and a picture of me tacked on their Cheeburger Cheeburger "Wall of Famers", it maybe worth a try one day!
3	*Best Milkshake in Las Vegas*That's right, I said it. Go ahead and try to prove me wrong. They have more flavors of milk shakes than most place have items on their menus. On top of the staggering amount of choices you have to the option to mix more than one flavor into a shake. Cheesecake Smores? Done! Coconut, mango, and pineapple? Done! This just opens the door from amazing to mindblowing. Don't even get me started on the quality of the shakes. That cheesecakse smores I just mention above, real graham cracker crumbs in it. Yes I had it, and it was delicious. A large milkshake runs around six dollars and is served in the milkshake tin, but dont let the price scare you away. It's definitely more than enough delicious milkshake to warrant forking over six dollars for. Now as for the rest of the menu......The hamburgers offer you another array of choices in the form of toppings and size, but even with all the toppings I just could not get over the lack of flavor that the hamburger patty itself had. It's definitely not on the bad end of the scale but for the price of the hamburgers you'd expect better. Their fry and onion ring platters do serve up a large amount of food for a good price but their dipping sauces are amazingly overpriced. One dollar for a dipping sauce? Come on now. The fries are a bit soggy and mediocre but their onion rings are a lightly battered, sweet ring of deliciousness.I hate to give Cheeburger Cheeburger three stars but the only thing I can recommend coming here for is the milkshakes and onion rings. If you're looking for a great hamburger, look somewhere else.
4	They have a good veggie burger!
3	Cheeburger is a super cute 50's themed diner that specializes in you guessed it, cheeseburgers.  They have fun trivia cards and Hall of Fame photo albums on every table.  (Jump to last paragraph for more on the HOF albums.)  I'm amused by their paper towels; each table comes with a giant roll like you think of in your home kitchen.  You really will need quite a few to keep up with the yummy goodness that oozes from your burger upon every bite.I wish that I could rate food quality and service quality separately.  Their food is a definitive 5 star, while the service deserves a big egg.  So, I'm gonna split the difference and offer up a 3 star.  The service is PAINFULLY bad, and this has been consistently the case on every visit.  I'll leave it at that, but you've been warned.If you feel that you are brave and in a very patient mood, give this place a shot.  They have every topping that you've ever considered and  never thought of to add to your cheeseburger.  I highly recommend the chopped garlic, which adds a magical quality to your Cheeburger.  And if you are in the mood for something indulgent order one of their shakes.  They bring them out to the table in the big metal mixing cup, which is really fun.  My personal favorite (due to personal palatial prefs) is the pistachio shake.  Bring your appetite because portions are quite large.  They have a massive burger called a Pounder, which is actually 20 ounces.  If you finish this burger they take your picture and put it in their Hall of Fame photo books.  I've never attempted to wrestle this beast.  Maybe one day.
5	Great food. Great shakes!  They have lots of options. I don't usually like onion rings but they have fantastic ones. The only negatives are decor and fries.
3	Had a groupon for this place so decided to give it a try....Pros: I really like the idea of having so many options! Honestly your dining experience is solely at your discretion...the toppings you choose make it so!I love the fries! They are homemade which I like a lot.The atmosphere is a lot of fun! Retro 50's diner, trivial pursuit cards at the table while you wait.... fun!Cons: Pricey! For a burger joint I think the prices are a bit steep. And although the burgers weren't bad... I wouldn't say they were great either. I have had better....All in all not a bad place to check out occasionally....
3	Kitschy place with fun trivia cards at the tables. The setup is odd for a diner because I'm expecting lots of comfy booths. Instead, the layout is very cafeteria-like. The burgers here are decent but not on the top of my list when it comes to flavor. Their yummy onion rings and a great selection of milkshakes and malts are enough to bring me back.
4	Some of the tastiest burgers in town! Friendly staff, awesome malts/shakes and fast service make this restaurant a good place to visit. You can come to this restaurant to enjoy a burger with all the toppings you can imagine (most of them are free!), fries and a shake for less than $20. Definitely worth it!
3	Got some burgers for takeout... Saw that it was supposedly the best burger in 29 cities and it had great Yelp reviews.  I'm not sure which cities this statistic is referring to, but I've had much better burgers in Las Vegas alone.  The really awesome thing is that they have different sized burgers, so you can get a small (5 oz) or extremely large (20 oz) burger and put almost anything you want on it.  They have toppings I would never think try, like artichoke hearts, banana peppers, etc.  They have several different types of cheese including feta, mozzarella, provolone, etc.  Unfortunately I wasn't feeling too adventurous so I got the Semi-Serious (1/3 lb burger) with bleu cheese, 2 onion rings, bbq sauce and lettuce.  The burger was good, a little bit chunky for me on the meat for me, I probably should have gone with the smallest burger.  My boyfriend ordered a medium burger and it was delivered well done, but still good.  The fries were pretty good, I wouldn't RAVE about them, but they were good. I've never had fries with the skin still on them, and they were pretty tasty with the seasonings.I'd like to try the milkshake and onion rings and probably be more adventurous with my burger next time, I would definitely try this place again and I'd say everyone is different when it comes to burgers, so this place is worth a try.
4	These burgers are veeerrry good. I'm not a huge burger fanatic, but I thought it was delicious. I used a coupon from my Entertainment book here. They happily accepted. I loved the service here. I went around lunchtime on a weekday and got spoiled with attention. Our shake, pineapple & pina colada, was... dreamy. My boyfriend doesn't like sweets, but he couldn't get enough of my shake! He almost drank it all. It was big enough for 2 to share. Without a coupon, you would probably spend about $10 per person, but not more than $15. I would go here again.
5	great burgers and shakes, cool 50s vibe. what are you waiting for?
3	This is a good option for a quick bite, couple of steps up from your regular fast food restaurant. You can select the size and toppings (good selection). The fries and onion rings are average. If you are into old school milk shakes they have a vast selection of flavors and you can create your own combination. The place is clean and large so I can't imagine someone will have problems finding a table. It is great for kids and large families. The staff is very friendly. Prices are fair. Parking is also not a problem neither. So, as I said, this is a great option for a quick bite if you are not in the mood for one of the traditional fast food places, but you can get better (gourmet) burgers somewhere else in town. Ohh no alcohol beverages, so if you like to enjoy a burger with a beer..well not your place. I didn't try the deserts, but I enjoyed a nice strawberry/hershey's chocolate milkshake.
4	Yummy!!! My husband and I went for lunch and were surprised how quiet it was .. Only two tables were occupied. I liked how they had different sizes to choose from( I had a semi serious he had a serious. 1/3 and 1/2 lbs. ) we also ordered a small combo of onion rings and fries. They were just the right amount to share. Loved the onion rings. Thin cut and lightly battered and so crispy ! The fries were natural cut skin on just the way  I like them. Burgers were juicy although quite messy( they have like 50 toppings to choose from)   Wanted to try their shakes ( they have so many flavors and over hundreds of thousands of different combinations but was too stuffed. Will have to wait till next time. All in all was pleased and would definitely try again.
5	Great burgers, excellent onion rings, fabulous milkshakes. We go here whenever we're in the mood for a burger.
5	Fun atmosphere, 50s style burger joint. Food was great, lots of vegetarian choices, fries and onion rings were delicious! Note: we were charged for the sauces we got with the onion rings and fries, our fault for not checking, but they werent the best sauces we ended up using ketchup.
1	Keep in mind this review is based on the first time I went to this restaurant 2 summers ago- before I lived in Las Vegas.I went here for my cousin's ballet recital dinner and ordered the portabello burger."Portabello" made me think of "steak" (that's right, I didn't know what portabello was!) so I ordered it. When I got my burger, I bit into it and discovered that it was not a steak sammich, but a mushroom. A big mushroom.I like mushrooms and regularly eat them- so I ate the burger. Something about it was not right though and I stopped 2/3s way through.Later that night I was having agonizing sharp stomach pains. I was sweating and drifting in and out of sleep.I continued to feel ill and have additional symptoms throughout the night and into the day.I started to feel better the next night and was well enough to get out of bed, and even eat at a restaurant in the hotel.After that experience when returning to Vegas, and eventually moving here, I've time and time again disagreed to going to cheeburger cheeburger due to this incident.I would not recommend going there- I wouldn't even go back if I was offered free food.
2	I have been to this establishment in the past and have had a good experience. The burgers are great and the shakes are wonderful. It was just last night that I decided to take my family of four and two guests with us for dinner. The two additional guests were only ordering milkshakes and the family ordered dinner.The reason for the star rating is not due to the food but what the server decided to do with the bill. You see there was six of us and they decided to include my 2 year old and my 10 month old as members of the party. They included the gratuity on the bill due to the size of the party. This disgusts me, they should not include a 10 month old as a member of the party. If they thought that they would be guaranteed some sort of tip good for them! I was able to save some money due to the tip being included and didn't feel bad for not tipping more after being a part of this greedy scenario.This happened to us at another establishment and we have never returned!
4	Always a good burger and more here. My kids love it as do I. Service is always a bit slow, some of that is because they prepare everything as you order it which is nice however the staff always seems to lack in urgency sometimes. Ala in all, a great family restaurant.
1	I was not impressed with the food or the service.  First we were there for 1 hr 40 minutes for a burger, not fine dining. It was not totally the waitress's fault , she did have some lapses ,but  I think it had to do with staffing mostly.                      I don' remember the name of my burger I think it was 1/2 lb, I order my burgers med /well , it was a little burnt on one side. The fillings are generous but the buns do not hold up well , I had to use a knife and fork on mine. The fries and onion rings were alright.  I also had the s'mores shake nothing special ,I can buy s'mores ice cream and blend it up myself. Nothing stood out , except the long wait...
3	I am not one to turn down a challenge so when I saw that they offered a 1 lb burger challenge on the menu I obviously had to do it. The one pounder is a burger patty that is one pound after cooking which was a nice treat. The meat was cooked well and you are able to choose from a very ample list of free toppings. The patty was a little too greasy for my liking, and the bottom bun was soaked through by the time I finished. This location is not that close to where I live so it will probably not get a repeat visit, but I did get to take my picture with a giant plush hamburger after finishing the challenge so there's that.
2	Okay little burger joint, not bad but nothing spectacular.  In a town inundated with burger places you'll find better.
4	I definitely LOVE their food and the environment. Every so often, you'll get a waitress that isn't too friendly, but most of the time, everyone there is wonderful. It's a great little burger place to take your whole family!
5	My favorite burger place near my home. Working my way up to the crazy huge burger challenge. And yes the onion rings are the best ever!
1	It was a Thursday evening, around 6:30pm, the dinning room was packed, but we manage to get a seat.  It seems there are only two people working the dinning room, and they are running around too busy to take our drinks.Finally someone came and we ordered.  What seemed like a long time, our hamburgers finally arrived.  I had what looked like a magnificent burger, only to discover my 1/2 lb patty was so small and lopsided, it only covered 1/3 of the bun.  I cut the burger in half and began to eat, only to find that very few bites had an actual patty in it.Since I have enjoyed many a burger, this place was is not on my go list.  I think the golden arches servers better!  Too bad.
2	If ordering online, I extremely recommend that instead of the mandatory 25 minute wait before you swing by to pick up your food, go ahead and pick up your order about 15 minutes after you place it.  I picked up my order right at 25 minutes and when I opened it to chow down at home EVERYTHING was soggy. The burger was a bit cold and my fries were cold too except for the middle.  I wish they would at least call me to tell me my food was ready.
5	If the five stars didn't do it, let me just say it... I love Cheeburger Cheeburger!  The burgers are cooked as asked each and every time.  The fries are hot, crispy, and fresh cut.  I don't always have room for desert, but when I do, the waffle sundaes are killer.  I love watching the people around me start smelling the air and pointing as they chatter about what the wonderful smell is.  Since they cook the waffles to order, it always happens.  I can just tell they'll be soon ordering themselves one shortly.  That is if they have room left after eating their huge burgers.  Who in their right mind could find fault in this place?, honestly.  I've been to the Vegas location more than a few times, but even after my first visit they remembered me.  By my third visit, everyone in the place including the cooks greeted me like I'd been a patron for years.  I like that, and in a city with such an ever changing resident population it is so uncommon.  I love the burgers, but I've got to say, the people make each visit a special one.
1	There have been many times when I knew right away that I was in love with a burger, but rarely have I disliked one instantly. That is until now of course, in the case of Cheeburger Cheeburger. I actually stated "I hate this bun" as soon as I swallowed my first bite, and it only went downhill from there. Read on if you dare.There are apparently many locations all over the country of this place, although I can't say it's really been on my radar aside from a few recommendations through friends in town. And after my experience, I'm not sure if I would consider these folks my friends... the interior is kind of like a stand-alone Johnny Rockets; 50's diner style right down to the cheesy neon and stainless steel on the walls. It's extremely gimmicky, and much worse than any Fatburger I've ever been near. It wasn't overly crowded the night I was there for dinner, but there were several families and it really confused me as to how this place is popular.The menu offers burgers ranging from 1lb down to a 5.5 ounce 'beginner', along with chicken sandwiches, wraps, salads and the option of supposedly over 1,285,000 combinations of shakes. They offer some odd toppings such as peanut butter, pepperoni and salsa. I guess there are options for anyone looking to create a disgusting burger.I was excited to see Heinz 57 sauce as an option, and mistakenly ordered it on my burger along with mushrooms, lettuce and tomato. As I said, upon first bite the bun turned me off; it was incredibly dry, had no flavor, and was way too thick and large for the sandwich. It was grilled and buttered on the inside, but that little bit of flavor couldn't compete with the vacuum of flavor created by the dryness. The meat was actually cooked quite well and had decent flavor, but the person I was eating with didn't have as much luck so I question their consistency and must assume I was lucky for now. My mushrooms had ok flavor but the small amount I was given got lost in the other flavors. And by other flavors I really just mean my Heinz 57 sauce, which completely took over the entire burger with its semi-BBQ flavor. I always thought I liked that sauce, but apparently not on burgers. I also must note that I only ordered the 1/3lb burger which I can easily handle, but this was so bad I only finished a little more than half.The one positive factor of this meal was that because of my Foursquare check-in we were given a free order of small  1/2 fries and  1/2 onion rings. Both of them were ok; the fries were crispy and had decent flavor other than the couple of really undercooked ones that snuck in our basket. The onion rings were the thin, greasy, crispy battered type which I love, as opposed to the thick-breaded, hard to bite through variety. They were good, although I'm just not a huge fan of onion rings. They offer a few different dipping sauces; we went with the Zesty Horseradish sauce which was ok I guess.By the time we were done with our meal we were completely dissatisfied and turned off by everything. We almost got mad that there were so many families and other people seemingly enjoying what they were eating. The only tasty parts of our meal were the Oreo and Peanut Butter Cup shakes we got, and that's not something I typically order. With the free fries and onion rings our meal cost $25.20, it would have been over $30 if those weren't free. This price does include $7.98 for two shakes, but is a bit too much for how unhappy we were. $6.99 for a burger isn't a bad price, especially off the strip, but what I was given I wouldn't pay for again. I'm not even going to sugarcoat it, just avoid this place.
4	They have a great tasting burger! You can tell the meat is quality and fresh! Nice atmosphere and great service. Will be back.
2	The burgers we ordered were great! Thats where the 2 stars come from. The service was extremely slow. There was only one table in there with us. Our server seemed inexperienced. After needing a refill for 10 minutes she came by & retrieved our glass. However, she never returned with a refill! We saw her at the expo line talking with another server. We had to get up from our table to physically ask her for pur refill back. After we've been done eating for a while, she eventually came by & dropped off our check...waiting for her to process the transaction was another long hair pulling wait. Not to mention she seemed annoyed & rude when we were placing our order. The service will definitely be something that holds us back from returning.
3	50's Diner Style! Not the best burger I've had but the portions were big, prices are great and service was good. Plus: You can order as many toppings as you want and it's included in the burger price! Tons of shakes to choose from or make you own.
3	Service was great. I ordered my burger med well and it came very well done. It was pretty dry and lacked flavor - not the best. I was not a fan of the bun. It was too big and dense. Cute atmosphere, lots of families with kids. I like how the burgers are all natural, never frozen and cooked to order. Good fries and onion rings.
5	Great burgers and great service! Nothing fancy just the perfect place for your burger cravings. Try the 20oz burger...if you finish you get your pic on the board! My boyfriend finished his along with a large fry and onion ring and a shake!!!
2	Drove past as many people do. Menu was fair sized and the host spent about 5 minutes going over all the items being our ' first time' , I would suggest skipping the run down had a bit of a headache with all the choices and combos. The burgers may be healthy a better beef but once cooked it didnt fit the bun maybe from lack of prep making them thin sized? Everything seemed a la carte, and a big bill for something I could have gotten at Carls Jr ($6 burger) for less.  The ambience was nice, lots of neon and 50s decor. Service seemed slow. How long should it take to make a burger, few people when we were there. Ordered 2 burgers, fries & onion rings and cokes added up to a $25 bill plus tip.
3	I love a good 50's themed restaurant but it isn't quite like the one I grew up with in San Diego. I typically rate restaurants based on the best I've ever experienced so that would be Corvettes for me.  The food  at Cheeburger Cheeburger is still good and it looks like the atmosphere has shaped up a bit from when I was last there a couple of years ago.I liked the idea that you can choose your own toppings. I'm glad they had some spicy selections like pepper jack cheese, jalapenos and I think they even had chipotle mayo. I loved the different sauces that you can order with the curly fries. I think next time I will not order all of them because I only found myself dipping the fries in Ranch or the melted cheese. We ended our meal with a huge banana split that can be easily shared by three. I chose some of the topping like chopped M&M's and nuts ..yum!
4	A lil pricey but great burgers that you customize and awsome milkshakes.  Peanut butter and jelly milkshake.. yummy!
2	This place is expensive for what you get and very average overall.  You pay for the 50's theme and decor, but they didn't even spring for booths, just cheap and uncomfortable tables.  We got turkey burgers that were fair at best.  Sweet potato fries were tasteless, the chocolate malt tasted like it was made with that super cheap chocolate ice cream.  Our bill topped 40 bucks with tip for two adults and two little kids that split one kids meal.  We went to Carls Jr and got pretty much the same meal with superior quality and taste for about 17 bucks. Of course, no cool decor, so the experience wasn't quite as fun, but I think there are MANY better burger joints in Vegas than this one...
3	Interesting concept with customizable hamburgers with about 50 or so ingredients you can put on a burger. The burger was good, not great, but good. However I felt their onion rings & french fries were horrible and that they charge you for flavor sauces like jalapeno ranch and cheese ($.99 for a little tiny cup). They also give you unlimited refills on sodas & teas but the glass they give you is about the size of a thimble. Also have milkshakes with umpteen different flavors. Its an OK place for a pricey burger. Better then Fatburger...a little bit.
3	Tired of fast food? don't wanna break the bank? In the mood for a cheeseburger or/and a milkshake?...try this place.Diner atmosphere, great staff, child/family friendly.The burgers are good, you can pick your toppings and the size of your burger. Try the Pounder challenge and get your picture on the wall of fame. They're pretty tasty, can be a tad greasy, but it's a burger, it's not supposed to be healthy. The fries and onion rings (portions are big) are ok nothing great, add dipping sauces if you wish.One of the best parts of the menu is the astonishing list of milkshake varieties. You'll never get to try every one, there's over a million combinations.
4	food was amazing!! Burger was delicious, super juicy and flavorful..2 thumbs!! I'll have to try the shakes when I go back. Glad it's close to home :)
3	I went again a few weeks ago.  The burger is good, I've had better though.
1	Fries and shakes are the only this I liked about this place. Both my husbands and my burgers were dry and seriously lacking flavor. Service was terrible as well.
2	Came here for a fundraiser, which was very nice of them to do for a non-profit organization. They donated 15% of the bill if you presented the flier with the bill. Needless to say this was my first time here. Overall it was okay, I ended up getting regular order of half fries and half onion rings ("bob"), everyone had mix reviews about them so I decided to try both, along with the horseradish sauce which was recommended by the server. They were both just okay, I wasn't a big fan of either. They were also very oily which wasn't settling with me very well. The sauce was kind of bland, lacking in flavoring so I wasn't a fan of it either. Ended up using ketchup and a lot of seasoning instead. I also got a shake, which I loved the idea of mixing whichever flavor I wanted into the shake. I ended up getting a mango and pineapple shake, which was good. It wasn't overly sweat so I was happy with my selection. My friend got a oreo, cookie dough, and white chocolate shake which was a lot sweeter, but good. Prices were okay, about $6 for a regular size shake, $4 for a small, $20 2 lbs burger, $12 1 lbs burger, $10 dinner special (1/3 lbs burger with drink and fries), $6 regular order "bob". I may or may not try a burger next time. There was a weird smell that really made me feel nauseous when all the burgers came out. The most potent one was from the 2lb burger, I wasn't around the 1lb burgers that a lot of my friends ended up getting but some people said those smelled. Someone thought it was the cheese but I don't believe it was. It smelled more like rotten meat to me. I might be just overly sensitive to smell though, so it could be just me. I do like there shakes so I will come back for another shake, the food, I may or may not try. Also a check-in will get you 1/2 order of "bob" free with a burger!
2	I had visited this place for the first time due to a fundraiser for the organization, UNLV Circle K International. Both me and my friend weren't that hungry so we each got a custom shake and shared the "Best of Both" which was fries and onion rings. The custom shake i got contained oreos, cookie dough, and white chocolate. I had ordered the regular size so it came in the metal container they used to make it in. Decent size. Flavors were good and lots of cookie dough. Though for some odd reason, it tasted a bit sweeter than i had preferred. My friend had gotten pineapple and ?????. Not as sweet. Tasted pretty good actually. When the fries and onion rings came. It was eh. Reason for that is because the fries were unevenly sized so some burned during the frying process while some were good. I hope they dont expect people to eat the burnt crispy ones. T_T we had ordered the horseradish dipping sauce too. waiter said it was good with the onion rings. i didnt taste any horshradish at all. disappointing. ketchup and their special seasoning (strong in black pepper and whatever seasoning that gave the sour taste) was better. A lot of my friends had gotten burgers (ranging from 1/4 lb to 1lb to even the 2lb). the 1/4 lb and the 1 lb looked decent. Good thing about this place is you can almost add any topping on there.  Reason why i said it looked decent was (refer to my picture of the 2lb)... that looks almost disgusting. Then again, 2lb of ground meat is kind of hard to cook together... Some people were complaining about some smell but i had not smelled anything until later in the night. One of my friends had ordered their 1lb burger late (they came late) and the burger had passed by me. I had smelled this disgusting smell. One of my other friends believe its the cheese but i highly highly doubt it. Melted swiss cheese does NOT give that kind of smell. Or rather almost any melted cheese. Me and my friend who didnt eat much came to the hypothesis about either it being unfresh meat or some odd seasoning or way it was cooked that made it produce such a smell. Once i had smelled it, i actually was happy i didnt have much of an appetite earlier and order a burger. No one complained about the taste so i guess the taste was good, which was the reason i had not put this at 1 star. The onion rings were decent as well as the fries, aside from the burnt pieces. Most of the burgers looked decent aside from the 2lb one that looked like it was falling apart. If u were to ask me if i were to come here again, for the shakes, maybe. But for the burgers, most likely not. But pricing, here's to give you an idea for the outrageous sized ones. 1lb - $122lb - $20
3	Visited this place last night. The hostess was really nice, as were the servers (they both came by and made sure we were taken care of during the meal.) The restaurant is really cute, it's SUPER bright pink tacky '50s diner (I mean tacky in the most lovable way). There was a balloon girl going from table to table since it was Saturday night, but there were not really many other tables in the restaurant.I meant to order the smallest burger they had but I think I accidentally ordered the next size up, 'cause my burger was pretty darn big. Shared the onion rings and fries combo order, the largest size, with my guy. The fries and rings were not really my favorite simply because I like more crispiness, which I didn't get. But I can see how other people might like them.I'm gonna be honest in that I have the flu and couldn't taste anything. Like... nothing. So this is more of a review of service and price.My guy commented that they nickel and dime you for everything, which is true. The menu looks really cheap when you glance over it, but the burgers do not come with fries. It was 6.99 for the large onion ring/fries basket, and .99 for a 1oz ramekin of horseradish sauce (at least give a large ramekin for that price.) It was 1.59 extra for him to get onions and mushrooms on his burger. Drinks were almost 3.00 for small mason jars, and it was 3.99 for a small milkshake (that I hear was stellar, he got pumpkin pie and raved about it nonstop. Unfortunately, like I said, everything tasted like nothing to me.) It was 42.00 for 2 of us. After the tip, my guy said "I really feel pretty gypped that I just spent 50.00 on burgers. We could have had a really nice dinner for that elsewhere."I'll be back to bring my mom to see the decor and actually taste the burgers and shakes, but will be skipping the fries and onion rings! 'til I can taste the food, I'll leave this at 3 stars :)
5	I went here as part of a fundraiser for a club. The server was REALLY helpful and tolerant of our big crowd. (I think we took up 60-70% of the restaurant!). Not once did he show any sign of being annoyed or irritated because we'd have someone new join our party every 15 minutes or so. We also stayed 30 minutes past closing without knowing, and he did not rush us at all! Just the service alone gives this place 5 stars!A few of us did the pounder challenge (where we eat the full pounder and get our picture taken and placed up on the wall). There are a LOT of different toppings to choose from, and a few premium ones as well. The burger was a bit messy to eat, but hey, what else do you expect from a one pound burger, right? The burger itself was delicious. The only complaint I have about it is the beef patty... It could have been seasoned a bit more, because there were times where I tasted nothing but beef. No seasoning on the inside, whatsoever, and the sauces I picked for my burger did not seem to reach my taste buds as I was munching down on the ginormous beef patty.I would have ordered a shake for dessert, but I was pretty much bloated after the burger. I will DEFINITELY be back just to try out their shakes, cause judging from their menu, it seems like there are a lot of yummy combinations just waiting to explode in my mouth. =P
4	my husband & i went here tonight for the first time. we also brought our 2 & 4 year old kids. the kids split the kids meal (one kid's meal was the perfect amount of food for two toddlers to share).my husband got a portobello burger and a large basket of fries & onion rings.i got a veggie burger and nothing else.the burgers were both HUGE - even the veggie burger patty was large. and the basket of fries & rings was large. food was good.total bill was around $35. not horrible - but for one complete meal, one extra veggie burger and one kid's meal - it was a bit higher than expected for burgers. add a tip and we're in $45 for burgers & fries.we probably won't go again, but i do think this place would be great for someone who is really into good burgers & fries. like others have said, our family could have gone to a pretty nice restaurant and spent around the same amount of money.i'm giving it 4 stars -  because i didn't get food poisoning, my kids had fun (and their food was served with a paper car to play with), my husband said his mushroom burger was amazing, and the service was good. the place seemed relatively clean - everyone was friendly.
5	My wife, kids and I just went. My wife stated that we probably won't go again but did give it 4 stars. I give it five stars and we will deffinately be going again.
4	I LOVE being able to pick from dozens of toppings for my burger, and endless variates of milkshakes. The burgers are delicious, beware, anything bigger then the SMALLEST burger is HUMUNGOUS!!! I was disappointed by the fries though, they weren't very tasty and were a little burnt. I'm not sure if I got an old batch that was sitting there for a while, so there's a chance that it was a fluke. Nevertheless, my husband and I play it safe and just get the small burger and a milkshake (one each), and we're always stuffed afterwards! Always great, speedy service.
2	Went here for lunch with a co-worker.  He had eaten here before and suggested that it was a pretty good burger, although a bit on the pricey side.  I thought it was worth the chance.  Points for:  Tasty onion rings, which came in a combo with their fries...free via a Yelp coupon.  Fries were fresh, but a bit over cooked and in so many random sizes it felt like we got the bottom of the batch.  Tons of topping options all at no additional charge, which was good, because the burgers were more than a bit pricey in my book.  Frequent refills on drinks, which was nice.Points against:  Burger which was ordered "Medium", their least cooked option, was cooked to the consistency of shoe leather.  Not a good burger.  Bun, which I presume was special to their location, was stale.  We were one of four tables in the restaurant, and it was  quite a while before we were served our food...not sure what that is about...maybe that is how long it takes to cook the flavor and life out of a hamburger.Overall two stars....there are lots of better options out there.
4	Very retro dinner with good burgers!Shakes are good too! Not sure how I feel about the sauces, none were amazing, but  a ranch kinda girl.For sure Not sure I would go back, but glad I made it there once.
4	I was shocked when I walked in to Cheeburger Cheeburger last night. The building it is in is so fancy looking with the stone. I felt like I was under dressed just pulling in to the parking lot. But inside tells another story. Bright pink neon lighting. Tourquoise blue and chrome seats. Glass block walls. It is a total 50s throwback complete with the music of the era. I admit, I'm a sucker for oldies music. If I hear it in a place, I'm going to like it more often than not. The food is a big part too and there is no shortage of food here. I tend to be a big eater so when I tell you that you wont leave hungry, believe me. I ordered an angus platter after several minutes of deliberation and deep thought. I was a bit overwheled at all the possible options. Fortunately the staff was there to help and walked me through the process. I settled on the platter, as I said. I ordered my burger with lettuce, tomato, pine apple, swiss cheese and teriyaki sauce. It came with grilled onion already which is fine by me. I chose fries though " The Best of Both Worlds" (onion rings and fries) was recommended. I didn't feel I needed both. I got the horseradish sauce for dipping. I also ordered a salad. It was big with wild greens, cheese, olives and croutons. There was just barely enough dressing to satisfy. I could have asked for more but that would have been too much for my liking. My burger came out as 10 oz of delicious angus cooked a perfect medium and topped with my requested toppings. I am not going to say it was the best burger I've had but it was pretty darned good. My main complaint is that the bun was very bready and a tad on the dry side. Still, a good burger that was quite filling. The fries were good as well. Crispy and salty the way good fresh fries should be. I stopped there and passed on dessert last night. I'm regretting that today. To complete the experience I should have ordered a cherry cola and a chocolate malt. That would have been the perfect 50s diner experience. Maybe next time.
5	A new fav in Vegas...this was the best burger I have had in a very long time. Thank you.
5	The best customer service and the best hamburger ever !! Can't wait to go back
3	This is a bit of a hidden-gem of a diner - tucked away in a little complex, and with the little gimmicks of the oversized food challenge and the jar water bottles, and the spruced-up 50s retro thing going on... Really, really cute. It's laid-back, but preppy with the pink walls, and the servers are adorable. I like the place.I appreciate the customize-your-burger menu style too, there's lots of options! The food is decent, just a bit above average in taste and quality, with large portions. It's on the expensive side, almost not worth the food order, but good enough. This review is probably closer to a 3.5 for such a cute establishment, but I have to round down for the fact that too many burger places are overrated, and a burger place has to have some fantastic burgers to stand out to me at all. This is a place for burger-and-fries aficionados, and for meeting up with friends. I don't think I'd be back for the food myself, but I'll tag along with friends if they wanted to meet up here, and it'll always be fun to watch someone try to down a two pound burger. I'd probably just have a milkshake if I do come back again.
2	I was so very underwhelmed with this burger place. The decor was very retro and I was excited to try another "build you own" burger joint. The menu was simple, although a little on the spendy side. I was OK with the price being a little high if the food was worth it.My wife and I each ordered a "classic" 1/4 pound burger (the cheapest burger on the menu) and a basket of sweet potato fries. I had an iced tea and my wife had an Oreo cookie shake. Our total bill was $28.00. They should rename the classic burger, "Meatball sandwich." They used the same size bun for the smallest burger and the large 1lb burger. My burger patty was the size of a meatball. Spherical, not flat, so there was a lot of bites of just bread and toppings. Both my wife and I were truly disappointed. The fries were good and my wife really enjoyed her milkshake. My other complaint was the complete lack of atmosphere. There was a group of 6 adults behind me that were loud, rude, and obnoxious. They were so loud, I could not hear what my wife was saying. Not only were they loud, they were swearing every other word. This happens, I understand, but any waitress, owner, or manager worth their weight in cheese would have asked the group to CHILL OUT!With the great amount of burger joints in town, cheaper and better, I'm positive I will not return to Cheeburger Cheeburger.
5	We've never been unhappy with our meals or service at Cheeburger. They boast not only a one pound burger, but you can also get a two or three pounder! They have more than 20 Free toppings for the burgers or salads, and over 1,285,000 flavor combinations for their awesome hand-dipped milkshakes and malts! Everything we order is always fantastic, and the service is terriffic!!!
4	First off, the place has a really cool 50's diner feel to it.  Lots of old posters, old time tables and pink neon lights running the top of the interior.  It would probably give me a headache if I had to work there, but only being in there for dinner made sure I didn't start hallucinating in pink.The food was pretty good.  I got the patty melt which was good, but in my opinion, the burger was simply too thick.  You couldn't taste much of the other stuff on the burger because the taste of the beef overpowered it.  We also ordered loaded french fries which were good but was a little too much since the burgers were so big.  We had to get a shake though since we were in a diner and we weren't disappointed.  I got the strawberry banana one and my girlfriend got the birthday cake one.  Both were very tasty and mine had real chunks of strawberries and bananas.I'll be back, but I'll make sure to order a smaller burger so I can enjoy the rest of the meal without feeling overly stuffed.  Enjoy!
3	This place was okay as far as burgers go. The decor is designed to give you the feeling of being in a 50's burger stand. They make milk shakes in one of those old fashioned blenders too.They have a book of people who had eaten their giant burger. I don't remember how big it was, but it was more meat than a person should eat.
4	One of the best burgers I had in my life. The list of toppings you can add is more than I have ever seen. I had grilled onion rings, tomato, coleslaw, pickles, mayo and mustard on my burger. You can also create your own milkshake and your own salad. So glad my buddy turned me on to this place. Love the old diner feel. The wait for the food to be prepared was a bit too long in my opinion.
5	Fantastic place for burgers and shakes! The staff are very friendly and kind! Everything is made to order and is fresh not frozen. Their menu has so many toppings to add to burgers, salads and sandwiches! They also have a ton of shake flavors too! I had the hazel nut shake which was so good! Love their onion rings and fries made fresh to order! So delicious!
5	I have been here several times for lunch and dinner. It has always been good This time  I had the semi serious burger, fries/ onion rings and iced tea. The burger was really good. Nice and juicy. I love that you have so many choice of toppings! Service was very good.
5	I thought this place was freaking adorable. The staff was attentive. The burgers were were good, not die hard to eat.But their shakes blew me away. You have so many options its overwhelmingly awesome. Plus who doesn't love a blast from the past with jukeboxes and pink wallpaper?!?
3	50s Diner likened to Johnny Rockets and Ruby's, but smaller and more expensive.  After a long day of moving, the guys picked up burgers and one of the best CHICKEN SANDWICHES ever.  Tender, succulent chicken breast on a great big bun.  Good big ONION RINGS and an astounding list of flavors for thick shakes!  Thankful for the HALF SIZE SHAKES at $3.99.  This place would make a good fit in an airport... except for the wait.  Eh, not so much.  Better just stay where it is and keep it to ourselves.  and on Yelp.  Very friendly and helpful staff.  Monkey will most likely end up here again.
5	Asian review:Service was retarded. The service sucked, who cares they brought me my food. I never base a review on service, it's all about the food. Where can I get super full off a burger meal? The 1lb burger was easy to put down, still hungry. No worries add a shake and a basket of fries then it's magic. I eat a lot. I never get full. I did today. Next time I'm gonna do the 2lb burger. Girls won't like this place. Especially if they don't cook and don't know what ingredients they like. You have to be crafty and know how to put your food together. It's all customize-able. If you eat like Joey Tribbiani from Friends this place is great. The only thing that makes this place worth going back is the 2lb burger. After that I don't know what's left Chee Burger Chee Burger. Do a super Spicy Challenge too.
5	Great hamburger joint! You can have a regular 1/4 pounder up to over a pounder! Over 25+ toppings. Out of this world onion rings! Awesome shakes with tons of combinations. They have a nice 50's theme inside. This has become a regular spot for me. If you are looking for a place to have a fundraiser, this is a fun and very generous place to have it at.
3	We have been going here for a few years and take friends many times because the Burgers are a great combination of build your own and excellent Firs, Onion Rings and variety of shakes and floats.What I am sick of is Mediocre service and untrained, inattentive wait staff who have no clue on how to treat customers. Our Waitress (maybe 17-18 years old) had one table, ours yet couldn't manage to find the time to stop by, refill drinks, or properly take the order as it came out wrong. She did have plenty of time to "hang" by the grill window and chat with the cooks and other staff while our drinks sat un refilled for about 7 or 8 minutes.The other waitress seemed on top of her game, but the woman whom I guessing is in charge or related to the owners or Manager are oblivious to what goes on. Yet there is always time to check your phone and text because that is more important then a paying and tipping person whom is 15 feet from your location.Who ever hires and trains these people should be ashamed but if you like a good burger and 50's atmosphere, then give it a try.
2	I'm a little disappointed from this place.  It may have been because all the hype that could have ruined it but I will give them a try again later.Basically, I came here on National Cheeseburger day and was excited to try this place out.  Unfortunately, the burger didn't have the "x" factor.  It tasted like a regular burger.  There were some positive points on this place.POSITIVE:1. Good size- it will get you full2. Free toppings- 25 toppings you can choose from 3. Nice staff4. Onion Rings were good5. Build your own burgerNegative:1. No special sauce or distinctive taste that will want you to crave it later2. French fries didn't match the burger.  It thick fries but just didn't go well with the burgers 3. Burger was not juicy I will try them again just to give them a second chance.
3	If you're looking for a good burger and your in the area head down to Cheeburger Cheeburger.  The combinations of are limitless!! You can customize your burger however you want!  one thing I like about this place is when I asked for jalapenos on my burger they actually used fresh cut jalapenos instead of the canned ones which I have had at a couple different places i will not name lol.  Also if you love Milkshakes this is probably one of the best places you can get you fix at.  with over 20+ flavors of shakes which can also be made into malts if your heart desires.  My personal favorite was the Oreo Cheesecake shake, man that was delicious!!  The staff was really friendly and had catering to every need.Definitely a fun place to go with friends or family for lunch/dinner.
1	Waitresses constantly question your choice of toppings on anything you order and repeatedly tell you "Are you sure you want to order that, other customers don't like those toppings...?".  If i get to choose the toppings I actually want, why am I getting hassled?You get your items and they are missing several toppings on the various things you ordered because the waitress pretended to write it down while she was busy berating your choices and didn't actually put them in the POS system.Even if they got the toppings correct it is pointless to come here more than once, if that.
1	I am not sure why this place has such high reviews. The food was not good. The fries were flavorless and soggy. Reminded me of old fries reheated in the microwave. The onion rings were ok but lacked flavor. The hamburger was not anything special either. Milkshake was the only thing worth having again. Will likely not be back.
4	Clever, cheap and delicious. Whether you are in the mood for a shake or malt..... Or just there to customize a burger this place is so yummy!I've gone quite a few times and probably would go more but the location is desolate and far from home!I've gravitated to the grilled cheese where I customize with veggies to my hearts desire. The burgers are great and meat really good, but I feel like the meat sometimes gets in the way of my inner child who wants to throw a hairy combinations of toppings with cheese between a bun and EAT! :)Fries and onions rings are supurb!From the outside looks like a bar and pub - from the inside looks like the diner from back to the future with all the neon lights!
1	Before I started on my journey of eating less meat, I would say I minored in finding the best hamburgers out there. So every once in a while when I wonder back on the meat path, hamburgers are my first choice. I have driven by this location often and decided to give it a try. * It attempts to have a diner feel, but the decor feels like its trying way too hard to LOOK like a diner when it looks like someones garage with a collection of diner memorabilia.* It was a slow night and the server rushed us through the order even when I asked her numerous times to gives us a few minutes please. I think the entire experience from walking in to leaving was less than 25 minutes.*The basket of fried pickles was the highlight of my meal.*The hamburgers were a big old mess of ingredients most of which ended up in the basket, not in our mouths. My medium well burger was VERY pink. In my opinion, the meat and the bun lacked flavor so much so, that I would not return. *$35 was the bill for 2 burgers, a basket of fried pickles, 2 small shakes, and 2 sodas. A bit overpriced in my burger meal experience.
5	I have been here several times and I just can't praise this place enough. The selection of free topping is extensive, you could create a different burger every visit. Plus a huge selection of different shake combinations. This place is awesome for kids as well. Mine love the fried mac-n-cheese wedges. The roll of paper towels on the table are necessary because you will get messy.
3	Like others I wasn't terribly impressed with Cheeseburger Cheeseburger. Maybe it's because of all the hype?On the plus side: They greet you when you walk in the door, the staff is very friendly, and the menus are clear with pictures of what you get to order. The meat tasted fresh. The prices were reasonable and the portions were large.The downside: They only serve medium or more done burgers. I am a fan of a medium rare burger (leaning towards rare) so my medium burger tasted medium well like there was a hint of pink (barely) and the outside was super done The french fries were burned AND cold. I will not return.
3	Had better expectations for this place, driving by it, it sounded pretty good. The burger patties lack seasoning, like zero seasoning!!! the buns needed a little heating up too. The French fries are those fresh cut types, well seasoned, the onions rings are tasty but a bit sweet.  They do have a burger, drink and/or fries, onion rings for $9.99. Pretty good deal for during the week.
3	I like the idea of this family friendly place but weve been to better.  They are stingy with their fries.  The rest of the food was average, not an awesome guilty pleasure like these kinds of places usually are.
1	Booooo. Lots of hype but I'm not sure why??  Dried up flavorless burger that was a lot smaller than the bun. Bacon was undercooked and the fries were dried up burned sticks. The only good things were friendly servers and the mocha shake. $45 I'll never see again.
5	I am really surprised by the negative reviews.  This place is awesome!!  We have been here twice now and both times were equally great.  As a fried pickle connoisseur, I can say that these are some of the best I have had and the Loaded Fries with chili and cheese are the stuff dreams are made of.  The burgers have been perfectly cooked both times as well and the topping choices are terrific!  The service is on point and the atmosphere is fun.  A definite new favorite!
5	This was an amazing experience for the family... The diner style and decor was classic! The service was superb and the veggie burgers we designed were delish!
1	Probably the worst tasting burger I've ever had in my life. The meat was bland, the chicken patty looked fake, and wasn't seasoned at all either. The seasoning on the table is the only good thing there.
4	When you decide to visit this place, be mentally prepared to be rolled out on an emergency bed. I had a serious burger with portobello fries. Can't.. move.. food.. coma.... 5' foot waitress, who looks 18 but really 21, called us out and said we are weak. lol Burger craving satisfied.
3	Kids love it Good burgers and shakesStaff is super nice and they cater to kids
4	Trying this joint for the first time love the friendly atmosphere so many choices I am almost overwhelmed but I did the semi serious burger couldn't do anything larger will let you all know how it goes when I am done devouring my burger lol
5	Twice in one week, love it here, love it that it's far away from the huslten and bustle from town and the staff is super friendly and the food is SUPERB.
4	I been here about 8-9 times already and I feel like the quality is different every time every visit varies if their busy or not , usually when their busy my food isn't at the same quality as when it is slow Overall I love the food and selection of milk shakes
3	It's really a 3.5 stars.  The service and food was good but then again I went off hours after reading that service and food was better off hours.  I had Sabrina as my server and she was very attentive without being too intrusive.  Hard to find a server that knows the difference. :-)The food was ok. The burger was not seasoned well but after sprinkling some of the seasoning salt at the table, it tasted better. And the bun was COLD.  It started to kind of break apart as I was biting into the burger. It sat there a little bit as I was eating my fries first. .. But it felt like the top bun had not been heated at all. Fries and onion rings were awesome!  But I think the onion rings were better then the fries in my opinion.  But then again I love onion rings.  :-)Overall I would come back to try it again.  It was $15 for one person... burger, fries and onion rings and a drink.  I thought it was worth it.  I just hope that next time the burger is hotter.  Next time I will come at a busy time so that I can compare.
3	I had a friend on facebook post a picture of an awesome looking, juicy Cheeburger the other day and I very eagerly inquired: "WHERE DO YOU GET A BURGER LIKE THAT?"To that she replied: Cheeburger Cheeburger.I booked marked this into my phone and then the very next day I planned with my coworkers to try this place out.The time came and we drove further than usual for lunch to try this place out.  I was so excited and so hungry, I could not wait to get one of those juicy burgers in my mouth!What followed was deplorable.Our party of 7 was greeted and seated promptly.  5 minutes later our drink order were taken. 5 minutes later our drinks were received.5 minutes later our order were taken.25 minutes later our food was brought out to our table.We were starving.  We were in pain.  We were at the mercy of Cheeburger Cheeburger.  But they were relentless in their torture for us.My friend ordered a Chicken Salad with the works and he was very full and loved his salad.I ordered a Serious Burger on Honey Wheat Bun, Medium, with Swiss, Grilled Onion and Mushrooms, BACON, LETTUCE and TOMATO!What I received was a a Semi-Serious Burger on Honey Wheat Bun, Medium Well, with Swiss, Grilled Mushrooms SANS BACON, LETTUCE AND TOMATO.  I was defeated.  I was hungry.  I couldn't complain for risk of my food disappearing another 5 minutes.  Instead after 40 minutes of waiting, our food was gone in 5.I just ate it the way THEY wanted to and finished it quickly.  Our lunch time was running out.We paid and left.  And we left unfulfilled and disappointed.  We were in awe of our let down.  We were taught a lesson never, ever to be this excited for food again...Refills were sparse.  Food was good.  If only I got it MY way and if only I had more refills and if only food could've came out faster.   When we got there, there were only 3 other tables sat. And two of them already had their food.  Were they short-staffed?  Anyway, this place was decided that it's good "on occasion" when we have extra time.  Other than that, this place can't be a frequent lunch joint for us.Cheeburger Cheeburger, what happened this Thursday during lunch? :(
3	The burgers are good but not amazing, the chili dogs aren't bad either but for me the only reason I keep coming back to this place is to keep trying more of the milk shake flavors that they have.  So far blueberry is my favorite, but I've only tried about six so far.
3	We saw this place driving by & mad fun of the name. Didn't look like much from the outside either, kind of a hole in the wall place. Finally decided to try & happy we did. Have been there 3 times since. Build your own burger kind of joint, can even choose size of meat. Made fresh, good flavor and TONS of topping options. A little pricey and the wait can be long. Cool kids meal comes in a little cardboard shaped car. Inside set up like old school diner, could be cleaned up/updated a bit. Overall good burger joint.
4	Had a serious burger craving today and just had to stop in. I love that I always get seated immediatly and the staff is very friendly and attentive without being overbearing. It's a great family friendly joint but be warned that they make the whole dining room join in on singing the birthday song. I only wish the burger were a little more juicy.
1	This burgers here are great....at being inconsistent.  I thought the burger I ate my first visit here was the best burger I've ever eaten.  Unfortunately, subsequent visits made me rethink my sobriety during my first visit.  I've had burgers that were overcooked, undercooked, greasy, dry, too thick, or too thin. Burgers are never the same.The one thing they're consistent at is service.  It sucks.  At all times of the day, every day of the week.  This last time we had to wait almost 10 minutes after we were seated to get our drink orders taken, and we were the only customers in the place!  That was the last time I go there, that's for sure.They have a large selection of milkshakes.  So they've got that going for them, which is nice.
5	Just left there and Omy it was delicious! My son did the 1# challenge and he did well! The serious burger was serious!
1	It was slow and I waited over 15 minutes for my food. I got the semi serious burger and it was bland. The same goes for the fries and onion rings. Totally over rated.
4	Great burgers and fries. Pretty great burger customization. You can pretty much make any style burger you want. Fries were great too.-Party Boy Esteban
2	Staff was nice. Food needs work.  My burger was VERY greasy. So much so the bun was soggy.
5	Awesome service. Great food. Had the 1 pounder I'm a repeat offender. Only because I had the 2 pounder twice and it hurt me.
4	The burgers are really good there you can customize it anyway you want they also do a mad insane combination of milkshakes as well. i  recommend any one to try this place once and if you're daring try their burger challenge
5	The burger was awesome!! I like the way they give you a ton of topics and you can customize it. Oh and the shakes are amazing.
3	Giving it a 2-3 as it's a cool neighborhood spot to go to for shakes and dessert, but not a fan if the burgers. I've given it multiple tries but just don't think their good, would much rather have a fast food burger.Service is good though and cute they have a burger challenge for kids.
2	I'm marking this off my list of options for burger joints. Yes it's close to home and it's pretty affordable but the taste...eh and the service, meh. That's how I feel, no words. Got the burger deal for the semi serious, I think and it came with fries and a drink for $10, not bad. The decor is fun 50's diner-ish and they have a burger club for those brave enough to eat their ridiculously sized burgers. The night I went was very slow, maybe 3 tables including mine. I asked for egg on my burger. I just want to note the EGG is FAKE. I expected runny yoke in a fried egg. Check out my pic. I should have been warned but thankfully they took it off seeing as I didn't touch it. It's an ok place that might be fun for kids but for us true foodies, no thanks.
5	Personally MY favorite place! I'm into those 1980s typa restaurants, and this is definitely the place to be. Although, I haven't tried their burgers, but wow they have the best and cutest desserts! Everytime I come in here I would always order my own customized banana split. Their servers are also nice and welcoming! It's such a cute place, it's like a flashback in the 20th century. Highly recommend!
5	We had driven by this place a bunch of times when we were moving from the NW side of Vegas to Southern Highlands. Both my wife and I are vegetarians so we thought that we probably wouldn't enjoy eating here. Boy was I wrong. This place is amazing. We ordered their grilled cheeses sandwiches. I had rye bread (which most places dont have) and she had hers on white. They were amazing. We got to choose all sorts of options and I think I went for the hotpeppers. Did I mention the milkshakes? Let me tell you about the milkshakes. This place is worth a visit just for those. You might want to throw some fries and fresh dipped onion rings in the mix too though. I can't wait to go back is about all I can say. Everyone was super nice to us and the joint has that vintage neon burger joint feel to it.
4	Have become quite regulars now so review is due. Always good tasting fresh burgers with friendly staff. Onion rings are amazing the regular fries not so much wasn't a fan. You can get lunch special for 7 bucks not bad worth the price. Minus one star for my girlfriends milk shake (chocolate cherry) being made with whole cherries with the stem still on all of them. Almost choked during  the car ride home called and informed manager who promised it would be taken care of and did take care of us well the next time we came in. Overall recommended
3	I come here from time to time for lunch with my boyfriend. Previously reviewed by Bryan M. The burgers are okay. Not a huge fan of burgers in general. The chocolate cherry shake is amazing if it's made thick and right.(not with whole cherries.. It's dangerous). I would like to try the sweet potato fries but haven't yet. Onion rings are very good. I really wish they had iceberg lettuce that's not shredded... Absolutely hate shredded lettuce. And it makes the burger fall apart. It's alittle pricey, not price friendly to go here on a regular basis. But everyone should at least try this place. Recommended. The staff is great. Very friendly and always helpful.
2	So I have now been here many times and I have to say that my previous review must have been from an amazing night here. The last few times I was here the burger quality has gone downhill significantly. The tomatoes were green and crunchy. The lettuce was white or almost white. The bread was either stale or soggy. The meat was under or over cooked. Not good. We used to come here for their amazing shakes. The last bunch of times I've been here their shakes have been lackluster. They have obviously changed their ice cream supplier. They were using high quality and now it's probably equal to off brand at Walmart. I probably won't be back!
5	Probably the best burger I have ever had!  Delicious!
1	Went again even though I had a less the appealing first experience. Service was better but my burger was still bland as were the onion rings and French fries. Even more friend who isn't a picky eater that went me this time said it wasn't worth it and we should have went to McDonald's.
5	Was hunting for a new place to try and came across here.  Choose your patty and and of the 30 toppings!  Said there was over 6 million different combinations.  Onion rings were great, from a tempura batter.  I'm not a big shake person but my friend said it was really good and I tried a bit and it was amazing!  Next time in Vegas I will definitely stop by again!
4	What a great family place to eat!  You get so many options on your burger that it's always a new experience when eating there. The shakes are my kids favorite too. My favorite is the ONION RINGS! Yum!  It's a 50s style restaurant and the interior is full of neon and era worthy furniture.I could not give 5 stars because of two issues. Inconsistent service usually good but sometimes awful. There have been a few times that there's a sewage type odor. Worth the check out though!
2	I don't think I've had service this slow at any burger place! Ten minutes to even get our drink order. Thirty minutes in and still no food.
3	I actually love everything about this place except one critical problem. The buns are probably the worst buns I know of anywhere. They are horrible, and they fall apart. I took the time to write the company, no response. I can walk there, love everything else, but cant go for a burger. sad
5	I absolutely love this place.  My whole family loves the food.  The staff is always super friendly.  The service is usually remarkable.
5	Good food and fin 50s music.   Doing the 1 pounder.  Get to have the employees cheer for me and picture on the wall if you finish it.  Game on!
4	I have dined and have done take out at this location well in excess of 75 times since they opened. This review is more of a culmination of all of our experiences or at least what we experienced.Service sometimes can be slow and sometimes it is fast, but at the end of the day all of the servers have been super nice and super sweet. They always take care of us extremely well.There have been more than a few occasions in which we placed orders online for pickup only to not have them ready or even received. While sometimes it is a bit of an inconvenience, it does happen. Who ever is working the take out section, sometimes calls to say we have received your order and etc and some don't. I don't know what the standard is for the restaurant, but it might be something work figuring out.The food is always hot and fresh. I love the idea of being able to put on whatever I want on the burger no questions asked. Being from the east coast I am used to really good cheesesteaks, and when they had one as a special for a period of time I was a little weary of trying it, but I must say that it was one of the best cheesesteaks that I have had out here in Vegas.Portion sizes on the sides are always good, more than enough to keep one happy. The only complaint is sometimes the onion rings are just way to greasy. Limited dessert menu, but the Oreo Mousse Mountain is awesome and I skip the milkshakes and etc so that I can enjoy this dessert.Overall a place worth checking out at least once.
1	I hate giving out 1 star reviews but after tonight's event I just had to do it. We ordered take out from the restaurant through their website and was told that the food would be ready at 7:40. I arrived at the restaurant at around 7:45-7:50 only to find out that the order was not ready nor had it even been placed into the system by the young lady working the to go section. She said "Oh, well we have to call you if it is over $30 dollars before we can put it into the system because that is the procedure." I looked at her and said "well why didn't anyone call me since this is your procedure. Of course she didn't have an answer to such a simple question. She then said that she would put it into the system while I wanted. Now mind you that it took 30 minutes for the food to be ready in the first place so it was going to take another 30 or so minutes for the food to be ready. I said "No thank you and walked out the door."I feel bad for the other 5 faxes that were sitting in the machine. I hope that they got their phone call or spent less than 30 bucks. I will have to say that we will not be dining with this restaurant again.
3	As soon as I checked in here I was tempted to go to the edit settings on my Yelp app to correct the spelling. Turns out that's how they wanted it. First off, do not plan on eating here if you have any kind of time restraint. We came on a saturday afternoon at about 12:15. We were expecting it to be packed since it was lunch time but the place was about 40 percent full. So we were thinking we should have enough time to get to our 2 pm appointment. Well, it took about 10 minutes before our server came over to take our order. Since it was our first time, we had some questions to ensure our order was correct.Since they are called Cheeburger Cheeburger, of course we were going to try their namesake. How it works is this. You select what size 100 percent angus beef patty. How you want it cooked (medium, medium well, or well). Pick your bun (honey wheat or kaiser roll). Pick your cheese (9 to choose from). Finally, pick your toppings (26 to choose from including peanut butter). Keep in mind that you can only have 1 of each topping and cheese for free. Any doubling there is an extra charge.So I chose a 1/2 Pound Serious Burger ($7.99) cooked medium with pepper jack cheese on a kaiser roll. For the toppings I chose lettuce. tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, pineapple, roasted red peppers, and chipotle sauce. I also added bacon for 99 cents because it is not one of their free toppings. The taste? It was just decent. The beef patty itself didnt have too much flavor. Im glad the toppings I selected all went together really good flavorwise. I ordered the half pounder because I realized that the price was only for the burger. No sides at all. I should of ordered the next size down because we ended up ordering a fries/onion rings combo to go with it.We got the medium sized Best of Both Basket (4.99) which feeds 2 to 3 people. This combination of fries and onion rings were just ok. The fries themselves were a little bit thicker than McDonalds fries but smaller than steak fries. The onion rings were really good. You can tell it was just freshly battered and deep fried because of the consistency of the crunch it produced. Dont forget you can add free toppings to these sides as well.My wife and older son orderd the 1/3 Pound Semi Serious Burger ($6.99) and chose their options as well.Service is pretty much the main reason why im giving them 3 stars. Everything seemed to take forever from the moment we received the menus. By the time we got the check to pay, it was already 1:30 so we had to leave right away.Some random info:They also have wraps, sandwiches, and salads that the free toppings apply to as well not to mention milkshakes that you can create over 1,258,000 flavor combinations from. Hours are everyday 11 am to 9 pm. They just opened a new location in Anthem (Basically Henderson) off of Eastern and St. Rose Parkway. Their biggest patty is 1 pound (20 oz before cooking). If you finish all of that you get to have your picture taken and put on the wall.Overall, the food here is decent but the really slow service needs some improvement. I can understand you cook everything from scratch since the place was only about 40 percent occupied, imagine having a full house. Then you definitely dont want to have any plans scheduled too close to a dining episode here. Im willing to try them again at a future date.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #195
1	This place blows.  Food had no taste and shake was below average for a higher than deserved price.  Johnny Rockets blows this place away and I even prefer a Denny's burger and shake for half the price
3	Was a bit of a drive for me to get here so I was hoping for a decent experience...and it was worth the drive. Good burger with plenty of toppings and make your own options. A la carte ordering, fries and sauces are not included. Excellent shakes! The fries were a little on the skinny side, not my personal fave but they were good.
3	I've heard about this place for awhile... mainly the shakes. The feel is totally one of a 50's dinner or so.   I came into town and me and my brother decided to try it out... out waitress was awesome,  gave us the low down and had a few laughs. I really like when a waitress /waiter can joke and laugh and make the evening entertaining.  The have a ton of shakes to choose from, I got the chocolate pretzel  and it was delicious!  The burger was just ok. They do offer many side to add to your burger but I've had better. I'd definitely come again, but settle for the more normal  burger add ons.
4	Disclaimer:  The only reason I'm giving this place a 4/5 is because of the staff and the restaurant itself.  The food itself gets a 3/5.The interior of the restaurant is awesome!  It's completely decked out in 50's decor such as pink walls, neon signs, classic car pictures, Elvis posters etc. 5/5The host and waitress were EXTREMELY nice.  They educated us on the extensive menu very quickly, joked around with us, and frequently checked on us to make sure were were okay. 5/5.The food.  Okay, first off, the menu is EXTENSIVE.  They have wayyy too many options on the menu.  I get it, they have 25 free toppings, however, when the waitress has to ask 5+ questions to each person when ordering, it really bring the enjoyment down.  Second,  the new wings they have, eh they were okay.  Third, The burger I built was okay, honestly nothing special.  I had high hopes for this place but was somewhat disappointed.I will be back for the feel of the diner and the awesome servers and perhaps next time I'll try something else.
