2	It's new, so perhaps Mizumi is working out the kinks.  However, for the price, it should have worked out those kinks before opening.My friend and I were there this past Sunday.  We arrived without a reservation, but were able to order from the full menu at the bar.  We ordered the tasting menu.  We explained to the bartender that my friend did not eat beef, but the bartender assured us there would be so much food, that we wouldn't even notice.  To that point, I'm not sure what she considered "so much food," but it was 6 tastings total, inclusive of dessert.  Plus, we had eaten at L'Atelier Joel Robochon a few evenings before, so we were recently familiarized with what several tastings looks like, and that it shouldn't be a problem to make some adjustments to the menu due to a diner's dietary restrictions.The food . . . the first tasting -- which I thought was an amuse bouche thrown in to greet us -- was one chilled oyster with a yuzu and champagne vinaigrette.  I thought it was tasty, but we had better oysters at L'Atelier.  The second tasting was various concoctions on top of 3 bruschetta-like bread slices, one concoction was beef tartare.  I enjoyed all of these, but my friend couldn't eat the beef one.  The third tasting was dry salmon on soba noodles.  I have never disrespected salmon in that way, so I wouldn't expect to pay for such.  The noodles had a good flavor, however.  The fourth tasting was an inedible, bloody kobe beef dish on top of a root vegetable puree (maybe turnip or parsnip) that was overly sweet.  Apart from the fact that my friend couldn't eat this dish, I found it inedible for being poorly prepared.  Part of the problem is that they forgot they had already served us the salmon and brought out more salmon.  Then they took it back to prepare the beef dish, which was obviously rushed and barely cooked.  Apart from that, the flavor was not good.  The last of the savory dishes was sushi, and I could buy better quality at Kroger.  It was sweaty fish on top of rice. The dessert was a sorbet of some sort.  It was okay, but the entire meal was an overall disappointment.The drinks here are good, however.  And despite the bartender being off-base about the courses being sufficient (or about them being good), she was nice and personable.But I wouldn't waste money on food at this place.  Or at least not the tasting menu.
5	Amazing food and a great place to take a date too.  http://www.visitwynn.com/documents/Mizumi.pdf
5	What a beautiful restaurant!! Luv the decor & the layout!! The view of the waterfalls is done superbly!! And the food, very very good! Delishhhh!!!A perfect place to take someone special!! Servings are in good portion!I enjoyed my dinner with the girls!!!
5	Loved!!!We frequent Vegas...well...we frequent the Encore/Wynn and typically eat at Wazuzu for our sushi cravings.  We decided to eat at Mizumi one night as it was new since our last visit. We sat at the front Sushi bar so we could take in the whole restaurant.  It's gorgeous with the waterfall, the lighting, and decor.  The staff could not be nicer or more attentive.  The sushi was delicious.Also, we were in a hurry as we had overslept and we were in and out in less than an hour without even having to rush...super efficient.I would definitely recommend Mizumi and will definitely be returning!
4	Mizumi is a reincarnation of Okada.  If you're familiar with Okada, then Mizumi will be no surprise to you.  The food items are the same as before so there are little differences, save the name and decorations.The sashimi is still fresh as ever and the grilled items are cooked perfectly.  My favorites included the lobster sashimi, the uni, the amaebi, the crab miso.  If you're staying at the Wynn/Encore and don't want to venture out for food, this is a good place to eat at.
3	Food was great an fresh. Service was incredibly slow.
5	excellent sushi and sashimi ...service was excellent as well...
4	Beautiful ambiance followed up by great service. The restaurant is located inside the Wynn hotel-- what more can you expect right?Japanese decor inside and out. Sushi, nigri, robata grill, and hibachi items on the menu. Ordered a few things off the appetizer and robata grill menu. YUM-O!Blackened miso cod-- delish and almost breaks down in your mouth as you eat it.Uni butter pasta - small portion, but very tasteful and rich.Sea bass - also small portion but flavorful and nearly "melts" in your mouth.Everything was great, as well as dessert. Creme brulee (never a fail) and the sorbet.
5	I absolutely loved this place. It's exactly like the Steve Wynn commercial in the cabs- they have a sushi bar, dining room, and teppanyaki style dining- the one that I tried, though I had some sushi too. The place is decked out in a bright red color with a modern theme, and overlooks two waterfalls, one of which is the one that can be seen at the nightclub Tryst, directly underneath this place. The Teppanyaki room is seated every 30 minutes so be on time, otherwise you'll have to wait until the next seating. Because of this, though, I had some sushi at the sushi bar which was excellent. The avocado was perfectly ripe, the rice well prepared, and ingredients were high quality. Everything on the Teppanyaki menu is set- it comes with a salad, soup, and mochi dessert in addition to whatever you'd like to order as your main protein. The show was good but he didn't do as many tricks as I'd hoped, and I was told by my friend it just depends on the chef you have that night. It's ideal to come here in a group of 8 so you can have the whole table to yourself, but all in all, this is BY FAR my favorite restaurant in Vegas.
4	Let me start off by saying this review is for people who don't particularly like Asian cuisine, but are forced to come here due to some type of obligation. The place is decked out in bright red Asian decor, with a lit up waterfall flowing in the background.I came here with a group celebrating an important occasion, and the guest of honor chose this place. I was a little skeptical after hearing the name, but there was plenty here for those who don't enjoy this type of food. Even though we were seated for teppanyaki style dining, I ordered the Angus Beef Sirloin and Black Truffle Teriyaki with fried rice. The black truffle and teriyaki sauce added a very good flavor to what was a pretty ordinary piece of meat. Also, I didn't think rice could be this good: adding eggs and seasoning to it, really made this side a nice surprise.   While I was a little shocked at first about the prices, the decor and the chef's performance at the table helped to ease my pain....The delicious food helped too.
4	I have been to Mizumi three times now - yum. The atmosphere is really what keeps bringing me back, but the food is great and the servers are nice enough.ATMOSPHERE: Mizumi was renovated in the past couple of years and the interior is now a lush red and gold - unless I'm losing my mind, I recall there being a large, gold fish near the sushi bar. But what really sets this place apart is the wall-size window on the waterfall outside. It's incredible. Be sure to try and sit near the window. There is even a private table outside (F&B minimum) right by the waterfall that I've been dying to have a reason to book. Someday. Kind of awkward, though, when you leave Mizumi and you have to walk by the loooooong line of guys and gals waiting to get into Tryst nightclub downstairs. Oh, well.FOOD: If you like sushi/nigiri, you have come to the right place. Robatayaki is good, but small portion-wise. Sharing is good. Try new things.DRINKS: Similar drink menu to other properties in the Wynn, but good. Nothing to blow your mind, though. Go with wine.SERVICE: Our service has varied, but the people have always been nice. Nothing to really set this place apart, but TIPS: Be sure to request a table near the waterfall window when you make your reservation. The birthday dessert (last time we were there) is a free series of mochi flavors - cute.
3	Preferred this place when it was Okada.  Yes, the menu items are largely the same, but the prices are higher and the decor is definitely a downgrade IMO.  Too many cheap, fast food Chinese restaurants already have a monopoly on the Asian red theme so rather than it feeling like a high end and upscale restaurant, walking into Mizumi makes me wonder if I'm about to be served General Tso's chicken and a fortune cookie.  But I digress.I've tried quite a bit of the sushi, sashimi, and special rolls at Mizumi and while they are good, you can certainly do better at other establishments on the strip, and even more so off strip, particularly for the price.  I miss the tasting menus that Okada offered which were actually decent value.  Since the main reason to eat at a restaurant like this in a hotel like the Wynn is the ambiance, there's really no compelling reason to dine here unless you are immune to the Chinese fast food restaurant redness.  I'm not so I won't be going back unless forced.
3	5 stars for the interior and setting. STUNNING. I got a table by the waterfall and Japanese garden. So peaceful and gorgeous. WOW. Great experience.My issue was that the sushi was actually VERY weak for the prices. I was saddened by this. So much potential!!! Now, this is a place where you shouldn't come for just sushi and nothing else, but that is what I did.If you want a great dinner and you have $90+ to spend on food only, you will have an awesome experience here. If you spend $40-50 to get some sushi hand rolls and cut rolls to sample, you will leave hungry and unsatisfied like I did.I feel sad giving it 3.5 stars accordingly. It is probably one of the ONLY 3.5 star reviews I have given on Yelp where I would highly recommend a friend try out.
3	We wanted to stick close to The Wynn so we chose Mizumi for dinner.  Very elegant restaurant with a cool atmosphere.  The food was OK - nothing to write home about.  Wouldn't say avoid it but wouldn't say it's a must-try either.
4	Wow if the owners here knows how to serve the sushi properly when patrons are sitting in front of the sushi bar, this place would be astounding. First of all, let me set something straight.... Mizumi is situated inside the Wynn Hotel in Las Vegas and you'd expect the food to be pricy and.... IT IS! One thing I can say is that this place serves the FRESHEST FISH I EVER ATE IN MY ENTIRE LIFE. I've been to many great sushi restaurants in NYC but this places fish is top notch, GRADE A like how Colombians like their coke...if you know what im saying lol. GOOD:Freshest fish I've ever tasted.Pieces are HUGEBAD:Sushi rice is supposed to be in room temperature but its a bit cold. Flavor of rice could use a ITSY bit more of vinegar.Normally when you sit in front of a sushi bar, the chef serves each sushi piece by piece but not this place. Also, the chef would brush the mixture of soy sauce onto your sushi prior to serving each piece but not this place....Overall, i'm giving it a 4 star is because of the quality of the fish and the huge portion that comes with it.
5	This is a great place to go for a special occasion. The service was perfect. I went with my uncle and he can be a little demanding. He asked to be re-seated again and re-arrange the table for the best view. We also saw Steve Wynn he was eating privately with his group on a special dinning area by the water fall. Felt bad for his body guards had to sit away and watch no eating just made sure he was protected. The sushi was excellent. The decor is stunning when you walk in on the right side has a bunch of face masks
2	average quality of food, hostess cold has the north pole, service ok, prices dont make sense to what you get, it is a no, no, no...but probably there is not much offer of japanese quality in Vegas, except Yellow tail which was much better when I went this summer
4	Went to the newly renovated Mizumi which used to be Okada and ate at the tepanyaki side of the restaurant. I loved the new decor and design. There was only one option for vegans but it was very delicious. The service was great but they weren't conscience enough when cooking our vegan meals because we do not consume dairy. The pricing was very high but overall the experience was good. Oh and it gets very warm when your chef if cooking in front of you. I started to sweat and it was uncomfortable.
5	amazing!!!! The best sushi in Vegas!! Nobu in hardrock used to be my fav, but I def have to say Mizumi is now my favorite. My boyfriend and I were just passing by and decided to try it, we had such an amazing experience from the food to the service to the amazing creme brule!! A must go when in Vegas.
5	Let me start off by saying "Chef Devin Hashimoto" understands what it is to make eating at Mizumi memorable. If you come into this spot thinking you'll order your typical katsu or hamachi sushi than you have come to the wrong place. This is a place of french and japanese fusion with some classic Japanese dishes as well. Me and my party had practically everything you could order on this menu. This I am not lying about especially in my pictures. The food was meticulously hand crafted with a taste on point. The duck is to die for perfectly cooked slightly rare with nice flavors exploding in your mouth.There was plenty of dishes that had interesting flavors blended with french flavors such as foie grau braised and seared in sake as well as short ribs and steak tar tar.The service was excellent with great attention to what was being served to the table. Every item with complete description as well as how to approach the dish and eat it properly to get the most out of each dish. Me being from Hawaii appreciated the very fresh poke with nori underneath. Nice touch as well as this gigantic lobster roll with a mix of teri and cream sauce. Very interesting rich buttery flavor as you ate the lobster with it.If you go to this spot the omakase is definately a great option but if just ordering for yourself def get the duck. I'd have to compare the duck served here to the duck served at bouchon. Last but not least the dessert with the signature chocolate mask was extremly fun to eat and interesting as a piece of art. It was a chocolate dessert with this japanese mask that was edible. Really cool! Really tasty... hahaAlright tired of typing. This is really a great spot try to grab that table by the waterfall with the $2000 min hahaha It's really beautiful.
5	Amazing! Every course is just amazing! Never thought of coming to this place but i seriously should of come here long ago. Service is great and the food is just well thought out and every bite is full of flavors. I am definitely coming back again. Never really done omakase but this is a great place for that.
5	i was a guest at this restaurant when it was okada and experienced the outside table with the waterfall with omakase. the experience was AMAZING and i never forgot this place! it was recently remodeled and now named mizumi but still has for the most part same menu and the same exec chef!visited vegas last week and made sure i made a reservation and told my friends to also join and try it out. i will say that on our table we had a wide range of people with different taste and in all EVERYONE was completely blown away by chef devin's omakase. i had my mother in law, wife and employee all from japan. i myself from hawaii and two friends from LA who are also foodies.if you come here know that it is in the wynn hotel and you should expect to pay more than your average spot. compare the price to other restaurants in the wynn or just what you pay for sushi in a hotel period and i think this place gives you so much more of an experience and is very much worth the price.OMAKASE! well worth it and the chef will make it happen! trust me!wants a little more detail on the dishes read steve's review and check the pics he was one of my friends from LA who joined.tell chef devin i sent you! lol!
4	I was a fan, but would not go back.... to many other places to try
4	This is a gorgeous place in the Encore hotel, and it does the Japanese fusion thing with absolutely the best fish, and that makes all the difference.  You'll drop some coin here, but it will be worth it.  This passes Nobu as my favorite in Vegas for sushi.
4	Absolutely gorgeous knockout decor!  Stunning!  Although the place is heavily decorated in red with white, it was quite elegant.Don't be intimidated to eat alone here.  If you're a guest and you're hungry, go for it.  I sat by the window next to the waterfall with the view of the Palazzo next door.Instead of having sushi, I had their best deal in the house - a Robataki and sashimi on the side.  My dessert was a work of art and delicious too.
5	We picked this restaurant for our "fancy night out" in Vegas and were not dissapointed.We ordered the vegetable tempura to start and although the service was SLOW (30 minutes for an app!) they comped the food for us, so that was an added bonus!One of the reasons we picked the restaurant is because it has an entire vegan menu, that is really hard to find on the strip!I got the vegan chick'n roll and fall seasonal roll- both amazing and probably some of the best high-end vegan food I have had.My boyfriend got the Mizumi roll which was A LOT of lobster! Even though the rolls are around $15-$20 each, you get 8 big pieces with each.We also got a comped dessert of mochi ice cream which was really, really good too!It is a beautiful restaurant, filled with beautiful people by a beautiful waterfall with beautiful food!
3	I only ate here once for dinner. Overall was pretty underwhelmed. I did not love any of the sushi we ordered. The tuna and taro tacos were delicious. The tofu and beet salad was pretty flavorless. Sea bass was very good. I thought it was a little hit or miss -- but some of the people we were with went the next evening and reported that they really enjoyed it....
3	Went in expecting the sushi to be amazing, but was disappointed. The rolls are good but nothing you couldn't get at any decent sushi restaurant. They were not able to justify the $40 price tag for one roll. That said, the tuna sashimi was the best I had ever tasted and ruined sashimi at other restaurants for me! It is so fresh and juicy. The black truffle teriyaki chicken was also delicious, as the truffle added a really unique kick to the typical teriyaki sauce. The chicken was, however, overcooked. Overall, decent food but not worth the price.
5	I thought this place was wonderful. The view is incredible and the sushi is cold, fresh and outstanding. We had the edamame, then the plate of all raw fishes (about 6 types) and one Philadelphia roll. We each had a cocktail and for desert we shared the spiced pear thing. I thought the fish was fresh and not "fishy" and I found the rice on the roll to be much better than most rice I've ever tasted. The desert was a little bland in my opinion, although it was pretty interesting and looked cool on the plate. You aren't going to get full in a place like this, but if you're wearing a tight dress and don't want to stuff yourself and want a romantic place to have dinner, this place is perfect. We would definitely eat here again. We found our waitress to be helpful and friendly and the food to be very good.
4	this place had pretty good food with a cool atmosphere about it.  my only critique of this place was that the sliding glass doors that go out to a patio can create a wind-tunnel effect on a windy night when the doors are closed....and it gets VERY loud.  other than that, i'd definitely go back.
5	Mizumi, like every part of the Wynn, is amazing. The staff are pleasant, helpful and truly do everything they can to make your meal a delight. But the main treat is obviously the food. Each dish was beautifully made and fresh with flavor. Dori and I are vegan and once they were told, they arrange the tasting menu special with vegan options. A perfect meal and evening. And a must visit while in town, vegan or not.
3	Went in expecting the sushi to be amazing, but was disappointed. The rolls are good but nothing you couldn't get at any decent sushi restaurant. They were not able to justify the $40 price tag for one roll. That said, the tuna sashimi was the best I have ever tasted and ruined sashimi at other restaurants for me! It is so fresh and juicy. The black truffle teriyaki chicken was also delicious, as the truffle added a really unique kick to the typical teriyaki sauce. The chicken was, however, overcooked. Overall decent food but not worth the price.
5	I really loved this restaurant.  I thought the food was beautiful and the atmosphere was tranquil.  I am also not a desert person, but their rice balls filled with sorbet are truly stunning.  GREAT.
2	Went here with a large group of girls. I'm not sure what they were called, but we were able to share cocktails in giant bowls- perfect to kick off a bachelorette. Everything else was mediocre, especially relative to the price (which was high). The scenery isn't as fantastic as it's advertised to be, and the service was not what you'd expect from a high-end restaurant.Food: 3.5Ambience: 4Service: 2
4	Ate here on Saturday night, 9:30 reservation.  I had the Mizumi roll, which was excellent.  I tried a couple Robayaki skewers and then finished with their Jindori Chicken.  All the food was prepared very well and had great flavor.  The restaurant service was a bit weak, but it was fairly busy.  Great place to people watch as there was quite the variety.  I'd go again.
2	I used to love this restaurant when it was Okada. I returned after the transformation and I have to say I was not impressed. The service was just fine, but the overall experience was not as good. All of the items I had were well done but for this price point there are better places in town. The old space felt much more Japanese to me as well. The new red and gold decor made the whole thing feel Chinese. Again, the quality of the sushi and other hot items was still quite high, although nothing was the best I've ever had. If this is your price level, you would be much better served at Shibuya at MGM Grand.
4	good food, tasty seafood pasta, best CA roll I've ever had, flavorful lobster miso soup, unique 5 spice ice cream dessert topped with pear, but very overpriced.
5	Awesome decor and design concept. Awesome japanese food ... All kinds. Expensive.
5	Pricey but liked their selection, mild flavor, and presentation...My kind of Japanese restaurant in Vegas
2	You definitely are paying for the Chef show here.  Once in a while is cool, but the food is bland here.  I cook, I know what it looks like to cook.  LOL, I guess it's great to see that the chef doesn't sneeze or spit in your food. =/   It's totally not worth eating here every single time we're in Las Vegas, because there are soooooo much better restaurants out there that we haven't even tried yet.  There is a place like this in Mission Viejo and the Chefs there are super talented.  They would even try to shoot a ball of fried rice in your mouth.  I never seen them miss unless the guest didn't open wide.  Now that is a show!
2	My wife and I recently dined at Mizumi, while on a short stay at the Wynn, and I'd like to share the experience. The ambiance, while understandably over the top (this is Las Vegas after all), was duly charming, with a large waterfall serving as an impressive backdrop to the dining experience. We started with an expensive Toro tartar, topped with a very small amount of osetra caviar and edible gold leaf (pretty!) which was well presented, and generally enjoyable, although at $45 I would not order it again. We then ordered an assortment of sushi, including yellowfin tuna, mackerel, albacore and so on, and that's where things went wrong. At best, the fish, while reasonably well cut, was a touch "dry" and certainly less than impressive.The flavors were somewhat subdued, and the preparation below what should be a relatively high standard, given the prices. In some cases, the use of Wasabi seemed excessive, hindering rather than enhancing. The rice itself was adequate, but nothing more. The service, in all fairness, was courteous and professional. We were seated promptly and treated well throughout. Had the sushi risen above mere mediocrity, my review would have been far more positive, but it did not. Please note that it is only the sushi that shaped my opinion. Perhaps other dishes fair better.
5	FOOD - 5+ Ordered the tasting menu - felt like I was on an episode of Iron Chef.  Creative, beautifully plated, and fresh (esp. for seafood where they have to fly it in).DRINKS - 5.  We did the wine pairing.  They even had a beer pairing for one of the courses.SERVICE - 5.  The server was funny and very nice!  The sommelier left the bottles at the table for me to take pics.PRICE - 4.  This is not a inexpensive meal, but it was well worth it.  Definately a place for special occasions - my favorite Japanese restaurant.Favorites:Sweet shrimp w/ foie grasRamen noodles with poached eggAdditional Notes:  I haven't been to Las Vegas in a decade.  We ate at many top restaurants for lunch and dinner, but this one stood out and was one definately amazing.  A must try, but it is $$$.  Also, we had an amazing view of the man-made waterfall from inside the restaurant, but the room was very open and as though you were outdoors.
5	First night in Vegas means that I was ready to spend some money on good food since I wasn't going to spend my money anywhere else since I'm only 20 years old.And Mizumi definitely exceeded my expectations. Most restaurants are so focused on the ambiance and the designs that they lack in customer service and the quality of food, but Mizumi is a triple threat!Started out my dinner with the Robata Platter, which consists of sea bass, chicken, and beef. And wow, the sea bass tasted delicious! It was cooked to perfection and didn't have any smell to it whatsoever. The main dish I had ordered was the Angus Beef Sirloin and Black Truffle Teriyaki. Again, the beef was cooked to my expectations of medium rare, and the Teriyaki sauce poured on top on my meat was a perfect combination. I believe it's one of the best Teriyaki sauce I've tasted in my life. I was lucky enough to make reservations a week before I arrived in Vegas, which allowed me to sit right in front of the Wynn waterfall. It definitely added to my experience, getting to dine in front of such a beautiful view.Complimentary Mochi and fresh fruits and a birthday candle since it was my friend's birthday :)
5	Really some of the best fish, sushi, and experience we had in Vegas. It was so good we went twice in 1 week. The menu is pricey for some specialty items but the fish was so fresh. Will return.
3	It was okay, the scenery and atmosphere are nice. Super expensive $80 per person not including the expensive drinks. I was not disappointed with any of our food but I was not welmed either. I did like the strong drinks that made you forget you where getting screwed (price wise).
2	Even though the restaurant was empty, they hostess let us know that the only tables available were the outdoor tables by the waterfall.  They had a minimum of $150 pp, so we figured we might as well splurge on a meal and get the tasting menu.The service was great, as were the drinks.  The food definitely did not meet my expectations.  Perhaps the fish in Houston is fresher, but the food at Mizumi just didn't do it for me.  They asked if we had any food allergies, and I told them I was allergic to peanuts.  Since I couldn't have the dessert that was part of the tasting menu, they brought out sorbet for me (and charged me for it!!).
5	"The Best Tepanyaki Ever!!!"The chef was one of the best we've ever had the pleasure of watching him cook some of the best food. No matter what he prepared it turned out tasting as good as it smelled. Will definitely return. If you want to try something exotic try the Hibiscus Tea...wow is what describes this wonderful drink which actually includes a piece of Hibiscus. Visited July 2013
5	My husband and I just loved this restaurant - top notch Japanese, gorgeous dining room with view of gorgeous zen garden and waterfall, and terrific service.We tried a variety of dishes, with our favorite being the robatayaki (great recommendation from our server).  We tried several robatayaki items - wagyu short rib, onions, sweet potato, cod - all awesome!  We also had yellowtail sashimi, a beautiful cucumber and seaweed salad, and lobster beignets.  The desserts topped a fantastic meal off - the chocolate candy bar confection and mango sorbetThe service was outstanding and contributed to a memorable evening.  I highly recommend asking to be seated in front of the window that looks out on the waterfall and garden - just makes the whole meal even better!  Best to be second row from window so you get the full view.
4	yes.. omakazi please.. i think thats spelled wrong.. but yes.. it was good..  =)ill be back for sure
5	I was running out of ideas as to where to celebrate my birthday since I celebrate for a month so, I reached out to fellow Yelpers and Amanda suggested Mizumi. A table was reserved and off to dinner with the family we went. Tables for two had the best view of the waterfall but we were right behind them so we still had an unobstructed view. Perfect for date night.My favorite things include: truffles, pork belly, duck, Nutella, sushi, lobster, steak, bacon and mushrooms. Pretty much everything on their menu had my favorite things which made deciding difficult but yet enjoyable for me. My sister got the Ishiyaki Duck Confit Bibimbap - great crisp duck pieces with egg, veggies and the usual Bibimbap toppings. Great dish with a bit of a kick. My bro-in-law got the Baked Sweet Miso-Marinated Black Cod - came with lotus chips. It was alright. I got:The Dream - champagne, elderflower liqueur with preserved hibiscus. A sweet fruity drink.Lobster Beignets - small soft fried doughnuts filled with lobster. Reminds me of takoyaki and I love takoyaki. 5/5Mizumi Roll - lobster, tamago, avocado, yuzu mustard aioli, soy paper topped with wasabi tobiko. Very beautifully plated with the lobster head and Yamamomo peach. A good roll. 4/5Pork Belly - grilled perfectly. Comes with spicy pickled veggies. It has a Korean taste. 5/5Bacon-Wrapped Enoki Mushrooms - two of my favorite things combined! Enough said! 5/5Wagyu Short Rib - skewered with potatoes and topped with wasabi horseradish cream. Great flavor. 5/5Yellow Corn with Black Truffle Butter - 2 pcs grilled corn on the cob with a generous dollop of black truffle butter. Watch the butter melt...oh my! 5/5Bacon-Wrapped Asparagus - vegetable (tightly wrapped with bacon) makes me think I'm eating "healthier". 5/5Our server, Bojana did a fantastic job. She called me by first name, was very sweet and attentive.  I got a complimentary birthday mochi in green tea, mango, vanilla and red bean.  But I can't leave here without trying their other desserts.Coconut-Mango - coconut mousse, angel food cake and mango passion fruit sorbet. I'm a fan of mango but not coconut so rating this dessert would be unfair.Mizumi Chocolate Mask -  White chocolate mask, HAZELNUT dacquiose,  CHOCOLATE mousse, praline puffed rice and vanilla ice cream on the side. OMG! One of the best desserts I've ever had.  Definitely the highlight of my evening. Break the creepy-looking white chocolate mask shell with a knife to reveal the chocolatey hazelnutty goodness of this dessert. So creamy but not overwhelmingly rich. The puffed rice adds texture.  I cleaned my plate and the only thing  didn't eat was the white chocolate base that was holding the mask - only because I'm not a fan of white chocolate. Without a doubt...5/5
5	Im just not sure how you can do better!   Bravo!  Is it expensive?  Hell Yes.   Is it worth it?  Hell Yes.   Becomes quite the place to be around 7:30-8:00.  My Yelp :  All around best sushi place in vegas!   Don't miss it.
2	The ambiance is really nice- I really love the waterfall! The service was also decent. The part I wasn't particularly impressed with was the food. For the price it really wasn't worth it.
4	Very good Japanese option at the WynnMy wife and I were staying at the Wynn and were overwhelmed by the dining options.  However, Mizumi seemed like a great option for both of us.  Located off the lobby of the Wynn, Mizumi is beautifully decorated and overlooking a gorgeous waterfall (man-made).  The udon noodles with shitake mushrooms was quite good and a nice way to start the meal.  My wife had the duck confit bibimbap and enjoyed it although she found the gochujang (chili paste) to be too spicy.  I had a selection of sashimi that was very good.  My wife raved about the sour cherry shaved ice.  I had some very good ice cream to cap off the meal.Overall, Mizumi at the Wynn was quite good offering a range of sushi, robatayaki, and teppanyaki dishes.  If you are staying at the Wynn and are looking for Japanese, this is your best option.
5	I came to this restaurant thinking the food would be overpriced and mediocre. well, it was not mediocre. my boyfriend and I ordered the Toro tartare, 72-hr braised short ribs, lobster miso soup, yellowtail sashimi, tuna sashimi, king crab sashimi, salmon egg sashimi, and an order of the grilled shisito peppers. The toro came out first and was perfection. buttery fatty mild yet fresh. then came our sashimi and soup. the sashimi must be the freshest I have ever had in town and I am a local. miso soup is miso soup. nothing spectacular on that front. now, the short rib! boy, I don't have enough to say about how amazing they were. The presentation was...forget it. Forget the presentation. The fucking meat was so tender I felt I could have given it a glance and it would have fallen apart. I didn't want my shirt rib experience to be over truly an eat-with-your-eyes-shut-type deal. I am telling you. Get it. Your wallet might regret it but your taste buds won't.
5	Went to Mizumi located in the Wynn for dinner. Loved it and would definitely go back in the future.Pros:- Loved their seared foie gras. It was very well cooked and it isn't too often nowadays to find seared foie gras due to the ethical issues going on.- They have a man made waterfall with a pond right outside of the restaurant that you can view through floor-ceiling windows. Pretty cool and makes you feel very isolated from Vegas. There is seating on the deck next to the waterfall but you probably have to make a special request for that.- Excellent salmon sashimi. The fish was very very fresh. It was not chewy when you bite into it and the salmon just tore apart easily while retaining its shape. My girlfriend and I always get salmon sashimi whenever its offered at restaurants and this is one of the best places we've had in a while.- Miso cod was great as usual. Sweet and perfectly flakely.- I really enjoyed their cherry shaved ice dessert. A great light dessert with a great balance of sweet with the condensed milk and acidity with the cherry.Cons:- Service was just slightly slower than I would have liked but not a big deal.
4	Nice place with an eclectic style inside. I had Sushi, the specialty rolls were amazing with a great presentation. Fabulous! This place is high priced! I would not recommend this place for anyone who is looking for something more affordable. The sushi ranges from $20 for a roll of 6 pieces to $110 & although the specialty rolls are yummy $85 for one roll is outrageous! If you have the money to spend then I recommend this place. I could definitely see myself going back to try the teppanyaki grills.
1	Sorry, but I have to disagree with all the reviews on here. Upon walking in the restaurant my first observation was their decor. It was corny and stereotypical. It was like they were trying to make every square inch of the place as Asian & Japanese as possible... just in case you forgot you were at a place called MIZUMI.We were a large group of 11 people and ordered almost every sushi and roll dish on the table, including the mizumi special roll. Nothing was memorable.. Just mediocre.  I've eaten at nobu and morimoto which were exceptionally better. Even the dessert chocolate cake was dry and unappetizing.The service was another disappointment. I normally don't like to comment on service for restaurants because I've always held food taste to be of highest importance. But, when the poor service means I don't get my food, we got problems. Getting a waiter to help was worse than hailing a NYC taxi cab on a rainy Friday night.  We were looking around for a server and they deliberately avoided eye contact and ran the other direction. It happened multiple times. When we didn't receive our sake order 30 minutes in to our dinner we asked to speak to the manager. The woman was completely indifferent about our comments of the lack of service. We left with a $1600 bill and completely unsatisfied. We frequent Vegas often and enjoy eating well. This is one of the few LV restaurants neither I or my 10 friends will ever revisit.
1	Worst and smelliest sushi I have ever had in my life! We were a party of 9 and ordered just about every kind of roll and sashimi they had and didn't like one thing.
2	Overpriced sushi and extremely small portions. Not worth paying all that money for mediocre sushi you can get at any other sushi place.. The only thing I liked about this place was the waterfall scenery and the decor.
3	Not bad. Decent sushi. The duck bim bi bap was good. Extra half star for having Orion at the bar. View of the waterfall is cool if you're into that sort of thing.
5	Stayed at the Wynn for the first time. Vegas restaurants are often overpriced and they are certainly often not justified by their meals. I was quite impressed by this spot!!!The drinks were all both creative and delicious. My friend really liked the Mizumi cloud! I enjoyed my Blushing Berry drink.All of the meals were delicious:Duck confit bibimbap A sashimi dish I cannot remember the fishPork belly skewersChicken skewers Cucumber and seaweed saladThe tiger rollAnd 2 amazing desserts Mizumi was listed on Eater.com and it deserved its spot! More people should come here.
2	I thought I was going to be fully impressed with this place. The ambiance and service are 5 star all the way. Staff here is superb and attention to detail is there. We tried about everything on the menu from the Robata side, nothing here was all that impressive. Tried some of the sushi, and living in Miami with better seafood in general I always find the seafood and sushi in Vegas to be pretty poor at best. This is a source or handling issue, and it continues at this establishment. We also tried many of the hot plates, and most were better than the rest of the food. The brussels were out of control good, we actually ordered another one. Prices are extremely high, but it was a business meeting and I was not paying, if I were I wouldn't come back here, the food just isn't where it needs to be. I'd select Nobu over it for something in Vegas of similar style.
1	First off the ambiance and service are 5 stars without a doubt. As far as the Food, I have to say by far the WORST and MOST OVERPRICED SUSHI EVER.  We walked in and were told the restaurant was booked for the evening so we had to eat at the Bar.  They did thought about 30 minutes into our visit find us a seat, that was greatly appreciated.  I am a True Sushi Lover and always like trying new places, we ordered the Edamame with Truffle Oil, which was $10, also a Rainbow Roll for $28.00 thought it would be the best roll I had ever had, disappointingly the fish was so cut so thinly I thought it was worth about $8.99 and they didn't ever put masago on it, we also ordered a Chef recommended Scallop Roll for $30.00 we had to send that bad it was so bad.  We had a Philadelphia Roll for $12.00 that was the nights winner!  We also ordered the Miso Cod, for I believe $30.00, it was bland,  I have had better in places that only charged $9.00 and Lamb for $40.00 that didn't even have decent sauce, I have had better for $12.00.  Overall the food quality was OK but nothing to write home about.The restaurant has a huge glass wall that overlooks a massive waterfall outside, the only highlight of our night, we took some wonderful pictures.  I would highly recommend having a couple $15.00 beers and taking some great pictures on the terrace in front of the waterfall but do not waste your time eating this overpriced crap.My wife and I typically drop about $100.00 to $150 on sushi a few times a month and eat and drink at least double what we had here, and most importantly we enjoy the quality and presentation else ware.  If you are looking for Quality Sushi visit the MOzen Bistro at the Mandarin Oriental.  If you are looking for good pictures grab a couple drinks here and save your money for something better.if you are a Seafood Lover I would Highly Recommend AquaKnox in The Venetian Hotel.
1	Bottom line: poor quality for value - less than average food for an incredibly high price. If you want good sushi in Vegas, go somewhere else!We had the salmon box sushi customized so it had to have been freshly made but it tasted like it was prepared earlier. The rice was too cold - like it had just come out the refrigerator. We also had a salad like dish with chicken imitation meal that we were promised had a great taste with quinoa.... It tasted like fake frozen meat you'd get at a supermarket. We tried to give the waitress hints that the meal was less than satisfactory but she didn't seem to care.
3	Set at the sushi bar. Ordered starter Seaweed salad and sushi. Surprisingly the sushi was prepared in good time ahead of the salad. The sushi tasted great. Unfortunately the salad never arrived so had to cancel. This would be not acceptable for this caliber restaurant, hence my rating.
1	You get what you pay for?not in my case.After walking around the Wynn and looking at their different vegan menus. We decided to settled at Mizumi. The food was completely bland. The tofu was very bad. It seemed like the chef just pour soy sauce over four mini tofu cubes. Unremarkable. The Miso soup appetizer was nothing especial. The gardein chicken was good but could have been better for the price. Extremely overpriced. On the positive side the service was great.and the view of the waterfall was beautiful.One star because for the price paid, we could have had a remarkable culinary experience.
5	Lead by Executive Chef Devin HashimotoBeautiful views/ scenery of the private gardens, koi pond and waterfall located inside of Mizumi. We had a beautiful view of the waterfall. Total excluding tax & tip came out to roughly $321 for 2 adults. I've mentioned this before, call us crazy but when in Vegas we always have a "Second Dinner" so we skipped drinks etc. for this meal so we can have it at the next restaurant. Ordered a sashimi platter for our appetizer $55...it was simple & delicious. We had the Chef's Omakase (like a prix fixe menu/ chef's choice) Which was $125 per person.First CourseAma Ebi, Caviar, & Garlic Crisp ChipSecond courseSeared Scallop w. Yuzu topped with thin slices of nori,Duck Confit Taco, & Takoyaki filled with LobsterThird CourseMentaiko pasta topped with a perfectly poached egg & nori strips (Absolutely divine!)Fourth Course Braised Short Ribs, seasonal vegetables, & fresh Wasabi mousse Fifth CourseChefs selection of Nigiri (Consisted of: Fatty Toro, Uni, Giant Clam, etc.) Sixth Course Dessert - A coconut mousse with mango/passion fruit sorbet.Mochi Ice Cream tasted extremely fresh. The mochi wrapped around the ice cream was just perfect. We had to squeeze in an order of Ama Ebi (Sweet Shrimp) nigiri for the both of us $16 -- mmm you can never go wrong!Overall, We thought the food was delicious and beautifully served, the server was great and very accommodating, and the atmosphere was fun and intimate. I am anticipating that we'll return in the future.  *I just wanted to add that we went for dinner without any reservations and the friendly host seated us immediately, but they were indeed packed, (didn't see any tables available), so it's probably safer to make reservations ahead of time.
2	I went here for dinner on Saturday night and was incredibly disappointed.  I come to Vegas a few times a year and have eaten at many of the higher end restaurants with this being a place I wish never to return to.  I figured it would be a safe bet since we were attending Le Reve after dinner.  My sister and I sat on the Teppan side and I have had better and less expensive meals at smaller chains and even Benihana.  The view of the waterfalls were pretty, especially at night.  The service was ok, our server was friendly..  but the meal...  Ugh!  My sister chose the tofu and gardein meal while I chose the chicken.  The meal was so incredibly salty, it was almost inedible.  I think we each drank 3 glasses of water and didn't even finish or get close to finishing our meal.  The chicken was so overlooked, it was almost dry and difficult to eat unless you dipped in a sauce or drank a gulp of water after. I heard the tofu and gardein were cooked well, but again VERY salty.  I have had a variety of good and bad meals at Teppan restaurants and for $65, I expect that you are not going to mess up a chicken breast.  I can do that at home for about $7.  The vegetables were cooked well, but again, a bit on the salty side.  The only bright side to this meal was the dessert.  The little gelato with crumble was delicious.  The little lemon cheesecake was ok..  Nothing special. It took forever for someone to clear our plate and I am assuming this was because our plates were nearly full.  I remember the chef's name but I am not going to be mean and call him out because he was a nice guy who was a bit on the entertaining side.  I really wish I had decided to go to Carnevino instead... This place gave me the worst birthday meal... Ever.  For the price and location, I expected perfection or something close to it.  Incredible disappointment.
1	I have eaten at many fine Japanese restaurants all over the United States.  Without question this is the most overpriced worst of all time.  We are at the hibachi portion of the restaurant.  The shrimp appetizer were the baby shrimp you find in a salad.  The cheapest of the cheap.  They mix them with greens.  After they're cooked they are so small you need a magnifying glass to find them. It was so unappetizing.  They then cooked the main course and because vegans were at the table they served them before cooking our steak.  They offer two steaks sirloin and tenderloin.  The waitress warned me the sirloin was tough to chew.  I ordered it medium rare.  It was impossible to chew as I had to spit it out. It was $70 for the poorest quality of meat ever.  My companion ordered steak and sea bass for $95.  The sea bass was not but rather some cheap fishy tasting clone.  The quality of this food rivaled Golden Coral.  The price at this sorry excuse for a restaurant is triple the highest price Japanese restaurant.   The waiter was not friendly and does not put on a show like other Japanese restaurants.  Even the salad was bad and without ginger dressing.  In all honesty McDonalds would have been a step above.   Avoid at all costs.  Just a tourist ripoff
1	Terrible:( We decided to splurge one night during our Vegas adventure on food and that this would be the place. We got seated fairly quickly but then it went downhill from there. Took 10 min to fill our waters by a water server, still no waitress. 20 min into waiting a waiter comes and says he's not ours but will start us out. We went ahead and ordered food and said we were not sure on what we wanted to drink. An hour after that still no sushi or a waiter so we asked the manager for help. He said he would check on it yet we watched him and he never did. About 20 min after that we got our sushi, it was not impressive. We had to ask for our check... So basically $150, 2 hours later we left very sad and still hungry. Definitely not how I was expecting to spend our money or our precious time on our vacation.
5	WOW. If you can afford it, this place is incredible. Hands down best sushi and teppanyaki we have had, and the ambiance is amazing.
4	Excellent sushi! The rest of the menu is a little hard to figure out - the side are mixed in with entree size portions. We had to ask a lot of questions to figure out the menu, but the waitstaff was very knowledgeable and helpful. Sushi was fabulous! Crispy brussels sprouts were unique and delicious. Wagyu shirt ribs were quite good but a small portion. Desert was also good, especially the pomegranate shaved ice.
4	LOVE this restaurant. The food, atmosphere, drinks and service are great. I recommend the scallop tataki roll and the salmon crunch roll. I was not a big fan of the beef tacos. Overall great service. I defineitly plan on returning.
5	Blown away.  100% must order the spicy tuna with avo soy paper hand rolls - best EV.  The brussel sprouts are also delicious.  The staff is very kind and were willing to make off menu items.  Great service.
5	The Restaraunt is amazing!  We tried the oysters, edimmome with black truffle salt, the  lobster miso soup, spicy tuna roll and the cod. Delicious! We got a table next to the waterfall and it was breathtaking. Would go back!
1	Not a very welcoming staff, place is ok but way overpriced. Seating by the fountain is $125 minimum in drinks alone? Do I have to get so drunk that I can't walk anymore just because I like the fountain area?They wanted us to wear a jacket? What kind of nonsense dress code is that?Dine someplace else for a more pleasant dining experience, try Botero around the corner, staff there are much more pleasant.
5	Outstanding sushi with a memorable view and excellent service.  Everything I tried was some of the best I've had in my life.  The shrimp and vegetable tempura were lightly battered and cooked to a crispy perfection.  The assortment of the vegetables was nicely varied.  It was the first time I had a beet in the tempura ensemble.  The sushi was absolutely fresh and well presented.  The traditional nigiri pieces (tuna, salmon, tomago, hamachi, etc) were all perfect but the one that stood out was the toro.  I have never had such nice pieces of toro before at any sushi place.  The jidori organic chicken, grilled on a skewer under the robatyaki section, was nicely cooked, tender, and well seasoned.Obviously, this meal will not be cheap so if you're looking for a value, do not bother.  If, however, you and a significant other want one of the best sushi meals with great service and outstanding food and view, you'll want to give Mizumi a try.
4	This was our second visit to Mizumi and this time we had a nice table by the waterfall. We had a late dinner reservation but we were assured we would not be rushed through our tasting menu and they did not disappoint. Each course was accompanied by a sake pairing or wine in some cases. the sashimi here is amazing. as is the kobe beef. We had oh toro topped with gold caviar and kobe beef from the only place certified to sell it on the strip, or so they claim anyways.. the service and the food are top notch here. if youre a sashimi lover, you must go here.
5	Everything was impeccable, from the service to the setting (which is stunning) to the sushi, and ohhhhh how good the sushi is. I got a Philadelphia roll, scallop roll, and albacore sushi. Each piece of fish melts in your mouth like butter, and the presentation is clean but beautiful. What else can I say about it?!
4	Came here for a group dinner with girlfriends... food was delicious! Service was a bit slow but we weren't in a rush to go anywhere so it worked to our advantage. I had the bimbimbap and it was utterly delish and also had a french martini (also yummy). I would totally go back.. loved it!
4	Overall delightful dining. Except for organic farmed salmon sushi ( which was removed from the bill, thankfully) each course was delectable. Spicy salmon tacos with orange bits & avocado were delectable-miso cod was perfectly paired w/tiny pickled veggies; coconut lemongrass tart w/roasted macadamia nuts & macadamia ice cream was just short of WOW!
5	Wonderful experience! The service is friendly and professional and the food is sublime. The restaurant itself is exquisite, request a table with a waterfall view and enjoy
1	We came to this place, expecting amazing sushi.  I mean, we're in Vegas, the food is expensive and the atmosphere is pretty nice. this must be so damn good sushi right?Well the service here was great.  The atmosphere was romantic and a very great view.  But truth be told the sushi wasn't any better than sushi we've had at other places.  Even the barbecue chicken wasn't spicy and not very flavorful.  I think all this place had was the name but no substance.I wouldn't recommend anyone going there.  I'd recommend finding an off-strip restaurant with lower prices for the same quality.
5	My husband and I had such a wonderful anniversary dinner.  It is pricey but the price is so worth it (what do you expect you're at the Wynn so you expect pricey but the best quality!!) Everything we ordered was 5 stars, not one dish was a disappointment.  We started off with the beef tataki and shiromi usuzukuri.  I loved that each piece had their fresh ingredients on each piece of meat and white fish. With my chopsticks I could easily pick up the beef, yama wasabi, frisee and garlic chips dipped in the ponzu, place in my mouth and loved how it just melted in my mouth.  The next course was the mushroom fava bean salad.  This salad turned my husband to a salad lover.  He said if all salads tasted this good he would eat it more often.  All he had to say was , "wow".  He would normally let me have the salad, but this case no! I was upset that I had to share this salad. The next course we enjoyed the king salmon sushi and pork belly. Both were small portions ( thank goodness) because we still more food coming.  Both were amazing! The belly melted in your mouth and the king crab makes a sushi roll tastes so much better! I can never go back to eating a California roll with imitation crab! The next dish we tried we were so surprised we liked.  Its called Mentaiko Spaghetti with a poached jidori egg. The sound of the dish didn't sound appetizing but we were told some come to this restaurant specifically for this dish and one person eats two of these in between courses- now I know why! All I know is after my first bite I said this is just amazing! I wanted to keep eating this dish and ask for more! Our entree dishes we ended with the miso black cod and catch of the day! I was so full but the food continued to be amazing!From our view of the waterfall, great service, a meet and greet with the chef, made it a perfect anniversary! If you are looking for great culinary experience, let Chef Devin cook for you! You won't be disappointed!
3	With high expectations, we arrived at Mizumi to celebrate our anniversary. We were seated at a table with a beautiful view of the waterfall area and our server was incredible. She was attentive and sweet and definitely made our anniversary dinner special. I had researched the menu in advance and also read through all the Yelp reviews for suggestions on what to order. We decided on a few different items, both from the sushi and robatayaki menus. We started with the Mizumi roll and I was a little disappointed. All the ingredients sounded great together but the taste didn't live up to the expectation. It just didn't taste as fresh and flavorful as I had hoped. The lobster was a little chewy, but the rest of the ingredients seemed on point. My fella had raved about this roll, having been the Mizumi before, so even he was let down by it on this occasion. The brussel sprouts were good, albeit a little overdressed in balsamic vinegar. I still loved them. The highlights from what we ordered were probably the rice balls, pork belly, bacon wrapped enoki and another roll (I can't remember the name for the life of me) that I enjoyed a lot more than the Mizumi roll. I've had better versions elsewhere, but these were very tasty. My least favorite items were the sweet potatoes, shishito peppers and eggplant. I rarely meet a shishito pepper or eggplant dish that I don't enjoy, so these were particularly disappointing to me. We ended our meal with the Mizumi mask dessert. I had low expectations for this, since I mostly ordered it expecting it to be a good photo op over actually enjoying the dessert. It was tasty, but definitely nothing amazing. It did have a wow factor as far as presentation goes, though. Our anniversary was great, mostly due to the fantastic company and excellent service, but the food was just ok on this visit. I am interested in trying more of their menu options another time, but I'd likely skip most of what I ordered during this dinner. I have no idea if we just arrived on an off night, but I'd likely give them another whirl in the future.
5	We came to Mitzumi to celebrate my wife's birthday. It was a very special occasion and we thought we would try a very special restaurant. On entering, the hostess asked us if we wanted to sit right by the waterfall. We would have to wait about 5 minutes. We felt it would be worth it. Sure enough in under 5 minutes they had our table ready. It was an unobstructed view abutting the floor to ceiling glass window. Within 1 to 2 minutes of being seated, the waiter came by for our drink order. We each had a cocktail. We started with the meal with an arare roll. Each piece of this cut roll was melt in your mouth delicious. Undoubtedly the best cut roll I have ever had. Next we had the SA plate. This consisted of about 10 pieces of very fresh raw fish, mostly tuna and salmon. Again very fresh and succulent. We finished by getting another cut roll,  the tataki roll. This was very different than anything I have had before. But in a very good way. We were far too full to even look at the dessert menu. I will return to this restaurant when I have another big event to celebrate (too expensive for routine dining for my budget). The price is steep but certainly worth it. The service is as good as the food. Kudos to Anthony, the waiter, and Paul busboy.
4	Staff is very friendly and service is great.  Would suggest avoid making reservation for the weekend or peak dinner hours, most likely wait a while for food and drinks.  It is a bit pricey but food is amazing! Would suggest anything off the sushi menu (never had any roll here tho),  kurobuta pork robotayaki, miso cod and the teppanyaki of sea bass and Waygu is heaven!!
5	This place has the best green tea I've ever tasted. The sushi is very fresh and cut just right. The oh toro is like butter. This is one of the best sushi places. I've tried the entire menu because I have been here many times with my entire meal comped. Items that stand out to me are: lobster roll, Kobe beef ribey, nigiri oh toro, giant clam,  the sashimi lobster. It can be very expensive. My tip, not covered by comps, usually range 100-300 for 2 people.
4	Always top choice for my Japanese cuisine. Good for business dinner, celebrity special event. Raw fish is fantastic.
5	Mizumi was fantastic!My wife and I had reservations somewhere else, but after watching La Reve, we didnt really want to leave the Wynn. Instead, we dropped by Mizumi and had an amazing time. The front desk was so accomodating, perhaps because it was a Monday. They seated us in the 2nd table in from the waterfall and the view was still AWESOME! The entire night, both of us were completely mesmerized. Drinks:The Mizumi Cloud was absolutely awesome! It has actually inspired us to play around with lemongrass in our cocktails. This was really the best find of the night. Food:As for the actual food, we ordered a handful of things. Pork Belly - I was expecting something a bit more, but was a little underwhelmed with this dish.Scallop Tataki and Crispy Shrimp roll - This was awesome! The scallops were very delicate and the jalapeno added some very nice heat, which I love.   Baked Sweet Miso-Marinated Black Cod* - was also really tasty. They also gave us a free platter of the ice cream mochi because we had just gotten married. Some were hit  or miss, but overall, a pretty interesting dessert. Thinking back, the service was a bit slow, but between the view, the food, and the company - I was having a great time. Highly recommended!
3	Place is ok nothing to brag about I think the okada was a lot better before this place opened in its place. With so many good local places off the strip to go to I would not go back.
5	Had reservation at 9.45. We had to rush out quickly to celebrate a friend's birthday. Tom from Mizumi at Wynn accommodated us with the fastest and the most incredible service possible. We are definitely coming back for a more relaxed dine in experience next time. And will definitely ask for Tom again!
5	Great atmosphere in the wynn hotel right beside the waterfall. Great japanese food. Superb service. Romantic atmosphere was a lovely night out!First off easy reservations online through opentable. Theres a dress code too. No flip flops and men must wear shoes and pants. Luckily our hotel at the encore was just a few minutes walk and the hostess said she would gladly hold our table until we come back despite it being fully booked on saturday night. Plus we were seated dead center in front of the waterfall.Atmosphere is dark and dramatic. With deep reds glistening from the ever beautiful waterfall that reminds you of an oasis in the desert.First off we had the tuna tartare. It was really fresh and tasty and every bit was goobled up in no time. Yum. Authentic japanese tasting with the absolute freshest ingredients.  Next kobe beef on a hot plate. This was not cheap. It was a splurge but it was a fun experience. It came with 5 tender slices of meat. That u place on a literally hot as hell hot plate and dip into a sauce. It was hardly worth it bc of the small portions but the fabulous experience was quite fun. We also had some sashimi, assorted tempura and some sushi. Dessert was a tasty mask of chocolate which was kinda difficult to eat but was very pretty and tasted great as well.All of it was melt in your mouth fresh and tasted amazing. this place makes great japanese food with an amazing atmosphere. We enjoyed every minute of our experience. Service was attentive and fit for a queen. Only deal breaker was the high prices. But I guess eating in a beautiful restaurant has its costs. So if you want to impress or splurge...this is a fantastic experience that everyone would enjoy.If you want to spoil yourself come here. The amazing food is delicous.
3	Overpriced. Overrated. Nice ambiance & service.  I don't mind paying the extra money for exceptional food, however the food was nothing special to justify the overpricing. I guess because it's Vegas they can get away with it...There is also a $125 minimum price per person to sit outside near the waterfall, which I think is absurd to charge a minimum for that.
4	One of my favorite restaurants at the Wynn! I used to be a frequent visitor of this restaurant when it was Okada and just came here for the first time after the restaurant became Mizumi. I realized that a lot of customers now enjoy their traditional Japanese food, but I am such a big fan of teppanyaki, I couldn't help but sit at the teppanyaki tables!Between a party of two, we shared:Oysters: Half a dozen of really sweet and fresh oysters! Oh Toro, Chu Toro, Giant Clam, and Sweet Shrimp sushi - everything was amazingly fresh. I personally though the Oh Toro was too fatty for my taste. I will be sticking with Chu Toro and normal Tuna from now on. The sweet shrimp sushi was amazing. They usually have live amaebi as well, where they fry the heads, but they ran out that night. =( One of my favorite sashimi is lobster sashimi! We got a whole lobster of sashimi and it was seriously too much food for two people! It came out in a wonderful presentation and it costed $98 for 1.5 oz! For teppanyaki, I don't think much has changed from Okada.  A lot of the chefs have worked there for close to 10 years. I have tried the Kobe beef before, but this time, I just got the Surf and Turf. I believe it was $145 per person. It came with a lot of steak and lobster. There were two options for beef: either sirloin or tenderloin. I personally liked the sirloin better. The beef was really tender. There was SO much food. We basically took an entire order of the Surf and Turf to go. MY FAVORITE PART WAS THE FRIED RICE. SOO GOOD!! For drinks we got the Mizumi Blue and Sinatra Smash, both were amazing!
4	Gorgeous setting for dinner. We made reservations for the teppenyaki table in the back. There were a few other couples at another table, but we were sat off on our own with a great view of the water features! They were just finishing up too, so we ended up having the whole room to ourselves by the end of our salad course!Note, it is a LOT of food. Patti had the chicken, and it was 2 huge breasts they chopped up on the hot table. Crazy amount of scallops too. They could serve half and you would still be STUFFED.Great table show from the chef. Wonderful dining experience!
4	I have to say, my experience here was well looked after.  I called earlier in the day to reserve a table near the window for a view of the waterfall.  When I arrived I was sat at a table across from the window seats, after I asked to be moved next to the table, they quickly accommodated me.. The service was great, the sommelier was also informative of correcting my mistake ordering a half bottle of wine instead of a full.  I was also able to order a moderately priced ($200-vegas moderate lol) bottle of red wine and enjoyed it.  Moving onto the food. I started with yellowtail sashimi with jalepeno jelly.. This was the best version I have had of this "common" sashimi dish. There was so much more to it than other places, especially Nobu. I say this place should make everyone eat this first! Next I ha to enjoy the king crab from the robanyataki. This was a very light, tasty, dish, definitely not filling but extremely satisfying dish. The sommelier had recommend this dish earlier, so we knew it was going to be divine! We also paired the robanyataki mushrooms  during this course as well.  The next course I chose the hot pot soup with a white fish, scallop, prawn and crab. It was very light, not much flavor from other sources besides the seafood and lightly salted. Again, it was small and pricey, but well worth it! Lastly, I had the 1.5lb king crab with ponzu butter sauce.  Out of this world!  The robanyataki infused charcoal flavor paired with the citrus butter was to die for.  It Created such a new and interesting flavor profile I can't even describe it in words, just something I can highly recommend.  Overall, this was a thrilling experience in a Japanese restaurant. I had a much better experience here than over at Nobu in Caesers Palace, and also paid the same amount $400 plus tip for two. Definitly a must try for an open budget, daring date!!
4	4 stars for the decor and service, 3 stars for the food. The restaurant is completely stunning, and I will definitely come back during the warmer months so I can grab a table outside by the waterfall. I ordered a few pieces of sashimi, nigiri, and the oxtail fried rice. Everything was solid, but nothing to go crazy about. It is pricey, but the experience was lovely.
5	5 stars! I have been to Vegas over 20 times and always thought the food scene was overrated, until I ate at Mizuni. By far the best sushi on the Las Vegas strip - we ordered a couple of pieces of salmon and snapper - they were very well cut. We also ordered the Tuna Arare and yellowtail scallion rolls - both were amazing. The Japanese mushroom pomegranate  salad and vegetarian miso soup were delicious as well. The honey toast desert perfect. The service is what you would expect from a high end restaurant - I had allergies to shell fish - the chef came and spoke to me and mentioned they would separately wash all the utensils again before preparing my meal to avoid contact. One of best places to take a date on the Las Vegas strip. Getting a seat by the waterfall.
5	Before having dinner at Mizumi, we had been somewhat disappointed in the hype of Vegas restaurants. This place blew every other out of the water, some of the best sushi I've ever had. We started with the Japanese mushroom and pomegranate salad, which was served warm. It was delicious, and I wouldn't mind eating it in a daily basis. We ordered the spicy tuna arare roll, which was the highlight. It had a perfect amount of crunch, and the flavor was fresh and balanced. We also had the yellowtail scallion which was a simpler roll, but again showed the fresh quality of the fish. We ended with the honey toast that was also great. At first we were a bit overwhelmed with the honey taste, but it paired nicely with the Asian pears, brioche pieces, and brown butter ice cream. The service was phenomenal. I would eat here again anytime. A must for any future Vegas trip.
4	Love this place!!!Their decor is beautiful and the view of the waterfall is breathtaking. The service is great. Our server was Tom and he was really funny and approachable. He came regularly to check up on us and the bussers were very attentive. They literally refilled our drinks even before we asked them to. The food is good. I was told that you can tell if a sushi restaurant is good by their spicy tuna and Mizumi's is pretty good. And I hate it when they use fake wasabi so I was pretty pleased to see that they used the real kind. -Lychee Cocktail (not the sake one) smells incredibly and I was scared that it might be too sweet, but nope. Its good. -Sushi plate has a great variety of sushi if you want to try different kinds. They brought me a oh-toro (the fat delicious, melt-in-your-mouth goodness)! So kind of them bc normally bring out the chu toro-King crab handroll. Now this, I highly recommend. YUMMMMM. Im getting HANGRY! -Scallop roll? I forgot the name :/ But I also recommend this. It is so fresh and delicious and you get a nice surprise crunch. The textures made this fun to eat. -Spicy tuna is worth trying -Honey ice cream bread thing? I forgot the proper name for this too:/ but if u take a look at the menu, youll know what im talking about. This is a bit too sweet and honey-y for me. Def worth a try!! It is next to the Wynn registration desk.
5	During my birthday vacation in Vegas, I was in search of a good restaurant with vegan options for my birthday dinner.  One of my vegan friends told me that Mizumi at Wynn was incredible so I went with her suggestion and I'm so happy I did.  It was definitely a night to remember! As I walked into the restaurant, I was amazed at the beautiful decor.  We were seated at a table with a view of the breathtaking outdoor lit up waterfall.  It was such a gorgeous setting for dinner.  As far as the vegan options, the back page of the menu listed the items that we could choose from.  The only minor issue we had was that we tried to order vegetable tempura and asked if it had egg and the server explained that it can't be made vegan.  I was a bit surprised that they could not make vegetable tempura with no egg as I've had it before at other vegan Japanese places.  But oh well, everything else we ordered made up for the minor issue.  My BF and I decided to share everything and we ordered vegetarian miso soup, organic tofu and shinseki pear salad, vegetable roll, ishiyaki bi bim bop, organic agedashi tofu, farmer's vegetables, and organic eryngii mushrooms.  Everything was excellent and I could really taste the quality in the food.  The rice in the vegetable sushi roll was perfectly prepared and none like I've had in any sushi place,  My BF and I could not stop saying "mmm, mmm, wow."  We were both in heaven as we tried every dish.  My favorite dish was the organic tofu and shiseki pear salad which had romaine lettuce, shiso, carrots, seaweed, kukui nuts and yuzu-ginger vinaigrette - very fresh tasting and I loved the flavors.  For dessert, we had the vegan organic shiseki pear tart and the lychee sorbet - both also delicious.  They even brought out a candle and Happy Birthday written on a piece of dark chocolate on the sorbet just for me.  As far as the service, it was top notch!  All the food was brought out in perfect order - miso soup and sushi first, then salad, then bigger plates.  We never had to wait long for our food.  The servers were very attentive and they even refolded your napkin when you got up to use the restroom.  Beautiful ambiance, incredible food and superb service.  Definitely a memorable birthday dinner! I would love to come back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	I love this place! Me and my best friend come here regularly we can't get enough of the hand king crab roll ( I think that's the name lol). The blue mizumi drink is my absolute favorite you have to try it! Sean is always our waiter coincidently but he's great too! Excellent service, beautiful view, and great atmosphere. Everyone is so friendly.
3	Definitely a good restaurant. The atmosphere is a bit simple when compared to the pictures. The 'wow factor' falls short. Maybe better in the summer when the doors to the waterfall are open. Service seemed nervous. Food was very good but a bit overpriced for what you get.
