4	Being a huge sports fan I have found that the only down side to living here in Vegas is the lack of professional sports. Yet I am happy that we do have a AAA team here. I have been bleeding Dodger Blue since birth so I am happy about the fact that I can at least watch our AAA team the Las Vegas 51's play. Cashman field is a great escape on a summer day to take in some baseball. The seats fill about 9,000 and the view of mountains across the way is great too. Food isn't too bad here either..unfortunately there aren't any Dodger Dogs but the chicken fingers and fries are pretty good....lines go very quickly which I love. The spicy Brats are my fav. with extra sauerkraut and peppers!! I would rather be at Dodger stadium any day but I guess it is better to have something rather than nothing at all!! :-)By the way...every month or so they run a special dollar beer night!! All the Bud Light and Bud heavy you can drink for a dollar!! Now that is what you call a baseball game in Vegas!!
2	i really dont like this stadium. its the worst stadium ive been to and ive been to about 10. It has that cookie-cutter feel to it and the outside of the stadium looks like a large buiding, not like your going to a ball game. the bleachers are by far the most uncomfortable. where your ass goes its shaped weird so you cant sit up straight, you have to actually slouch to be alitte bit comfortable and you have not elbow room at all.
5	Home of the minor league Las Vegas Area 51's!  I finally went to a game tonight, and I can think of three reasons someone might want to go to a 51's game:- Fun, cute crowd with a lot of beer buzzed jocks- $8 tickets, easy parking, central just off 95 near downtown- games usually after dusk so it's not too hot- did I mention the crowdI expected it to be sort of run down and ghetto (for some reason) but it was not.  It was fun.  They were playing the Portland Beavers.  And yes, the 51's pounded those Beavers mercilessly.
2	Hey, it's baseball...We went to the 51's game on July 3rd for the following reasons:-Real Dodgers were supposed to be doing their rehab stints during this game-It was $1 beer night-FireworksSo, who knew that everyone in Las Vegas would have the same idea as we did? It took us an hour to get from the freeway offramp to the parking lot. Drivers in Las Vegas make drivers in Los Angeles look  sane and polite.$1 beer in Las Vegas is not unique, however, I spent most of the night standing in endlessly long beer lines. People were getting beer and then drinking it while standing in line for more beer...and it was not even that cold. No real Dodgers played in the game...and the 51's had their asses handed to them by the Salt Lake Bees.The fireworks kind of sucked.The seats are metal benches...not too comfy, especially if you are sitting next to someone with a huge ass.Overall, it was baseball. On a normal night it is not crowded at all. I have had better minor league experiences, especially at the Lancaster Jethawks games.
5	We really enjoy this place. They have great cheap ballpark snacks, tons of giveaways of really cool stuff, You get to meet & greet with all the players and mascot plus they will sign all your stuff for you and every seat in the house feels like front row at a pro ball park.$1 beers too
3	Cashman Field is chill.  I was there for two Cubs vs White Sox Spring Training games in two days - a night game and a day game, so I pretty much got a full experience at Cashman over the weekend.The stadium itself is pretty cookie-cutter.  The bleachers are not all that comfortable, so I'd try to get a field seat or a plaza seat, which are individual seats.  I imagine they would be easier to get when teams like the Cubs aren't playing.  With that said, the general admission seating in the left field grandstands aren't bad, and the view with the mountains in the distance is AWESOME.  I would choose the grandstands over the bleachers any day.  They have chairs up there and platforms with step-up levels for stadium-style seating.I just may have to make the Cubs vs White Sox Spring Training weekend an annual thing, as long as they keep playing there!Oh yeah, the games had great back-and-forth action and the Cubbies won both!  GO CUBS GO!!! ;D
2	I went to the Chicago Cubs vs Chicago White sox game here! Cubs win! It was a pretty fun time it was really really windy this day like the teams had brought the wind to Vegas with them. As for the stadium it's a minor league ball park home for the Toronto Blue Jays triple A team. Las Vegas 51's I was not impressed I'm judge this place of it being a AAA minor league stadium and it's vegas you think they would have something crazy nice since they want a real pro team there, From were I was sitting Right Field you couldn't even see the whole score board, and that's the one and only place to see the score and inning. And the game I was at didn't have $1 beers, I thought food and beer was major league ball prices.
4	I typicially love everything about minor league sports.  The crowds are smaller, the competition is good, the players aren't sitting on multi-million dollar contracts, and it doesn't cost you an arm and a leg for seats, parking, food, and drinks.  This venue is no exception for the minor league triple-A baseball team Las Vegas 51s.Cashman Center (there's also a convention center and theatre in addition to the field) isn't in the greatest part of town (just north of downtown), but I felt very safe in the all-encompassing facility.  Parking was $4 in their parking lot, and tickets are anywhere from $9 to $20.  I think we paid $14 for seats about 10 rows up from home plate.  We walked around and chilled in the bleachers for a bit too, and they are much less comfortable compared to the reserved seats.  Still, there's really no bad seat in the house.Definitely a mix of people here (old, young, families).  Monday was $1 food (hot dogs, peanuts, pretzels, popcorn, and crackerjacks).  Beers are $5.50 for domestics, and it was nice to see they offered some Gordon Biersch's, Longboard, etc. for $6.Saw a couple home runs. a grandslam, and the manager get ejected for arguing with the ump.  Solid experience, and can't wait to come back to check out their $1 beer night.
4	Why does no one make a bigger deal that we have a baseball stadium here in Las Vegas?It's behind the Neon Sign Museum and next to the Natural History Museum.  All this time, and not any significant peep of its existence.It's a small stadium, they don't have individual seats like in a major league stadium, but it's still very nice.  They thing most prevalent in Vegas is the "it's the thought that counts" mentality the locals get when it comes to non-Strip entertainment.  Either it's half-ass and kind of meager, but you can at least say we have whatever locale, or they really make the most with what they have.  This is a latter situation.I found the stadium to be clean, in a good location (next to museum row), the food service was good, people were friendly.Of course, it doesn't hurt that the 51's won on their June 3rd outing, but they really put some heart into the field with all the hokey music, the between innings games, and their mascot.  I can't really fault anything.  Of course, $1 beer night doesn't hurt matters, either.Seriously, Vegas needs to get its priorities straight.  I've visited Vegas for 8 years, and lived here 2 1/2 years, and I never knew this place existed.  That's not to say that I'm the defining measurement of all things that happen in Vegas, but you'd think I would have heard of something by this point in time.  I'm sure tourists wouldn't mind knowing what's up either.Nice field.  I could go back again and have a good time here no problem.
4	I started going to 51's games about two years ago. After living here for 10 years, I figured it was time to support local sports! The stadium is very cleans, staff is very friendly, concessions are lower priced than an MLB games and a good variety is offered. Various Monday home games are $1 menu nighta where you can score hot dogs, pretzels, popcorn, Cracker Jack, and peanuts for a buck each! Thursday nights are $1 Budweiser beer night, light or regular. There are also giveaway promotions throughout the season, blankets, bobbleheads etc.Great family fun, but I won't take my son on dollar beer night again. It got a little rowdy, and the language was a bit harsh for my liking. You quickly learn the little musical clues that require a shout or clap. All in all, come out and support local events!
3	I came here with my husband and mother-in-law and her husband around May, to watch a baseball game. We were seated in the general area (no cover at all) so I ended up getting heat stroke after a little while (yes, it's very real). I went to the bathroom (did not feel so good- light headed, sick feeling in my stomach) and lingered a while in the shade- my husband came upstairs. I didn't want to go back into the heat. It was then that I found out that I am pretty sensitive to the sun's ever powerful rays. We never did that again. It's not something I want to revisit.The stadium is a little old and is ok but it could use some revamping. Too bad Oscar's term is over. But then again, he did want a new stadium built somewhere in downtown or near The Strip, so that idea is out. Nonetheless, this is a great family thing to do with the kids, if you can stand the heat. Anyway, because of the circumstances, you can certainly understand why I did not have a good time here.
2	The outfield fence is very tall when it doesn't need to be; move the wall out and shorten the height.You can't bring in food.  This is the only ballpark I've ever been to where this is the case.  To add to it, the food options once you get inside are very unimaginative.The grass is always half dead, even on opening day.There arn't enough windows for buying day of game tickets / will call.Metal benches are very uncomfortable.  You would think that after 30 years you would eventually upgrade to seats.Don't go on dollar beer night.  The douchebaggery is at sky high levels.
1	Do you want to know why the Las Vegas 51s are no longer the AAA Minor League affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers?  Do you want to know why after eight years they jumped ship from Las Vegas and headed for the Albuquerque Isotopes?  Do you want to know why our new affiliate is the Toronto Blue Jays, a team over 1000 miles away from Las Vegas and in another country?Look no further than the decrepit, dirty, and just plain awful Cashman Field.  This ballpark, opened in 1983, is one of the oldest ballparks in Minor League Baseball, and while age has its charms for certain major league ballparks (Fenway, Wrigley, Dodger), it doesn't work here, and by comparison, makes Sam Boyd Stadium look like Cowboys Stadium.  The place is old, outdated and uncomfortable.  Sight lines are decent, but that's only because the place is so tiny.Parking?  Parking is confusing and sucks, and not only that, you have to PAY for parking!  For the kind of place Cashman Field is, not only should parking be free, they should pay you as a way of saying thanks for seeing their crappy team!  Paying for parking at a park like Cashman Field to see a team like the 51s is insulting in itself.Promotions?  Their most popular one is Dollar Beer Nights.  This also attracts the most people, but if you have ever gone to a night like this, you will realize that the majority go just for the beer and not the game.  The lines for beer are very long, and it was comical to see people chugging their beer literally in the concourse and then going back in line.  Game?  What ball game?Area?  The field is in the armpit of Las Vegas.  Reno by comparison not only has a new park, but it''s in the middle of a thriving downtown area.  Not only is there nothing to do near the park, but you'll want to leave the area, fast.  Be careful if you come here at night.The team?  The Dodgers bailed as soon as Albuquerque built a new ballpark for the Isotopes, so now the only team willing to play here are the Toronto Blue Jays.  Hard to have interest in a team a thousand miles away!  And while the 51s have always been a subpar team even with the Dodgers, the Blue Jays minor league players introduced a level of suck that is literally out of this world (the 51's slogan).  There is nothing good about Cashman Field, and unless you literally have no other options for family friendly entertainment (on non-Dollar Beer nights), there is no reason for you to go here.  It's sad though, because Dan Logan loves his team and has tried for over a decade to get a new ballpark, but until the city gets money or is wiling to build a new ballpark, Cashman Field will remain one of the worst Minor League Ballparks in the country.PROS:Family Friendly on non-Dollar Beer Nights.CONS:Old, Decrepit, crumbling ballparkDouchebaggery on Dollar Beer NightsIn the armpit of Las VegasHorrible Team and an affiliate of a team 1000 miles away.Pay for parking.The Verdict?  Needs a wrecking ball.
3	Ahh....51's baseball.....my family and I have been coming here every year to watch the 51's play a few games.  We love to watch minor league baseball and Cashman Field is a decent place to watch a game.There is really no bad seat in the house.  We've sat in every level and corner of this place and not once did we complain about our seats.  That doesn't mean this place is perfect though.....here are a few things that prevent this from being a 5 Star experience:- Parking.  I hate that most of the parking is located 100 ft above the ground level in an elevated parking lot.  Yes, there are some lower level spots, but 1/2 of those are reserved and the other 1/2 get taken very quickly.....so it's not worth driving all the way down there.- Food quality.  The food options here are great....Nachos, Philly Cheesesteak Sandwiches, Bratwurst, Polish Dogs...etc.  However, half of the time they're not cooked properly (too cold), or the Bread/Chips taste stale.  I wish they could get this together, because when it is on....it tastes great.  It's failing in the execution somehow.- Post game traffic management.  There is none.....which means the parking lot is a free for all.  At least the Thomas & Mack have people directing the traffic post-game....here, everyone just makes a mad dash for the exit and of course everyone turns into a road rager because there's no respect for each other.  A few off duty cops working the exit would help this out tremendously.Overall, we enjoy the games here and will come back again.Return Factor - 90%
1	I went here yesterday for a spring training game between the Cubs and Doggers.  In addition to my previous review I have few more issues with this stadium.This was a major event.  A sellout.  This sort of thing only happens a handful of times a year at cashman.  There was absolutely nobody directing traffic.  Nobody at the 95 and Vegas blvd.  Nobody at Vegas blvd and Bonanza.  Nobody at Vegas blvd and Washington.  I don't expect to not wait in traffic.  But I do expect a minimum amount of event planning when this event has been held for countless years and I pay double the amount of what a spring training ticket should cost.In addition to nobody directing traffic, there was also no security or no ushers once we arrived 30 minutes late.  Security is needed because there are dogger fans.  Everyone knows that dogger fans are classless and typically carry weapons.  Nobody checked my bag when entering.  I didn't pay ridiculous ticket prices just so I could be stabbed by a thug.  Ushers are needed because apparently people from Las Vegas have never attended a baseball game.  Lots of people sitting in the wrong seats.  Lots of people going up and down the aisles while a player is batting.  This shouldn't be happening.
4	First off, I guess I should admit that I am probably only here once or twice a year - for the big league games. But how completely and totally awesome is it that the Cubs (one of my favorite teams thanks to my grandfather being from Chicago) play here in Vegas almost every year? And ok, they play other major league teams (White Sox, Dodgers, Reds, etc.) when they're here. But it is so great to be able to see a classic baseball team in this nice, little stadium.Like most stadiums, you basically have three levels of seating - behind home plate, under the upper deck (a.k.a. no sun); along the first and third baselines (a.k.a. work on your tan); and the outfield (no bleachers or anything, just grass - a.k.a. bring a blanket). And the prices are quite reasonable, especially for seeing major league teams.The food and beer options aren't big league level, but they're quite decent. In fact, I would say better than most minor league stadiums.The stadium itself is in a nice location. It makes it easy to make a day of it and do the Natural History Museum, Old Mormon Fort, Neon Museum, Fremont Street, etc.The parking isn't as convenient as say the Strip (there's no valet here), but it is definitely easier than say Wrigley Field or really any stadium or arena. It's a walk, but not bad (no further than some of the walks from parking garage to middle of casino). Though, it would be nice to have some staff giving direction to the traffic as everyone is trying to leave.Overall, Cashman is great. And I really should get my butt down here more often and maybe actually take in a 51s game.
2	This poor baseball field needs a facelift in the worst way. I have been to over 20 Minor and MLB parks and this is one of the worst I have seen. After Reno getting a new stadium the 51's should really push the issue on this. The seat are really old (meaning half broken) and the bleachers type seats need to go. The other issue is that in a city where parking is free everywhere why do you have to pay here? I would much rather use that $4 elsewhere in the stadium (look at Spokane where parking is free).I do enjoy baseball a lot and would look into season tickets if the stadium made some modifications making the place more comfortable and maybe even some type of shade on the seating.
4	It was my first time to Cashman Field and it was pretty fun!! It was $1 Bud night so maybe that helped a bit. Anyways, the tickets for the game were super cheap so I was happy about that. It's a small field so pretty much all the seats have a good view of the game. I'm used to HUGE baseball stadiums with nose bleed seats where it looks like ants are playing the game, so it was pretty awesome to actually read the name of the players' jerseys and know who was up at bat next. All in all, a very fun night! Go 51's!!
3	All I have to say is: What the heck Las Vegas?Cashman Field is an okay place to catch a ball game. I highly recommended throwing down the very few extra dollars it will cost you to sit behind home plate. Unless of course you're really wanting to catch those foul balls. But seriously, 2 bucks for a decent seat instead of a bench is worth it.But really Las Vegas? We can't upgrade our baseball stadium? It's just a bit bigger than a high school baseball stadium. Sure, it's okay, but why can't we do a little better? Las Vegas is a huge city - it deserves a better ballpark.Overall this is a good time. You must endure the families and the kiddies, but hey, it's a baseball game, so you have no choice. Food choices are meh and of course the prices are outrageous for what you're getting, but again, I digress - baseball game!Fun times though and I enjoyed myself. I would be afraid to go when it starts hitting those 90+ temperatures though.
3	Being born and raised in Las Vegas, I grew up going to Las Vegas Stars baseball games here back when they were owned by the Padres and were still called the Stars in the good ol' days lol. Saw my first ever baseball games as a kid here in this stadium, it seemed a lot bigger back then. To this day I still enjoy swinging by with my wife or buddies to catch a ballgame and just relax in the warm summer nights with a cold Dr Pepper and hot dog mmmm. Games are as good a deal as ever with two for one tickets for Club Ride card holders, and with Dollar Menu Night on top of that you can't go wrong! (Dollar menu night is for hot dogs, popcorn, peanuts, cracker jacks, and pretzels.) Tickes are nice and simple $20, $14, $13, $10 I believe is what it is. Easy access off the I-515/US-95 with Las Vegas Blvd or I-15 via Washington, or ride RTC Transit route 113 or 208 to get dropped off right in the cultural corridor and skip the traffic and parking fees. Sure the nae may be a little cheesey, but if you live in Vegas for any amount of time you've got to swing by and enjoy a night out at the ballpark in the summertime for a great deal. Can't beat a $10 baseball game Triple-A or not!
3	In rating a stadium for our Triple-A baseball team, its not too shabby. I was here many years ago and have noticed they have made some much needed  improvements. It looks much better than I remember.The only other baseball field I've been to was Dodger Stadium, and well its impossible to compare.Cheap seats, great promotions. Parking was painless too, $4 and I didn't have to hike to get to the stadium.
4	We need to realize that Las Vegas is not a major metropolitan market and that the 51's are not a MLB team. So why we have expectations of Dodger Stadium-like facilities is beyond me. Really, Cashman Field is pretty cool! There's tons of parking, there are a few entrances and exits to make it accessible, and they have tons of ballpark food options! Sure, everything is over-priced, but that's what happens at these places!On my last trip here (CMYE!), I caught a 51's game. The place was moderately empty, so parking was a breeze as was grabbing a beer ($1 beer night!). The bathrooms were clean, which is a major plus for places like this. So, why do I seem to love this place so much and then just give it four stars instead of 5? It doesn't seem to knock my socks off with anything. I mean, I thought everything was good, but nothing was great. I'll continue to come here for games and other events!
4	I attended a CMYE here to watch the LV 51s (Toronto AAA affiliate).  After reading up in advance about the stadium being outdated, run down, etc. I was very pleasantly surprised to find a facility that was clean and in good repair.  Sure it is no Chase field but I found it to be a good venue to watch a game.  I noticed there was a group of folks tailgating before the game even though it was about as hot and humid as Vegas gets.  Food and drink was reasonably priced.  Restrooms were clean and not worn out.  I would definitely come here again.
4	Twice a year, this place is my go to place for great craft show.  This year I come with my mother in law.  There is always coupons in the paper or go on line and print it off.  This year, the great harvest festival was a hit, I picked up a lot of unique items and enjoyed seeing everything, some for ideas of my own and others just to look at their craftsmanship.  My mother in law picked up a couple of handbags that were handmade with  great skill and prices seems reasonable.  She did have a hard time walking the whole thing, the sitting seemed to be at one end and since she is in her 70's, it would have been better had they split the booths in half and put the tables and chairs in the middle, I think more people would have been able to enjoy the show better.This venue is great for not only craft fairs, but other types of  shows, everything from gun shows to career fairs.  Oh and the field is great for watching a Triple A baseball game as well.
5	I love this park and the crowd is amazing. Im from Omaha and their fans dont show up so to see a full ball park and fans who are actually watching the game is amazing. I will be a season ticket holder this year! After the cubs game though I have to remind people to only get up and walk around during breaks/between inninhs. Its the decent thing to do
3	I'm spoiled. Having spent the last 16 years near Lake Elsinore, home to the single A Storm where they really know how to make baseball fun for the fans. Thus, I had high expectations for AAA 51s.  The disappointment kicked in when I saw the ugliest mascot in baseball.  I hope Aliens don't look like Donkeys.  Not only that, the mascot hardly circulates the crowd and barely does anything exciting in between innings.  The pizza mascots are more fun. The food is mediocre even for baseball stadiums and the prices are not very good.  The heat makes it unbearable in the summer and although we have good fortune to have great seats inside from a great friend, there is something wierd about watching a game behind the glass where you can't hear the field sounds.  Still it is baseball and I love baseball.  The 51's are decent this year and have some good prospects and familiar faces.  You can't keep me away from baseball but I wish the management would remember the fans need some reason to stick it out in the heat.   There isn't even a play area for kids.Not to mention that the average cost here is the highest cost of any minor league stadium.
2	I'm a HUGE baseball fan and really love going to minor league games.  I so want to love this place but it's small, the food leave much to be desired and the prices are high.I come from Southern California, home of the great minor league teams (Lake Elsinor Store, Rancho Cucamonga quakes and a team I can't remember in Victorville).  You'd think a team in Vegas would have it all...the team name is GREAT, mascot..Eeww creepy and lame.The 'press' box seating is pretty cool if you want to sit inside out of the Vegas heat but you can't hear the crack of the bat or feel the voice of the crowd!!I'll only be back cause I love baseball...but honestly I'd rather drive to Victorville and get the Real baseball experience where the fans are the focus, where the food is a local art and your closer to the action!!
4	I went to my first 51's game on Thursday, May 17th and I can't wait to go back!I purchased 15 tickets to the 51's game for my office get together.  I called the group sales line and they said that I needed to purchase 20 tickets to get the group rate- which is $1 off the seats.  To be honest, I was a little surprised they didn't offer to give us that rate, as I receive TONS of phone calls soliciting my company to purchase tickets.  We finally decided to and no specials?  However, the guy on the phone said that he would get our name/logo on the huge board when they welcome groups that come to the games!  Very cool!I got our tickets in the mail with a free voucher for a hat.  You could order parking tickets for $1.00 off a head of time, otherwise its $4.00 at the gate.I asked Josh (the sales guy) to get us tickets in a shaded part of the stadium not knowing how the day would turn out.  We had AMAZING seats!  We were in Plaza12, row T.  This is behind home plate, under the awning with the misters.  Perfect!!  These tickets were $13.00 per person.I booked tickets for Thursday since it's $1.00 beer night!!  Note: The lines are long for the dollar beers and they only give you 2 beers per person.That day was CRAZY windy, but once inside the stadium, you would have no idea that there were 50 mph winds that day!The 51's got tore up by the Memphis Redbirds but it was a great atmosphere and cool people.Parking was a breeze to get in and out.  And tailgating is encouraged as long as you don't have open flames.Will definitely be back!
4	This time I'm here for a 51's game, parking isn't good, it's a bit of a hike, ticket line long and moving slow but the smell of rosin and peanuts are in the air and I'm getting excited to see them play.Tonight's game was exciting, extra innings, OT and the 51's pulled it off!  I love going to a game with my hubby, it's a thing we share together.  Since it gets so warm during the summer, we don't always want to go, the temperature and sticky heat makes the close contact with the chair next to you miserable when it's crowded.  So we catch the games in early spring and it's not that bad.
4	Cashman Field, home of the 51ers.Man they subpar (and that's putting it lightly), yet you can't help but adore them the more you attend games. They're like the Cubs a.k.a. "The Lovable Losers" of the Minor League; They always lose, never make it to the World Series (or whatever the championship is called for the Minor League), but the fans never fail to embrace them as their very own. Maybe they did win a couple of championships, I really don't know. But in the end, it doesn't really matter because ultimately I'm just going there to have a good time.On most nights they have $1 beer and the food selection is baseball-certified with hotdogs, chips, and nachos. The stadium seats are arranged nicely good views are everywhere in the ballpark. I love how there are so many foul balls and the anticipation of catching one is worth the trip in itself for me.In between innings are some crazy things like racing, spin around the bat, hula dancing and the like. They give away cool prizes and it's nice to see the martian alien mascot. I wanna say Las Vegas has some of the best sport mascots man: UNLV with their mustache man and the 51ers with the alien are some of the most bizarre and unique mascots I have ever seen.If you have a friend in town or want to have a casual discussion, I think attending the game is a great idea. There will never be an awkward silence because the game is going on, and you can equally have deep conversations because nothing too eventful is likely to occur (except a double-play here and there by the opponents, ouch!).Great for families, friends, or maybe solo. Whether the 51ers win or lose, I will be attending again for sure.
3	Man they gotta get some fans in this place. Or they should've enclosed off more seating in the AC.  They have a $1 beer night and a $1 hot dog night, it's fun! The kids really seem to like it. The people watching is top notch here, like don't worry about the baseball game, look around you there are some INTERESTING characters here!!!!I wish they had more food selection and definitely more fans.
4	I enjoy going to the game because of the atmosphere. The 51s are not such a great team, but it's fun to watch with people. My son, sometimes family from out of town come...it's cheap, clean, easy and entertaining, esp for families! The food is not expensive (compared to movies) but paying for parking sucks! But they do have fan giveaways (bags, t-shirts, jerseys, hats, etc. etc. ) which are always nice.
4	No parking fees, you can sit on the grass, helpful attendants! Great place to enjoy a ball game!
4	We went for the opening game yesterday and for the Girl Scout night.  First, there were only 2 bad parts to this ballgame. 1: I found that parking is not free, its $4.00 and the smallest bill they take is a 20 and you have to pay cash. 2: Traffic is ridiculous. You would think Metro woud have better crowd control.  We sat on the off ramp of the 95 to Las Vegas Blvd for 35 minutes just trying to turn right, so be prepared to remain calm and watch for people turning right from the lane next to you, pushing your car off the road or just trying to ram into your car.  The food prices seemed ok. Hotdog (Hebrew National I think) was really good, it was 4.00 but we had planned on going back up to get mustard on it after we dropped the drinks off at our seats, but it was so crowded we ate it plain.  The best soda deal was the souviener cup for 5 bucks. Peanuts were 4.00 and my daughter says they had the best grilled cheese (which I think was 4 or 5 bucks).  What I didn't know was that you can bring your own food into the park.  Also, there are lots of opportunities to catch a foul ball so be sure to bring your glove.  One guy was lucky to have bought popcorn cuz thats where one foul ball landed.  There was a great fireworks show at the end.  Overall, I would say it was pretty cool and fun for a good family night out.
5	What a great place to see a game. Nice stadium. Concessions are reasonably priced and so are the tickets.
4	Ran out of promotion really early, saw people leaving with 6 items by themselves. Only complaint. Weather was perfect, game was entertaining. Good mid inning entertainment. Definitely had a good time!
4	I have been to several MLB fields across the country and for triple A, this field had everything that a baseball fan could need:*easy in/out parking*food and drinks-(I heard the clubhouse restaurant is pretty tasty).*wholesome family fun*comfortable seats*an amazing view North Las VegasTickets and food prices were fair. Although $4 to park was a bit steep in my opinion. A big plus was the amount of police officers that were present. I felt very safe before, during, and after the game.
3	It was fun since I hadnt been there since I was like 19! :-) good fun. It was a bit dissapointing that there wasnt a lot of local support, but I had a blast with my group and they had the cleanest bathrooms for a stadium!!
4	What's not to like about a baseball park with palm trees?  Cashman Field may have a few years behind it, but it's still a good place to see a game.Parking is easy whether you park on the hill or in the area parallel to the convention space.  Parking is $4 which is a bargain for most places.The proximity to the freeway makes it easy for most people to arrive/leave from the ballpark.I am a fan of Cashman Field.
4	As far as AAA baseball fields go it's right on par. No special frills but everything you'd expect to find. Seat's are comfortable,  not really a bad view in the whole place. It'd be nice if they had concessions on both ends of the club level, but I probably needed the exercise going up and back down to work off the foot-long & Bacon wrapped corn dog I had. I believe Thursdays are always dollar beer night, so if you want to catch a game have a few drinks and not spend a fortune, Thursday night is the night to go.
4	I came to Cashman Field to check out a 51's game with other Yelpers.  That review will be elsewhere.Anyhow, I don't live to far from Cashman Field, so I took the back roads to get there.  I came in from Washington Ave.  I decided to get there early so I could park and find my group.  Now, I used to have season tickets to Ca. Angels, and from experience driving to, finding a parking spot, and having to deal with the crowd is the worst part about seeing a ball game.  But, not here, that was the easiest experience I have ever had going to see a game.  I pull in and there were no cars in front of me, I paid $4 for parking and found a place really fast.  That is so foreign to me.I walked to the gate and found my party and then we were off to see the game.  Easy as that.
3	Went to a game. It is always great to see baseball since we don't have a Pro team out here. Good prices on food and beer. Would recommend it for a cheap night out.
4	Went to a 51's game on a Saturday night. It was free jersey night, so as you can imagine, the crowd was large. We got there prior to the gates opening and had to stand in a long line. Have no fear, the beer man is here. As soon as we got in line, there he was with cold brew for sale.  Once the gates opened up, the line went quick. Parking was a snap in and out and didn't leave a huge hole in the wallet. The beef nachos for dinner were great along with another cold one. For an older venue that has been around for a while, it is kept up very well and made for a good baseball viewing experience. Chili cheese nachos for dessert made the night complete. Will definitely return again! The lightning show off in the distance was a bonus and it didn't start raining until the final out was recorded.
3	The epitome of a pitcher's ballpark, Cashman Field boasts big time dimensions in terms of size. We're talking 433 feet to center field. I'm not even sure if I could clear that with my trusty Easton aluminum bat!Perhaps the coolest thing about Cashman Field is that it was featured in the popular video game 'Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas'.Okay, enough with the history lessons. Let's get down to business.Cashman Field is all around a pretty mediocre ballpark. You can find better built ones across the country and even in the AA League or Single A League. A lot of people like to complain about the parking situation at Cashman, but compared to major league parks, it's a breeze. Yes, walking down and up that large hill can be a bit of a chore especially after a few pre-game cervezas but hey, you're there to watch an athletic competition anyway.Beers are appropriately ball park priced at around $7 each. The food available is not of the best quality and is overpriced. At one 51s game I attended I was absolutely famished, so I snagged myself a philly cheesesteak for the sum of $8 and disappointingly wolfed down the sub-par ingredients with vigor. I also saw that Papa John's was present at the park and selling tiny personal pizzas for the sum of $11 each.If you're sitting in the cheap seats prepare to be uncomfortable as they can pretty much be described as metal bleachers. Another downside to the ballpark is that there is no outfield seating, however they do allow kids to run around and play in the grassy areas by each foul post. I thought this was a bit odd as it can tend to be dangerous at times when foul balls come flying in.
4	Put me in cold, I'm ready to play today. I am ready to play in the Las Vegas baseball scene. Las Vegas has a unique baseball scene. Without a Major League team, the Las Vegas baseball scene is a melting pot of baseball team fans from throughout the Country. Because Las Vegas is in need of a Major League baseball team, baseball fans unite at the 51s minor league game. Cashman Field is the home of the Las Vegas 51s, who are currently the NY Met's Triple-A affiliate team. Born and raised in New York, this adds another dimension to the 51s game.  Cashman Field stands proudly in downtown Las Vegas. It is a homerun-out-of-the-park-hit from the Historic Mormon Fort where the City of Las Vegas began. It is off of Las Vegas Boulevard a few miles north of the glitter and glamor of the Las Vegas Strip and two traffic lights north of the I-515/US 93/US 95 freeway.  On good days parking is as easy as finding a slot machine in a casino. On crowded days parking is a challenge. Regardless, the $4 parking admission is relatively inexpensive. The best way to describe the parking lot is a lower and upper parking lot. Cashman Field is built in a hilly area that some would argue would make a nice park if Cashman Field is relocated. A grassy hill separates the upper and lower parking lot. The hill affords a showcase view of the stadium and a distant Frenchman Mountain. Children love playing on the grassy hill. Adults love walking down its concrete walkway in anticipation of the game.  The admission ticket process is fast and smooth. The general admission is $8 per person. The stadium is simple to navigate through. A bonus is that they hand out booklets showing the game schedule and baseball players.  At Cashman Field, the majority of the seats are field level. Every time I watched baseball here, I sat on bucket seats with a cup holder instead of bleachers. Bucket seats add to the quality of the baseball experience because they are much more comfortable than bleachers. Besides seats, there are a couple of grassy areas for people to watch the game. There are zero nosebleed seats unless a foul ball was to strike a spectator's nose. Nearly every seat outside home plate is in a foul ball zone. The reality is that fowl balls frequently land in the crowd causing a need for spectators  to be alert.   In my opinion the seats overlooking first base are the best. First base is where the 51s dugout is. From my first base seat, I had a close-up perspective of the 51s and possibly future NY Met's stars walking to the dugout. Occasionally one of them would toss a ball toward these very seats.  Minor league baseball is more than a game. It is Entertainment!. The 51s mascot Cosmo the Allien has all the bases covered when it comes to entertaining the crowd. During the game, fans do the stretch. There is an opportunity for fans to catch a t-shirt. After the game, children had the privilege of running along the bases.   Cashman Field holds 9,934 seats. When we attended the game this past Sunday there were closer seats sitting empty. Security made sure they were empty. When fans attempted to grab these seats, Security stopped them. Security was protective of the season ticket holders seats. Cashman Field is one stadium where playing musical chairs is prohibited.   Cashman Field is a minor league stadium where fans enjoy the baseball tradition of a hot dog with a beer or soda. Their concession is nothing fancy. It is just your basic ball park snack bar. I must state that draft beer has gone up. Draft beer was $7 and a pretzel was $4.  Is the Las Vegas baseball scene better for day or night games? There is so much to do in Vegas at night. When the weather is beautiful like it was this past April Sunday, when I saw the game, I prefer day games. I am an outdoor enthusiast who appreciated sitting outside in beautiful weather. Fast-forward  to the summer when the desert is baking hotter than an oven, I prefer night games.  In the news, I hear all this talk that Cashman Field is outdated and it needs to be torn down !? Cashman Field is not a work of art like the PGE Park in Portland. Cashman Field is a minor league stadium that is current with the times, is affordable,  a component of the Downtown Cultural Corridor, and convenient to the majority of locals and tourists. With that said, I think there will be at least a few more baseball seasons that I will be playing in the Las Vegas baseball scene having a good time in  Cashman Field.
4	All the seats have a good view of the park. Usually a low cost for parking ($4 on average) and a variety of food options. They have a taco cart inside and they are tasty and cost effective. Try to arrive early to pick up will call tickets as folks wait until close to game time and a long line forms.
3	Cashman has a lot to offer between the convention space and the baseball stadium.  It is an aging facility though and it is very much showing its age at least outwardly.  It simply looks dated.  All that being said, it is still a nice place.  There is a lot of parking for any event and even for multiple events at a time with both the upper and lower lots being available for a small fee ($4 on game night).  The playing field is well cared for and the palm trees just beyond the outfield wall provide some nice scenery.  There are a few different places to get food in the stadium.  You have your standard snack bar with hot dogs, burgers, chicken fingers and pretzels.  You know, the usual suspects.  But there is also a taco stand.  And a place for churros.  Or how about a place for Dippin' Dots?  Yep, they have that too.  There is a small gift shop with over priced items but it is there for anyone who would care to take a gander.  Surprisingly the restrooms in this old place are rather nice.  They seem to have been updated recently and are kept clean.  That must be a massive under taking.  Especially for Thursday night games.  Thursdays are dollar beer night for those of you who are not aware.  With that many beers being consumed you know the restrooms get some monster usage.  To keep them clean through all of that is commendable. Not a bad place to have an evening out.
5	Came here on Easter Sunday with some co-workers. We got a deal on tickets through our work. First time coming to a 51s game and it was definitely a good experience. The field has large dimensions and kinda makes for a pitchers park, but that particular day the ball was flying. I'm sure the games get very interesting with the weird weather around here. I love how the restaurant on the top floor is open to everyone, unlike professional stadiums where it costs a lot extra. Looking forward to going to many more games now that I'm a local.
4	51's games at Cashman Field are always a fun experience for me! I have been to couple now, and have honestly had a great time each visit! Love the size of the park- there is not a bad seat! There are lots of great and yummy ballpark snacks! The staff is always very friendly and helpful!
4	I've been going to Casman since I first moved to Vegas. It's a great place.When we first moved here in 1991, they used to have a teen nightclub called "Club Alternative" I've also been there for conventions, Baseball Games, and concerts!Most recently it's been for 51's games... Thirsty Thursdays is my favorite night, because they serve $1.00 beer!  However, be ready for long lines. I also like the Fire Work Nights!
2	The game was great and the the crowd was fun.  The vendors are always in the way, they are rude and they really don't care if they prevent you from watching the game.    I would like to see them move the team out of Cashman field and to Summerlin then maybe the vendors will be better.
5	Great experience. $4 parking (cash or card). Cheap tickets $11, $14, etc. Not a bad seat in the place. Plenty of leg room especially in bleacher section. The bleachers have backs on them and were pretty comfortable. We moved seats quite a bit. I paid for $14 seats in section 15, but we ended up moving over to the bleachers. Son got a ball and a lot of players were nice enough to sign after they came out of the locker room. High prices for concessions but I expected that. Bathrooms were clean and I never waited for a stall the 3 times I used them.
4	I just love baseball games. It's so much fun..I just dislike the fact it's not major leagues. But that's only because I got spoiled living in a big city.
4	Parking is far (get ready for a long walk), but what a great experience.  If you never done minor league ball.DO IT.Small town feel and great product is what Cashman Field with the LV 51s offer.LOVE IT.Food is pretty good, too.  BBQ, hot dogs, and beer -- more likely, all of the above.BRING IT.
