5	WOW- such a unique and great dining experience!!!!!  You order you food and drink in the lobby and then your escorted to you table by your waiter - who happens to be BLIND.  Thus you eat your entire meal in the DARK!!!!!!!It is amazing how we all take out sight for granted, and for a long dinner experience I was able to put my self in the shoes of the blind.  For the first time I was able to identify my shrimp risotto meal by the smell.  And the 2 other people I ate with- we realized that we had to be very clear with our verbal communication because we were no longer able to use our sight to read some ones body language etc.......The food was excellent as well so it truly isn't just some gimmick to try to get the business.  It is the REAL thing and if anyone is visiting Montreal I recommend this amazing dining experience to ALL!!!!!!!!!  Call to make reservations 1st- as they only have 2 seating times for dinner 6pm & 9pm.ENJOY :)
5	Dining in the dark?  WOW!  What an experience.  I wish we had something like O Noir in Philadelphia.  My experience eating fillet Mignon in the complete darkeness:You order your food and drinks at the lit bar area in the front.  After you order, your blind server leads you to your table.  You dine in COMPLETE darkness, no cell phones, lighters, watches, etc.  We happened to visit on an evening where they had live music, performed by a blind band.This was so interesting.  There were a lot of people in the dining room, and I had lost my sense of perception.  I also kept looking for light.  I kept finding myself looking for a little ounce of light, so I could see something.  No luck, eventually I gave up.As far as eating, this part was not as difficult as people think.  They cut your food in a fashion that will help you eat with your utensils.  They also carefully set up your table, and the place setting is very easy to navigate in the dark.  The table even had a hole for your drink.I would do this again.  A lot of people who I've told about the experience say they would never want to do something like this.  It took a little bit of open-mindedness on my part, but once I got over that - this was a really enjoyable meal.
5	Just ate here last week, and it was an amazing experience.  The darkness is so complete and total- it is disorienting and exhilarating at the same time.  I recommend ordering the "surprise" dish- eating mystery food is something that you can't really do anywhere else.
5	What an amazing experience!  Dining in pitch black darkness elicits a variety of emotions and sensory responses.  We varied from intensely intrique to momentary claustrophobia to complete awe.  It's true that your other senses are heightened when one is deprived and we used them all in order to complete a basic human function - eating.  What's most amazing is the opportunity to get a feel for a sliver of the lifestyle of a blind person.  We had to be more explicit in our oral communication, slow our actions down, feel around for object placement (how else would you know if you finished your dinner?), etc.  We loved that some proceeds benefit a blind foundation and that the concept helps with the 70% unemployment rate in that population. The food was great. It might be just slightly overpriced but worth it for the experience.  We chose to have surprise appetizers and desserts.  I'd recommend this option... having to use my senses to identify a dish brought a new dimension to the experience.   Comparing our dishes, I preferred the portabella mushroom appetizer, filet mignon main course and the fruit sorbet dessert.  I'd also recommend keeping the wine to a 1 glass minimum... remember, you already have some sensory deprivation that you're not used to!All in all, an incredibly unique and fun experience.  Don't hesitate to try this amazing restaurant!
5	Ever wondered what is it like to be blind? At O.Noir, you can because everybody dines in total darkness. When my friend suggested this place for dinner, I was intrigued by the idea. Then a stream of questions came to mind: How do I know what I am eating? How am I eating it if I can't see? How do I know where my table is? and most of all, how do I pee if I need to? I know they are silly concerns but it really got me thinking about living as a blind person and the challenges that they face everyday.So we got there right on time for our reservation. You have to have one because they are only open twice a day, 7 days a week. We had to order our food at the front desk prior to going in. If you are brave enough, definitely consider ordering the surprise appetizer, entree, and dessert, which I did. You'll just have to use what your mama gave you - your imagination and your senses.Then, our waiter came out to greet us, and tada - she's BLIND. Wait, what? How is she going to ... *insert more questions*? Yes, I know but we had absolute confidence in her. She escorted us to our table and the first thing we did was figuring our our personal space and bounderies, silverwares, etc. You would think that your eyes would get used to the darkness and you can see maybe like a shadow or something. Nope, it was still pitch black after 10 minutes.It was very funny when we were passing the bread because you can't see the person and I could easily shove it at someone's face. The meal finally came and I think I figured it out. It was chicken with haricort vert, carrot and shallots. And for dessert, it was chocolate mousse with raspberry I think. If you're vegetarian, don't worry because they have vegetarian entrees too. *psst* Of course, if you want to lick the plate clean, you can because it's dark. I did.  =)Overall, I'll give it a 3.8 stars for food but the experience was worth 5 stars. I highly recommend O.Noir because I am sure this will be an amazing experience for anybody.
4	Hungry AND in Montreal, AND ready for a new gustatory experience?Hungry or not, sighted or not, there's a novel and fun and tasty experience in total darkness at Onoir (pronounced OH, NWAre).Arriving there on Sainte Catherine Street in downtown Montreal, in the lighted foyer, guests give their menu choices to Onoir staff, and when your table is ready, your blind server arrives and escorts you and your party in caravan-style (hand on shoulder) to your table. Your vision will become accustomed to total darkness in only minutes, and you might ... it's all up to you.When the food arrives at the table, how will you eat? With your digits? Fork? Where's the fork? You may want to use the "direct deposit" method - manually.The experience, like the price, is more than the food and ambiance.Bon appetit.
5	Now this was an amazing experience. At Onoir you receive some decent food you also receive the experience of being blind. No, they don't blindfold you or put goggles on you. They have you eat in total darkness. By total darkness, I mean there is no lights at all including no watched, cell phone or any other devices that may deliver even the smallest amount of light. The restaurant is open two time a day everyday. You have to make reservation for one of the two times. When you walk in, they give you a menu and have you order your food there but pay later. They also have you use the free lockable lockers to have you leave all light making devices. After ordering, your waiter, who is truly blind escort you to you table. He/she leads you through two doors into a pitch black room where the dinner tables are located. He/she has to take your hand and put it on the chair for you to even find the chair. I won't go into anymore details as one needs to experience it for ones self. All of the waiting staff is blind and since the room is totally dark, if you need to use the restroom or need any type of assistance, then you only have to shout for your waiter. As far as the food, one of the choices and the one I recommend is the Surprise Dish and Dessert. When they bring it to you, you must use your senses to discover what you ate. They will not tell you. Mine was pork, potatoes, mushrooms and green beans. The dessert was a mouth watering chocolate moose. It was amazing. The price was about 30 dollars per person, food only. If you are in Montreal then you must check this place out. They give blind people jobs and donate money to an organization for the blind.
5	Incredible food, great music, cool atmosphere, great experience.HOWEVER,Make SURE you go with a lively crowd. My restaurant date was so boring that I spent most of my time praying for the next meal course to alleviate my misery.Definitely get the surprise dessert, yum yum...Speaking of yum, a hot date is a good idea as well...the naughty things one can do in the dark :)
4	Onoir is an absolutely incredible experience that I can't recommend enough.  When just walking to the table takes a leap of faith (since you don't and can't know what's ahead of you besides your waiter's shoulder), you know that the dining experience will change how you see the world.  At Onoir you can spend two hours imagining what it would be like to be blind if the world were perfectly catered to the blind (sticky placemats, people telling you exactly where things are all the time, smaller tables so you don't have to grope around for the bread), and then walk back into the world and re-appreciate your eyes.I second the suggestion to come with people you can have a conversation with, as long pauses and no physical contact can elicit feelings of claustrophobia, fear, etc. in addition to the usual sad effects of a boring dinner date.    But  The food isn't that great.  All four of us got the surprise appetizer, entree, and dessert, and while trying to figure out your food is fun, eating good and inventive food is more fun.  Our appetizer was a large cheese ravioli in a simple tomato sauce, our entree was some kind of meat (we argue over pork, veal, chicken) in marsala sauce with roasted vegetables, and dessert was a chocolate mousse cake.  It was all solid food, but not very exciting.  Also the portions were quite large.I'd suggest ordering off the menu and only ordering two rather than three courses.  Is the experience amazing?  Yes, yes, and yes.  Is the food good?  Sort of.  Would I come back?  I don't really think so.Go for the novelty of it, go for the experience, go to give money to a worthy charity (some of their profits go to help blind people, while they employ a group of people that has a 70% unemployment rate), but don't go for the food.
2	I feel like it's odd to rate a place like Onoir using the Yelp scale, because it doesn't really make sense for 2 stars to mean that I've experienced better because truthfully, I've never experienced anything else like it and therefore it must be the best I've experienced (I guess also the worst...), but I honestly feel like the food was pretty bad at this place, and not deserving of more than a star or two given how much you're paying.I went with some adventurous friends, and we all ordered the surprise for every course. In truth, the food wasn't that surprising. I was expecting to be confused and puzzled and intrigued by every dish, but pretty much once you were able to get the food into your mouth, you were able to identify it easily. The food didn't take advantage of the fact that you couldn't see anything. It was just normal food at inflated prices. Like think food that a college student might try to make to impress a date.In spite of the bad food, Onoir is definitely something to be experienced. You really can't see anything, and it's odd to try to eat in this manner. You might also experience existential crises while eating if you think too hard about being blind.Anyway, I think Onoir could really be a five-star restaurant if they were just more creative with the food and took advantage of the fact that their patrons can't see anything, but I guess that'd be too much effort. Until then, this place is just a novelty, but probably not worth the money.
1	The food was ok. The crowd was really loud and the whole experience (you have to wait in a crowded room for 15 min before you can sit, we paid for a bottle of wine and only get 2 glasses) was disappointing. The best part was the grilled portobellos, but I can do them way better on my own BBQ. And it's really not cheap for what it is.Good idea, weak execution.
3	Really the food is only OK (maybe 2-2.5 stars), but I will bump it up to 3 because the experience was so.... unique.  The place is owned by blind people (and our waiter was blind).  You place your order in the front room, and then you proceed hand-to-shoulder to follow the waiter to the inner dining room where it is pitch black.  And this is no exaggeration... you can not see anything.  It is like sight-sensory deprivation.   The waiter will bring glasses and dishes up to your shoulder and you have to arrange them in some way that you are comfortable groping for.  I had the avocado salad, and some shrimp/rice dish.  Both of these were decent/fresh.  The chocolate cake dessert was cold and hard, like something you'd buy in a freezer box at a grocery store.It is damn hard to eat chunks of avocado with a fork in the dark.  It definitely gives you a minute appreciate of what a blind person's life must be like.
2	It was an interesting experience, but I don't think I would go again.I took my friend to this restaurant as part of her bachelorette weekend.  The experience was very interesting and a bit scary at times (I almost panicked couple of times, it is scary to be in total darkness), but the food wasn't amazing.  I had the avocado salad and steak for the main course.Also, I have talked about this kind of experience with my blind friend, and he said he didn't like this kind of restaurants, because it doesn't accurately show how a blind person's life is like.  All of a sudden not being able to see when we always depended on sight is quite different from being blind all your life.But I guess if you want to experience something different from typical restaurants, you can try this place!
4	I absolutley loved the experience of this place. And i also really happened to love the food. I got a surprise appetizer, which turned out to be octopus. Super delicious. Everything was great. Our waiter was blind, and it was def interesting to get a taste of that kind of life. Really intense, almost to the point of anxiety towards the end of it. I really wanted light by the end of our meal. But i would recommend it.Only thing i didn't like was location. It was right next door to a sketchy strip club, and when we went into the restaurant a weird dirty guy was standing infront of it telling us not to go in because the food wasnt good. Ew.
4	see how long everyone's response to this restaurant is? It's because the experience impacted them...good or bad, you are reading it all.Dont read them! just go.if you really want to read mine:I went at 8.30pm and I'm glad I did because not many people were in the room at that point.  (lots of people showed up later, which wasn't as transcendental)Pitch black. It felt like eating in outer space...but you can make up your own metaphors for the experience.The food (I ordered the mystery dish) was quality, but keep in mind you are also paying for the experience.For the main course I recommend ordering a mystery dish. Mine turned out quite nicely (but I wont tell you what it is because then you might expect it.. they do vary it up)For dessert I recommend ordering what you want off the list and not the mystery dessert. That way you can finish the evening comfortably eating what you picked even though you can't see it.I recommend reserving ahead of time. The staff is polite and the experience, to me, is something you should go for.
5	Great service, good food, really fun experience. I highly recommend it.
3	I must say that I was intrigued with the concept of the restaurant.  I was in Montreal and had to try this out.  The experience was unique, but the food was just ok.  I went with the surprise menu, just to test my palette.The first course was escargot.The second course was a pasta dish with salmon.  And it was canned salmon. Or at least it tasted like the canned salmon that my grandmother use to love eating.  I distinctly remember the taste of the  bones in the salmon. The salmon is cooked in the can and the bones are soft and can be eaten. And for some reason, I kind of liked eating the salmon bones.So the good news is that it brought back some happy memories of having dinner with grandma. But the bad news is that I got served half a can of salmon with pasta from a box in a restaurant. The third course was the chocolate mousse. It was ok.Come for the experience of eating in complete darkness, not the food.
5	5 stars for the experience as a whole.  You must make a reservation and when you show up, you put your cell phones or anything that might produce light in a locker in the dimly lit front lounge.  From there, you are introduced to your server, who is actually blind, and then, taking his/her shoulder, you are led to into the dining room, which is PITCH BLACK.  The experience is nerve-wracking at first because doing anything in pitch black tends to be uncomfortable for those of us who have taken our vision for granted.  However, eventually you will settle down a bit, but you are constantly reminded of your predicament as you clumsily take a sip of your drink or fumble with your food.  They say that depriving oneself of one of the five senses will enhance the remaining and after this experience I really believe it.  Taking away my sense of sight, I felt that I could really experience the amazing flavor and smell of the food.  My favorite part was the conversation...my date and I struck up a conversation with a couple right next to us.  I sincerely feel it was the fact that we could not see them nor them us and consequently could not judge each other visually that led to one of the best conversations I've ever had!  The service was great and they'll guide you to the restroom if you need.  I think the price is a steal, especially compared to places in Los Angeles and San Diego at around $100/person!  Do this and you won't regret it.
3	An acquaintance insisted we visit O.Noir during our trip to Montreal, so I made the reservation via email and was very quickly confirmed.  I was excited at the idea of experiencing food through restricted senses.4 stars for the experience itself: The novelty of attempting to function normally in pitch darkness continued throughout the meal.  Our waiter was very attentive and friendly, nice job Guillame!  We dined on a Sunday night, which has live music (instrumental cover band) and despite the music on top of the noise from nearby tables, we were able to easily chat and hear each other (we were sat side by side).2 stars for the food:  My friend ordered the eggplant starter, chicken in coriander sauce entree and surprise dessert (tiramisu).  I tried the first and it was very salty.  For my starter, I went for the watermelon and avocado with feta.  Sadly I let my friend stab her fork on my plate - she took the only piece of feta.  Probably a service to me, since the dish was seasoned only with salt.  Entree was very disappointing - as a vegetarian, I'm used to seeing this usual stand-by at bars and other low-end restaurants, but when I'm paying $25 for an entree, pasta with tomato sauce was a let down.  Yes, we're not a majority but it just shows a lack of creativity in the kitchen.  When promoting your restaurant on the basis of taste and smell alone, I'd expect something more.  Throw some of the coriander sauce on some mushrooms, at least.  My dessert, creme brulee, was standard, but in this case, the tastiest thing I ordered.Worth doing for the experience, but don't expect the price to reflect good quality of food.
3	Not the best food - sometimes very very loud which makes it hard to talk..one of those places you go to only once and never return to.
5	I can't wait to go back! I'm sure you're all familiar with the concept by now: you eat in complete darkness and your served by blind waiters.K to be honest, when I first heard of the place and found out you eat in the dark, I pictured dark but like when you're at home and can still see shadows and outlines...ya... that's not the case. I put my hand about 3 inches from my face (not that I would kno) and couldn't see it.After you order from the room with lights, you get led in to the dark dinner hall by your waiter who introduces himself. At the table, you can hear people talking all around you. I got sat side by side with my guest and we actually had to feel accross to the other side of the table because we weren't sure if there were people at our table facing us. The waiters guide you through what's on your table and how it's arranged. When they bring you your food, they touch the side of the plate to your shoulder so that you know where it is, before they place it on the table. Off the record... I was startled when he called my name. I had no idea someone was behind me.The food was probably one of the best meals I've ever had. I wasn't adventurous enough to try the surprise meal but my guest tried the surprise dessert and on that night it was a chocolate mousse, I believe.There is one night a week when they have jazz band playing, I believe it's on sundays, which only adds to the atmosphere.I just have to say how impressive it is that they are able to serve food and run the restaurant in the pitch black.Just a tip though, if you're the type to stay in the washroom for a while, I suggest going before. Since you can't walk to or from the bathroom alone (you can't see... remember) your waiter has to wait near the door the entire time.
4	What a great experience! Most others got the description of the experience down - let into a solid black room yada yada...the initial feeling was very scary as if any moment I would trip or fall off an edge or bump into a table. I asked for the bathroom before seating so we were led there but then felt abandoned for a few minutes before our server came back to bring us to our table. I have no idea what the layout of the restaurant is and I'd be very curious to see how they did that. Hearing the voices around me echoing around as if we were in an arena made me think that this place is actually quite vast, but who knows.Conversation was interesting, I felt more relaxed just to participate in a conversation since my eyes didn't have to do any work. I could sit in a relaxed state and not worry about things like eye contact or proper posture.The server showed up seldomly, just to bring us our next course. When bringing waters, she spilled a little on me, at least it's just water.I tried to put a little bit of butter on my bread, but it turns out that I spread an entire container of butter, which I never do. The Surprise appetizer was great - when I first tasted it, I thought it was garlic beef cubes, then on closer examination of the texture, I felt that maybe they were clam meat...turned out they were escargot. Not bad!The veal, served with spicy potatoes, and brocolli and peppers was average, but then again, how would you be able to truly judge the enhanced feeling of dining blind if you were biased with exceptional food?The mystery dessert was Tiramisu - I thought the caramel was too heavy but the texture and the flavour of the cake was nice. Feeling around was hard with the appetizer and the main that I ended up resorting to using my hands.Great experience and I would definitely do it again. I recommend going all in on the surprises, but I should remember my list of ingredients I don't like so I don't risk anything in the future.
2	It is an interesting experience to try once, and only once. Not knowing what I was eating it a turn off.FYI you also sit with people you don't know, and the conversations actually get weird, and lots of touchy feelly. I did not enjoy my dinner, nor my experience.  I left with a major headache. You would think with that a experience like this, people would shut up and experience it fully, but no.Never again.
5	This will be one of the most unique dining experiences you will ever have. Dinner served to you by a blind wait staff as you eat in complete darkness (i.e. blind). My first experience, my eyes really wanted to try to see something. Which in turn made me freak out a bit. Relax. The wait staff will totally take care of you. Even if you spill your wine. Don't worry about buttering your hand instead of your roll. Nobody can see you. This place is loud, because for some reason you talk louder when you can't see it seems. Now for the food. "How do you order without seeing the menu?" Duh. You order before you go in. You can order a 2 course or 3 course. I had the mushrooms for my starter and then I always get the Filet for my main and then hey, what dessert isn't great? The food is amazing and is more flavorful when your other senses kick in. You can also opt for getting the 'Surprise' dinner and then try to guess what you had after you leave. My guess is you'll guess wrong. And it's so good, nobody will see you lick your plate.
4	I definitely enjoyed my experience at ONoir, but i'd probably recommend going only once. If you've made a reservation, you're coming for the experience, not the food. I had the eggplant appetizer and Marinaded Shrimp. The quality of the food was very average. The eggplant was soggy and small portioned. The shrimp was delicious, but the accompanying rice and vegetables were over sauced and overcooked. However, the ambiance was great. There was a live jazz band playing behind us, which complimented the mainly French speaking diners who were enjoying their meals. Again, a memorable experience.
4	Having been to O'noir several times, I thoroughly enjoy the experience and bringing people along!The food is decent, nothing exceptionally fancy of difficult, but it is fun doing it in complete darkness.  I've heard of other places that just give you blindfolds, but I really like that you have no choice but total darkness here.Not sure why they don't serve "Darkness friendly" food that is easier to eat than pasta or meat and potatoes, but that adds to the difficulty I guess.Long story short, go to eat in total darkness, try the surprises, have fun.
5	Ignore everything you've read about about the food. We had the appetizer of of the day (eggplant with goat cheese) & the surprise appetizer (steak tartare), the filet mignon, and the surprise dessert (strawberry custard). It was all awesome. The filet mignon was one of the best steaks we've ever had. The whole staff was awesome, and the experience was perfect. Definitely worth the try.
5	5 stars because of the experience, not so much the food.When you arrive at the restaurant, you are asked to remove your coat and bag so as to leave anything behind that might produce light. They have lockers so I didn't feel as apprehensive about leaving my purse behind. You place your order at the counter- you can choose from a two course meal for $35, or a 3 course meal for $40. There is only one vegetarian option, which is really limiting. Once you've placed your order, you're lead into another room by a blind waiter or waitress. It's pitch black and I kept worrying I would bump into a table or chair, but it went fine. I only had difficulty pulling out my chair to sit down and trying to figure out if we were by a wall, but I was able to get a sense of this after a few minutes.  There seemed to be some plastic grips on the table so nothing would slide around. When you receive your meal, you are told if the plate is on your right or left shoulder so you can find it. It was interesting trying to eat the meal, which was polenta nuggets with cheese, with a side of vegetables. The food wasn't bad, but I never knew how much food was on my plate. Eating the food wasn't as difficult as I thought, but there certainly were a few times where I thought I had managed to get some food on the fork, only to find out when there was none. That was pretty amusing. Dessert was a fruit sorbet, which was alright. It gets really loud in the restaurant with all the conversation, and a few times I think I saw some light- some people may have brought their cell phones in their pockets. A family beside me was producing sparks of light because they were rubbing the fabric of their clothes together to create static electricity, which was pretty interesting.When you step out of the restaurant it feels a bit strange, having been surrounded by darkness for a bit. The staff was friendly, food was ok, experience memorable.
4	The food was pretty good but it's really the experience you are coming here for. The most interesting dining experience I have had in years. Highly recommend to try it once. Go on the weekdays when it's a little less busy and try to stay in smaller groups. It will make the experience a little easier the first time.
4	Simply Amazing I went there 3 times and loved it! It's so different that any restaurant and initiating people to this is so entertaining!The food is okay but it's all about the experience so i can't complaint about it!! Will repeat this experience!
4	I'm a huge fan of ONoir because of the truly unique atmosphere it provides. I'm a fan of the founder, Moe, and his commitment to the community. As far as I know, all of the servers are legally blind but that doesn't matter a lick when you're serving in pitch black. I have never had a problem with service at ONoir, and I even have the feeling that the servers appreciate being able to have the guests experience, if only for an hour or so, one important aspect of their lives. It's clear to me that they take their responsibilities seriously, and for that I commend them.As for the food, I've read reviews saying that the food isn't the best, and literally, they're right - but the food isn't bad either. It's average, but this is one restaurant where I believe the food is not what is supposed to shine. (Pun intended). This is an incredible experience that needs to be, uh, experienced rather than read. Go into ONoir with a truly open mind and don't waste time or effort trying to imagine how it's going to be - just live it. My only recommendation is to order at least one "surprise" dish. Be it an entree, main, or dessert, order one dish that, when it's set down in front of you (or passed over a shoulder), you have absolutely no idea what it is going to be. If you have allergies or dietary preferences, be sure to mention them when ordering, but beware that I know of one or two incidences where mistakes were made in the kitchen. Thankfully, they weren't allergies. Finally, if you wear glasses like me (except in my Yelp photo), I hope you enjoy not wearing them for a meal. When I enter the dining room, I take off my glasses and let them hang from my shirt for the duration of the meal. I know they're there, but I don't need 'em, and that's a refreshing, rare bit of freedom I don't normally get to experience. Enjoy, and bon appetit!
4	This is by far one of the most memorable dining experience I've EVER had. If not the most. The concept is simple. You're trying to experience life as a visually impaired person, albeit only for a short few hours and in a controlled environment.  The main dining room is completely dark - not dark as in "your bedroom when you turn off the lights to sleep" dark, but dark as in "your eyes never adjust, you can't even see your fingers when you hold them up right in front of your eyes!" dark.  You decide your two or three-course meal in advance ($34 and $41 respectively) in a separate room, where you are also led back to at the end to settle the bill.  The selection was bigger than I imagined for a prix fixe menu, including a moderate drink list.   Each course also includes a "surprise" dish which I highly recommend to broaden your experience. You're then led into the pitch-black dining room by placing your left hand on your waiter's shoulder and forming a train with your fellow tablemates. The rest of the dinner continues in this tactile manner - the waiter places your hand on the chair you are to be seated, the waiter passes and collects your plates by brushing them over your shoulder, etc. It's true what they say about other senses being heightened when you lose one. But it may surprise you that they can also betray you - such as voices sounding closer or farther than they really are or your taste buds tricking you to think you're eating something you're not. For example, without giving away too much about the surprise dishes, we incorrectly thought the beef tartar was salmon, which the waiter said was a common observation (er no pun intended).  And I swear there was liqueur in the dessert as I was devouring it, but it didn't. I guess it was wishful thinking. You'll find yourself having trouble cutting up some of the food or determining if you've finished everything on your plate; but don't forget that these are just minor challenges a blind person has to deal with everyday. All was going well for me until near the end of the dinner, when I decided to try something from the person sitting across from me.  I knocked over my glass of water because I had forgotten it was there! I knew it was the right decision not to order red wine that night. We had intended to visit the Toronto location but due to a scheduling conflict, we ended up at the Montreal location and I'm so glad we did. This location has higher reviews due to the calibre of the food, such that the experience was more than just a novelty. And I can attest to this - the food was delicious and I would visit again. Definitely an insightful (pun intended this time) and exhilarating experience you have to try at least once. Food: 4*Ambiance: ????Service: 5* (The waiter was very attentive and came around to check on us often.. but I guess he had to be given the scenario!)Value: 4* (I struggled with this one. $41 is steep for what you get.  But then again, it's an experience you can't get anywhere else.)
5	This was one of the coolest dining experiences I've ever had. I won't go into detail about it since many other people on Yelp already have. Besides, I went in knowing pretty much nothing and I really loved the surprise. My only tips are not to be in a rush, to be open-minded and to be prepared to spend a bit of money, though it's really not too expensive. They did have a vegetarian option and you can tell them if you're allergic to anything. The surprise course is also a fun thing to try.
1	This was difficult to rate.  It is a very cool experience, however not romantic/charming as it is VERY loud.  It could have been so much better if the quality of food was even mediocre, but the food feel very short.  How can you have such a great concept and serve crap for food?  I guess the idea is to be affordable to get more folks to try but offer great food for us foodies and you would have won be over in every city where there is a location.  Skip this experience and select a location for better food and a great view.
5	This was a very cool experience. Wine and food taste very different when your vision is cut out.Despite the obnoxious group of teens, my date and I managed to have a good time. Our waiter, Mathias, deserves special mention as he was exceptionally courteous, helpful and generally pleasant.The food was actually very good. Probably the best lamb shank I've ever grabbed and eaten caveman style!
5	Absolutely amazing experience.  The food was decent/good, but that was totally not the point anyway.  My daring husband got the surprise appetizer and surprise entree, and that was just about the best game we've ever played, trying to figure out what we were eating without any visual cues.  Then our delightful waiter quizzed us on each, which was really fun. I got a special appetizer and the filet mignon, both of which were fine/good, but again, they could have been fast food and it still would have been the best dining experience we've had in years.  Will definitely return any time we're in Montreal, and would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a memorable dining experience!
3	The concept of eating in the dark is really cool, but the food is pretty average. Nothing to go crazy about.
4	I recommend this restaurant to anyone who has never experienced eating in pitch darkness.  It was truly unforgettable.Before you get started, you can lock your belongings in the lockers that are located out by the front desk.  You pay afterwards, so you can keep your money in the locker as well.  You literally don't need to bring anything with you.  No phone, no wallet.At the front desk, you choose what you would want your entrees to be, or you can be more adventurous and choose to be surprised.  If you choose to be surprised, please be sure to tell them if there is anything you don't like or can't eat.  They will be sure to honor your request.I am a bit of a pick eater so I only chose to be surprised with dessert.I came with 3 other girlfriends, and it was a bit of a bonding experience.  When it comes time to walk through those curtains into the darkness, you will be asked to place one hand in front of the person in front of you, and your group will be escorted to the table by your waiter/waitress (who I heard are blind, but honestly, you couldn't tell and it didn't matter because no one could see anyway).For the first few minutes I really panicked. I thought I was going to trip or bump into something.  But don't worry, you are in good hands.  Immediately your other senses, namely touch and hearing, are heightened.Throughout dinner, we heard other groups talking and we spent the entire time guessing how many people were in the restaurant.  At one point, the PENIS game started.  Perfect setting for that game, since no one will ever know if it was you who screamed it the loudest.The food was decent, maybe not the BEST (which is relative anyway) but it was pretty good.  And though it was hard to see, we all tried to share our food.  Which, added to the surprise.  With each bite, you are wondering what you are really eating, and what flavors you are really tasting. Little things like remembering where you put your utensils or your water was even a challenge.I thought it was an amazing experience that everyone should try.  Try what it feels like to blind for 2 hours and leave appreciative of your vision.
5	Not only fun and unique, but food is delicious.This could be considered one of those experiences you have to try once in your life, but I've actually been to this place 3 times in the past year. Coming with different people always makes for an original dinner.Menu is seasonal and changes slightly, so make sure you check their website ahead of time to know what you will order. If you're feeling very adventurous, you can opt for the "surprise" dishes. It will only be revealed after you're done eating. You can choose either a 2 course or 3 course meal. I've had their avocado salad, filet mignon and creme brulee for dessert which was always superb. I like that your meat is already cut up for you. You will be provided with only a fork and spoon. No need to worry about conventions, it's perfectly okay to even eat with your hands as you may have a hard time figuring out where your food is on your plate!Lots of laughter guaranteed. This place gets very loud.If you need to go to the washroom, call for your waiter by name and he/she will guide you. There is dim lighting in the bathroom.I highly recommend this concept of eating in the dark, it's gaining in popularity around the world and there's actually another Montreal restaurant with a copy cat name - although Onoir was here first ;)
4	I have to admit I was a little hesitant to eat a meal in the complete darkness, and I really felt out of my element when the waitress led us through the pitch black restaurant to our table somewhere in the restaurant. But once the appetizers arrived I had lots of fun trying to figure out what was in front of me by the taste and feel of it (we ordered the "surprise" menu items, so we had no idea what would be served to us!). I don't think the food was particularly special, but the overall experience was very interesting.My "surprise" meal turned out to be: escargot in garlic butter (appy), and linguini with cream sauce, salmon, and black pepper.
5	I have never had an experience like this in my life. I was completely blown away and can't stress enough how important it is for every foodie out there to give this a shot.  First, we ordered just outside the restaurant area. Food and alcohol. Then, we waited for our waiter to arrive for only a min or two.  He showed up and he was obviously seeing impaired.  He escorted us through a series of curtains and we entered the dining room area.  Now... I was expecting a dim lit room that would force your other senses to be amplified and everything would be super tasty.  Dim.... Negative.  Pitch black!!  Couldnt see one inch in front my face.  We held onto the shoulder of the person in front of us and shuffled our way to our table.  I don't want to tell you too much more because I don't want to ruin the experience as a whole.  Just trust me when I say the fun doesn't stop there... Service was perfect.  The food was superb.  We got the 3 course surprise.  We had no idea what he was serving us until we blindly dug in.  Awesome!!  I can't wait to go back again and try it when I know exactly what's coming.  So cool!Enjoy!-Ian M.
5	You can have both worlds there, you can either sit outside and have drinks and inner or you can actually have a nice intimate dinner inside with your mate. I can add that lots of friends have been there with they're girlfriends and had a wonderful time.
5	O.Noir provides one of the most unusual dining experiences you will ever have, unless you're sight-impaired. In that case, it's just a great place to eat.Patrons select courses from a set of choices, or one choice that is made--if you will excuse the expression--blindly.  Once patrons place their orders in the front lobby, they are led to you table by a steady hand on the shoulder and seated.  Food and drink are presented with a gentle tap on the shoulder and handed over carefully.  The experience becomes very tactile, especially when you realize that to rely on cutlery for finding food on the plate will mean quite a bit will be left behind.IN my specific case the salad was the most difficult to navigate, and not particularly remarkable.  The steak and lamb shank were delicious, but watch that bowl full of jus under the shanks.  I dropped a piece and spent the rest of the meal certain that my whole front was splattered. (It wasn't).  I went for the surprise for dessert, which was pretty readily identifiable as a fruit and custard tart.  An unexpected aspect of the experience is the amount of mental energy expended trying to figure out the shape of the room and who those noisy people on the other side were.  (We asked the waiter, at meal's end, and he answered rectangular, and McGill students, respectively).Everyone should do this, at least once!
1	I didn't enjoy eating in the dark. It's a gimmicky restaurant attraction aimed at yuppies who want to tell their friends how hip they are. Personally, I think seeing your food and its presentation matters; it's a part of the dining experience. More importantly, the meal at O'Noir wasn't nearly good enough to stand on taste alone.But what really upset me was that our waitress mixed up my order. I ordered lamb chops, my friend ordered lamb shank. She asked who got the lamb. When we clarified that we both did but different entrees she just put the plates down. For a while I just thought my lamb chops were dry. It wasn't till close to the end of the meal when I came across a pitiful cauliflower on my plate that we finally determined that I'd eaten her meal (which wasn't very good) and she had mine (which she said was juicy and tasty... that pissed me off).  Call me an asshole, a waitress should know what's on the plates she's serving. What's more, she hit me in the head with plates. Twice.In summary, I don't have a single positive thing to say about this place.
4	Eating in the dark was a great experience. The service was great from start to finish. The food was decent, I think in general food tastes better in the dark. I had the steak and it seemed to be cooked medium rare the way I asked and tasted good. My date had the rack of lamb, her dish was not as tasty. It was too salty and lacked flavour. Overall I would definitely recommend it as a one time experience.
5	For me it's not about the food, but about the experience. Not that the food wasnt good, it was, but the experience was so interesting that I would recommend that you give it a try. I would not go again but I would also not miss out on trying it.
4	This place was one of the best dates I have ever had! The food was a tad expensive but some of the costs go to a good cause anyways so it was worth it.The quality of the food was very good, I have had better before but anyone is still sure to like the food here. :) This place is always worth going to at least once. I would give it a 4.5/5
4	This may have been a yolo moment, as I had no idea what to expect going in - the service was really great and I'm still surprised how the wait staff were so trained in taking us (a party of four girls) around the restaurant. I had the lamb, which tasted ok. It was a challenge eating properly in the dark so I ended up using my hands (oh well, no one could see me...)Definitely a good experience that you can share for future stories.
4	By now you know you eat in complete darkness.It's a seriously cool experience but due to the combination of very poor acoustics and your heightened sense of hearing, the place is - WAY too loud. Been there 3 times. Each time way too loud, to the point where it affected my enjoyment of the experience. Food was slightly above average but that may be because taste itself is highly accentuated in this experience. It wasn't OMG food is what I'm saying but very good. I'm giving 4 stars here but really it should get 3.5 stars.
5	We came to Montreal for 1 week and brought this groupon. For our first night in montreal, this restaurant was amazing.  This restaurant was completely pitch dark and the service was wonderful. I was worried about previous reviews that said the food was disappointed but I disagree. I enjoyed every course as did my boyfriend. it was great for a one time to try...now I can say that I did a dark dinner.
1	" You don't need sight to experience bad service"A long weekend trip to Montreal with my friends in October, this place was highly recommended by one of my travel companion because of her previous visit to the city.  Completely excited/nervous of what to expect I think overall I was pretty disappointed by the management of this establishment.  I think my friends were even more upset and vocal about it for me.  One of the dishes I decided to do a "surprise" for my appetizer and expressed to the hostess what I as allergic to.. "shellfish, peanuts, tomatoes".  During my dinner, I had received my plate and the first thing I picked up was a tomato, I thought maybe i could just push them aside and eat something else on the plate but each piece I push my fork onto, it would be a tomato. I though I was crazy and I was very sure it was a tomato,  so I had my friend try it and she said it was definitely a tomato. Told the waitress the situation and only hoped that by the end of my meal that the restaurant would take responsibility for mistaking the order.  When I came out to pay for my meal, nothing was said and I had to bring it up with the hostess.  She denied that it was impossible that my dish had tomatoes because my appetizer was a steak tar tar (let's be real, I know the difference between raw steak and a tomato). She said that the only way there would be a tomato is if a tomato fell in my dish (despite my whole plate filled with tomatoes).  After she brought the manager and he and both the hostess continued to tell me that there's no way I had that on my dish.  Then one of the hostess realized that maybe the waitress may have given me one of my friends appetizers and my friend didn't realize she was eating my appetizer.  Now that there was clarity, they changed my meal from a 3 course entry price to a 2 course entry price to "compensate", no apology, no responsibility. It's just disappointing how much they don't realize the severity of allergies, and what would of happened if I had to use my Epinephrine Pen to prevent anaphylaxis (severe allergic reaction).  To top it off, the manager reprimanded his waitress in front of us, "how professional."  I have to give this restaurant 1 star because this restaurant may conceptually be a "great idea" but a lawsuit waiting to happen.
5	I actually made a spur of the moment birthday reservation here without knowing it was an in the dark experience. When we first got there the place looks sketchy and boarded up from the outside but once in the door everything makes sense. Definitely indulge in a surprise course. It is quite hard to figure out what you are eating when you cannot see anything. The food was yummy. The ambience was pitch black. If you are scared of the dark or the unknown you will not be able to handle this.
5	We casually walked by it and decided to make a reservation for 2 days later. This place is a real gem. We didn't know what to expect. The staff is amazing and the servers are very funny, making a train in the dark to go to the restroom and to make it to our table was quite the experience. My friend had the orange and ginger chicken with buttered green cabbage and the pear profiterole with chocolate sauce; while I had the lamb shank, braised in red wine, with tomatoes and mushrooms served with cauliflower and potatoes, and for dessert I had Onoir's chocolate mouse with orange glaze and cookie crumbles. The food was amazing, the wine was good, eating in complete darkness was challenging but super-fun. We were shocked we didn't spill the wine and got food all over our shirts. The only downfall is that it's actually a little too loud, but other than that I highly recommend this restaurant!
4	This place really deserves a 4.75/5; it is a truly unique experience that anyone visiting Montreal should endeavor to have. Decor/Ambiance- 0/5-1million/5- This restaurant is staffed by blind waiters, and features a truly pitch-black experience. The staff will guide you, in single file train-like manner. inside the restaurant to your table. When I say pitch-black, I mean pitch black. Some might experience discomfort or disorientation at first, but it really is awesome. No one, except the staff who aren't blind, knows what the inside of the restaurant looks like. And that is its charm.Food- 4/5- Honestly I don't remember any of the food I ate, except for this fish, which tasted a bit too "fishy." But I opted for the surprise course, which gives the chefs freedom to make whatever they want for you. Couple this with the darkness all around, this is a treat. I liked almost everything (save for the aforementioned fishy fish).Service- 5/5- Our waiter had good comedic timing, came promptly when we called for him, and overall was helpful. Bottom line- Would love to come again. Definitely go for the awesome experience.
5	Incredible food and experience. Never realized each color of this universe was beautiful on its own.
4	Fun for once in a life time experience and food is a bit expensive. Although I wouldn't go back I would highly recommend just for one time experience
3	I have visited twice thanks to deal websites. You chose your food and drinks before you go in, but the place itself can be rather noisy with the small space and your hearing hightened. My eyes always dart around so I got a headache for the first 15-20 minutes on both occasions, if you have a night mask I would suggest bringing it. The food was great but I was a little disappointed with their service for my mother. She chose the "surprise" dishes which ended up being calamari appetizer and fried pork main. They should have known better than to serve her two deep fried dishes, it really ruined her experience which was quite disappointing.Food:  8/10Service:  6/10 - they need to think through what they're servingPrice:  7/10 - Worth trying, but maybe not coming backAtmosphere: 7/10 - Interesting, but can back fire
2	our experience was nothing like what we imagined. we ordered at the bar and then were led downstairs (putting our hands on the shoulder of a visually impaired waiter). It was A LOT louder than we expected when we found our seats. It was difficult to hear my husband from across the table. We were having fun eating the bread he put in the middle of our table- trying to get some butter on it. It's totally dark- your eyes don't adjust. You end up eating with your hands most of the time to avoid poking yourself in the eye with your fork. At first, my husband and I had fun trying to feed each other the appetizers we ordered. They messed up our order though and we ended up eating something we didn't want- which was confusing because we weren't 100% sure of that. We asked the waiter about it and he avoided the question. We ordered a surprise dish for our entree, which was a big mistake. I thought it was fried mushy fish and my husband thought it was beef. It turned out to be fried pork meatballs...gross. The other food wasn't up to par either...you definitely pay for the experience and not the food. About an hour and a half had passed and we were waiting for dessert with very sticky fingers. By this time, we were growing very impatient and had yelled out the name of our waiter four times (that's the only way they will come to your table) without him coming. My husband was really uncomfortable, which made me really uncomfortable. When our waiter finally arrived, we cancelled dessert and headed out.Could have been a cool experience, but overall very disappointing. Wish it was the quiet culinary experience we were hoping for. We won't be dining in the dark again any time soon.
3	Nut-free kitchen! I was worried about going here with my tree nut allergy, but it turned out to be nut free. (Wish it said so on the website...) The experience was really interesting, but my meal was pretty bad. My friends liked their food, but the vegetarian option when I went was damp and cold. The menu called it a 'roll' and I assumed it was spring rolls; I think it might've been a lettuce wrap. Whatever it was, it was kind of gross. My dessert was good though. Go for the experience, not for the food. Probably still worth it, but only once, for the novelty.
4	I was really nervous coming here. You choose your meal before being seated. There are lockers for your valuables to leave outside. A server takes you inside by way of a Congo line. The server seats you at your table. Gives you an option of being sat next to each other or across from one another.  The server will then guide water to you by telling you where he is and where he will be playing the items. It is pitch black. I ordered the calamari salad and the filet mignon and both were amazingly delicious. It was tricky to eat but what did i care? No one could see me. I just used my hands when necessary. It was definitely worth the experience.
4	So my husband and I were celebrating our anniversary and I decided to surprise him all the while praying he wouldn't bolt from the door when he realized we would be eating in complete darkness!!  We pulled up in a taxi and the driver said, "I think they're closed"!  LOL!  We walked in and the young lady in the front (that area is dimly lit) gave us a menu for us to pick out what we wanted and took our drink orders.  We were then led into the back by our server, Michael.  I put my hands on his shoulders (hubby put his hands on my shoulders) and in we went.  As soon as we went through the door it was PITCH black! You can't see your hand in front of your face.  Michael led us through the restaurant and guided us to our seats.  He NEVER missed a beat...didn't bump into anything at all.  It was AMAZING! For our meals, we had duck confit and a salmon and trout salad for appetizers, beef short ribs and orange ginger chicken for dinner.  Everything was very tasty.  My husbands short ribs melted like butter! It was VERY strange trying to eat in the dark.  We gave up on using forks and just used our fingers.  The darkness certainly enhances your other senses.  I could 'feel' when someone was standing or walking behind me which was a little creepy.  I was so impressed how the servers walk through the restaurant without bumping into each other.  They just say, "Attencion" as they move about to alert the others.  Oh and all of the wait staff is either blind or legally blind.An UNFORGETTABLE and humbling experience.  Try it!  It's very different but something you'll be talking about for years to come!! P.S....They also had a live jazz band when we were there.  Nice touch!
4	Came here for vaca. LOVE MONTREAL! We flew in and were starving. We Yelped for dinner places around Saint-Catherine, since that's where we were staying. This place came up. Not really knowing anything about the resturant, besides the name, we decided to walk over and see what is was all about. When we walked in the lady asked us if we had reservations, we told her no. So she said, let me see what I can do. Within 10 mins, she said are we ready. She advised us we had to put our stuff in the locker and order up front. She handed us a menu and every thing looked so delicious. I got a little nervous expecting what we were going to walk into. Our waiter walked in w/sunglasses and asked us to hold on to his shoulder, we walked in and HOLY gosh! It was PITCH DARK! We followed him, which seemed like FOREVER, I asked to use the restroom, so we had to take a little detour. The restroom was lightly dim but able to see yourself. The waiter waited for us and lead us to our table. He explained where everything was on our table and told us our food will be coming out shortly. THE FOOD! The experience was a one in a million. I can't tell you how our food looked like but the taste was fantastic! I had the steak, which was already cut up for you and the veggies were amazing. This is worth the experience. Also Saint-Catherine is a happening street!
5	A very interesting experience.  I was not  sure what to expect.  First you're guided to your table by a waiter and it is completely dark. This forces you to focus on your senses. They offer surprise appetizers, entrees, and desserts. I chose a surprise appetizer and it was very good. I won't ruin the surprise so you will have to find it.  My entree was Filet mignon and was excellent. It was nice to just speak to my wife and not look at my phone every few minutes.  The only issue was the restroom. My wife had to go an we waited awhile to be guided there. There was also a table of young kids who were loud and obnoxious. They showed up at the end of our meal so it did not completely ruin the experience. I highly recommend, and would go again.
4	A view you must experience for yourself! Eating in total darkness is an incredible unique concept and it helps that the food is very good. If you find yourself in Montreal, you won't regret giving this place a try.
4	A unique experience and certainly worth seeking out for a special occasion.It does take a few minutes to get used to the atmosphere, but by the first course you stop trying to see things and just concentrate on the food, the chatter around you, and your companions. The tables around us seemed to be filled with loud, celebratory groups, but O.Noir is also a good choice for a romantic occasion, assuming your date is into it. You would think they'd let the food slide, but no: It's first-rate and not gimmicky at all. We ordered from the menu before entering the dining room (there are "surprise" options for the more adventurous among us), and it was still a challenge to identify what was on our plates at any given time. This turned out to be tremendously entertaining, both because we really paid attention to each mouthful, and because sometimes we had to resort to eating with our hands.(Don't worry, you won't be covered in food by the time you emerge. I was absolutely convinced we would embarrass ourselves, but we left looking none the worse for wear.)The only issue was getting the attention of our server. He was absolutely wonderful: charming and soft-spoken. But there was a long period after dessert when we simply could not locate him. First, we called his name, then we chanted it, then we resorted to making up songs with his name in it. Nothing. After a while (How long? no idea.), he innocently turned up, asking how everything was.This was not a big deal, but it made us realize that things can get strange at O.Noir. There is absolutely no way you can leave your table without the help of the waitstaff; don't even try it. So raise your voice if you need to. You won't be the only one.
4	Great experience. Depending what you choose it is easy to eat with a fork but if you take the hen I am sorry to say you will need to eat with your hands.
