4	Good new Chinese spot in Chinatown, stop in for the Dim Sum.I had lunch here recently, and enjoyed what I ordered.  I had the lunch special, which is customizable.  My order:  Hot n' Sour soup and Pork soup buns (dumplings.)  The soup was a little too viscous for my likings.  It was like a thick, egg drop soup.  The flavor was nice, both hot and sour as advertised, but I didn't love it. The pork soup buns were incredible.  The waitress recommended them, and she was spot on!  The dumplings were filled with tender pork, and a deliciously light broth.  Think of these as a self-contained, wonton soup.  I like Three Village Restaurant a lot for it's great value, friendly service, and good dumplings.  Like all Dim Sum restaurants, this is better for groups so you can try it all.
3	I haven't had the dim sum yet. I just came here to try out their xiao long bao. It's alright. Doesn't stand out from other places. I think the juice inside was just a bit too sweet for my taste. However, I would come here if I crave xiao long bao. I'm not sure why many places use that black soy-vinegar sauce. I hate that smell and taste. Clear-white vinegar mix with soy sauce or lemon juice with the garlic has better taste.
4	I have been to this place twice in the past two weeks and give this place 4 stars, as you can see with my rating. =)The place was clean and the staff was helpful.  The first time we came, they only had two high chairs for kids.  We had 3 babies that needed high chairs.  Luckily, one of our friends brought their portable infant seat, so no problems.  The reason why I mentioned this is that the 2nd time we went, the week after, they had 5 high chairs.  Talk about addressing the customer's needs.  =)We had the Pork Dumpling with Supreme soup.  This is basically a pork dumpling that has broth/soup inside and comes out when you bite into it.  I normally pick up the dumpling and put it into a soup spoon, so I don't lose the broth when I bite into it.  It lets me slurp up the broth that falls into the spoon after.  My buddy puts the dumpling into a small bowl, so that the broth doesn't escape.  To each their own.  =)  I found the broth tasty and the dumpling delicious.  Note, this is the first time I have tried this dish anywhere, so I have nothing to compare it to.  Regardless, my taste buds liked it.  =) We got the Pork Dumpling with Supreme soup combination, which lets you pick from one of four soups they offer, I think...  I had the hot and sour soup.  The first week, it wasn't sour enough and was kinda bland.  The 2nd time it was fine for me.  I'll have to come back and see if they get consistent.  However, the bowl size is pretty large and just for an extra $1 with the combination, I'm not complaining.Another dish we tried was the twice cooked pork.  If you like pork belly, do not get grossed out with fat, and not health conscious, I suggest you try this dish.  The pork belly and tofu is thinly sliced an tastes so good.  It is served in black bean sauce I think, so it has a slightly salty taste.  Note, it is normally served spicy, but we asked that the dish not be served spicy.  Overall, I would come back here again.
4	The pork soup buns are very tasty. I love their combos. The soups are very light and not overly salted like many other chinese places.  Finally a place where you can dig in without feeling guilty :)
4	Service was okay the first time.. & the other food is okay.. but when I come here, I ALWAYS order the Sliced Beef Rolls.I've been back here a number of times since with my friends and we like to order the beef rolls and the xiao long bao. It's very fragile and hot so when you pick it up to eat, you have to be very careful.Otherwise, the service has been better. When I get the cravings for beef rolls, I head here.If you want to pay with a credit card, there's a $20 minimum charge. Too high. :(
4	Had came here one day with friends after a few of them told me it being pretty good. Had been a while since i had shanghai style food so had hopes up =] So the restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of the Pacfic Asian? Mall on the south side of Spring Mountain near Decatur, by the "old" SF market. The restaurant took the spot of where the old Champion restaurant used to be.Service was decent. Food was pretty good. Decent priced. Menu is kind of small and they are not an authentic full shanghai style restaurant. Reason why i said their menu is small and not an fully authenic shanghai style restaurant is because there is a few dishes i always order when i go to a shanghai style restaurant, which includes the shanghai style stir fried noodles and the shanghai style rice cake.But anyways, of a party of 5, we had ordered a few things like the Xiao Long Bao, beef rolls, mapo tofu, and Shang Qian Bao. Some of these items were on their Lunch Special menu which is maybe a dollar more than the normal price but it comes with a choice of a soup (Hot and Sour Soup, Curry beef noodle soup, or this other noodle soup) and the main dish. Lets begin with my favorite Xiao Long Bao. Its a popular dumpling dish that usually come in 8 in a steamer rack. What makes them so popular is that it is a pork dumpling that has a "pouch" of soup that gets formed after the steaming process at the bottom of the dumpling. Extreme care when picking this up when its hot because the wrapper of the dumpling is more prone to breaking open because it is soft. Luckily for me, after many years of eating these, im quite skilled now to pick these up without it breaking and losing all that yummy soup. good tip is to slightly nudge in all direction with chopsticks on the top part where they had "Closed" the dumpling to lift the dumpling off the wax paper. With the use of both a spoon and chopsticks, lift it up from the top "knot" part and place onto spoon then bring back to your bowl. Be careful ! its hot but thats what makes it good too. Their Xiao Long Bao was made using a very thin wrapper (which is good). Also they contain possibly the MOST soup in each dumpling i have ever had which is quite surprising considering the thin wrapper too. Very nice and flavorful. Great eaten with vinegar (and ginger for those who like ginger, i personally dont haha)Next is the beef rolls. One of my friends favorite item. 2 long wrap style rolls cut into portions. Nicely wrapped so it doesnt fall apart easily. Flavorful and good balance between the beef and the cilanto inside the wrap. Next is the mapo tofu. There are many ways of making this and ive tried quite a few from different restaurants around the world as well as home-made ones. Some like to add minced meat, or more spice, or more of the popular sichuan style spice which gives the "numbing" effect. This restaurants style is a plain cubed tofu with the mapo tofu sauce. Their style is more on the sweet than spicy side. Tofu used was a soft/silk style so its very smooth. Last but not least is the Shang Qian Bao. Its a bun style dumpling with probably the same filling as the XIao Long Bao that was pan fried so the bottom has a nice crisp. Topped with green onions and black sesame, their size is pretty good. Like the Xiao Long Bao, they contain soup inside to (so be careful when eating this one too). Nice and flavorful as well. Overall, the experience at eating at this restaurant was pretty good. Everything was decently price, fairly average for this style of cuisine. They currently have the best Xiao Long Bao in the city from the places i have tried. Would like to come here again =]
4	Little Dragon Bun. YUM!! Can't really get it anywhere else.The beef roll was yummy too, but it was better the first time I was there but not the 2nd... but this is a great place to get Chinese food that you really can't find in most other restaurants... like the Little Dragon Bun!! It is a must try for anyone who hasn't, and a must have for those who have had it before.Good food and average service for a Chinese restaurant. But a great location. I would say 3.5 stars, but I like this place so I'll round up.
4	thanks to Jane K.'s recommendation. me and my plus one decided to give it a try. first off, it's hard to get too. i couldn't find the exact location. the best way to get there is by parking on the 2nd floor and use the middle elevators that divide the plaza as a landmark, the restaurant is just passed those elevators. it's a quiet, small restaurant. we received great service from the young man server, but there was another server, an older woman, where we asked if there was pan-fried noodles and she said hold on. what the heck? ..well, to answer that, there's no pan-fried noodles. i got the combo of pork dumpling with supreme soup and curry beef thin noodle soup. and he got pan-fried pork bun and fried tofu thin noodle soup. pork dumpling supreme soup was deeeelish! i've only tried soup dumplings in socal so i was excited that there's a place in LV that serves them. the curry beef thin noodle reminded me of the soup my mom use to make when i got sick as child :) pan-fried pork bun tasted exactly like pork dumplings but wrapped thicker and pan-fried. i prefer not to order them together, they're almost the same dish! so, both our combos was a total of $17 +some change, which is not that bad!
4	Excellent pot stickers. Also the soup dumplings were comparable to ones I've had in nyc's famous joshanghai's restaurant in china town.  We ordered their special noodle (I don't know the name) that they are supposed to be known for...it seemed like it was microwaved before we got the plate, but I'm not sure because this was the first time I have ever had this type of noodle and have nothing to compare it to.Went to get some more potstickers... Apparently they do not always make pot stickers. :( so heads up not everything on the menu is available.
4	Came here with a friend who said their buns are good. The soup was a little spicy and the pork dish was delicious. I would come back!
3	The soup dumplings were fun--I've never had them before. A little hard to find. The key is to look at the suite numbers.  Like several other places I've been to in Vegas, they only take cash.  If they took credit cards, I'd give another star.
3	I went for lunch with my family because I wanted some xiao long bao (soup style dumpling is what I believe is on the menu).We ordered 2 steamed and 1 fried, also a beef roll, 8 ingredient noodle, some chicken dish, a fried pancake thing and something else I can't remember.The steamed xiao long bao wasn't bad, I think they should have steamed it a little longer but the flavors were there and the best part is the juicy soup instead of the dumpling with some black vinegar - the only way to eat them!The fried ones were pretty good, the dough to meat ratio was good and I just love the way the dough tastes with the juices on the inside.The beef roll was pretty tasty, not too crazy oily, so that was good.I could have done without the noodle dish because there should have been more sauce and there were indeed 8 ingredients, but they were a little cheap on it.  The noodles were freshly made, so that was a plus.The chicken dish was horrible; it first came out with no flavor whatsoever.  We sent it back - instead of making another fresh dish, they re-cooked it adding more "flavor", but the meat got tough and there was slight flavor the second time.  It also just tasted like old chicken and something they probably cooked a couple times before.  We told one of the servers our problem with the chicken dish.  It seems like it went out the other ear because it was still on the bill.  We told another server the problem with the chicken and it still being on our bill and he went to take it off.  That just left a bad taste in our mouth since it was obvious that we didn't eat the chicken and all that.We'll be back because of the xiao long bao.
2	Because I play mah-jong, I was able to spot the chinese character "3" in the name Three Village Restaurant.  And because the sign isn't in English, I was expecting authentic Chinese food that would transport me back to China.  Maybe I ordered the wrong items, because it was just OK.  I have had freshly made xiao long bao, and these did not taste fresh at all.  The service, however, was the most disappointing part.  There was only 1 other table besides my family in the restaurant, and every time I attempted to get 1 of the 2 servers' attention, it was like hailing a cab in New York City.  They were just too busy talking to each other.  I am used to not so warm service in Chinese restaurants, but being completely ignored is unacceptable.
5	so i cam in today just for one thing and that is of course the Shanghai soup dumpling . i ordered to pan fries style OMG it was so delicious. all it need is some black vinegar, a lil chili paste and a few drop of soy sauce .... man it was super crispy on the bottom and steamy on the top. The feeling is super good ,the taste was on point and of course the juice just squirted out as soon as u take a bite... Warning juice from the Dumpling squirts up to 3 feet so watch out ...
4	ok.. if u follow me at all u know i love spicy and Asian food.. this place delivered... The food was really good but the dim sum was better than most. I really loved the dumplings.. and the service was good too.. Now.. it isn't my loved Dong Ting Spring.. but it is in the arena!
3	I went in for lunch and had the shrimp dumplings and beef roll. They were both good especially the beef roll that i ordered an extra to take home. The only think that sucked was the service. The waitress was on her phone talking the whole time and sat down most of the time. Other than that everything went pretty well.
4	I've gone to the Three Villages 5 times for lunch.  The first few times, I just ordered what they're known for, the soup dumplings.  Although they're delicious, because they're a bit heavy, the last two times I ordered some of the other items on the menu.  The seasonal vegetable in garlic is some of the best I've ever had.  They didn't have my favorite, the snow peapod leaves but the ong-choy was outstanding.  Their hot and sour soup is also one of the best.  Unlike some restaurants that serve pre-made gummy and salty soup, the soup at this place came out perfect.  The last time I was there, I ordered the 8 Treasures noodle dish.  It was the freshest home-made noodles served with vegetables, shrimp, and meat.  The service was also very good.
5	This is a TRUE AUTHENTIC Chinese food restaurant you don't want to miss when you visit Vegas. The "little dragon steam bun"/steam pork dumpling is as good as the one you can have at "Din Tai Fong", a Chinese/Taiwanese owned chain restaurant in LA and in Taiwan. Other than that, the meat pancake, "cat ears" dish, scallion pancake, Shanghai stir fry rice cake and many more are fantastic.  You will trust me if you try the above.  ENJOY!
3	***3.5 stars***Our hiking group went here today for our annual Chinese New Year lunch.  One of our hiking group is Chinese and she ordered the same thing for us all.  We had a choice of the soup we wanted--I chose hot and sour soup--and everyone got an order of Xiao Long Bao, the soup dumplings about which many of the reviews mention.The soup and dumplings were both very good.  I've had Xiao Long Bao before at another restaurant and these were on par or even a bit better.  The hot and sour soup was tasty.  Finding the place was a bit hard.  There was no sign that I saw--certainly none from the parking lot.  I knew it was on the second floor of this shopping plaza in Chinatown, but I didn't know to head down the little area that runs south from the elevator.There were 10 of us at the round table.  Service was adequate--nothing special.  They delivered the dishes we ordered but did not bring refills of water and we had to ask for more tea.  One pot for a table of 10?In all, it was a nice lunch to celebrate the Year of the Dragon.
4	So I have been here many times just finally writing a review.  I take a lot of out of town guests here to try something new they won't find at home.  We traveled across the world to have the original dumplings in Shanghai both fried and steamed they are street food there but to find them good here it is an experience.  We have searched the country over to find them in the US San Francisco, Chicago, New York and LA the only place that has come close was New York and LA.  So needless to say I was so happy to find better then New York or LA here in Vegas!  The steamed dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)  in my opinion are the closest to the ones in Shanghai. Now here is the thing the fried soup dumplings (not sure of the actual name in Chinese) we have never found in the US are amazing here and just like the ones we had in Shanghai.  The owner who works in the kitchen is from Shanghai and makes the dumplings himself if you get there late they will be sold out of the fried ones.  I am almost always the only white person here so you know the food is good!   A few of the other things we always order is the Lamb Cumin and the Beef Roll also very good.Most of the places we have found that have Xiao Long Bao the wrapping is thick, sticky and stale.  The trick to these dumplings is the wrapping is thin and it has to have an even mixture so the flavors fully come through or it is just a waste of time.  The wrapper here is so thin if you have heavy hands you will tear the wrapper and all the soup comes out!  Party Foul!!!!  So be very gentle picking it up put it softly in your soup spoon and bite a little off the top to let it cool.  Pour a bit of black vinegar in the opening and add your ginger to your liking.  Now If you let them sit too long in the tin they will start to stick to the bottom and the whole experience is ruined because you will never get any soup.  The pan Fried dumplings are thicker, bigger and have more meat in it.  You do not have to be careful picking these up but still gentle.  Do not let these sit to long either or the soup will absorb into the breading.This place is a bit hard to find the name of the restaurant is written in chinese it is on the second floor kinda heading towards the back.  I just park of the second floor and head right in.  This is an authentic chinese restaurant so if you want nice waiters and tables that are constantly being bussed then this isn't your place.  But if you want authentic hard to find GREAT soup dumplings then head on in!
4	The only reason why I come here is to eat their Xiao Long Bao, and for their Xiao Long Bao and the other entrees that they have, I think this place deserves a 4 star. Like what other people said, this place now has the best Xiao Long Bao in Vegas and I loveee to eat them.I liked most of the other food here too, all the dumplings, noodles, and the hot and sour soup is pretty good. I usually get the special that they have, so I get the entree and the soup too. The other soup are bad though, it tasted like they just used instant noodle soup... I tried their Shanghai Stir-fried noodle before, it tasted good, but a little too oily. Also, their Pan-fried Xiao Long Bao is just alright, I had it once and the some of the  soup inside it leaked, so almost half of them were dry inside.
4	Three Village is another favorite chinese restaurant of mine. You must try their pork dumplings very juicey and very tastey! Also i recommend ordering the beef wraps everyone loves it , along with their pork belly. Price is pretty cheap and you get your moneys worth.. service is great much better than all the other chinese restaurant.. I highly recommend this place if your ever in the chintown area..
5	This is an excellent authentic Shanghai style restaurant.  I tried the onion pancakes (cong you bing) and soup combo.  The onion pancakes were delicious and cooked perfectly.  For the soup, I picked hot and sour.  I was expecting a small bowl of soup since it was part of a combo but they brought a fairly large bowl.  This was some of the best hot and sour soup I've had, with lots of egg and tofu in it and a good broth that had just the right combination of hot and sour.  I also ordered the "empty center" vegetable (kong xin cai) - it was not bad but not sure I would order it again.The service was good, with a friendly waitress that was attentive about keeping my water glass full.Next time I plan to try one of their main specialties, the Shanghai dumplings with broth inside of them.
3	Have a crave for the pork dumplings one night and came here. There aren't a lot of restaurants in Vegas that offer that dish. Ordered a pork dumplings with supreme soup combo. I actually like the chicken soup they have. The pork dumplings are just alright.  My boyfriend ordered Mongolian beef but they gave us Mongolian lamb instead....Didn't bother to ask for a change because we are in a hurry. Food deserves 3.5 starsService- there's only one server at that time... It's slow and she is not really attentive. Asked for our bill few times and she still couldn't see us.  2 stars! What's worse is after I went home.... My throat felt so dry...Ah... Bet it's all the MSG in the soup!
5	As someone who eats Chinese food in New York City, Beijing, and all over the world, I can truly say that Three Village restaurant in Las Vegas is a hidden gem, a real local treasure. Although the dumplings were perhaps a tad on the sweet side, they were very solid. Also the shanghai noodles were outstanding. However, by my lights the real surprise were the soups. The hot and sour and other soups that we tried were outstanding.Service was friendly, polite, and efficient. Couldn't want anything better in that regard. The decor and atmosphere are straightforward and absolutely presentable. In short, amazing food for very little money. Highly recommended.
3	First things first, the food is great.  This is the only Shanghai place in Chinatown (I think) and their food is as close to authentic as Vegas can get.  I especially love their specials menu on the back where if you order one entree, you can get a soup for a little extra charge.  You can get a lot of food for under $10.  When I went here, I ordered these noodles with beans, peanuts, mushrooms, tofu, and meat in a special sauce.  I think they're called Eight Noodles or something, but I love these.  Only Three Village serves these noodles.  Slightly spicy, piping hot, and al dente noodles, this was my favorite dish.  I ordered it with the hot and sour soup.  Normally, restaurants add too much sour and corn starch so it becomes almost gelatinous.  Here, the texture of the soup was perfect as well as the balance between sour and spicy. The worst part of the restaurant, however, is the service.  Never before has the service been such a killer of my good-food feel.  I'm pretty tolerant of bad service, too, but the waitress ignored our table the entire time.  Even worse, there is only one waitress.  When I went, there was only one other table, and she spent 15-20 minutes conversing with the table while I had to get up and service myself.  Worst service.  Ever.
5	Awesome hidden gem that I just discovered.  This place has the best Xiao Long Bao - hands down.  When you go to China Mama or Wendy's, the XLB are shriveled up and sometimes completely dried out.   The XLB at Three Village are probably at least 33% bigger in size and does not look like it was frozen.   These are handmade.The pan fried XLB are also delicious but very filling.   I prefer the steamed but many will like the pan fried especially if you're a fan of the pan fried noodles.We also ordered the lamb dumplings which were very addicting.  We will soon return within 15 hours as we're returning the next day to try their vegetable and fish dumplings.   The Shanghai Stir fried noodles were extremely flavorful but a little oily.  Still very good.I'm amazed this place has only 3.5 stars.   This should be at least 4 stars.  They have combos where you can get xiao long bao along with a soup for maybe 1-2 dollars more.  We had some hot and sour soup which was decent but the star of the show is the dumplings.   Prior to coming here I would go to Noodle Pot for dumplings.  Their dumplings are very good - very homestyle, simple.   These dumplings are Shanghai style more refined.  They're both great options but in terms of Xiao Long Bao soup dumplings, this is the new king.** Warning - there is usually only 1 waitress serving.  It is worth the wait or go kill time and come back when it dies down....The food is awesome - only downside is the wait **
5	the soup dumplings (house shanghai dumplings and shanghai pan-fried dumplings) are the beSTTTT! best in vegas for me so far. I love them so much, i rarely venture off to try other items on the menu.
5	Great shanghai soup bun. It is the best in town. Just be careful of the hot yummy juices inside the bun. The hot and sour soup is by far the best in town.
4	Well isn't this a hidden gem my parents found in Chinatown of Las Vegas!  I was so excited to learn that there was some what of an authentic place to eat Shanghainese/Taiwanese/Chinese style food in Vegas!  I must say first this, you need to understand that it is nearly impossible to get the same kind of food you get when you're either in China or Taiwan, probably because it something in the water, or just that the best cooks stay in their home country! ;-)  This place however, comes close at satisfying those cravings for the things I love to eat in Asia!  A few of my favorites here are the beef rolls, wrapped in green onion pancakes, the xiao long bao (little soup dumplings), the fish dumplings, stir-fry rice cakes (shanghainese style), and the Jing Dong bing (which is a type of pancake with pork inside).  Each bite was sooo nostalgic to Asia!  Although it cannot compare to the places I've eaten at in Taiwan, it was pretty close and I can't complain...It is much much cheaper to drive to spring mountain to grab a quick bite than to fly to Asia for a long trip! ;-) Am I right? Service is a bit slow at this place, but that's probably because there's only 1 lady running the entire restaurant in the front (or at least that what it seemed to me when I was there).  I understand hard work and the amount of stress it is to be in that position, so I decided to just jump in and help her with refilling the tea pots at my table and grabbing some take out boxes!  She didn't seem to mind, and in fact, she seemed pretty happy to see so many of my friends and I enjoy the food at her restaurant.  I am definitely coming back here again to get my cravings satisfied! =D
5	It's a mystery to me that this place does not have a 5 star rating.  If it was possible I would give them 10 stars!  Their dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) are to die for.  They offer them steamed or pan-fried.  Both varieties are good, but I prefer the steamed, as the pan-fried are much larger and seem to be more wrapper, making it harder to enjoy the flavor of the pork filling.  We've loved every variety that we've tried, Shang hai style (pork), house, seafood, and lamb.  The pork belly is so freaking good too.   I enjoy their beef roll pie, which is a green onion pancake stuffed with beef & fresh cilantro, but be warned that it is very filling.  If you order any of their combo dishes, you get a choice of soup with your dish : hot & sour, beef noodle curry, or tofu noodle curry.  I'm a big fan of the beef noodle curry.Be very careful when eating the steamed dumplings; they come out VERY fresh and VERY hot.  My technique is to poke a small hole in the top to allow it to cool for a minute before attempting to eat it.This place is such a great value, as every time we come we pig out, but when the bill comes it's so cheap for all of the delicious dumplings that we put away.  Without question this is my favorite place to eat, and I just can't get enough of their authentic dumpling goodness.
4	This place lives up to the hype because the food is absolutely delicious and pretty darn cheap too. So I read from other reviews that its kind of difficult to find because the sign is in Chinese, however I think that was awhile back ago because there is a huge sign now in English that says 3 Village. It's actually big enough to be seen from down the parking lot and even when driving on Spring Mtn. None the less, the restaurant is located upstairs just south of the elevator. My friend and I came during a week day for lunch and I would say it was about 75% filled to occupancy and that's a good amount considering it was a week day. Also all the patrons looked Chinese except us, which implies this place is authentic right? We both order the specials that comes with the soup. The fried tofu was really delicious with a home made taste, but modified for a restaurant. Loved it! We also had the pork dumpling and beef roll. The dumpling was AMAZING because you immediately know these are made in house and they even have some broth inside of them?! Really unique because I've never had dumplings with liquid inside. The beef roll was really good too. I was expecting this to be like a spring roll but it was kind of different because it was some type of thin savory pancake they rolled the beef in. Lastly both the soup and beef roll had cilantro in them and I love cilantro so it really added the taste of freshness to both dishes. Highly recommend this place, the only down side it that the service is terrible. Probably because there was only 1 server taking care of the entire front of the house? We asked for water- never got it, didn't check up on us after receiving our food and it took awhile for us to get our check. I was actually going to order something to-go, but I gave up. Why must Chinese restaurants have bad service 90% of the time?!
5	It feels like it's been a while since I've had the pleasure of writing a 5 star review.   That's not for lack of trying, but lately new places I've tried just simply have not completely impressed me.  Today that changed.I'd been wanting to try Three Village for quite some time ever since I'd read some of the extremely positive reviews of their XLB or Soup Dumplings as us normal people call them (kidding).   I used to frequent China Mama regularly and really loved their version, so I was excited to try these as they seem to be more popular.  I ordered the Shanghai Soup Dumpling Combo with The Beef Curry Noodle Soup, and my friend ordered some noodle dish that I can't find any evidence of what it was called here on the site.  I should have paid more attention.  He got the Hot and Sour soup just so he could be different from me.  We also shared a Beef Roll.First up was my soup in a much larger than I anticipated bowl.  I figured since it was part of the combo special it'd be a small serving.  I actually thought they might have made a mistake and brought out the same soup for my friend and I thinking we'd ordered the same kind.  It had a great mild curry flavor, and had quite a bit of noodle and not enough beef for my liking, but is there EVER enough beef for my liking?  Really loved the flavor on this.  Next came the soup dumplings and my friend's noodle dish at once, so now we were certain they'd forgotten his hot and sour soup.  I wasn't quite ready to bring it up.  Naturally I loved the soup dumplings.  They were every bit as good as I remember the China Mama version, but the advantage Three Village has is that they seemed more carefully made.  At Mama I had a lot of experience with dumplings that would burst open upon merely being touched by a chopstick, and the wrapper would just seem almost too thin and soft if that's even possible.  Many a shirt have been ruined by myself there.  Here, I didn't have one soup spillage incident.  Every single dumpling made it to my spoon for me to carefully bite the small hole into it myself.  Same great taste, less ruined shirts.  PLUS, I got to see my friend attempt to just simply pop one into his mouth even as I warned him against it.  I really wish I hated my friend so I could have enjoyed this experience more.  I'd advise anyone to bring their most hated enemy that doesn't know about soup dumplings to do thisMoving on, I really liked my friend's noodle dish as well.  It had all kinds of ingredients that I could see, including but not limited to tofu and I believe shrimp?  If I don't order it, I don't pay enough attention.   I really thought I'd find a pic of it in the pictures here on yelp, but no.   Then came my friend's hot and sour soup and the beef roll.   I wasn't too fond of his soup.  I explained I prefer it to be much more vinegary as I'm used to it at potentially more Americanized Chinese restaurants.  He said this was more traditional.   I don't know if I should believe a man who didn't even know how to eat soup dumplings, but okay.  It wasn't by any means bad, but I just like more SOUR in my hot and sour soup that I don't think this provided.  The beef roll was magical.  I'd had this dish several times at Mama but I gotta say I much prefer this version.  Much less greasy, but with all the amazing flavor I recall.  A must order.Service was friendly, fast, and efficient.  The only extremely minor gripe might be the order in which the food came out seemed haphazard and random, but really when all the food is as good as it was, I didn't really mind.
4	Living (part-time) in Vegas has allowed me to try a whole bunch of new foods I haven't been able to try - Vegas has convenient parking and amazing restaurants all within a close radius of each other. My first time at Three Village was also my first time having soup dumplings. I was in NY previously and wanted to try the famous Prosperity Dumpling, but it was too out of the way and the dirtiness kind of turned me off.  The soup dumplings here were really tasty  and since I have no frame of reference, are the best I've had so far. It was a good change of pace from the traditional steamed and fried dim sum I'm used to. They provide very large portions here - we did the soup dumpling combo with the hot and sour soup. The soup came in a very large bowl and was very flavorful, with a generous amount of egg and tofu pieces. We also had the Chicken "Beacon" (supposed to be bacon) Vegetable Rice. It was really moist, good ginger flavor and I'll think I'll try making it at home in my rice cooker. I'll be definitely coming back here to explore more of the menu. Service was attentive and the dining room was immaculately clean. It's on the 2nd floor of the complex and their is convenient parking lot right off the back door of the restaurant. Thanks Vegas yelpers for another great find!
5	While reading a vegas weekly magazine one sunny afternoon I came across a small little ad on three villages. Shanghai style dimsum it says. I am obviously intrigued. So I go to my fav yelp ap and find out what the fuss is all about. 4 star, hmmm definetely worth a check out. Off we went. Me and my lovely wife to enjoy the flavorful new food from a restaurant that we havent try before.We have the shanghai dumpling which I can honestly says one of the best I have in a long time. Its really up there with din tai fung dumpling. I also ordered the 8 combination noodles. Its absolutely fantastic. I havent enjoy eating this much. But this restaurant will be one of my new fav.
5	I've been looking for uncomplicated family style Chinese food in LV and this is it! My friends and I enjoyed pretty much every item we ordered. The only exceptions were the soup dumplings and the regular dumplings. The dumpling wrap was too doughy but the inside contents were still tasty. I really enjoyed the following items:1. Spicy fish and tofu soup - AMAZING!!! I didn't catch the name but show them the photo if you want to try it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/three-village-restaurant-las-vegas?select=4Wt4TSz7gC92XE_IQQfY0g#JSAKBr-cfIIfCU4nfIlmig2. Beef roll - the chives on the wrap brings this dish together!3. Chia Chia Myun - noodles in black bean and pork sauce4. Chinese broccoli - I could simply eat this and rice! Stir fried and perfectly salty!Lastly, they don't serve alcohol in the restaurant but they allow BYOB. What a great inexpensive dining experience. Tip: Oh and you might want to bring a Chinese friend because the staff does not speak too much English.
4	Oh, yes! I'm definitely a fan of these so called 'soup dumplings'....Ordered the following with hubby tonightCombo - hot n sour soup w/ pan fried dumplingsCombo - hot n sour soup w/ beef rollsteamed potstickersHot-n-sour soup was delish and by far my most favorite of anywhere I've ever had it.Beef roll was not greasy at all despite the way it looks - yummy, but something I can pass on next time.  The steamed potstickers were ok...I actually messed this one up because they are normally pan fried and I had them change it to steamed on accident - I was really trying to order some steamed soup dumplings.  Oh well, we'll just have to come back to try them another time - cuz we'll definitely be back.The star of our meal were the pan fried soup dumplings...I just wish I knew how to mix the vinegar, chili and soy sauce - lol!I can't wait to go back and try the pork belly and bacon rice!
4	First off, Three Villages is tucked away in the corner on the second floor of that Pacific Center/ Asian center with Bazic and Hue Thai -- near the "Massage" place. I've never had Northern style Chinese so I'm really glad I had the opportunity to try it. I ordered their steamed pork dumplings, no need to poke holes, possibly losing its contents, or any of that nonsense. Just gave it a little sauna bath in the vinegar/soy sauce for a few seconds to cool off and bada-bing you can down that sucker. Also, enjoyed the beef roll, slices of been wrapped in a thin tortilla like scallion pan cake. Lastly we ordered the Shanghai style noodle, slightly larger than chow mein with pieces of pork and napa cabbage. Overall great, warm food for 2 carbivores on a chilly day. While I'm not dying to return, I'm gonna go back when I need more yummy soup dumplings in my life. According to the homie Tony T., the place has changed hands several times and as a result the quality has suffered. I couldn't really tell as I don't have a previous experience to use as a reference point and enjoyed the food, place was clean and service was prompt and on point.
4	The soups here are amazing.  I should say though is that their broth is amazing, really good taste to it.  I had the pan fried dumplings, which are my favorite.  You have to be careful though, because the soup that come out of them is HOT!
4	This restaurant has made me one of the worst Las Vegas hosts ever. Because every time somebody comes to town and asks for Chinese, this is one of my top 3 suggestions and I almost always end up ordering the same thing. Hey, when you're Chinese and you go Chinese, there's no need to be adventurous anymore. Some of their top hits are their beef wrap (NOM NOM NOM), golden tofu, Shanghai rice cakes, and xiao long bao (soup dumplings). I'm a shameless xiao long bao elitist and my standards are higher than Yao Ming stands tall, but for the price at this joint, you are getting what you pay for, and it's good! The staff is exactly what you expect and look for in an Asian restaurant - attentive but in the backdrop so as not to interrupt the loud conversation about the table about homeland politics, scandals, and other gossip. Chew on!
3	After reading the Yelp reviews, I was able to find this restaurant with ease. They were located on W Spring Mountain Rd/near W Decatur Blvd  in Las Vegas. I drove up the ramp and found the English and Chinese names for the restaurant.  They have an English sign now.  They don't really serve the traditional Dim Sum with the metal carts.  The menu calls some of their dishes Dim Sum.I went for late dinner on a Thursday night.  The restaurant was half full.  The styrofoam containers were stacked in plain sight.  The cash register area was a mess.There was only one server running his tail off. He brought me complimentary hot tea, the food, and the bill.  Those were the only times he came to my table.The Beef Roll was okay.  There were 2 rolls on a plate which were sliced.  The sliced beef was unusual.  The beef and cilantro were rolled in a grilled wrap.  I used a lot of chili paste to give it flavor.The 8 steamed hot soup dumplings were okay.  This was the first time I have had something like this.  I was prepared for the soup to squirt out as I bit into the dumpling.I would rather have wonton soup or a plate of potstickers.  I don't think I would come back.
5	I stopped by purely for the authentic shanghai soup dumplings, which they did not disappoint.  I've been to Din Tai Fung near L.A. last year and was a bit disappointed that their soup dumplings were a bit off (probably a taiwanese style soup dumpling).  The dumplings were still good, but the skin was too thick.The dumplings at 3 Village are pretty close to the motherland version.  The skin was thin and there was a right amount of juice to meat ratio.  Definately a great spot for a quick bite or a traditional dinner.We also ordered the spicy beef and fish which was delicious as well.
4	Different take on Dimsum ordered Ala Carte food was good although some of the dumplings were flavored differently from the typical Dimsum Dumplings. Definitely will try again the food.
4	Really impressed with their xiao long bao (Shanghai steamed dumplings). I'm not an expert on them, but theirs are my second fave (Joe's in NY is still #1). I liked them so much I got two orders.
4	Better than noodle pot and they take credit cards! I'm a big fan of the beef rolls here, especially since they are consistently crispy on the outside unlike noodle pot which is hit or miss depending on how busy.  The shanghai fried noodles were flavorful and the pork in the dish is really tender.  The xiao long bao is also better than Wendy's...so all in all solid place for food.  The downside is the service....don't get me wrong very friendly server....but it was one guy serving 9 tables.  Not just serving the tables, but seating, cleaning the tables, grabbing the check...refilling water....it felt like a real life version of the cooking mama game.  Despite the slow service, I'd still return for the food.
1	Went there last Friday .. Sing said move downstairs .It is no longer the same super fantastic restaurant..The afternoon special no longer, the good beef noodle from the previous owner no longer serve replaced by thin Japanese ramen just awful.The pan fried buns were just passed. Missed the old 'Three Villages 'It was a fantastic restaurant.. The new place just not worth the trip.
1	Sadly, I think 3 Villages is no more!Went last night craving soup dumplings - and there is a sign on the door saying the restaurant has moved downstairs...but it is NOT 3 Villages. It is called "1900" - very different menu. "The Guy" was nowhere in sight. I asked the waitress, "Why did you move" and she answered "I don't know - maybe they had some disagreement?" which I took to mean that the people running 1900 are not the 3 Villages people.As for the food, ehhhh...most of what we asked for was not actually available, and the few things we got - beef roll, xuxi smoked fish, and shanghai noodles were just OK. I mourn the soup dumplings!
3	I was debating between 3 and 4 stars but when I remembered the workers, the service, and how long it took to get our food... I decided to go with 3. Also, the steamed soup dumplings that everyone raved about.... definitely just a 3. Have you tried these dumplings in NYC or LA? Honestly, they are incomparable. My visit here was still very much rewarding because I devoured their noodles in black bean sauce. I've always been a big fan of this dish, but many Chinese restaurants tend to screw it up... making it too bland or too salty. They did a great job here! The noodles were sticking together a bit too much, but that didn't stop me from finishing the entire bowl! It was delicious. My other favorite item had to be their hot and sour soup. Not too salty, great flavor, hearty, generous portion, and it certainly made me happy :). For a Chinese restaurant, the food took WAYYY too long. The hot and sour soup came first, but not for a little while. Probably at least 10-15 minutes. Soup at a Chinese restaurant is usually at your table within the first couple minutes tops. It took another 10 minutes or so for the noodles with black bean sauce. Thank goodness this dish was so damn good, otherwise I would've gotten irritated at how much longer the dumplings took. Once the dumplings got there, we realized we are getting pretty full. Then, perhaps 30 minutes after the dumplings arrived, when we were pretty much done eating, the beef roll was put on our table. Ummm... oops. Forgot we even ordered that! We technically should've just sent it back politely letting them know that we are done eating already, and over 45 minutes for a not-so-complex dish is unacceptable. Instead, we went the more civil route and boxed it up to take home. So overall, the prices here are fair, the ambiance is average (definitely doesn't feel like a Chinese restaurant though), and the mood is pretty dull. The workers were super unfriendly, swamped with only a few tables, and inattentive. They have a lot to work on, but some of their dishes are so good that they're worth going back for.
5	The Chef moved downstairs, 1900 Restaurant or 1900 Cuisine Restaurant (not sure of the exact name) still delicious and more menu options. They have Giant Soup Dumplings $4.99 for one. So good! Service is still terrible.
1	Food is still good, maybe even better. The service is still the same, actually even worst. I still give the food 4 to 5 stars but service is negative 4 to 5 stars.
