5	The nicest Barros location I have been to yet.  My boyfriend claims that the new building, ample air conditioning, and "nicer" decor takes away from the "true appeal" of a pizza joint.  But I however, appreciate all the nice clean newness of this location.  The booths are still comfortable and crack free.  Rich woods and large flat screen tvs are seen around the dining room.  Actual chairs from this decade at the tables add a nice feel as well.  The ladies room was clean and smell free.  And as always the pizza was totally delicious.   Oh Barros, why do I love you so?
5	One of my favorite pizza places in the west valley so far!! I have had their pizza 3 times and it is always delicious.I have only had delivery & pick-up.
5	This place is consistent and I like it.  The young chick who took our order last time was here again, and there was that glimpse of "hey, I remember you guys" in her service, as she seemed to have our order in the computer before we finished our sentences.  She was efficient and amused by our random banter.  Definitely winner of all the Barro's I've been to so far.
3	Not bad pizza.  the place was very buy with takeout and eat ins.  We always try the woks first,  th staff was helpful being our first time that was good. They gave us a menu and a magnet as first timers.  It took awile to get the pizza but it had lots of toppings.   The manager or owner not sure which came bye to ask if all was okay. We will probably go back because we have yet to find anything a whole lot better.
5	Perhaps one of the best lunch deals out there. The pizza is always tasty and salad bar is an added bonus. The staff are always friendly and the decor is actually very nice.
4	I'm a bit of a pizza snob.  Having worked @ one for several years.  I know what I like. Having been here for a dozen years I missed Barro's back home. We like Barro's.  We like them a lot.  We were so excited when we saw they were opening a store closer to us.  They have yet to let us down.  To quote the hubs "it just a quality pizza"  It is.  We've taken out and we've eaten inside.  It's always super clean and very relaxed.  Multiple televisions and the back area is super nice.  A little more quiet but not much.  Staff is the best @ multi-tasking.  It can get super busy.  Always willing to work with us.  Can we have half of this and on the other half this?  Can we have extra sauce?  No eye rolling or exasperation here.  We recently started ordering their garlic cheese bread sticks.  Off the chain.  In our house they are G A S.  Good as shit.  We love them.  They are great the next day.  We will continue to be patrons Barro's.  Don't ever change!!
5	we got a "welcome to the neighborhood" coupon in the mail for a free large pizza and just had lunch there.EXCELLENT thin crust pizza!  best flavor we've found in a long time. service was quick and cheerful and salad bar was good !we'll be backthanks!Richard and Janet
4	Yummy.  Very nice staff.  Clean.  Kid friendly.
5	All the Barro's have good service and very good food. This location however is just a bit special  because it has a great General Manager in Tom. He really is a super-friendly and nice guy and seems to hire people who 'get it' that customer service is really simple if you are sincere and enjoy helping your customers.  I am very loyal to Tom because of the many things he quietly does for the community as well and how responsive he is to my requests from my job. I work and live in Goodyear and can say that of all the business I approach for my job, Tom steps up and never waivers. The lunch special is awesome and a total value. Shoot, half the City employees eat here because of the value. So, good food, good people, great community asset!
4	I love the taste of their pizza. It's a nice change from the traditional pizza hut, domino's, and papa john's flavors. They also deliver and have a pretty good lunch special if you're in a hurry and want something different.
5	Love this Pizza!      BEST in Town!!It's good from beginning to end!  The staff is awesome, the Pizza is the best and it is always consistant!  Yummy, yummy!!Try it...you won't be sorry!
5	I finally broke down and ordered the white pizza. All I can say is EXCELLENT!
4	Our favorite pizza in this area.  They call it "chicago style" but compared to chicago style in other parts of the country I've had (deep pan with sauce on top), I would say no, it' s more typical thick crust average PIzza Hut/Dominoe's style.  Still very tasty, we like the Kona pizza the best.  I thought it would be a typical Hawaiian style but it actually has teriyaki chicken, the only chicken pizza I've ever liked.  I prefer carryout, we eat there when we are out and about and in a hurry, but it's usually noisy and not super-comfortable, booths are weirdly spaced.  We've taken lots of friends there or served it at home and no one has ever not liked it.
1	not too fond of it.. sorry
5	Best pizza and wings in the far west area. Staff is is ways friendly and fast.
3	This pizza was VERY tasty! Loved the sauce.  Loved the classic crust. The cheese was yummy.  Only complaint and almost a deal breaker, was is was VERRRY greasy.  You know when you eat something greasy and you can feel that weird texture on the roof of your mouth?  Well it was like that only all over my mouth, even my lips.  But I have to say, I ate the left overs the next day.  As good as it was, I probably would not order from them again.  Sorry. Oh also, we got the cheesy bread.  Again very tasty.  It had a great garliciness to it, not too over powering but definately there...yet again....greasy.  :-(
4	I stop for lunch here 2-3 times per month.  I order one slice of pizza, a salad and a diet coke for $4.77.  The pizza is always good, hot and served quickly.  The salad is fresh but they do kinda short ya on the amount of dressing they give you.  I dont think you can find a better place to grab a quick bite to eat for less than $5.  You could always try Taco Bell but does anyone really know what the meat is there anyway........
4	I am extremely impressed with this restaurant. I ordered from here couple nights ago and had a really great experience.The pizza was really delicious and for a GREAT price!!!!The slices were large, and the food arrived HOT and on time.I have zero complaints about my experience, I highly recommend eating here!
4	Best pizza out west!
4	It was our first time to eat here and we were very glad we stopped. It was a very tasty pie at a great price. We will be back to try the pasta as well. Support local businesses!
5	Their pizza is fantastic! I was honestly shocked by how good it is. They have a slightly "chewy" crust with great toppings and at a very fair price. Two thumbs up!
4	Great pizza and good service.
5	I am Italian and I am a pizza snob. I was born and raised in Wisconsin where a lot of italian places take great pride in the pizza making process, we moved down to Goodyear 3 years ago. I LOVE Barro's pizza.  Service is great. Delivery usually is 45 min to a hour but whatever.  You will not be disappointed. A family of 5 can eat under $36.
3	Being from NY, eating pizza elsewhere is mostly a brutal experience.  For Arizona, Barro's is above average, but that leaves plenty of room for improvement.
3	I expected to be really impressed from reading the reviews.  However, I didn't find anything outstanding or special about the place.  It was pricey for a pizza joint.  A large salad was $7.  The tables were dirty.  Which I found sort of odd considering they cleared off the plates, but they didn't wipe down the tables.  I ended up getting napkins and doing it myself.I'll go back and give it another try.
4	saw the review's on yelp and decided to try while here for indians spring training.  Good pizza and honey bbq wings were great.  I would recommend
3	I really want to give it 4 stars, but I'm just not sure that I can. We ordered one thin crust and one thick crust half sausage/halfw cheese. Both pizzas ended up with extra cheese (which we didn't order, but cashier said that is what they were). Not sure if we were charged for the extra cheese. Thin crust was delicious, but            very salty. I'm not sure if the combination of a thin crust with so much cheese made the saltiness that much more pronounced or I'd it really was salty. Part of me enjoyed the salty flavor, but I suspect it threw my electrolytes out of balance.  Seriously, I kind of enjoyed it but other family members kept commenting on the salt.  Crust on both pizzas was excellent and I'll definitely try it again!Update-we have had Barros several times since and the saltiness hasn't been there.  Must have received a "bad" pizza the first visit.  Glad we tried again.
4	We've eaten here several times since my last review and the pizza has never been excessively salty.  Also discovered honey hot boneless wings and me likey-likey!!
5	Dine-in or take-out, this place is great. Fresh delicious pizza at a reasonable price and great customer service! This is the ONLY spot we go for pizza. Their wings are good too!
5	Had pizza and wings. Delicious! The creamiest pizza cheese ever! Great stuff, will be back!
5	Best pizza in town!!! We were new to the area and gave this place a try. We ordered pepperoni pizza, medium wings and cinnamon bread. All were great. We have become regulars. Their prices are wonderful as well. The place is super comfortable,clean and service always friendly.
3	I liked it my wife said hell no
4	Great Pizza! Authentic back east Italian pizza! The regular crust is better than the thin crust. The sauce, cheese and toppings are really good.   The wings are very good, but not the best. I haven't had any sandwiches there yet.  This is far better than virtually any other pizza you'll get in the Phoenix area. The only other I would suggest trying is Niccoli's near 16th St & Bethany home.
5	Love.  This.  Pizza.  I'm a fat kid, trust me.  Haven't had the wings though so your on your own there
5	Best pizza and wings in town!  I have yet to try pizza and wings that is better than Barro's!  We usually get the two large one-topping pizza in chicken and meatball with thin crust.  It's a great special and they usually have a pretty quick delivery!
5	I come into barros for lunch a few times a month and its always great.  The staff is great.   Pizza great.   Good price
2	We ordered pizza for delivery from here several times a year ago and each time it was a soggy greasy mess so we quit using them and started using another delivery place for our twice monthly "pizza nights".This weekend we decided to give them another try since it had been so long since we have had Barro's. Our pizza was delivered and both pizza's were a soggy greasy mess and this time they were cold.The wings were good but we didn't enjoy the pizza at all. Back to the other place for our pizza deliveries.
5	The wings are AWESOME here! Huge sized & definitely worth the price! Me & my family always get the XL pizza & 24 wings special that's $24.99, I believe. Always our first choice for pizza aside from Peter Piper!
3	We ordered pizza tonight, thin crust mega meat and breadsticks with cheese. We had this delivered. We have ordered from Barros many times but we usually pick it up and I usually get thick crust. The pizza was only warm when it arrived and the crust was flat out awful. I don't know if it was undercooked or if that was normal but it was gross. The breadsticks were definitely undercooked. We were very disappointed with this pizza and most likely I won't order it again. We have had good pizza in the past and may go in but I definitely won't have it delivered in the future.
5	If you want a 5 dollar gross pizza! You won't find it here!!! Great pizza at a reasonable price.
5	Love their pizza and they have a great little salad bar. Consistently one of the best pizza places in Goodyear area. Never had bad service or a bad order. Boneless chicken wings pretty damn tasty too.
1	We've always loved their pizza, in fact it's our favorite in the area. They usually take an exceptionally long time to deliver but this evening they not only took an hour and a half to deliver our ONE pizza and salad, the driver called to tell us that he had delivered our pizza to the wrong address. No apologetic phone call from the manager because he was "making" another pizza for us. We weren't offered a discount or anything for their screw up, to top it all off, the lettuce in our salad was wilted and our pizza was a soggy mess.
5	Gluten free pizza. Great food and awesome service! They made one of our pizzas wrong ( 1 topping). So they gave it to us for free and made the pizza right.
4	Come here often with family.  Great pizza.  Great service.  2-3 TV's on normally with sports.
2	picked up an order to go.  The manager at the register was very charismatic and helpful.  He said give about 15 mins and it will be up.  25 mins later I went back to the counter and he saw me and went back and got order right out.  The conversation going on from the kitchen area was not very appropriate, especially when people are easily within earshot.  I watched a couple orders be made and did not see anyone wash their hands moving from one order to the next.  A girl working the counter made a salad and took it in back to eat it.  As people came in she would come out to greet them, but was still chewing food while she did so. The food was good, but the customer service was not that good.  They need a leader in there, and better food handling skills.
4	I love Barro's all over the Valley, but this one is closest to home.  Really good pizza, and decent prices.  The only ding on it is that the wings aren't the best around.  But if you're looking for a good pie in an area that is extremely far from NY or Chicago, this place hits the spot.
4	Delicous. Love the lunch specials. Delivery takes a little while but picking up or eating in isn't to long of a wait. Service is good. My main thing is their lunch specials. Cheap and quick
5	This is one of the best pizza places on this side of town. traditional barros special with extra cheese is the way to go!
4	Great tasting pizza and wings. The ranch is also very good which is really important to my lady. Fast service with friendly employees. Highly recommend!
5	GREAT FOOD and SERVICE!!! I would recommend Barro's Pizza to anyone and everyone! I didn't think I would like it at first, since it is a franchise, but I was wrong, the food is great! Everyone that has waited on me has always been polite and eager to help. They always double check to make sure they have to order correct. If you want Great Food and Great Service, go to Barro's!!!
