4	I was surprised how busy this restaurant was on opening day, considering they had no signage saying they were open.Anyway, this location has housed many Asian restaurants.  Hopefully East Ocean lasts a little longer.I went in for lunch ordered 7 plates and paid $30 including tips.  The lunch selection wasn't huge, but their printed menu showed that they would have a very good selection for dinner and on the weekends.I had:Pork Siu Mai - flavorful without any wierd bits insideShrimp with Rice Noodle - the first plate was perfect, the second plate was a little dry, I think it had been in the steam cart for a while.Chive and Shrimp Dumplings - Beautiful and delicateShrimp Har Gow - well prepared and fresh out of the steamerBeef Short Ribs - a little too bony for my taste but an excellent flavorEggplant stuffed with shrimp - a huge portion, perfectly friedThey also had the normal selection of porridges, chicken feet, and sweets.  As noted by the table near me, they didn't have many vegetable options except chinese broccoli.   But again the menu shows that they have more that just wasn't available for lunch on a Thursday.Everything was delivered hot, well prepared, and flavorful.  I definitely look forward to going againOh and did I mention it was clean, easy to get the attention of the servers and spacious?  I know it was opening day, but my big pet peeve is dim sum places that are dark and dirty (I'm looking at you Cathay House and Orchid!).
4	Wife and I visited for dim sum today, second day after the Aug. 25 soft opening reviewed by Lydia S. Dim sum menu, served from 10 am to 5 pm, shows a rotating menu of more than 80 selections, perhaps 30 of which appear to be available on a given day. We stuffed ourselves for total of $40.Dim sum were great, especially considering that those in the area don't have to travel to the west side for these delicacies. We had chicken feet, baked bbq pork bun, several types of shu mai, steamed turnip cake, tasty little spare ribs, several types of dumplings, etc. A couople of dishes were a bit bland, but that's not a black mark as far as I'm concerned.Not available during this visit: spring rolls, potstickers, char siu bao.Dim sum carts are plentiful and circulate constantly. They have a large staff, at least for the opening, and tables are cleared constantly. Ordering iced tea, I was surprised that they had only pre-sweetened iced tea, not acceptable for this diabetic. They brewed me hot tea and served it over ice to address the problem, and I told them they need to have unsweetened iced tea readily available.Unlike most dim sum places in the Chinatown area, obstructions on the floor had been removed so that it is now completely open for at least 200 diners, reminding me of the dim sum palaces I patronized while living in Taiwan.There is also an extensive, authentic non-dim sum menu to order from.Despite the unpublicized opening, the place was three-quarters full, and at least 75 percent of those were of Asian origin, always a good sign I think. After several previous failures at this location, including Makino and Roma Grill, this dim sum "palace" may be the one that hits it out of the park.
2	I've been waiting for this to open for a while - finally real Chinese food in the green valley area. Unfortunately their dim sum was a huge disappointment. We went around 11am on a Saturday. Decent sized menu but not a great selection of dim sum. We just got siu mai, hargow, char siu bao, shrimp w rice noodle, and some mushroom thing - think it was mushroom caps stuffed with pork and baked. Most of it was mediocre, but the hargow and shrimp rice noodle may have been made from spoiled shrimp. They were pretty small and had an off sour taste. Both dishes are basically just shrimp and rice noodles so the sour flavor couldn't have been anything but the shrimp. Fingers crossed that none of us get sick. The fried rice was pretty good, if a little pricey at $9. It had great curry flavor, not spicy but with a little bit of a kick. The egg was cooked all the way thru so there was no yolk to mix up with the rice, but I still liked it. I'm happy to have an option when I just don't feel like driving to Chinatown, but I definitely won't get their dim sum again. A huge pet peeve for me at Asian restaurants is places that don't mention that they charge for things that are generally free - rice or tea. I don't know anywhere else In town that charges for tea, but fyi its $2.50 for a pot here.
1	Went today for dim sum. Service was very bad and the food was worse then fair. The same dim sum carts with the same 8 items keep going by had 4 items but wanted to try other things but was none others to choose from after waiting for 30 min. we finally said enough of this and tryed to pay the bill but they charged us for too many plates and for tea that none of us had it took another 25 min. to fix that. Finally out of there mad and still starving we  headed to sping mountain and had a great meal. Will never go back.
3	Glad to have "dim sum" on this side of town instead of having to drive all the way to Chinatown.  I believe the owner runs the Chang's restaurant on Decatur so he definitely has some experience under his belt.  We ordered:  Siew Mai (a little bit chewy for me... I'm afraid to ask what else is in the stuffing besides pork... yikes!), har gow (shrimp was good but the dumplings must have been in the steamer too long because the wrappers on the bottom were all torned up), Feng Zhao (a.k.a. phoenix claws or chicken feet -- good sauce/quite tasty), tripe (yummy ginger sauce), Tan tart (custard tart-- yum!) and Lo Mai Gai (Lotus Leaf Wraps)... which I thought was the best of all the dishes.  The wrap came in a smaller size than what you would expect but it was stuffed with mushroom and shredded chicken.  Service here is a notch better than what you'd get in Chinatown.  Server Ray was exceptional as he was very attentive -- unlike some of the others ... we would ask them for more napkins or hot sauces; they would nod like they understood -- but never came back to check on us, except for our "buddy" Ray.  It wasn't a language barrier either as I spoke Cantonese to them.  :-)Anyway... I gave East Ocean a 3-star because quite frankly, this is "as good as it gets" here in Vegas.  I'm still in search of a quality dim sum place in this town so if anyone knows of one -- please do tell! (sigh)
4	***Strongly suggest reading before you go here!!!My review today is solely based on the food and not the service because... what do you expect? You're in a Chinese restaurant surrounded by Mandarin speaking employees who even talk to you in Chinese... to me as long as the food is good you can talk to me in any language you want!If you have been to Chang's Dim Sum on Tropicana and Decatur, you will love this place. Why? Because its the same chef, manager, servers, and exactly same menu!!! And I've always been a fan of their dim sum!!!I went here this afternoon (Sunday) with my sister. It was their third or fourth day they were open and it was already packed. Since its still their 'soft' opening, they still have some kinks to work out so I knew not to go in with any expectations.... The food is so flavorful, the dumplings are so juicy, especially the seafood/ shrimp one. The BBQ pork buns are so moist with the perfect combination of meat and bread. Chow fun noodles (Dry), dim sum rolled chow fun noodles (dry), and Chinese broccoli was your standard dish that I recommend most people to order because you really can go wrong with soft rice noodles and fresh greens tossed in a fire hot wok with all the spices :)  My sister and I also ordered the spare ribs- Chinese dim sum style spare ribs are a bit greasy so be prepared to drink a lot of hot tea to balance it out. If you are adventurous or if you have alot of wrinkles on your face, try the chicken feet braised with sugar, soy, chilies, and jalapenos. If it's your first time, try to get over the 'chicken feet' look and take a bite, its sooo good. And because it has so much collagen packed inside, Chinese/ Korean people say its good for your wrinkles lol!!! My sister and I purposely ordered a ton of food so we can try everything and take it home. A tip I told the couple next to us and anyone else is... 1) its packed and busy so it might take a while for the waiter to take and bring out your drink order 2)once the dim sum cart comes try to take everything you would like to get because that same cart wont come back for a while as it has to make its way around the store 3)if you dont know what your looking at, but it looks and smells good just TRY IT!! Trust me asking the servers who only speak mandarin and asking them will get them irritated cause there are sooo much different dishes to explain, not just one lol 4)go in without any expectations that way, I'm sure you will be surprised!!!
2	This review covers the dim sum only.  Upon walking into the restaurant, expectations were high since the decor is notably more modern than the usual Chinese restaurant ambience and currently residing in Henderson, I was optimistic towards the prospect of a decent dim sum joint without having to make the trek towards Spring Mountain.  From start to finish, I'd have to say the quality of the dim sum was consistently meh.  My mom, dad, and sister joined me and I found it problematic that each dish had some undeniable flaw that found all four of us consistently in unanimous agreement.   Temperature: a marker of good quality (and signs of active turnover) is how hot the dishes are when they arrive at your table.  Virtually every dish was room temperature on arrival, and even after we requested a fresh one or that they reheat a dish, it came back lukewarm at best.  Texture: The daikon cakes were gelatinous and missing the crispy edges, the long flat rice noodle filled with shrimp were overcooked, and the shrimp dumplings (the benchmark for dim sum) had skins that were gummy.  Even the salt and pepper squid (pretty much a staple at any Chinese restaurant) was coated in a dark brown batter that resembled the KFC extra crispy batter rather than the air-y tempura batter that barely coats the the natural contours of the squid pieces.Service: My sister and I had a recent discussion regarding the rise of Korean and Japanese cuisine in the states and the relative stagnation of Chinese food.  One of the things which are done well in the former two is service and it's almost an anticipated assumption that any decent Chinese restaurant will have either rude servers or mismatched silverware/plates since as a cultural whole, neatness and courtesy are not heavily emphasized as you would normally expect when walking into a Korean/Japanese restaurant.  Folks here seem apathetic and inattentive, which is all the more surprisingly considering the grand opening was within the past few weeks.My mother, who usually can be quite forgiving towards Chinese food, summed it up best (paraphrased from Chinese):"If our friends ever invite us to this place, I will probably have to make up some excuse for our unavailability so as to avoid coming back"There's dim sum, and then some....and this is definitely the latter.
2	Not as impressed as I was hoping it to be. The thought of dim sum in Henderson was thrilling, but the food was lackluster. Part of it was my fault for not getting over there during prime dim sum time, but serving the tail end at these expensive prices was ridiculous. Between a friend and I, we got ten dishes. The usual suspects of har gow, shu mai, and chicken feet are a staple of every visit to a dim sum joint. By far, my favorite out of these were the chicken feet. There wasn't anything wrong flavor wise with the other two, but they were lukewarm and the wrappers were dried out. I also ordered some intestines and watched as they went from room temperature to congealed within 10-15 minutes. The XO noodles were dry and flavorless. Rolling them around in the chili sauce helped, but they sank like a rock in my stomach. Could explain the indigestion I was experiencing throughout the rest of the day. Then the shrimp noodles were alright in texture, but the sauce was watered down and didn't contribute much to the dish. The gai lan was a bright green color and crisp. As much as you can ask for with a blanched vegetable dish. With the limited selection of dishes, we ended up ordering potstickers and seaweed salad. The sad part was that the latter of the two dishes was probably my favorite of the whole meal. On our last attempt, we got the taro cakes. When I bit into one, it was cold. This surprised me because it was not on the cart during the first, second, or third passing. I had assumed it had came out fresh from the kitchen, but it had came out of the frying pan and sat there for at least half an hour to an hour.The service was not bad. The people were quick to attend to us. We got approached by three different people for drink orders. The lack of ability to communicate was a hindrance, but they were attentive. The ladies pushing the carts were friendly and kept trying to explain what they had. They do not have the dried chili in oil which is one of my favorite parts of dim sum. For two people, we ended up paying $45 dollars before tip. Usually this amount is enough to feed three of us, more dishes being ordered, and we all end up satisfied.
3	OK, you have to try this place even with a three rating. This place will be a four or five soon.....this place is the real deal.1.  My kids - normally picky eaters, they liked everything.2.  The parking - Easy enough. In a strip mall.3.  The ambiance - Nice, big, friendly. plenty of room, clean and everything works.4.  The service - Nice and friendly. Being that I myself am Chinese and grew up in San Francisco, I am used to more business like service which some interpret as rude. People here were well trained to be nice and friendly.5.  The food - OK, everything is pretty good. We had:a.  Port Siu Maib.  Steamed Spare Ribsc.  Steamed Chicken Feetd.  Chicken w/ Black Mushroome.  Beef w/ Rice Noodlef.   Special Chow FunWe had quite a few plates of each of these.  Here is the dealio - If you get it fresh on the tray right out of the kitchen, it is as good as it gets. If you get it when there is little traffic and the stuff is "sitting", then the temperature is not great and the taste is a bit not the same.Now, I often buy a bunch of dim sum , freeze it and eat it from the fridge, so I am much more flexible in my taste. 6.  Final comments - If this place gathers a large following, the food will continue to be rated higher as it is already good, and it is the traffic and inability to keep the dim sum hot during slow traffic that is the issue.Check this place out. Be flexible. Hey, they got clean restrooms.  Odd for an authentic Chinese Restaurant.
1	Wanted to really like this place since it's around the corner from my house so I don't have to drive down to Chinatown for decent Chinese food.  Sorry no such luck.  Don't waste your money but mostly don't waste your time.  Took my mom to have dinner with my brother.  Ordered fresh "swimming" fish and four other dishes.  The fish came out after 30 minutes which is as expected because it's steamed.  Problem was, the other dishes never arrived.  15 minutes after that, one other dish came out.  By now, the rice was cold and we tried to save part of the fish to eat with the other family style items so that was cold too.  One hour into the meal, our third dish showed up.  We were somewhat full because of the delay and decided to cancel the other 2 dishes.  The waitress in her attempt to make a funny said "Well, at least you saved money" at which point my brother who was feeding off of my annoyance said, "We bring our mom to EAT dinner, not to save money (the fresh fish was already $60+)."  FYI, the well decorated restaurant was NOT busy with only about 7 tables.  The food we did eat was mediocre at best and on the bland side.  The service was as expected in a Chinese restaurant...the poor review mainly reflects the fact they couldn't serve out the food.  When we inquired as to the delay, the waitress said "They were busy" but when we looked around the half empty restaurant questioningly, she finally admitted that the big table next to us was the other wok chef who was celebrating his birthday so he asked for the night off...on Saturday, leaving only one chef to cook for the rather large restaurant.  Not a good impression for a restaurant that just opened...
4	We are so excited there is a dim sum place by our house.  We went for dim sum on a Sunday around 10:30 (when it starts) and dinner later that week.  They are the same owners as Chang's on Decatur and Tropicana so the prices are good and the food is awesome.They offer dim sum everyday from 10:30 to 3:30 (or so).  If you want lots of choices and their peak you shouldn't go towards the end like I read on a previous review.  We took my father-in-law who was born in Hong Kong and lives in Edmonton.  Let me just preface and say he is VERY picky.  He thought the food was better than places in Edmonton (where they have a large chinese community) and personally thanked the waiter (which I have never seen!).Bottom line - love that its close and that we can get authentic Cantonese Chinese food and DIM SUM! so close to home.  I hope they stay there!
4	As an update, this place is very nice.1.  I went there at 11:30 am on a Saturday and it was a bit more crowded, so the food was fast flowing and therefore:a.  Food Quality - Taste was great.b.  Temperature - The temperature of the food was perfect.c.  Specials - Annie the lead waitress came by many times with the "specials" like the XO Chow Fun, or the Chinese Broccoli, or Roast Duck. Did not have to ask and the choices were great.d.  Normal Dim Sum -  All the normals were plentiful, tasty and just right in my book.e.  Service - excellent, quick and we must have been hungry as we were in and out of there in about 45 minutes after spending about 75.00 for 5 of us.Check it OUT.  Definitely will go here instead of Chinatown when the Dim Sum bug hits...I will probably hold a party here too when I need 2-3 tables for 20+ people to have a nice chinese meal!GK
4	Dinner menu-- not bad for chinese restraurant near my area. The food serving was decent except for the salt and pepper calamari (I can count how many were there in the plate). The taste of the food is pretty good, it has a lot of flavors and aroma. The price of the food is a little expensive but you don't have to drive all the way to chinatown to eat decent chinese food. I would come to this place again!
3	It was kind of sad to see Roma Grill close, but I was very excited to see a dim sum  restaurant taking its place. Did this mean I can enjoy dim sum more often without having to drive so far?? Unfortunately for me, the answer is no...My sister and I dropped in on this place one Saturday afternoon. The place is huge and most of the tables were occupied. But I don't think it was busy enough for the overturn of food to keep it hot and fresh. *THAT* was my biggest gripe about this place. The food overall was pretty good and they had a good selection of items (which is probably why I gave it a 3 instead of 2). But all the food was COLD. We chose a plate of chow mein noodles off the cart and the young lady offered to heat it up for us. At first I was taken aback. I appreciate her offering to heat it up, but it made me wonder how long it had been sitting on the cart. At first I thought maybe it was just us, but the table next to us was also harassing the same poor girl about all the food being cold.One other thing I didn't like, there was a great inconsistency with the route of the carts. Since the restaurant is a big open space, you can see where certain carts are traveling. Several times, the same people would pass by the same section of tables and completely skip our side. Not just once. But several times. And they were carrying a completely different selection of food compared to the carts that actually did pass by us.I would have given this place 2 stars, but the food is good. They just need to work out the kinks.
4	I'm giving this one 4 stars instead of 5 only because the service was chaotic, however there is a  good reason and I'm about to tell you what it is. Let me give you the upside of this restaurant first:The food is absolutely delicious.  I'm a fan of Asian food and have been for a long time.  Last night I took a party of 16 here and we were all seated at a large table for 15 but squeezed another chair in with no problem.  I like that they have large tables for 6, 8, 12, and 16.  We were all able to talk to each other.  My husband and I always went to Chang's other Dim Sum restaurant for lunch so I had no idea that Dim Sum is served only as a light meal at lunchtime and was surprised when I spoke to the manager on the phone at 2 P.M. yesterday only to discover that there would be no Dim Sum at our 5 P.M reservation.  Apparently it's made at 11 A.M. and not again that day.   No matter,the regular menu is huge but I wanted my friends to taste Dim Sum for the first time.When we arrived the manager told me that he made a special Dim Sum selection for us!  Two carts loaded with several different dishes.   What a nice piece of P.R. work and a thoughtful thing to do.  Little did he realize that we would also order dinners with our Dim Sum being the appetizer.   We all won on this one.  Everything on the carts was fresh, hot, plentiful and delicious.    The baos were scrumptous.The Pork Szechuan with Garlic Sauce, the Mongolian Beef, the Moo Shi Pork, the Salt and Pepper Shrimp ohhhh yesss,  and the Chicken with Walnuts were all outstanding.    This place serves the best Wor Won Ton soup I've ever had and this being my favorite soup is one I've been eating for 30 years.   Loaded with veggies, shrimp, chicken, pork and real straw mushrooms I give this 5 stars alone.On the downside:There is no alcohol served here so we couldn't order beer or wine as we usually do.  Hopefully that will come soon.The service is spotty even though we made compensation for the fact that we had 16 elderly women, most of whom had never heard of Dim Sum let alone eaten it.   The cart was unable to come around the table so we had to get  up and look for ourselves and have someone explain what each item was.   That was confusing, but not their fault.  There is no Dim Sum menu which would have made everything so clear as to what was in each "bundle."  EODSS has been open long enough to have a menu ready and no menu online is a bummer.  We had to ask for water for half of the table several times.   Even though the dishes we wanted were there on the cart, it took forever to get them to us and the waitresses looked harried and confused.   They really need to get their act together if they're going to accomodate a large crowd.   But in all fairness,  if you go with 4 or 6 people you should not have the problems we did.  The food is so good (everyone loved their selection and would come back again) so go for the food and take your chance on the service.    The manager (I'm sorry I forgot his name, shame on me)  comped my dinner because I brought so many first timers in and I really thought that was a class act.  But that's not why I'll return; I'll return because the food is so good and the Dim Sum, if you get it fresh, was awesome and I'm so glad they're now on MY side of town.
5	We moved to Sun City Anthem from Buffalo, New York recently. We used to drive to Toronto and enjoy the Dim Sum lunch. We are so glad that we found the East Ocean Dim Sum restaurant in Henderson. The Dim Sum dishes are delicious, fresh, and hot. When we chatted with the manager and mentioned about the review in yelp web site, he told us that they are getting used to the new food carrying carts and the food can be kept fresh and hot well now. So, we would give it a five star rating. We will return and enjoy the good food soon.
2	I was excited to try this place since I enjoy going to Chang's for dim sum. Our experience started off good... My husband and I were seated right away even though it was a busy Sunday morning. The restaurant has a nice open layout. Then it was all downhill from there.The tables are too close together and it's impossible for someone to walk by if there are carts in the walkway. We started off with some chow mein and roasted duck since the dim sum cart hadn't come by yet. Then roasted duck was cold, and when we asked the waitress if they could heat it up, she said that's how it's supposed to be served. Ookay... we let that go.The dim sum carts finally came by and the selection was not nearly as much as Chang's. We were sad to not see any of our usual favorites. It seemed like the same three carts kept coming by.What ticked me off more than the food was the service. We asked two people for water and finally got it after about half an hour. We had to flag down a waiter for our check.Two other tables near us were also complaining about not getting their check.  After waiting for about 15 minutes, my husband decided to go up to the cashier and ask if he could just pay up there. At first, the cashier said that he had to wait at the table for the check. Really?? We just wanted to pay. After more argument, the cashier let my husband pay. My husband checked the bill and saw that we were overcharged. He informed the cashier and the cashier said he would fix it, but when my husband checked the bill again it still wasn't corrected! So he just took the difference off of the tip.Horrible customer service and mediocre food = me never going back.
4	I'm from California so I know my dim sum. The dim sum here is hit or miss, the quality is comparable to orchid garden (at its best) but not better than Ping Pang Pong. Despite the bad reviews and low score, the place seems to be always packed. I have to give it props for a few things: better customer service (some actual English speaking waiters/waitresses), the place is spacious and clean (this is a big deal since most Chinese restaurants in Vegas lack this), also the food is decent. The big flaw they have is their check tendering process. This is always the worst part of the experience. Of all the several times I've been there, once we ask for the check, it gets lost in the abyss of no return. You could wait a whole half an hour for your bill to return, but no one would bring it. Even if you get up and go to the cashier to pay, there's always a long line. Obviously there's something wrong with their process.Overall I would definitely come back here, since this is the only place with   that actually looks like what it should be. I hope they fix their flaws and improve their food quality in the future. It's nice to have a Chinese restaurant in this area.
5	My family and I love Chinese, but we had never had dim sum. We were surprised when East Ocean opened in Henderson in the same space where the Italian restaurant used to be. With little knowledge and just the recommendation of one of my friends I brought the family on a late Sunday morning. Wow - there are a lot of people here and there were very few tables available in this massive space.... we kept going. This place is beyond clean. We were seated within 2 minutes by a friendly hostess, we learned soon enough that unlike other Chinese places on or near the strip everyone speaks English and customer service is really important to them.We didn't know what to order but the different cart waiters took the time to explain what many of the items were.We chose about 12 small dishes for the 5 of us and ordered a couple of desserts, which was enough.Overall everything was hot, tasted amazing... my soup was a bit too spicy, but overall authentic yumminess.The place is loaded with a big contingency of Asian speaking Henderson locals - definitely a sign  something is right here.Will be going back soon.
3	Mediocre dim sum but one of the only places on the east side of town. Nicer atmosphere than some of the dim sum places in town.  If you are having a mid-day har gow craving.  It will fit the bill.
3	We have heard good things about this place and so we gave it a try. The entrees off the cart are "well traveled" and a little worse for the wear. The dim sum carts are nice and steamy though. There are so many dumpling choices! (A few scary choices) like the chicken's feet. We also ordered a few entrees from the kitchen. The food was okay and the service was okay too. Some of our dishes were a bit cold but all in all we plan to go back.
4	The first time I came here, it almost turned me off to the point of never wanting to step foot into this place again. A few months later, one of my best friend's mom wanted to do dim sum here and I had agreed to come with the hopes that they had worked out the kinks in their yum cha offerings.We came here on a Tuesday and was shocked by the bustling crowd. Good sign that they the food was getting better and the turn over for fresh food would be quicker. A group of seven gorged ourselves silly. The selection has exponentially grown as well. We had ordered 10 different dishes that was not an option the last time we visited and even avoided most of the ones from the previous experience. The chicken feet are still high on my list. This time it was joined by a few more items. If there is a complaint, I just wish that they would improve on their desserts. The egg tarts are too loose and crumbled when I picked it up. If not for my cat like reflexes I would have had an embarrassing stain on the front of my trousers. The red bean sesame balls were quite thick and doughy. Pushed an already filling meal into uncomfortable territory.
1	Bad attitude waiters, everyone seems to be half awake, unable to understand English, I spoke to them and it seemed like they didn't understand...The food is ok, I enjoyed the pepper beef, but besides that, the beer battered fish with jalapeno uses bad batter, it gets soft after 5 minutes... The lobster is good but fresh seafood is always good.... Everything else I took a taste and put it down....Truth I would of left this restaurant already just due to the attitude and the service, when a customer says the coke is flat, don't argue or give you two cent half assed opinion about how it's not, waiting to review the food, if my father did not know the chef here and was asked to try the restaurant out, it's not even worth my gas...
4	It was a nice change of peace.  Went out to have a nice dinner with the family.  Turned out we will be coming back for Dim Sum.  The dinner menu that they have is very flavorful and they do take walk-ins and around 5:30 - 6 pm they are not really packed for service.  This is nice.  You walk in a get a table and hot tea.  Ok so service was on point from the start.  The owner is walking around making sure that everything is to your liking.  That is nice.  Most restaurants you have to hunt down the Manager.  The first course arrived.  Pot stickers and crispy shrimp balls.  Very tasty and the sauce that comes with both are a little different but still good.  Then the main course comes out family style which are very nice when you want to try everything.  We ordered the Rock Cod with Baby Bok Choy, Curry Fried Rice (with a fried egg and an eggroll), Chicken with schezwan sauce (needed more chicken), and honey walnut shrimp.  Needless to say all this for only 60 bucks is not a bad upscale Chinese food.  Overall -Service - nice and friendlyFood - Flavorful and good portionsQuality - Not to bad - decentPrice - Average for upscale restaurant This is a formal restaurant with proper Chinese table service.  Would I go Back -    Yes
4	If you're in the mood for dim sum and don't feel like driving to the west side of town then you're in luck. East Ocean's food is as good and varied as any of the other dim sum places in town. Frankly, it's not FANTASTIC, but it definitely hits the spot. The service is typical for a Chinese restaurant and the prices are reasonable.
5	This is really good chinese food especially for the east side of town finally i dont have to go all the way to china town for good food!! prices are reasonable and staff is friendly. decor is nicer than typical chinese joint. feels more high class but not high class pricing. highly reccomended
4	I love the choice selections on dim sum here, as well as the freshness of the food. Dim sum runs from 10:30 am- 4:30 pm. I love the fact that this place doesn't get heavy traffic on most days. Other dim sum places I've been too takes time, and is always busy with people. I mean I guess that's the vibe that any dim sum place should have. Pork buns are amazing! Shu mai, har gow, shrimp rice roll, and egg custard are good as well. Big portions for dim sum, and the shrimp with the honey mayo sauce is awesome! For two big plates listed in Group A, and a few Group Bs and Cs, we managed to burn a $42 hole in our pocket for TWO. But, that's us though, being the vultures that we truly are. I'd assume average tab for two would run about $30. Also, if you ay cash you get a 5% discount. Only thing I wonder is if the interior is having a midlife crisis. So it seems it was going for a more westernized and modern look, with touch of traditional Asian flavor. But! as long as the place is clean, then it's all good with me!!! :)
1	went there for dinner last night.stuffed steam tofu with shrimp paste:  tofu already spoiled, very little shrimp pate (like a drop).  They put a tasteless hot white tofu that cost $1 on the plate and sell you for $10.stir fried rice noodle:  way too saltystir fried ribs:  greasy, all bones and no meat.This place is awful ....don't go there...  The food is worst than buffet restaurant, and the price is higher than buffet restaurant.  totally not worth it !!!
4	Here's our newest dim sum find in Vegas and they were suprisingly delicious!  Our go to used to be Ping Pang Pong in the Gold Coast because it was the best among mediocre Vegas dim sum.  Now East Ocean Dim Sum, a gem over in Henderson, is the much better option.  Textures were chewy when it was supposed to be chewy, crunchy when supposed to be crunchy and mmmmmmm flaky and buttery when supposed to be flaky...... mmmmmmmIt offers the surprisingly tasty dim sum, helpful staff in a large and seemingly clean restaurant, AND the bonus is that it is smoke free.Conclusion:  It is a 30 minute drive across town for me, but I will travel to eat.
3	THEY SERVE SHARK FIN SOUP :-(I was so happy to see that I have Dim Sum on my side of town.  But, when I went by for lunch and got a menu I was dissappointed to see that they serve SHARK FIN SOUP :-(Tip: They have take-out, but in order to use your Debit/Credit it is a minimum purchase of $20.  If you going to take-out, go in with a couple people.
3	Ate here with my pops and bro. This place was a-ok, nothing out of the ordinary for dim sum. My dad met up with his friends from medical school, who live in Henderson. They said this place is usually packed. I think the only reason it wasn't packed was because we went on Super Bowl Sunday. BBQ pork bun was yummers as were the noodles. Would I visit again? Maybe.
2	We missed the Dim Sum. So we just ordered separate dishes to share. They didn't have cake noodles. But the crispy noodles were close enough. I say that was the best of all the dishes. On a 10-best scale, it was a 6-1/2. The second best thing we tried was the salt/pepper fried pork chops. But, there's definitely better at other restaurants in town. Never ordering the orange chicken and mayo walnut shrimp ever again.... Sure, the venue was convenient to my home. But, I would've been much more satisfied making a 30-40 minute round-trip commute to any other restaurant on Spring Mountain, or to Diamond China.
1	We tried East Ocean this past weekend for our 3rd time and once again another strike. Strike 3 and they are OUT.   By noon the floors were disgusting, noticed that when they clear the tables they use a dirty towel and wipe excess food from the table right onto the floor. The floors were very slippery from the greasy foods. The service is pathetic, after 10 minutes we had to ask for hot tea, water and other drinks. Waiter seemed mad that we bothered him. When asked for certain dimsum they put the food on the table and then we had to ask them to add the sauces that come standard with certain dishes. We had our own notepad and kept count of how many orders we had, this time because the 2 prior times we thought we were overcharged. Sure enough when we we finished we noticed 2 extra stamps on the most expensive dimsum items at $6.95 each.  We had to wait another 10 minutes for "the manager", he actually laughed at us for saying they overcharged us. He said we must have miscounted.   We had a party of 7 people,  5 asian (non chinese) and 2 caucasians, we will be telling everyone how this place steals from customers.
4	I finally had a craving for Dim Sum and this place fulfilled my craving! I had ordered to go and after my semi long walk there and back I was ready for some yummy food.I had ordered the usuals, hai gao and shu mai. I also ordered the sticky rice wrapped in banana leaf (law mi guy) and I ordered the Seafood XO Chow Fun.Hai Gao and Shu Mai were winners, big, plumpy and juicy. I didn't care for the sticky rice so much. The chow fun was delish! Lots of seafood, scallops, shrimp, fish and calamari. All of this for one person...for 23 bucks. Not bad at all since it fed me twice and fed the hubby once....Take out service was efficient and when ordering they have someone that speaks English too so don't feel intimidated. Overall, I give it two thumbs up for their take out. =)
2	Ok, I'm determined to eat here until it comes up to at least a 3.5 star for me due to the close proximity to my house.1st visit was for dinner and garnered a 1 star for lack of service and lack of food, literally (see my original review).2nd visit was again a 1 star (though I did not find the time to write another bad review), this time for dim sum. Everything was cold and tasted like frozen quality dim sum.Now 3rd time, again for dim sum. Getting better. Selections were at least the right temperature. Note: my mom and I were extremely hungry so may have clouded our judgments, but I'm ok to at least give it a 2 star.PLUS the ladies pushing the carts are the most pleasant ladies I've ever encountered at a dim sum restaurant. If you eat dim sum a lot, you will know what I mean when I say I suspect most places pay based on commission of getting rid of the food in their cart or that the ladies actually HATE their job. Not here, the ladies were friendly and went out of their way to get us dishes from other carts!!
4	Not a bad spot if you're on that side of town looking for a decent dim sum fix.  They have plenty of seating and stellar service.  Be advised that they have a credit/ debit minimum that can really throw your dining party off if you don't pay attention to the tiny sign.As for the grub - Char Siu Bao, Beef/ Shrimp Cheung fun, Lo Mai Gai and Shu Mai are always filling and Don Tot and Sesame Seed Balls for dessert!
3	Place is nice...modern look, clean.  Auntie said that the food is bland. It is like a hit or miss. She said that the cooking is short in spices.  Phoenix Talons had curry sauce.  I didn't care for it.  Shu Mai and Har Gar was tasty.The servers were good.  They were attentive.I like that we didn't have to drive far to China Town. It's a good place to go to if you live in Henderson/GV area.  It is convenient.  It will satisfy your dimsum cravings.  :o)
4	I really do like this place a lot mainly because it's just down the street from my house! Woohoo!! Finally, I can get my dim sum on without having to drive to China town or West Sahara (Orchid Garden). Overall, food is pretty solid and service is on par for a dim sum. Some of my favorite dishes include: the sesame balls with red bean, the calamari, shrimp noodle.... and pretty much everything else on the menu. Yes... I am a fatty :) While it may not compare to the dim sum restaurants that go by the name of Orchid Garden or Chang's but it does hold its own.
5	This place is Awesome! It beats any dim sum place in Vegas hands down. They are fast, cheap , tasty food, great assortment and great location (off the strip) . My hubby and I have been here many times since there opening and we are always so happy with our meals. The cart pushers are not too pushy and they know and explain what you are choosing. Also they suggest what sauces are great for the dish. Carmen was our server for the last few times and she is great! The rest manager , Frank sometimes does his rounds around the restaurant and greets people and asks how their meal is. The environment is nice. Its a big spacious place and lots of food to choose from. With Green tea and lunch for two ( 5-7 plates) you will spend about $35 for two. That's a great deal!  Go check out this place ..its awesome!
4	Finally a good dim sum place in Las Vegas! This reminds me of all of the great ones in Southern California. The food is always consistent, hot and fresh. The restaurant also gets another thumbs up for being in Henderson, it's only a short drive away to satisfy my dim sum cravings!
3	I first heard about this place from a friend and she kept posting up pictures of food that looked very delicious so I had to come and try it out for myself. Being in the parking lot, I was already a little impressed because of how busy it was outside. However, when I went in, it wasn't that busy. Haha. We were seated very quickly and they fulfilled our request for a booth. The typical dim sum dining experience is that you are seated and there are a few ladies with food carts that come up to your table. They open the lids to their little pots and you just pick what you think will be good to eat. Be careful because they speak very minimal english, only enough to explain what the food is made of. Then they stamp your little paper stating what you had picked. So the more you pick, the more you pay! The thing that really annoyed me about this place was how pushy the food cart ladies were. I'm used to going to dim sum places where they just showcase what they have instead of just being really pushy about what I should eat. That was definitely a point down for me since they kept bringing out the wrong food as well. The second thing is that this place has decent dim sum but nothing extraordinary. The food wasn't as greasy as other dim sum places that I have tried. Just remember that they charge you for everything, the tea is $2. Haha. Since this place is closer to home and I dig the modern look, I will probably be coming here more often and making the occasional trek to treat myself at Cathay House. If you pay cash then you get 5% off of the total bill price. Dim sum is from 10:30A to 5:30P.
4	We enjoyed our evening at East Ocean.  The staff and management are professional and friendly, and the food is great.We started with the best Hot and Sour soup I've ever had.  And the portion is enough for 4 people.My wife had the Honey Walnut Shrimp with Broccoli.  A large portion.   At many restaurants the glaze is too thick, too creamy.  Not here.  Amazing but light flavor and very fresh shrimp that pop in your mouth.  The Broccoli was simple and steamed.  Melon would have been a great addition.I had the Black Bean Scallops with Chili Sauce.  Also a large portion.  This dish was outstanding.  Fresh scallops with a not-to-spicy chili sauce.  One of my complaints of this dish in other restaurants is that you cannot taste the scallops.  East Ocean does a great job of balancing flavors.Music was quite and appropriate.  The atmosphere was a bit unusual with the high ceilings, large open space and decorative "movie film" ribbon display on the wall, but by no means a negative.Highly recommended and we'll visit again.Note:  If you pass this area on South Eastern Avenue regularly you may have noticed this space has had a few restaurants open and close over the past few years.  I often hesitate to go to a new restaurant in such a space because it seems like they all fail there.  Give this one a chance like we did...I think you'll be happy.
4	Good solid dim sum in hendertucky/GV area.  I've dined here a number of times and have not been disappointed...Pretty much straight forward fare and the items items that the suburban-set avoid are also welcome...good tripe, excellant tendon, cripsy fish and they have jellyfish.  Roast Pork w/ crispy skin is also better than average (maybe they get it from Sam Woo?).  Basics like hargow, sui mei, etc are solid representatoins that are mostly as good as what you'd get in Chinatown...This is now my go-to place...saves me the trip out to Sping Mtn Road...One plus - the service here is a bit better than what you'd find in a typical chinatown dim sum joint - maybe playing to the area clientelle?...also, the Chef visited our table the last 2x we dined here - a nice touch that you almost never ever see in Chinatown or anywhere in town for that matter...Oh...and for those that have downgraded this place due to the sharks fin soup...get a grip.  You live in a freakin desert and have bigger problems to worry about...so unless you ride a bike to work, eat a local/sustainable diet (not possible in the LV Valley) live off solar and reclaimed water give us all a break or move to berkeley...sharks fin soup is delicious.
4	Wasn't that impressed with first visit some months ago, but had a nice lunch today. They accommodated a table of 12 easily and with fast service. That's probably the best part about dim sum in general - having the food pretty much ready all the time. The downside is that you can be somewhat beholden to the food preferences of others. Unless you don't mind ordering an entire plate of something for yourself, of course. I didn't feel like that today, opting instead with an aggressive first-and-last-bite sniper approach.Anyway, you don't need to hear my secrets, so here's the stuff you should know: the food was always hot and yummy. Not extremely great quality, but everything that I tasted was pretty good. Well, except the egg tart - that bad boy is ridiculous. I feel the plaques forming in my blood vessels already. I was also surprised by the Chinese-style meatball. I couldn't figure out what was going on at first, but I do believe there's quite a bit of cilantro flavor going on. It was also very tender, and for a first-time experience, it left me wanting more. Luckily, I think I got my fill after noticing that nobody at my table seemed to want to kill the meatballs. I was more than happy to oblige.I gave it a second try, and I think I'll give East Ocean a third try and more. It's definitely a solid place for Henderson folks to chow down on dim sum.
4	I like this place it's close to home. Very comparable to spring mountain area. With Dim Sum ... when your hungry the food comes fast. I always forget to take photos before I eat at this place. I have not tried dinner here yet only dim sum. The place is always busy, service is ok to good. Trying to flag a waiter down for soda for the kids once was pain. The selection is basic too ... but i think i am jilted and comparing it to dim sum places in California. Also don't come here when your on a diet :)
4	**Summary**       - Dim Sum - This is a review of my dim sum experience where they cart around the dishes of food. This usually only occurs during lunch.       - Taste - With the exception of the hai gao (Shrimp dumplings) everything was pretty good.       - Authentic - This is as authentic as you can get down to the old Asian ladies who speak no English pushing the cart.       - Service - Unfortunately, due to its authenticity, the service will seem sub par compared to most American places. Pretty much, if you don't flag someone down, they won't check on you.       - Prices - The bulk of your items will be Group B Items. Their Group B Item prices are $3.25 unlike the $2.75 at Chang's and other places. With that said, all the other items prices are within par if not cheaper.       - Ordering - As the carts come around, you just point to what you want and they'll give it to you and mark a letter (A, B, C, D, etc) corresponding to price of that item.       - Newbies - If this is your first Dim Sum experience, I'd stick to the safer shrimp items (Shrimp Rice Roll (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mxMwo3zfJwVoCIayeNcA5w?select=PvtWU-UoVK2IPo3cr4nerA#gedf79LUUUUNNiA1ok5S5w), Hai Gao, etc) or common items (Shu Mai and buns). If you like that, you can be more daring on your subsequent visits.       - Decor - The atmosphere is more open due to the high ceilings compared to most of the other dim sum places I've been to. It relieves the usual claustrophobic atmosphere I usually get.       - My Favorite - My favorite dim sum dish has got to be the Shrimp Rice Roll. The sweet soy sauce they pour over it is just amazing.**Price**       - Hot Tea - $0.50/Person       - Group A Items - Not sure. Didn't get any.       - Group B Items - $3.25 - Most of the small plates       - Group C Items - $3.95 - Can't remember what we ordered that was a C item.       - Group D Items - $4.95 - Beef tripe stew       - Group E Items - $6.50 - The large plates like those with Chinese broccoli or salt & pepper squid.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for Dim Sum and you're near the area. There are other dim sum places with the same food and slightly cheaper prices, but the decor at this place would tip me in its favor.
3	I was a bit skeptical in coming to dine at East Ocean Dim Sum, only because I come from Hawaii and Dim Sum there is LEGIT! haha.  I mean, if you are craving dim sum, is too lazy to drive out to Spring Mountain, and lives in Henderson, I'd advise you to get your fix at this restaurant!  Was kind of amazed at the interior decor, it's really not your typical chinese restaurant milieu!  The food was pretty good and the price was decent.  I went with two other of my Asian foodie friends and they both enjoyed it too!  They have all of your "essential" dim sum items like shumai, shrimp dumplings, and the mochi rice stuffed with chicken and wrapped in leaves (I don't know what any of these things are called in English) lol.  They even have the fried items cart and fried noodles!  Off the top of my head, I cannot think of anything that was distasteful, and that's a GOOD thing!  I thought they service here was good, but I think that's because I speak mandarin, and my friend speaks cantonese, so they just kept coming back to ask us how everything is.  One thing that surprised me was that they refilled the tea without me even telling them it was empty!  That was a first! haha.
4	For the singular reason of being on the east side of town this  place rocks, I had heard many bad things about this place my expectations were  nonexistent. That being said I was pleasently suprised and pleased with the food and service. My favorites eggplant-shrimp, sesame buns, salt and pepper shrimp and calamari were all as good as any other dim sum I have had.  I can not speak to the variety because I always order the same things! I didnt see any crab balls (sad face )
5	Went to East Ocean for Mother's Day!  Most dim-sum places are over on the west side in Chinatown.  So happy we have one towards the south in Henderson.  The food was great.  We had Salt & Pepper Pork Chops (double order), Salt & Pepper Shrimp, Sliced BBQ Pork, Honey Glazed BBQ Pork Spare Ribs, Pork Shu-Mai, Chinese Broccoli, Pan Fried Pot Stickers (double order), Sesame Seed Balls with Red Bean Paste, Chow Mein, BBQ Pork Fried Rice, and Kung Pao Chicken.  From all this, the only disappointment was the Pork Shu-Mai.For all this food, we spent $90.  And had containers of left overs.  This is a definite "MUST GO BACK".  Most authentic Chinese food restaurant that I've been to in the valley.
4	Even though we arrived towards the last half hour of lunch/dim sum hours, there was  still a few good choices of steamed and deep fried delicacies to choose from.  My husband always thought dim sum was a food item. Didn't realized their is no menu involved. So he was a little surprised the second we sat down we were bombarded with  ladies and their carts and me just pointing out I want that, that & that ...then another lady with her cart full of the fried fare rolls up to our table and I drool and  point out to 3 more plates.   I think we had 6 different plates within the 5 minutes of being there.  The servers stamped our ticket of what plates we chose and went off to the next table..."That's Dim Sum, little plates of food served up by servers pushing the carts, and that's how they roll honey!" I tell my husband. "But  where's the fried rice??"  Mr. B asked ..Since we got there late, all of the steamed BBQ rice was gone, so we ordered a platter of BBQ pork fried rice separately.Food: Everything we tried did not disappoint! In fact the food cooked up here is reminiscent of traditional Cantonese cuisine I used to enjoy! It takes me back to dining in SF Chinatown.I'll zero in my fave classic The Char Siu Bao (steamed pork buns) the bread was so soft & fluffy and sweet!  The filling  plentiful of very tender bbq pork in a slightly sweet sauce.  Same with the baked Char Siu/Siopao.  Also pretty impressed with the Beef Fried Rice.   The flavors of the green onions,garlic, Chinese spices and texture of it being lighter, fluffy,  not greasy  just made fried rice stand out from other places.  Everything we had from the cart was hot, steam coming from the steamed baskets.  Dishes we requested were fresh, cooked to order.  Ambiance - Interior decor had contemporary feel with the airy open ceiling.  Banquette seating on side walls and table seating for 4 & 8 throughout or they can arrange seating to accommodate larger parties. Service - On point. Friendly.  Was greeted & seated right away. The ladies pushing the carts were really sweet and patient with us since we had lots of "what's that?" questions. Never had to ask for a drink refill or teapot refill. The owner came by and introduced himself and chatted with us as well. So making this spot our Chinese go to dine out here in Henderson.  And the next visit we'll defiantly come earlier to chow down.
4	Great ambiance, very clean (in comparison to most Chinese restaurants here in Vegas), authentic taste, average servers.The food generally comes in little steamers/plate of threes or fours. The majority on the cart is from group B ($3.25) but please note that some of the larger plates are generally more expensive.While most people come here for the Dim Sum, there is actually a menu. You can order items individually if you are too hungry or need something that isn't in the carts. The servers are nice enough but it's pretty average. They automatically refill tea (that costs extra) and water without asking which is a plus (but normality in Chinese restaurants). A bad point is that I often ended up sitting there with no food waiting for the food cart to come near my table; so try to not eat very fast!
3	Love love love Dim Sum needed a fix and didn't want to drive across town to get it.  So we pull up and they don't open till 10:30 : / my bad for not checking first.  There was a farmers market on this day right down the way.  So we wasted some time until they opened.Starving by the time we get in and I know better the to be some of the first few customers for DimSum : /   The selection was nill to none again my bad.  So we got a few of our favorites and by the time the good stuff was coming out we were full.The food we did have was good, very flavorful and prepared well.  The sizes of the Dim Sum that we got seemed larger then normal.  The prices of the dishes were a bit more expensive then China Town but it is in a higher rent district, so understandable.I don't know if I will be back but in a pinch I would.
2	Been here several times and feel it is time for a review. We first came when they just opened with Judd L for some dim-sum desert and pretty much agreed it was a 2-star experience. My last experience made me fed-up and the need to write a review. Each time we come here, service is marginal and I am accustomed to such service during dim-sum. We were rushed to leave to make way for the next set of guests. The dim-sum is about average and typical of what you will find in Vegas.What really disgusted me was that the kitchen staff overloaded the carts by piling dishes of food on top of the food itself! Ewwww......I hope the bottom of the dishes are clean. What I saw was chow-mein on the top level of the cart. They piled additional plates of  a soy based stir-fried rice noodle dish on top of each other. And then while the cart was circulating on the dining floor, a kitchen staff in a chef's hat placed several dishes of Chinese broccoli on top of the second level of rice noodle thus creating 3-levels of food on top of each other in a pyramid fashion! I wished I got a pic of what I saw.
3	When the craving for non-chain Chinese food hits (I'm looking at you, Panda Express), this place is a decent alternative. And by decent, I mean "not always good".
2	I've been here twice now and am not happy with the quality of the dim sum. I can't put my finger on it but it just doesn't taste right. To be more specific, the items I am referring to are: spareribs, shrimp dumpling, tripe, and the pork dumplings. Even in any dire desire for dim sum I will hoof it down to the spring mountain area for quality if I needed to. Because I was not impressed for dinner I am not confident about their dinner. I may try one day but it's not top only list.
3	EDIT: Don't know what happened but the server has a really crappy attitude today! You lose one star...!! Get it together people!EDIT: This is my first time back since the writing of this review and, at least for lunch, the quality of service has gone up considerably. It's been probably over a year since my last visit. I'll come back again. Ask for Sally. She's a sweetheart. Upgrading to 4 stars from two.Food is great for not having to drive from Henderson to Spring Mountain. As for the service.... HOOOOORRRRRIIIIIIBBBBBLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEE..... with the exception of maybe one floor manager, which I'm CONVINCED he's the only person in there that knows more than a couple words of English - and - language barrier aside, just a bunch of snooty a-holes.  I still go there once in awhile, but believe me I return the negativity right back to their cut rate "servers". Which is easy to do when you're a 6'2'' 260lb cracker in a Chinese restaurant. =DEnjoy the food!
3	Love that they have dim sum all day! Our last visit they unfortunately ran out of baked bbq pork buns but we already knew that walking in since we called beforehand.  I appreciated the fact that they actually checked.  Service was really nice and suggested for us to call and put some buns on hold since they sell so fast.  Luckily for me I like the basics when it comes to dim sum, but when I want to have a little more variety the "off peak" dim some hours are not the time to go.  Its always nice to know its available though.  I do wish they had desserts though (hence the - star)
1	The service sucks. Nobody seemed to know how to speak English. Their dim sum isn't the best. I usually don't do reviews but if you really want dim sum and some service, don't go there. It's worth the drive to spring mountain.
3	I'm a little bummed out that they serve shark fin soup here (SAVE THE SHARKS!), but I did come anyway for dim sum as it was the closest place to eat with ready made servings to eat and pick from. I was starving, and was probably going to pass out in starvation if I waited any longer...So I came for dim sum. I guess it's whats expected of dim sum since dim sum is more breakfast than lunch really. I came around 1 pm and they promote their dim sum until 3 pm I believe. However, I was really disappointed to come around 1 pm to find that more than half of their usual dim sum selections that they serve in the morning are not offered after 11 am. Most of what I craved for in dum sum were not being served so I was only able to eat a few things, and was forced to eat double of what I don't usually order double of. They also reheat their food that sits out on their cart by microwaving it. Bummer. I'm just disappointed that if they offer dim sum until 3 pm I would want to be able to walk into the restaurant and eat the same quality and quantity dim sum as I would if I came n the morning. I mean I am paying the same price for dim sum. I don't want to pay the same price for something fresh in the AM and then microwaved in the PM. But I do commend them for having some passionate owners or managers. I notice that they always come to everyone's table to personally ask how their food and service is. You don't always get that in many places.
4	From living near San Jose, and LA a time in my life, I love dim sum.  And the dim sum in both cities is out of this world.  So when I moved out to vegas I wanted some good dimsum.  I didn't want to drive down to spring mountain and this place is only a few minutes away from my house.  But it does hit the spot.  The service is a little slow, but the food is tasty.  They don't have all of the things I want, but overall for a dim sum place in henderson it is good.  Not the best but good.
4	This place is really nice and roomy. Very contemporary compared to the traditional Chinese restaurant. The food was pretty good, I would give it 5 stars but you get the same typical service at any other dim sum places... so 4 stars :) The ladies that push the cart aren't hasty or pushy but the server brings your water and is gone forever. No biggie to me actually, I'm use to it. Didnt see any roasted pork and the shrimp balls didn't have the flakey wonton breading. Spicy salty shrimp was not spicy, salty nor crispy like I'm use too. One bonus tho, the roasted duck wasn't too greasy. Great way to get the family together for brunch :)
3	had Dim Sum items and they were good. I enjoyed the taste of the food. Service was not excellent, not even good. they were quick to bring items for selection when first got there but were a little rude and didn't explain food to me in English, not do i think they could. Luckily I had a friend with me who knew how to communicate with them and also knew what was good to have.
2	Definitely had better dimsum elsewhere! The dimsums were not hot and they were bland. Waving down servers was not fun either. To be honest, i don't even know the names of the dimsums i get but i get very American-Chinese food and it wasn't impressive.
4	How cool is it to have a dim sum place on your neighborhood?  Decent price point, tasty plates, and most importantly delish pork buns.My only criticism was that some of the dishes, like the noodles, we're at room temp - even slightly cool.  In their defense we showed up after 12 PM, so the dishes had meandered through the dining room a few times.I'm sticking by my 4 stars - not because the quality is the best I've had, but because it's pretty good and I love having a dim sum place close by (even though my oldest son goes so often they know his name).
4	I like Chang's on Decatur but, I like this place WAY more. Mainly because it's cleaner and seems less hectic so you're able to get the dishes you want.What's even more great is I found out that the owners of Chang's is, also, the owner of East Ocean.
3	ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....I've experienced better. I must say for a Dim Sum place it's not as crowded which I love and the bill is unusually cheaper than all my other Dim Sum Places I normally go to.I usually order the Shumai and the Hagaw and the pork buns and the Nu Sao Pao.. Sad to say I can tell a difference compared to my normal dim sum places.. The service is great , they do not herass you like at Chang's pushing for their sales and screaming in your ears.. I like the location it's just down the road from my place I don't have to run all the way to China to get some Dim Sum.. Overall I give it a 3 star. I will try them again and give them another try.. Maybe my taste buds were off that day..
4	First time visiting.  Food was great.  Service was ok.  Loved the green tea and the potstickers rocked my socks.
4	I was visiting clients in the area and was surprised to see a Dim Sum place located in the area. Located in a large shopping center parking was a breeze. The place is quite large and they offer their dim sum the traditional way - on push carts. The ladies were friendly and unlike some places in So Cal where they hardly speak English. I was by myself so I picked 3 dishes. I did save some room for my favorite dim sum - egg tarts and this place makes them bomb. They were flaky warm and I finished all three!The prices here are higher then So Cal and probably even LV Chinatown but it was convenient. Total came out to $18.00 plus gratuity.
3	This place is ok...not good and not bad.  My recommendation is to go after 12...because I went 30 minutes after opening and ate what didn't sell on the dim sum carts the day before.  Dim Sum is simple and must be fresh...and soooo obvious when it isn't.  I've been several times and the food is consistent when you get there after 12.  4 stars when cooked the same day and 2 stars when eating what should have been given  to the staff at the end of the day.
3	I was so happy that we finally have a dim sum restaurant around this side of town.  The food is ok, if u coming during busy hours. If not I would order items from the menu so they come out fresh and have not been sitting on the carts probably for hours.  Overall I am jus happy that I don't need to drive to china town jus to eat dim sum
4	This place was pretty legit! I came here with friends and family and aside from Gee's garden dim sum in Tucson, AZ. This place really took dim sum to another level! Varieties of many dim sum dishes to choose from and a big place to serve it, if I ever visit Vegas again, I'll come here again!
4	The 11th Day of Christmas.How cool is it to have dim sum for dinner and not have to go to Spring Mountain/Chinatown?  Pretty awesome, actually.  I met some friends the other night after work in Henderson and had my fill of char siu bao, pork shumai, and roasted duck with those delicious buns.  I started off with some egg drop soup that was just okay, but the other food items listed were great.  Service was fast and friendly and it warms my heart to know that East Ocean is conveniently located so that I can dine there before driving home to the other side of town.
2	The service is the best thing about this place.  That is why I gave them two stars.  The rest is down hill from there.  No flavor!  Too expensive!  Limited variety of dim sum! I'd rather go a little farther and enjoy a greater variety at a more reasonable price.  Won't be coming back here.
4	Dim sum is good.  It's comparable to other places.  It's close to where I live so that's another plus.  Dinner is not the greatest.  Usually when you order Egg Foo Young, it has the meat choice on the outside as well.  A little more decorative in the plate, but this place, it's just the egg patty and everything inside and sauce over it.  It taste decent, but could had been better.  This place is better for Dim Sum only and not for dinner.
5	Nomally I don't like too much sauce on each dish but this place's sauce is different as others. I love it!Fresh meat/seafood with yummy sauce. Great price for these dishes.Perfect!!! I appreciate that this restaurant was open for Thanks giving night  in 2012.
3	I used to eat here a lot.  It used to have the best Dim Sum this side of town.  The last time we went, it was less than spectacular.  I think they changed owners.  We ordered the table side Peking Duck.  That I still love, and it still tasted great.  The dim sum was rubbery and over cooked.  I was highly disappointed.  The service was the worst it has ever been.  I don't think I would be going back too soon.
2	Went to this restaurant frequently since it opened. Recently noticed a change in the food quality and service. After allowing for fluctuations, today I again experienced the quality drop. I used to forego going to OrchidGarden for dim sum because  East Ocean is closer to me and the dim sum is almost comparable. The quality of the dim sum now has deteriorated so much that I must drive the extra distance to Orchid Garden. The service has deteriorated also. Now there are a few "supervisor" type walking around (doing what ?). The service still is unattentive and has deteriorated to the old cliche of poor Chinese restaurant service. Then the price has also gone up. So, overall East Ocean is no longer the substitute for the better Chinese restaurants along Spring Mtn. Sad  to see this happen because there are a lot of people in the Henderson area that appreciate good, if not excellent Chinese food.
4	Haven't been here since they've changed management. Went here  Chinese new year and to my surprise it wasn't packed. Their Dimsum is still tops for this side of town and price is just right. I do miss the baked barbequed pork buns from the previous management though. The food is still good.
2	This place is going downhill. Very inconsistent. I like that it's closer to me, but it's really not worth it after my last experience. Went there for Chinese New Year dim sum with my family. Was told by female manager that there was still a lot of variety going around, but it turns out a number of our favorites were missing. Pork in all the dishes was very white, like they forgot the soy sauce or something. Meat & shrimp were not sticking together at all in the Siu Mai. Noodles were bland. Very inattentive and poor customer service. The male manager walked by, and I started talking to him when his cell phone rang. He answered the call promptly without excusing himself, walked away, and never came back. I thought it was very rude of him. Better to make the trek to Chinatown for dim sum done right at either Orchids Garden or Ping Pang Pong.
4	Loved it, classic Dim Sum service. Attack you with carts as soon as you sit down. There is a Chinese dessert called Rice Cake that I could only fint in Hawaii, finally found it here and it was done the right way! Service was great, food quality was amazing! The only downer was that some of the food was cold. Other than that I will be coming back here for a long while!
3	Came here for lunch and was immediately seated. Hostess showed me the lunch specials, but I was there for Dim Sum! Had the usuals, BBQ pork bun, Shu Mai, and Shrimp dumplings. I would have ordered more, but when it just you, that was plenty. I do wish the servers would explain more of the items on their carts. I am adventurous eater and love to try new things, but it was difficult to understand what some of the dishes contained. Its great to have a place on the southeast side for dim sum. Looking forward to going back with friends and trying more..
2	It was okay. As soon as we hit the door they were trying to pawn off the cold trays and it was a tad overwhelming. I do not like the fact they offer Shark Fin soup and because of that I will not be going back.
4	Great location in Henderson. It's good dim sum for the locals and the dinner entrees are all good. Try the salt and pepper chicken wings as an appetizer. YUMMY. I hope they make it. This space is so ginormous that most restaurants in this location struggle to make the place look busy. I think they should partition the room a little more to create some smaller, intimate dining areas.Management has always been friendly and receptive. My family and I come here to eat at least 3 times a month so we're familiar faces to them. For a Chinese restaurant to have a smiling server.... wow. :)
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE EVERYTHING! YUCK. OMG, where to begin....Decided to eat here for a special occasion and was so disappointed. We arrived around 5:30pm, which apparently was early for this place. There were only two other tables with people, otherwise totally empty. We were seated at a rather large, awkward table when there was only 3 of us. The servers only brought out two dim sum carts, and the food was cold. The server noticed this just as I did, and she quickly grabbed it off the table, stamped our card, and said she would heat it up for us. WTF?! In your microwave, maybe? Eeew, not fresh. And that's not good with pork or seafood dishes! When she brought back it was not appetizing at all. We couldn't get water or drinks from any server. We picked at our food, decided it wasn't for us and waited for a server to return so we could pay the bill. Servers came and went and seemed deeply offended we didn't want any more disgusting dim sum creations. The attitude from the servers was awful. I decided to be proactive and take the bill to the register myself to pay. Honestly, they were lucky I even paid, it was so awful. When I paid the exact amount of the bill and nothing more so we could leave, the server got in my face and said "Hey! You no leave a tip!" I said that I absolutely would NOT be leaving a tip because I only tip on service and it was horrible. She was upset and said something to me that I can only assume was Chinese for fuck off. Classy. Anyway, we will not be coming back and happy to not ever recommend this place. It was really bad. Went across the street and had a great dinner at Grimaldi's pizza!
3	This was my first Dim Sum experience in Vegas (I was fortunate to enjoy it in New York a few years ago with my very knowledgeable BFF, Lily) and it was quite pleasant! Luckily, I remembered the dishes I enjoyed before (in NY and growing up in Hawaii) and I also got a heads-up text from Lily, so I knew exactly what to order.Roasted Pork: Crispy skin, flavorful duck meat with a tasty sauce to dip.Calamari: Batter was okay, but the spices were delicious. Squid could've been fresher.Fried Shimp: Lightly fried whole shrimp with wonderful flavor. Again, just really great spices and it was cooked perfectly.Beef Rice Rolls: I know their shrimp counterparts are much more popular, but these were just as good. The sauce was necessary, but just a tad salty. I like the glutinous texture of the rice noodle/wrap.Spinach Ball: Haven't figured out exactly what these were, but they were giant "shu mai" stuffed with spinach (or at least I think it was) and a type of meat. It was pretty good.Turnip Cake: One of my favorite dim sum dishes! Shredded radish, rice flour, steamed, and pan-fried. Same glutinous texture with a nice crunch. Yummy.Barbecue Pork: Good flavor. I liked the thick slices of pickled radish that is served under it.Char Siu Bao: Steamed barbecue pork bun. Yum! Soft and chewy bun filled with flavorful barbecue pork. Well done.We enjoyed everything and although it wasn't very busy, the items off the carts were still fresh. They didn't have the turnip cakes when we got there and they were great to make it for us. Service was prompt and nice. We also enjoyed the tea service with our meal rather than our typical water. Great experience and convenient location!Advice: Know what you want before you get there (whether you want Dim Sum or regular plates), since carts will swarm you immediately (and I mean, you haven't even settled in your seat or placed your purse down lol). Don't be afraid to ask what's on the cart or for items not on the cart. Also, it's a fast-paced environment so don't expect them to babysit you, just flag someone down when you need something and just shake your head politely when you don't want anything else (otherwise, they'll keep trying to sell you). Most importantly, enjoy!
3	Not the best dim sum I've ever had, but it's definitely a solid choice when you're in the Henderson area. I came here with coworkers today for lunch and I like that we have this option near work. Walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by how large the interior of the restaurant is. We were seated quickly and within five minutes we had a table full of goodies to enjoy. We tried quite a few things. I can never resist noodles in XO sauce and we ordered tripe, BBQ steam buns and an assortment of other things as well. We of course had to end our meal with egg custard as well. We had a dim sum newbie in the mix, so we tried to get lots of different things for her to try and it made the experience that much more fun. Service was good and refills on tea and waters were plentiful. Looking forward to adding this to my regular lunch rotation.
2	If you are in this area and want just ok dim sum this is only choice. It's pricey for the quality. Drive the extra 15 minutes and go to Ping Pang Pong.
5	One crazy saturday morning, I decided to take my wife out for a nice dim sum in a dim sum restaurant other than our usual favorite the orchid garden. I thought I cannot get any better dim sum place than orchid garden in Vegas. Boy, was I wrong. Upon entering the restaurant, I notice a big sign saying Review Journal best of 2013. OOOHHH thats where orchid garden title lose to. I was expecting nothing but the best now. Dont know why this restaurant only have three stars rating. Cos its 5 star in my book. If you know how to make fung caw (chicken feet) right, then you are 5 star in my book. Its as simple as that. Good combination, good siu may, good har gaw, nice varieties, fast service and even great beijing duck. a little bit far from my place, but so what.
5	I loved this place! I wish my trip was longer so I could eat here more! Very casual and quick. Delicious, fresh vegetable and fish dishes. Would probably eat here everyday if I were local. This place would be awesome even in SF Chinatown...
3	I'm super picky when it comes to dim sum, but only because I love it so much.  Everything here is larger than normal and it doesnt mean that just because its bigger its better.  But I think most of their dim sum specialities are on point with taste and quality regardless; siu mai, har gow, and fried meat ball (i like how the mochi covering is thick here). I dont like how they dont have enough bao selection.  That's a big thing for me when it comes to eating something sweet after all this salty!
2	We went for Dim Sum this past Sunday and I would have to say that the food was ok. Nothing special and overpriced. There were 6 adults in our party and the bill came out to $140 including an 18% tip that was automatically charged. Even though its conveniently located nearby we would rather have driven an extra 20 min to W Sahara to Orchid Garden. The food is much better and the bill probably would have been a little less. Skip East Ocean. It's not worth the price.
4	Really, really good Dim Sum, staff is great, some items get lost in translation, but so far everything we have ate has been great!
4	Came her on Sunday at about 11:15 am.  Our party was seated right away and the dim sum carts were all over us before we could really get settled in, so we ordered a few plates.  Most of the dim sum plates we got were pretty good, including pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, bbq pork buns, and egg custard.  Service wasn't anything unexpected for a Chinese restaurant-average.  Overall a pleasant experience with good food.
1	The Dim Sum was below average. I was with my THAI wife and son. It was really strange the staff wanted to touch my son during the entire meal. I ask one female server not to touch my son 17 month old. She continued to hang around our table wierd. The people sitting next to us thought it was crazy. We will not be going back.
4	I like how we sat down and we were already eating! Dim sum was tasty. Diggin the Xmas decor.
4	Solid dim sum. Pan fried green dumplings are my favorite. Modern atmosphere which some don't like but I love the food.
2	I have been here a few times for dim sum and it is the best dim sum I had in the southeast.  But that isnt saying much.Just came in on Sunday afternoon to maybe grab some dimsum and the restaurant was empty besides one other table.  They asked us if we were eating dimsum or ordering off the menu.  We told them we would be doing both.We grabbed a few of the dimsum items and you can immediately tell that they have been sitting out for a long time and felt tough. So we thought we would try the hot pot and ordered the specialty hot pot that had a mix of ingredients in it.  That was very disappointing and we didnt even end up finishing it.All in all i would recommend coming here during busy hours so the dimsum can be a bit more fresh.
5	This is by far the best value and best taste authentic Chinese dim sum restaurant in the entire Vegas area.  I've tried many including those within the casinos and surrounding areas.  It's a bit far but is worth the time to travel.  All (especially Chinese) looking for delicious dim sum (fresh made and hot) don't look elsewhere come and try yourself then tell others.
2	Possibly the worst dim sum.  Granted we are used to San Fran or Hong Kong, but this is what Domino is to New York pizza.  Weekday late lunch may not have been a good time.  Service was courteous and attentive, place was clean, so two stars rather than one.
3	We came here on a Tuesday afternoon and ordered everything on their HH menu expect the pork 1. Salt and pepper chicken, 5.99, 6pieces2. Salt and pepper squid, 5.993. Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, 5.994. Beef chow fun (dry), 5.995. Yang Chow Fried Rice, 5.99for $36.27- Solid if you come here just for the Happy Hour food! - Salt and pepper chicken was just how I expected it. Tasted great. Loved the flavor. But it didn't match the squid. Squid seasoning was bland. - Chinese brocooli with oyster sauce had chicken which was a pleasant surprise. Great balance in the HH menu. Veggies! - Fried rice was a fail but nice compliment to the menu. - Beef chow fun was good! Nice recommendation.- 5% off if you pay cash- Service was confused. Just point. Point at napkin for more napkins. More tea? point at tea pot. - Tea charge fail. Some restaurants in cali do the same, so it's hit or miss. Tasted good. Leaf, not bagged. - Didn't bother trying the Dim Sum since OC/LA prices are so much better. Couldn't find it in my wallet to fork it up. HAHA. - Woman's bathroom has a very fragant soap! Exfoliate your hands! Coconut? Rocky! Nice!!
5	This place got a bad rap! I'm happy that Yelp let me down for once. The 3 star rating didn't deter me from trying it out and I'm glad it didn't. This restaurant is so much closer to our home in Henderson, and we didn't want to drive out to Spring Mountain Road so we gave it a shot. They had great dim sum at a good price. My only complaint was that some of the items weren't piping hot, but the flavors and presentation was good. The restaurant was clean, and there was no wait at 11 a.m. on a Saturday morning. We will definitely be back many many times!
1	Very upset with service will never eat again!!!!! Came here purchased certificate on restaurant.com. They would not honor my certificate said they are not accepting any coupon said they did not make any money off them. Well that's not my fault why did you even do business with the company???!!!! One of the waitresses said they were told to accept it if purchased on a certain date. She then said she needed to to verify with the manager. This to me is so bad for buusness at least they could do is honor there coupons and contact who they did business with and have them cancel these or do something. I would have never purchased this certificate they have horrible service he food is ok only.. This restaurant will lose business because they have no customer service or know how to run a business.
2	As others have mentioned, the service is "mostly confused" to be kind. The presentation was nonexistent - they just slop it on the plate with no attempt at making it look like anything other than that they slopped it on the plate. The food quality seemed OK but not impressive. What was really a turn-off is that they have shark fin soup on the menu, for anybody who knows how shark fins are obtained. Surprisingly, for a place that advertises as a Dim Sum restaurant, they really didn't have that much Dim Sum on the menu, and so we ordered something else. Probably more Chinese friendly than non-Chinese friendly, sort of the place that you take your family for Chinese -- if you are lukewarm on your family.
3	I've been here quite a few times now, food is good but not great. Could be better. Perhaps more selection on the dim sum and less on what they're trying to promote like, sushi rolls. Come on! Its a dim sum place not a Japanese restaurant!  Service on the other hand,  Ehhhh. .... they check on you if they have something new not when US guest needs sonething? I'd still be back since its the closest dim sum by my house...
1	i was very disappointed! i came in for dimsum, granted it's a Sunday afternoon, i do expected that they are busy. When i was in there, the hostess seated us immediately, but after that, the service was SLOW, the food was NOT hot, waiting over 30 mins for hargow (shrimp dumpling) but never came, asked another waiter/waitress if they can bring us some hargow since there was only 2 people pushing the carts of steam dumplings in the restaurant that seat 250+ people!!! they told me i can not bring you hargow, you have to wait.... end up leaving still hungry and not happy!!! i don't think i will come back or recommended this place, i noticed there were 5 other tables seated around me experienced the same treatment, so much for "Best Chinese restaurant in Vegas"
4	I don't know where any of these bad reviews are coming from. Just went for the second time the other day and it was even better than the first. Granted, I know nothing about dim sum, but I brought my mom who grew up in New York and she was very pleased. She said it was the best she'd had in a very long time. Everything was delicious. The service was great. The manager (owner?) brought a second pot of tea to our table half way through the meal and we had a pleasant conversation where he gave us some recommendations on further choices. The wait staff was very busy, the place was full, but courteous and attentive. Yes, there is a language barrier, but they were willing and eager to try to overcome it to be helpful. Do yourself a favor, and get there before 3 pm. You'll have more choices and the food is hotter. That was my discovery on my second visit.
1	My husband and I went here to eat an early dinner on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was not crowded. I only mention this because the service was haphazard. They weren't rushed. We ordered the pot stickers as an appetizer, which were okay.  My husband ordered wonton soup.  The broth didn't taste like a Chinese broth, but more like the kind of broth that should have matzo balls in it.  The wontons were stuffed with some kind of mystery meat. When I ordered the main course, I asked the waitress for information about some of the chef specialties but I didn't get a description I could understand and there was no explanation of the dishes written in the menu. I ordered the shrimp with lobster sauce (my favorite). My husband ordered a vegetarian egg foo young.  The shrimp dish was very yellow and bland, served before the steamed rice and long before my husband's meal. His egg foo young was an enormous brown blob that looked as though something had died on the plate. He ate only a few bites.  There was great deal of food leftover and we refused to take any of it home with us. Yuck
1	This is my first time writing a review because I usually never write reviews but I was so disappointed with their level of service that I had to write a review.   I called in for a take out order and pick up time was at 6pm.  Now I arrived promptly but apparently they didn't start making my order yet until I got there.  I simply ordered chow fun and what was supposed to be a 15 minute wait turned into a 1 hour wait.  I basically watched 2 families walk in, eat, then leave.  Unacceptable.  There was another gentleman before me who apparently waited for "a while" before he received his take out order and he wasn't happy at all when he left.  Let this be a warning to all.
1	First off walking in the establishment, I see a green B and two red C's posted in the front counter (during the time of my visit). So that kind of makes me wonder. But anyways, the service isn't that great at all. I know dim sum restaurants typically don't have great service but this place blows them all out of the park. The food was bland and they offered to heat the noodle dish they served to us. They came back with it and it was still COLD. The fried squid was very mushy and tasted a little bitter. Dumplings were probably the best thing to eat there. Oh and you have to ask like 5 people to bring you rice. I wouldn't want to come back here.
1	Save your money, this place has bad food that has been left out for hours. Food poisoning, to add, the food is cold and they take it back and warm it in a microwave. I never thought any Chinese restaurant could screw up fried rice. Service is bad. They are so rude. Overall the food is yuk and service is even worse.
1	Terrible. Very unkind waitresses without any smiling at all were eating right next to guest table, not taking care of order. Worst thing was unsanitary. Do not ruin your taste and mood.
3	Dim sum is delicious but service sucks. Bottom line the quality of the food invites me back and if I can just go back to the kitchen and get it myself, I would give this place a 5 star.  Stay hungry Las Vegas!
1	Horrible! Cart only came once. Our waitress left us. And there was only 1 other table besides us in the restaurant. We left and went next door to hot n juicy lol go to orchids!
5	I have eaten here twice in the past month and both times have been positive experiences. The interior is very spacious and spread out so you will never feel crowded. The staff is very friendly and helpful with any questions you may have about the menu. The dim sum taste very fresh. I usually order a regular menu item, such as BBQ pork chow mien, and 2 dim sums. The orange chicken is some of the best I have ever had and I highly recommend trying it. Overall 5 stars!
3	Not bad but nothing special at all. It's nice to eat Chinese food without it being overwhelmingly oily. Unless you are a local to the area, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
3	If you live or work within the Henderson area, this is not a bad place for Dim Sum, especially if you want to avoid having to drive to Chinatown. Price is comparable, taste is good however it lacks variety. If you like the pineapple bun, order it upon seating so it will be ready by the time you are ready for dessert. It's clean and not greasy. My favorite thing there is one of the servers who speaks English really well and Spanish who thinks she owns the restaurant (or at least she tells me that). She is fun and entertaining at the same time.
3	Good variety of dim sum and ambiance is authentic.  The only reason I give it 3 stars is it is a little pricey for dim sum (other places in china town are more reasonable) and the later you go then the food sometimes tastes as if it has been out for a little too long.
5	With so many dim sum and Chinese eateries they all start to blend in and food is always pleasing - but the same. For some reason this place stands out and seems fancy without a huge jump in price. The restaurant itself is huge and clean. The staff is friendly and very accommodating. Food seemed to take a little longer to come out but when it comes out you know it's freshly made! Loved it and will def be back.
5	Authentic Chinese done with great care and reasonable prices. Our Hong Kong hosts ordered a 6 lb whole lobster for the table, done two ways, both delicious!  Black bean and garlic sauce was my favorite. We also had whole fish and fresh chicken. If you want to experience what the residents of Hong Kong are enjoying, this restaurant brings it all to Las Vegas.
3	I come here ever so often for dim sum just because its close to where I live. However, I think this may be the last time I will be coming here for a very long while. I felt they try to push you to get everything in the carts. We constantly had to say, "no, thank you." The food was good. Not something to say "wow" about. You definitely need to come later like 1pm to see a more varietal of dim sum. Certain dishes I normally get at dim sum places, here it seemed bland. The desserts were very good though.  I guess I was also a bit surprise with the bill being over $60 for three people. I've never known to pay so much for dim sum especially for three.Overall, if you don't want to drive to Chinatown for dim sum, I guess you can come here or go next door to Hot n Juicy Crawfish ;)
2	OK, but not great. Service was pretty good; we were promptly seated and frequently checked on. However, they would not split the check, saying each card needs a minimum charge of $20 to be swiped. The food was just so-so, and they did not have sesame chicken on the menu. Portions were also smaller than expected. It was hard to overlook that since the entrees were $12-15 and came with just a small side of white rice. It was pretty much twice the price for less food than the little Chinese restaurant on Pecos and Russell. I don't think we'll be back here.
4	I don't like Chinese food that much, but my bf loves it. So we tried this place. I loved their duck buns. The waiter comes to your table and slices and serves it to you. It was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. Will come back for these yummy duck buns.
4	We have eaten Dim Sum all over Southern California and believe me there are a lot of authentic restaurants there. Orange County is like another Asian country. (not complaining!)  Tried a place in Vegas and it was really not good but had a REALLY good experience at East Ocean. The staff was very helpful and attentive. The food was also really good. Until something else comes up, this is my local place for Dim Sum. Have already recommended it to others.
5	This is an amazing, authentic Chinese Restaurant with an astounding variety of flavors, without using dreaded MSG!  We had the pepper beef, so tender and bursting with flavor that melted in our mouths. For a special occasion we also had whole main lobster with bean sauce, so fresh and savory. We finished with fresh fish with pineapple and peppers, accompanied with shrimp fried rice and Chinese broccoli, perfectly prepared. This is the best Chinese in the city, including Chinatown!
3	Reasonable dimsum pricing and a decent selection.  The calamari was good but the coating was falling off and a bit greasy.  The portion size was good.  Two of us without alcohol were out of there stuffed for about $40.00 which for dim sum is good.  East Ocean does everything at a solid level but I expected a bit more from a place that touts being the best on the outside of the restaurant.  I would have liked to see friendlier service, more explanation of what the dim sum items were, a bit less grease on the fried foods, and have the carts come by without having to be asked.  All in all it is a good solid meal if you like dim sum but if you are new to dim sum, be prepared to guess what you are eating.
1	The only reason I'm giving this disaster of a "restaurant" 1 star is because I don't have achoice. FOR EVERYONE READING THIS REVIEW, CONSIDER THIS A FAIR WARNING! I just moved across the street and wanted to give this place a try, from the outside looking in; it looks like a nice spacious place to grab lunch from. When I walked in nobody greeted my boyfriend and I for about 3 minutes until a lady finally came to the front and sat us down, asked us what we wanted to drink and then sat 2 tables behind us to stuff her face with a table full of food. When she came back with our waters, I ordered a small bowl of hot and sour soup along with an order of pot stickers. Literally 5 minutes later she came back and my boyfriend ordered the house noodles, she took his menu and left mine, she never took my order. The soup had been sitting out for hours I'm assuming, because it wasn't even room temperature, it had no flavor, taste, or warmth AT ALL. GROSS!! My boyfriend took one bite of the pot sticker and had to practically yank it from his mouth because of how rubbery the texture was, it was cold too. I wasn't going to eat anything else from that place, and since the server was so conveniently close behind us -STILL EATING TONS OF FOOD MIGHT I ADD, I called her over to the table. I told her the food was cold and to cancel the order, she insisted that the pot stickers were made fresh so I then took my fork and tried to cut ALL of the pot stickers in half, one by one -they were all rubbery, she tried to look surprised. She then tried to explain that the pot stickers were 'dim sum' and they were made like that and kept saying that everything was made fresh... SMH. Never going back there again.
1	I was disappointed about the service. It took about 45 minutes for our food to get served, which is so unusual for Chinese rest. The food was not great, the lettuce wrap was the worst I've had so far. I will never come back to this place again.
2	I've eaten here a few times. Dim sum is decent but depending on the day and time, the quality and variety greatly fluctuates. Went for Mother's Day with family and never made it to actually being seated. The sinister hostess grumbled at me to wait when I asked if I could be added to the wait list. She then stood there, doing nothing between seating others in line. After 15 min of waiting & other parties coming into the restaurant, I approached her again to add my name. She yelled "You wait!" She then lumbered to the front desk and yelled, "okay, I get names now!" Really? REALLY??A crowd of about 20 people went forward to submit their names, but I got to her first (as I was there before the others) and asked for a table for 8. She glared at me, wrote my info, without saying a word. When I asked what the average wait was, she responded, "5 minutes or maybe hour and a half. Either way, you wait!" Really, she seemed inordinately invested in my "waiting"...After seeing her treat everyone else rudely & talking to my family, we decided it wasn't worth it so we left. As far as returning in the future, and this is directed right at snarling, hissing "Dragon Lady disguised as matronly hostess", YOU'LL be waiting for a loooonnngg time.
4	I like this place.  It is clean and open.  I have been to several places for dim sum and this is one of my favorites.  It is quiet and you don't feel so rushed.  Can actually enjoy some conversation (in between the food carts.)  The food choices are good and my favorite are the pineapple buns :)!!!
1	I'm surprised this place is still open. I tried this place for the first time this weekend and I've never been soooo disappointed by dim sum. I had been craving some dim sum the whole week and since I was in this area I gave it a shot...a shot on the foot would've been a better experience than eating here.The hostess was too pre-occupied with shenanigans so we stood around for minutes. The place was dead. Grade B, C and another C on the wall. I wanted to leave but my friend wasn't willing to go to Chinatown. He has never tried dim sum and it's very unfortunate to have his cherry popped at a place like this.We got Cha Siu bao, flat noodles with beef, Hargao, 2 orders of siumai and BBQ pork. Everything was bland. The Hargao and siumai were fishy. The Cha Siu bao and flat noodles completely lacked meat. All dough/noodles. I taught my friend a Chinese phrase to describe this place and the food: bu hao! Their BCC grade probably means Beeyotch Can't Cook! I couldn't sleep that night due to a terrible stomach ache.
5	New FAVORITE Dim Sum in the Vegas area (yes I know it's in Henderson).  Hubby and I happened on East Ocean by chance.  While shopping in the area, we required a quick, yet healthy meal = dim sum.  I knew we hit jackpot when we walked through the doors and 98% of the clientele was Asian.  Hubby and I exchanged a knowing glance and we gladly followed the ever waiting hostess to our table.Before we could even situate ourselves properly our drink orders were taken and the food started to arrive en masse.  First observation, they have TONS of choices.  All our favorite dim sum items were present and accounted for.  Second observation, with our first bite (of our  prospective favorite item) we were hooked.  The food is excellent.  Fresh and very flavorful.  Their chili oil, passed Hubby's seal of approval, this is a rare occurrence, very few restaurants pass this test.  If you like duck, I highly reccomend their duck.  It was delicious, juicy and definitely NOT over cooked.  Their Cane Crab is not served on a sugar cane stick, but has to be the BEST I have ever tasted at a dim sum restaurant.Lastely, this place is large, very clean and absorbs sounds, so you can still have an intimate meal with someone and not feel like you are listening to everyone else's conversations, or they yours.  They even have a family bathroom, so you can take your kids with you comfortably.Note:  if you bring cash you will get a discount on your meal.  They let you keep the difference that a credit card company would take, that's AWESOME, so hit up an ATM before you come.  Also for those of you who are tourists, do not hesitate to have a cab bring you here.  It's only about 15-20 minutes off the strip and it's well worth the drive.
3	This was our first Dim Sum dining experience.  I didn't know what to expect but I've been wanting to try it since we moved here.  We walked in towards the end of lunch hours.  We were greeted and seated right away.  Yes, we were the only ones in there.  I think this worked to our advantage though.  Being it was our first time, she gladly explained how everything worked.  She said dim dum is appetizers.   You pick from the cart that comes by the table.  What I like is that your food is done already with in waiting.  The down side to this is you don't know the names of what you are getting and how long they have been on the cart.  Unfortunately I chose to try some calamari.  That was probably the most dry and overdone calamari I've ever had.   On the bright side, I had some pretty tasty siu Mai and har gow.  I only knew the names because someone else had posted it.  I love the format of the dim sum restaurant.  The service here was friendly and very attentive.  I say it's a strong 3.5!
5	Very good dim sum. I no longer have to drive to spring mtn for it. Sticky rice, BBQ pork buns were both stand outs!!
4	I like this place mainly because of its location, the best dim sum place probably still is in gold coast, but you can never get in there during weekends, it is always packed, the quality of  east ocean dim sum is close to the one in palms , but palms is too far from where I live . anyway I tried chicken feet last time , (the must try dim sum dish), but it was not good , tasted staled, like being heated many time. I love the barbecue pork , string beans, spare ribs, tasted very authentic. this probably is the only authentic chinese restaurant in henderson.
5	Love this place, I'm from San Francisco, and go to Las Vegas at least twice a year, I stay on the south side at our Condo's, and found this place last year,  it's fast service good food for the price, friendly staff, they always remember us, and you can always tell good food by the patrons, always crowded, and Asian.  There bbq pork is lean, and Noodles great flavor.  dim sum very good.  lunch is cheap.  we'll be back...
5	Absolutely amazing! It was like i was in Chinatown in San Fransisco. From 11 to 3 they serve everything on the menu and then after 3 they serve a shortened menu
1	As we eat out more than we eat at home we decided to try East Ocean.  We drive by it on Eastern all the time.  One star is all I can say.  The Dim Sum was wonderful but no where did it list prices. The entrees yuck  would rather go to Panda Express.  This is so over-rated will not go back.  The service was so so (we did get refills constantly on our sodas) watched a female start taking an order from a table and her cell phone rang, she answered and walked away from the guests placing their order.  AND then she walks to us and her phone rings again and she answered, guess we should have left then.  Lots of tables available and there was only 5 tables that had guests (we were there 5pm)
4	Dim sum at a great location!  I like their a la carte menu too.  I've tried other dim sum places, and I think this is the best one in the valley.  They have a great variety.  I like their chinese broccoli, shrimp and pork dumplings, and noodle in soup with dumplings.  It's hard to find an authentic chinese restaurant that offers good simple noodle in soup, but this place has it.  Their hong kong crispy chow mein is reasonably portioned (probably good for 3-4 people) are a reasonable price.  The taste was perfect - it wasn't too salty and it wasn't too bland.  I think the quality and portions of their food are good.
2	Came here a couple of weeks ago. Food was decent. Not crazy amazing. Service was horrible. I felt like instead of being helpful they were pushing food onto me. Also they messed up on our check and the table next to ours. Instead of apologizing and what not one guy kept yelling at the table next to us. It is clear to see that they do not know how to deal with customer issues. We kept quiet while watching them argue. Not impressed at all. Will try somewhere else in the future.
4	Hargow, pork shumai, char siu bao, rice cake? Yes! All my favorite dim sum are here.  I've been coming here since they opened and watched several businesses come and go (Makino's, Italian place?) and glad that East Ocean shows promises of staying. It is so convenient to have decent dim sum on this side of town.  I feel that their variety is adequate. Quality and taste is on par.  Temperature and freshness of dim sum is great.  I love that I can get "manapua"/"siopao" here AKA pork buns in both versions of steamed and baked.  This place has the basic offerings in the steamed dumplings cart. The soup cart has congee (rice porridge), egg drop, and hot & sour.  For those that like the fried "Chinese donut" with their congee, just order it as a side order from your server, since it is not available on cart.  The dessert cart fell short here for me. Not too much variety and I never seem to see the egg tarts or sesame balls! Seriously?  Also, the "pineapple buns" was too egg-y ooey gooey for my taste.  No fruit tarts, boba or sweet tofu.  Places like Orchid Garden and Chang's have much better desserts. This restaurant is spacious and getting a table is usually never an issue, even for large parties.  I believe you can even have a private party or large celebration here because there is a make shift stage and podium of the West side of the restaurant.Overall, their quality and customer service has improved. Unfortunately, their prices are higher here than other than their chinatown counterparts.  A usual $20/$25 meal was $30+ here.  I guess that is the trade off of saving gas money!  I mainly go here for dim sum, but would love to try their regular menu items!
3	The dim sum was okay it's better earlier in the day. However watch out if you order dishes off the menu because our vegetable dish was $14 for an plate of dou miou and we weren't expecting that. The two of us ended up spending $50 for okay quality food. The salty fish and chicken fried rice barely had any fish and it felt like $12 for a big plate of rice. The flavor was acceptable though.
2	Food was okay. I had better. Too overpriced for the taste. Very bland food. I'll stick to ChinaTown. And seemed like servers did not want to be here
5	Strange...not sure why this place only has 3 stars.  I really enjoyed this place. We had a group of 10 folks and most of them just got the lunch special which was a very good portion including a soup, eggroll, rice and entree for $8.99. A friend and I decided to share the Dim Sum.  We tried probably 10 items and I liked all 10 of them.  He got the lunch special too, but I was full off of the Dim Sum. I asked everyone if they liked their food and everyone said they did.  Again, not sure why such low ratings, but I would definitely come back here again.
3	For a dim sum restaurant in Henderson, this place was fairly good. Worth the savings of driving all the way to spring mountain/china town. As with all dim sum restaurants, bring a large group of people so you can eat a lot of dishes. We had a large variety including:BBQ pork bao (pork buns)- very good, nice flavor, good amount of pork in them. Possibly purchased, not made in house. Fried taro- dense and flavorless. Probably the biggest miss. Chicken feet- these were very good. Not too heavy on sauce. Nice and tender. Shu Mai- good. Nice flavor. Good texture, but probably purchased. Fried daikon cake- too soft, can hardly taste the daikon, sear on it was not up to par, but worked for Henderson. Gai Lan- good. Nice flavor. Cooked well. Shrimp fried rice (dim sum) - value plate. No sear on the rice, very few tiny shrimp. Beef fried ho fan- good. Nice flavor. Good amount of beef. Steamed Short ribs- mediocre. Not outstanding. Missing fermented black beans. Sticky rice in river leaf- good, but heavy on the sticky rice, only a small piece of Chinese sausage inside. Sweet buns- bread was nice and light/ fluffy. Good texture. Sweet Steamed tofu- very good. Nice flavor light way to hit the sweet craving at the end of your meal without feeling guilty. Overall, a good dim sum for Henderson, but Henderson is a very white/American area. If you live in Henderson, worth saving the trip.
2	Very disappointing.  I have been there a few times before and it was adequate, but its been about 6 months.  I really want to like this place because we live in Henderson about 10 minutes away and would like not to have to go all the way to Chinatown.So we arrived about 12:30, and it was about half full.  The long and short of it is that they only had a couple of carts going around with minimal variety.  Most of the dishes were luke-warm to room temperature (we had to ask to have a couple of them "nuked".)  The carts never had anything new, and there were no servers circulating with "Specials".We have been to almost all restaurants serving dim sum in Vegas, with KJ's at the Rio so far the best, and today's experience the worst in 3 years in the Valley.  We lived in San Francisco for 30 years so we were perhaps a bit spoiled.  Our expectations were low going in, but our hopes were very high.  As I started out, "very disappointing" and would not recommend.For us, never again, at least under present management.
3	I don't know what to think about this place. It's honestly just like every other dim sum place I've been to. Cathay House and Orchid Garden....If anything is better it's their English. Hah. So in short, if you live in the Henderson area, you should go here because it's close. You don't need to drive far to Chinatown just to get some dim sum. IN OTHER NEWS. MY SEARCH FOR THE BEST XIAO LONG BAO (Shanghai Dumplings or Soup Dumplings) CONTINUES!!! the justeatit rating is: Iwouldn'treallycomeherebecauseit'sontheothersideoftown#justeatitgirl
4	Great Chinese food,  regular menu and dim sum are both really good !!! Try the sticky rice wrapped in the leaf, it's off the dim sum menu,  one of my favZ !!!
1	Not sure why this place has 3 stars. I'd give it zero if I could. The dim sum was absolutely disgusting. We ordered one of everything. It was all either cold and bland, or extremely hot and rubbery. I spit out my first bite and wouldn't touch the rest. If you're willing to spend 30 bucks on water and tea, go for it. Otherwise you're better off at Panda Express.
1	Again another Chinese restaurant that pre cooks their sweet and sour chicken and anything that is deep fried. The sauces on the food were mediocre and the meat was dry and overcooked because of the precooked nature of the food.
1	Food is okay, service stinks. Left here hungry 2 times now. Manager is clueless, staff poorly trained. Never busy, no wait on weekends or peak times. Wonder why.
1	It was my third visit here last weekend. However, it was my first time going around dinner. There was only one other table when we got there at around 6. The two men that "served" (if you can call it that) us were clueless on where to seat us, and worse they were clueless about the menu. They were rude and shouldn't be working in the service industry. He argued with us about a dimsum order, and then walked out on us. Long story short, we felt disrespected and we're definitely not coming back to this establishment.
2	This review is based on our dim sum experience. We did not enjoy this place. We were the first ones here. The hargow tasted old. We ordered chow mein and it was just okay. We ordered chow mein, har gow, and siomai.  The bill came out to be around $22. It's not worth coming to for dimsum. I'm hope their other food is good.
5	Great service! Great dim sum! I had take out the other evening and they freshly made an order of dim sum for me and my partner.  It was delicious!  Have recommended this place to my whole family when they come into town!
5	Consistent, fresh and delicious variety of dim sum dishes. There are a lot of dim sum places in town, but I recommend this place for this side of town. I've tried all their selections and not one was a poor choice.
5	This place is a hidden treasure away from ChinaTown.  Food variety when it comes to having dim sum is delicious, customer service is great and price is relatively inexpensive.  Also there is plenty of seating areas, plenty of parking and nearby shopping centers.  Highly recommend this location to anyone who craves for some oriental dim sum food.
5	Not sure if they have read the comments, but the Dim Sum was fantastic.  If you ask for your dish hot they will bring you out a dish just made.   The service was fast as well.    I would rank some of the dishes here better than Dim Sum in the Bay Area and Monterrey Park.  Try the (hot) salt and pepper chicken wings or the salt and pepper shrimp(you eat the shell and all).  The custard buns and the bbq pork pastries were amazing.  Also order the Chow Mein Hong Kong style with crispy noodles (not the one on the cart).  Most of my friends expect a Panda Express experience when first trying Dim Sum.  Cantonese style cooking is very different than Schezwan...  the flavors are more subtle.   Be prepared for mild ginger, scallions, steamed bread, plainer noodles and five spice.  You can always spice things up with chilly sauce, soy sauce and white pepper at the table.
1	THEY GAVE US RAW PORK shu Mai !!  Gross! They didn't seem to care when I complained so we walked out. Btw this is the second time. Will never come here again.
3	East Ocean is my go-to place for dim sum in Henderson. It is always busy, and there are carts-a-plenty to choose from. The first thing I order is some water and hot tea. The waiters and waitresses are polite and helpful. I always order some chow mein, BBQ pork buns, shrimp shumai, shrimp balls, and sweet coconut buns. The hubby orders the fried rice, sticky bbq buns, and a vegetable plate I do not know the name of (but it is really good!).The food here is fresh and the service is good. I have been here many times and have never had a bad lunch. If you are in Henderson on Eastern, check it out!
4	Needing my Dim Sum fix I thought I'd reluctantly try East Ocean. Pleasantly surprised was I  !!! I loved the selections and the flavors were authentic. I also decided to try the dinners after that. Again pleasantly surprised. I would say it is the best Chinese food in the Las Vegas/Henderson area. Contrary to what another poster said our servers are more than helpful. I have decided to have my Dim Sum there at least twice a week and have dinner there at least once a week!
