5	By far the best sub shop in Las Vegas. Hougan's just opened up in Jan 08, and I can easily see this shop giving Capriotti's and Subway a run for their money. They have a bright store with a great atmosphere, friendly staff (the store is family owned by a mother and daughter team), a kids menu and many choices for sandwiches, salads, and burgers. The quality of the food is excellent, and the price is right, with everything on the menu under $10 (with the exception of platters of subs) it's very easy to feed multiple people without breaking your pocketbook.I've eaten here almost every day since they opened, and have nothing bad to say at all about the store. Definitely recommend to anyone who's hungry and enjoys a good sub sandwich!
5	Since moving to Vegas about a year a half ago I have always been a huge fan of Capriotti's. Enjoying their subs 2 or 3 times a month. When I was forced to try this new sub shop, I was not a happy camper. But when you are waiting for a car repair and are starving... your choices are limited.Lucky for us! This time our choices were limited to Hougans. We decided to get the same exact thing we always get at the competitor so we could truly decide which was better. Philly cheese steak (with hot and sweet peppers) and the Thanksgiving type sandwich. The two women who ran the shop were so friendly and so nice! They made everything fresh for us right there, and threw in an extra bag of chips free (just cause!). Now lets get down to the nitty gritty. The philly was excellent, hot, and spicy. Really spicy. Like next time we will probably get the hot peppers on the side spicy. The bread was great and the sandwich all around was pretty delicious. Altho, I think I would prefer Capriotti's on this one. The Thanksgiving sandwich (which is what I call it, but the true name escapes me) had huge piles of hot moist turkey. This is where they have Capriotti's beat! More turkey then you could ever imagine! We had them put the gravy on the side, as we were in for the long haul and didn't want it to get soggy. We dipped the sandwich as we went and good lord was it fantastic! In the end, I would say the score is tied, 1-1. and until I decide to start eating different sandwiches, the two sub shops remain tied for first place. For those of you who live in the area of Hougan's, for sure a place you want to add to your "how bout we go here for lunch" list!
4	Hougan's is a great sandwich shop, but one thing that goes overlooked by their fantastic sandwiches is their amazing burgers.  They make 1/2 lb and 1 lb burgers that are simply fantastic.  Their subs (all named after racing themes) are also great.  Very clean and friendly staff as well.
5	Love, love, love this place!  As former longtime fans of Capriotti's, my husband and I discovered Hougan's on a recommendation.  THANK YOU TONY!!!!   Not only are the sandwiches better, the service is awesome.  My husband and I took my two sisters and nephew there the other day.  They too were die-hard Capriotti fans, until January 29, 2010!  We watched as the sandwich artist (because that's what she is!) whipped up five superb sandwiches and still managed to carry on a conversation with us!And the sandwiches...OMJesus!  Get the Burnout which is a great pastrami sandwich with yellow mustard(you can get brown mustard if you like it's my fave), coleslaw and pickles.  Sooo goood and flavorful!  Another favorite is Thanksgiving All Year Long!  Much like the Bobby at Capriotti's but with FLAVOR!  You can imagine that this IS what Thanksgiving leftovers at the owners home would taste like!   The philly is yummy and juicy.  The meatball sub chock full of homemade meatballs and sauce!  We're on a mission to eat Hougan's at least once a week!  Time to switch to elastic banded pants!!!
5	Veggies are very yummy here and the ladies that own this restaurant have always been friendly to me. Go try a sub and I promise you will not be disappointed!
5	Capriotti's Who?  This place is friggin' legit.  This wasn't close to where I work either.  But for I just had a hunch, that I was in for a treat.  If your an East Coast transplant wondering where can I get an Italian Combo and is totally against putting mustard or mayo on there hoagie or sub (depending on where your from)....well Hougan's is the spot! They even put hot capicola on their combo!  Now that's legit!  Can't wait to try the cheesesteak next time.  One of the ladies who worked there was munching on one and she said "Yup eat these for breakfast too" Now that's legit!
5	This is the best sandwich shop in Vegas hands down. The ladies that run it are the nicest people you'll ever meet. They have a great selection of subs for you to try. My suggestion is their new "turkey Philly sub". No one in town has this sub at all and if you love phillys then this is the place to go. As far as the other subs this is "the best of Las Vegas" subs. I used to go to the usual sub shops here and now I won't dare try another after Hougan's.
3	Glad to read that people enjoyed it but I and boyfriend think Capriottis philly is better! Meat was bland and not enough cheese to be a real hangover cure. Had heard the local ladies were nice but we actually had an awkward moment when my bf asked for a card and conversationally said "no one told me about it last time I was here"  She quipped "well we are here 24/7 give us a break." I get it...work does suck...sorry.      Why is it impossible to get wheat bread at sub shops?
3	Sandwiches are good, not great, and prices are a li'l on the high side.Extra points for being family owned and having better service than Capriotti's.Minus a point for the strict rules on the punch cards.
3	I am always rooting for the small indy owned places around town and even the small local chains. Going in I really wanted to like Hougan's.  I ate my sub and although I didn't dislike it, like Mindy A., I just though it was OK. Nothing really stood out flavor wise. The ladies behind the counter were very friendly and that's a plus, however, service alone isn't enough to make me go out of my way to visit again. The sandwiches need more flavor. They are slightly pricey and even if they were cheaper, there are too many better sub shops in Vegas to seek this one out.   Johnny Dill, Capriotti's, Any decent Italian deli, and Naked City all dominate by comparative standards. You have the service down, now work on the flavors and I'll pay a revisit. I want to give you more stars, give me a reason Hougan's.
3	After reading all of the great reviews of this place, I was really really hoping for a great sandwich experience.  I don't live anywhere near this place but happened to be in the neighborhood yesterday, so I decided to make a stop here.I ordered a Regular Sized (9") Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich with Provolone & Peppers.The woman working there was very nice and friendly.  The other customers in the joint appeared to be regulars because she knew them by name and already knew what a few of them wanted......very impressive.  You don't find service like that too often in Vegas.My sandwich was very fresh & hot and looked awesome.  However, in the taste department it fell flat for me.  I thought the Beef was a little bland.....it didn't have that distinctive taste that I expect from a Steak Sandwich.  I also thought it could have used more Cheese as I could barely taste the Provolone.  The Peppers were good.....although, I didn't know you had the option to order Sweet or Hot Peppers until I overheard other people asking for them.....wish I would have known, I would have ordered Hot......to be fair, it's printed on the menu on the wall.....but I overlooked it as I was trying to read everything and figure out what to order before someone else came in and cut in front of me.Overall, it was a pleasant experience and even though the Steak Sandwich didn't do it for me, I will give this place another try the next time I'm in the area so I can try the Pastrami & Swiss Burger and their Italian Sandwich.  Until then, it gets 3 Stars in my book.
4	My wife and I went there for lunch. I had the three cheese sub because I am a vegetarian, and she had the turkey cold sub on whole wheat. Both sandwiches were excellent. My wife liked hers so much that she wants to go back tonight. The service was a little slow because they were short-staffed, but the people were very friendly and the food was outstanding.
5	This place is a few miles out of your way as you drive into town but well worth the detour!!! We were greeted by two of the nicest lady's that we have ever met in a Deli (outside of HB of course) and it turned out they were the owners and actually love what they do and their customers are always well taken care of and made to feel like you have known them forever. These lady's roast their own turkey's every night and slice their own meats. The Pastrami was super meaty, lean, and perfectly seasoned. My husbands cheese steak was just perfect, thin soft onions, peppers, and lean beef with a soft roll...oh and very generous portions made him very happy =)  The Pastrami & Cheese Steak were so good that we had to get two Turkey Sandwich's to put in the cooler for the drive home to California and after a long 7.5 hours in bumper to bumper traffic, they were so delicious that we were ALMOST glad we got stuck in traffic...ok not really, but they were great!The really fantastic part was that the lady's heard that we were going to put them in our cooler for a long drive and they wrapped each half of our sandwich's seperately and put them in a ziploc bag without us even asking! That just about brought a tear to my eye as I am not often exposed to the kind of customer service that I always long for...sniff sniff  Oh and BTW...they let us in on a little secret...they are scouting for a location in California so look for it soon...I know we will be!
4	I came back in wanting that delicious Italian Combo.....but the picture of that Meatball sandwich was calling out to me DEVOUR me.  It could've used a sprinkling of parmesan cheese on top but the seasoned balls were ginormous and had lots of ooey gooey melty provoloney cheesiness on a soft roll.  I'm telling you if I run into anybody again who tells me OOH...that Subway makes the best meatball sandwich, I'm going to have slap them upside the head with one of these bad boys.  With that said, as much as I enjoyed it wasn't enough to surpass that Italian Combo, which is still my 5 star winner.  Next on my to do list is the Slick Track Sandwich!
3	Capriottis who?  I personally cant go that far. The cheesesteak was OK, but by no means better than Capriottis. I heard the burger was good. It looked good, but I did not try it. No fountain soda is a negative for me, but otherwise decent food. I can't say I'd go out of my way to eat there, but if I'm in the neighborhood.
3	The ladies are very accommodating and sweet. Like a homey down to earth feel. I wasn't too impressed with my sandwich maybe because I asked for peppers thinking it was bell peppers. Well, they gave me pickled or sweet peppers instead. It really threw off my philly cheesesteak. The sandwich size was OK and not that filling. I would go again if I had to but I wouldn't go if I were to choose. A little bummed no french fries there either. haha
5	Hougan's gets 5-stars for their "Thanksgiving in a sub" sandwich alone! Yeah, their other stuff is really good, but this sub is TOPS. Super-filling and delicious, it's all you get on your plate for Turkey Day, in a sub.Perfect!Ohyeah, they are cool people, and sell Tasty Kakes! GO GET SOME!!
4	I live no where near Hougan's and found Hougan's by mistake.  For anyone who's looking for the iPhone repair shop, it's been replaced by a dry cleaning establishment.  Hence, Hougan's is next door.Walking in, I notice how much character is packed into the small store.  The motif is NASCAR but also has the traditional old-school soda shop feel.  There are tons of young and old pictures of Hougan's fans proudly displayed on the left wall.  Then I see an old picture of the White House (sub shop on the boardwalk of Atlantic City), and I knew the food was going to be East Coast goodness, phew!I order a Philly cheesesteak for me and a Slick Track for the fiance.  Unfortunately, the Slick Track is not listed on their online menu so I'll explain so it to you so you can get instantly hungry.  It is freshly roasted/carved turkey (she roasts bird(s) EVERYDAY), homemade stuffing, homemade gravy, and cranberry on a fresh sub roll.  It's similar to a Bobby from Capriotti's but, hot and soooooooooooo much better, says the fiance.  The cheesesteak was pretty good itself with good flavor but could've used a touch more steak.  Luckily, there wasn't any skimping on the provolone.  Both sandwiches were made to order, so calling ahead of time is recommended if you are in a crunch.  9" smalls are $7.50 and 12" larges are $9.50 and are worth it.My service was phenominal (although I was the only patron there in the middle of the afternoon).  I started a conversation with Ruth (the owner) after I placed my order and we had a blast  talking about everything!  She's a doll and makes some damn good sandwiches.  I WILL be returning asap!
4	This is one my favorite places in Vegas for a Philly cheesesteak. And the service is excellent.The bread is just right and the meat has a decent flavor. Though, I must say that the standard Philly is not as good as when you get it with hot peppers and pepperjack cheese. That just makes the flavors explode and gives you just the right amount of spiciness. In fact, that really is the only way to go here. And it has just the right amount of greasiness. It's a great sandwich.The downsides are that they don't have Whiz as a cheese option and they don't really offer any sides (i.e. fries), though they do have a decent selection of chips.When I have a Philly craving and don't feel like venturing outside of my neighborhood, this is where I go.
4	I got the thanksgiving all year sandwich.i think they call it the bobbie at another sandwich shop;).Fresh not pressed turkey,dressing , cranberry sauce and mayo on a very fresh sub roll. The dressing in this sandwich was awesome very tasty and not too mushy ,a good thing in a sandwich. I will not hesitate to go back , I hear the Italian sub calling me!
4	Out and about this afternoon, searching for a good and different  sandwich. Then my husband remembered this place and we were close by so we stopped in. It's small with very limited seating, but with friendly staff/cook and laid back approach to it. Of course there is the race theme everywhere, and a small flat screen with what else but racing on. I ordered the pastrami sandwich and it was really good! The bread was soft but with a crispy crust, the pastrami was thinly sliced and then heated on the grill. The runny mustard sauce was slightly spicy with a little bit of sweetness and together, made for a great sandwich.
3	Delicious sandwiches made your way! Philly cheesesteaks and italian are my favs. The people here are always friendly which is a plus :) Conveniently located right next to our alterations place (awesome place to get alterations! Linh's Alterations.) Two stamp Tuesdays and Saturdays! Drop off your alterations and grab a sandwich too. Yum!
4	I was introduced to Hougan's by a friend, and room mate when I first moved to Vegas! I am always skeptical when I read or hear that a restaurant is the best best best... We were out and and he dragged me in to get a version of what most know as "the bobbie" and to my surprise it was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  Food aside, this quaint shop has local appeal that is reminiscent of a mom and pop joint in New York.I have yet to fill my card and get my picture on the wall, but I am sure that day will come. To the fine ladies at Hougans's, Chris sends his best. He moved back home out East!I have used this shop for company meetings, and the food was a hit. By all means if you are south side, close to Southpoint Casino, stop in and become a member of the Hougan's family!
5	By far the absolute best sandwich I've ever had! Screw Subway and all other places this blows them out of the water! The best part is that you're treated and always regarded as a valued customer...they remember your name too! Ive lived in Philly and these cheesesteaks (chicken version too)  are by far the best! You have to try this place!
3	The line at Subway was ridiculous since they are offering those $2 subs, so I decided to try this place located around the corner. The sign outside the building says they are known for cheesesteaks. When I got inside, I browsed the menu. They have a good combination of hot and cold subs. I asked the nice little old lady what she suggested, and by now surprise she recommended the cheesesteak. It set me back $8.78 for a small sandwich. The sandwich - I have been to Philly. While I did not go to Pat's or Geno's, I have had a genuine down home Philly steak sandwich equipped with the Wiz. This one was not quite there. In a game of baseball, it would make it to second base and strike out on the way to third base. It was just okay. The bread was somewhat fresh. Maybe baked a day or two prior. The meat was sliced deli-style, which I am not a fan of.I like Capriotti's much better, and would recommend it for the steak sandwich. The service is really good though!
5	Found this place a few years ago after a friend recommended it. What a great place for subs and salads! Ruth makes the best Italian subs! We are also big fans of the cheesesteak and turkey sub. Prices are reasonable and subs are a great value. Bread and veggies are always fresh! Ruth the owner is so sweet and always has a big smile on her face!
3	I am a sucker for the old "Best Philly Cheese Steak" sign that is invariably found in every city in America.  Whenever I see it I cannot fight the urge to do my own xxxx vs. Philly taste test.  Hougan's is one of these places.  They have a sign that sits on Silverado Ranch that begs you to walk in and give their steaks the old college try. After fighting the urge for a month, I finally caved in last night. First, let me tell you about the food.  I ordered the Pizza Steak (steak, provolone, pizza sauce) with onions, peppers and mushrooms.  The first step to a great Philly cheese steak is the bread.  A Philly steak will give your wrist a nice dousing of wiz but the bread will always hold firm no matter what toppings you decide to pack into it.  This was not the case with Hougan's.  Immediately upon the unwrapping of the sammy I could see that the bottom of it was soaked almost to the point of turning it into to mush.  This was def from the pizza sauce and might be limited to this particular sammy.  Eventually towards the end of each half everything fell out of the bread due to the bottom deteriorating into mush.  Luckily, I was eating at home so I had access to a roll of paper towels allowing me to pick up the slop and eat it like the savage I am.  The second step to a good Philly steak is the meat.  I believe they use a thin sliced rib eye in your typical Philly steak.  Hougan's meat looked like a couple notches above steak-ums and on its own it tasted pretty bland.  Lastly, the make-or-break moment for a good Philly steak, is that first taste of the cheese.  Mmmmmm cheese.  The cheese didn't stand out as sharp provolone that punches you in the face like it does in Philly but it was plentiful and melted well.  The other toppings were all up to par and I rather enjoyed the pizza sauce.  That sauce could probably pass for a pizza sauce in Philly.  All this being said I HOUSED the sammy and still enjoyed it despite its flaws.Secondly, let's talk service and decor.  Hougan's has a big menu on the wall with all of their offerings and you have to love places like this where they also have pictures of the menu items posted on the counter.  Sure, I might be the only weirdo who enjoys average printouts of random sammy's but so be it.  The rest of the inside is filled with pictures of patrons and NASCAR memorabilia.  Nothing too exciting or frightening in here, it looks like your average East Coast sub shop.  The woman who took my order was extremely sweet and very good at explaining every item on the menu (she makes the meatballs herself, the turkey is fresh sliced etc.) and she even threw in a free soda because it was my first time there.  Score.Overall, Hougan's was just OK for me.  The sammy was good but it fell well below the authentic Philly steak standards.  The service was lovely and Hougan's will def get another visit this week to see if it deserves another star on the board.
5	this shop is 100% fantastic!!! my friend and i made the trip out from the strip after she raved about the fresh turkey sub she'd had with her husband a year ago. besides some really roundabout directions, the trip was definitely worth the short drive out from the main strip! reasons to make your way out to this shop:-the turkey is roasted fresh every day and melts in your mouth!-during the time we were there, people from NY, Philly, California, and Texas came by, put the philly sandwich to the test, AND loved it!-Ruth is one of the sweetest people i met and makes you feel like you're family! Ruth, BEST 12 inches i've ever had!!! ;)
3	Sandwich was great and sufficiently filled my craving however I would have to agree with a previous reviewer that the bread of my philly cheese steak sandwich was not substantial enough to stand up to the fillings and was fairly mushed. I would give a 4 or even 5 star rating if it were not for the bread and several more things that really turn me off. There are a ton of handwritten signs on every available surface inside this establishment and pictures of people who have filled up their meal stamp cards (which as you could imagine is a LOT of people and a LOT of picture frames). The actual official menu on the back wall has marker on it where they've crossed out prices and items and written in new ones. I did not see any fountain machine or any options for fountain drinks, just a fridge with drinks in it. I know what it means to be shallow and judge a book by its cover rather than its content but in this case I have to judge the overall experience. While the service was good and the food was great, the cluttered. sloppy, interior and the lack of fountain drinks just beats me out. I didn't see the napkins anywhere either?? I can't see myself returning to this place unless I have an absolutely incredible craving for philly cheese steak again and then in that case I wouldn't stay. Something about marker writing directly on the menu and being surrounded by clutter just makes me very uncomfortable about eating. I've just never seen anyone operate like that.
5	Just good solid samiches here!!  Try the pastrami burger on French roll named after a local, the "Dalin burger" Or the tailgate with sawwsage n peppers! Delishhhh!!!! Can't go wrong here folks... Yummmm!
3	A-OK.I ordered a turkey sandwich and got a roast beef sandwich. I also ordered no mayo and got mayo.  It does appear to be a small family restaurant and my roast beef was ok but it just wasn't close to what I ordered. Threw the other 1/2 of the sandwich away.
5	Great food, really cool people, and plenty of neat stuff to look at in the shop while you eat. Loved it!
5	I'm not from Vegas, just travel there many times per year for gambling.  I usually don't even go off the strip or out of downtown depending on where I stay.  An unusual set of circumstances resulted in me ending up at Hougans in March of this year and I found the subs to be fantastic.  I personally get the chicken philly, and I have the bad habit of once I find something I really like, I just keep ordering the same thing instead of trying out the rest of the menu.  I've been back to Vegas three more times since then and have made the trek from my hotel to Hougans for lunch at least once each trip.  I did switch it up a little bit and had them put my chicken philly's guts on top of a salad instead of in bread this most recent time, that was just as great.  Maybe one day I'll order something else ha.
5	This is the real deal when it comes to service, subs, and salads. The Philly steaks are as close to perfection a you can find on the left coast.(She would even give the majority of sub shops back east a run for their money, trust me) The homemade potato salad is to die for,as well as the cole slaw. For you Thanksgiving lovers, they have a sub that might make Capriottis think twice. Thanks for making my lunches worthwhile, Hougans!
3	In a town of the mediocre sandwich, this is a good sandwich for vegas - but far from a great sandwich from SF, LA, Chicago or New York.  Don't get over hiped like I did reading reviews that give them 4-5 stars - I can only imagine, these reviewers have never had a really good sandwich.Bread is usually just ok - they almost always taste a bit too old and dry.  quality of meat and ingredients are good and service is ok.  I can't wait to find that great sandwich here in vegas...  until then, I'll keep dreaming
5	This sandwich shop has subway, capriotti/C grade, jimmy johns BEAT!!I just happened by this place because i was getting my tire fixed. Walked in and saw that they had a HUGE menu of different hot and cold sub sandwiches. I decided on the Hot Turkey sub, which is what I usually ordered from Capriottis. This sub was waaaaaay better. The stuffing was delish, gravy was tasty, and tons of turkey. I even asked for extra stuffing and she didn't charge me. The lady at the counter is very sweet and friendly. She also had her mom working there who was also nice. I found out at a latter date that the mom passed away. :(I have tried a couple of different sandwiches and I always get a great tasting sandwich. They also have a punch card for frequent buyers. which is great and sometimes they have specials like a free drink with a foot long. I just wish it was in a better location cause it is so off the beaten path that unless you are going to the tire shop or the auto parts store you wouldn't see the little shop. I suggest everyone take a taste test. This place is the BOMB!
3	This place is average at best.  The service was very friendly; however their isn't a whole lot of seating, the inside is pretty small.  They advertise as THE BEST PHILLY which is what I ordered.  I would say I have had better Philly's at atleast 4-5 other places. Not saying it wasn't good, just not "the best".  I also didn't like the fact that they didn't have any soda machines, you had to buy cans of soda.  Lastly, I thought the prices were bit high for what I got.  I spent $9.73 on a sandwhich and one can of soda.  That's not terrible pricing but with not enough meat on the sandwhich and only one can, (which lasted me part way through the food), it was a bit too much for me.
3	With all the hype around this place I expected more.  I am new to this area of the valley and was searching Yelp for good lunch spots on my lunch break.  A co-worker who has never been and I picked up sandwiches and brought them back to work for lunch.  He had chicken philly and I had steak philly, both fully loaded with all the goodies.  When you walk in you are lucky if you are greeted, I saw three people stand there seemingly lost until finally a voice yelled from the grill area.  The decor is gross, it needs a deep clean and update.  Get rid of all the handwritten photo menu items.  We ordered, waiting quite a while and finally got out sandwiches to go.Super excited to dive into our lunch as soon as we got back as we could smell how yummy we thought they would be and feel how hot and fresh they were.  BLAND, BLAND, BLAND, they tasted like nothing and the bread did not hold up to the insides, became all soggy.  Neither my co-worker or I finished our lunch, we both threw away half our sandwiches.
5	Great food and great staff.  Very friendly and a great atmosphere.  Go there everytime I'm in the area!!..
3	I got the philly cheese steak it was.good!!!  Not a fan of canned mushrooms tho!!!  I thought it was odd they used canned!!!  $9.50 for a sandwich not even a large was pricey!!!  Cute young girl working was nice!!!  Unlike the first time I went there the older lady was so busy given out free food to the model & people shooting a video or taken photos that she didnt even bother to acknowledge me!!!  So I came back months later to give it another try!!!
4	This sandwich shop reminds me a lot of Cappriotti's, but more fun and friendlier service.  The shop itself is cute, bright and cheery.  I think the person who took our order owns it, and she was super nice.  The very best thing about this place is their sandwiches.  I LOVE their chicken philly with friend onions and sweet peppers and melted provolone.  It is to die for. I was in a huge hurry this time so I had to eat mine kind of cold and in the car as I was rushing from one spot to another, and yet it was still delicious.  I actually can't wait to get home and eat the other half.The sandwiches are a tadbit expensive, but worth it if you are a lover of good sandwiches!
5	Wow Burt's Burt's Burt's! This was the best sandwich I've ever have! Burt's kills capriottis and all other competition!! Burt's subs make every other sub taste like D!
4	A project team member recommended we stop here for a cheesesteak before embarking on a long day of homework last Sunday. I have heard about it and read some reviews, but since I live in East Vegas, I didn't really want to drive so far across the valley for a cheesesteak. That being said, I have to say:-The service is great!  The woman and little girl running the place were super friendly!-My friend said she recognizes him and knows what he wants, all the time. That's how you run a business!-The double meat philly was a hot mess, and in a good way, freakin huge and oozing with molten cheese and TONS of steak, onions and mushrooms! And only TEN dollars for a DOUBLE meat 9' incher.-She made a mistake with my friends cheesesteak, as he is allergic to mushrooms, and she accidentally put them on. She was extremely apologetic, and made another one immediately!-She gave him a 10 dollar gift card with his new sub. Now that's how you treat your customers!-The other subs looked incredible, like a turkey/gravy/stuffing grinder, a massive reuben sub sandwich, and a Philly chicken parm steak sub.-I want to go there at least one more time before I move back to Florida in June because, even though I'm not a huge cheesesteak fan, I want to try the other sandwiches they offer, and they were absolutely great to us as customers.So Yelpers, I recommend giving Hougans a shot.  It's nothing fancy, but I don't go to sub shops for the ambiance, I go for the sandos! Youse unduhstand me? LOLI would give them 5 stars, but i've only been once, so they only get 4.Joe
5	Best sandwich shop ever! Hands down. The slick track is amazing. We always are welcome like family. This place is the best.
2	I came here on a recommendation from a friend. The place is clean, staff is very friendly.I guess i expected more.The sandwich was ok. Nothing to write home about. Sorry but I like Capriotti's much better...
4	Very good food.I spoke to the owners and they seem really nice, I love the care and effort they put into their business. The cheesesteaks are good. And they have a wide variety of TASTYKAKES!If you haven't tried them, you are in for a treat when you do!
5	Best Philly cheese steak in the world.. With the spicy peppers delicious.. Ruth also makes a fantastic meat ball marinara. She makes her own meat balls.. Hands down best FOOD... Brunch, lunch, or dinner Ruth got your sandwiches for any person to try.. My wife loves Ruth's cold Italian sandwich.. Go try it.......
5	This is a small sub place "hole in wall" but I'm glad it's hard to find, cause if everyone knew it would be crowded all the time. (More subs for me) anyway the owner is very hospitable always smiling, food fresh and hot never disappointing the place is always clean. My favorite is the 12 inch Philly double everything American cheese. The cheese sticky gooey all over your face sub the only reason I don't eat there more is my wife, "you've gotta watch your diet." Yeah, yeah whatever, so when she ain't home it's Hougan's time baby!
5	Oh my this place is excellent!!!!! 5 stars, 2 thumbs up!!!! The service was great, all the employes are kind and make actual conversation with you!!!! The owner is sweet, she makes you laugh and makes it like you are at home. I love this and will come back a lot!!!!!!
3	Family owned and friendly. I recommend the Italian, ask for the special cherry hot peppers. They make it special. I tried the Philly too, but didn't care for it. Stick with the cold cuts and you'll be good. They were out of turkey on our visit, it is roasted in house so that may be a winner too. Will have to try it next time.
4	One of the closest sub shops to the ones I'm used to back east.  The "slick track" is amazing.  Everything is fresh!Most places have that mass-produced feel to them, but this place is the real deal.  I tend to eat healthy and I may not go here THAT frequently, but when I have to scratch my sandwich itch, this is the place I go.
5	Great food and great service ! My favorite sandwhich shop in town, having lived back east , it reminded me of a good east coast sub shop , great Philly cheese steak and Italian sub
5	*** CLOSED ***   Their Silverado Ranch location is closed; lights off, signs taken down, phones dead.   We can hope they're moving elsewhere, but the lack of prior announcement doesn't bode well.
5	CLOSED!!!!It is close to work, so I went back had a hot ham and cheese it was quite good and the service was much better.  Tried to go back again last week and it's closed.  No sign, emptied out.
5	Great Philly's! I've had allot of Philly cheesesteaks and I've never been so addicted to one like the ones here! Ruth will make it however you. I wanted to change it up one day so I told her to add BBQ sauce while she cooked it. Oh man that was freaking amazing! A BBQ Philly! Plus for a few bucks she will give you a side of stuffing and gravy! It's home made and the best thing is it is all year long! My girlfriend gets the Italian every time and I swear it is the fattest Italian sandwich I've seen come out of any sandwich shop I've been to. This is a must try place!
