4	I just love Sam Fox and all of his foodie goodness! True Food Kitchen, the latest to come from Fox Restaurant Concepts and Dr. Andrew Well of the Oprah fame, certainly lives up (and possibly surpasses) the fame of it's sister restaurants. The menu consists of all Natural/ organic foods with a healthy twist. The servers are even wearing "natural clothes" that actually look like pajamas! I ate quick and wish I had time to really dive into the menu, but what I had... I loved! My boyfriend had the Ahi Tuna burger and said "it was the best ahi burger he has ever had" (BOLD STATEMENT). I had the Turkey Spaghetti Bolognese, which was amazing! The bolognese had chucks of carrots and other vegetables, and the portion size was perfect. We definitely wanted to try the Sashimi appetizer, that the table next to us said was delicious and fresh. Overall, the service was excellent- they really were interested in if we enjoyed our experience and had any comments for the new serving team. I loved the menu, it was so different and not outrageously priced. It's clear that a lot of research went in to everything from the decor to the wine selection. I'm looking forward to getting into the menu a bit more next time!!
5	I was estatic  to try this place out. A new organic/vegetarin/vegan/ HEALTHY restaurant in Phoenix is this girls dream come true! First of all, I loved the decor and ambiance. Put wheat grass plants in any restaurant and I love it! I had the harvest salad to start and I must say I want to go back every day just for this. Goat cheese, apples, walnuts, butternut squash and pomegrant-lious! I had the teriayki tofu for my main course. I wasn't as impressed. Teriyaki sauce is not my favorite but I was really craving the tofu, which was good tofu. You can actually substitute tofu for the meat in alot of the dishes, so I really liked that.The drinks are definitely not the focal point of this place, as I did not care for the rye vodka they had (their only vodka). I will definitely be back again and again....
4	Came here Friday night for dinner with friends.  We had tried to make a reservation but they only allow reservations for 7 or more so since we were a party of five we decided to take our chances.  Our wait only ended up being about a 1/2 hour maybe more... that flew by as we were ordering drinks and talking amongst ourselves.  I chose the organic honey lemonade with a shot of their organic Square One vodka... very tasty:).  Others had the pomegranate sparkler and the Medicine Man with a shot of organic vodka.  The medicine man had Olivello Juice, Pomegranate Juice, Cranberry Juice, Black Tea, Soda Water& Muddled blueberries... I tasted this one and it was also very yummy.  The restaurant is very open, not very intimate but still very cool... they also have a nice patio which is were we were sat.  For apps we had the Edamame Dumplings and the Crudites... they both were really good but my favorite was the dumplings.  For dinner I had the Butternut Squash Ravioli with Mushrooms, Savoy Cabbage & Pistachios... it was 3 large ravioli's with a very tasty sauce.  It was a little sweet so if you don't like sweet entrees this might not be for you.  Michael had the Ahi Sliders which he said were really good.  Others had the Miso Glazed Black Cod and the Turkey Bolognese.  I tried both of these and I must say that I cannot wait to come back and try other items on their menu.  I think the best part is this place is not expensive at all!  We had cocktails, appetizers and entrees and it was about $30 per person... that includes the tip.  Not bad!
2	Maybe it's just me, but I was really surprised to see the accolades from other Yelpers about True Food.  I have been waiting for this restaurant to open as I am a huge Andrew Weil fan and love the Sam Fox restaurants in Scottsdale.  The menu is terrific, the service was great, the ambiance was unique (the prep tables and kitchen are both in the dining room), but the food was a huge disappointment.  My husband and I sat on the patio at a corner table which was delightful.  Our server, Christina, was a amazing, but that only earned the place two stars.  My disappointment began with the water which tasted salty and like dishwater (not that I've ever tasted dishwater, but this is what I would imagine the taste to be).  Next was the hummus, which tasted, salty.  My husband ordered the salmon which, you guessed it, tasted salty.  I, on the other hand did enjoy the butternut squash ravioli.  For dessert, we had the flourless chocolate cake which would have been so much better if it had been heated and if the ice-cream with which it was served had the remote taste and texture of ice-cream.  To the credit of management, we were refunded price of the hummus and salmon.  When we left the restaurant, I looked deep into my husband's eyes and whispered softly, I don't think we'll be back here for dinner again.
5	Crazy night I had trying to figure out how to spend my Fox Restaurant $25 gift card. I wanted to go to Blanco, but it was packed and I didn't want to wait. Olive and Ivy was the same story, so I decided to head back into the city almost forgetting True Food. I was the only one at the bar, and the bartender was extremely friendly and helpful. Didn't hurt that she was gorgeous as well, but that is besides the point completely. The whole restaurant is distinctively Sam Fox with the raw woods, bright colors, and really unique lighting. I hit the bathroom right away and that was the coolest part of the restaurant (I'm a sucker for neat-o bathrooms since I'm working on a remodel of mine) with the water-free urinal and Dyson Airblade hand dryers. I'd never seen those things before, and I must say they are the first air dryer that I have ever found to be worth a crap. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Sliders, which were unbelievably delicious, and at $13, not a bank breaker. They came with a Sweet Potato Hash that was great as well. The Hummus was also phenomenal, and probably the best I've had in quite some time. The menu featured plenty of organic, vegan, and and vegetarian offerings as well as some boutique wines. I never knew there was a type of wine that was both organic and sustainable using recycled products. There was a lot of thought that went into the menu here and I think they should be applauded for it.The restaurant is instantly one of my favorites, from the list of $20 bottles of wine, to the awesome food, to the neat-o restrooms and the spot on service. Everything about the place screamed greatness. $31 for 2 beers, an appetizer, and an entree is very reasonable in my book, especially considering the quality. If you're looking for a big filling greasy meal, skip true food. If what you want is a healthy, delicious meal that won't leave you feeling like a fat grease-ball, eat here and be happy you just found your new favorite Biltmore restaurant.
4	Kudos to Sam Fox and Dr Andrew Weil for their new partnership and restaurant concept - I love it!  Seriously, I could eat at TFK every day and be happy...I've been twice for dinner so far, and both times I've sat outside.  Both times I've had great service with Damon as my waiter and the rest of the staff extremely attentive and friendly as well.  (Drinks are constantly filled, dishes cleared in a timely manner, and even the space heaters outside turned on to our liking).  Along with the healthy gourmet menu which I love, the vibe in the restaurant is energetic and fun.During my two visits, I've sampled the following appetizers:  edamame dumplings, shrimp dumplings, and veggie crudites with dip.  I ordered the miso glazed black cod as my entree both visits - (it's served with the perfect miso sauce, tasty mushrooms and bok choy... it's fantastic and each bite of the perfectly grilled fish melts in your mouth).  I've also tasted the turkey bolognese and the butternut squash ravioli.  Desserts I can speak of include the lemon ginger frozen yogurt dessert (served with pomegranate) and although I haven't personally tasted it, I've watched others at my table devour the apple crumble cake. There's nothing I tasted so far that I didn't like and there are so many more items on the menu that I want to try!I hope to go for lunch one day soon as well.  Prices are reasonable and because everything is so healthy, you'll actually feel good after eating at TFK.A couple of suggestions for TFK:1 - take reservations for smaller parties!  Luckily, I haven't had to wait more than a half hour during my visits, but it would be nice if you would take a reservation for a smaller party...2 - make your bar bigger!  There are not enough seats to have those waiting enjoy your delicious drinks!Thanks for two healthy, delicious, and fun meals so far, TFK - and cheers to many more to come!
1	We walked by True Food Kitchen a week before opening and it looked promising. We decided to try it one night after hitting the gym thinking it would be a healthy way to follow our workout. We also like most of the other restaurants in the Fox  Restaurant group and thought we couldn't go wrong.The restaurant was crowded but there was no wait for patio seating when we arrived. Our waitress did a very poor job explaining the menu. The Sandwiches come with a choice of sweet potato hash or a side salad. The only way we knew this was overhearing a conversion at the table next to us. The Ahi sliders no longer come on pumpernickel bread but on Hawaiian roles and there is no way to know this as the menu still says pumpernickel. I decided to order the Grilled Wild Salmon sandwich with a side of sweet potato's. My fiancee ordered the Wild Ahi Sliders. During the wait for my meal the waitress said that my lemonade came with one free refil (also not listed on the menu). The food arrived and I was served the Grilled Salmon with Roasted Organic Vegetables off the Pastas & Entrees menu and not the sandwich that I ordered. A plate of cold cubed sweet potato's accompanied the entree. I immediately told the waitress that I ordered the sandwich and she argued with me that I ordered the entree. She finally relented and took the item back but left the cold sweet potatos. My fiancee's sliders were ok but were rather tasteless and lacked the wasabi advertised on the menu. Ten minutes later my open faced sandwich arrived and on the same plate were more of the cold sweet potatos. The salmon was overcooked and dry. The avocado wasn't ripe and almost crunchy. The potatos were tasteless, dry, and cold. When the bill came the waitress apologized for the error and said the two salmon dishes are causing a lot of ordering errors. She said she gets yelled at for the errors which explains why she initially insisted that I ordered the entree. She didn't charge for the sandwich but I did get charged $6 for the cold potato's when the menu lists them as $5. I figured she was having a rough night and just paid the bill. This restaurant is really not up to the Fox Restaurant standards. The menu is riddled with inconsistencies and the food is bland and tasteless. We looked at the food on other patrons table and the other menu items didn't look any better. This place would probably do better as a lunch place if they lowered their prices. In the mean time, save your money and head to Bloom, Sauce, Olive & Ivy, or any of the other Fox Restaurants.
3	This place is very hit or miss. I like the food and love the concept (it's dr. andrew weil! he has an awesome beard! and makes healthy food! and stuff for origins!), but some of the portions are woefully small for the price. I have tried the flat breads, salads and wraps, and all have been healthy, tasty and super fresh. Also a great place if you are dining with someone who is vegetarian, vegan and/or gluten free as everything is clearly labeled. and, the lemonade with honey sounds weird, but it is really, really yummy. tart and sweet in a totally different sort of way. Also, the decor is very interesting. It all appears to be sustainable/eco friendly and the herbs and edible grasses growing all around are appealing and really bring home the fresh, natural, healthy vibe. Hopefully this concept will catch on...
4	Well.... only the 11th review???? Even though this is a new place I'm a little shocked!  I'm always the last one to hear about the new "cool" places and I guess I got a jump start on this one!True Food is soooo NYC chic to me and the food is great - and healthy!  Our entire sales staff went and we're a picky bunch.  Some how we all found something we enjoyed!  I have the steak tacos which were awesome!  I also had the Green Arnie, which carries a much prettier name than taste.  I was expecting green tea and lemonade, but I got it with a grainy mix I wasn't too fond of!I would totally give thsi place 5 stars, but I'm a drinking gal and all they had was wine and organic vodka. ehhh..... I enjoy eating healthy, but organic vodka doesn't cut it for me.  But to each his or her own.....
3	Another tough one that will require revisiting and re-scoring in a few to several months, if things change. Had a few visits so far, with generally good but mixed results.THE CONCEPT - 4 StarsI'm no Weil disciple who drops to their knees and goes all agape for his every utterance. But I think he is the perfect partner for a Fox concept, as long as the fresh, fresh, fresh motto is adhered to over the long term. I like some of the Fox places (okay one, Greene House) and it's the same chef that opened True Food.My Dad was recently diagnosed with Seliac Disease and seeing more and more restaurants acknowledge that dietary restriction on gluten is important to a growing segment of people is refreshing. The menu makes it easy to distinguish between various dietary regimens and other considerations, in both food and drink. I eat anything, but it sure makes it easier to eat with those who are justifiably (and sometimes unjustifiably) conscious of what they put in their bodies.Everything from the mixed drinks to the food items seems to be VERY fresh, or at least sourced very well.THE SPACE - 4 StarsSimple, modern, open California kitchen appeal. I like how they raised the ceiling of the old Coffee Plantation shithole. The mural wall and the over-sized lamps are fun. Open kitchens are always a little more fun and give you something to talk about if your date is lacking in conversational acumen.THE EXECUTION (for now) - 3 StarsServiceThey're trying. Things still seem jittery with some of the servers. Have seen a lot of food go to the wrong tables and places. I'm sure they'll work through that. Everyone is friendly, but not necessarily knowledgable about the food. Sure they've memorized the spiel, but these aren't foodie servers. They're young, friendly folks working at a hip spot.FoodHave tried several things that were tasty and fresh, if not particularly interesting. They just kind of show you that you can eat stuff that is relatively healthy and not have it taste like nothing. A few things so far have shined: the spelt pizzas have a unique, chewy crust and nice toppings. The Kale Salad is unique and delicious. Nice textures. The Shrimp Dumplings are nice, but make you yearn to eat real chinese, or make your own like you like 'em. Steak Tacos are of the Fresh Mex variety but have a great char.On the downside...I had the Turkey Bolognese Penne. To me, there is never an excuse for overcooked pasta. If you cook it, and it's overdone, throw it away and cook it again. Check your pasta, it's the heart of the dish. I neglected to order "al dente" because so many places give you that look like "But of course, signore!" And you shouldn't have to ask for pasta to be done that way. That's the only way it should be done, unless you're eating Spaghettios. As for the sauce, it tasted like diced San Marzano's which is great! But if you use the canned San Marzano's omit the little pieces with the unchewable stem base. Cut that part out or pitch the piece. I added shrimp to the dish at the server's suggestions, despite my past history of NOT combining shrimp and turkey. Call me crazy, but that's just not a combo I yearn for. Would have been fine though, except that the shrimp were completely undercooked. I eat shrimp raw, when I intend to, but that clear uncooked shrimp is not the texture you want in a cooked dish. At sashimi/sushi, yes. Pasta, no. Seems to happen a lot though. And no discernible seasoning or flavor to them either.My wife's salmon was largely flavorless, and very rare. Fine for us as we love raw salmon. But at a certain point, she just would have preferred sashimi and the accompanying soy sauce. I'm sure the amount or rareness would have been a problem for many diners. Especially when combined with almost no salt. On that note, the fresh fish crudo of the day was a nice hamachi with an excellent yuzu/miso (? - that's what it tasted like) sauce. BOTTOM LINE - 3 Stars for nowI could see this going either way in the future, but if they stay fresh and improve on the execution, it's a no-brainer that they will end up a 4 star. I don't think they'll ever hit 5 stars, just because their commitment to the healthy stuff and a very broad appeal will keep them from really being able to push it from a culinary standpoint.
3	This is not a restaurant that I would frequent  often.  While I thought the food was good, the menu is very limiting for me.  I am much more of a meat and potato kind of guy.We started out with appetizers which were all good.  For the main course, I had the only meat dish on the menu, The beef tacos.  They were very good.  The beans that came with them were outstanding.My biggest complaint about true is that they do not offer equal/sweet-n-low for your coffee or tee.  They have natural sweetener which is not sweet.The service was ok, not great.  Finally, if you are a vegetarian and into organic food, this is your place.
5	I've been here 5 times and "take away" 3 times since their opening and have had great "clean, organic, healthy" food each time.  Love it and it makes you feel so good.  Great decor, I practice the diet philosophy and really appreciate the extra hard work that goes into the prep.  The salmon, wild Alaska sockeye, sustainably harvested--thank you.  More US restaurants need to buy wild Alaskan fish. The salmon was as good as my Alaska summer salmon eating experience at Cafe Orca.    Not overcooked--thank you again.  The black cod is fabulous, paired nicely with a sake.  The salmon came with a delicious kale salad, simply flavored with ?pecorino? cheese, evoo and lemon--wonderful and great for my health concerns.  Have had all the appetizers and each is great in its own right and you really can't loose.  Now I just have to get beyond the fish and try some of the other entree's.  I like that they don't offer any chemicals and feature organics and take away is dished up in biodegradable packaging.  Service is efficient, friendly and unpretentious.  Only one fault, once, the hostesses were too busy with their personal conversation to say good bye--no biggie, since I go for the food which you can't get anywhere else.  Price is good considering the extra expense they incur for procuring higher quality ingredients and the extra cost of food prep requiring more labor.  A good choice for lifestyle conscious dining, so take that really fussy, eccentric, quirky friend that is never pleased and watch the smile return to their critical face.  Worth every penny!  One itty bitty suggestion for Sam and Andrew--Alaskan Oysters on the half shell!  I'll be back--soon!
3	I always love going to hippy-dippy places that use organic ingredients and choose to fry free range animals.  (If you grew up in Boulder, Colorado, you might likely feel similarly.)  This is essentially the story behind True Food, though I don't believe anything is fried, per se.  Quite a few people at about 6 p.m. on a Sunday evening -- waited 20 minutes.  Ate the green tea soba noodles, quite satisfactory; my mom had the turkey burger and sweet potato hash, which she liked, while my aunt had a wild shrimp, onion and goat cheese pizza which apparently was okay.  Couple notes: the tables in the restaurant are situated quite closely together, which makes it prone to traffic jams (however I did see one guest in a wheelchair navigate relatively easily), and the space is a bit loud and according to my mother, "the chairs don't accommodate one with an ample behind very well."  Oh Mom, that's the media telling you your behind is ample.  But perhaps places like this restaurant are trying to combat that.True Food was pretty alright -- I loved that the hostess' station was covered in fake grass.
3	I have to say that I am underwhelmed.  First - the good.  I went with a group of 7 and we were able to sit in the private room in the back.  It was great to have the noise of the restaurant shut out and we loved the room's decor.Second - the bad.  OK, it wasn't that anything was bad, it was all just sort of fine.  It tasted like dinner you would have at someone's house.  It was all more than edible, some things very different, but a little blander or a little less fantastic than i expect from a restaurant.  The chopped salad and onion tart with figs were both good, but anyone can do a chopped salad.  I thought the shrimp dumplings were just OK and the kale salad was underdressed and basically just tasted like you were eating raw kale.  The butternut squash ravioli were too sweet and the sauce was a little flavorless.  For desert, the chocolate cake was good but I've had better and while the bananas on the banana chocolate tart were good, the tart itself was like a stale piece of pita.  One highlight was the beans that came with the steak tacos - they were very flavorful and tasty.My final thought is that to serve good, honest, healthy, sustainable food doesn't mean you have to be quite so crunchy.  I think some in our party were turned off by the granola-feel of the menu.  It would be great to see a few more common dishes done in a healthy way and prove that healthy doesn't have to mean low-flavor.
2	Well, here it is...my first review. The Good: Incredibly friendly staff. Everyone from the hostess to the bartender were great! Wish they hired people like them everywhere. The Bad: The reason that I know they are all so nice was that it took at least 45 minutes to be seated. Allowing enough time to meet everyone who has even thought about applying there. The Good: The food was good as well as being fairly healthy. The Bad: No matter how many ways it can be prepared, Kale(sp?) is never going to be a part of my diet. Overall, If you don't mind waiting for trendy Cafeteria's with better food then your old high school, this is the place for you!! Very much the place to be right now. I'm happy I went and it wasn't bad for one dinner but won't be going back anytime soon. I am however, officially convinced that the restaurant is better then this review....
3	A friend of mine wanted to go for lunch this past weekend.  He suggested since it is the New Year and we are looking to eat on the healthier side, that we try this new restaurant called True Food Kitchen.  We arrived and at first glance I thought, this place is pretty cool.  It's located where the old Coffee Plantation used to be in the Biltmore Fashion Park.  It's over-sized dramatic lights and open "Cafeteria style" seating with a hip twist was interesting to me.   Bringing the kitchen to the middle of the dinning room was certainly a new concept.  They had food prep and pasta making in the middle of the room.  Not sure how well that goes over with the Health Department, but it certainly was innovative.  We were seated and immediately approached by our waitress who was very nice and helpful.  She took our drink order (oh no soda by the way) and returned to take orders. We both decided on salads. I went with the Harvest Chopped Salad, Butternut Squash, Apples, Walnuts, Goat Cheese & Balsamic Vinaigrette.   Meanwhile I saw the table next to us was served soup, and that sounded good, so I asked the waitress to add the Miso soup.   After all was delivered it was honestly very delicious!  The Goat Cheese was SO creamy and with the tangy vinaigrette and other added items in the salad it was such a good meal!  Now for the bad news...I guess it depends on the person but I thought for the portion sizes, It was a little pricey.  At first a $10 salad didn't seem like a big deal to me based on my experience on salads at other establishments, but honestly this was more like the size of a side salad.  I know the ingredients are "Organic" and "Fresh" but where do we draw lines?  Mind you, I am not complaining about the portion size, because I agree we as Americans over-eat, however the comparability to the price was off.  I don't think I am a cheap, but I just question why we pay more for food that is healthy?  This never really made sense to me.  Just some "Food for thought".
3	Hosts were very friendly and sat us on the patio. It was honestly ten minutes before anyone came by, and the my girlfriend had to grab them to get some attention. The we had hummus, ahi sliders , and an curry chicken dish. They were all really good. Server was extremely knowledgeable but a bit annoying. Might give it another shot.
4	"No, they're not fried... they're Wok'd" (picture it.....the original Hairspray movie....this was said to me with the same inflection and tone of  Tracy Turblad when speaking to her Geometry Teacher about her hair.. "Its feathered....not ratted")True Food is a better choice for other people. I finally was able to eat here... as most everyone I know has already been here and raved.  Why?  That.. I'm not sure about. The place has warm inviting "butter" tones with wood accents that all come together to create this bright and spacious restaurant.  It features an "exposition" style kitchen with basic comfortable seating.  The first thing I noticed was the STAFF! ... so many..... so available... so...so... Visible.  There was no place for the staff to hide and compare notes on bad tippers or to avoid refilling your water.  Quickly looking around the place, I counted 14 servers, a few bartenders and a few bus/host persons... all to serve about 60 of us that were in for an early dinner (6:30).  The restaurant, when full, seats 120. The staff moved about the place like a dance troupe (yes.. in all sense of the word) , all young , fresh , energy infused servers..Smiling, helping each other out.. it was kinda sickening to see such a large group get along so well... I'm thinking that antidepressants are served with the employee meals.  I noticed a great perk in the refreshments menu, you can add a shot of organic vodka to any of the natural drinks for a $3.00 up charge!  See mom... you were totally wrong.. Drinking CAN be healthy!!We started our meals with the Shrimp Dumplings and the herb hummus.  When I asked if the dumplings were steamed or pan fried our waiter replied "No, they're not fried... they're Wok'd"... silly me and all this time I thought a wok was a pan.  The plump wok'd dumplings were very good, served in a mild mushroom broth with cilantro and scallions  ($10) the creamy hummus was delicious with fresh pita ($8).  The "salad" in the menu's description was basically just a small bit of salad place on top of the 2/3c portion of hummus.Impressed by the apps were really looking forward to the entrees.  Being pressured to choose an entree, I opted for the steak tacos ($14) (What the hell was I thinking? ), my friends ordered the butternut squash ravioli with mushrooms ($13)  and also the natural pan roasted chicken ($18).  2 losers 1 winner arrived...I shouldn't say losers... because, they were ok... just not equal.   The steak tacos were just that... YAWN... I blame myself for not taking the time to review the menu.  2 large steak tacos with a large side of yummy, spicy Anasazi beans.. if I closed my eyes and tasted the tacos, I don't think I could tell if I were at Baja Fresh or True Food... Honestly.. Order the chicken.The Squash Ravioli were very good, but it was agreed by all that the sweetness of the filling did not pair very well with the scrumptious (yes... scrumptious)  mushroom sauce.  What a shame, the sauce over simple pasta would have fared better in our eyes.The star of the night, or shall I said DIVA... was the chicken... OH MY GOD.. who would have guessed a boneless, free range chicken would be soooooooooo delicious.  The chicken was pan fried to perfection (skin on to retain moisture) with a light savory seasoning, served over farro (a new whole grain for me).  THIS WAS THE MOST DELIOUS CHICKEN I HAVE EVER EATEN..so very juicy, the flavors so subtle ,  I was pissed the server did not steer me in that direction.   We all ended up eating the chicken since we were all impressed by it.  I hear that the Kale salad paired with the pan roasted chicken is the meal of the gods.  All in all we enjoyed our time there.. but not over the top impressed... I can tell you we will never order the ravioli or tacos again.. but the kale salad and the chicken...that's a different story.  I hear from the manager that the restaurant will be getting tons of attention from both local and nationwide media, so this concept might become the next healthy Chili's.When leaving the restaurant we noticed a "protected" private dining area in the back of the place... may want to inquire if you're with a larger group.
4	As soon as you sit down - you can only help but feel healthy.They get a big thumbs up for interior decor and A+ on the service - very attentive from the door welcome to the check.I am trying to low-carb these days (post holiday!) so I ventured straight to the salad section - although I did notice the pizzas, sandwiches and lighter fare on the menu. I will definitely be back to try other menu items.I can only say that Fox Restaurants can never steer me in the wrong direction it seems - CHEERS!
4	True Food was the most recent of my new lunch spots to try.  Very cool environment inside with kind of the "green" concept.  Everything, or atleast I think everything, is locally grown, organic type food.  You kinda have a healthy feeling in there.  I ordered the Sashimi Tuna salad which was fantastic.  They are very generous on the tuna as you get some with every bite until the end.  It is also filled with cucumbers, edamames, tomato, avacado, and ginger dressing.  I'm not sure if it was healthy but it felt healthy for some reason.   The staff was very friendly and the decor is pretty neat.  Its a very open space and I think they even have some community seating in the front.  I happen to sit at the bar where you could watch them make fresh "Natural Refreshments" as they call them.  As nice as everyone was they do have some kinks to work out as all new establishments do.  I ordered a hot green tea and the server was very excited to take my order.  About 3 minutes later she came back and said she didnt forget about the tea she was just waiting on a tea pot?  I was a lil confused?  Did they not order enough tea pots when they opened?  Couldnt she just make it and put it in some other glass?  I mean tea is just a tea bag and some hot water right?  I didnt suggest these ideas to her so i just patiently waited.  About 20 minutes later after i had finished my salad I said "Do you have the tea?" She was still waiting for a tea pot and replied with a smile, "I didn't forget about you Im still waiting for the tea pots.  They are going through storage in the back and getting some cleaned up for you."  I thought to myself, "okkkk".  In the end, I did get my green tea.  However, I never got it in the pot.  She put it in a to go cup for me in which the lid didnt really fit.  Why she didnt do that to begin with so i could enjoy the tea with my meal was beyond me.  HAAA!!Bottom line- Good food!  Everything i saw go by smelled and looked very good.  Just ask if they have tea pots BEFORE you order your hot tea.  Cool decor!  Oh! and definitly go to the bathroom.  Cool waterless urinals which they tell you saves 40,000 gallons of water a year and cool powerful eco-friendly hand dryers!
3	Ok first off, with the demise of Soma and the fact that Green is in Tempe.....this place is a welcome sight, and I know I'll be back. The food is excellent. However I feel that Dr Weil has has has the wool pulled over his eyes by Mr. Fox. Come one "Anazazi Beans" and a drink called the "Medicine Man"? Really- as an American Indian rights advocate you'd think we'd be past this. Actually, you'd think educated white men with lots of money would be past this --but ya know. Just because Anazazi really refers to Ancestral Pueblo people who lived mainly in NM and N. AZ and means "ancient enemy" in Navajo so that term isn't used by nearly ANYONE anymore...means that you probaby shouldn't call your dish by that name. Other than that- I give em props for trying.I recently had another experience there where EVERYTHING was going wrong that night, and the staff recovered....kinda. My advice, shape up if ya wanna last.
4	This may be my new favorite!! Everything is trans fat free 100%. The wait was pretty crazy but it was worth it. The whole feel of the place is really cool. I always want to eat healthy but not cook, never can I get both. Lots of places claim to be healthy but after several probing questions I usually find a few things that are tainted with trans fat and high fructose corn syrup. Not here though!!! Being a lesbian I have a lot of vegan/vegetarian friends. (I guess lesbians really don't like meat) They always want to go out but I find that most vegan/vegetarian places have less than good food. They almost always seem like the kitchen would be all dirty. I cant wait to take my non meat eating friends here. Here's what I got The butternut squash ravioli = awesome! The dough is made I think like gluten free or something, which isn't a selling point for me but it was very good. Usually the gluten free noodles are sick, I actually really liked the texture and taste. Its in a yogurt honey sauce, to me sounded a little gross. My gf ordered it but it was delicious, it was the perfect sweetness. It was served hot which I thought it may be cold I guess because of the yogurt factor. I ordered the root veggies. I did really like it but I thought they flavor could have been a little more herby. It wasn't bland but I think the flavor for sure could have been kicked up a notch. The Farro that came with it, was super good. I wish there was more of it especially for 15 bucks. The bathroom was weird, it was really small. The door was thin sheet metal and so was he lock. When you lock the stall it makes the most awefal screechy metal nose. The soap was actually a natural soap which was nice but not antibacterial. Ok, they habd the coolest hand dryer, I mean this thing is bad ass. You put your hands in it like a car wash dryer. I dont know how to describe it but make sure you check that bitch out :)
4	My visit to True Food was lovely.  As I approached the entrance one of the employees was picking fresh basil from the front herb-garden-flower-box thing, and as my friends and I entered I saw the open kitchen area where people were cutting up fresh carrots and other veggies.  The feeling of freshness was all around me with the hustle and bustle of the open kitchen, the easy, breezy, yoga-like attire of the staff, the high ceilings and the open windows.  Our waiter explained the restaurant concept and told us about the menu as well as Dr. Weil's philosophy for food and health. I decided to try their specialty drink, the cucumber refresher, out of curiosity.  It was a cool refreshing glass of cucumber and honey lemonade.  My friends and I decided to share the hummus as an appetizer.  The hummus was delicious, although I would not dare to compare it to any authentic hummus/ pita plates.  The amount of pita served with it was a bit insufficient for the amount of hummus.  However, there was no problem getting more pita, the waiter graciously brought us more for no additional charge. For my lunch entree, I ordered the sashimi tuna salad with avocado, cucumber, tomato, edamame & ginger, which I thoroughly enjoyed.  It was very light and fresh, as it sounds like it should be:)  The flavor of the ginger complemented the salad perfectly and the dressing did not over power the other flavors and textures.  My friends both seemed to enjoy their meals as well.  I left feeling good and ready to return soon.  And return soon I did, this time with my boyfriend in tow.  He eats a low glucose index diet and I was excited to take him to True Food because the food seemed so clean.  When we arrived this time the service was very similar to my first experience but as we spoke with the waiter and my boyfriend explained the low G.I. diet, the waiter seemed unfamiliar with this concept.  We asked him for some recommendations and he suggested the harvest chopped salad for him.  I ordered the wild ahi sliders with wasabi, radishes, cucumber on pumpernickel.  The sliders were fabulous!  They were flavorful, perfectly seasoned with the wasabi, and seared to near perfection.  My boyfriend's salad on the other hand, was less satisfactory.  For one, the waiter didn't really understand the low glucose diet when he recommended the salad, which was a lot like a Waldorf salad, containing sugary fruits and such.  Secondly, the salad was soaked with dressing, unlike the perfectly balanced sashimi salad that I had enjoyed there a week or so before.  The salad was so wet that the greens were lost in there!  I was very sad because I had such high hopes for his first True Food experience.  I would still recommend True Food because overall my experience was good, but perhaps next time we will order our salads with the dressing on the side......eeep!
4	I'm giving it 4 stars to start...they will have to work for he fifth star but they will get it. Sam Fox borders on "genius" and True Food is another masterful creation. The look...it's brash, fresh and it erased 5 years off my age. The vibe....well knows how to get the buzz in the community. Bathrooms....well he takes attention to detail about as far as you can take it at this point. By the way, True Food looks like it defies the recession and rightfully so. Positive Vibe. Kudos to you Sam.Oh yes, the food. Well, it's a "healthy" offering, so I thought...could taste like so much of healthy food, bland, boring and I usually have to go to Jack in the Box and order 2 tacos to feel full. This is NOT case. I had the Turkey Burger. It was downright astonishingly flavorful and filling. The turkey was zestful and spicy. I was pleasantly surprised. Add to that, the side salad with Tuscan Kale....like a first kiss. Anyway, will be there for dinner this week and the fifth star is probably earned on that trip. Again, Sam....you had me at "hello".
5	I loved it so much on a visit back to AZ for the week I dined 3 times...Every person that went with me enjoyed it's delectable fare.. Even the Midwest steak eaters & teenage boys...I think that says a lot...Every-time here  we ordered many things off the menu and shared... So many things I fell in love with on the menu...The Kale salad, and pizzas, green tea soba noodles, and the PITA (trying to figure out the recipe)... the raw fish of the day... of course the juices... everyone was ambrosial, yes I tried them all!All was prepared so delicately and with much culinary care. This is the type of place you go when you want to eat healthy, and still feel it is gourmet, or you are trying to turn someone on to eating healthier...Or you have mixed eaters, picky, vegan, veg, no wheat etc.Once again Sam Fox & his team are brilliant. I was told it took 1.5 years to plan this place... there was so much that could not (would not) be compromised...I was rather impressed that they paid for the full liquor license only to cary one organic rum and vodka...They are taking a huge money loss by sticking to the philosophy... Also with the demand that everything be fresh, the food cost must be frightening... I hope people give this a try... it is the most delicious well done foodie health food I have ever had... and I dine around. yum... I miss it already.
3	It was better the 2nd time I went.  The kale salad is awesome as was the raw fish of the day.  The curry chicken was not "curried" enough for me.  I equate "curry" with "spicy" and was greatly let down.  The kicker was when I ordered a Maker's with a splash of soda and was told that they only carry two liquors, rum and vodka--both organic....  Seriously?  It's booze.  Organic or not, it ain't good for ya!  While there was nothing terribly wrong with the place (oh wait...  that booze thing...), I probably won't be returning.  I'm just not into that whole organic/sustainable thing..
3	I oh so wanted to love, love, love this restaurant and am rather disappointed.  Drinks are real stupid and overpriced, service was slow, really slow, taking forever just to get water, in fact had to ask 3 times to have it brought to us. It was a quiet slow day at True Food so being busy was not an excuse for the bad service. The kale salad was great, the side dish of beans that came with the tacos, tasty, the pizza - very average.  I might go back to give the place a second chance and to enjoy the healthy and wonderful kale salad.
1	I won't go back to this restaurant.  The food literally made me ill.It is clean, the decor is good, and the service can't be faulted.  However, I spent all night in the bathroom losing the meal I had there.  How do I know their food caused it? I had a bowl of cereal that morning.  What I lost that was undigested was my meal from True Food's, a clear sign of food poisoning.  I had the teryaki tofu.  My neighbor had salmon and was fine.I plan to call them tomorrow and notify them of what happened.  My general opinion of the place if I hadn't become ill.  It is a trendy place with an interesting menu. The service was good-I had no complaints.   It was clean and the deco handsome and low key.  I found it  disconcerting that neither of us could easily read the menu due to the dim lights.  I noticed the gentleman at the next table tipping his menu to catch more light while he was trying to read it.  How long it will stay a gathering place for the for the more socially inclined, I question.   Both of us thought for the most part the items on the menu were overpriced.  The restaurant is located at the Biltmore  so I expected the prices to be at least a bit high anyway and they were.   We did have to get a steak knife for my friend to be able to cut the bread her salmon was on. The restrooms were interesting with unique dryers that actually did a complete job of drying the hands.Added 1/29-I decided to email Sam Fox instead of calling.  No reply as yet.2/2-It is now the day after the Super Bowl and still no response.   That tells me something about the owner, Sam Fox, and his attitude. When I sent him a compliment on another of his restaurants, I got almost an immediate response.  Not this time!  5/27/09-never heard back.  Negative one star for this one.
3	This is not my type of restaurant; one that touts a medically proven diet and has a funky new decor. I was afraid this was a big box restaurant and I'm still not sure that it isn't. The drink I got was very good, a cucumber lemonade that wasn't too sweet. The turkey burger was OK, not much flavor, but the sweet potato hash was really tasty. I had a bite of my friend's kale salad which surprisingly masked the bitter taste of kale. The price was what I expected, but I would be reluctant to return in the near future.
3	Three stars means A-OK, and that's exactly what this was.  Ambiance and service were spot on, as were menu choices.  But the food, for me, just didn't deliver.  Began with the carmelized onion tart and the hummus.  Both were good --and both made interesting by the addition of figs.  But neither were that interesting, or that big.I hemmed and hawed over several nice vegetarian/vegan options and decided on the teriyaki tofu.  Big mistake, I think.  It tasted like soy and sesame, and veggies and rice.  All good things but all completely identical to most of my weeknight meals at home.  I sat there eating it wondering why I'd come to a restaurant to eat a fairly standard stir fry tofu.  I also didn't like the banana chocolate dessert.  Way too sweet!So why the three stars?  Like I say, service and ambiance were perfect.  And I really liked the wine our server recommended --an organic red from Spain.  My mom and aunt loved their meals, and my mom's dessert --an apple and cranberry crumble, was heaven!  So I guess, truth be told, I'm blaming myself. Dang, though, usually I nail it when it comes to ordering something that will satisfy me!
4	Well, let's say that I love it. I mean, I am being patient while they work the kinks out, but for a chain (or shall I say potential chain) I think it is a fresh change in the sea of steak houses and Asian fusion joints.The decor is fresh and sunny although the hard surfaces lend to poor acoustics. You may have to scream at you dinner date on a busy night. The staff is young and ridiculously healthy looking. I can't help but wonder if a pre-employment requirement is a complete body loofah scrubbing and two weeks of colon cleansing. Even some of the older management and staff appear to have just had micro-dermabrasion. But hey, in at new take on a health food joint, maybe it's just good marketing.The staff is the problem however. They all seem so young that they have no experiance. They are kind of wondering aroung while your food is stuck who knows where. On my last visit a nice young man named Steve was my server and he was beyound good. I complimented management on him and will ask for him from now on.To the food. I am a very healthy eater so it is right up my allie. I can't get enough of the kale salad. I ask for it with chicken. The Miso soup is simple but full of flavor. The deserts are good as well. You don't have to take home you heavy guilt with your full tummy. I have had all of the salads and you just can't go wrong, perfectly dressed to show of the perfectly ripened seasonal veggies. The wine list is interesting and fairly priced, chalked full of sustainable and organically produced wines that also taste great. You can even have organic vodka with you veggie refresher drinks. Who knew?Look, if fast food is your bag and you are looking to commit suicide via coronary disease... skip this place. If you are looking to experience truly healthy eating in a modern new spot, take your patience and give this a try.
3	I'm confused a little on this place and here's why. 1)Spiffy new, contemporary interior but it seems more like a fancy Pei Wei than an upscale restaurant. The prep table is in the front of the house, and why do I need to see people cut up vegetables as part of the dining experience? 2) The first thing you see on the menu are fresh healthy fruit drinks then at the bottom of the list they say "add a shot of vodka for $3". Seemed very strange to me. 3) We had great service, actually some of the best I've had in a long time, but there were easily 10+ staffers hovering around as you walked in which kinda made it like I had just pulled into a used car lot with all the salespeople getting ready to pounce on me. I'm guessing there were 30 employees total that night and about 60 guests in the place. 4) Food: Had an onion tart, butternut squash raviolis and a side of fresh green vegetables. Can't complain much food was really good, but in that healthy, locally grown, organic, blah blah blah way. I like this place, but it's in the Biltmore and I don't typically go here often at all. Food is good, simple and fresh so maybe a better lunch stop with the girls than a hearty dinner destination with the boys.
4	This place is very interesting and there is nothing else like it in the Phoenix area.  Though I am not some health nut, vegan, vegetarian, or allergic to gluten; I found this restaurant to be very good.  The decor is very unique and trendy with an open kitchen and prep stations so you can see just how "fresh" your food is.  The hostess was friendly and it took about 10 minutes for our party of 3 to be seated on this busy Thursday night.All 3 of us shared the Harvest Chopped Salad.  It was very tasty and served all of us quite nicely.  I would definitely order this salad again.  Our entrees (natural half chicken, sustainable salmon, and spaghetti squash spaghetti) were all very tasty and reasonably priced.  I would order any of the 3 again.We did not order dessert this visit, but I would recommend the maple ice cream thing.  I had that last time and it was very good.  I think they make all the desserts from scratch because it took forever.Anyway, the waiter was friendly and the food, drinks and refills were delivered rather quickly.  I would definitely dine here again because the food is excellent, reasonably priced, friendly service, and most importantly....makes me feel hip, trendy and healthy!
1	When I found out this restaurant was by Sam Fox, I thought YES!!!!!  From the window, this restaurant is very visually appealing .... HUGE kitchen, lots of people busily cooking, chopping, etc., bright and fresh colors.  I especially liked the butcher block table/industrial chair combo.  The kitchen extends into the dining area, so there a certain entertainment factor.I have no idea what is going conceptually with the cuisine.  I get the whole "healthy ingredients" idea.  But, for goodness sake, pick a genre!  It's like a pizza joint meets Asian fusion diner meets Italian pasta joint meets new American cuisine (for lack of better description) meets juice bar.  There is nothing really tying the menu together, except quality ingredients, which just does not seem to work.The server is far from stellar, and there were WAY too many servers per patron.  We never saw the same waiter/waitress twice.  Someone greets you, someone seats you, anther person takes your drink order, another brings the drinks, another takes your food order... you get my drift.  It took my dining partner and I asking three times to get our drinks - in fact, we finished our first course before we even got ice water.  Each time the waiter/waitress seemed put out by our request.  We shared a salad, soup and pizza - which evidently is a no-no at True Food.  Those who choose to share because they do not have a huge appetite and do not like leftovers are seriously looked down upon.  Apart from bad service, the food was not good.... at all.  The chicken minestrone soup and the sausage fennel pizza were very bland.  It was like they focused so much on the "healthy" aspect, that they forgot to flavor or season anything.  The pizza was tantamount to eating crispy cardboard.I have a history of liking Fox restaurants, so this was, to say the least, was very disappointing.  I actually gave the restaurant the benefit-of-the-doubt due to it being a Fox restaurant and went back for another meal hoping it would redeem itself... yeah, it didn't.  I'd stay away from True Food.... there are a lot better options in the general vicinity that off MUCH better cuisine/service.
5	What a great concept!  Fresh, healthful food with a wide ranging menu that offers plenty of options for vegetarians, vegans and omnivors. Could not be happier with every aspect of my meal -- delicious local greens salad; vegan pizza with rich tomato sauce on a tasty organic flour/spelt/flax crust; and a chocolate soy ice cream. Nice selection of organic and bio wines.  Very reasonably priced. The only complaint was a slightly wobbly table.  But for someone from Boston to be eating such a wonderful mean outdoors at 8pm in mid-Feb, it doesn't get much better.
5	I have been to True Food 3 times now and i am very impressed. first of all the decor is bright, airy, and environmentally responsible with reclaimed wood floors and those awesome dyson hand dryers in the bathrooms. filtered water is brought to the table in reusable glass bottles. why people have written that they dont like to watch the food being prepped on the open table confuses me. some of the best kitchens in the world have an open kitchen and watching chefs prep beautiful fruits and vegetables shows me how much they care about the quality of their produce.Now to the food- the only time i have ever heard of olivelo juice and it was delicious. so was the green ice tea and the cucumber refresher.i have had over half the menu and even the tempeh tlt which i thought  might be too healthy turned out to be Delicious. the soba noodles , shrimp dumplings and local vegetables were really fresh and tasty.loved the kale salad and the green tea soba noodles. turkey burger was very nice and i didnt miss not having beef. Overall i like the eclectic mix on the menu and i can always find something i am in the mood for. I highly recommend giving this place a try. I will be eating here every week.
2	First, I was happy to just be away, ALONE, with my husband!  So right away the night started out positive.We had done a little shopping at Last Chance and needed a bite to eat.  We are not that familiar with the Biltmore area so we just happened to pick True Food.  It looked busy (a good sign of a good place to eat), it looked healthy (got that from the name), and it appeared to be casual.  Exactly what we were looking for!The service was just OK.  One funny thing happened, our waiter walked right into the glass door of the private room.  Don't worry, he wasn't hurt.  He brought us the wrong salad.  He took away my knife and brought me a fork replacement instead of a knife.  He did have one great recommendation....the hummas appetizer.  This was fantastic.  We did need extra pita bread.We split the chopped greek salad with chicken.  It tasted great; however, the portion was crazy small for the $12 price.For our entree we split (bad idea) the butternut squash raviolis.  We each got 2 raviolis.  The taste was just OK.  Our server highly recommended this dish to us.  Not sure why.  Over all the portion sizes are ridiculously small.  The table next to us agreed.  The LOVED their soup and apple crisp dessert but nothing else.  So if you go...get the hummas appetizer, soup and dessert and you may like it!  I did have a celebrity sighting while I was there!!!!  Big from Sex in the City was there having dinner with his wife.
3	Oy, stop trying so hard. Cheesy uniforms, design, bathrooms all for some pho-eco wanabe globally conscious restaurant with mediocre food at Scottsdale prices.Nothing other than the wine and Kale salad were memorable. The Bass was really watery with no crispness to the outsides, the tuna special app was really boring and my mom's lasagna was equally unmentionable. All three glasses of wine i had were damn good; the Evolution, DXG, and one other i forget. Really everything was far over priced and just not worth it.  Our server was however super knowledgeable but a little fawning.  I doubt i would come back save for some wine and a cheap salad otherwise i leave this to the Camelback Corridor housewives on trendy diets and health kicks. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XMMLRvV4IMxIGyc4H37LxA?select=Jxmrw-IXVOHX3WgfL-r0Nghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XMMLRvV4IMxIGyc4H37LxA?select=24YjhsAUDhX4Jeh9pEUQzghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XMMLRvV4IMxIGyc4H37LxA?select=7SCnxk6-hBOpC_r1oNgo2Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XMMLRvV4IMxIGyc4H37LxA?select=IWd58vjnTO1LbcIeWKuJpA
4	Loved it. Very fresh and didn't feel guilty after eating delicious food. Try the Sashimi Tuna Salad.
5	My sister and I are obsessed with True Food.  The staff is always on par & occasionally serve up some free drinks or appetizers (which are all so tasty). Our favorites are: the kale salad with chicken, a side of the butternut squash w/ ketchup & that onion/garlic cheese tart as an appetizer.  The vegetable krudite and the hummus are both great ways to start your meal.  We ordered the butternut squash ravioli by accident, and loved this dish! The spaghetti squash casserole is also amazing.  Make sure you order their housemade lemonade and also try their desserts. True Food is simply amazing :)
4	Definitely alot better than what I was expecting. This is one of the few places that I've eaten at, Phoenix or elsewhere, where the decor and set-up reflect the cuisine. For instance, you can see the food being prepared outside of the kitchen and it's all fresh (at least I think it is). It's fresh, it's honest, and it's got nothing to hide. They specialize in foods that are organic as well as several vegetarian friendly dishes (not too sure about vegan though). True Food Kitchen is about as healthy and tasty as food can get in the Valley. There are alot of negative stereotypes with health/vegetarian cuisine. In the back of the layman's mind, he thinks he's going to get horse food. I think that sometimes and I eat vegetarian on a regular basis. Well, be prepared for True Food to destroy those labels.I ordered the garlic/mushroom/kale pizza and my friend got the chicken one. Both were delicious and tasted, oddly enough, very clean. I don't really know how else to describe it. Fresh equals a clean taste. Anyway, the food is to be experienced and it's well worth it. The portions aren't huge, but that's the point.One thing I will so however is that you can tell that the people that are die-hards about this place are also from the area (PV/Biltmore). I kinda have a hard time telling if they actually enjoy the food or if they see it as being a very LA type of spot in Phoenix, thus sorta giving themselves points simply because it's trendy. What I'm trying to get to is that I really enjoyed my experience here I really do believe that there is something for everyone (vegetarian/carnivore) here. Just don't expect it to be Madonna's "Like A Virgin" in a culinary incarnation that the yuppies tell you. Go there with no expectations and you will have an awesome exprience.
4	Went here for a second time. I do like how you come away feeling less guilty about eating out because their menu seems so health-conscious. I like their off-the-beaten-path drink menu. Honey and cucumber lemonade, who'd have thunk? Extremely refreshing. Looking forward to trying more drinks in the future.Last time I was there, I had the shrimp dumplings, which were fine, and butternut squash ravioli. Really good but not as filling as I would've liked. This time, I munched on edamame dumplings for an appetizer. They mash them up really well. Not sure if everyone would like the paste-like texture but it was yummy to me. Had just a hint of spiciness and was wading in sesame-oil broth. I had a grilled sustainable salmon fillet on a piece of wheat bread with cilantro aioli and I went for the sweet potato hash. The hash is worth a trip here. It wasn't greasy. I like it loads better than home fried potatoes. May try making it on my own sometime.Sitting inside is kind of neat because you can observe staff prepping some items on open islands. Staff has seemed perfectly nice so far. A friend said she got looks from some people when she went for how casual she dressed. I didn't get the sense today as one guy came in with a bulky backpack and someone else was in jeans. And nobody should be criticizing as the wait staff themselves are allowed to wear Keds or whatever sneaker wear. Anyway, I'd bring visitors or native friends here. Lunch for two with appetizer and a drink was about $40 before tip.
4	I was in phoenix for work, taking a break from a long day, and decided to walk around the mall when I came accross True Food Kitchen. The decor was really inviting and the place was packed so I thought i'd give it a try. I sat at the bar which faces the kitchen, awesome entertainment if you're dining alone. I really enjoyed the food and the service was impeccable.I really liked the Shrimp dumpling! The ahi tuna sliders were really good for a lighter option to burgers.  Do not get the squash ravioli though, I couldn't have more than 2 bites.Looking forward to going back during my next visit!
5	As a registered dietitian, I am constantly searching for restaurants that offer wholesome, healthy and delicious options. We started off with the elixirs which were all uniquely tasty and refreshing. We followed the drinks with the hummus which was as good as it gets. I got the curry dish but substituted chicken with tofu. I never wanted my plate to end! The flavors were exceptional but not overpowering. Our waiter was knowledgeable, curteous, and pleasant. Dessert was the blood orange cake. One bite was enough to satisfy the obligatory after dinner sweet craving. I recommend this restaurant to ANYONE! YUM!!
4	I went here for the first time yesterday. We beat the lunch rush by getting there at 11:30. By 12, there was a wait for a table. I was kinda scared of the menu because I typically eat 'bland with bland and a side of bland'. I ordered the turkey pita (not sure the official name) with a side kale salad. I skipped out of the provolone, which made the sandwich a little dry, but it was still really yummy. The kale salad was a big surprise....I liked it alot and had never tried kale before! My sister ordered the terriaki tofu. Her only complaint was that there wasn't enough actual tofu in her dish. I will definitely go back. Next time, I want to try one of their yummy drinks!
5	If you're willing to run out for lunch a little early, enjoy the lively patio atmosphere will dining on yummy vittles.A When-Harry-Met-Sally picky eater, I, um, grilled the waiter on seafood's sustainability and ingredient origin, and he was good-natured and knowledgeable.A perfect eatery for a casual date or girls' day out. Yay!
2	I guess I prefer false food. After three visits, the juices are the only items that impress me. The edamame dumplings are bland; so is the soup - I cannot even remember which soup I had, which is not a good commentary on its memorability. The ravioli - OK, The fish - OK. I haven't had anything at TF that deviated from "OK", but for the mid-level prices I expect something a little higher on the tasty meter. Service has been fine all three times I've visited, but nothing above what I expect for pleasant and expedient service. I always find myself distracted by the women servers' uniforms...I know it's supposed to be some organic cotton or something, but could they have come up with anything less flattering? I really feel for those poor ladies. I've also noticed that every time I've visited the crowd is about 75% women, with probably 50% of the parties women-only. Not sure what to make of that, but maybe you can have fun playing sociologist and come up with an explanation.
3	Good food, decent service, nice atmosphere although you do have to shout over the cougs at lunch. It's a pain in the A$$ to get a table at lunch if you are there after 11:30 or before 1PM. I was extremely ill after eating the Ahi sliders last time however; so violently ill I thought I might not make it back across the street to my office. I ended up cancelling my meetings and going home after lunch and being laid up for 24 hours. Yes, I ate there 4 other times with no issue, but bad sea food is hard to forget.
3	Disclaimer: I can't be objective with this place since I harbor deep resentment for the loss of Coffee Plantation (the former tenant in this space).  So if you want an objective review, skip to another yelper.  As a Biltmore resident, the last thing I needed walking distance to my house was a new restaurant.  The Biltmore and Esplanade already had plenty of restaurants.  Coffee Plantation was a community hangout and the neighborhood just does not feel the same without it.  The blue grass jams on Sunday are no more, the college kids studying are gone, and no longer do I see my neighbors grabbing coffee in the morning.  Paradise Bakery is no substitute.As for True Food itself, the food is inconsistent so order with care.  The tuna appetizer has been pushed on me more than once and I have always been very disappointed in the quality of the fish.  Call it what you like, it's just plain tuna sashimi floating in some kind of sauce.  Some items I do like are the Teriyaki Tofu and the Curry Chicken (substituting with Tofu), but I question their logic.  With the Curry you get noodles and with the Teriyaki, you get rice.  It seems like it should be the other way around for me, or at least give the option of rice with the curry.  I do like their juices but could do without the waiters giving you the canned speeches.  Try asking what Olivello juice is and you will get a scripted response about sea buckthorn berries.  Say what?  Olivello is a trademarked name apparently.  The sea buckthorn berry exists, but still you can't help but feel like a sucker for ordering something with so many names.  Have you ever seen a seabuckthorn berry?  Me neither.  Another yelper had to point me to a website describing the plant (thanks Chad H.).  Surprise surprise, it also doesn't taste all that great.  My advice, add the $3.00 shot of vodka and let your questions fade away to the back of your mind.And while I do agree with many of the health ideas behind the menu in general, they could make it a little more subtle.  When people put forth their views so strongly you can't help but question their sincerity.  The food should not need trademarked names, a celebrity endorsement, or other affirmations of healthiness if it really does the good things they say.  The results should speak for themselves.  Overall though, I keep going back to this place and have not had any bad experiences.  Mostly it's just a great location, good atmosphere, and decent food that you can feel good about consuming.  It's also great for groups.
4	Who knew healthy food could be so tasty too!
4	We tried this place for the first time this week after hearing about from several folks... The lunch was $35 for two with only one drink inclusive of tip and you should not expect gargantuan portions...What I liked:- Excellent, fresh food served in a healthy fashion- Reasonable portions- Great service even during the lunch rushWe tried the Ahi Sliders - nice wasabi and good crunch, the roasted asparagus - just rights and perfectly seasoned, The "TLT" - good sized sandwich, I recommend it with the avocado, and the Kale Salad - OK but it needed a little more zipWhat I did not like:- Really noisy, I can't recommned this place for a quiet lunch... it is pretty hard to carry on a conversation even when seated side by side
3	I'm having a hard time squelching my inner cynic here. Every single menu item comes with a side of karma, or guilt, whichever you prefer...I think this place is having an identity crisis: they tout local vegetables and wild-caught Alaskan salmon on the same page...it seems they are more concerned with promoting the appearance of soul rather than actually making good on the barely-unspoken claim to be "good for you." They know exactly which keywords to highlight to draw in the suckers who think Organic=Virtuous.The food was good. I had the hummus appetizer (very garlicky and I cleaned the plate) and the squash ravioli (too "squashy" for my taste). Nothing to write home about, and nothing to draw me back for a second time.
5	Dr. Weil should come to L.A. with his restaurant sooner than later!  I had the ahi sliders which were super delicious and cooked to perfection.  The hummus and flax seed pita was amazingly fresh and light and something I'm craving right now.  Have the Medicine man elixir and feel immediately energized and enlivened.  A kale salad side is the perfect add on to the main dishes and lets me get in my daily vege requirements in one full swoop.  This is the best thing to happen to healthy dining I've seen in a while.
3	We had a decent lunch here, but not good enough that I'll be back any time soon. For an app, we had something that was like a carmelized onion and goat cheese pizza which was very good.  For my entree, I had the butternut squash ravioli, and it tasted very "earthy".  The service was decent.
4	This place was just delightful.  I have been here twice now and liked it both times.  To be honest, I can't remember what apps I've had there, but I do remember the turkey bolognese and it was excellent.  It was rich and satisfying without being overbearingly greasy or oily.  The organic honey lemonade is also very good.  It's just too bad that it cost 3 dollars for such a small amount.  GIVE ME MORE.
5	Love this restaurant. I had the kale salad, the smoked salmon and the raviolis. All executed to perfection. We certainly miss Michael Stebner's cooking in San Diego.. Now I ll have to come to Scottsdale more often :)
4	Another success for Fox Restaurant Concepts, True Food is the place to eat healthy without sacrificing taste. We just stopped by for a late lunch but were impressed by the experience. The wait staff was courteous and friendly, explaining the menu without making us feel like preschoolers. I tried the cucumber lemonade, which once you get past the deep green color, was pleasantly sweet and tangy with a pronounced cucumber flavor. The very definition of refreshing. When we told our server we'd be sharing the Green Tea Soba Noodles, he split the dish into half servings at no extra charge. The noodles were tender and hot, accompanied by a shitakes, broccoli, bok choy and pea pods all immersed in a salty ginger-soy broth. We also tried the sweet potato hash, a sauteed blend of dice potato, onion, olive oil and black pepper. Again, delicious. Since I'm this impressed after only three items, I look forward to going back for more.
4	What a great new dining place!The food & drinks have a locally grown, fresh, organic theme. Our party of 8 sampled a little of everything. They have a nice selection of refreshing beverages, particularly liked the Medicine Man with Pomegranate juice, blueberries & black tea. Everything had a satisfying taste,  yet you didn't feel uncomfortably full.We were seated at a long wooden dining table, with unique extras - like the dish towel napkins and fun chairs. The decor is terrific - high ceilings, great wall colors, over sized unique light fixtures. The dinner team from hostesses, to wait staff and kitchen support all have great complimentary outfits - working as a one unit, which translates to quick, efficient customer service.The acoustics do not allow for a intimate conversations, the atmosphere is open and has a good energy buzz.Another nice showing for the Fox restaurant group.
4	This would be getting 5 stars if not for the service I have received.  I've been three times and twice felt neglected for long periods of time (and my "service" measuring stick is low - be friendly and keep an eye on my wine glass and you're my best friend).I love the concept.  There are too many corporate chain restaurants (I know, True Food could be considered a corporate chain but I prefer not to think of it that way) that serve heaping plates of fat and salt filled belly bombs (Cheesecake factory) to clientele that has no business eating like that (Buy a mirror people!).  For those of us that try to keep up appearences, its nice to have a healthy option that makes a great attempt at pleasing the pallette in cool surroundings.  I have enjoyed every meal I have eaten at True Food, and I did not feel any bloated guilt when I left.
5	If I had 6 stars to give to one single restaurant, I would definitely give them to True Food! By far my ultimate favorite restaurant. Healthy but great tasting food, excellent customer service and great atmosphere. I have gone there several times and loved every dish I have ordered. My friends options were excellent as well! Their Kale salad is really good, but the shrimp & goat cheese pizza is to die for!!! I am also a big fan of their turkey burger. The sea bass melts away in your mouth. Yummy! There is nothing I dislike about this restaurant (with exception of sometimes having to wait to be seated during lunch hours)! I love the concept. Ingredients used are organic, hormone and anti-biotic free, and locally grown. Plenty of gluten free, vegan and vegeterian dishes. Highly recommend this restaurant!
4	My first complaint is that I think the name is too similar to Real Food Daily in West Hollywood and I am always confusing the two names. Secondly, while I liked the food, I thought it was overpriced for what we got. Started off with the hummus, split an order of the curried cauliflower soup and veg. caesar salad and then had the green tea soba noodles with added tofu. Everything was very good; I really liked sitting on the outdoor patio with the exception of other diners dogs getting loose and trying to say "hello" to me while I ate. I'll be back again!
5	One of My favorite restaurants in Phoenix by far. Great atmosphere staff is always friendly, excellent service & great tasting cuisine.
4	I really enjoyed lunch there yesterday and felt that the menu had a lot to offer.  Everything looked very healthy too.  I have never had a bad experience at any of the Fox restaurants so I knew I'd like this one too.  One of the servers brought us a couple of different items to sample which was fun and he told a story about how the restaurant started.  Very fun!
2	Good healthy eats where everything is organic.  But if eating organic food is not totally up your alley then it may seem a bit more expensive.  I got the tuna sashimi salad which was really to die for.  It was a nice size for me because Im not a heavy eater.  Boyfriend got some steak tacos which were really good but you pay about $15 for only 2 small tacos.
4	Even my steak loving brother in law liked the place. It had a cool eco-friendly look very helpful staff and very fresh. I'll be back.
4	Kathryn, my girlfriend, loves True Food kitchen and I am a skeptic of anything done by the FOX group especially when it aligns itself to a single philophers idea of eating well, in this case Dr. Weil. I am also a pretty critical person and enjoy critiquing most everything especially eatieries and restaurants.One issue we have is that we are Vegans and while they do have a number of items listed as Vegan on the menu there are a few things that just seem silly. The first one is that they have no Salads listed as Vegan and the second is that they do not offer Vegan Mayo. The last time we mentioned the Mayo thing our server gave us a reason why they didnt but that we are welcome to bring our own in.Today has been a fun day so I thought going to True Food would be a good treat for Kathryn and maybe distract me from other events occuring recently. Our server, Chris, has waited on us before and is always very nice. When we mentioned the Soy Mayo thing she offered to go talk to the chef and managers. When she returned the reply was that "at some point we have to draw the line." To which I explained that by offering Vegan/Soy Mayo they would lower costs, increase shelf life, and even start substituting it with real Mayo without anyone noticing. She thought these were valid enough and again went to talk with the chef and managers. To which Kathryn and I exchanged glances and began eating our soup.To our surprise our next visitor was none other than Michael Stebner the Executive Chef of the restaurant. We began a 10 minute conversation about their philosophy and methodology for creating the menu. He explained that they are not a health food restaurant but rather a restaurant with a health focus. He also pointed out that they are happy to modify anything on the menu to accomodate a number of eating requirements. This was really cool stuff.He then went further and talked about his history as a chef and what he has seen work and not work from a practical perspective. This was a real conversation and I appreciate his engagement with us both. At no time was he demeaning to us and he never brushed a point of ours off. While I disagree with the philosophy of their menu I respect their methodology and see that they are interested in doing something more than just sell as much food as possible.Overall this was a great experience and while it did not result in everything I wanted I am more than happy to refer anyone to eat here and will be back again!
2	Hmmm... what to say about True Food Kitchen.  It seems to have take Coffee Plantation's spot at the Biltmore Shopping Center (Coffee Plantation sucked donkey) so Hooray!  TFK  looks fucking sweet from the outside with its floor to ceiling window/walls, but  it's a bit of a tangle on the inside.  While I can see what the owners/desingers where aiming at (wait maybe I can't I've never designed a restaurant...)  ,  I could not find a unifying theme for all of the decorative elements inside. Neon green tiles near the open kitchen , 70's wood pannel lamps in the dinning room, dark stone near the bathroom, and astro turf covering the hostess stand.  The place feels like a mix between fresh and easy and put-put golf.  The wait staff were dressed like car-hops working a veggy-brave-new-world drive thu..  I did like the wobbly butcher block tables.  Neat.  So who gives a crap about how a restaurant looks right?  I'm in it for the food.  I had the ahi tuna sliders (rare of course) with a side of sweet potatoe hash.  Sliders = derishious.  SPH = sadness :(  I loved the tuna, but god damn if the hash didn't come off as icky. My date had the Teriyaki chicken with bown rice and veggies.  The chicken was overcooked and the bed of rice it came served over was saturated in Teryakie sauce that was rather tasty but became snail killing salty after 3 bites.  She also caught a snag of hot pepper on her first bite that made her scared the dish was spicy.  Keepy Spicey Separately.  Overall it was edible.  Have I had better?  Yup.  Do they have delish drink options, like natural ginger ale and organic honey lemonade? yesh!   But will all the neat stuff about this place and the fact that, like the Tuck Shop, they don't charge and arm and a leg, I still don't see myself ever comming back..
3	The food was pretty tasty, though nothing special. I had a salad that I could have gotten at pretty much any contemporary american restaurant. My friend had a sandwich that he declared "high end deli-ish." The appetizers were actually the star of our meal - some kind of seared ahi/sesame concoction and seafood potstickers. They seem to be relying a lot on the organic schtik, which really only works if the raw ingredients are used artfully. In this case I think they are missing the boat. The mock-tails were fun (but a lot of money for no hooch). Added gin to the 2nd one and was much more satisfied. This actually probably would have been a 4 star experience except the service just flat out sucked. Took 10 minutes for someone to bring waters and another 10 for the waiter to show up. I think they must have gotten their sections screwed up or something. Sadly it never really improved. They do get brownie points for seriously sprucing up the old Coffee Plant though. Nice atmosphere and gorgeous patio.
4	True Food Kitchen claims to not be a health-food restaurant, rather a place for great food that just so happens to be healthy. Whatever you want to call it, when you sit down, you'll be handed a card explaining nutrition guru Dr. Andrew Weil's food philosophies and explaining their ingredients and food items until you no longer have an appetite. However, give this place a chance - it's not all about health at the sacrifice of flavor. The decor perfectly highlights the culinary concept, with clean, modern lines, big open windows, and LOTS of green. Andrew's Elixir, one of their refresher drinks, was delightful. The best food item we had was the caramelized onion tart appetizer, with gorgonzola cheese, black figs, and caramelized onions on a crispy flat crust. It was the perfect balance of the sweet mild onions and sweet figs with savory cheese and light, crispy crust. Our server said this is the same crust as their pizzas, so next time I'd like to try those. Next, we had the edamame dumplings, which is basically steamed won tons filled with pureed edamame in a light miso broth. These were good, not great. For our entree, we ordered the black cod, but we had to send it back because it was so fishy (and undercooked). When I asked the server if the fish is fresh or fresh-frozen, he said, "Well, they're all fresh-frozen." Their fish entrees are $22, which seems inexpensive, but they're fairly small portions. For that kind of price in this type of restaurant, I would expect fresh fish. Perhaps the fresh-frozen fish is a cost-cutting measure in what seems to be the increasingly corporate Sam Fox empire. We went with the salmon instead, which was also undercooked but far less fishy. The roasted apples and pureed celery root were lovely, but the dish as a whole was a little overpowered by the mustard sauce, and the accompanying vegetables were weird. Prices overall are very reasonable, especially if you stick with appetizers, salads, pizzas, and sandwiches. True Food aims for the lofty goal of making great cuisine that just so happens to be extremely healthy, and occasionally misses the mark, but I give them credit for bringing Dr. Andrew Weil's philosophies on the importance of nutrition for the body and mind to the mainstream.
4	You know, I liked this place.  Will I be craving the food and be able to think of nothing else for days? No.  But if I'm in the Biltmore area I will definitely make a trip back.  Very cool space, hip but not cheesy hip, more classy hip.  A relaxed ambience on a Friday evening and great service.  I had the ravioli with sugar snap peas and it was really quite tasty, and definitely 'clean' and fresh.  The Boyz in our lil' group both had pizza (with a wheat & spelt crust) and said it was just OK, but I think it's because they knew it was good for them :-) Good wine/drink list and prices not over the top.  The dessert was absolutely delicious - fruit crumble with maple ice cream - nothing wrong with that.  I wish Yelp would let me have a 1/2 star rating because I'm torn between 3 - 4 stars.  Food did not blow my socks off but I had a really nice evening and enjoyed the restaurant, setting & atmosphere.  Oh what the heck, I'm giving it 4 stars....
3	Went here on my Birthday. Well isn't this an odd little place that will make your health food kick diet smile. Positives- the hummus- I love hummus and this is the best I have had so far. Now that is saying a lot because I love the hummus at Pita Jungle and I never thought I would ever dethrone their dish, but alas I have. Be forewarned it is very garlicky!( Probably why I love it so much!)  I had the shrimp dumplings and shaved turkey sandwich with Sweet Potato Hash( bland) . It was good but nothing to write home about. They have funny non alcoholic drinks with cute names that my friends say are great though I did not have one.( NOjito for no alcohol Mojito-funny!) I would say check it out but be forewarned it is a bit BILTMORE STUFFY for an average Joe or Josephine and it is very expensive. The service was outstanding. At one point I had 5 servers waiting on me at once. Some people do not like that, but I sure do!!
4	First, let me say that I am a huge fan of Dr. Andrew Weil.  He is an advocate of eating whole, natural and organic foods whenever possible.  He doesn't have a 'diet' book, but he does advocate for eating in a way that our bodies our truly nourished.  I was soo excited to find out about True Food Kitchen.I found the decor to be light and festive.  My dad found the colors reminded him of the 70's. lol. Our waiter was really nice and took the time to explain all of the teas available to my mom. He suggested we try the hummus, and since I'm a sucker for chickpeas, we ordered it.I'm totally going to start making my hummus with some jalepeno!  It was great, but a tad spicy for some.  We loved it.I had the steak tacos with adzuki beans.  The beans were quite spicy and I only ate half, but they were delicious. The tacos were great and I could tell the meat was "organic" (duh, of course meat is organic people!) because of the distinct taste of meat not raised with added hormones.  One plus about this place is that people who have allergies to certain food products are absolutely able to eat here.  There are plenty of vegan, vegetarian, and dairy-free items on the menu. I will definitely be back.  My only problem is that I found it to be a bit expensive, but then again, I'm cheap. lol.Plus:  I saw some dogs seated with owners at their side patio tables!
5	True Food is awesome. It's great to find a place that has really good HEALTHY food!! Have been here on many,many occasions and it's always been a great experience. The shrimp and goat cheese pizza is a favorite but I've really liked everything I've had here with one exception...the butternut squash ravioli, I could do without this dish. Service is friendly and helpful and I dig the patio when it's cool enough to sit outside. Sam Fox seems to know how to do it up right. Thumbs up!
5	I shared a kale salad, the goat cheese raviolis and a medicine man elixir. The medicine man was pretty good but the kale salad was unbelievable. I've never eaten kale that fresh and that light. The raviolis just kind of melted in my mouth. If you're vegetarian and you live in Phoenix, hit this place up.
5	Two things I am not...your typical Sam Fox food disciple and the type of person who would seek out healthy food.  So True food Kitchen,  is not the the type of face I would inhereantly rave about.  However, I am open minded and I do love a great product and service, so True truly nails it.  It is well documented that the food is great, match that with attentive, crisp, knowledgible service and hip yet comfortable dining room and this place rocks.  After a couple of visits it is now definately on my regular rotation.
4	A friend and I had lunch here recently and really enjoyed it. It was great to have such fresh and healthy options (we ruined it later by eating huge amounts of frozen yogurt next door) to choose from. The salads are colorful and very tasty and the wait staff are very friendly and cheery.....we were even given free samples of their lemonade which is very tasty! It was cool enough on this day to sit outside which to us was the nicer option. Highly recommended!
2	From a girl who was born and raised in sunny SoCal, when I walked into True Food Kitchen, I thought to myself, "Wow...this place is so LA." Minimalist (yet natural) design, hip waitstaff...it would fit right into Los Angeles. However, True Food is a little too LA: it's all looks but no substance.True Food Kitchen cooks with a very literal defintion of vegetarian/vegan food in mind, which results in overly bland foods. Probably healthy, but still overly bland.The brother and I split the carmelized onion tart to start, and I ordered the spaghetti squash casserole as my main entree. To call the onion tart a tart is misleading - It should be described as more of a flatbread pizza (or, in our case, a very charred flatbread pizza), with gorgonzola cheese, figs and onions as toppings. The figs were slightly burnt as was the bottom of the bread, so the taste of onions and cheese was masked by the taste of charred food.The spaghetti squash casserole was exactly what it was described to be: spaghetti squash with mozzarella, tomatoes and zucchini. It tasted like squash and zucchini mixed with marinara sauce and baked with cheese on top. Nothing more. The first couple of bites were fine, but I got sick of it halfway through.If you're into very simplistic, healthy food, True Food might be right up your alley. But, it just lacks the flavor and depth of other vegetarian restaurants I've been to and overall, I just wasn't impressed by anything I tried.
4	fresh, fruity, affordable, and deeee-lightful!True Food Kitchen makes you believe that all other food might be - *gasp* - fake! this is seriously healthy food with flavor flare and creativity. not only that, but they truly exude the organic way of life with their considerate service and bouncy personalities to match.Now don't go ordering something you wouldn't usually order just b/c you think it will be healthy. If you like fish, eat the fish, don't eat the steak tacos just b/c you think it'll be healthy - of course you will be less inclined to like it! so far, i have had their soba noodles entree - it is a plentiful serving of cold green tea noodles tossed with peas, bok choy, and ginger. seriously good for you and excitingly tasty!i have also had the tuna sliders, which come with no sides, so i suggest the sweet potato hash for something filling. the wasabi mayo, pickled onions, and avocado go deliciously well with the seared tuna patties. last a-ha! tasteI had was trying the sustainable red wine from Arizona! Who woulda thunk that this glass would be so well-balanced -- and good for the earth too. Yay!in a land where all i thought i could get was steak and deep fried tacos, True Food Kitchen is truly my home kitchen away from home!
5	I was very pleased with their food and I am a rather picky eater.Great service and food. I will be going there again!
4	Decided to try out True Food Kitchen because #1 it was close to the hotel and #2 we had a veggie in the group.  They have a nice selection of wine by the glass and bottle.  Some off beat varietals, like malbec and monastrell.  Our waiter, Andrew was amazingly knowledgeable about wine for his mere 26 years!  I ordered a veggie salad with beets, turnip, and some other crunchy root vegetables.  It was supposed to have manchego cheese but I realized half way through that it was missing!  The salad was tasty otherwise - perfect for a lite dinner on an extremely hot evening.  The patio seating was lovely and the misters were a life saver!
4	This place was recommended to us by some friends, so we decided to try it on a whim one night.  The decor was very modern and earthy.  Our server was very knowledgable about the items on the menu, and gave my husband the advice of trying to "half portions" of the asian dishes he was debating between.  Turns out the half portions are HUGE.  He took almost a whole one home.  The teriyaki was a little bit too salty for my taste, but I thought the curry dish was excellent.  I had the steak tacos adn I thought they were also very well done.  The men at the table next to us ordered some hot sauce to go along with theirs, and I think I'll do that next time too.  I'll definitely be coming back here, especially when my sister is in town because they have a variety of gluten free menu items.
5	The restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere and is always filled lots of people, music and great food!  Whether dining with a large group or alone, you will never fill like a stranger; the staff is awesome and very friendly.  What really makes this restaurant stand out is the menu!  The menu is filled with gluten-free options--real gluten free options, not just meat, veggies and potatoes--but foods like red quinoa and brown rice pasta!  This is a major for people on a gluten-free diet because there aren't many restaurants that serve these sorts of foods!  During my visit to True Kitchen, I ordered the Ginger Nojito drink, the Wild Halibut with fava beans and red quinoa and the orange sorbet for dessert and it was very good and I was impressed! I think that Sam Fox and Dr. Weil, definitely hit a home run for people with restrictive diets such as gluten-free, soy-free, dairy-free, as well as low sodium and low glycemic index foods. Now, some folks who do not have health challenges that prohibits them to eat restrictive diets may not appreciate a restaurant like this one.  However, I have been to several restaurants where I leave frustrated and disappointed, because they could not accommodate my diet or offer an alternative, so when I found this restaurant I was elated!  Even though I don't do dairy, soy, or alcohol, I still think based on the number of gluten free items and customer service, I gave it a high rating.  Despite the 5 stars, as always, there's room for improvement such as adding rice milk based menu items to the list.
1	I was really excited to try this place.  Have been wanting to change my diet for a long time (from your typical diet of processed and often greasy foods [see my top restaurant reviews] to something actually nutritious and natural) but it is an overwhelming undertaking.  Thought this restaurant would be an encouraging step in that direction.But no... This place was SO bad that, for the first time in my ENTIRE life, I dined and dashed, because I couldn't even stomach the thought of giving money to these people.  The whole vibe of this place (and staff) screamed "trendy" so loud that I couldn't hear a trace of any positive message (about life or nature maybe, or food).  If I want to create more balance in my life by incorporating more natural habits (i.e. diet), why would I want to go somewhere that was so blatantly superficial and shallow?  ON TOP OF THAT, the food I had here was the most disappointing excuse for a meal that I've ever put in my mouth.  No flavor at all (does it matter what I or my partner ordered?  It was too bland to remember).  Now I'm new at this and not an expert, but I know that eating healthy doesn't mean you can't have flavor.  Garlic?  Onions?  Herbs?  Flavor and character *can* be found in mother nature's kitchen.  Just not at True Food Kitchen.This restaurant is more like a true disgrace.
4	Some very good and healthy dishes and some dishes that are just healthy
2	I came here with my friend, P, for her birthday lunch. We were both excited to try it and had heard good. I had tried a couple of bites from them at corks and forks and nothing tasted great but cooking for a bunch of people at a festival like that can be difficult so I chalked that up to a fluke, skipped breakfast and came prepared wearing my eating pants. We had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated then got a nice table towards the back where we could watch the beautiful Scottsdale/Arcadia moms lunch behind the glass. Why they were behind glass in their own separate room, I don't know. What seemed to be the most promising part of the meal was the delicious juice concoctions on the menu THAT YOU CAN ADD VODKA TO!!! That's my dream. Why can't you do this everywhere? P ordered the Ginger Nojito and I got the New Dew. Our beautiful spiked drinks arrived in tall, pretty glasses and while P's was quite good, mine tasted like a tea made from old sweaty gym socks. I was pretty sure at this point it was just me because everything here is supposed to be really good so she tried it to and yup, gym socks. Once we got the waiter back we explained my drink's disgusting nature and while I wanted a little sympathy, he seemed to just think I didn't like it. Surely this wasn't the way it's meant to be served. It tasted nothing like honeydew, mint or limes. I went with what P had at that point because it was safe (I hate having to do that) and we decided to order. We started with the Caramelized Onion Tart with Figs and Gorgonzola, added on the Edamame Dumplings at the recommendation of our waiter and rounded out our meal with Curry with Rice Noodle, Cauliflower, Cashews and Chicken. Everything came out pretty much at once but we started on the tart. It was near paper thin with the onions and figs a sweet contrast against the salty, skunky Gorgonzola. I could have eaten four of the them. Anybody who goes here, order this tart. It is so delicious, probably the best thing on the menu. The edamame dumplings proved to be bland, mush filled dough balls sitting in a pool of broth. They didn't taste particularly bad, just bland but that filling was so mushy inside. We couldn't get over the texture and textures don't normally bother me. Finally, our entree. It unfortunately was not much better than the dumplings. Cauliflower was described in the title but it only came with a few pieces. The sauce had a little bite but was still on the bland side at the same time. Does that make sense? It was spicy-ish, but without flavor. It tasted like a high quality TV dinner. My husband went for a business lunch a couple weeks later and I told him to order the onion tart. He had pretty much the same experience. The tart was the best thing they ordered. We truly must be missing something because it seems that most people love this place. I won't be coming back unless it's a business dinner and I have no choice in the matter, but what could I say then.
4	Love this place for lunch. I always start with the hummus, It is delicious and the pita wedges are fresh and you can tell they are made daily. For the entree, the turkey pita is my fav, and the Kale salad that accompanies the sandwich is a perfect compliment. The only drawback is the place is a bit loud and impersonal at lunch, not really ideal for intimate conversations or a business lunch. Overall it is a solid 4 stars.
1	What a disaster.  For an organic restaurant the staff had no clue...couldn't even answer simple questions about the ingredients.  I have never rejected a bottle of wine untile the waitress tried to serve us a corked bottle of wine...she seemed suprised that we would not accept the bottle...If you want to eat in a real locally sourced/organic restaurant try Quiessence.
3	8/14Came in for a late lunch.  Place was like a can of sardines, with a line that would've formed outside the door had it not been so hot.  Instead, we all clustered around the host's podium.  Surprised, I was seated almost immediately.  See, there are advantages to dining solo.  Had questions for the server, who had to go back to find out the answers, but at least she did try and was friendly about it.  I asked about the separate dining area at the back.  Don't quote me on this, but I think she said that the room can be reserved for a minimum of $100 expenditure for lunch and $200 for dinner (significance of info will be revealed shortly).Ordered the onion tart, which was comprised of smoky garlic, succulent figs, and pungent gorgonzola, which paired well with the star of the show- you guessed it- caramelized onions.  Loved the thin crust, which was made of spelt and flax flour- great ingredients for those who aren't allergic.  (I'm allergic to many wholesome LDL-reducing, high-fiber, anti-inflammatory, and anti-oxidant enriched foods, but I will gladly suffer a few hours of pain and other discomforts for another TFK onion tart!)Does this place ever slow down?  'Cause that's the only time I'll stop by for another bite to eat.  It was VERY noisy in here (private room would be a great option to look into if with a group), and the nervous energy was at odds with the forest and water moodscape that surrounded me.  BTW, the clip board (made of wood, not plastic or pleather) holding the receipt was a cute touch.  Too bad I spied (well, it really wasn't spying since they were right there in the open!) the kitchen staff stuffing cut veggies into ziploc sandwich bags... y'know those bags will just end up in landfills or the ocean :(
5	A couple of things about my recent visit.First of all, I had the Teriyaki Brown Rice, Local Vegetables, Sesame & Avocado with Tofu.  Since I'm vegan, it was one of the options conveniently marked as such.  And it was delicious!  Flavorful and hearty, I truly enjoyed it.I took my mother here for her birthday, and both my mother and brother enjoyed it.  I've been a couple of times for lunch, and I have enjoyed it, but neither my mom nor brother eat a lot of food that follows this concept.  My brother, a near carnivore, liked the steak tacos, but thought that the tortilla was bland.  We ordered a bottle of delicious wine, and thoroughly enjoyed the strawberry hemp-milk ice cream.  That should definitely become a permanent selection, because I am vegan and I did not see another vegan dessert option.And finally, the waiters and staff were awesome.  Our waiter was friendly, polite, and incredibly helpful.  I definitely recommend this for anyone looking for some local selections, a unique mix of (mostly) healthier food, and anyone wanting to enjoy a good meal.
2	Boooooooring. What a disappointment!  I'm all about healthy, organic food. The meals here did not wow our tastebuds at all. The reason most people shy away from healthier fare.We asked the waitress a question that she clearly did not know the answer to but attempted to come across as knowledgeable. If I remember what it was, I will repost.It has been several months, but it was definitely un remarkable. He had a boring pizza with the most boring of crusts. And I had the Goat Cheese ravioli. It was like eating sterile food for someone with health issues. Bland and forgettable. Healthy doesn't have to be boring. And who cares that Andrew Weil had any hand in this place. Am I the only one who doesn't see why we should not be taking healthy eating advice from this overweight M.D.?We may try it out one more time to be sure, but I'm in no rush to go back.
4	Dined here again recently with my husband who thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a 15 minute wait to be seated but that is all good....reassuring to know you are not the only people who would like to eat there. We tried the turkey burger and the roasted garlic, wild mushroom and tuscan kale pizza both delicious. We also had the organic honey lemonade which is amazingly tasty and refreshing! Wonderful little lunch spot.
3	I like the way this place is set up.  I like the super open kitchen.  The interior is lovely.  I appreciate concept.  I've been twice and both times I wasn't really thrilled with the value.Really good hummus though.  And I loved the "cucumber cooler" just wish there were refills. Small portions, high prices, high concept.  Good service although a little on the overzealous side.Good place to take a vegetarian.I might be back.
4	I've been here now not once, or twice, but thrice. My first impression is still correct: I love True Food Kitchen. After the first time I went, I came home to Yelp about it, read some other reviews and hesitated, thinking that perhaps I had overlooked things. So I went back. I still loved it. But then I went again just to make sure. And, yup, still delicious. The pita and hummus was simply amazing. I'm kind of a hummus snob and was surprised how much I liked it. I liked the pizza with shrimp on it. I liked the beef tacos. I liked the salmon sandwich, I liked the turkey wrap, I liked how the kitchen seemed to spill over into the dining room. I loved how open and airy it felt. Like other people have said, it did feel like L.A. But that's not always a bad thing. In the three times that I've gone I thought there was both image and substance. There were a few items on the menu that I had no clue what they were. I had to ask. The portions are not huge, but I found them to be quite filling. I always get one of the delicious and refreshing drinks too. I like the one made from the blood orange and the one with lots of ginger in it. There was not a hint of chemicals or fake sugar in them, just natural food, the way I like it. Refills would be nice though.The prices were a little higher, but not bad. I thought the food was flavorful and delicious. I would take people I like here. Heck, I'd even take people I don't like here.
3	So I went here last night for a first date and I knew this would be the place he would pick since he seemed kind of hippie-ish.  I was a little wary of this place because of the Yelp reviews, but you're supposed to be open on first dates and all that bs.I arrive there first, I always do this so I can get a drink in before the date arrives.  Always important to pregame just in case they don't drink or are that awful that you need more drinks to handle them.  But I digress...so I go up the "bar" (if you can call it that) and get a Red Moon with vodka.  Really tasty, but I don't need the bartender going over how sustainable their liquors are.  You have MGD on the menu!!!My date arrives and we head over the table to be greeted by a perky little blond named Kristen.  She was sweet, advised we do the restaurant week menu.  We did, and within moments our hummus arrived.  The hummus was good.  I liked the feta and olives in it.  Then came the first course of the summer salad for me and the edamame dumplings for him.  Again they were good, nothing spectacular yet...Entrees were next.  I ordered the steak tacos and my date ordered the cod.  So this is where it gets interesting.  I'm all for being green, but I hate when businesses or people act like they are enviromentally friendly because it's the thing to do.  My date had chopsticks for the dumplings and was told he would need them again for cod.  When they took his plate away I jokingly called to the manager who took the plate that he needed the chopsticks and throwing them away wasn't environmentally friendly.  Damn!  Did I get the nastiest look back from him!  Then when we receive our entrees the second manager, Kent, comes over and my date asks him if he returns the freshly unwrapped chopsticks would they go back to the bin so another patron could use them.  This confused and disgusted Kent at the same time.  How dare we ask to put unused chopsticks (STILL IN WRAPPER!) back into the bin instead of wasting them?!  At this point he subtly rips them, hands them back to my date and says he can't return them to the bin.  This whole situation was hilarious for me.  I couldn't believe my date did that and then the manager's actions as well were unbelievable.  They really believe in sustainability.The rest of the meal was just okay from there.  The steak tacos were bland.  And the lemon olive oil cake I had was just okay.  It was cold, and I like my olive oil cake served at room to warmer temperatures.FYI for the "sustainable and environmentally friendly" restaurant eating buffalo is better than eating beef for the environment.http://www.sunset.com/food-wine/flavors-of-the-west/bringing-bison-back-00400000019838/Try adding it to your menu!
4	So I had no idea about this place before I showed up, other than it's my Phoenix based friend's *favorite* place and she's willing to drive an hour to get to it. I love healthy eating, and was intrigued by the lunch menu, which ranged from really different salads (I live in the mountains - kale & lemon is decidedly exotic).  The plates that came out all looked so appetizing, and slightly higher end cuisine than the health food I'm accustomed to seeing.    My friend is a kale addict, so we had the kale salad and the kale & roast garlic pizza.  The salad was terrific, much better than my lame attempts at taming raw lacinato kale.Our server must have been new (or frazzled) for we never received the 'Andrew Weil' card about the philosophy of the place.  The only reason I figured out he was involved was when I saw him sitting not 10 feet from me at a booth across the aisle, chatting amiably with his table mates, in a white apron.   Phoenix celebrity sighting!Overall I really liked the concept of the place, and while one lunch there doesn't give me a full picture, it, more than anything else I experienced in this city, would encourage me to come back to the desert.  For someone who loathes temperatures above 70 degrees, that should be considered high praise.
2	I went here with a couple of friends during Restaurant Week, and I have to say that I didn't LOVE it.  The menu was impressive with its edamame dumplings and teriyaki brown rice with tofu, but the food itself wasn't AWESOME.  It was kind of like, Ok.  I tried the place, but I'm in no rush to return anytime soon.  I also wasn't particularly impressed by our waitress.  She was a bit too perky and a bit too in-your-face about the greatness of True Food.  I love everything that True Food stands for, but there was something that was a bit snooty about the environment.  There was so much emphasis on the greatness of True Food that I was kind of turned off by it.  I will say, though, that the natural refresher drinks are really good.  I had the cucumber refresher with cucumber and honey lemonade.  Highly recommend.   Not too much cucumber taste and just enough honey lemonade that it wasn't too sweet.  Here's my overall rating:Food: Meh.Price: Not awesome, but tolerable.Parking: No problem.Service: Not impressed.Ambience: A bit too trendy.Chefs: Cute.Also particularly questionable to me was: who the hell is Dr. Weil?  Where I come from, he's a foot doctor.  Apparently around these parts, he's some bigger dude that is qualified to discuss healthy living.  Hm...
5	My wife and I went to True Food Kitchen tonight for the first time; I'd been wanting to try it since it opened and we finally had some time alone to give it a go. All I have to say is -- WOW!The food is so unique and interesting at  TFK. All of the menu items are organic or locally grown (or at least locally sourced) and the menu was created with Dr. Andrew Weil. But this is not your father's hippie health food.We shared a shrimp dumpling dish as an appetizer, which was delicious. For dinner my wife had a curry noodle with shrimp dish that was light and just a tad tangy from the curry. I'm usually not a curry person but this was just enough curry to add flavor without being overpowering.I had a pizza with shrimp, caramelized onions, sweet red peppers and goat cheese. It was amazing...one of the best pizza dishes I've ever had. I'm a huge California Pizza Kitchen fan and I'd put this up against any of my favorites at CPK.For dessert we shared an apple-cranberry crumble with non-dairy maple ice cream in top. It was sort of like a sweet granola with huge chunks of baked apples, soft cranberries and this amazing ice cream that was so good it was hard to believe it wasn't actually ice cream. Delicious.We're definitely going back to True Food Kitchen!
1	I usually only lurk on Yelp but felt compelled to write my first review to warn others about how much this restaurant sucks.I gave up $30 tonight for what might have been the least tasty food I've eaten in at least 6 months. In fact, to say that it was the least tasty food I've had eaten in at least 6 months doesn't even begin to adequately describe the horrific culinary abominations I consumed against my better judgment at this "establishment".When I first heard about True Food, I was excited to try it out. With my pita, green tea soba noodles and chocolate pudding, however, I was incredibly disappointed. Actually, "incredibly disappointed" is an understatement. I was beyond disgusted. I do not like to waste food so I always try to finish everything I order. However, I was unable to eat all of the "noodle" dish. If I had forced myself to do so I fear I might have had to make a run to the restroom for a quick vomit before "dessert".This food is not just subpar, it is a disgrace to the culinary arts in general. This is some of the worst "food" I have had the misfortune of choking down in my short life and yet they have the nerve to charge those prices for it. Perhaps they are charging for ambiance. The food certainly is not worth that much.When I had pancreatitis a couple of years back, I vomited bile the color of green antifreeze. I could not make it to a toilet in time so I had to attempt to swallow the bile. I can say with total honesty that the bile tasted as good as - if not better than - the "meal" I ate tonight.I would quite honestly rather die an excruciatingly painful death than ever dine here again. I am not exaggerating. I will be avoiding it at all costs and advising all of my friends to do the same.
4	Great place to grab lunch after a morning of shopping! Loved the decor as it tied in well with the organic & fresh culture of the resto. I choose w/the cucumber refresher to cool down from the heat & it was the perfect choice! For my entree, I had the ahi tuna salad - almost identical in taste to the one at the Cantankerous fish in Mountain View. Delish! The girls all enjoyed their meals as well. We all left feeling healthy and satisfied. Service was great! I'll def. be back the next time I'm in town!
2	Weak.I mean if you want a 'theme restaurant' worshipping Andrew Weil, you may love it.If you're looking for a healthy, organically-conscious restaurant with flavor, MEH, not so much.I spent a lot of money, heard a lot of talking about the food, but when the entrees hit the stage, I was thoroughly underwhelmed.  They talked a big game, but when it came to what was important, the very thing I'd put up with rotten service as long as it's absolutely killer, the food, did not perform.
3	Pretty mixed I'd say, had the green tea soba dish, it was pretty flavorful but the vegetables, snowpeas and green beans mostly, were waaaaay undercooked. With only a small amount of these really thin soba noodles, it was like chewing through hunks of wood, and too much cilantro, every so often you'd just chomp down on an entire sprig of it it seemed. Still tasted pretty good though, just needs some refining. The juice drink I had was really interesting and I liked it quite a bit. It was agave and Ginger, which gave it a nice bite but was still very refreshing and light feeling.Overall it was not a bad experience, the atmosphere was nice (with the right company) and the wait-staff seemed helpful.  But for the price I would expect a little more concentration on their cooking not just the ingredients...
5	LOVE it.. great concept by Dr. Weil & awesome Sam Fox.. clean good food.. organic, veg, and vegan..yet meat on the menu too.. everyone will be happy.. The waiter was a man of intellect on the menu and the concept..as it should be! Had the hummus...some of the best Ive had.. warm pita .. yum. I had the harvest salad.. with butternut squash.. seasonal and fresh from local farms.. Ive nothing to say in negative about True Food.. its just awesome!
3	My wife wanted to go here a few weeks back for her birthday so we went on a Saturday afternoon.  Parking was easy to find and there was no wait to get a table.  Wish it had been a touch cooler, but it wasn't so we decided to eat indoors.  Had a little snafu with our servers where someone who was not our waiter took our drink orders, but it was straightened out pretty quickly.  We each ordered one of the signature drinks, the wife got cucumber lemonade (I think) and I got a green arnold palmer.  I liked the g.a.p.  For the meal, don't remember what the wife had, I got the chicken sausage pizza.  It was fine, nothing out of the ordinary.  Basically, that's how the whole meal was, okay, but didn't blow me away (not that I'm a huge healthy/organic foodie kind of guy though).  I guess I'd go here again, but I probably wouldn't suggest it.  (I did think the music was a little loud...)
4	While I still mourn the passing of the most rad Coffee Plantation ever, its replacement, True Foods, is a quite acceptable substitute. It's based on some cheesy anti-inflammatory diet by some doctor. Yeah - real helpful, I know. I'm sure there's plenty written about it, so why waste your time and mine rehashing it?I have been to TF a few times. The decor is gorgeous, and I love the outdoor patio. I met a friend there the other night. He was late (tsk, tsk), leaving me sitting by my lonesome on the patio surrounded by cougars and Scottsdaleites. Some staff member - a supervisor, maybe, as he wasn't in uniform - took pity on me and brought a little kale salad for me to nibble on, gratis. How sweet, but..... kale? Um... OK... BUT... dressed in olive oil, lemon juice, toasted bread crumbs, parmesan cheese, and chili flakes, kale is KILLER! Who knew? Fresh, clean, and delicious. I'm getting the big version next time.Our server, like all servers I've had there, was genuine, helpful, and friendly. She brought us a bit of the wine we were interested in, an AZ blend, to sample before committing to a whole bottle. We proceeded to suck down the said bottle, without much further ado.The menu has a lot of options - and that's coming from a vegetarian with a fungus-phobia. I've had something different every time I've gone, and each has been so very tasty. My favorite is the tofu and brown rice - simple, yet flavorful, and generously portioned, allowing for lunchtime leftovers. My companion got some pasta thing with ahi, maybe? Come on, I was drunk. But he seemed to like it just fine.So, is True Foods just slightly self-righteous with its sparkly clean offerings and slick decor? Well, OK. Maybe. If you can get past this and the crappy parking situation, you are gold. Your liver might thank you for the healthy meal, but you can go ahead and shush it up with one or four of their signature cocktails. Tons of yum! I will be back.
3	This is why I typically wait until I've been to a restaurant more than once to write a review. Consistency means a lot - I don't care if the service is consistent, but the food should be. Especially if you're trying to sport a "healthy eco-friendly" image capable of reaching naysayer-veggie-haters that have only had bad experiences with healthy cuisine. My experience would certainly not have convinced any timid diners that they should try new foods. Which is unfortunate and makes me sad as a healthy food lover.My first experience in February was absolutely lovely. Went for a friend's birthday and had the private room in the back. I ordered the green tea soba noodles with tofu and extra veggies - simply delicious. Everything I wanted...light, healthy, flavorful and a good glass of wine to boot. Service was spectacular and dessert was delightful.My second experience really let me down. Fine if the service wasn't outstanding, I can get over my awkward waitress. The wine was fine. The food was not. I ordered the roasted vegetables with farro. Both the veggies and farro were undercooked and barely lukewarm. I don't like mushy vegetables, but al dente would be nicer to my jaw. And PS - those weren't figs. Definitely not figs.I'd like to go back and try something else on the menu to see if this was just an off night, so for the time being I will deposit this mediocre review in hopes to have my confidence restored next time.
4	Let's start by saying that if it weren't for the high prices, I would happily give True Foods 5 happy stars.  True Foods is wonderful.  If they opened up shop on Beverly Blvd, La Brea, or 3rd street in LA they'd get my business all the time.I was looking for something healthy that was gonna fill me up without weighing me down (was going to a wedding that night), and relatively fast.  For some reason in America, this is a really tough thing to do.  I opted for the spaghetti squash casserole with fresh mozzarella, organic tomatoes and zucchini ($13) and a New Dew drink (honeydew juice, mint, and lime).  I was blown away by the casserole.  Simple, tasty, really nice kick in the tomato sauce, and besides the fat in the cheese, made completely of vegetables.  AWESOME.  I mean, really really great. I'm gonna make the dish at home.  The juice was good,although the honeydew wasn't super ripe like the ones they juice at Fred Segal in LA.All that said, I was SUPER impressed with True Food kitchen.  Someone there told me they're going to expand.  I'd say bring the prices down a bit (I'd pay $10 for that casserole at lunch any day fo the week), and come expand to LA.  You'll make a KILLING.
1	What happened to this place?  The first time I went about a year ago, both the food and service were great.Second time, last May, I ordered the same dish and it was horrible.  Drowning in sauce.  But, at least the service was decent.Just went a third time and it will be my last.  Both the food and service were horrible.  Went for lunch, sat inside and it wasn't very busy.  Our waiter was totally out of it and only had 4 tables and hardly paid any attention to us and kept forgetting things, like taking our order to start.  Then, even the food runner forgot to bring me half my meal after I asked her for it.  In the meantime, I counted at least 17 staff member hanging out in the kitchen area, which is open, so you can see them and half of them were folding napkins.My food was not very good and actually made me a little sick.  This is a shame, especially because there aren't many places in Phx that have vegan choices, but for the price you pay, I would expect a lot more.
4	This place is phenomenal! High quality food combined with attentive, top-notch service. For starters, try the ginger butternut squash. Delicious. I'd also recommend the tuscan kale salad, roasted root vegetables and farro. For dessert, the flourless chocolate cake is a must have!
3	I have to say I was a bit apprehensive about this place and I`m not a vegan! But came here two nights ago and was pleasantly surprised!! Ordered the edamame ravioli, delish! And had the lasagne butternut squash casserole, yummy! They do serve wine, tea and other drink fusions. I just might be back!!
4	A very nice concept for a restaurant chain that I would be excited for if it ever came to Chicago.I'll get the bad part of the meal out of the way first. The drinks, or "natural refreshments", are very appealing at first on the menu. But in actuality, they are very underwhelming, or worse, undrinkable. I tried Andy's elixir, and my brother had the Medicine Man. My drink really had no flavor that it tasted like slightly sweet soda water. Then I decided to give another drink a shot, the T-Eight (their version of V-8 I'm assuming). That was pretty bad. They really need to take a second look at those ingredients and probably take out the ginger and/or parsley.Now for the good part, the food. The pizzas are all really good, with the best part being the light, tasty crust. The Harvest Salad was probably one of the best salads I've ever had, as was the Sashimi Tuna salad.The Wild Ahi Sliders was very perfectly cooked, as rare ahi tuna can be overcooked very easily. And the Spaghetti Squash Casserole left me with such a healthy feeling that I shouldn't feel after eating a casserole, which is a good thing.Overall, a very nice experience and restaurant, one that I'm sure I'll try again when I fly back to Phoenix. The service was excellent as well, at the front of the house and our waiter. And the restaurant itself has a very clean ambiance which adds to the true food experience.
3	True Food Kitchen has good and healthy food. It's definitely not a place to go if you want a some "comfort" -- let's say...French Fries with your low-fat Turkey burger. I ordered a cup of Miso soup ($3) and hummus as my main course ($8). Both were fantastic. My husband ordered Chicken Sausage Bolagnese ($14), which he loved. For desert, we shared an apple-cranberry crisp with dairy-free Maple-flavored ice cream ($6). We were both pleasantly full and happy after our meal. They have a series of specialty drinks which the waiter pitched to us fervently with words like "you can't get this anywhere else in the world.." Ross tried "Andy's Elixer"and enjoyed it, but I was not impressed and thought it was a waste of $5 bucks. We would visit again, but I imagine this isn't someplace that would elicit an: "I have a craving for True Foods Kitchen" statement. from my husband or I.
3	This place has all the amazing potential in the world. It's a cool concept and I certainly appreciate the plethora of vegetarian and vegan options they have available, but I gotta say: bland, boring, blah.The hummus was good, but certainly not the "best in the valley" as our waiter purported. I ended up adding salt.My "LTL" (veggie version of the BLT) was very bland. I added salt and that didn't even help. My bread was slightly burned and the potato hash that they gave as a side was cold, limp and you could tell it was burned during the cooking process.The vegan pizza was also pretty boring. It was a combo of olive oil and red sauce. They could have spruced it up with some spices and made it really flavorful, but it definitely left me wanting for more.I appreciate the charcoal water filtration system that helps eliminate "water bottle waste" but I don't know that charging $2 for the table is necessary.The honey lemonade was good but gave me a tummy ache, and the nojito just had way too much going on (honey, lime, ginger, soda water, etc).Our service was good, if not a little overbearing, otherwise I would give this place 2 stars. The food is boring and extremely overpriced. Our casual lunch turned into $50, and there was no alcohol involved.I am all for health and I support the cause, but they really need to do something about the taste of the dishes.
3	True Foods has a great concept but in all honesty I believe it's overrated. I have dinned with them on several occasions - last night for a friend's birthday - and each time thought it was okay but not fantastic. The menu dinners range from $15-30, but are not worth that much (for example there was bones in my fish and our desert oil cake was a bit stale). However, they are a good place if you want to feel like you are "eating healthy" because of the organic/gluten free dishes. The service was very good - Damien was our very attentive waiter.
5	This place is awesome.  The best freshest, organic food you'll find in/near Scottsdale and Phoenix.  It's yummy and so good for you!
5	Love this place!  Lots of options for all types of appetites.  We were in town last week from Chicago and based on the yelp reviews came here for dinner.  Cocktails were tasty and food was delicious.  Nice vibrant atmosphere too.  Service was good too.
3	Good Food, Shit Service. I'm not sure what to give them...I feel like the service should be up to par with the food to make my whole dinning experience enjoyable. I've eaten here 3 times and had the same reaction. I'm on the fence till they step it up! half way there guys.
2	I just want to tell about my experience here this is not a place I would normally go cause I eat food cause I like the flavor not cause its healthy. I can appreciate the idea behind this place but holy shit this place is over priced for what you get. Everything needed salt and I kind of expected that. I will say that the pizza we tried was good. We tried the shrimp, roasted red peppers, and goat cheese pizza and it was suprisingly good. I did not think I would care for shrimp on a pizza but dam it, it was a good combo for sure. I also got the turkey pita. It had a great dresing on it just did not have enough of it. The pita bread was so dry i drank two glasses of water just to get it down.  When you eat this you know your eating healty so its just blah. They use all local products which  I like and the menue changes with the season wich I like but everything we tried was lacking flavor . I went with 6 people and everybody shared so we could all try everything. Betweeen all of us we tried 6 different dishes and two apps. They have an outside patio and the inside decor is nice. We got the private table in the back wich was cool. The restrooms sinks are very cool and they have the best hand driers ever in the restrooms as well, not really important just thought I would mention that. Anyways If your a healthy eater than this place is worth a try. For me if I'm going to spend $15-20 for myself I would choose so many other places.
5	I love eating here. I eat here all the time because it's near my work. It's so healthy. Everything on the menu is good for you, and they make popular comfort food dishes that are healthy. I think the food is consistently good since I eat here probably once every 2 weeks. I love the turkey burger and the salmon sandwich.
4	Great Service.   Food is pretty good as well.Don't recommend it for a a romantic dinner/date night.  Seating tables are too close...
4	Of course, everyone was likely on their best behavior the night a friend and I tried True Food because Dr. Weil was sitting at the table next to us.  So the service we experienced could not have been better...and I love it when food is served "complimentary."  Love it.To tell you the truth, I do not remember the prices, I remember the food.  I loved that the meal and pairings choices were different, and I have never had better fish anywhere.  It was so wonderfully flavorful!The restaurant is clean and sparse, yet beautiful, and not pretentious by any means.  I will return!
3	True Food is full of sensory surprises - and a little full of itself. I genuinely like having such a distinct menu in the neighborhood, but the food, service and entire operation is uneven. TASTE: pan seared chicken with root vegetables is one of my favorite dishes in the Valley. It not only tastes good, my whole body feels better after I eat it. No zippy sauces, just simply and deliciously prepared. The rest of the fare, like pizzas, teriyaki bowls and signature drinks,  disappoint as often as not.  HEARING: It can be loud as a bar inside - too loud for a concept restaurant focused on conversational food. Our waitress was also one of those softtalkers, so I caught a verb in the specials - and what I believe was a noun just before dessert. SIGHT - It's an attractive, contemporary space but not well lit, and I couldnt read the printed menu.  We were seated under a Bunyanesque dim sum steamer masquerading as a light source, so I walked under an actual lamp at the bar to read about these entrees they whisper of.  My eyes arent the greatest, but I can drive without hitting brightly clad pedestrians, so for a place to be open over a year and be this opaque seems, well, opaque. SMELL - There's a perfume of pretense.  Small portions married with high prices, and the whole earnestly ballyhooed dietary schtick whose taste and execution is hit and miss. I will say the servers have been uniformly nice, which goes a long way. They just forget stuff and dont seem to have the cadence and rhythm thing down too well for a Biltmore-priced eatery.    TOUCH - there are some nice touches. The patio is a pleasant place to sit. They wrap up To Go orders really well. The people watching is good (my wife spotted Sandra Bernhard last time).  And you can order things here you probably cant anywhere else. That's notable and fun. But there's an oddness too. Nothing sinister or belligerent, just amateurish. I'll give you the silliest little example.  You know how top kitchens resemble machines, with staff bustling to make it all work?  Everyone gliding past one another, in a purposeful way?  True Food service seems more an artist colony than machine, compromised by individual quirk and ethic more than guiding principle or practice.   A young lady brought our To Go order to the table. It was in a heavy paper bag and she presented it with a big smile. Perfect.  But when she walked away, back towards the kitchen and bar area, I noticed she was wearing unusually high heels and could barely walk in them. Her job, or part of it, is to walk around - and I'm serious - she can barely balance herself and locomote in these things.  I know that's a goofy little observation but it struck me as emblematic of an establishment too eager to make the wrong impression, and maybe a little confused as to what makes a fine restaurant.
5	This is my new favorite Phoenix restaurant. I'm not good at commitment (don't tell my wife), so I'm the guy who asks waitstaff for recommendations. When I couldn't decide, she offered me two half portions of a salad and some curry thing. Loved both! The lemonade is tasty too!
2	Being a newly christened vegan, my dining out choices are slightly limited to say the least.  So when I heard about True Food, I got all kinds of ferklumped, especially when a few coworkers told me about how delicious it was.  I bet they had the stuff with meat.I don't think restaurants understand how important service is to the entire experience.  I can have an amazing meal with the best food I've ever had, but if it takes 20 minutes for a server to come and just take my drink order, it's going to affect how much I enjoy said food.  I am not one to nitpick since I used to be a server myself, and I know how hard it is, but 20 minutes is nothing short of ridiculous.With that being said, I was expecting the food to make up for the service.  Not so.  I ordered the quinoa salad, which was actually pretty good, although the dressing had waaay too much acid.  The beets were delicious.  My entree, the roasted vegetables with farro and figs, sucked.  75% of the vegetables were so undercooked they crunched when I bit into them.  Not cool.  The farro and figs were decent, but were so overwhelmed by the poorly prepared vegetables that I couldn't enjoy them.  My advice to them?  Don't put a vegan entree on the menu unless it's going to stand up against the rest of the list.  I'd rather eat my usual gathering of appetizers and sides.
4	I would give their kale salad 5+ stars.  Its amazing that they were able to find a way to make kale irresistible.  The drink menu also looked great.  I had a really great green tea drink which I really enjoyed.  The reason for 4 stars?  My main dish, the green tea soba noodles, was pretty unimpressive.  Also the service was pretty bad.  They mean well but they just didn't have it together. Our food took forever to get out to us.  We would have to ask 3+ times to get water, our check, etc.I will most definitely return here.  For the kale.  Yum.
3	We have been to TFK several times. Service was excellent, we had the same waitress a couple of times, she was very nice and prompt.I like the restaurant design, it's clean and simple. Now, the food. There are some hit and misses. The onion tart, kale salad, hummus and farro are delicious. The honey lemonade is great, but with no refills it can get expensive. The chicken, curry plate, spaghetti squash casserole were....ehhhh. Like they forgot to put flavor in them. It tasted like, well, chicken, curry, spaghetti squash. The plate looks great and you expect this explosion of flavors in your mouth. Once you taste it is like a firecracker that fizzles, disappointing. Also, we had our son with us and ordered his vegetables to be cooked soft and in none of our visits they manage to do it right.  They tried, but for some reason they couldn't?I had dessert once, I think it was a banana chocolate tart. I know it had chocolate in it. It was good but nothing to write home about.I guess I like to go to eat to TFK when we are out, it makes me feel healthy. Not satisfied but healthy nonetheless.*3.5 stars*
2	Apparently something is healthy if you can put the words "organic," "Wild," or "Natural" in front of each main ingredient.  At least this is what True Food Kitchen would have you believe.Naturally I went here with a good friend of mine for lunch. We had a short wait to sit on the patio. We started with the hummus appetizer. I was not impressed at all, granted I am a hummus snob (Go Sabra!). The Pita slices could have used a nice grilling, and the veggies were pedestrian. For my meal I had the Ahi tuna sliders. It came with a sweet potato hash. The sliders were small and the ahi was a bit overdone for my tastes, the wasabi mayo covered the overdone nature of the Ahi. This is where I again question this healthy nature, copious amounts of mayo is not healthy when compared with the option of properly seared ahi. The sweet Potato hash was acceptable. The meal left me hungry however.The Organic Service was sub par, and the exposed tattoos and odd hair colors of the wait staff seemed unbecoming of a place with prices this high. Given a choice of Fox restaurant concepts this is not my first.
4	I was lucky enough to dine at True Food as part of Arizona Restaurant Week. We went during the week, so it was full, but not too busy. This restaurant had to be one of the best deals for all of Restaurant Week. In addition to the three courses, we also received a hummus appetizer for the table and each of us received one of their Natural Refreshers. The hummus plate was delish; the refresher was okay . . . I liked my wine better. =) Our server was very nice and super knowledgeable without being pushy.There were four of us at the table and we each ordered something different so everyone could try as much as possible. I am so glad we did this! My appetizer was the Smoked Salmon, which was great with the wasabi peas. The Summer Chopped Salad was delicious and so large it could have been a meal! I did not order the Edamame Dumplings because the description did not sound interesting to me, however when I tried them I was surprised at all of the flavor from one dumpling. On to the second course. The Gluten Free Spaghetti was good, as was the Tofu Curry. The Black Cod was all right too. My Steak Tacos, on the other hand, were fabulous! Steak was perfect; the beans that came with it were ok.Dessert was the best! We tried four of them; my favorites (in order) were The Banana Chocolate Tart (very rich, must share), the Apple-Cranberry Crumble (the maple ice cream really makes the dish), the Lemon-Ginger Frozen Yogurt (sweet, tart, and cold), and the Lemon Olive Oil Cake (very light, fluffy, and delicious)!Not sure how soon I will make it back as it is not an easy drive for me, however if someone else is planning an outing, I would love to go!
5	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):10 Food9 Service10 Atmosphere8 ValueThis food is great (had/tried the hummus appetizer, ricotta ravioli, spaghetti squash casserole, and flourless chocolate cake)!Jannese, our server, was prompt, knowledgeable, friendly, and energetic.The atmosphere is pretty damn kick ass.  It's modern/contemporary, but also earthy (whereas modern is usually a colder, maybe steel look, so it's unique).The food wasn't INexpensive, but it was very well priced for being organic and what I'll call artisan food.  You'll get more food for your money at Chili's, but then you'll also be a fatass with factory-line food.  True Food Kitchen has obviously put some TLC into their dishes and you just feel good about yourself while you're shoveling it into your face!As an example, here's my bill:$16 - 2 cocktails$14 - 2 glasses of wine$  6 - 1 appetizer$25 - 2 meals$  7 - 1 dessert= $73 before tip
5	Just an update on this restaurant for my second trip to the Phoenix area. I'm still avoiding the healthy drinks on the menu. But the food is just too good that I'm updating my review to 5 stars. The Harvest salad is just as I remembered it and is still the best salad I've ever eaten. This time we had the Chicken Sausage pizza, which was pretty good, but I'm always impressed with the crust. This meal we had fish: the Black Cod in a miso broth was so sweet and tender. And the Arctic Char (seasonal) was cooked perfectly with a great kale salad on the side. And the service was very friendly and expeditious as usual.
4	Admittedly, I have a bias up front because I'm a Dr. Weil groupie, so I got the fangirl goggles coming into this place. My expectations were actually exceeded, and am SO happy to discover this restaurant because they have a plethora of dairy free and egg free options which is awesome for someone like me with the allergies.The decor is bright and energetic. Our service was fantastic. I loved how they display bins of fresh fruits.Over at my food blog, you can see pictures of the dishes we ate: 2 appetizers and 2 dishes, the teriyaki tofu brown rice and Roasted Autumn Vegetables. My favorite was the Edamame dumplings: http://bit.ly/aeZminThe only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because I thought the pricing was a tad on the high side. I felt it was worth it, but this place is more of a treat than let's eat there twice a week kind of thing...at least for me.
2	The food is good, but over priced.  The staff is not knowledgeable and my server had a large tattoo on his neck and a biker mustache.  He was just very dirty.  TFK  please hire a classier wait staff.
4	OK, this place is just a cool restaurant!  It has a very fun atmosphere that is laid-back and contemporary along with an "I care about organic stuff" attitude! The food was very fresh and had lots of flavor!  I will be back to try more dishes.  Be sure to try their coffee which is some of the best I've had.  They make it especially unique by serving it to you in the Bodum double wall coffee cups.
2	OMG, I can't WAIT to go back again...NOT!!!  The food was not memorable, the service was not attentive AND on top of it the seating is ridiculous close, I could of reached over and shared his food!  BUT, for some reason Sam is opening a second True Food at Scottsdale Quarter...!?  Me thinks, wait for that one and give it a try again...
5	Great great restaurant, the ahi slider is amazingly done, and you got to try the cucumber refresher, it really does reshen you up.Although, i have heard from alot of people saying that it's not a "healthy food place" because none of their dishes are uder 500 calaries.  If thats what you are looking for, then i suggest you stay home and chew on carrot stickes.  I think the food here has a great refreshing appeal, and paired pefectly with their juices.  Definitely not the type of food thats gonna send you to the hospital with a heartattach.
5	I seriously could eat here every day. I love that everything is organic and locally grown and follows the anti-inflammatory diet. Its healthy and delicious. The fresh juice blends were delightful, and the food is flavorful and filling. I like that you find dishes that are within just about any means of a specific diet i.e. gluten free, vegan, vegetarian, dairy-free. The flourless chocolate cake was a great ending, and my inner health nut shouted cheers of joy at finding a healthy and delicious place to eat at. Anyone who thinks healthy food has no flavor and taste will be converted by one bite of any of the dishes at true food kitchen.
3	good food, high prices.  love the modern atmosphere and patio is very cool but i think there are much better places to get tastier food and less expensive drinks in central phoenix.
4	Good food that is good for you.  A bit too pretentious for me, but it is Scottsdale.
5	Delicious! My vegan friend had the tofu teriyaki and I had the veggie lasagna. The decor is modern and all the ingredients fresh. You can watch the cooks wash and cut your veggies from your table! A definite must try :)
4	I love to go out to dinner or lunch or really any meal. It makes that meal a little extra special. As much as I like making a meal into something special, I literally crave to go to some place and feel like I haven't eaten something that just added 20 pounds to my stomach. True Foods did something that I have rarely experienced, I walked out not only feeling not heavy, but feeling better than I walked in. I admit, I like the unhealthy, bad for you, nasty, ginormous amount of calories, full of not so good for you food. I fully admit to that. I like that good tasting but not nice to your body stuff. I do, however crave something that is a little on the healthy side. Nay. I crave that even more! I would love to go to a restaurant and say, lay some thing in front of me that doesn't weigh me down! Slide me something that will soothe my hunger and tease my taste buds in to nirvana. Yet, that place is such a perplexity of possibility that I rarely ever find it. Then I come to Phoenix. A client suggested that on a recent trip to Sedona, when I had a little layover in Phoenix, I slide on over to True Foods. I am a fan of Dr Andrew Weil. I think and feel his philosophy of eating things that are nutritionally sound is quite up my alley many times, and when my client told me about his place, I knew I had to venture forth in to the great unknown to me of Phoenix and have lunch. Parking, I did so in the back. Need I place myself among such fancy schmanzy cars up front? Nay! I am fine rounding myself around back. But then I nearly stumbled in. Weary from the two hour drive I just slaved over, needing sustenance that would not only revive but rejuvenate my wilting body. Holla! I made my way to the bar for refreshment and refreshing meal. I sat down, about ready to gnaw an arm or two off when I saw the enlightened menu. So many choices, such little room for all of it. I had to choose wisely. I started off with a green nojito. Refreshing indeed! Certainly my taste buds as well as my body were singing high praises!I settled on a certainly reserved lunch. the Teriyaki brown rice stir fry with chicken. Exciting? No. But it was damn good. Avocado, bok choy and spinach with tender pieces of chicken. Hello! I could have munched all day on that, but to do so I needed a little more drinky drink. Off to the green Arnold, more tea that I thought but the final product placed a happy smile on my face. What threw another smile on my face? The friendly and smiling service I got not from one, nor two, but from three separate staff members. Nice. I like. The price was fine, nothing I wasn't surprised about, but really when I left I not only felt good, I felt great. I felt like I was energized and ready to go. Honestly that is a hard thing to find when I eat out. Rumor has it this place is expanding. Um suggestion? Chicago would love to embrace a healthier eating lifestyle, okay... I would love, no LOVE for you to expand out my way. I would fight Andrea R for a spot for first in line, but I know I would win. I can elbow harder.Okay... I can... but I would be happy to be second in line just as I had a place to have some place healthier to eat.
4	True Food indeed! The mixed reviews are telling so I am going to rate this purely from my experience last night. I started out with the hamachi and pomegranate sashimi. Wow, the combination was mouth watering after I ate my first piece. Who would have thought pomegranate with hamachi? I ordered the curry and rice noodles with the shrimp. The dish involved more than just that of which it had perfectly cooked vegetables that brought out the flavor. I was pleasantly satisfied with the texture of the crispy vegetables and the soft rice noodles with a hit of curry. It was one of those dishes where in the beginning you question "I can't really taste anything" but then you take a couple more bites and it comes together. You start understanding why the combination of the celery, chards, cilantro with this type of curry and . . . okay I am just going to stop. It's one dish and it did it for me. We also ordered the caramelized onion tart with Gorgonzola and figs. I was not impressed and would recommend trying a different appetizer because there were many appetizers that sounded delicious . They also offered all these creative healthy juices, which I want to try next time. Overall, we had a great dining experience. Our waitress seemed to be very knowledgeable about the menu and was very helpful in making our choices. This is obvious but I have to give True Food credit for creating yummy dishes using mostly organic, flax, and gluten free. The decor was very open, airy, and Frank Lloyd Wrightish.
5	WOW!  I am very sorry that it took me so long to convince Bri D. to go here.  We went for brunch and it was amazing.  Absolutely one of the best breakfasts I have ever had.  The johnny cakes were out of this world!  They have a granola-y taste to them, are filled with blueberries, and topped with yogurt and real maple syrup.  It is this awesome combo of sweet and tart that is great.  Despite being three pancakes, they weren't heavy and dense like normal ones.  They made me feel satisfied but not "stuffed" and gave me lots of energy throughout the day.  That's exactly what the awesome waitress said they would do.I love this place!  It is beautiful inside, I love their theme, I love their concept, and I love the food.  Can't wait to try more.
4	I went here again when I got back to Phoenix after being gone for six months. This is one of my mom's favorite places to eat and I can understand why. The ravioli and the miso soup are so delicious! The wine was ok and I would recommend one of their elixirs over an alcohol beverage. Still a pretty delicious place to go in Phoenix.
4	I really like True Food. Most of my meals there have left me feeling satsified but not full. We went this Sunday for Breakfast/Brunch & sat outside, which is always nice before the impending doom of summer. We had the greek frittata and chicken hash. Unfortunately both of our meals were just "eh" but I'll go back for more again. I love the concept. Hoping for some changes to the menu soon!
4	I have been to True Food Kitchen twice. The ambiance is great. I love the little push carts of fresh herbs as you walk through the door. The smell of rosemary is intoxicating. The kitchen is open and so it can make for it being a little noisy. But nothing that is unbearable. You do get to see the staff handling the gorgeous fresh foods.So a must have for me is the Cucumber Refresher drink. It is exactly what is states...refreshing. I tend to share a bit with my friends and both times they really like my drink. So much so the first time I gave my drink to my friend and I had her ginger drink that was OK. The first time I was there I ordered the Roasted Autumn Vegetables with Farro and Figs. It was alright nothing to write home about. The farro was great. Last week I had the Edamame Dumplings for an appetizer and the Miso Glazed Black Cod for an entree. These two dishes were right on.  I was scoping out the Cod on my first outing but did not get it. Go with your first instinct. The sauces on these dishes were amazing. They were light and flavorful. Both times my friends ordered the Teriayki Brown Rice/Veggie/Meat. Don't waste your time on this dish as you can get something very similar at Pei Wei or any other Asian place. All in all I like True Food. They offer something different in a great location. They have good food and good service. I do have to say in the realm of restaurants that are going this route I would rather go to a smaller local place. It's just a choice I guess. But it is just something about the little places that is more exciting than a chain. I guess it is the feeling or intent in the preparation of the food.
4	After seeing a bunch of two star reviews from my friends, I was hesitant about going, but I'm glad I finally did.  From start to finish, the service was friendly.  The hostesses were chatty (but not too much) and super nice, and my waiter was polite, checked in on my, had good recommendations, etc.The food and drink? Ridiculously pricey. Yes. Tasty though? Also yes.  I had the garlic/mushroom/kale pizza, a combo I wouldn't have thought of putting on a pizza, yet it was delicious.  The Nojito to drink? It was ok, but not really worth $4, especially with no refills.I loved that they had the menu marked vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free. That is always much appreciated.  The atmosphere was nice, although my chair wasn't super comfy. Bathrooms were nicely designed, but not cleaned while I was in them.  I did love that you could see all the food being prepared in an open environment.I won't be back until we're ready for a fancy date night, but I'll definitely be bringing my partner here to try some of the delicious options!
3	I guess I was expecting more. While I dig the clean open vibe and the location, the menu left me wanting more. I was hoping for more wheat, soy and dairy free options... On this trip I sat at the bar and decided on the Seared Aji Sliders and was given the options of roasted sweet potatoes or the kale salad. When the waitress/bartender saw my difficulty in trying to decide she offered up half of each. That was easy! I have to agree with a few Yelpers here I will be going back for the Kale Salad. The flavor was zesty and the texture wonderful although I will ask them to pass on the crumb topping next time. And while a fan of sweet potatoes in general, I found these to be over roasted dry/chewy tidbits I chased around my plate trying to eat and generally unimpressive. As for the sliders themselves. I was wishing for more of the wasabi aoli and sprouts. I wish the sear was on a hotter grill because they ended up slightly overcooked and not really seared. For my beverage I had the Nojito.  I have had and I make something similar at home frequently  with fresh ginger, mint and fresh lemons and/or limes sweetened with either stevia, honey or agave nectar (depending on what I have on hand).  I was expecting the same quality, however the lemon juice tasted bottled and not fresh, it was just ok.  Over all I would probably go back as I do value their organic natural approach but for the price I may just stick to the options I get around the corner at Phoenix Public Market and I keep it local.
5	The Wild Ahi Sliders from True Food Kitchen come with wasabi, radishes, cucumber and a sesame brioche. Don't be mislead, the wasabi is merely a nice little portion which gives you a perfect essence, no epic nasal burns here. I ordered mine with the sweet potato hash which was absolutely amazing and the Green Arnie (Matcha Green Tea & Honey Lemonade) for my drink which was very refreshing and a perfect match. If you get the opportunity to stop in, look for Nate he's the cool guy at the bar. He'll get you squared away. True Food Kitchen is a cool place, great atmosphere, with awesome people. Highly recommended!
3	Some pictures and brief descriptions of our breakfast:http://www.donidexter.com/blog/?p=1424Knew what to expect, having been here once before.  This time though we went for breakfast on a weekday.  Breakfast is "casual" as the host kept saying, substitutions are not allowed since we were told that dishes are prepared in advance.  You order and pay at the counter for breakfast.  Service was spotty, once seated you are left alone and some parties were noticeably frustrated not to get any table service.The breakfast menu, like the regular menu, had some vegan options which were clearly marked on the menu.  The vegan smoothies were refreshing, well balanced in terms of flavor and nutrition and the perfect size.  These were the highlights of our meal.  We had the Green Monster (Apple Juice, Carrot, Kale, Cucumber, Olivello) and the Morning Glory (Apple Juice, Strawberry, Coconut, Banana).The food was forgettable, nothing stood out on any of our three plates but we still left full without the discomfort of a heavy meal.Pros: Correct portions, which leave you full and satisfied without being uncomfortableThe food is fresh and simpleNice, clean, simple build out in a space that isn't crowded and large enough to accommodate the crowdsCons:Service is unremarkableThe food can be a little plain to the point that you find yourself reciting the line "it's healthy" when prompted for your opinion.
2	not that much of a fan.  went with friends we were there kind of late.  the service was really bad.  i left hungry.  we went because of there large gluten free menu.  the food was good but not that great!
2	I came for dinner and the menu had a wide array of different foods on the menu. I went with the steak taco's and I have to say this was the first time I've put salt on my food at a restaurant. The food was just bland and didn't seem to have much flavor. I like having healthy food but, there are plenty of ways to keep things fresh and still have flavor. There wasn't anything I had worth coming back for but, there's lots on the menu. The hummus pretty good and I tried I bite of the flour less cake and it was better than I expected.
5	Fun place!  I just wish the wait on the weekends was shorter.  Yummy roasted veggie salad with pistachios and golden beets, yummy ahi sliders, chicken dishes and vegetarian options.  The wine list rocks too!  Great organic wines for CHEAP.  And the elixers they make in house are pretty tasty too!
4	True Food is awesome! It inspires me to dissect their recipes and try to cook like this at home. True food offers a variety of healthy, delicious choices. We started with the Summer Chopped Salad with a nice, light but flavorful vinaigrette dressing. It was a good mix of greens, snap peas, strawberries, walnuts, and goat cheese. It was a good-sized portion for a starter salad. I opted for the Spaghetti Squash Casserole with fresh mozzarella and tomatoes. I love it and saved the rest for lunch! My handsome dining partner tried the Natural Pan Roaster Chicken with asparagus, fennel, and farro. It was drizzled with a light sauce and was very tasty. The chicken was cooked to perfection. So believe it or not, we had room for dessert and tried the Apple-Cranberry Crumble with dairy-free maple flavor ice cream. I should have skipped the salad and had two of these! We also tried the Lemon Cake with Strawberries and Greek Yogurt. That was also pretty good but then again I usually never disagree with dessert. Other than the awesome food, the service was friendly and attentive. I love the decor as well. True Food Kitchen has an open floor plan (that never seems too loud) and a nice patio. I would highly recommend! I've dined at True Food several times and have always left satisfied. On other visits, I've tried a variety of their cocktails and enjoyed them. The Teriyaki Brown Rice with Asian Veggies is also great!
4	Love this place, love the concept. Great food.I go to this place at least two or three times a month, usually if not for any other reason then to get a Medicine Man, they make me feel good.Was recently there with a few buddies, and we enjoyed the Shrimp Dumplings the Curry Bowl tofu and the turkey Pita, everything here is always delicious and the service is top notch, the staff is very friendly and very informative.I highly suggest if you like healthy food to try this place out it is definitely worth it. The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is because I do feel it is a bit pricey. But I guess you get what you pay for more like 4 & half stars.
4	Wow, I really am disappointed that it took me so long to come here.  To be fair though, I didn't want to try it until I read their breakfast menu, where practically everything looks delectable.  In any event, we have been here for breakfast a couple times and I have enjoyed it immensely both times.On our first outing I got the blueberry quinoa johnny cakes and the mango/pineapple (or something like that) smoothie.  The johnny cakes were so good and so filling.  It was served with REAL maple syrup and complemented beautifully with a dollop of greek yogurt.  There was way too much for me to eat and it kept me energized and full for hours.  The smoothie was wonderful too, but a little pricey.The second time I went with the 2 egg breakfast that came with turkey bacon and sweet potato hash.  The eggs were surprisingly greasy compared to all my other stuff.  They still tasted good though.  The turkey bacon was surprisingly good to me, and I don't usually go along with "substitutes" like that.  The winner of the plate was definitely the sweet potato hash.  There was some seriously awesome caramelization going on in there and the potatoes were perfectly sweet, only made better with a little bit of salt.After my two visits have clearly shown me that healthy food does not mean bad tasting, I am much more inclined to try this place for dinner sometime.  I am also intrigued by the philosophies of the co-founder Dr. Andrew Weil and I would like to experience more of it through the culinary delights at True Food Kitchen.
4	I went here for a birthday celebration - for ME of course! It was excellent! Our server was completely fantastic, and even though I really disliked the drink she recommended (the honey lemon ginger with rum), her upbeat attitude was totally worth it. I'm #glutenfree and went with a pescatarian/no-cow-dairy-eating-person, so we are a match made in heaven for horrible ordering. I ordered the spaghetti squash casserole. She ordered the shrimp goat cheese pizza. I love the menu, because it spells out the ingredients (which are all pretty simple - the whole appeal of the natural hippie simple recipe theme) and lists if it's vegetarian and gluten free. The casserole was SO delicious, I would totally go back once a week to eat that! My girlfriend's order came back with cheese on the pizza, although it wasn't listed. The waitress gladly remade the pizza and apologized. See, I told you she was great! They also serve Dos Cabezas wine here - a fantastic winery in Sonoita, AZ. I suggest you get a glass when you go there. They are fantastic people and I love supporting local wineries! I had the rasberry sorbet for dessert and the pomegranate seeds really took it to a whole different level.This place is brilliant, but I'd love to try it again to see if everything else is worthy of five-stars. I hope that the rest of the wait staff is as awesome as the server we had. It's not cheap by any means, but it's worth it if you want TRUE food :)
5	This place is incredible.  Boyfriend & I went to Scottsdale to visit his Mom & we went twice that weekend!  I love that it's all fresh, organic ingredients, and I also love that while Boyfriend is on his healthy/vegan/etc. kick, this is a place that more than suits both our needs!  Our first trip was dinner; I had a turkey wrap thing that was v. v. good...Boyfriend had the kale garlic pizza (which, just, wow, no words!), and Boyfriend's Mom had grilled salmon which she thought was v. v. good also!  I loved their selection of interesting & different drinks, also!We came back for lunch a couple days later--I just had the margarita pizza, Boyfriend had a pizza with manchego, I think (?) and peppers, and Boyfriend's Mom had the kale pizza that BF had a couple nights prior.  Definitely high marks, still, for lunch!All in all it was a really great experience...unfortunately, there aren't any in California, but we were told that they are opening one in Newport Beach and one in Santa Monica (YAYYY!) in a year or two!  This is SUCH a California place--once they get out here, I think they will do very well!
4	I've been wanting to check this place out for awhile but it got put on the back-burner after a few too many "meh" reviews from my friends.  I must say that I'm glad I finally went to see for myself!I was in the mood for a light & tasty breakfast in the sunshine, which is exactly what i got!  I went by myself, early (8:30am) on a sunday morning before the hustle and bustle of the mall made me feel like i was - well, sitting beside the parking lot at the mall.The ambiance was actually surprisingly refreshing and quiet - the bright yellows & whites offering a nice segway to the morning.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  I started with a T-eight - a yummy veggie juice that was served on ice with a fresh sprig of mint.  I ordered the Wild Sockeye Salmon Lox which is absolutely deeelish!  This is one of my favorite breakfast items when done well, and True Food did not disappoint with their version served on toasted grain bread with labneh cheese, capers and onion slivers.  There were several things on the menu that peaked my interest and I can't wait to return to try them.  One of the best breakfast spots I've been to in awhile.. oh and if you park in the paid lot directly in front of the restaurant, they will validate your parking ticket for you :)
4	Another one of the fabulous culinary masterpieces of Fox Restaurants. Went here for dinner on a Thursday night with the BF. The 25 minute wait for a table was well worth it, even though we had scoped out the neighboring competition. The concept is inspiring and the food options excite my taste buds. I am willing to pay a little extra for healthy, sustainable foods- it's the San Fran in me.We started with the sashimi tuna salad. Loaded with fresh veggies, generous amount of tuna mixed with a light and zesty ginger dressing. Our main dish was the spaghetti squash casserole which they split for us half with chicken and half without for me, the quasi-sporadic vegetarian.For dessert, the flourless chocolate cake was delightful. Although, I should have ordered my own to avoid the vulture-like antics as we both inhaled every scrumptious morsel. My learned sophistication reminded me that licking the plate is unacceptable. Bottom-line: I would come back for the atmosphere, service and ostensible bio-dynamic food!
3	Consider yourself a devout heath nut? Is your preferred shopping companion a shi-poodle, schnoodle or labradoodle? Sam Fox and Dr. Andrew Weil have built you a beautiful place of worship inside the Biltmore Fashion Park. (Rumors say a chain of the restaurants will soon satisfy coastal California lettuce eaters)We began with two "green" apps. I loved the simple Tuscan kale salad ($6) topped with parmesan, olive oil and toasted bread crumbs. It was crisp and lemony with a warming amount red pepper flakes. The green herby hummus ($8)  had a sour smack (in a good way) while the accompanying pita bread was tasty but powdered with a little too much loose flour.Next up, the diver scallops ($22) were the highlight of the night. Five well-seared sea creatures on a mix of black rice, lotus chips and peas were bathed in sweet ponzu. I will be back for this.My friend's wild ahi sliders ($13) were alright, but this typically wouldn't be my pick on a menu anyway. Not worth writing about.Finally, desserts were easy winners. He scored a flourless chocolate cake topped with vanilla ice cream and caramel. My lemon olive oil cake shined with an easily delish combo of  strawberries and mint dolloped with tangy yogurt.Sit on the patio and you might just see the wild schnoodle roaming the sidewalks.Yes. I really do enjoy TFK for a light meal and glass of wine at a reasonable price. Appetizers and salads are always pleasing. In fact, could order the Tuscan kale salad and a cocktail and instantly feel California chic-y. The restaurant itself is spacious with a patio perfect for dog/people watching.
3	Went here for my friend's birthday on a Friday night. The wait was only 10-15 min and the staff was very nice in putting the cake I brought in the fridge and bringing it out with candles. A little expensive but the food is good and the stmosphere is nice. I just wish it were brighter so I could see my food and I wish they would have warned that the sweet potato hash isn't very good. Overall it was a nice experience but i wouldn't travel the 20 min and pay 20 bucks to eat here often
3	I'll agree that the fairly unique menu at True Food is what will draw folks in and the decor is beautiful, but the sales nature of the service and the talk up of menu items is enough to make me pause before I think about heading back. I enjoyed the ahi sliders but didn't feel like I couldn't get them somewhere else for less money and less pushy service. That said, I think people need to give True Food a try and decide for themselves. It's a beautiful restaurant and having a place that serves healthy, albeit somewhat pricey, food is important in our fast food nation. On the plus side, the Natural Refreshment drinks are delicious. Especially the Cucumber Refresher. But at $4, I wouldn't mind a free refill.I may not head back while the memory of my not truly terrible, but not terrific experience is fresh, but I'll give it some time and reconsider.
4	My friend and I headed over to True Food for a Sunday lunch after hiking Piestewa Peak and this place hit the spot. I thought the food and fresh juices were very reasonably priced. Especially considering the beautiful decor and quality of the food.  Lovely for a spring afternoon and good company.
4	This time around we had the lentil & turkey sausage soup, ahi sliders, turkey pita and of course the ahi salad. Solid!
3	I over-hyped myself on this one. Chris and I liked our lunches while the less healthy eaters amongst us were not impressed. Service and decor were fabulous, and I felt good knowing I was eating well but something was missing. It's no Chaco Canyon (Seattle), but it's no Chez Panisse in a mall either. Maybe it just needs to blaze its own trail for a while.If I lived close by, I'd certainly meet people there for lunch but maybe not worth going out of my way for, and I'm a HUGE Dr. Weil fan.
5	Great tasting food, that leaves you feeling totaly satisfied and healthier then when you came in.
4	I'm surprised the reviews for True Food aren't a little better. It's true that it's on the expensive side and there is a sales nature to the waiters, but if you want to eat some really amazing salads or a healthy lunch that won't leave you feeling weighed down, this is a great spot. Their salad with farm vegetables with manchego and the sashimi tuna salad are two of my favorites.
2	We went to True Food on Camelback for lunch. My husband had the asparagusand smoked mozzarella pizza ($11) and I ordered the steak tacos ($14).While the food was good, it lacked in flavor. I am sure the finest organic ingredients were used but the beans that accompanied my street tacos were probably the tastiest part of both meals.For the price and the portion size I would not recommend the same things we ordered. It might be my fault for ordering the steak tacos at a "shi-shi" restaurant but to be fair at $14 I was expecting the best steak tacos I've ever had. I mean at least filet mignon quality meat. At best the meat was a crusty black-seared ribeye, which isn't bad but could easily be made at home.Cheaper and tasty alternatives: Two Hippies Pizza Shack and America's Taco Shop, both not too far away.
1	Sooo disappointed. Arrived here yesterday with a friend at about 4:15pm. Seated promptly. An over bubbly petite girl approached our table.. (you know the kind.. TGI Fridays "flare" type) speaking in cheerleading tones, we'll call her "bubbles" letting us know our server would be with us in a minute.. right as our server arrived.  There were maybe 5 tables sat including ours in all areas of the restaurant and Ill be damned if our poor server wasnt waiting on every single one of them.. which explains why she wasnt very attentive. Not really her fault..Our food did arrive in a timely fashion delivered by "Bubbles". My friend had ordered the squash casserole and had asked if bread was available for her to order and the attitude and outright snottiness of bubbles next comment decided the gratuity and the fact we will never go back. She said " we dont have bread.. this isnt the Outback." You should have seen the looks on our faces.  She then catches herself and says we have pita and my friend staes "nevermind, that's not what I was looking for". Bubbles goes away and comes back with an order of pita anyway. We sat in silence for a good 5 minutes.. apalled at that little bitch's outburst. As a manager I would have fired her on the spot for speaking to a patron in that manner. After the "incident" and our meal was finished, the plates were cleared and we sat...and sat while our server tended to the rest of her tables. Meanwhile there are 5 servers doing sidework right in front of us.. including Bubbles (who mind you was leaning over the sidework table laughing and not helping her coworkers at all). We made eye contact with several of them hoping they would notice we were looking for our server and nothing. We had actually wanted dessert but by the time our server finally showed we just wanted to leave. Im sure our server would have been great had she had any form of assistance from her coworkers. But the snottiness of the self righteous self entitled Bubbles was inexcusable.Im sure you're wondering about the food.. it's decent but not anything amazing..too many restaurants in Phoenix to come back here for their food, let alone to be talked down to by the staff.Oh and also, we were told their tomatoes are flown in from tuscany.. Seriously? In this economy you're flying tomatoes in from Italy and not supporting your local markets..FAIL
2	I was a fan of this restaurant until this morning.    A few weeks back -- at the end of a morning run --  I saw that True Foods was open for breakfast.    I've stopped there sporadically and I've been, well, underwhelmed.     I liked the carrot bread well enough to return since it was moist and had good ingredients.     I tried the muffin that was second on the list and found it so forgettable I can't remember the ingredients.   Today was the worst.     I stopped by for carrot bread to go.    When I got home, I realized it was stale.    Dry.    Hard.    I should have returned it but needed to get my day going.    So, instead I am warning fellow Yelp-ers who order any baked goods:    Check when it was made.
4	03/11/10Had a fantastic breakfast today!!  After a meeting at work, I asked a couple of coworkers if they'd like to join me for breakfast.  One is a health nut like me, so I knew he'd be up for breakfast at TFK.  Thank goodness I'd mentioned for them to look for The Cheesecake Factory, or they'd never have found the place.  (BTW, what is up w/ the paid parking there these days?  It had been awhile since I'd been there last, and I was much relieved to find that two-hour parking is free w/ validation, or I'd have to stop dining at The Biltmore.)After waiting a long while for them to arrive, I went ahead and placed my order for Wild Sockeye Salmon Lox since it didn't seem like my coworkers were going to make it (no contact #s and they weren't familiar w/ the area) and I either read breakfast hours wrong online, or the times had been extended (the website currently posts correct hours), and I wanted to have breakfast, not lunch!  While I waited for my food, said coworkers showed up and stood around not knowing what to order.  I suggested that one of them try the Quinoa Blueberry Johnny Cake, and he readily did when he noticed that ALL included ingredients were on his list of cholesterol-reducing foods!  The other wanted to see what organic eggs tasted like, so she had the Two Organic Eggs.  [I'll go easy on her... she's not a foodie! ;)]The lox dish was a beauty, and it tasted even more exquisite! Generous portions of wild sockeye salmon sat on six charred grain bread (made in-house, and, as far as I could tell, indeed had many grains, as well as ribbons of thinly-sliced carrots), creamy labneh cheese (oh my!), and onions, plus sliced cherry tomatoes.  I practically inhaled this platter of food, it was so delectable!  I was almost finished w/ this selection when my coworker's johnnycakes arrived.  Yes, I said cakes-- the menu alluded to just the one.  His plate included three beautiful johnnycakes, with blueberries cooked within, as well as fresh blueberries added on top of a huge dollop of Greek yogurt and Maple Grove Farms' organic maple syrup (no need to reach into my purse for my own!  LOL).  He was gracious enough to let me sample, and so I did!  I was greedy enough to order my own plate of johnnycakes-- I ate all but half of a cake!The other coworker hardly touched her breakfast.  Maybe she wasn't hungry.  Maybe she didn't like the taste of organic eggs?  Maybe, maybe.03/23/10Came back for more quinoa blueberry johnnycakes AND a take-out of savory Greek frittata!  As pictured, the open-faced omelet, which included organic eggs, slices of red onion, kalamata olives, tomato, feta, and oregano, didn't look appetizing, but don't believe your eyes!  This tasty selection was highly-satisfying, and I'm sure, given its chance to make its debut graced over a pristine plate, it would have made for some quality food porn!  ;)  Check out the portion size of accompanying grain bread!  Look closely, and you can spot some of those carrot strands I wrote about earlier...I really must try dinner here someday, but only if I can secure that private room in the back.  It's too noisy out in the main dining room...
3	Four of us stopped here for a late lunch on 3/19. We were all starving and our first choice, Zinburger in the same shopping mall, was closed for some reason. For a second choice, True Food was pretty good. It's like all the Fox Restaurants I've been to - open kitchen concept, young staff, loud music with a modern-industrial feel. The first thing the waiter told us while handing us menus was that one of the restaurant co-owners is Dr. Andrew Weil. He went on to explain how healthy and organic their menu selections are. Apparently this is their standard opening line to every customer since I heard it mentioned to other diners around us. My daughter and I had the raw fish special which was served sliced sashimi-style topped with a sesame-miso sauce alongside thinly shredded carrots and cukes. It was very good with an appetizing presentation. I had the wild ahi sliders. The waiter warns that it's cooked raw. It came with sweet potato hash. The sliders were delicious, slightly warm and very flavorful. The sweet potato hash was tough and cold and had probably been sitting around for too long. The shrimp dumplings appetizer (you get 6) were also very tasty as was the chicken pizza that our guests had. Hubby decided to go vegetarian and had the Miso Soup and Vegetable Caeser Salad, both of which were filling enough for him. They also have specialty drinks that weren't really worth the cost. Hubby's Cucumber Refresher was pretty tasteless and my Green Arnie was weak. The atmosphere was loud and energetic. The kitchen is right there and they don't care if they're banging pots, pans and dishes everywhere. We were there at the end of the busy lunch hour when the restaurant had emptied out and it was still pretty loud. Service was quick. Our food arrived within 15 minutes of ordering them and they all arrived at the same time. Our waiter was helpful and friendly and he did check on us a couple of times but took care not to hover. It's a good place to eat if you want "healthy" choices and don't want to think too hard about it. I don't know that I'd come back here again, especially if Zinburber was open!
5	Being vegan, it is very hard to find good healthy restaurants in this city that offer vegetarian and vegan options. Love this place!
3	Dear True Food executive chef,Spices and flavor are organic too!The food was good, it was just bland.I ordered an iced green tea, got black tea.  Whatever, I still drank it since it arrived while I was in the restroom and couldn't immediately send it back and I was thirsty.We shared a hummus appetizer which was really good and obviously very fresh.  Even better when the onions, feta, olives were included in my scoop.Next up was what sounded very delicious, the soup du jour: saffron potato.  I added quite a bit of pepper to it so it had some flavor.  It wasn't bad by any means.  I ate two spoonfuls that had saffron in them and those were tasty bites.  I really wished there would have been more saffron in my cup of saffron soup.I ordered the chicken sausage pizza.  The marinara sauce was sweet and I don't like sweet marinara.  I gave half my pizza to other diners to try.  It needed something like onions or peppers to compliment the taste of the sweet marinara and mild chicken sausage.One of the other diners ordered the chicken with asparagus which was very moist and tender, mainly because it was cooked and served with the skin on.  Overall, it was ok.  I'm not going to request to go here ever.  If someone is having a dinner or lunch here, I'd probably meet up with them later.  I think this place is fantastic for people that eat healthy or have sensitive stomachs.  It's not really the ideal restaurant for people who think of dining out as a possible adventure.
4	True Food has so much going for it - a well thought out menu, delicious flavor combinations, a killer kids' menu, and good service.  We've been many, many times, and have always enjoyed ourselves.  The Husband and I particularly like the menu coding system (vegetarian? gluten-free? you know EXACTLY what you can/can't order).  The mock-tails are deliciously refreshing... light, bright flavors that just taste good for you!  The Husband swears by the crudite appetizer... and even I, who doesn't always love the green things, really enjoyed it.  The curry dish is my personal fave, and the carne asada tacos are pretty darn good, too.  The kids' gluten-free pasta with red sauce, greens (kale??), and lots of cheese is enormous and totally worth the money.  A good stand-by place, especially when we're feeling like eatin' some healthy stuff :)
4	Attended an amazing event in which Dr. Andrew Weil hosted and provided a wealth of fantastic information pertaining to diet, health and cooking.  I really hope something else along these lines might be presented again.  Luved all the samples of the new menu, which included smoothies, tofu breakfast wrap (surprisingly good!) pistachio loaf, yummy pancakes, and yummy granola & greek yogurt.  I appreciate that all their ingredients are upheld in very high standards, and they are being recognized all over, hence opening in other locations such as Scottsdale Quarter (will be much closer for me to visit) and in California.
3	Food was tasty, and there was a wide range of cuisines on the menu, but my putanesca wasn't anything special.  I was most appreciative of the non-alcoholic beverage selection, and opted for the Nojito.  It was not as good as the mojitos I remember from pre-pregnancy, but at least it wasn't plain water.Service was fine, though the whole atmosphere was a tad pretentious, imo.
5	I love this place, and every time I go I'm never disappointed. Last night I reserved the private dinning room for a group of my patients and our health/wellness meet-up group. I had a great time! The private dining room is nice because it's quite enough to have a conversation with the entire table. The downside is that it only holds 12 people. I had the caramelized onion tart (loved it!), the farmers salad (wonderful spicy sesame dressing!) and the roasted veggies with farro (loved the farro!). And don't forget dessert, - loved the flour-less chocolate cake (dark chocolate with a hint of sweetness)This place is awesome and everything on the menu is healthy and tasty!!
5	Smoothies and Omelets and Johnny Cakes Oh My!True Food Kitchen is by far one of my favorite spots in the Valley, and definitely my favorite Fox concept.  I was a huge fan before, but now with the addition of breakfast on the menu, I could eat at TFK for every meal and never get bored... While I have my favorite menu items for each meal, I do mix it up now and again.  However,  do not - I repeat, do not go to TFK for breakfast unless you are going to get at least one order of the Quinoa Blueberry Johnny Cakes for the table.  Served with pure maple syrup and Greek yogurt, this dish is a godsend from heaven!  And while I'm here updating my original TFK review, I have to add that service is always fabulous.  Damon has a special place in my heart as he was my first ever server, and continues to be friendly and attentive when I get seated in his section, but I've had numerous other servers, and they've all been awesome.  I hope that the new Scottsdale Quarter location will be just as successful as this one.Until next time, TFK - see you soon!
4	True Food Kitchen is another successful Fox Restaurant Concept.  Along with the other two places I have tried, 'Olive and Ivy' and 'Montana Avenue', I have yet to be disappointed by a meal by this company.  I would advise checking out their other places as well.The service was a bit slow, but the food was really good and good for you.The drink I got was really different and refreshing called New Moon (pink grapefruit soda water and agave nectar).  They have lots of different drinks to choose from.  I had Ahi tuna sliders and for dessert flowerless chocolate cake.  All of it was really good and I did not feel heavy or that feeling  of needing to sit down at home in front of the television for an hour after eating a meal.  I will return hungry and order some other drink on the list.  After words I might be doing yoga.The thing with healthy food I find is that you end up trying to keep up with it, and if you are in the Biltmore area I would check it out.Recommendation: To anyone who is a healthy eater and everyone that shops at whole foods.  To people who are vegans and non alike that just want a good meal come to true food kitchen.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the valley, and my husband agrees!Today I had the TLT (Tempeh, Lettuce, and Tomato) with a side of steamed Kale. AWESOME! (Although next time I will ask for no mayo, and was that parmesean on the Kale? Delicious, but I avoid dairy, and try to eat vegan.) Omni hubby went vegan with the steamed vegetables and farro (wheat berries). A few months back, we had Sunday brunch there, and I had the scrambled tofu and soy chorizo wrap, which was also very good. My only complaint is the popularity of this place means that there is a wait for lunch, even on a 115-degree day. Also, because of the utliltarian kitchen decor and the crowd, it can be noisy. But the food and the service will keep me coming back.
3	The food was fresh n healthy, a little over priced for the portions.
4	Let me just begin by saying that I am a huge fan of Fox Restaurant Concepts.  I had heard so much about True Food Kitchen, so I decided to grab a quick bite to eat.  While previously on their website, I was drooling over their Ahi Tuna Sliders; as a result, I ordered them.  I must add that I believe that wasabi (a prominent flavor) BELONGS with anything ahi related.  These sliders came with a wasabi aioli, but it was very bland, and you could not even identify that wasabi was involved.  I asked if there was another wasabi sauce available that was stronger, but instead, the chef gave me a Sriracha aioli which was more mayonnaise (again) than anything else.  The server saw that I was still not enjoying the sandwich (it all lacked flavor, even the fish), so she had the chef make a stronger aioli.  It was ALMOST there.  It was not even hot, only a hit of wasabi.  I know that everyone has a different heat preference, but all I was asking was to TASTE the wasabi.  I needed lunch and needed to jet so I finished the meal with the last wasabi aioli attempt.  I was ready to pay, and to my surprise, the server comped my meal!  It was a pleasant surprise.  I was not impressed at all by my first experience with the food, but because of the nice gesture by the server, I will return again.  True Food Kitchen has a great atmosphere and a friendly and attentive staff.  Try it for yourself. :)
3	After reading the menu items, you immediately realize that you are going to get some good all-natural food.  Many varied things on the menu which all looked intriguing.  I ordered the Pan Roasted Chix with asparagus and fennel which was the waiter's recommendation.  The chicken was juicy and tasted fresh but nothing special.
3	Ingredients are fresh.Service is pristine.The tofu and bean dish with brown rice was aright.I liked the pineapple drink I had.Wasn't a big fan of the zucchini baked pasta though.Its long thin sliced zucchini instead of pasta, and the texture just isn't right.On the pricy side but most of it seems healthy.I guess I can't have both health and taste.
3	5/29/10Came in after a failed attempt to dine at Zin Burger next door (I ended up ordering only the sweet potato fries there- not good.  Very soggy.).  Nice friendly greeting at the door, and I was seated right away.  (Sad to see TFK's business was much slower than that of ZB's.)Ordered my favorite, the onion tart, but I also wanted to try something new- the Columbia River steelhead salmon, which the menu promised it comes with shiso (red or green leafy greens), lime, avocado (hold the avo, please!), and cilanto aioli.  It is served on the bread made in-house.  For dessert, I tried the chocolate muffin/cake w/ organic butter ice cream, organic chocolate sauce, and cocoa nibs (!).The salmon sandwich was excellent!!  Everything that comprised this sandwich was fabulous, from the whole-grain and veggie bread and the lime and cilantro aioli slathered on it, to the oh-so-moist medium-rare salmon, tomato, and the not-so-usual leafy topping, shiso.  It took all my willpower to not eat the entire thing!  I wish I could say the same about the kale salad and sweet potato hash...  The kale was so tough to chew.  However, chewing wouldn't have been such a task if the kale wasn't also very dry!  My salad was pretty rough, so I abandoned it right away.  [I know that kale is SO VERY good for me, but sometimes what's good for my health isn't so great for my digestive system :( ]  I wasn't a fan of their hash in the past, and tonight's side dish didn't win me over, either.  I won't give it another chance.  Another disappointment was the onion tart.  First, the presentation left me wondering who took a chunk off my plate and ate it?  No, this was just how it was assembled and baked, I was told.  Variances, he said.  The exquisite crunch I so loved in this pizza was gone, and so was the flavor.  Very bland.  Another menu item I must cross of my list :( Oh, but the dessert!!  Very moist cake, which sat on silky, rich organic dark chocolate sauce, with lovely (!) crushed cocoa nibs- loved that crunch!  I think I surprised my server by guessing correctly what those nibs were!  (I've had them before in trail snack bags from Whole Foods.)  The best part?  Why, the homemade butter ice cream!  I need to go back and have another scoop (or two!) very soon...Excellent service- very informative.  Kudos to my server who never showed impatience after having to answer all of my questions- some of which he had to go back to the kitchen a few times, too!  Thank you very much!
4	The Nojito's are fantastic!  I find mojitos a bit too sweet but the nojitos never are.  I had the salmon sandwich with the kale salad and the sweet potato hash.  I've had the salmon before (fresh, thick, tender) and the kale salad (the kale is cooked but far from limp and comes sprinkled with what appears to be parmesan cheese and bread crumbs). Today, I also had the sweet potato hash (sweet potato and caramelized onions - yum!) and that plus the nojito are reason enough to go.  My friend had a chicken salad and a medicine man drink.  He wasn't wowed by the salad which consisted of your basic salad with chicken but he said he'd try the place again. The place is pricey though.  The sandwich was around $15, and the nojito might have run $5? Went at 12:30 on a weekday and the place was packed.  We had to wait about 15 minutes.  It's easier to get in right away at dinner.
4	I am going to give this place 4 stars for brunch.  I had the fruit parfait, which was phenomenal and a smoothie--strawberry/banana/etc.  The service initially was spot on, but as the meal progressed and after we got our bill the waitress literally disappeared, not sure if she got off her shift??? I would def recommend this place for brunch!  Nice ambiance and cool how the food prep is out for everyone to see!
3	As a vegan, I've eaten here a few times and my dishes have been hit or miss.  The delicious ones are the Edamame Dumplings (amazing!), Tofu Stir Fry and the Hummus and Pita Plate.  When I ordered the Seasonal Roasted Vegetable plate, all that came out were 3 different types of potatoes and some carrots.  The non-vegan options that my friends and family get are usually amazing and my favorite thing on the menu besides the dumplings is the Vegan Chocolate Pudding.  Also took away one star cuz it's overpriced (lots of upcharges, $5 for a glass of iced tea).
4	I've traveled to Phoenix several times for business trips and stayed at the Ritz. True Foods was my go to spot in Phoenix because it was right across the street from the hotel. I love this restaurant for the casual vibe and healthy food. My favorite dishes are the Edamame Dumplings and the Miso Glazed Black Cod. It was often hard to get out of work for lunch, so coming to True Foods at the end of the day was always a treat. I only wish they had one in San Francisco!
5	Always fresh food and the staff is always friendly and helpful.The resturant and bathrooms always have been very clean also.I LOVE the Quinoa Taboulleh salad! Yummy!Its a nice change of pace for vegans, vegetarians and gluten free meals!
4	Yet another GREAT Fox Restaurant Concept - actually probably my favorite of all of them!  My wife and I had dinner here on Valentine's Day with another couple.  They had an enticing prix fixe menu that we couldn't pass up.The server was friendly, even though we were there right up until close, and the food was very good.  I had the Herb Hummus as an appetizer and the Steak Tacos for my entree.  The hummus was delicious.  The tacos were also very good - I would have them again - but they fell apart very easily, which was a bit of a turnoff.More than anything, you have to appreciate a mainstream restaurant like True Food dedicating itself to using seasonal, locally grown, organic food as much as possible.  That alone will make me return for another meal soon!
5	Everything on the menu is worth trying! Not everything is organic or natural, but they have a decent selection and use pretty good ingredients.  I really seek out good organic spots, hard to find, True Food is pretty good.My Top Picks:Beverage: Medicine Man ElixirSalad: Greek Chopped w/ ChickenSandwich: Columbia River Salmon w/ lime & avocadoEntree:  Spaghetti Squash CasseroleSides:  Farro!!  (It's awesome, sweet with dates.) Usually busy around lunch, call ahead and put your name on the list!  But even if you don't, there's plenty of room, and they turn tables quick, so you can get in and out in under an hour if you need to.  They are the official catering restaurant of the Phx Suns.  They must like it, because i was there for lunch this Friday and Grant Hill walked in.  Good spot for lunch in the Biltmore!
3	On our mid-day adventures my friend and I ended up here. I was hesitant but, she wanted to try it and upon the glowing recommendations of the shop owner we were at previously and yelp we went. So here it goes:Service:We were seated promptly and the hostess was nice enough. Our waiter was obviously bored. As soon as we sat down he began hanging over us asking our drink orders...we did need more than 2 seconds to scan the menu. Its great he was attentive and tried to be helpful, it was just a little much. Atmosphere:Trendy and the music was LOUD. It was very clean. Food:Small portions and unimpressive. We split the hummus which for its price should have been enough to share, but really was a build for one plate. The vegetables were good and crisp, the hummus was decent but was nothing special. Ravioli with Pesto - Weird and boring. Apparently they usually put Red pepper and corn on top, which I can't really fathom as being good. It was okay, again nothing special, also small and pricey. Drinks:Hangover RX - I didn't like this at all, and I believe it was $4? Medicine Man - It reminded me of a watered down cranberry juice. It had some flavor but, very light. $6. We ended up spending $50 bucks for lunch, so plan to pay.In my opinion, this place isn't anything special, and its basically just reaping the benefits of the ongoing health trend.
4	sadly, they took the wild sockeye salmon lox off the menu.. *sniff sniff*(but the spaghetti squash casserole i tried was a great alternative!)
5	Oh my goodness I wish there was one of these in Denver!  I LOVE that this restaurant offers vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options.  My first trip here I got the butternut squash ravioli (which I don't see on the menu anymore, boo!) and it was perfect! It was spicy, sweet, savory, and creamy all at the same time.  I also had a super-tasty mock-tail called Cucumber Refresher (sooooooooo DELICIOUS).  On a couple other visits I got a cashew-curry pasta dish with chicken (normally with tofu, but they put chicken in it for me....I also don't see this on the online menu...sad face) that was creamy and it makes me drool just remembering how tasty it was.  I LOVE that the restaurant also strives to buy local and be eco-friendly (the staff even wears American Apparel uniforms because they are made in the USA).  I miss living near this place!
4	A couple of beers, a chicken sausage pizza and an order of spaghetti squash...what a great lunch in a posh location.  A much needed escape from a really hot summer day.  Our very helpful server  went through the entire food pyramid, and told us about Dr. Weil's quest to serve tasty healthy foods while utilizing his pyramid.  Truthfully, healthy was just a bonus and hopefully helped to fight off the negative effects of the two beers I downed however I did think that the food was really fresh and full of flavor.  So much so, that I find myself driving around my home town of Oahu wishing we had one of these restaurants here.  The decor lends itself to a mod industrial green vibe with tan wooden floors, metal chairs white stone counters and pot lights you might see in a 1930's meat packing plant.  Very chic, and very Scottsdale.  Apparently they have a good breakfast and dinner menu as well.  I'll make sure to come back next time I'm in town.  In the mean time, I'll just keep hoping one comes to Honolulu.
4	This is a nice spot on the edge of a mall.  Headliner here is "great food, but very very loud" - so loud that you can't have a reasonable conversation over your meal.I started with a drink - "the natural" - ginger, agave and soda.  This is a very refreshing drink.  I really wanted more, but it's a little expensive to have a lot of them.  We then moved on to an appetizer of caramalized onion tart, with smoked garlic, black fig & gorgonzola.  Again, very delicious, and definitely a keeper.  The main course was halibut street tacos, side of beans with cojita cheese and salsa.  These were just the right size for a lunch entree.  Everything has that organic thing going for it - fresh ingredients, well prepared.  If this place wasn't so loud, I would consider it for lunch every day I was in Phoenix.
5	Loved it!  Everything was so fresh and clean!!!  Best green iced tea ever! I could eat here every single day. Healthy food and good cocktails what's not to like?!
4	Food is good.  Service is pretty good.Its a restaurant that definitely reminds you of LA, as it is very loud in there.Definitely will go back.
4	The menu has a little something for everyone and the kitchen is amenable to customization. I enjoy the fresh, local ingredients and the seasonal changes.A nice selection of wines, coupled with organic cocktails and fresh juices are available.Of course, the biggest draw is Dr. Weil's partnership, although if you've read his books there are some selections counter to his recommendations.The inside is loud (and dark at night), but there is also outdoor seating that is much calmer.
3	I had lunch here and had the sashimi tuna salad. It was fresh and tasty. I also ordered the miso soup which was actually quite good. Real chopped mushrooms and scallions and it wasn't too salty. It didn't taste like standard powdered miso that you would get at an average japanese restaurant. I also tried the cucumber lemonade which was quite good. Overall the service was attentive and our food came out promptly. My coworker had the seared tuna sliders and sweet potato hash which he looked pleased with. The portions were perfect for what we were in the mood for which was just something really light. It's a great place for lunch, the ambiance is nice especially if you're sitting on the patio. I'm not a huge fan of fusion style restaurants so it gets a 3 star rating out of me, but it's a nice place for a quick healthy meal if you're in the area.
5	I love it. We come at a busy night but the staff still enough for us not to wait long. We are seated and given a couple of water. The waitress is really nice. Since it is my first time, my friend order foods for us. Yes, the idea of organic food kind of but me in a mood "Healthy food - not taste good." But it amazing how the food taste. You can taste the texture and sweetness of the veges. I like the pizza the best. Taste different than normal pizza but still have the flavor in it. I definitely come back for this. (Already ask for few business card)
5	Though I was sad to learn Coffee Plantation was gone, Fox has done a great job with this new restaurant. Clean, fantastic foods with veg, began, and gluten free options that are great on taste! Service was outstanding and our first visit was memorable. Will be back on our next visit to Phoenix.
4	Too many great things on the menu to pick from! Great place!!!! I will be back! :)
5	My family and I were visiting my sister over Thanksgiving, and we tried out this place for brunch.  I was impressed with everything about this place.  The food is delicious, but is uniquely creative and healthy.  The menu is filled with wholesome entrees, ranging from meaty to vegan, and all the options are tasty.  I ordered the tofu scramble wrap, and to my family's surprise it was the best dish ordered (although the quinoa jack cakes, the date-pistachio-espresso-banana muffin, and good ole scrambled eggs and turkey bacon were delicious too).What tops this place off to a 5-star rating is the great ambience, with both outdoor and indoor seating options, the attentive and informative wait staff, and the innovative kitchen.  It is completely open to air, with the servers working at prep stations.  You can watch them prepare your food, or pull salmon fresh from the icebox to be cleaned.Amazing.  If I lived in Phoenix, I would be here all the time!
4	WOW a place where I can eat what I've been putting on my face all this time.  Dr. Weil's magic potions.  His anti-flammatory diet is great if you're inflamed...I'm not, but I like the hummus and veggies for 8 bucks.  The sweet lady that calls me sweetie when I come in is surprising but I love someone that can be THAT happy at work...brings me back to an episode of Spongebob where Squidword was afraid to NOT smile or human resource aka a big fish that beat the crap out of you...would take you in the back and 'chat'.  I hope that's not the case here but you get what I mean about the creepy happiness.  I recommend this place when guests ask me where to go  because it feels local but it's not. I like that I can say it's locally inspired.  You definitely won't feel bad eating here, but you may just run into MoJo next door to balance it out.
4	If today was my first time at True Food Kitchen, I would probably give it one or two stars only, but because I've been there a few times, I have to give it more.  I went for breakfast today and the service was just terrible.  We ordered coffee to drink, and the cups sat empty for almost the entire meal until we were able to flag down another waitress.  Same case for the syrup for our pancakes, and we were one of four tables there... that's just not acceptable.  But the shining star is the food- I just LOVE the food here.  I've been for every meal and there is always something I love.  The quinoa blueberry johnny cakes are wonderful for breakfast and the salmon is great for dinner.  I also love their elixir's- the green arnie and cucumber refresher are my faves- super refreshing!! If you're going to try True Food, and I definitely think you should, I suggest going for dinner when the service is so much better!
4	Bottom line-  Consistently good healthy food! I have visited here over a dozen times and typically walk away feeling full, but not overly so.  I love the organic drink menu and if you are in the mood, the organic vodka ;) Place is veggie, vegan, and gluten-free friendly.  Service is a little scattered at times, but nothing notably bad.  The sunday brunch is also excellent.  The mock chorizo is amazing!!
5	One of my favorite places to eat. The dishes are incredibly unique and the atmosphere is perfect. The portions aren't too big and I always leave feeling healthier. I can't imagine a more perfect concept for a restaurant. I have no complaints!!
4	We went here while on a trip home to visit family.  Our foodie friends told us about this place so we made the drive from The QC to check it out.  We went on a Monday night and it wasn't too busy.  We waited about 10 minutes for a table for 4.  They have some unique refreshments and we opted for The Natural and the Hangover Rx.  Between the two, the Hangover Rx was better...tasty.We had the Hummus for an appetizer and it was VERY good...some of the best I've had outside of Haji Baba.  The pita's didn't hold a cancle to hand-made ones from Haji Baba or other middle eastern places, but they were good and fresh.For a salad we split the Chicken Chopped salad...fantastic. and portioned appropriately...everything was fresh.My wife ordered the steak tacos and I had the Panang Curry for our entrees.  Both were delicious.  The panang was surprisingly spicy for a restaurant curry (without asking my desired heat level) but I like it like that so it was perfect for me.  I don't normally like brown rice, but couldn't tell the difference in my dish...it was very, very good.The restaurant boasts about fresh, sustainable and organic foods and you can tell...all the other dishes I saw coming out of the kitchen appeared that way as well.I would have given 5 stars, but the service was a little slow for what appeared like a normal night that wasn't too busy.  It took longer than normal for our entrees I felt, especially when appetizer and salad came out almost immediately.  If they could fine tune service, it would be an even better dining experience.When we come back to AZ again and looking for a fresh place to go, I'd definitely consider True Food again...and would recommend it to anyone.Sorry, no desserts on this trip to speak of...too full.
5	Friendly staff! Fresh, healthy, yummy food! I love the Quinoa tabouleh with roasted beets! A perfect lunch spot!
4	I really like this place.  I can come, order an appetizer and an entree and not feel guilty.  Warning, the desserts here aren't great.  The juices and waters are tasty but a bit expensive for the sizes.  It's basically spa food, but slightly larger portions.  The hummus is delicious.  I generally order the kale or the quinoia salad.  I also love the farrow which is cooked with black figs and is salty and sweet.  The edamame dumplins are raved about by others, but I find them too salty.  For the love of god, stay away from the flat bread pizzas.  They taste horrible.  Other than that, the rest of the menu is tasty and healthy.
3	Very nice place with good staff. I had the Turkey bolognese and flourless chocolate cake. Both tasted great but the portions are unnecessarily small. When i pay $14 for a bowl of pasta I want the bowl full. All people with a gluten intolerance are not dieting women. Some like me are 200lb gym-going men. Similarly the tiny scoop of vanilla ice cream was not enough to wash down the small chocolate cake cupcake. Come on guys, don't skimp on inexpensive ingredients.
4	Seeing as it's January and I'm self-imposing a "healthy eating month" to counteract the damage done in December, I was really excited to try True Foods.  I went with a couple of friends on a Saturday night, and although it was crowded, we didn't have more than a 20 minute wait.  Most things on the menu looked great - when you're trying to eat light, you're usually limited to 2 or 3 of the more boring items on a menu.  Here, I felt as though I had a solid selection that spanned from a few pretty innovative salads to low carb chicken and salmon dishes.We split the edamame dumplings, and I got the sashimi tuna salad as my entree.  Both were really outstanding.  The dumpling wrapper was really thin and tasted homemade, and the accompanying broth/sauce had a hint of truffle oil in it - delicious!  The salad had quite a bit of cubed raw ahi tuna with a light miso vinaigrette and some edamame and avocado.  For $14, I thought it was a pretty good deal.  Although I really enjoyed my experience, I can see why this restaurant isn't for everyone.  Portions are intentionally a bit smaller, and although healthy can still be really flavorful, it's not the same as the food you get elsewhere that's smothered in butter or deep fried.  I would recommend True Food for vegans/vegetarians, people who want to go out to eat but are still looking for a healthy meal, or a girls night out.  For large, pickier groups or people wanting a huge plate of food, you should probably look elsewhere.
5	I'm a fan of Dr. Weil, and my mom took me to True Foods on the way to the airport (I'm from San Francisco). I had Ahi Sliders and my sister got Spaghetti Squash Lasagna. We split a Kale Salad. Everything was amazing!!!! and so good for you! The waitress told us the Lasagna was only like 150 calories for the whole thing. (i think its thing on the menu). They also list which foods are gluten free!!! I went back again last time I was in AZ. I heard one opened up in Scottsdale, and I'll be going t that one next!
5	Yummy!  The pizzas are delicious, especially the Roasted Eggplant, which I swear has bacon on it, but apparently it doesn't.  I feel so healthy eating here.  The Tuscan Kale Salad is delicious and incredibly good for you.  A glass of white wine (the 6-dollar one is good) works well with the food I've had here.  Some may find it a little pricey, but I think the prices are very reasonable for what you are getting.  Organic, fresh food always is a little more expensive, but well worth it for taste, your health, and supporting local agriculture.
5	Awesome. Awesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesome.Our waiter was funny and personable and patient. He was quite a gent.The food was awesome and there were vegetarian options as far as the eye could see. I loved it.My only complaint is that the patrons next to us seemed way uptight but that happens.Loved it, can't wait to go back.
3	I must say I loved the food. Just didn't like the after effects.went with a group of 4. all samples the shrimp dumplins, Edamame dumplins, tasted the sashimi salad, I ordered the Sea Bass Street tacos.All was tasty - Sea bass slightly over cooked. Service was weak at the start and ok at the end. The highlight was the Edamame dumplings...but I've got to tell you...I have paid for it ever since. 3 of the 4 people had stomach issues and it isn't pretty if you know what I mean. Now 24 hours after and I still am on the pot...healthy food certainly cleans you out.
3	*2.5 starsOh True Food, how I really want to like you and all your claims of naturalness and whatnot.  The atmosphere is nice, the service friendly, and the pricing reasonable.However, after 3 trips (two lunch one dinner) and comparison of my fellow diners' meals, the best adjective/expression I can use to describe the fare is "meh".  It's just...BLAND.  Fresh and natural shouldn't lack taste, and whether it was the salmon or chicken terriyaki all I could think is that I'm eating a step up from a healthy choice.Rumor has it that Mr. Fox is taking this concept national--and I'm sure he'll do well as many vegans might consider this a flavor explosion--but Little Lady herself is a vegetarian and I know she appreciates good taste and flavor as much as the next.  Tweak the menu, add some heat, add something and I'll be back....but as is I won't be dining here again.
4	A great alternative to the highly-processed, unhealthy options out there. Glad that restaurants like this are getting attention as it helps raise awareness for the importance of healthy living.
4	I like the healthy-focused menu, but execution was not as great as I expected. We still had a good meal, thought. The kale salad as everyone has stated is quite delicious. I also had some type of fish. The foo is reasonable and the service was fine. Maybe it being a tad cheaper would make it a little better but I would definitely go back.
4	I enjoy a variety of things on the menu, and I like the approach to eating healthfully.  Unlike some of the other Fox restaurants, I don't think this one is overpriced.  Where else can you get quinoa salad?  I'm not a vegetarian, but I eat many of the vegetarian options because they're so tasty.  The "TLT" (a fake BLT) is amazingly good.  And, of course, the hummus is one of the more unique takes on that dish you'll find anywhere.  The wine list is spartan, but that is a sacrifice you'll have to make for their good, healthful options.  Last, I know it isn't their fault, but be prepared to be annoyed with the Biltmore's ridiculous parking system.
4	Hey, I'm a hipster: I need my martini. So I bypassed the health-smoothies on the left side of the menu that were the focus of the waiter's spiel. They did look appealing I guess. But I wasn't in the mood for a spa experience.So the martini came without olives. As did the kale and mushroom pizza on whole wheat crust. But both tasted great. Even my kid thought enough of the kale pizza to eat half of it. He's four, and roasted kale is usually a hard sell. Anyway, quick service, pleasant surroundings. Family-friendly enough to make me feel comfortable with my kid (despite the occasional stares of couples who probably have Childfree.org stickers on their BMW's, where the man is tallying stock options and the woman is trying to silence the wails of her empty and yearning womb. Of course I'm used to that.)Anyway, I liked the place. I'll be back. I don't think I like it as much as I liked Coffee Plantation when it was in the same spot 15 years ago. But never mind this old fart. Sawgrass smoothies are where it's at today!
5	Woop!  Yay for TF's super chic patio, interesting drinks and AWESOME healthy food options!  I love it!
1	OMG I'm gonna be sick!Yeah... True, it's a kitchen, but not so sure on the "food" part.  The food was EXTREMELY bland and without flavor and in smallish portions.  Nothing that we had at our table was ever worth going back for.  This was a few months ago when we went, but we won't be going back!
5	Great service at the bar! Omg, banana chocolate tart was orgasmic! And, I felt slightly less guilty since it was "healthy". Miso cod was excellent, too.
4	Let's just say, I've truly enjoyed every visit I've had here.  So far, their kale salad is the bomb.  Just the right amount of lemon juice mixed with parmesan.  Their turkey burger, protein style, is perfect here at the PHX location.  I had one at their Scottsdale location and it was underseasoned to say the least.  Their cod dish is delicious.  When they serve himachi as their "raw fish of the day", it was perfect.  I'm also a fan of their sweet potato hash.  The chicken chopped salad is good.  And, last but not least, their mushroom pizza is to die for.
5	This is a great lunch place.  I loved the food.  I ordered the Turkey Pita Sandwich and it was phenomenal, the sweet potato side was awesome as well.  I could not believe how huge the portions were.  I will definitely be back when I'm in town again.
2	I have actually eaten here about four times already, always with the best intentions of giving it yet another chance, but I just  have never had that great of an experience at True Food. Today took the cake, when the waiter left with my half-eaten pizza to box it up for me and never returned for the rest of the night, neither to refill the water, nor to check on whether my friend and I needed anything else, nor to return aforementioned pizza. Unfortunately at that time we had already paid (which I guess explains his inattention) and I honestly could not remember the guy's face to track him down. But even had the service been outstanding tonight, the food has failed to impress me just about every time. Today I had the eggplant pizza, which was ok but the dough rather tasteless. In the past I have tried the miso cod (ok but not worth the $22 they charge) and some ravioli that were rather unmemorable but have since apparently been removed from the menu (I think they were stuffed with butternut squash). The only dish I have ever really liked is the Edamame Dumpling appetizer - if another friend of mine has their heart set on True Foods in the future maybe I will just have to get 2 orders of those. The decor is nice enough but the tables are too close together for my taste and the noise level inside quite excessive.All together not a place that I will ever frequent again if the choice is left up to me.
3	Oh, True Food. I want to love you.But you make me feel like I'm eating in a cafeteria. WIth such a contemporary menu and a staff full of bright shiny faces this restaurant is just a contradiction in form... the menu and ambience just don't match.My advice is to sit at the bar. The drinks are well served by pleasant bartenders and do their job, the stools are comfortable, and from that locale you get to skip the experience of having dinner with a room full of strangers right at your elbow.
5	I started eating lunch at True Food. The salads combinations are varied and delicious. And filling.In one month I lost 10 pounds without even trying. It doesn't get any better than that.
4	I had been dying to try True Food Kitchen for a while now, after seeing reviews on it on various people's "Vegetarian" lists. I was even more psyched to see that it not only is close to where I live, but also took the place of that awful Coffee Plantation spot in the Biltmore! Yay!I went with my somewhat reluctant meat-eating boyfriend, but he was quickly won over with their expansive alcohol menu and their plethora of meat dishes- all either local or organic. A place we can both agree on!I ordered the honey lemonade ($3) which was the perfect balance between tart and sweet-- honey is a great sweetener! I was brought a refill just when my glass became less than half full-- bonus!We also ordered the hummus appetizer (~$8), which we both enjoyed immensely. My boyfriend liked the tart olives and feta cheese, whereas I loved the cucumbers! There was more hummus left over as our pita bread slices dwindled, but that just means we loaded up our pieces!For my main course, I had the TLT (Tempeh, Lettuce, and Tomato) ($9), which I really enjoyed. The tempeh was pretty crunchy, but it was balanced by the smooth avocado slices. The boyfriend ordered the Organic Ravioli with Ricotta cheese and kale pesto (~$13), which was super good! It came with 6 pieces of ravioli, which he thought was not enough at first, but after he cleaned his plate he said he was "stuffed." Good sign!! The plate also comes with a ton of meaty mushrooms, which made it even better in my opinion. We definitely did not have room for dessert, but I've heard mixed reviews of the desserts so I'm not sure if that's something we'll end up trying. Our server was extremely attentive to us, did not pressure us into ordering anything extra, and was prompt in refilling water glasses, answering questions, and bringing the check.The atmosphere is interesting- a mix of well-dressed business and retired people (think: khaki pants, button up shirts, sweater vests (in the winter); nurses just off work; people coming in for happy hour (jeans and nice shirts); and people just in off the street (shorts, casual shirts, even hats). I really liked this ambiance, because it doesn't make it too stuffy and turn people "off" of this locally grown, organic restaurant concept.We would definitely be back in a heartbeat, but the only reason I marked it down was because we were sitting underneath their funky lights, and a spider fell out of the light on to my boyfriend's arm. He wasn't terribly bothered by it (other than 'wtf, why is there a spider on my arm?') but I would have freaked out. So... don't sit under the lights, if you can help it!
1	I really wanted to like this place!  We got appetizers and they were great - the miso soup and raw fish.  Both were really good and everything was off to a good start.  We ordered the entrees and got them in adequate time.  I had the spicy shrimp which was good, but honestly wasn't worth the price.  My boyfriend got the bison burger which he loved, but the portion was too small, again, especially for the price.  We decided we wanted dessert, however, our server had seemed to be slowly forgetting we were even there.  We finished the entrees and waited for the server so we could order dessert.  And waited.  And waited.  I literally watched this guy bustle around the entire restaurant, out onto the patio dining, back and forth, SEVERAL times.  It really looked like he completely forgot we were there.  Finally, after 10 minutes of waiting he came over and we said we wanted dessert.  He only had one menu on him and gave it to us.  We decided on our desserts and then once again waited for him to come back.  And waited.  AND WAITED.  Now, actually getting the dessert once the order was in was another disaster.  In total we probably waited for 30+ minutes just to order and receive our dessert.  He even comped the dessert because the kitchen had taken so long to get it out.Absolutely ridiculous.  It looked like the server did a whole lot of running around and no actual work.  Worst dining experience ever - and that's saying a lot!
4	Loved the Kale salad. Kale is popular where I am from, but the person I brought along was staring at the dish, initially. When she ate it, she actually liked it. Love the presentation. Had a great sandwich as well, good  enough to share. Nice location as well
5	The only reason I'm changing my review is for the best waiter ever. Seriously. I have never had service in Arizona as good as his. John is an amazing waiter who clearly takes pride in his work. This to me is hard to come by. When you get good service it just makes everything taste better :)My mom and I are very picky eaters...no oils, no dairy, no wheat or gluten. He was very understanding and didn't make us feel like changing around the menu was a bother (it has to be). He was on top of everything. Anticipated every want or need. If you eat here, ask to sit in Johns section. It will be a great experience!
4	I have avoided this place since it opened, because I was worried that it was too much of a scene.  I really just want to eat good food, and I don't care about who else is eating around me.  Anyway, I was wrong to avoid True Food.  I went for the first time last night, and it was terrific.  The food was great--not too fussy or freaky, but just yummy.  We had a mushroom pizza and soup.  We sat on the patio, which was very nice at this time of year.  But best of all was the service.  I don't usually gush over waiters, but ths group was terrific--attentive, kind, helpful, but not in-your-face.  Just great.  If you like green tea, the iced green tea here is a winner.
5	Went for Easter dinner.  Great atmosphere, super service, fun drinks and yummy healthy eats.  Explore the drink menu...both alcoholic and non.Two patio areas to dine al fresco.  Sweet potato hash was awesome as was spiced chicken.A new favorite for me!
2	Cool place. Okay food. The chef needs to learn how to cut sashimi as we could barely find it on our plate because it was so thin, so I would skip that and stick with the bison burger. Location and restaurant layout was good. Everything else was nothing to write home about.
2	Meh. I've tried True Food Kitchen twice now and both times have been quite underwhelming. Not anything terrible, just bland, and boring. I had the panang curry with shrimp, and the boyfriend had the chicken sausage pizza. My curry was more like yellow curry with a lot less flavor. And the potatoes were kind of crunchy, too. Pizza was fine, nothing special. The first time I went (for take out) I got the shaved turkey sandwich which was pretty much flavorless.Even writing this review is making me feel flavorless and boring. Sorry guys. I am really torn between 2 and 3 stars, because our server was so amicable, and our drinks were good (albeit reaaaally slow). But overall I have a much more 2-star feeling about this place. Meh.
2	Service is excellent, quick, and efficient. The noise level precludes serious business discussions. The food is good and they present a unique variety of unusual choices; however, I am allergic to MSG and I reacted to something in the Herb Spiced Hummus - why do restaurants still use that . . . ?
5	One of my favorite restaurants. Thank you, True Foods, for giving me a healthy eating option.
5	Whenever I come back home and visit Phoenix, this is the number 1 restaurant I want to visit. A ton of healthy (actually healthy, not fake healthy like many 'organic' food restaurants), creative options that are extremely tasty. Always have great service; every, single time (out of a dozen or so visits). Servers have unique personalities.A little expensive (not too bad), but worth it if you want tasty, healthy food that is a little special, but not so rich that you fill sick afterwards. (healthy, fresh food can be expensive, even if you cook your self)I've enjoyed everything I've tried, but I especially recommend:Edamame Dumplings (like edamame ravioli with truffle oil; so delightful and light)Turkey Bolognese (filling entree if your hungry for brown rice pasta)Crudites: Perfectly al dente veggies Salads: Liked all of the ones I've tried!Enjoy!
4	This place was surprisingly cheap for Biltmore area. Lunch is less than $10 and the plates are hearty. I ordered one of their salads and their full size was worth it. Their curry soup was awesome. The ginger drink was really refreshing.The ambiance is nice too. Prep cooks are prepping veggies, pastas and othe items in plain sight. Everything is cooked in an open kitchen. Very clean and organic environment/food. I am going back!
4	I heard from my friend, who heard from Phoenix Suns players, who heard from Steve Nash, that this place is one where you can get your grub on while eating healthy.I had the ahi wheat pasta and new moon drink, both of which were good and delicious. Honestly, I had forgotten it was ahi and thought it was chicken until I remembered what I ordered! The new moon was a mixture of grapefruit juice, agave, and soda water, doesn't that sound good?
5	I have often thought maybe I should move to Scottsdale just so I can eat True Food. I could eat olive oil almond cake everyday!!It is very very good and I've had really good service everytime I've come so not sure what the other comments about bad service are about.
5	Herb hummus, Street Tacos, Chopped salad w/chicken, & Tabbouleh Salad all delicious!If I had to make s suggestion it would be to spice up the fish in the tacos with a little more flavor, but they were perfectly cooked, flaky and moist.The hummus appetizer is a generous portion; enough for 4-6 people.
5	I have nothing but GREAT things to say about this place! I have been to both locations in the Valley (Biltmore and the Scottsdale Quarter) and not only is the food mouth watering..the atmosphere is so great! I can't wait to go back again!
4	This place has an amazing selection for a plant-based diet.  I had a salad that was great.  I would highly recommend if you like fresh food and has many organic options.
5	Great service and healthy eats.
5	I tried this place for the first time yesterday.  I  loved the food and the environment!  This is the only real healthy food restaurant that I know of in Phoenix.  It was a great experience!
5	I love this place! The Kale salad is amazing! One of my favorite for healthy dining!
4	Found this on the second to last day of my stay in Tempe and went right back on my last day. Pretty much everything about this place is good (except that it is a Fox undertaking . . .)The Prosecco was delicious and came in a beautiful glass, the kale salad was amazing (though it was a bit more lightly dresses on the first go around, which was in fact, better), the gazpacho was decent, the squash casserole was cheesy goodness, the farmers market salad was simply good all around, and the flourless chocolate cake was soft and chocolatey on the inside but overdone-brownie-like on the outside. Though I did not try it, they offer a gluten-free pizza - hello!Would definitely come back.
4	Excellent food.  I have been here for breakfast, brunch, and lunch and everything I have tried has been wonderful.  There are many vegetarian options to choose from.
5	So, so good. My go-to lunch option is the turkey burger, it's insane.
4	Healthy food...small portions..good hummus and pita but spicy shrimp noodles were not spicy at all...chicken sausage pizza was pretty good and ziti was well made...
5	This is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to- hands down!  I went with a party of six and here is what was ordered:Normally we don't order appetizers, but we were starving so we started with the local vegetable crudites.  This was so beautiful!  It was a HUGE bowl of just gorgeous raw veggies (bright green lettuce, purple carrots, large slices of crispy cucumbers, etc.) and two dips- tzatziki (not vegan) and black olive (vegan and the most delicious dip I have ever had).Here are the entrees:  Me: I wanted to order the curry, but was disappointed to find out that the sauce had shrimp paste in it so I couldn't have it :(  So instead I ordered the Teriyaki brown rice bowl with tofu.  It was simple, yet delicious.  I would have liked to order something a little more exotic/adventurous, but when you are vegan sometimes your choices are limited. Husband/Sister-in-law/Her boyfriend: It was highly recommended that the Spaghetti squash casserole be ordered, so three members of our party did just that.  My husband veganized his by excluding the mozzarella.  I stole a bite and it was wonderful!  Everyone who ordered this was very satisfied.  Father-in-law:  Shaved turkey sandwich with sweet potato hash.  Mother-in-law: Turkey bolognese.Everyone raved about their meal and there was a lot of shared bites going around.  However, I had looked at the dessert menu previously and couldn't get my mind off the Strawberry rhubarb crisp with a side of ice cream.  This was the only vegan dessert on the menu, and if you've read any of my other posts you know that if there is vegan dessert offered, it's bound to be in my belly!  We ALL ordered this dessert and OMG I seriously can't stop raving/thinking about it.  I could eat this everyday.  It was so unbelievably delicious.  When I get home from Scottsdale (to Southern California) I am going back to just have this dessert.  This restaurant is a MUST TRY for herbivores and omnivores alike.  A great place to go with a large group!
4	Wish there were a few of these in San Diego. Great fresh food and wonderful atmosphere. The pesto olive pizza is one of my favorites, I usually add the chicken sausage to it. The kale salad is great as well. Had tempeh here for the first time and it's good too. I feel like you can't go wrong with their menu. The porter beer was incredible and their refreshing drinks are awesome. My favorite are the Ginger and the pineapple with coconut water ones. The teriyaki bowl with tofu is a hit and so if the curry bowl. It can be packed midday for lunch but not as much in the evening. The kitchen is open and they make a lot of their food steps away from you. I love this place! I can't wait to return to Phx to have it again.
5	Initially I came here expecting a lot of healthy organic relatively tasteless and expensive food, but I was very surprised and boy was I wrong. The drinks/elixirs may sound like medicine but they were very tasty, especially the ginger one (and I LOVE ginger!). We had the onion tart for the appetizer and it was a wonderful taste explosion in my mouth. For dinner we ordered the squash casserole and the bison burger. With the 2 drinks, we got out of there for about $60 which is a bit pricey but so worth it considering the taste, quality and service.
5	This is one of my big favorites in the valley! Have been here a lot of times and will not get tired of coming back! =)Refreshing and organic food, lovely ambiance...=) We fell in love with this place after our very first trip in their location in Biltmore. There was quite a wait but it was well worth it. If you are looking for a new refreshing taste with choices for vegan and gluten allergic people, this is the place to be! The concept does not stay away from making their food delicious while using the freshest and most organic ingredients. I love bragging this place both to our local and out-of-towner friends. I've tried a variety of what they have to offer in the menu but my favorites are the Tuscan Kale and Chicken Chopped Salad, all types of pizza esp the one with goat cheese and the spaghetti squash casserole which is very light and healthy! For dessert, the flourless chocolate cake is just amazing! =) Service is fast and efficient. Pricing is fair plus they offer half order to some of the selection in the menu. Great place for lunch and dinner! Will have to try their breakfast menu soon! =)
4	I love this place. The food is always so fresh, the environment is clean and spacious, and the service is wonderful. It is definitely one of my favorite spots to eat when I am near the Scottsdale Quarters or the Biltmore area!
1	Only one thing I can say for this place GROSS.
4	I used to frequent this place when it first opened;  however, I'm a HUGE eater and like to get as much food as possible for my money;  I found the amount of food for the price was a bit off.  What finally sealed the deal was when my friends mentioned something about  ex-cons and anorexics;  combined with  the long annoying wait;  it was just so much easier to head east to new cool restaurants in Scottsdale.  I have to say my recent revisit after 2 years was well worth it.   Food is fresh and presentation is simple and organic.  I forgot how fun it is to go to a health-conscious restaurant.   It's certainly not a meat and potatoes place, and the clientele and staff still look like they need Ensure IV infusion, however, if you want  to eat light  and make yourself  feel like you're eating healthy for a change, this is your place.  Go early!
3	A-ok
4	True Foods is when two polar opposite worlds of crazy, nut loving granolas who attempt to run a co-op and trendy concept restaurants collide and I absolutely enjoy it. When a friend invited me to the Scottsdale Quarter location I thought that they were out of their minds, that I would be sitting there eating some kind of flax seed mix in a bowl. I was pleasantly surprised when I ended up having a really good hummus for an appetizer and one of the best turkey sandwiches I have had in a long time. I wasn't just surprised, I was blown away. This food was flavorful and was not boring at all and although the waitstaff does have a hippie co-op naturalist vibe to them, they are really pleasant and very enthusiastic about their menu. True Foods also gives the customer tons of options: can't choose between one dish or the other? Have half of both. Do you want the kale salad or the sweet potato's as a side... oh man... they are both amazing... you can have half and half of sides too!!! BTW it is worth mentioning that if I am enthusiastic about a kale salad you should probably give it a try... I mean... it is kale, which is not my favorite or many other peoples favorite vegetable. Just the other night I stopped by the Camelback location (I have been there a few times) with some friends. One of my friends said that she loved the bison burger and me being a burger lover thought that I would totally enjoy it. She was right and I encourage anyone standing between True Foods and Zin burger to forget the Zin and just get yourself a bison burger from True Foods with a side of sweet potato's. It is just that amazing.
4	4 stars...because the waiters service at the Scottsdale Quarter location for our large group during a busy lunch was fantastic.  All the food was fantastic as well.....except for my 'Heirloom Tomato and Watermelon' salad.  I was really expecting heirloom tomatoes to be the star of the show...and had a hearty craving for some fresh heirlooms...but...sadly...the number of cherry tomatoes on my plate far exceeded the 3 tiny wedges of heirloom tomatoes I received :(  Sam...I know you got to make a buck just like the next guy...but please know this....I would gladly pay more for a nice healthy portion of freshly dressed heirloom tomatoes!
4	Been to this Restaurant a couple times for Lunch !  Love the Sashimi Salad, just wasn't big enough!  LOL !  also had the Shrimp Dumplings !  which were pretty good, but would not order that again, the Sashimi Salad is the Best ! Great Servce, will never leave your glass of Green Tea empty !
5	There's now one in Santa Monica, CA - yeah buddy!!!  YUM.
4	Excellent humus, good service, enjoyed the fish tacos.
4	Had the  pan seared halibut.  The portion is a bit small but the food is great.  Also had the acai mojitos drink.  The drink wasn't so good.
4	overpriced fusion food and i know we are all just paying for their rent.  It was obviously a nice place to go on dates because when we were there that one night, there were about 6 couples around us.  So it's a nice place to go to for a clean, quiet meal. Since the portions arent big, there's plenty of room for dessert.  The drinks are nice and refreshing though.
4	what can i say...we are fans!!!i am addicted to the Cucumber Refresher, i think it is honey lemonade with cucumber (& possibly crack, the way you will crave it!!). it is truly refreshing & reminds me of the fruity refreshing afternoon drinks that are served in SE asia & indonesia (bali, thailand, vietnam...)i am a sucker for the kale salad:simple, filling, tangy, delish!!but the best item i think they have is the bison burger!!! WOW!! hands down the BEST burger in phoenix, juicy, always cooked to perfection, the flavors dance together in your mouth and you will want more! initially i thought it would be kind of gamey, and never measure up to the likes of delux, the grind, maizie's, rocket burger, chelsea's kitchen and others, but amazingly i was blown away & it is a weekly staple for my man!desserts are also fresh, innovative & tantalizing.i have been eyeballing their brunch menu & am looking forward to trying it soon -overall - GO you will love it!
3	Overrated. I had a $17 bowl of ramen. Food was pretty bland and uninspiring. Not terrible, just not worth the prices. I had a smoothie also, which was also meh. The desert tasted like a cliff bar with some stuff on top. The appetizers were ok.
5	Refreshing Drinks: Red Moon (grapefruit, agave, yuzu), Medicine Man (antioxidant)The Food We Ordered: ahi sliders, mushroom soup, kale salad, sweet potato mash, raw fish of the day hamachi, natural chicken --- all fantastic.Service: A+Cleanliness: A++ (open kitchen)We wish we had a True Food Kitchen near us. We left satisfied and feeling energized and healthy. We will be back.
4	Fresh, wholesome ingredients are the focus of True Food Kitchen.  The atmosphere tied into the menu in a refreshing way, reflecting the deconstructed, pure menu offerings...yet, the ambiance really speaks louder than the food itself.   We warmed up with some hummus and pitas with a side of Persian cucumbers.  A little on the bland side, but the freshness factor compensated. After narrowing down the menu to a few choice items, our waitress gave us some direction.  She had an extensive knowledge of the menu and the health benefits of nearly every ingredient.  My top picks?  Spaghetti squash casserole, natural steak tacos, turkey bolognese and the bison burger. We were HUNGRY so the bison seemed like the best choice.I'm not in-the-know about bison, but our waitress told us it is as lean as a white meat. Pretty groovy (yes, I said groovy), considering it tasted as sinful as the beef equivalent. The meat was juicy and cooked to near perfection (a tad bit well done...). It was accompanied by a kale salad and sweet potato hash. The salad had a unique herbaceous flavor--definitely not what I was expecting.  It was dressed perfectly with a lemon vinaigrette.  I loved the crispy sweet potato hash.  If you're looking for huge portions, True Food Kitchen probably isn't the best place to go.  High fructose corn syrup and refined sugar are no-no's at True Food Kitchen; I practically offended our server when asking for a side of barbeque sauce (they did run next door to Zinburger to get a side for me, which I appreciated).  I'll probably come back; the non-alcoholic elixirs and some of the raw seafood specials looked tempting.  Not bad, not bad at all.
4	Went here for the first time during Restaurant Week with a friend and was not disappointed. I look forward to going back and bringing my husband. My friend cannot eat gluten and says that this is one of her favorite restaurant since there are so many options for her. When we arrived at 6 pm on a Saturday, we were seated right away. The service was great, and our server was very friendly. We ordered the turkey bolo, which was delicious. I had the summer salad and my friend had the hummus for our first courses. They were tasty. Seems like a great concept for a restaurant and I can't wait to try out some of the drink specials and other dishes next time.
4	Hit or miss with food...  The drinks can be the same way.  The turkey burger is excellent, the ahi tuna sliders are great!  Service is decent, the crowd is mixed.  Certainly a bit overpriced at 50$ for lunch for 2.
2	I got the ahi sliders and they had a lot of inedible sinew in the them...yuck.  The server was very friendly and attentive, but surprisingly unconcerned about the poor quality of my fish.  My dining partners had the tempeh and turkey burger and enjoyed their selections.
5	Amazing squash pie! Have to try it!! A little bit of heaven!!
5	Service and food could not be better. Always consistent and always fantastic.
4	The ambience and look was terrific-- I admit, I had to touch what appeared to be the wheatgrass covered hostess podium.  Dined indoors, but their patio looked to be a comfortable option if not for the triple digit heat (to which I'm not acclimated.)The kale salad was fantastic-- never had it served that way and really enjoyed it.  The entrees were tasty, fairly simple. The service was attentive, when you add it up in the end, not particularly a deal, but good place to go.
5	Brilliant!  The drinks and food are amazing.  Staff is knowledgeable, quick and happy to be of service. Atmosphere is terrific too.
4	This is as close as I can get to a "favorite" restaurant.  It's fresh, delightfully flavorful, and the service is above average.  "It's ALL good".
5	absolutely amazing here. Fresh food that I can taste and know it was made well. Unique drink and food options and an amazing, refreshing vibe throughout. THis is my favorite Sam Fox restaurant... and I like them all.
5	I was really excited to try this place out and I'm so glad I did. I went with a few people so we all had different items and shared them. Everything was incredible. Each dish was flavorful and my fish was cooked to perfection., Who knew bok choy and kale could taste so good! They have a good variety of food on their menu so there is something to suit every taste. I'm always a supporter of using local produce and wholesome organic ingredients. Also they have really unique and delicious mixed drinks both alcoholic and nonalcoholic. Will definitely be going back.
4	A true culinary experience! Great patio, helpful service, and exceptional ingrediants! The iced tea is not to be missed and the ravioli is to die for!! Any place that makes organic food, has a positive energy, and a little hippy vibe- I will always award 5 Yelp stars!!
5	I am a huge fan of this restaurant. I love their locally grown fruits and veggies. I love their healthy options. I had their brown rice with curry sauce, veggies, and organic chicken...it was incredible! Can't wait to travel to Arizona again and return to this wonderful restaurant!PLEASE OPEN ANOTHER LOCATION IN THE SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA! It would be a hit!
5	My boyfriend and I went here for dinner last night and absolutely loved it.  The food is extremely fresh, tasty, and the options are various and interesting.  Our server recommended that we try their fresh squeezed juices and we each ordered them, one being called the hangover.  Very yummy and if you want, you can add alcohol to them.  Our server was great, explaining the menu and the vision behind True Food and everything they make.  Its for the most part local and organic food and you feel good eating it! There's an italian side to it and an asian side to it, we did both and were very satisfied! I highly recommend the turkey bolognese and mediterranean salad.
5	Excellent food that is prepared and served in a clean and healthy environment, Ask the staff about what food is good and they will help you find their best entrees!
5	This place is a home-run to win the world series! The menu is unique and robust. Everything I had was perfect. The kale salad and sashimi were perfect. Great setting and interior. They have fresh nutrient rich juices, too! Wish I could eat here regularly and will make it a point to eat at True Food whenever I'm in Phoenix.
5	The menu is fantastic. Healthy, organic, simple dishes that are portioned well. There were many items that I wanted to try, so I'll have to go back. I decided on the ahi tuna sliders with kale salad and my friend got the spaghetti squash casserole. We also ordered "the natural" to drink which is one of their fresh "elixirs". This one was made with ginger, agave and soda water. We each had two.We both enjoyed our meals very much-I have no idea what type of dressing was on that kale salad, but I think I liked that the best.The staff was very nice and attentive, they also let us sit and chat after we paid the check without giving us dirty looks. The decor is simple and spa-like with an open floor plan. They also validate if your park in the lot out front.
4	My wife and I stopped here for salads since we were at the Mall where this is located. Both of our salads were delicious and the service was excellent. Recommended.  Nice patio dining as well.
1	I just went in to buy a gift card and received the most rude service ever.  I have always wanted to try True Food Kitchen at the Biltmore but will definitely not based on this experience.  The man who helped me could barely muster out "Can I help you" and "how much?" for the gift card and definitely did not say 'how are you? "  or an obvious "thank you".  I truly don't think he would be capable of setting a positive dining experience.  I actually bought less of a gift card then intended.  Too bad, I wish it were better.
3	Solid three stars. The menu is "globally inspired" but still manages to come off as little more than another New American restaurant riding on its gluten-free, veg 'n' vegan laurels. If you think Pei Wei is "globally inspired" good eats, you'll probably dig True Foods. Or if you're looking for a place to take even the pickiest of eaters be they bland food lovers or gluten-lactose intolerant vegetarians.Tip 1: Beware the nouveau health guru buzz words on the menu. Enjoyed the ginger carrot elixir, thought the pomegranate juice was mega overpriced, and why? Because of the omg!antioxidants? Potatoes have freakin' antioxidants but I'm not about to drink a tater slurry.Tip 2: The food is chain-restaurant quality.The apps are fairly meager and like everything else on the menu, too expensive for what you get. Hummus comes with a couple measly pita triangles, so make sure to ask for more. The caramelized onion tart is another small but tasty option to share between two people.The TLT (tempeh, lettuce, and tomato) was a major bummer. The tempeh was cold and hard to bite through, the bread was so dry it tore up the roof of my mouth, and they left off the avocado and mayo. Bison burger was much more moist but practically fell apart upon first bite, so make sure you got a knife and fork at the ready. The kale salad and sweet potatoes are the bomb though. Consider just getting 'em solo to avoid a lackluster entree.Tip 3. Your food will take freakin' forever to get to you.The service is obsequious and annoying, but also manages to come off as condescending, impersonal, and rushed? WTH? Doubly annoying since the food usually takes a loooong time to reach your table.
4	Great dinner!  I have several food allergies but was easily able to accommodate here.  The salmon and quinoa was delicious and the flourless chocolate cake was decadent with homemade caramel.(reservations accepted only for larger groups)
4	Took an out of town friend for dinner last night.  What a hit. The Curry dish and Ravioli with kale were our choices and were superb. Just wish the west side had choices like this but it's worth the drive for healthy, organic food that makes you go ahhhhh!
4	Now this place is good! There's something for everyone! Great atmosphere. Some of the tastiest healthy food I've ever had!
4	Great local food! :)
4	I ordered the Harvest Chopped Salad and Banana, Espresso, Pistachio, and Date Muffin. The salad had the best combination of fresh fruits, creamy goat cheese, and dressing. I would not complain if I ate one of those every day! The muffin was so delicious, what a combination of flavors! The only down side for me is that it was quite pricey. Don't get me wrong, the food was mouth-watering, but I wouldn't want to spend that much money on a regular basis.
4	About a week ago, my office team and I went for dinner to enjoy some out of office, get to know each other dinner conversation. I had never been to TFK and wasn't sure what to expect. When we decided on appetizers, we did: lettuce wraps, hummus, and the onion tart. They were ALL fantastic.For my entrees. I ordered seared ahi sliders with my sides being: sweet potato hash and kale salad. It was all very fresh and the kale salad was the best I have ever had.The atmosphere is a bit loud, but the fun thing is being able to see the farm fresh produce and herb stations being worked in front of you and that they have the best selection of foods from Vegan, Organic. Vegetarian, and carnivores. All in all, we had a great time, great food, great drinks, and I will be back!
4	I went here on a recommendation from a friend. I am a HUGE fan. loved the hummus app. and the noodle shrimp dish was excellent. The staff ran like a well oiled machine moving, serving, smiling without missing a beat. the decor and staff attire gave a soothing and updated feel. Topped it off with the most excellent bannana pistachio nut muffin that I am going back for any time I am even in the area! GOOD IS GOOD!I also tried the True Food Kitchen on Scottsdale road and loved it too but if I had to choose between the two of them I would make my way to this one first.
4	Good stuff. Great atmosphere. Unique menu with plenty of great options for herbivores or carnivores.
3	A very unique approach to New Food, the idea to "prep" the food in the front of the dining room is quite smart and helps add to the image of "True"food. This Fox guy is quite good, but the dollars are more than the bite.   I love the kale approach and fun new healthy ingredient are in the lime light. I would need a few visits to give a more complete review. From what I hear Pei Wei has put some Kung Pow in this group and we may see more in the coming!
4	Medicine man....here I come! Right at the center of the Biltmore Square, True Food Kitchen is delicious, fresh and healthy. Eating clean in every bite, can't say no to a delicious tasteful and healthy meal! Girls you won't regret it, boys don't be afraid. Just what the Dr. Ordered. Nice ambiance for a great book club discussion on a Sunday for brunch. Don't miss it!
4	Awesome place when you are trying to eat out and not feel bad about it. The menu is always changing to match what's in season. As much food as possible is locally grown. I usually always go with a meat dish when eating out, but today I decided to mix it up and try the spaghetti squash casserole, excellent choice very refreshing and filling. Also tried the medicine man juice, great flavor well prepared and a good change up from beer and soda. Make sure you give the edamame dumplings, they were wonderful and unique.
1	The food is OK, but over-priced for the atmosphere.  The decor --or lack thereof-- is a bit too casual for my taste.  Do I really need to see produce stacked under prep tables?  The service, although attentive, is way too casual for this senior citizen.  I definitely do not care for a restaurant whose staff wears white T-shirts and jeans or khakis, thrusting full-sleeve tattoos in my face as they reach across the table.  I suppose it's a generation thing, but anyone under 50 who goes here should be fore-warned.
4	What a wonderful place!  There was nothing on the menu that I wouldn't get along with.  It took me a while to decide because everything sounded fantastic.I started with one of their fresh squeezed/blended juices (ginger, agave and soda).  It was light, refreshing and REALLY good.  Highly recommend this one.I finally decided on the tuna sliders which comes with a side of kale salad or roasted sweet potatoes per the menu.  Our server told us that we could get it with 'half and half' sides.  So, of course, I went half kale salad and half sweet potatoes.The sliders were good but the size of the tuna in each was not real consistent - the reason for 4 stars vs 5 stars.  Another person in our group also ordered the sliders.  For my two, one of my sliders had a really thin piece of tuna and the other one had about a 1/2 thick chunk.  The other order had different size pieces too - strange.I usually don't order dessert but was really tempted by the 'stellar' Banana Chocolate Caramel Tart as described by our server.  'Stellar' was the perfect description for this masterpiece.  The chocolate crust contained mesquite flour which I found really unusual as I had never had it before.  We visited the Desert Botanical Garden and learned about the mesquite tree/shrub and the guide told us how they make flour from it.Service was absolutely top notch FANTASTIC!  Our server was super helpful and knew that menu backwards and forwards and knew all the ingredients/spices in everything. I wish we had this kind of a place in central Illinois!
5	Tried the Sashimi salad and fell in love. Love this place, so many options for veg-heads. Great wine list too!
4	Updating my review only to say that the crudite is amazing.  For 11 dollars I know some people will gripe that you are getting raw vegetables, but you have to understand it is a giant, artfully constructed ice cold bowl of fresh, organic vegetables served with tzatziki and olive tapenade for dipping.  Even as cheap as I am, I will lovingly order the crudite appetizer now.  Oh and top it off with some edamame dumplings if you are feeling indulgent.
5	I used to go to this True Food at Biltmore before a second restuarant was opened at Scottsdale Quarter. Both are excellent in terms of food and service. I prefer the ambiance in Scottsdale, but I would not hesitate to eat at this one regularly if it was a more convenient location. You just cant go back to chemical foods after eating here. My wish is that the chefs will extend their range of greens here beyond brussel sprouts. There are so many great Asian greens, chards, etc.in the world.  Bring it on. Maybe go wild with Vietnamese Pho!
4	Great place to grab a meal! The food here is satisfying and filling. Can't go wrong with the Tuscan Kale, Sashimi Tuna, Roasted Chicken or the Spaghetti Squash. For dessert, try the Banana Chocolate Tart and the Apple Crisp with Pecan Maple ice cream. YUM!
5	Loved it, wish I had one close to my home. The service was excellent, the food was incredible. We went on Valentines Day at lunch. The restaurant was full but we were seated and serviced quickly. No question this is high quality food prepared with care.  I've been telling all my friends, go please go! We had the Sashimi Salad, Hummus appetizer, Red Chili Shrimp, a drink called the Red Moon and finally a apple cobbler dessert.
3	I had a very adequate experience at True Foods at the Biltmore location. I went here with my fiancee and two of our friends as it was the best option in town to meet a variety of dietary needs. We had kosher, vegetarian, and sustainable eaters in the group. I did like the decor though at points I was worried about the sturdiness of my seat at our table.The service was very sweet and friendly if a bit slow. I would in fact say our service was almost too bubbly and happy. Enough that we were slightly weirded out by it. However, if you really are that happy then I guess good for you.As to the food, we ordered several appetizers, entrees, and dessert. My fiance found most of his food to be the better end of ok. I did try some of his items and I must say they all begged for just a hint of salt. Our friends loved everything. I had a mixed bag. My drink was very nice, I had the Green Arnie which was nice if a little subdued flavor wise. I also ordered miso soup to start. That one was a bit of a surprise. At no point on the menu or by the server was it mentioned that it was a red miso soup. For those of you unfamiliar, the kind of miso soup you get at most places is a white miso. Red miso is much stronger and more pungent. While I am do like both it was not what I was expecting. I would not have ordered such a large potent bowl of red miso if I had known. I then had the Wild Ahi Sliders which were really the best part of my whole meal. The fish was fantastically fresh and delicious. I did not partake of the dessert.Overall, the food was goodish. Though I did spend much of the evening wishing I had some salt for the potatoes I got. Not a lot just a pinch of something. Otherwise, they were fairly bland. My fiancee had the same complaint. Everything could have used just a pinch more flavor.Nothing was bad or anything the whole experience was simply ok. If it had been significantly cheaper and the service had been more prompt I probably be willing to boost it up to 4 stars. However, the portions are kind of small (other than the miso soup) for what you pay.I would come here again with some of my groups of friends with needier dietary restrictions but otherwise I don't believe I will be frequenting this restaurant.
4	Healthy eating always tastes good. True Foods Kitchen is one of my sister's favorite eatery and now having a chance to try their food I see why she loves it. Had the opportunity to try a couple of the refreshing drinks and they all are equally tasty. Started our meal with some simple pita and hummus. And tried the Open Faced Moroccan Chicken Salad and that did not disappoint. The chop sweet potatoes sides was delicious. My sister couldn't get enough of it. It was definitely a delightful meal. The ingredients tasted fresh too, just as promised.Service was great. Our server was attentive in refilling our waters, teas and pita bread when needed.I like the layout of the restaurant. There's ample seating without feeling cluttered and somewhat of the kitchen is visible.
4	Stopped in here Saturday night.  Don't like this location as much as Scottsdale but the food and service were solid.  My friend raved about his New Planet gluten free beer.  He said it was the best gf beer he's ever tasted.
5	Love, love, love True Food. It is one of our favorites. You can't go wrong with the turkey bolognese, steak tacos and the Tuscan kale salad. Plenty of gluten free and veggie options and a great wine selection. So yummy.
4	Talk about making healthy food fun and tasty, this place does just that. It is an upscale casual, and is on the pricey side for casual, but you are paying for your health. The dishes are all sourced from local farmers and you can taste it. Even for someone that is not used to eating healthy, there are things on the menu for them.I had the burger for example, which is bison meat. It was every but as juicy as a beef burger and had a great kick to it. They have all kinds of foods, including tacos and Thai dumplings, which I had for an appetizer. These were decent, but not the best.The service was great and the outdoor area is well heated with lamps on those cold nights. Oh, and their kale is the best here, a great place to introduce someone to it!
3	Beyond the attractive decor and nice food-presentation, I wasn't all that impressed by True Food. Certainly the concept of healthy, sustainable, locally bought food is great (albeit in the form of an upscale-chain), but overall, True Food didn't live up to the hype.On the positive side, the edamame dumplings with daikon radish and white truffle oil were extremely tasty, and my Ginger Margarita was excellent. On the not-so-positive side, the raw ahi tuna app-special was just OK, and the tiny slivers of fish (maybe 8 total?) were more of a "taste" than a full appetizer. Even worse, my chicken sausage pizza was slightly burnt on the bottom, and tasted bland and uninspired -- the sausage was finely ground and lacked much flavor, and the fennel was invisible. Added to the long wait (weekend dinner reservations are a must even though the restaurant is huge) and the pay-parking lot (if you stay more than two hours, which we did because of the long wait), we all came away mildly disappointed.With many other excellent Phoenix-area restaurants to choose from, we'll head elsewhere next time.
5	Love it here! Met up with friends that have never been and they enjoyed the healthy organic flavor in the starters, entrees, dessert, and the drinks.
4	I enjoy true foods.... They are happy to prep my chicken with no butter or oils and add it to my lettuce w/ tomato. So they allow me to make up my own version of a salad. And I esp enjoy the clean food.... You can sure taste a difference!
5	Have enjoyed every dish I've ordered ..been here at least 3 times (and once to the Scottsdale Quarter location) and have, each time, ordered something different (so many intriguing options I can't help it but want to try a new thing! PLUS, they change their menu items with a few staples that remain unchanged).  I've never tried their pizzas, but I can attest to their salads and sandwiches and entrees - the one that stands out the most is their Sashimi Tuna which was surprisingly filling (the fat of the fish and avocado) and not-surprisingly, very full of flavor and my favorite, ginger.  Their Steak Tacos were also fantastic and I love the cotija cheese they put on top and of course my other fave, avocado.Their price point is competitive considering they serve premium ingredients and the food has never disappointed.  Also, servers are (cute enough), wearing matching capris and such and have always been friendly, down to earth, and prompt.I enjoyed the outdoor patio that the Scottsdale Quarter location has better than the Biltmore's, but this place is still very enjoyable... I just hate the parking dilemma since it's so popular on a any night of the week.
5	(Here's my disclaimer:  I usually think Fox restaurants are pretty meh...not bad and just good enough.  However, True Food is the exception.)Ugh, last Sunday was a REAL whammy at work, so I told the woman we were going out for food and drinks and on me.  Thankfully, she picked a place that would have more than one item for me to eat.  Each time we visit True Food we're greeted promptly and by friendly staff. We've never experienced a wait longer than five or ten minutes and the atmosphere is nice and bright, especially considering what I used to be (anyone? Coffee Plantation?? Ugh..that bathroom always reeeeeked! I digress) Anyway, on this particular stop I ordered the Spontaneous Happiness (a cocktail with St. Germain, lime, and ginger/vanilla infused sochu) and m'lady opted for the Apple Carrot and Ginger tonic  to start.  My bev was silky smooth and went down way too fast.  So, then we ordered a bottle of Moscato. What? I was in the mood for sweet drinks...I'm allowed to be frou frou once in a while.  For our appetizers, we ordered the Shiitake and Tofu Lettuce Cups (tofu, cashews, garlic and a gingery sauce) and the Local Vegetable Crudites (fresh veggies from McClendon's farm that came with tzatziki and olive tapenade...neither of which worked for us, so the server brought it with hummus and a champagne vinaigrette instead!! YUM!).  Then we moved on to the Tuscan Kale salad (kale, lemon vinaigrette, Parmesan, and breadcrumbs) sans cheese.  For entrees (I know, it was a feast) she ordered the Shirataki Noodles, and I ordered another Tuscan Kale....it's that good, peeps.  When dessert time came around, we decided on their chocolate pudding (vegan) that came topped with walnuts and pistachios.  Our server (I can't remember her name and I feel like a jerk about it) was rad, the food was perfect and the drinks were divine!
4	I love the concept.  Healthy food with a trendy flare.   A cool, hip staff and an incredible buildout make this place a pleasure to eat at.I've never had a bad experience with the staff.  The food is good, the soup is amazing.  My only quibble: How can you market yourself as a place that makes "true food" and sell farmed salmon?
4	First off, True Foods is a beautiful restaurant! I love the decor, and I even love how the staff is dressed. It's just an overall nice place to be. Some friends and I tried it for the first time recently. LOVED the hummus appetizer and shaved turkey sandwich. Out of curiosity, we tried the kale-ade... mistake. A $6 mistake. I really even tried to like it. It's just a big jumble of unpleasant flavors. For dessert we shared the lemon tart, and the rhubarb crisp. Both were tremendous! With all this tasty food to try, it's hard not to get carried away. But keep in mind if you get an appetizer, drink, meal, and dessert... expect to have a pretty hefty bill. Other than that, my only real complaint is that the light fixtures are really yucky dusty. I know we live in the desert, and it's in a hard to reach place, but it's gross to look up and see all that dust looming above your food...
4	My husband I stopped off for a quick lunch because I heard rave reviews about the kale salad. The Hubby doesn't like Kale (or wouldn't choose it ) so we shared a Mediterranean salad and fish tacos. I know they don't go together , but the food was super fresh and delicious and some worked together. We kept looking over at each other sayin "this so yummy" and flawless. The salad had the perfect consistency of crunch and lightness. The Fish in the tacos was moist and flaky and seasons light and just right.  We also had the retail therapy cocktail, it was also delightful, not too sweet and very refreshing and made you want more , but then who would drive us home. I hope to figure out the cocktail recipe to make at home, may need to try a few more first .
4	True Foods is truely yummy! I FINALLY went here last night after hearing from tons of friends how great this place was. Love the way it is designed! I seriously want one of those huge wood tables in my house, and reallllly had to stop my self from rolling off with one of those cute planters! We started off with some hummus. It was mighty tasty, but just like other restaurants that serve hummus ::cough cough pitajungle:: they never give you enough pits for all the hummus. I loved the addition of onions and olive and cucumber to the mix. I also had the "soda" of the day. A strawberry rhubarb concoction. It was very refreshing. For dinner I had the farmers market salad. Sooooo good! So Fresh! loved the peas and asparagus pieces in it. For dessert we split the strawberry rhubarb crisp! I didnt even feel bad about getting dessert, it was so light and fresh! I will for sure be going back here, just wish it was a few bucks less a plate! Also the staff is all really weird and overly overly nice.
5	This place is fabulous. I love everything about it.Atmosphere, service, quality and portions of food, drinks.. everything! I loved everything! Me and the bf got two apps and 3 entrees and they brought everything to us split already which earned xtra brownie points for sure!! Everything looked so good we had a hard time narrowing down so we just went all out and had no regrets.Can't wait to go back!
5	I had the shaved turkey pita and it was delicious. Our waiter was nice, we got our food relatively quickly and I liked the high celings and simple, but sophisticated decor.
4	We went to lunch at true food for the first time this afternoon. It just wasn't worth the hype. The food was good but not outstanding. I got the   mediterranean salad and it was ok. I could have made it at home and been just as happy. The asparagus pizza was good but same thing I could have bought a ball of dough and made it at home just as easy. Service was good tho!
2	First off we walk in and there are open tables everywhere but unfortunately for the young blond hostess the tables outside were dirty. Now it was a nice night out on a Friday and I felt like sitting outside which I requested. The hostess then scoffed, gave me a dirty look, and repeated that there where tables available inside and if we sat outside she would have to clean it first. We eventually got to sit outside...with an attitude. We apparently must have upset someone because we were neglected for about 15 minutes even though at that time the restaurant wasn't busy. When we did get service it to was with an attitude but the food was awesome. The edamame dumplings were seriously incredible. Now here is where it gets really bad...we gave a card to pay and when we received our receipt back the receipt read $54.00 but the copy we were to sign was charging us $68.00. Keep in mind we were a party of just 2 so the gratuity shouldn't have been added in.  When we pointed out the error no one seemed surprised or particular concerned that we were over charged. They corrected the issue but were so nonchalant about it that we walked away feeling like this was possibly a scam that the staff often tries to run that we were lucky enough to avoid. The moral of this review is to warn you to review your receipts carefully and if you don't want to wait on people you should get out of the service industry.
5	Simply outstanding.  Everything about this concept works.  The minute you walk in the door you instantly feel healthier.  From the apparel of the waitstaff to the food prep servers working out in the open, everything exudes fresh, inviting, warm, and good for you.  The elixirs are not to be missed.  Dig honeydew?  Then get the Hangover.  Jonesing for Cucumber?  Get the cucumber drink.  I opted for the Mediterranean chopped salad with grilled salmon.  What is not listed on the menu is you can order a 1/2 portion of anything on the menu (except a burger or the pizza).  So, I ordered a half portion of the salad.  Dee-licious.  My friend got the Tuscan Kale salad and it was fantastic.  We shared the herb hummus and my goodness, best hummus I've ever had.  Service was great.  Arrive early!  We got there at 11am for lunch and by 11:45am the place was packed with a line out the door!  The best part?  You can find the recipe for the Kale salad and the hummus on Dr. Weil's web site!  Love it.  Love it.  Love it.
4	Thank you, TFK for existing! I wanted to try everything on the menu but it just wasn't possible tonight! This is a place I could go back to every day until I try the entire menu.  I was pleasantly surprised. The food is so fresh and the flavors are great, not too salty, not overseasoned, just right. We started with the thai shrimp dumplings- small portion.  I considered ordering another.  I had the teriyaki chicken bowl and loved it.  My husband had the chicken sausage pizza.  He loved it.  We were pretty content after the entree but I just had to taste their desserts.  The almond oilve oil cake was so delish.  Light, fluffy.  A great summer dessert.  Now if they would only post that recipe.The portions are perfect, service is great, staff is friendly and the kitchen coordinator was on top of his s*@t!  See you tomorrow, TFK :)
5	I came away from my meal (complete with cocktail + dessert) with no guilt. Local, fresh, tasty and healthy cuisine here. For the first round, order the fig tart! I'm a sucker for ahi sashimi and this salad had some homemade pickles that were just out of this world. I didn't miss the fact that there was no dressing on the salad. Almond Olive Oil Cake made me curious, and while it was tasty, I will be getting the Lemon Tart next time!
5	I love this place!  My husband and I found this place and loved it back when we were eating anything we wanted.  After finding out about some food allergies and health issues, what we can eat is much more limited - and True Food is one of few restaurants that can accommodate our needs.  Because of my extensive "forbidden foods" list, I order like Meg Ryan in "When Harry Met Sally" - substitute this for that, put this on the side, add that - yet the staff never treats me like the pain I know I'm being.  Instead, they politely take my order and get it right every time.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	This place is a five star! Love the food! Love their drinks! My favorite drink is the red moon and i heard if you add vodka it tastes great! There's inside and outside seating. A great atmosphere and the food is just awesome and if you want healthy but tastes awesome then go here!
4	I adore True Food Kitchen! I've been three times and I adore the food. My favorite dish to order is the Turkey Bolognese, the sauce is lovely and I really enjoy the brown rice penne. I am also a fan of the goat cheese and fig tarte as an appetizer, it's really good and just the right size. Last time I went there I tried the lemon tarte and let me tell you, it was delicious! The coconut cream was superb and the tarte wasn't too sweet, letting the lemon flavor shine through! As with the food, I have only had good service at True Food Kitchen. The servers are well trained and always make dining there a pleasant experience!
4	Three words: Chicken Chopped Salad.I could eat this salad everyday for the rest of my life. Absolutely delicious. The turkey burger is also just as great.I can't wait to come back & try more dishes as well as the juices!
5	Second visit here. Excellent food. Seabass is amazing.  Salads are delicious and fresh.
5	Excellent restaurant! I am a vegetarian and there are tons of options on the menu, even for vegan or gluten free diets. Everything is so fresh and delicious. We went with a group for brunch and not a single person left unsatisfied. You have to order the banana quinoa Johnny cakes or an omelet, they are divine. Even the juice/smoothie menu looked great.The staff is quick and friendly and the food is even better! My favorite part is if you sit inside, you can see all of the food being prepped right in front of you. Quality ingredients and great taste/prices. Even if you aren't observing a special diet, I highly recommend True Food Kitchen for any meal of the day!
4	I have been here several times now. A very healthy place to come to eat. The food is wonderful and very fresh. Nice and modern decor as well.The only down side is it is very expensive i think. But it is in the Biltmore so that ups the price.You can have your car valeted, or park in yourself in the nice cool parking Garage in the back. I opted for that.  It was started by Dr. Andrew Weil and the first time i went there with my friend Kris, he was sitting right next to us at a table.  It is a very nice place to go when you want to have a lovely relaxing lunch and really enjoy yourself.
4	I enjoy going here.  Food is good and the waitstaff is always nice and friendly.  It can get a little loud during peak hours, but other than that, it is a good place to go.
4	Yummy, yummy.  Watermelon, goat cheese and heirloom tomato salad.  And a very helpful waiter that guided us through a culinary delight.  Dave Matthews Dreaming Tree chardonnay and mahi mahi tacos.  MMMMM.
4	I had a casual dinner date here, and I really liked the place. The food was fresh and flavorful. The green juices were good. As a "clean" eater, I would definitely come back if I was in the neighborhood, though I wouldn't make it a destination.If you are vegan, vegetarian or just into healthy fresh food, then you will be into this place. It's not a vegetarian restaurant though, so even people on traditional American diets would enjoy it as well. (Don't be discouraged and think this is a rabbit food hub, k?)I feel like for me, this is more of a lunch spot or casual dinner. The seating doesn't feel very intimate, but I'm really an ambiance nut. Definitely worth checking out.
5	Amazing eccentric dishes with gluten free, vegetarian, options! Price is right and will certainly be back. We were in town for one night, found this restaurant on Yelp with my family of 7, and walked out EXTREMELY satisfied. Will recommend to anyone in Phoenix!!!
4	Good restaurant I love the decor. Great place to go for a light, fresh and casual summer dinner.
4	It's so refreshing to see a local restauranteur give Phoenicians more vegetarian and vegan options when dining out, and thanks to Sam Fox of Fox Restaurant Concepts, True Food Kitchen hooks veggies like me up in a trendy setting. Everything on the menu is clearly outlined if it's vegetarian or vegan, so people with all types of diets will be happy.The Biltmore Fashion Park restaurant even looks healthy, with a bright green motif and servers donning bright green capri pants-not the most fashionable get-up, but it mos def drives the point home that the eatery is going for a healthy, green vibe.And, like Fox's others restaurants, this one has an open kitchen, though here, the kitchen/prep area seemed to take up more than half the restaurant, which I thought was pretty odd.The crowd of diners was varied. There were plenty of 20-somethings, a ton of middle-aged folks and even families with babies mixed in.While the atmosphere was slightly above average, the food was excellent. I started with a bowl of mushroom-filled miso soup ($6), which was vegan and chock full of shrooms, scallions and tofu. I loved it!I paired my meal with a Cucumber Refresher ($4), a cucumber-infused honey lemonade. It was sweet, refreshing and didn't make me feel guilty about drinking it.For my entree, I ordered a ricotta ravioli ($13), which was covered in a pesto sauce, more mushrooms and red peppers. It was an interesting twist on traditional tomato sauce-covered pasta, and it really filled me up.For me, I'll definitely be going back to try more tasty meat-free bites.
3	Proper management techniques teach us to provide critical feedback by starting with the good stuff: in this case a lovely room and wonderful service - and moving to the not so good [frequently referred to as 'opportunities'.] In this case, it is what it is.  Great for the vegan/veg crowd and I described it to the lovely as eating grass. Another yelper did brilliantly to describe it as organic in a blah blah blah kind of way. After sharing the trough of vegetable crudites, I had the panang curry which was a large portion - lots of veggies and about 5 shrimp - but it was flavorful and yummy, served piping hot. The friendy friends both had salmon with kale which looked interesting but not really flavorful. I get it. They love it.  And me? I know I need to eat more veggies but that's not why I go out to dinner - I want deliciousness. And this was good, not my wheel house but good. And did someone here say there's real food for non vegetarians? If I brought the lovely here? Yah, no. We'd be marching down the sidewalk to Capital Grille. Don't fight it kids, it is what it is. And that's for a pretty focused audience.Final props to waiter Adam - wonderful server, kind person and all around good sport.
2	Starting with the good first: The atmosphere was very nice. It was a little louder than I anticipated for a nicer place but completely ok. I loved the decor and the general idea of the place. The staff were nice...a bit too eager to have us like the place but they were nice.Their juices were also good.The bad: the vegan and vegetarian options were pretty bland. They used a lot of sauces to compensate for the lack of flavor in the food. I think part of the beauty of vegetarian, especially vegan plates is letting the natural food speak for itself. You can find better options around town. However, this place is nice for a group of vegans/vegetarians to go to as it offers more options on one menu rather than hitting up a regular restaurant and everyone has to order the same thing since it's the only available option on their menu.Would I go again? Once in a blue moon and only if I'm on that side of town.
5	I am a huge fan of cooking. I also love places that sell fresh food. After days of hanging by the pool, I decided to get out and venture over to the Biltmore Fashion Park. I checked the photos and figured that the True Food Kitchen was the place for me. I sat at the bar and had a little trouble figuring out what to eat, it all looked great but I was craving fish. I ordered the fish tacos and decided on the Skinny Margarita. It's called a skinny margarita because it's made with fresh juices and not because it's made with that low-calorie margarita mixer. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XMMLRvV4IMxIGyc4H37LxA#QnIja5A6SwqeJcFfPfZRqAThe margarita was refreshing and my tacos were great. Very light, freshly made and my server Jake brought me two different types of hot sauce. I like it spicy and appreciated it very much. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XMMLRvV4IMxIGyc4H37LxA#kVbK8jNzkNTAeL2ReBCpMQThe lunch was light and tasty, which was perfect and tasted like something I would make at home. It's very refreshing to find places that are not chain restaurants and serve fresh food you can watch them preparing. That's why I truly enjoyed the True Food Kitchen.
4	Yum! Clean, fresh vibe to the place. Wonderful veggie options and adult beverages?! A rarity for veg friendly restaurants in the valley. Only complaint is the seating. I hate being in the middle of the room and most of the seating leaves you feeling exposed.
5	We consistently go to True Food for dinner but recently decided to try them out for brunch. We were greeted promptly by our server, Jacob. He was friendly and extremely helpful with our menu choices. We decided to go with his suggestion, the veggie market scramble, quinoa johnny cakes and organic coffee.  Wow, the food was amazing. Very flavorful and  filling but not heavy. In one word, perfect.  I need to circle back to the service. Like I said, we go to True Food Kitchen at least once a week and have since the day it was opened. The service is always very good but Jacob was by far the best we have ever had.  Our coffee was never lower than half a cup and he checked back frequently to see if we needed anything and ask if we were satisfied. He was attentive and very friendly. If you are in the area, I would recommend going to True Food and asking to be sat in Jacob's section.  You will be glad you did.
5	This place is SO GOOD. I love the bison burger, hands down the best burger I've ever had (and I'm from Texas, I know my burgers). I took my bf and his friend here and they also agreed - best. burger. ever.It doesn't stop there, everything I have tried on their menu is delicious. I'm getting cravings just thinking about it!
5	This is one of my favorite spots in all of Phoenix. But, I have a BIG problem.  The "Andy's Favorite TLT" sandwich is so damn good, I can't get to trying more things on the menu. Great food, great atmosphere.  Best in class!
4	We eat here all the time. So far in Phoenix it has our favorite Turkey Burgers. I love the way everyone is in same color uniform, super clean and excellent food. Amazingly well-run restaurant. They also have muffins that make you wanna slap your mamma.
5	I went to True Foods on their opening night and have eaten there at least a few times a month since their opening.  Their salmon is amazing and their salads are simply fabulous.  I love the organic wine selection as well.  If you enjoy sweet white wine the snoqalmie naked reisling is a must try.  The staff is always very sweet and attentive.  My only complaint is that I'd really love to see the butternut squash ravioli return to the menu when in season, it was phenomenal.
5	Fantastic!!! It was the first time we were at this location,Biltmore, the food was perfect. I never had Sea bass before and I loved it. It was a bit pricey I think but it was well worth the price. It was very tasty with mushrooms, purple potatoes, snap peas and a little asparagus. It had some tasty sauce on it just a little, not too much sort of around the fish. The fish was on top and the veggies were underneath, I will order this again for sure. My hubby had the turkey burger and kale salad and loved it as well.He did say my turkey burgers are better LOL. I do't mind paying higher than usual for dinner as long as it is good and this totally was worth the $24 range.
5	I LOVE this place!  I usually avoid any restaurants that have gluten free or veggie friendly menus since I'm as true as a carnivore as you can get.  However, this place has absolutely amazing food, service, and drinks.  It's a relaxing atmosphere with fresh, healthy food that doesn't sacrifice flavor or appetite.  Both alcoholic drinks and nonalcoholic drinks are equally superb!
5	I can't believe I didn't review this restaurant the last time I went.  Love it!  Great ambiance, Great service, Great/Quality food and decent prices.We shared the gluten free wild mushroom pizza and the spaghetti squash casserole.  The pizza was AMAZING.  I didn't even care that it was a gluten free crust.  I would have been happy to just share that for a light meal.The casserole was recommended from the waiter.  It was okay.  Reminded me of eggplant parm without the eggplant... lol.  I enjoyed it but wouldn't order it again.
5	Two years after visiting this restaurant, I still remember what we ordered and how we enjoyed the food and atmosphere... what does that tell you? It was good and memorable! The atmosphere is a little artsy, but the staff was welcoming and friendly.Since the prices are a little higher, we decided not to get any appetizers, smoothies (which looked great), or drinks.When we went, we were able to get half size salads and some of the entrees were allowed to be halved (not sure if they still do this). I started with half of a Sashimi Tuna salad. Dressing was sweet and delicious; plenty of salad for half the cost.For our entrees we ordered a half Turkey Bolognese and a full Pan Seared Sea Bass.The turkey was moist, tender, and flavorful. Sauce was great, and the pasta did not seem overly "brown rice".The sea bass's portion size was a little small, but it is an expensive fish. Fish was perfecty cooked; fork tender. The umami sauce was perfectly seasoned and complemented the fish and vegetables.There are many things on the menu we wanted to try, so we'll have to come back again.Pros: Stevia packets on the table (more restaurants need this!), healthy and tasty food, good selection, and the no-guilt feeling afterwards.Cons: Have to get parking validated (it ends up being free), it is far for someone in the East Valley who wants to come more often, and it is a little expensive for the portions (but it's healthy!).
5	The two words I would use to describe the food at True Food Kitchen would be FRESH and FLAVORFUL! I probably will never be able to enjoy a vegetable from Safeway again after the amazing produce from True Food! I don't even especially like veggies and the crudite plate was amazing.  I could go on and on about every dish, dessert, and drink that we ordered.  The staff was incredibly accommodating and knowledgeable.  The ambiance, service, and food make it a great place for a fun lunch with girl friends or a lunch meeting.
4	I love this place!!! Cute waiters and delicious, healthy food.....what could be better?The only thing I didn't like was the wait the fact that my chicken salad sandwich was small for 12 dollars.Otherwise, everything tasted delicious and the service was awesome.
5	Love their tofu and cucumber drink!
3	Good for what it is.....organic healthy blah blah blah....my gf is a vegetarianWe ordered humus....twas amazing to her...I enjoyed it. She had a turkey burger and it surprisingly tasted good.   I had a Bison Burger and it was...interesting.....good...different....We both ordered a drink and they were fresh and flavorful. For an app, 2 drinks, and 2 entrees it was over $60. For the interesting taste and the feeling of not being satisfied in your belly.....not worth it. Granted, some people who enjoy this kind of food will love it. Not hating, just not my kind of food choice =)
5	Absolutely delicious! My boyfriend tends to stray from any restaurant associated with terms like "organic" or "vegetarian" but after dining at true foods we were both believers for this anti-inflammatory food diet. The butternut squash ravioli was so light, yet full of flavor. The mushrooms gave an amazing meatiness without the heaviness. The bison burger was moist and topped with the perfect accoutrements. True foods left me happy, full but comfortable, and now on the hunt for more.
5	Amazing food and service.  The Chicken Salad was amazing.  Gluten free pizza with squash was amazing.  Chocolate pudding....well you know....delightful.  The pizza was ordered without onions and was prepared with onions.  They recooked the pizza quickly.  The manager stopped by the table to apologize and comped the pizza and a desert.  We didn't expect or want them to comp anything.  They went above and beyond.  Again, the food and service were top notch.  Eat here, you will not be disappointed.
4	Kale, miso, shrimp dumplings... all good
3	I am going to keep this review simple. If you are a health freak this place is as good as it gets. If you want to get greasy food and feel stuffed to the point that you need to wear elastic pants to the dinner table then this is not the place to go. I ended up getting the burger and it was good but not great. At the end of the day I would not go again because when i eat out  i dont care if it is healthy. Also the vegetable platter for the appetizer is like rabbit food.
4	This place was awesome. The food was amazing and extremely close to home. My friend and I tried the special promo they had going on during Phoenix Restaurant Week..Definitely try this place! Its worth it!
3	So we visited this place, against my husbands wishes, since I had heard pretty good things about it. To sum it up, it seems a little over priced for what you get and even though it is healthy and organic we were left hungry and unimpressed. I would say the food is average and $16 for a bison burger is a bit ridiculous unless it tastes amazing.  Drinks were fresh but also expensive and I just feel like there are much better restaurants out there in that price range.
4	I was a little worried when my friend suggested this place.  I knew it was "healthy" and thought it would be just salads and weird stuff. Ha ha However, it was very tasty and had a large selection of choices on the menu.  The onion tart was awesome; I had the mushroom pizza also excellent.  My friend had the pasta which was also good.   I would go back for sure!
5	This place rocks! They have the best food around not to mention the biltmore fashion park is there its very easy to eat then shop!
2	Went out as a family and spent $100 with no alcohol on overpriced, small potions of bland tasting food. I'm not much of a fan of Fox restaurants, and will not come back. Our service was poor until I asked the manager.  To their credit, our waiter picked up his service considerably.
5	Love this place! Bison burger, turkey wrap, autumn salad, kale salad, sweet potato hash, seasonal sodas are all delicious! Especially the bison burger... Juicy and tasty! Great atmosphere!
4	All the puzzle pieces  fit together. Great food, great service, and good atmosphere.I had the squash, sons had the chicken sausage pizza, and shriltaki  noodles, wife had teriyaki rice bowl. Chicken was a little dry on the pizza other than that everything else was good.
5	I stopped coming here for months after they took the pan seared seabass off the menu.  Back in tonight.  Glad its back.
2	Pretty disappointed. I order the butternut squash pie for Thanksgiving and since I live in California, I did not know there was another True Food in Arizona. By mistake, I placed my order at the North Scottsdale location.  At first they said I was not  going to get my pie and I had to go to the North Scottsdale location to pick up my order. I told them it was an honest mistake and I was from out of town. After about 15 mins, I finally got my pie. Hogan was not the friendliest man and he seemed annoyed very irritated.I will say the food is amazing and that the Santa Monica location is awesome!
4	Loved the outdoor patio seating, the humus and Thai chili shrimp appetizers were really good, the street tacos were good and the apple crisp was excellent to be a "healthy" version of it.  The drinks were so/so.  I am debating between 4 and 5 stars, I am giving this 4.5 :)
2	I came in here for a quick bite the other day. The food is good, but the prices are just too ridiculous. A cup of vegan lentil soup is $7. That's just crazy. The entire bowl probably cost a little bit of change to make, and the bowl size was small and not even filled completely. As much as I like the food, and even though I have the money, I just can't justify spending $7 on a small portion of lentil soup. It didn't even come with a piece of bread or some other like carb. I finished it in less than 5 minutes.Whatevs.I could understand if it was mind blowing food, but I can cook food that is comparable.
4	I'll be honest, the food was so good I ate here twice in one day. Very simple, clean, but elegant pairings with the freshest ingredients around. I had the edamame dumplings and the farmer's market salad for lunch. The dumplings were more like ravioli with a bit of truffle oil - some of the best I've had. I really would have been happy with an entire plate of these for my meal! The salad was fresh and crisp, and an interesting combination of ingredients - golden beets, kale, romaine, manchego cheese, avocado, with a light champagne vinagerette. Later, I ordered the thai dumplings and steelhead salmon for dinner. The dumplings were good, but not as good as the edamame dumplings from lunch. The salmon was cooked perfectly - good sear on the outside, and moist on the inside - all on top of a bed of beets, greens, and red quinoa. Price is a bit of a drawback here, but I suppose you pay for what you get when it comes to the calibur of the ingredients. I don't live in AZ, but a True Food just opened in Denver where I live - can't wait to get back here.
5	Kale salad
5	One of my favorite places to eat! Fresh ingredients and healthy eats. Bit pricey.
4	Edamame dumplings---delicious Caramelized onion tart---goodPan seared sea bass --- I really enjoyed the Brussels sprouts, I didn't really care for the purple potatoes it tasted dry and overcooked, the fish itself was cooked wellAlmond Olive Oil cake with greek yogurt---the combination of both of the ingredients did not seem to pair well with each other. I think had the almond olive oil cake been topped with anything else it would have been much better.
5	I love love LOVE this place. My boss (who is into healthy eating) recommended this place. I went over with some highly skeptical friends and one dinner was enough to convert them into believers! The food here is so good! We had the Shrimp dumplings and the Onion tart as starters. We ordered the Shirataki noodles and street tacos as entrees. So also ordered the Kale-aid. All of the dishes were yummy. I have gone back many times since then and have never been disappointed! I have gone after yoga to get some Kale salad or the chicken chopped salad. I always have to get the Kale aid. Once, a guy at the next table, uprooted a whole plant by mistake (on the patio) and was highly embarrassed as was his date! Ever since, I have very careful not to throw my arms around as I can be quite clumsy sometimes! I do NOT want to be banned from my favorite place for my clumsiness! I don't think I can live without True Food!
1	I was pretty excited to try this place after all of the excellent reviews.  Unfortunately, nobody from my table of 6+ enjoyed at all what they ate.  It really does taste "healthy", in that it doesn't have a lot of flavor, and is more like running on a treadmill.  Yeah, it's good for you, but it's not really how I'd like to spend my time and money with friends.The kale salad was fine, considering it was kale.The only semblance of enjoyable dish was the beef/steak tacos, which a friend got.
4	Came here twice in one week because I loved it so much. The location is gorgeous and since I went during the holidays, outdoor seating was very scenic. The kale salad was my favorite and the butternut squash spagetti a close second. I wish it wasnt as overpriced as it is for how big the portions are but I guess fresh ingredients come with a price! Am excited to go back and try more items on their menu!
3	Visited with a friend to catch up on some long overdue girl talk.This is NOT the place to do it - could hardly hear her across the table, but heard the conversation next to me all too clear - the aucostics in this place are awful and honestly even though the meals were great (overpriced but tasty) I will not be returning until it's warm enough to eat outdoors so you are not competing with the ceiling - odd to not return to restaurant due to noise level but it really was that bad.
5	I am a fan of True Food in San Diego and this Phoenix location did not disappoint.  My Kale salad was perfectly yummy. I tried the steak street tacos and they were tasty. 3 tacos were a blend of the warm steak bits, and yummy veggies with some sour cream. my son in law had the chicken sausage pizza on a gluten free crust. again, very tasty! The food is tasty and comes out attractively prepared. Our waitress was a delight-helpful and knowledgeable. This location is in the Biltmore shopping center. Parking is validated.
2	Too expensive for what you get. I would way rather go to Pita Jungle, or Federal, or pretty much anywhere...
5	Um can you say unbelievably amazing, not to mention I am so bummed they don't have one of these back home, (I'm from Minnesota.) Came to this delicious restaurant while visiting a girlfriend in the Phoenix area. I wish I hadn't; only because it's all I think about!Started with a Bloody Mary--best one I've had. You can taste the fresh-ness, like they literally made the tomato juice there themselves. We ordered the edamame dumplings as an appetizer. So fresh and light. A great starter to a meal, as it was not too large/heavy..We ordered three meals to share/taste: spaghetti squash, autumn salad, and turkey burger with sweet potato hash. The favorite by far was the spaghetti squash as our conversation revolved around the question of HOW to make this!The food is excellent.The service was "okay." Our server was somewhat nonexistent. Fortunately for her, the food makes up for that here. Yes, coming from a server veteran herself, I did just say that the service can be poor if the food is this delicious. I will be returning on my next visit to Phoenix. Until then, can you PLEASE OPEN ONE IN MINNEAPOLIS?!?
5	I went here one rare freezing night after our pilates class and it was even better than I had anticipated after reading reviews on Yelp and checking out their menu.  Started with the hummus and asked for some veggies instead of pita (saving those calories).  Instead of the standard tasteless carrots and celery, they brought us a bowl of mixed baby carrots (different colors and fresh), barely steamed broccoli, baby tomatoes, squash, pickles - I could have made a meal out of that, but then we dipped them in the hummus...heavenly.  One friend got the lasagna and was in raptures.  The other got the salmon, and told me it was her third time ordering it because it was so amazing.  Their homemade "soda" was good enough to consider it dessert.  We shared a kale salad, and it was simple and delicious.  I had the sea bass and can honestly say I have never had better.  It was on a bed of roasted cauliflower, mushrooms, and brussels sprouts.  I practically licked the plate clean.  All sustainably grown, organic, well-prepared, and delivered with expertise.  The waitstaff was efficient, pleasant, helpful, and not hovering.  I will be back again, maybe even this week.  Sooooooo good.
5	Why do they get 5 Stars you ask? Because they know how to feed you the right way. Put service and wait time aside, if we ate this way all day everyday, there would not be an epidemic of obesity, diabetes and clogged colon's here in America!Yes their prices are high, they are always so packed it feels like your rubbing elbow's as you eat, BUT wat's most important is that their food is made of whole food ingredients, not canned, boxed, processed or pre made foods. They actually do it all right there in the dining room. You will see them peeling fruits & vegetables right in front of you. It almost feels like we're all in the Kitchen.What's good there? The Kayle salad W/Chicken, Kayle & mushroom pizza and the red curry chicken! Yum!!!
5	The most deliciously guiltless meal you could ever have.Came in for the first time with my sister on Saturday for brunch. The place was packed - and righteously so. We had to wait for probably ten minutes as we came in asking simply for the next available table (rather than asking to sit outside... The weather was gorgeous but satiating our hunger mattered more at that point :)). My sister ordered the red chili shrimp, I ordered the spaghetti squash casserole with grilled chicken. We asked if we could share a Weekend Warrior, and the server told us Sure! without hesitation. Red Chili Shrimp was spot on. The flavors were great, and we were honestly surprised. Usually when an American restaurant takes on Asian/Asian-inspired menu items, we can tell that it's for an Americanized palate. My only note: the server warned my sister that her dish was spicy. To my Asian brothers and sisters who savor the heat from an authentic Thai dish, or Vietnamese bun bo hue, or a hearty Indian curry.... the meaning of "spicy" here and the meaning of "spicy" to your palate most likely aren't equal. Yes, you could taste the spice, but you couldn't FEEL the spice (and I'm a gal that typically likes to FEEL the spice). Not knocking the dish, because it was cooked to perfection, but I just wanted to put that out there for those who might be expecting more of a kick. The Spaghetti Squash Casserole was absolutely satisfying. Everything went together perfectly. The tomato sauce had great flavor and saucy thickness to it as one would expect for a typical pasta dish. The chicken was grilled to perfection. Didn't leave my mouth with any gritty taste of burnt, but a real grilled flavor that more chefs could use to master. The fresh mozzarella was definitely the irresistible icing on the cake. Melted to the right consistency to meld with the rest of the rich flavors of the dish. If I could have spaghetti in squash form more often, I'd definitely go for it. Well done, TFK. Hats off to you!And holy cow, I've honestly been craving a Weekend Warrior since I finished my cup. Speaking of, they brought it out in two separate cups, which my sister and I certainly appreciated. Before getting the drink I thought they would've just given us two straws to share. Happy they didn't go that route. :) Simply good service. Anyway, who knew almond butter and flax could go well in a smoothie? If TFK broke off a part of its business to specialize in smoothies, I would happily be a dedicated customer even solely to that. Seriously, Jamba Juice -  can you learn something from TFK?! Really great service. Attentive enough to make you comfortable and never needing anything, and giving you and your company the privacy you want. A great casual dining experience I'd recommend to all. Can't wait to return!P.S. It'd be much appreciated if you introduce this great thing you've got going on with the rest of the states. AZ, CA, and CO can't be the ones who have all the luck!
4	This place is so yummy. They have this raw veggies appetizer and it's nothing like I'd ever seen before. When i say raw, I mean it seems like they have a garden in the back and they just picked them. Their edamame and dumplings are so good. They are flavorful! I wish the portion was bigger. I always get their squash casserole and it's one of the best tasting foods I have ever had. I find myself craving it at random times very frequently. I love eating here because you can taste the fresh quality in every bite of the food but also because you don't feel like you're gonna have a heart attack after you eat.
5	Quality quality quality! Its in the name and the food is delish! The menu is seasonal and the food is fresh.Oh and we ran into Pink here! No, not the color silly, the singer!!! It was awesome! They must be doing something right to get that kind of celebrity to come to eat here! I definitely recommend!
4	Very green food indeed and good taste. It took us about 10 minutes to wait until got a table. I ordered a Panang Curry with chicken and my wife ordered a Farmer's Market, For the kid we ordered a collection of carrot, apple, grape and chicken. All the veggies looks fresh and they are really are. Drinks we ordered the cucumber refresher and carrot apple ginger tonic, very soft and fresh, even my kid can take a sip. Although we cannot take every meal like this (imagine a whole week of veggies? No ...), but it really feels good having a meal you don't need to count the calories.
4	Family dinner (we have a lot of those) with kids and they were as happy as we were here.  The crudite' appetizer was delicious and I'm pretty sure we all got about 2 days worth of our veggies here.  We did need a second fill of the tzatsiki sauce though.  The kale salad was great too.  But the star of this meal was my daughter's squash, walnut, and arugula pizza.  I am grateful that she shared a slice with me but next time I will get one of my own!
5	Loved it!  I had the Farmers salad and they were very accommodating to my requests to change the salad a bit.  Nice choices of organic wines as well.  I had the Chardonnay and it was yummy.  I went by myself to read a book and the server was respectful of the alone time I was there for.  I will definitely go back again to try something else.
3	This was a case of the emperors new clothes to me.  Maybe I just don't get it and that's ok-maybe you will.  Very well run restaurant, service was excellent, place was packed for lunch on the Friday I went. Quality of the food was good.  I had the bison burger.  Being from Montana I've add bison before and this was just ok. It was a  little bland.  Came with like a sweet potato hash that was ok, definitely not memorable.  Had a cucumber cooler to drink. It was refreshing but for $5 and no refill, I would have rather had an alcoholic beverage but I don't think they serve alcohol.  Lunch was $23 plus a $5 tip.  Nearly a $30 lunch with little to show for it.  I should have followed other reviews advice and gone to Delux for a burger.
3	Great food, but the portions are a bit small for the prices. I love the idea of eating locally and I realize it is a bit more costly to do things that way, but after a $60 dinner (2 drinks, 2 meals, 1 dessert), hubby and I shouldn't both still be hungry. The food we DID get was awesome- I had a chicken sausage pizza and hubby had some sort of seafood soup. The dessert was flourless chocolate cake and it was delicious, but $7 was a bit much for a round cake that was quite a bit smaller than your average cupcake and a golf-ball sized scoop of vanilla-caramel ice cream.The service here was awesome and they happily accommodated our group of 18. It was pretty empty when we came in, but crowded by the time we left. The decor of fresh fruits and veggies, clean lines and Asian influences was great except that one of my friends ended up with a fruit fly in her drink.
4	Been here a few times, love this place because everything is so healthy and natural, their freshly squeezed kale juice is amazing, and really love their quinoa salad, this place is a bit too loud and pricy but quality is really good, oh and their fish tacos are really good too!
4	We had dinner here tonight for the first time. We really enjoyed it! The food was super tasty and clean. That was the most hearty miso soup I've ever had. The lettuce cups were just as good as P.F. Changs, yet I'm willing to bet much healthier. The veggie plate and hummus was phenomenal and that was on the kids menu! My husband, MIL and FIL all said their dishes were delicious. Very satisfying for such a healthy meal. My only criticism was that the music was a little too loud. That being said I liked the atmosphere overall.
3	The presentation of my street tacos was very nice. They tasted very good and the request for the beef to be cooked medium was accomplished. However, I had a large chunk of an avacado pit left in one of my tacos which I bit down on. It was super hard, and could have been an issue if I swallowed it. We brought it to the waitresses attention and she spoke with her manager. They confirmed that it was part of the avacado pit, but they didn't say anything past that. I was dissappointed they did not at least discount the price of the tacos. Other than that, we enjoyed our food and the atmosphere was kind of cool.
2	I don't get what all the excitement is all about. Food is flavorless
4	Everything was great and our bartender Gina was fantastic.  I'll come back to add to this but had to comment on the squash desert as it is out of this world.
5	My husband and I had dinner here on 3/9/13. As usual, the food was fabulous, from the mojito to the olive oil almond cake. Yum! The wait staff was ultra-informative and attentive. True Food continues to be one of my favorite places!
5	Very healthy and fresh food! I love going here and always leave happy and full. The have a great salad selection with a wide variety of proteins you can add.
5	I absolutely love True Foods, so much so that I don't mind the prices. I recommend the chicken salad with farro and dates, the butternut squash pizza, and the chicken curry. Their cocktails are also very good, and their patio is nice. Their healthy drinks are also tasty, too.Good service every time I go, and I've never had to wait for a table. I also love their open kitchen. I just wish they had a happy hour.
5	Absolutely nothing to complain about with this place! Service with a smile & delicious fresh food. Price about $25-30 per person is comparable to any nice place (esp in this area). I'm not sure about the issues with portion sizes, I had the roasted chicken and it was plenty. Also had the pomegranate sorbet - soooo good.
5	Wow. Amazing experience from start to finish. Servers were attentive and personable. Food was unique, healthy, and amazingly good. Price was reasonable for the organic, grass-fed fare. Highly recommended.
3	True Food has an interesting concept of including a "superfood" with every dish. I ordered a Penang curry, and I guess the superfood in it was coconut milk? I'm not sure. It comes with three protein choices: chicken, shrimp and tofu. I chose tofu, and was expectantly awaiting my side of brown rice only to see it nowhere in sight when the food arrived. Alas, the brown rice was drowning at the bottom of the bowl, soggy and soaked in curry sauce. That was really disappointing for me, because the idea of rice is so that you can modulate how salty you want each mouthful to be, but because every grain of rice was drenched in milky, creamy curry, that proved to be impossible. The taste is decent, although not quite spicy enough for my tastes, but if you ever order this, be sure to request for your rice on the side. I also ordered some shrimp dumplings, which was probably overcooked as the dumpling skin was gelatinous and gluey.Service was bright and chirpy, but I guess coming from NYC, everyone else will seem angelic in comparison.
5	Huge increase in vegetarian/vegan foods here over the past year. Very nice staff, great atmosphere, tasty food, what else could you want!
4	Great place for lunch, but can get crowded and loud. They do great things with kale here! I like the kale pizza and the Tuscan kale salad. I am a vegetarian, and there is no shortage of choices. But I've probably had 10 or so different items here and they have all been delicious.  I usually get a miso soup with whatever main dish, and it's quite tasty.Excellent service as well.  I have been many times and have always found the wait staff to be courteous and attentive.
3	True Food I wanted to love you on this first time visiting you but I simply didn't.There was nothing bad about the place but there wasn't anything amazing either. The patio was really nice and the weather made it that much more enjoyable but there was nothing that really stood out for me. The hostess was really nice, I will say. I met a friend and started off with the cucumber martini...not sure if that's what it's called but that's what I'm going with. It was tasty but didn't seem like there was any sort of alcohol in it whatsoever...now before you call me a lush, I don't require a wince at first sip but for $9 I'd sure like to know there's some kind of zing in my drink. Not a huge deal.My friend & I both ordered the farmer's market salad. She opted for no meat which was a good idea as adding chicken is $5 but I opted for protein as I was pretty hungry. The ingredients were fresh...I'll give you that. Peas, asparagus, beans, greens with a champagne vinaigrette but at $16 after the chicken, it was overpriced and not a salad that I haven't seen elsewhere for far less. Our server was nice but didn't really make any kind of conversation...made it kinda robotic to be honest. I might return to give it a second go as I'm sort of a softy but I'm really hoping the next time around, True Food gives more bang for the buck.
4	After a huge disappointment at a Thai restaurant - our party went to a place called "True Foods". I had been to the one in Scottsdale and liked it and this one in Phoenix proved to be on par with the other.My wife and I both had the Tuscan Kale salad with grilled chicken, son had Street Tacos and DIL had Asian Noodles - ALL of the meals were purdy darn good - except my wife's Chicken was a bit dry - mine was nice and juicy, but it came late - a small issue! We also decided to share two deserts among the four of us - a Chi Pudding with Banana and Coconut and a Strawberry and Rhubarb Crisp with Vanilla Ice Cream - ending our trip to True Foods was VERY GOOD!The restrooms were clean, the rest of the place was showroom and the food that you are going to receive is right our on display. They validate your parking so you get two hours for free. Credit cards are accepted and you won't be disappointed. We each tried something different and were very happy with our choices - I'd still like to try their pizzas because they looked incredible on their way to other tables. The place was buzzing - a true sign that you were getting true GOOD food!
5	Health nut's ideal spot!
4	Good for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Whenever I go, it's usually with vegan friends, and yet I am able to find something to fill me up. Great decore and atmosphere. Will return again and again.
4	Came here on a Tuesday night to catch up with an old friend. Ordered the Farmer Salad with Chicken - delicious! Love the atmosphere, the varied menu and the wine list is spot on. Can't wait to come back!
5	I love to come back here for the refreshing drinks and for the pizza, so far I've been here often enough and their pizza doesn't bother my stomach even with the cheese. I am hooked on the cucumber juice and also their variety on desserts...will need to go back again, it's been almost a year.
5	Amazing food! So healthy and great service. Wish AZ would have more places like this.
5	i want to move there just so i can eat here frequently! love their veggies & concept
5	Where do I start?!  The True Food Kitchen is superb. It all started with the fresh house made juice. I chose the "Kale Aid" .  I thought it was very hydrating and delicious all at the same time. At first look I thought it would be a vegetarian rest. but it's actually more of a "anti-inflammatory" restaurant where they focus on healthy dishes that do more good than harm on your body. A nutritionist by the name of Dr Weil is the founder. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. We sampled multiple dishes. One that I ordered was called "Panang Curry". If you like thai peanut sauce get this. Overall...great experience. Thanks Dr Weil!
5	Been here several times.. Always good food and the dessert is delicious as well. Their cucumber refresher drink is my favorite. A little pricy but still worth it.
4	Clean, simple, healthy food with a good amount of variety on the menu. I love restaurants like this that prove healthy food doesn't need to be boring or bland. I got the turkey burger which was delicious, as was the kale salad and sweet potato hash. There was no shortage of food options that sounded tasty and quite a few choices for gluten-free and vegetarian diets. They also had a lot of really interesting looking (non-alcoholic) drinks and I kind of regret not trying one out--next time I suppose!
3	If I were basing this review on taste alone, I'd give True Food five stars.But this review is based on more than taste. It's based on price, because I'm a broke college student who wants to eat healthy without going bankrupt.That being said, if you're into the health food scene and enjoy spending $10-$20 on a main dish, this place is for you. Which makes Ture Food a place I ask my mom to take me when she and I go out for brunch.Many of their dishes are delicious (namely the shaved turkey sandwich, sweet potato hash, and soyrizo breakfast burrito), but could also be re-created at home with a small amount of culinary skill.I do really respect True Food for also locally sourcing all of their food, and for being vegan-friendly and gluten-free friendly, but there are certainly smaller restaurants around Phoenix where locally-sourced food is offered at a cheaper price.
5	I could eat here every day.  It has healthy food that is well prepared and has a good presentation.  It is casual and hip,modern and clean.  If you just want healthy food or are a vegan, you can find something for you.  Sit out side if you can.  Walk around the Biltmore Shopping Center.  Bring your kids and they can play on the. Grass.
2	Overpriced veggie. Not fulfilling. food was meh!
5	I eat here atleast twice per week.  The staff is friendly and the food is great.  For lunch, try the shaved turkey and at dinner go for the steak teriyaki.
4	I went here earlier this week on a work outing. The food and drinks were very fresh and tasted good! If they weren't so pricy I would definitely stop in here more often. I will probably visit again on a special occasion.
4	Always consistent. 2nd best lettuce cups in the valley. Fancy drinks!
2	Hey, the food wasn't bad. Like a lot of people here, definitely felt like we paid a lot for what we got (but maybe that's the "natural" or "true" food mentality). Our server Tyler didn't really pay attention to us (lots of awkward eye contact, like oh shit I forgot about you guys), and no offers to refill drinks. The close proximity of tables can make one feel claustrophobic. My girl friend ordered the curry and commented that she felt something was missing afterwards. Come to find the rice was missing. When we informed our waiter, his reply was simply "sorry about that I will let the kitchen know." $14 for an incomplete meal!!!! Not to mention the vegetables were semi-raw still (but maybe that's a "true" thing).
5	Everything about TFK is awesome; from the vibe, to the drinks, to the food. This is one of the most unique concepts you will ever find. The food is very healthy, but so incredibly tasty. I recommend the Turkey Burger.
4	If it weren't for the higher-than-they-should-be prices, the food is great. The kale is out of this world. If True Food has done anything, it has encouraged me to cook and eat at home more :)
4	My only complaint about this place is the noise level.  It is difficult to have a conversation.  The food is wonderful.  We said we would share a salad to start and they brought it already split, with both of us getting quite a large amount.  I ordered the bison burger with all of the fixings on the side.  It was recommended medium and it was perfectly cooked.  The sweet potato hash made it impossible to finish the whole burger.We had a 25% off coupon only good for the 4th of July.  Fox concepts sends them for most holidays when you sign up for their email...will try there new seafood Ola e on the next one!
5	I am seriously in love with True Foods. I can't afford to go all the time because it's very pricey but the food is amazingly delicious and extremely healthy. They have awesome drinks. I always start with the vegetable crudite. It's a nice bowl of yummy vegetables served with two sauces. I had the albacore tataki which is good but cost about the same as my huge bowl of veggies. I have had a couple of their salads which of course are so delicious that I am drooling as I write this. My finance got the street tacos which he thoroughly devoured but after we left, he was still hungry so portions are small and the price is large. We had two desserts, I don't remember what they were called but his was a lemon bar or pie of some sort. He loved it and I had a berry cobbler with frozen greek yogurt. Yum!!!
5	I love everything about this place. It's healthy, it's delicious, tons of organic options. You just FEEL GOOD going here. The spaghetti squash casserole is really good, so is the Panang Curry with tofu...but my favorite thing is the kale salad with grilled chicken. It's refreshing, light, lemony, just all around good. I think I could eat it for lunch every single day and not get sick of it. Everything on the menu looks so good it's hard to decide what to get! Good red wine selection (very important) and lots of good juice options, I tried a kale one the last time I was there. Definitely not cheap though. I'm sure I'd eat here a lot more if it wasn't so pricey. But definitely worth it every once in a while- you're paying for the quality of the healthy organic food.
5	NOMNOMNOM.  I have been here about 4 or 5 times and it never disappoints.  Yes it is a bit pricey, because, sadly, you do pay more n this country to eat healthy food.  But this place does it right with local fresh ingredients and sustainable items.  Their menu changes seasonally and I am happy to say that the summer menu is as good as the winter one was.  We started with a glass of Tangent Pinot Grigio, which was perfect and was served in an ice bucket at our table side.  My buddy and I shared the watermelon and heirloom tomato salad and WOW.  Best and most interesting salad I have had in Phoenix, and I go out every night I am in Phoenix, which means three nights a week for the last year and a half.  My bud ordered the salmon, which she liked alot but still prefers the preparation they do in the winter months.  That didn't stop her from scarfing the whole thing down, though.  I had the halibut with Asian mushroom and eggplant.  The halibut was perfectly prepared and worth the $26 price tag (I told you it is pricey).  I loved the eggplant, the squash, and the sauce, but am not a fan of the mushrooms, which were too tough to cut and a bit of a disappointment.  I am still a bigger fan of the pan seared trout that I had last time I was here, and that is what I will get next time.  I am usually not a fresh water fish eater, but the preparation here is divine and I still dream about that darn fish.  My partner in crime insisted on ordering the flourless chocolate cake for dessert and the one bite I allowed myself was to die for.  It was swimming in warm caramel and topped with very rich vanilla ice cream.  DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE.  Truly fabulous.
4	I finally tried TFK and you should believe the hype.Thai shrimp dumplings with basil, mint & red chili.....amazing!!!!Panang curry w/ brown rice & shrimp....fantastic, but needed a little sriracha.Organic corn & eggplant pizza with sweet onion, roasted garlic, goat cheese & basil....outstanding. Nectarine & berry cobbler w/ vanilla ice cream....so very good!!!!!!!Not everyone will enjoy the food as much as I did, but I recommend giving it a try.
3	I ordered the tuna salad which was a very small portion and lacked all of the greens this place raves about.  My wife's dish was a curry with the rice already mixed in that was like more of a soup.  The service and ambiance was the reason this place received a 3 star rating from me.  I did like the high ceilings and clean lively scene.
4	Very good food. Everything is fresh and tasty. The service is fast and friendly.I am a big fan of the watermelon heirloom tomato salad and the seasonal market salads.My only complaint is that they are a little expensive. I wish there were more places like True Food that offered genuinely delicious and healthy food. The prices are too high to eat here regularly like other take out places. This is a once in a while splurge, but I wish I could eat like this every night!
4	I was in Phoenix for a business trip and avoided going to TFK my first night because it was so crowded.  The second night it wasn't too busy so I went in.  After eating the food, I know why it was so busy the first night.  Great food and a friendly atmosphere.  I eat a gluten-free diet which in most places makes you feel like your selections are limited...not at TFK.  Excellent selection - my only problem was that I was only there for one night and didn't have enough room in my stomach to try all of the things I wanted.  Next time I am in Phoenix, I will be back...and will wait on line if I have to.  (Note:  went to Christopher's on the first night - what a waste.  Should have went to TFK both nights)
4	True Food is a healthy alternative to your typical restaurant. The Kale salad is amazing! I didn't think I would like kale. Also amazing are the Spaghetti Squash Casserole and the Turkey Pita. They also have a large variety of specialty sodas in addition to beer and wine. The staff is very knowledgeable on all food too.
3	The restaurant is located in the center of the mall and was easy to find.  The signage was large and bright.  The inside of the restaurant was clean and appropriately lit. There was music playing in the background and a football game was playing on the television above the bar.  The temperature inside the restaurant was comfortable.My thoughts on the food:Shrimp DumplingsThe shrimp dumplings were visually appealing and served warm on a round white dish.  It was an appropriate serving for one or two guests. The dumplings tasted fresh and were served with a spicy soy sauce.  Inside the dumplings there was a mix comprised of shrimp, basil, mint and red chili.  The dumplings exceeded our expectations.Red Chili ShrimpWe ordered the red chili shrimp based on our server's recommendation and we were not disappointed. This dish was visually appealing and served hot with sesame noodles, gai lan, spinach and shiitake mushrooms. It was a generous serving that provided enough food for two guests and exceeded our expectations.Turkey LasagnaThis pasta dish contained spinach, ricotta cheese, organic tomatoes and ground turkey.  It was served hot, flavorful and the ingredients tasted fresh.  It was visually appealing and provided enough food for one guest.Lemon TartThe lemon tart was thick, with a dense texture that was softened by the serving of cream on top of it. This dessert was served cold and was large enough for two guests to share.  It was artistically created and the taste exceeded our expectations.
4	I am gluten free, so I find no greater joy in life than picking up a menu and seeing the "gf" symbol next to items I can indulge in.  I ordered the spinach and turkey lasagna and it was a dream come true.  Our super friendly waitress explained that they use a spinach noodle that is completely gluten free!  It came in a rustic dish that I wanted to take home with me and was cheesy, robust and delicious.  My friend ordered a gluten free pizza which was also a hit.     I can't wait to go back!
4	Quality ingredients? Inventive menu items? Yes please!After a long day of travel I wasn't in the mood for a heavy dinner, and True Food really delivered on all fronts. Being a Monday night, there was plenty of seating available, and our group of five scored a really cool table in the middle of the dining area. Service was on point and we all had drinks right away! I wanted to try a cocktail, but after a long weekend of fun I had to settle for iced green tea. I don't know if I was just really thirsty or what, but it was some of the best green tea I've ever had.We started with the hummus and the vegetable crudites, both of which were amazing. The veggies were so fresh and piled on ice, and came with two different sauces. I wish I had one of those in my fridge at all times. It was so nice to be eating things out that were so ridiculously healthy and good!For my entree, I ordered the panang curry with brown rice, potatoes, broccoli, ginger, carrots, mushrooms, and coconut shellfish broth. It was seriously great and had the perfect amount of spice, and I wish I wasn't already almost full when I started eating it! The flavors were fantastic and I could see it being the perfect dish for a cold day (although we are in Phoenix...) Maybe I need to figure out how to make it at home in St. Louis.Really lovely space for healthy food and and a fun atmosphere. Thanks for a great night True Food!
5	Kale salad is big and delicious and server even remembered to ask if I was ok with Parmesan and bread crumbs, which I am not, so great service. Also enjoy the ice tea, out door patio, light music, and every dish I have tried is great. The environment is relaxing outside, but a little load inside.
2	After having had many great eating and service experiences at the Tru Food in the Scottsdale Quarter, my boyfriend and I decided to visit the Biltmore location close to the Scottsdale Fashion Square. Well, sadly, it was like a completely different restaurant and not in a good way. He had the shaved turkey sandwich with the sweet potato "hash." The sandwhich was super dry with nothing on it or offered to moisten it up a bit. No real veggies on it either except a little shred of lettuce and a couple of grapes. The "hash" amounted to little more than some half cooked cubes of sweet potatoes poured on the plate. We couldn't figure out what was hash-like about it. He ate only half the sandwich and didn't bother with the hash after a couple of mouthfuls. But the real issue was with what I ordered, the Street Tacos with what they were calling Sea Bass on the menu. I'd had these over in Scottsdale and they were amazing. But when I received  the three tiny circular mini-tacos at this location, the fish looked gray and sort of cooked, I guess, but mushy. It didn't  look like any sea bass I'd ever seen or eaten, but I thought I'd try them. Well, they were gushy and really fishy smelling. No amount of pico de gallo could cover up the substandard quality of this fish. When the server came by and asked how everything was, I asked her if the fish was fresh. She said "yes, we get it every two days, flown in from Alaska. It's free range." hahahaha I almost corrected her that sea bass, even crappy sea bass, doesn't come from Alaska and fish aren't free range...they're not chickens on a farm. She was obviously badly trained in their own food sources. I told her it was mushy and questionable in quality and to just take it away. Then she said, "I always get the steak version of the tacos." I guess we now know why...Next thing you know, the manager is at our table asking about it all. I asked if it was old or just not cooked thoroughly, but he assured me that it was neither. But he did say that their sea bass was really baramundi, which is NOT normal sea bass, but an Asian substitute (farm-raised and NOT from Alaska, more like Indonesia). To his credit, he did comp my meal since I didn't eat much of it, but we won't be back to this location again. Why bother?  So we can tempt fate and our good health with some other questionable fish or other dish? I don't think so. Oh, and when I asked him if he had tried the fish tacos, he hesitated and admitted he always gets the steak version. Hmmm. Wish I had too!As for the service, it was very slow at 4:30 on a Sunday (hardly anyone in there either). They were having some kind of on and off staff meeting right in front of the customers, ignoring everyone. Weird. Staff meetings should be before or after they open, not during business hours.So, be aware that like all chains, each Tru Food location is NOT the same. Go to Scottsdale Quarter if you can for great, fresh food, super service, and a better atmosphere. Do yourself and your health a favor and skip Biltmore.
4	"If veggies always tasted like this, I would have eaten all of my veggies as a kid"Everything about my experience was pretty fantastic. So let's break it down(1) ambiance - 4/5 (2) service  - 5/5(3) food - 4/5Ambiance - This place is very welcoming and adds to the idea they want to be transparent and emphasize that everything is made with TLC. You can stand at the entrance and see through the whole restaurant. It's nice there are not a lot of obstructions from one table to the next to the kitchen to where the staff was rolling the silverware. The open windows allows the natural light to make this place very open as well. Why the 4.. well... the tables are so close together and it was hard to move and harder for the staff to ask us things or bring us our food without having to navigate the matrix.Service - Service was absolutely fantastic. I was there with a large group who did not all arrive at the same time. That did not stop the waiter from asking us did we need anything while we waited and then come back and ask that as our party straggled in. To add to that, I loved how the staff would just jump in and help our server regardless if that was their table or not. It ensured we did not have to wait and that the server could be more effecient and effective. For example, one of the staff persons, walked over and took a ton of menus from our server so that he could focus on us and not menus, holding, not dropping, and us.Food - The food was amazing. We started with the Vegetable crudites, Edamame dumpling, dumpling like things and hummus. The vegetable crudites blew me away. If veggies tasted that good ALL the time, I would probably eat more of them more often. I mean it was beautifully presented and extremely fresh. There were veggies on there I might not eat on a regular, but it may have changed by mind.The other items were just okay. They didn't wow me. For a refresher I had the pomegranate limeade which was quite refreshing!So the entrees - I had the trout and the kale salad. When I tell you this kale salad was plentiful and absolutely delicious.. I was speechless at how tasty this was. I am going to have to recreate this.. It was so simple but flavorful. The trout was meh.. It was cooked well but so salty that I could only eat half. I guess between the capers and the olives, and the sauce it was a bit overpowering.I can't wait to get back there! Everyone was super friendly and it's nice that my food is made with TLC.. just like (or pretty close) to how I would make it at home.
3	True foods is a fun, modern-feeling restaurant that offers very fresh and unique meals. In general, when I read the description of a dish here, I only know what half of the ingredients are, tops. So there is a certain element of guess work involved.  Will I like gai lan, purslane, or manchego? I have no idea.And you'd better like kale if you go to this place. Seriously. They are all about kale.I've eaten here several times and while I've liked the food, I haven't LOVED it and I tend to walk away feeling like I want more. I can't identify what that "more" might be, but I can tell that it's missing. Everything has just been "ok", with the exception of the spring market salad, which I absolutely *FELL IN LOVE* with. Only to return and find it was gone for the season. Bummer. Overall, a 3.5.
5	Love this place! Never disappoints, salads are fantastic!  Try the chicken chopped and corn/eggplant pizza.
1	I had been to this location once before, liked the concept, and decided to bring a friend to try it out yesterday.  Let's start off with what I liked:The Honeydew seasonal soda was refreshing and not too sweet.  The Shiitake and Tofu Lettuce cups had good flavor and texture, despite being extremely messy.Now for the rest of our experience:Firstly I should make it clear that I am not picky.  If I am hungry, I will eat anything.We ordered the Sea Bass Fish Tacos and the "TLT"(tempeh bacon BLT) sandwich to split.  The tacos were not good.  The fish was soggy and had almost no texture or flavor.  So much so that myself and my friend, though we arrived very hungry, didn't even attempt to finish them.  The sandwich was ok, and the sweet potato mash that came on the side was completely undercooked, still crunchy.  Overall, a "meh" meal.I'm not one to penny pinch when it comes to a meal.  But to pay $15 for an entree that I didn't even want to finish sucked.Now on to the service.  I get it, TFK is a busy place.  Being in the service industry myself, I am generally very understanding and patient.  Our server never even refilled our waters, or asked if we might want another soda (I did).  She was also way too touchy-feely.  After we finally received our check, I requested that she take my part out of  two 20s, and put the other half on my friends card.  Ten minutes later, she arrived to tell me that she was very busy and it " wasn't worth it to her to give me change for the second twenty", and that I could just keep the tip.  Now I don't know if she made the assumption that my tip wouldn't be worth her time because of my age, apparel, what have you.  But it felt like a huge slap in the face, considering that I was going to tip her my normal 40% despite getting shoddy service and not enjoying my meal.  I've never been treated like that, and I would never treat someone that way. It's been made very clear to me by that server that True Foods Kitchen doesn't need my business.  So guys, you got your wish.  I won't ever be back and I'll make sure to let my friends know why.
5	I love it here! I love that the staff is educated on vegetarianism and veganism! It's awesome and the food is so delicious!
4	Ok.. you hummus people.... its awesome here.  Also the Kale salad was great...  Not a fan of the Turkey burger, came out cold but everything else was Great!
4	2nd time coming here. I ordered the Watermelon Heirloom Tomato Salad. It was good because I like watermelon and tomatoes.. but for $12 for maybe 4 chunks of watermelon,  yellow melon, tomatoes.... with basil, goat cheese, and cashews sprinkled around... I don't think it's very worthwhile. I also tried the turkey burger with sweet potato has, which was also good. burger was kinda dry, but the avocado in there made it good. They use an open space concept, so you can imagine the noise level is a bit high. The ambiance is hip and natural. It gets a 4 because I left the place knowing I ate healthily, at least.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed brunch at True Food when I was here on Sunday with a chicken sausage vegetable omelette.  This is a great place for people with dietary restrictions.  I really enjoyed brunch way more than the dinner menu, but I will need to re-visit to update my decision.  This place is a little more pricey but they stress the idea of a seasonal menu that nourishes your mind, body and spirit. Can't ask for more if it is all fresh food, they truly know how to be innovative with all healthy ingredients.  Also, try one of the fresh drinks, they are all super delicious.  Both drinks that my friend and I ordered, we both loved.  I had the Hangover RX (although I didn't need a hangover remedy).True Food is in a great location in the Biltmore Fashion Park.  Indoor seating is nice, a little overcrowded, but outdoor patio is a great - of course in a cooler climate.  But it is relaxing if you get the chance, the misters are out.  Check this place out.
5	OK.... We eat out a lot, and in a lot of places... So... it takes a good deal to really be unique.  Being a healthy eater I am constantly looking for good / good for you eating out options.  If you are the same, I highly recommend dropping into True Good Kitchen.  We went in on a Sunday evening so the wait was only about 10 minutes.  The staff was very friendly, and helpful, and the food was absolutely phenomenal.  I had the grass fed bison burger with kale salad and sweet potato hash.  It was the best bison and Kale I have ever had.  I typically do not do deserts but they had a Chia Coconut/banana pudding.  I was very delighted with the food and service we received.  If you are in the area, or in an area that has a True Food Kitchen this is a must.
5	Oh True Food...I have visited you many times since your opening and you never fail to deliver on great service and yumilicious food.I really love your Summer Salad which I had on my most recent visit...the perfect combination of ingredients..it makes my heart sing. (I hope that I can get the summer salad in the winter?) I know you like to mix things up my darling True Food...I also had the Watermelon Rose cocktail which may be my favorite cocktail of late...You just make me so happy True Food!! Thank you for being you and sorry I didn't review you sooner....I would never take you for granted!
5	I crave the Tuscan Kale Salad.  And the service is always excellent.  Always.
3	Lots of healthy options. Good for people watching. Ginger Ale made to order. Mediterranean Chicken salad was good yet pricey
3	This place has a great atmosphere and I like the healthy living menu theme - especially the fresh made drinks.  The food was enjoyable - though, nothing that can't be easily replicated at home after a quick stop at Whole Foods.  My biggest issue is that True Foods is way, way, way OVERRPRICED for what you are getting.  There is nothing truly special here to merit the cost of the meal - you'll likely enjoy whatever you order, but you will also leave with a nagging feeling that you got fleeced...
4	There were three of us for Sunday brunch.  I ordered the ahi tuna sliders.  It was rather pricey but I wasn't bothered because I LOVE fresh ahi!  It came with a kale salad and sweet potato hash, which were excellent.  Alas, the ahi was not so fresh, Hence the 4 stars instead of 5.My co-brunchers had the Spaghetti squash casserole and the other had organic eggs with turkey sausage.  They both said it was delicious.  Next time, I'll try one of those yummy looking margarita pizzas.  It looked fabulous!Service was 5 star, but I couldn't give 5 stars because of the ahi.  It looked great, but didn't taste fresh.
4	Decided to come base on reviews. In the area on business. Very very friendly staff. I ordered the summer seafood soup and the hangover elixir drink. Both were good. I'm sure I will be back.
3	Great food, amazing concept, but poor wait staff. Expensive as heck for very very small portions. Like I said it's an amazing concept, concept meaning idea. The idea wasn't carried out to well though.
5	TF is the best. They having fabulous service, healthy options, tasty food and the portions are perfect. I was so conflicted on what to eat, because they all sound great. To help me make my selection, she brought me tasters! I've been to TF in Newport Beach and now in Phoenix has become a favorite as well. If you're reading this...just do it - you'll love it!
5	Tonight's service was excellent. I would recommend getting table under Tony. He was really friendly compared to other servers at True Food Kitchen.I have been to TFK a few times now. I always get the Organic Corn & Eggplant Pizza and Herb Hummus. Both great vegetarian dishes. Also, the Albacore Tataki is super delicious. My first time trying it and the best comparison I can think of would be ceviche.Tried the Summer Seafood Bouillabaisse. It's French, but smells and taste like Indian.
1	I went to True Food Kitchen in the Scottsdale Quarter with Business Associates last Saturday.I had an absolutely horrible experience.  The servers were not friendly, in fact, they were "pushy".  It appeared that they wanted to rush us out of the place when we had a large party.  If anything they should have been over accomodating to our party.The staff was already rushing our dishes out to us and we had not even finished our salads and appetizers.  When the food did arrive it was not hot.  I ordered the trout which included brocolli and califlower.  I should have immediately sent my dish back but instead I "caved in" to the staff's desire to rush our table.  As it turns out this was a huge mistake.   I became violently ill by the time that I got home.   My Doctor indicated that I had contracted a severe bacterial infection which my Doctor thought in all likelihood was from "undercooked" fish or the brocolli or califlower not being properly handled.  My Doctor indicated from blood tests that the bacterial infection was definitely the result of food poisoning.It is now Wednesday, 4 days after I was at True Food Kitchen and the bacterial infection is just now starting to clear.True Food Kitchen has lost a customer for life.Dr. Weill, you have a lot of work to do if you expect your trendy, upscale, organic restaurants to survive.John
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat. Whenever my boyfriend takes me out and I get to choose, this is my go to place. And whenever a friend wants to meet for lunch or a dinner, I always suggest True Food.The food is fresh, as well as the different drinks. I always feel good about what I eat because I know that the kitchen is using the best ingredients, and keeping the dishes light and healthy. I recently ordered the trout and absolutely loved it. I also usually get the chicken chopped salad. The best drink the The Natural (cold).I have never had a bad experience with the service as well. They are friendly, knowledgeable, and want to give you the best time.I HIGHLY recommend going!
5	first time here and i was impressed! my friend and i were promptly greeted and seated and given a run-down of the menu items and how each item was selected by Dr. Weil (i'm a huge fan of the anti-inflammatory diet). we started with the hummus and were even brought a few pieces of extra pita since my friend is twice my size. the hummus was smooth and creamy and came topped with a little salad of cucumber, tomato, and olives. i ordered the red chili shrimp. was told it was hot, but it wasn't too bad, so i asked for a side of their homemade "siracha" sauce. the noodles were soft but not soggy. the tidbits of greens and the shrimp were a delicious combination. i couldn't help but to wolf the whole thing down in a matter of minutes. my friend said his curry dish was fantastic and even placed a to-go order of the same for his wife. very reasonably priced for middle class budget. friendly service and a beautiful dining area.
5	I loved my first True Foods experience. All of the food is local, seasonal and fresh! There are not many places to go these days that offers nothing but "true foods", so I will be a loyal patron. I had the Kale Tuscan Salad with Cucumber Honey Lemonade. The salad was perfect and large and the lemonade was out of this world. The staff was very friendly and helpful!
3	I don't know what it is but I can never really get into any Fox Restaurant Concepts. I've visited Sauce, Arrogant Butcher, True Food, and Zinburger. I go to these restaurants a lot because my girlfriend's parents love Fox and they buy gift cards by the bushel. Anyway I was True Food the other day and thought I would write a review.We started off with Chicken Chopped salad, they were out of the Mediterranean which was shocking, (how do you run out of a salad?) The salad was decent, nothing to write home about.We also split some Edamame dumplings which were the highlight of the night, honestly i should have just ordered two of those for my entree. For entrees I ordered the Margherita pizza, and my lady order the TLT and we traded halves. The pizza was solid but I wasn't blown away. The TLT on the other hand was actually really good, the Tempeh bacon tastes just like bacon and I would glady order that again. I've had the panang before and your better off just visiting a Thai restaurant. That's my big problem with the Fox concepts, their menus are all over the place, they have Thai, Italian, American, Mexican, and Mediterranean on the same menu. The food is overpriced and you would be better off visiting a restaurant that specializes in a particular cuisine.If you like pizza visit Pomo or CiboIf you like Thai, your better off at any chain, even Thai Basil.I just wish these places would have fun with the food instead of creating these "hip" dishes that sound cool ordering but lack in flavor and originality.Rant over. It's not so bad when you have a gift card!
5	Amazingly fresh and delicious with lots of gluten free options. The natural beef and black rice stir fry was outrageous (not gluten free). My wife had the Panang Curry and based on the rapturous look on her face, she enjoyed hers as well.
3	I've been to the True Foods at Biltmore twice before, but both times it was a discount promotion.  This time my friends and I decided to come here to the Scottsdale location on a normal night.  While I like the layout of the restaurant and the concept, the prices were a little exorbitant for what you get.The wait was crazy long, but I sort of expected that on a Friday night.  For a drink I got the Dos Cabezas Red Blend.  Good really good.  For the main course I got the roasted chicken, which was good, but basically just four small pieces with herbs.  For dessert, my girlfriend and I split the flourless chocolate cake with ice cream.  It was good, but super tiny.  In hindsight we should gotten one for each of us, but we didn't feel like waiting longer.  All totaled, I dropped about $35 at this place including tip just by myself.  I get that its healthy, its Andrew Wiel certified, and Sam Fox's restaurants charge you as much for the ambience as much as the food.  But I still left here pretty hungry.My advice?  Go on a promo night like Valentine's Day or AZ Restaurant Week.  Prices are much more reasonable and you'll enjoy the experience far more knowing you didn't have to clean out a big chunk of your wallet to do so.
4	I have been a bit absent from Yelp as I lost faith with some hidden reviews but I choose one of my faves in Phoenix to return with a review. True Food has added a wonderful roasted veggie salad to their menu with a horseradish dressing that is bursting with flavor! Their shrimp curry bowl is very good but lacks spice. For a beverage, you must try the Medicine Man. It's an antioxidant pomegranate/black tea based elixir that tastes like a vacation.! The only reason I don't give 5 stars is the dismissive server attitudes and sub-par service we tend to receive. Overall, I highly recommend!
3	Great service.....but mediocre food. The kale juice was a rip-off...diluted and glass full with ice. The humus dip was too sour with lemon....and the buffalo burger was salty!
5	Old Fashioned. This is awesome. A piece of Wisconsin in Phoenix at a health food restaurant. I was shocked. The old fashioned was wonderful. So good I had two. Let's say I am comfortable. I hope the nutritious food will counteract the whiskey.
3	I really want to love this place, I've eaten here multiple time, and have ended up with very mixed feelings about True Foods. I will clarify my rating to say that overall, this location is better than the one in the Scottsdale Quarter. On one hand, I love the healthy concept, I love the look of the restaurant, and I love the menu choices. One of my favorite menu options is the Vegetable Crudite. I also love all of the salads. On the other hand, the cooked food is just never prepared right. Last time we were there I had the salmon. I asked for it medium and it came well done and with no flavor. I had a similar problem when I ordered the sea bass and it came smothered in heavy umami sauce. Another great idea is the bison burger, but that came dry, overcooked and salty. If you want to enjoy true foods order something that isn't cooked and you will, but otherwise you might find your visit disappointing.
5	We went to True for lunch this week . First of all , the place is packed and for good reason . The food prep is literally being done in front of you, which as a patron makes me happy. I love the farm to table concept , and the product and food is fresh and flavorful. If you haven't discovered this gem, you are missing out. Wonderful from start to finish !!!!
2	So, this was my second time entering this establishment. The first was to buy a gift card for my daughters teacher & the bartender (the ONLY man in the place who can sell you a gift card apparently~ young guy...fohawk?) ignored my desperate glances for all of 20 minutes before he finally granted me (the sale of) 1 gift card.  So, round two, today.....was told upon arrival (12pm) that it will be 15-25 minutes for the 1st available table, wait 40 minutes before the pager buzzes only to notice she called 8 parties that arrived AFTER us. She couldn't bear to apologize for the loss of our lunch hour~ didn't care or acknowledge that we were standing 10 feet from her while she was piling other guests in front of us.  We spent 45$ (plus tip) on 2 meals that we had to leave behind, because there wasn't time to wait for our food (had to go pick up kids from school).  The waiter was nice, but I don't have a clue where they get all their customers, the pinto beans were yummy, but their fish tacos have nothing on Otro.  Never again, not for me.
5	My fav place to eat. Great food and service, can't go wrong with anything here!
1	Ate here last night. Food was poor at best.  Don't let the concept fool you, it's no good...
4	Awesome place for clean and fresh eating! Great sweet potato hash is awesome. I love that you can watch the chefs prep in the restaurant.
2	I am not a huge organic guy, nor do I have any dietary restrictions. So maybe I am not True Food's target audience. With that said, I have had organic and gluten-free fare that has been very tasty. Unfortunately, I cannot say the same about the food at TF. The dishes we ordered (chili shrimp and fish tacos) were bland and unimaginative. The setting inside was sleek and the open kitchen idea is novel. The service was slow and forgettable. And since it is organic and fresh ingredients, the prices are a bit higher. I would not refuse to go back to TF, but I certainly would not recommend it.
1	Yuck! The portions were TINY and the food really wasn't all that good. My friend and I both agreed that we should've just gone to Paradise Bakery because at least then we wouldn't have gone hungry and saved money given what we spent at True Food. I know it's supposed to be "healthy" and such, but it doesn't mean it's supposed to be bland, boring, or otherwise a waste of my daily calorie count.
5	I love finding great eateries like this while away from my home turf. The food is so fresh and tasty. I prefer organic food whenever possible and they offer it here. The restaurant is very popular and looks like a very hip place to be after work. I was here for lunch on a Saturday and it was full, made a reservation for my friends and I and were seated within 10 minutes. The noise level is in the high range here.Food is fabulous. Prices a bit on the high side but worth it. Located in an upscale shopping center within a business district. Validated 2 hour parking in the nearby lot at this writing.
4	Yum yummy yum! The food is fresh and full of flavor. The freshly prepared juices were tasty and a refreshing change from usual soda or iced tea choices.The atmosphere of the restaurant was a sort of fancy-relax. Dark but not too dark with splashes of bright colors and a well lit, visible kitchen. The waitstaff and hosts were friendly and very helpful. They had quick service that didn't feel impersonal. I will definitely be back to try more of their numerous vegetarian options.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat! It is healthy, local and seasonal! Based off a True Food cookbook which is found on Amazon. I have eaten at the restaurant a few times when I am in town. I have also bought the cookbook which every dish I have made is fantastic! These people know what they are doing with healthy, gourmet food!!!
4	The kale salad is to die for! The wait can be horrible at times, but it is worth it!
5	Delicious food, friendly staff, great with GF, and wonderful heated patio. One of my favorite places year round!
5	Love this place! Another good Fox Concept! Great to being your vegan or vegetarian friends along.
4	Finally had a chance to try True Food, as I had heard so many great things about it!Their drink menu looks interesting.  My friend ordered the honey tea, and said it was refreshing and light. Everything on their menu sounds appealing, but is a bit on the pricey side for what it is.  I ordered the chicken sausage skillet from their brunch menu.  It was good, but a little on the bland side.  Could use some salsa or hot sauce to spice it up.  The other two at my table ordered the bison burger, which was amazing!  The flax seed bun was fresh and the fixings were perfect.  Kale salad and sweet potato hash on the side, which were both really good as well.  For dessert, we all had coffee and split the flour-less chocolate cake, which was perfect in size and flavor.  The coffee was nothing to boast about, but it rarely is for me.Service was good.  I recommend sitting outside if it's a nice day.  Next time, I'd like to try the pizzas or tacos.
5	Awesome!!!  This place is amazing....great food, great drinks, great service...perfect!!  The cucumber skinny margarita was so delicious!  The waitress was very knowledgable and so helpful.  She noticed the modifications we needed to make to our dinners and suggested an amazing dessert that would fit our dietary restrictions.  We had the gluten free butternut squash pizza, which was excellent!  The crust was like a regular pizza crust, you could not tell it was gluten free.  We also had the autumn ingredient salad and the mediterranean salads.  Both of these were so flavorful....yum!!  The waitress suggested the chia seed pudding for dessert and it did not disappoint....very good!!  This restaurant is definitely on the top of my list, will be back soon to try more yummy food!
5	This is a natural junkie's paradise.  Everything fresh, organic, non-gmo & most importantly, TASTY!  A bit on the expensive side but when is healthy food not?  Our server was very knowledgeable and personable.  I wish we had a place like this where we live.
4	SOOOOooooooo good.We ate outside, there was plenty of seating inside but I read that it's noisy inside and it was a really nice day. It's got all of the F-words.Fresh.Fun.Fantastic food.Friendly staff.Fizzy drink that was yummy.Fast service.Flabby- NOT how you felt when you left.For vegetarians and folks that eat meat, alike.Free parking on one side of the mall.Fix- what they'll do to your parking pass if you park on their side of the mall.Fact: We will go back!
5	Damn. Why can't something this organic and upscale-casual with cheap prices exist in LA? Whoever invented this place is an ambiance genius. The place has natural lighting, a natural menu, and a full bar with natural juices. The bison burger was $16 and succulent, delicious, and all those other nice verbs. It came with a hefty side of kale salad. (They give you the option of kale, sweet potato hash, or a little bit of both!) The manager came over to my table and even brought organic ketchup. My friend ordered the salad with squash, brocolli, cauliflower, etc....It was filling and everything else good with the world. LETS ADDRESS THE DESSERTS: The banana pudding with chia seeds and coconut flakes was something else.... a little like a bite of heaven. If they brought a franchise like this to LA, there is no way they would fail!
4	I have wanted to go here for a while and am so glad I finally made it here. The food was so fresh and delicious and I felt great just eating it. I had half a harvest salad and half a kale salad with chicken. Also a glass of delicious Parducci. My husband had the chicken sausage pizza and it was delicious. The crudites were popular according to what other people had on their tables, so can only imagine that was good. I am a fan!
5	EVERYTHING here is delicious.  I have never been disappointed in any of it.  It also is really nice to be next to everyone preparing the fresh food for you.  The service is very friendly, and usually pretty quick for a sit-down restaurant.  There are options for vegetarians, vegans, and the omnivorous.  If you get a chance, try the Medicine Man- an amazing rush of antioxidants that will make you feel wonderful for the rest of the day!  I cannot say enough great things about this place.  Just GO.
5	I'm embarrassed that I have only ate here two times and I live in very close proximity of this restaurant. Ate here tonight and it was perfection.  The server was so genuine & amazing! Lettuce wraps were delish along with the inside out quinoa burger. I was so impressed with start to finish. This is on my new rotating list of places to eat.
5	If you place a priority on healthy clean eating, True Kitchen is your spot. I don't know that I have ever eaten at a restaurant with similar offerings.If you are Vegan, you'll kill for True Kitchen. And if you prefer poultry, fish or other, they have that also. I had a Turkey sand which. It came on pita bread and included greens, onion, zucchini, a yogurt spread and succulent carved turkey in a smooth light broth. It was awesome!Place The True Kitchen on your must visit list.
5	Amazing restaurant and food.  Right up there with seasons 52.   Will come back when in Phoenix
4	Fresh, delicious and healthy food.  The menu has something for everyone and can accommodate various food preferences, making it great for groups.
4	I was a little concerned at first as multiple wait staff wizzed by me as I sat at the bar for lunch but I was greeted within a few minutes and my nice waitperson asked me for my drink order and then took my lunch order I had the quinoa burger with a delicious kale salad  both were fab
5	I've eaten everything on the menu and I'm never disappointed.  The salmon and kale salad tastes healthy and delicious.  The quinoa burger is yummy and the turkey burger is perfect.  Order the carrot ginger tonic even though it's not on the menu anymore.  What a wonderful, healthy option for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!
2	Food - A... Service D-...We went Monday for my BDay, Food as usual was great. Dawn our server was horrible. She was rude, forgetful, and seemed to not care about anything that pertained to doing her job properly. We had to rely on other servers, expediters, etc., in order to receive what we had ordered. Luckily my company made the night great since our experience here was disappointing.  Not sure if we will return... if we do, we will make sure to not sit in Dawn's section.
4	Contemporary, healthy restaurant. They serve fresh juices/sodas with fruits and vegetables and have a variety of salads, sandwiches and main entrees. Had brought a friend that is a vegan and eats gluten-free so I was worried about her options but she had quite a few to choose from. Everything was fresh and delicious. I've had the curry with tofu and the turkey lasagna - both great!
5	I ordered the winter ingredient salad and even tho there were no greens it still was delish. I loved the natural flavors and the subtle vinaigrette drizzled. Fun menu and loved that most everything is local and organic. Def would recommend and return.
4	True Food serves up some bougie, and supposedly healthy, options.  Their dishes look and taste great.  I really enjoyed my tuna sliders with sweet potato hash and kale. However, portions are small and you'll get hungry again sooner than you should for the price you pay. Know this going in and you won't be disappointed. Nice to see cooks prepping your fresh veggies out in the open.  Our server started off doing a good job, but then disappeared somewhere so we had to flag down other servers. Overall, this was a good place to try one time but it won't be on my list of regulars.
4	This restaurant is the bomb. I get their turkey pita wrap and it is good. The fox concept restaurants are taking over the biltmore and im okay with that because for the most part the food is a good value. But you have to be nuts or have too much money to get any of their drinks. Six bucks for a juice? I'll pass.
2	Don't play it again, Sam!  Please rejuvenate this concept. Bland, uninspired food that doesn't even read well on the menu. Much better healthy items at other FRC outposts (quinoa tacos at the Henry, nearly everything at Olive + Ivy).  Also, everything is $4 more than it should be.
5	I was recommended Truefoods by a foodie friend of mine and decided to finally try it Sunday for brunch. I went along with another friend who likes to eat just as much as I.We were seated outside as requested in no more than 5 minutes at a 4-top, which is always a pleasant surprise.I started off with a Moscow mule. The waiter came back out and said they did not have ginger beer and said he could recreate it with fresh ginger and such. It was even better than expected.We split 3 entrees: spaghetti squash casserole, mushroom flatbread and shaved turkey. Everything was excellent. They even split the entrees up for us.Highly recommend coming here if you like good service and good eats.
5	I adore this place. It does sometime have a wait and it takes a while to get seated but I understand so many people like to come here for dinner. We ended up seating at the bar which is fun as well. I usually order the edamame dumplings to start and get the goat cheese pizza. These are my favorite items on the menu. Top it off with their champagne bottle and we've got a great dinner. Awesome service, great food.
5	What a refreshing and gorgeous place to enjoy a meal you know is good for you! I eat 110% organic and it is very hard to find restaurants that cater to organic eaters like myself. The menu is vast and to my knowledge a bad dish has never been created here. Tru Food makes eating out fun! Friendly staff and amazing flavors!
3	All the stars are for the excellent wait staff. As for food...it's lacking.I know why kids in America don't eat their veggies. The preparation lacking... if this food was given to me growing up, I too would have looked at vegetarians as poor souls missing on basic pleasures of life. We ordered the lentil soup, TLT,Teriyaki bowl, inside out quinoa burger, edamame dumplings. Couple of the dishes came with side of kale and sweet potato fries. Except for sweet potato fries and dumplings, everything was bland and tasteless.
4	Good, fresh food with healthy ingredients & options. Lovely juices. Love their chia pudding. Their butternut squash pizza is fantastic. Their sea bass is good as long as you ask for the disgusting sauce on the side & don't eat that. Great salads. Nice, open kitchen & open air setting. There's almost always a long wait for a table, though.
5	Been to the True Food in North Scottsdale and this one.  My choice for a last dinner would be a ribeye with everything else that goes with a great steak dinner so it's hard to believe I could give five stars to this place.  Had dinner with four others and we all shared.  I didn't try anything I didn't like.  Both restaurants had a great layout but we especially enjoyed the n. Scottsdale location.  Left satisfied but still felt like you could hike Camelback.
5	Oh, Lord, do I wish this place was in Chicago!  They serve beautiful healthy, whole food dishes in a very stylish modern setting with an open kitchen.  There is truly something for everyone - vegans, vegetarians, and carnivores.  I had the TLT which is tehmpeh, lettuce and tomato with avocado on whole grain bread.  It was rich, delicious and flavorful.  The sweet potato hash was amazing.  We were lucky to get a table outside to dine under warm, blue Arizona skies.  The restaurant is beautiful, the food is healthy and amazing.  Please come to Chicago, and bring those blue skies with you.
5	This was the one place we wanted to try while we were out here in AZ. My fiance is a Dr. Weil fan and he had eaten at this restaurant many moons ago. He has since raved about the Kale salad here. A few years down the road I finally had the opportunity of eating here myself.We had lunch one day and dinner the following day. For lunch I had their Street Tacos with  grass fed beef. They were delicious. Perfect size and very filling. Alongside that I had the Kail-Aid. It was very refreshing and had a nice ginger taste that lingered after every sip. My fiance had the Kale salad and added the Grilled chicken. The chicken was to die for. I had never tasted grilled chicken like that before. The following night we enjoyed dinner here. I had the Turkey lasagna and my fiance had the Spaghetti Squash Casserole.  I LOVED my lasagna. It was hearty and rich, the flavors blended perfectly. I tried the Spaghetti Squash that was also mouth watering. It had a bit of a crunch to it, which I actually enjoyed. Again it was also very hearty and filling. We split a kale salad that complimented the rich flavors of our main entree. Overall the food was absolutely fantastic here. The atmosphere is spot on. The service is perfect. I did not have a single complaint except that the prices are a bit high but you are paying for quality ingredients. Next time I want to try the breakfast menu. Can they please bring one to STL???
4	I had the turkey burger and it was amazing! I can't wait to try more.
5	Buttersquash pizza, spaghetti squash spaghetti, and medicine man teas...we sat outside it was a bit chilly would've loved to have had one of those warmer things by us...our waiter was great...the rest of the menu looked tantalizing and healthy all in all We had fun!
5	Herb hummus x 1000000Spicy apple cider The butternut squash is in season. Get it now.
5	MmmmmThis place is generally fresh and healthy and tasted good too!Try the buffalo burger with a side of kale salad and sweet potato hash. Love it!
4	We were here visiting the Phoenix/Tucson areas and it happened to be Valentines day so we stopped in for a nice dinner.   It was a nice start to a wonderful weekend. I had the Salmon and my husband ordered the steak street tacos.    What a romantic and delicious meal we had that night.  The  salmon was melt in your mouth good. My husband doesn't usually care for salmon and even he loved it.   He  loved his steak tacos too.    Gobbled them right up.  For dessert we had a dessert trio and that was also very good. Service was excellent as usual.  We have been to the Newport Beach location and have always enjoyed True Food Kitchen.
5	If you want healthy food at fair prices look no further. Great service. The waiters are friendly and very helpful. No matter how crowded the food comes out fast and YUMMY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I came here on a Friday night with my visiting aunt. I thought it was convenient that instead of giving you one of those buzzing things to let you know that your table is ready, they take down your phone number so you can get a text instead. That enabled us to walk around while waiting for about 30 minutes. Standard for a busy place on a Friday nightWe sat close to the bar and kitchen so it was loud since you could hear plates clanging and staff yelling orders. It's probably even louder since there are high ceilings and no barrier to the kitchen. If you don't like noise, you probably wouldn't like it here, but if you love good food you'll love it.To drink I ordered the "Cucumber refresher" that was made of cucumber and honey lemonade and my aunt ordered a beer. Just as a note, they only serve bottled or can beer, nothing from a tap. To eat, I ordered the "inside out" quinoa burger and my aunt ordered the "street" tacos and we shared the "caramelized onion tart" appetizer. I loved the kale salad side that came with my quinoa burger, and I was pleasantly surprised that the quinoa burger was basically vegetables, hummus, and tzatziki, sandwiched in between two quinoa burger patties. Nice if you are watching your carbs or don't eat bread. My aunt seemed to love the Anasazi beans side so much that she made me try it. They were smoky and flavorful. In the street tacos were avocado, cotija cheese, tomatillo salsa, sour cream, and grass fed steak. There was an option for sea bass but she chose steak instead.Overall, I enjoyed this place. It was a bit loud but the food made up for it and the waiter was very attentive and kind without being anything but genuine. Always appreciated.
2	This place is not good for vegetarians and don't really seem to want to work with you to make anything a healthy vegetarian option that's also tasty.  Beware! Most of their noodle dishes have fish sauce, chicken stock or the like. The server seemed annoyed that I even asked, and also said it wouldn't be possible to have a veggie protein in a salad. Their seitan was one note: salty. Better to try seasons 52 next door, which at least has some flavorful vegetarian options.
5	Let's hear it for waiter BILL who served FOUR TABLES with courtesy, efficiency and attention!!! There was a mix up on our cocktails and he subtracted the total for them from the bill! Maitre D' Kelly was also excellent/gracious. FOOd??? Absolutely delicious!!!!!A tad noisy, not much atmosphere but do go for the food and service!!!
5	This place really hits the spot when I'm looking for something on the lighter, healthier side.  The chicken chopped salad is an item I CRAVE at least every couple of weeks.  I go frequently with my husband and we used to split a salad and entree (some notables are the Panang Curry, Teriyaki bowl, Street Tacos, Shaved Turkey Pita, and the Caramelized Onion tart) - UNTIL we found out you can order half portions of most of the salads and entrees!  It's fabulous!I am usually there to try to get my week off to a healthy start, but occasionally we have gone on Saturdays during the day after shopping at the Biltmore.  Nothing beats their patio and the Skinny Cucumber Citrus Margarita!Beyond the food, the service is always excellent- the waiters are friendly and knowledgable.  Just a great experience all the way around.
2	This place is really over-hyped.  We had the edmame dumplings (not sure of the exact spelling !) for starters.  We got four bland flat dumplings filled with some paste and floating in soy I think.  It was really tasteless. Then I asked the server for his recommendation.  He asked us to go for the chicken chopped salad.  The salad was really ordinary. . Lots of cheese blocks..and it was 14$ !!!  I think this restaurant tries too hard to be like the 'hipster' places in san Francisco.  Disappointed !
5	I had the best experience here with my family. The food was delicious but what really made my visit was our server Chris. He was hands down the best server I've ever had. He was very patient and attentive. The BEST customer service ever! I wish every server was as awesome as he is! Awesome place and awesome staff! 5 stars all the way!
2	I'll start by saying I absolutely love this place and their food. However, I witnessed something yesterday during my late lunch with a friend that I found repulsive. I walked into the men's room as one of the cooks (shorter guy with a beard) was finishing at the urinal, when he finished, he walked out without washing his hands! Out of the corner of my eye a second cook who was in the stall walked out of the stall and also did not wash his hands! Gross! I pointed it out to our waiter and he said he would say something to the one person whom I was able to recognize and I opted to not have him say anything (for obvious reasons). The waiter offered that they have a hand washing station near the kitchen and the gentlemen probably washed their hands there....I'm not buying it. I know I may be somewhat of a germaphobe but that is inexcusable for a chef who is making salads and things which are not cooked to do something like this...furthermore, it is a major health code violation! Lavese sus manos amigos!!!
3	I met up with a friend today for an early dinner and some serious catch up.  This was my second time eating there and I wanted to sit  outside (while we still can!) to escape the noise.  We had a good meal...I ordered the shrimp dish and was warned by my server that it was "very spicy".  I'm a native so I am not intimidated by that at all.  It was yummy but distinctly non-spicy.  It came with noodles and I brought half home with the intention of doctoring it up for another meal.  My friend ordered street tacos and another enter.  She was hungry and said the tacos were good.  We had a gift card, so had dessert---a really strong, but tasty, lemon tart and a yummy frut crisp .Our service was polite and they were tolerant of our very long visit.  I'msure the generous tip didn't hurt, either.So, after my second visit, I am still not blown away by True Food   The menu has some variety but things like street tacos can literally be found everywhere.  I think I have an expectation that the food be healthy , unique, AND creative, especially for the price .This is a really competitive food town.  The way for True Food to distinguish itself is to innovate and give the diner value .Once that happens, I bet more folks will place it in their regular rotation.
5	Some of the best healthy food I've had! Place has a nice atmosphere in a great walking shopping plaza. Loved my quinoa burger, veggie appetizer and smoothie.
5	Love this place!  Have been back several times and always enjoy whatever I order.  The gluten free pizzas are really good, drinks are always good and the salads are always fresh and creative.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants!!
5	Delicious. Red chili shrimp was everything expected. I almost substituted the shirataki noodles and the waitress suggested the sesame noodles. It was so flavorful. The service was excellent and we were seated promptly upon arriving. My beverage was the matcha green tea lemonade and it was very refreshing. Just enough lemonade not to wash out the green tea. The Spanish lentil soup was the best ever!
4	It's so incredibly rare to find a restaurant at the intersection of healthy and delicious. I give True Foods major kudos for executing on this combo really well. My husband had a really tasty Red Chili Shrimp dish, and my kids had healthy turkey burgers with (baked, not fried) sweet potato bits. They loved their homemade honey lemonade and grapefruit sodas. The hummus appetizer and gluten free pita were to die for. A must for gluten-free vegetarians!  I liked the open kitchen concept but the decor was a bit sterile and chain-y for my preferences (only reason I didn't give it a 5). I'd go back in a heartbeat.
5	Spaghetti squash and add chicken!! I hate squash of any sort but the guy next to me ordered it and it smelled tasty. I dont regret ordering it.. amazing!!!! The service is attentive and the menu is large enough that you have many options. I will give this Sam Fox restaurant five stars
4	I love the food here. I've been to one in San Diego and it was just as good. Although, I do have to admit that our server at this location looked a little worn out. I could tell that she was tired and ready to get the hell outa there. We were sat right away a week from today on the patio. Upon being sat we noticed that they were nearing closing time. I ordered the medicine man drink and we started with a vegetable crudites but substituted the hummus. The server forgot to sub it but it was remedied right away. I did, however, love my medicine man drink. To follow I got the chicken chopped salad. It definitely was an amazing salad. I loved the sweetness of the dates along with the sharp flavor of the champagne vinaigrette.Nearing the end of our dinner we were offered dessert. Normally one would wait until the guest is all finished but we weren't too bothered. We were full anyways! haha. I thought it was a nice gesture of the server to offer us free food and drink that was going to be thrown out anyways. I love how they try not to waste!
2	I want to live this place but it's hard.  The food is fresh and nutritionally smart.  The service is nice.  But the portions are so small.  I ordered the lentil soup and it was almost all water with a teaspoon of lentils.  Mentioned it to the server and no action.  $5 for carrot juice but the glass was full of ice.  Really?  Strawberry salad was good if you like lettuce but had a total of three cut up strawberries.  So, Fox restaurants, stop being so cheap on your food cost!!
2	Our service was fantastic, but hard to overlook our burned gluten free pizzas. Manager on duty came over when our server noticed our distaste, but failed to introduce herself or resolve any issues. Frankly, disappointment after spending 24 dollars on 2 pizzas, not to mention drinks, salads, and dessert. Won't be coming back and certainly not recommending it to any of my friends or family. I wanted to love this place, but a little poor customer service goes a long way.
2	I absolutely love the food and atmosphere but in the 3 times I have been to this location, the service has been terrible. I waited 45 minutes for a salad and another 20 minutes to get my credit card back after I paid as I watched my waiter serve other guests.
5	My food was fantastic!  I had the miso soup and the mediterranean salad with red quinoa, vegies, feta and a lemon type vinaigrette. The appetizer was a vegetable crudite w tzatziki dip and a kalamata olive. dip. I had lemon ginger sorbet for dessert. The ice cream headache was worth every spoonful!  I want to go back for the spaghetti squash casserole. My table mate had turkey lasagna that she said was delicious. Only hiccup was the server giving us another table's check which was quickly remedied.
3	I wanted to like this place more than I actually did.  Food was good but considering the taste, price and atmosphere.  There are better options in phx.
4	Very good. Felt full and not "gross". Only reason it didn't get 4 stars is because my meal wasn't my favorite. I got the teryacki chicken bowl and the rice was saturated in sauce. Just a little too much for me. Still very good.
4	Just ate here for the first time this mothers day. The server was knowledgeable, suggestive and friendly. The place is super clean. The food was great! The only reason it didn't get 5 stars was the portion sizes did not make up for the pricing.
4	My biggest complainant is it is a bit expensive. average price for a plate of vegetables is $18. Don't get me wrong it taste great but come on.
5	First time trying True Food Kitchen. Very hip and trendy place. Food is impressive in its freshness, simplicity and flavor.  Lots of vegetable/organic options to choose from.  Good place to meet new clients for a quick lunch.  Will try again.
3	This place explains why people do not eat healthy. I expected a certain health/environmental theme from restaurants like this. For one: I was shocked they used plastic bottles for their juice, I mean aren't you trying to go for an environmental/healthy eating theme here? Food/drink: Order the shitake rock cod. Small portion, but very well executed. Sauce is light yet savory. Large pieces of shitake. Roots Radical - A weird drink with a little too much spicy kick to it was stuck on my tongue. It later dried my tongue to the point where it start bleeding. Service: This is in a swanky shopping plaza....service better be good. And it was. Environment: The interior has a lot of open space. Exterior is well designed and feels like a fairly nice place to hang out in the outdoor seating area. Price: $26 for a small fish dish and $9 for a juice. After tax and tip I think I paid $44 or so, which is pretty pricey (to me at least). Food: 4Drink: 2Service: 4Environment: 4Price: 1
5	Came in with a group and shared 6 different dishes, every single dish and side were excellent. Awesome drinks, desert, even the coffee was good. Awesome!
1	This restaurant is not a good place for a vegan, or anyone that enjoys a relaxing atmosphere to have a meal. The selection is slim and what is offered is salty, bland and lifeless.This is a place that people either love or hate and let's just say I didn't love it. You could get a vegan pizza at whole foods for cheaper and it's so much better than any of the food here. The waiter also took a long time to serve us and I didn't even go at a busy time it was 3pm on a Sunday.  This is one restaurant I will never be going back to.
5	Excellent service, delicious food. Great vegan options and the kale-aid was amazing!
5	This place is awesome. The food is delicious. The atmosphere is inviting. The staff is always super friendly. I highly recommend the kale salad with chicken its delicious!
4	I have eaten here a handful of times and every time I have a good dinning experience.  However, last time I was there they were out of 5 of the juices that I ordered.  (Guess it wasn't my day)  Besides that the food was great and service was super.  Great atmosphere, great spacing and great concept.  Super happy to have this located right down the street!
4	Being a vegetarian, I find that there are many options for me here, which is nice. The edamame dumplings are delicious (although it only comes with 4!) and the kale salad is very good as well! Almost everything I've tried is tasty and the service isn't bad. The biggest problem is the small portions for such high prices!
4	Fresh ingredients and a high quality of food.  Usually pretty busy and can get a little noisey
5	Absolutely amazing. Best service, food was excellent, and a great atmosphere. I will be back :)
5	I heard this was a chic place with little options for rough, unruly, mountain man like myself.  After much coxing, I gave it a whirl to my surprise i found a Bison Burger and a salmon plate.......both worthy plates for someone like me.  I ordered and ate both and found them to be tasty!  I did however get some weird looks until i took my coonskin hat off and hid it in my shirt.
5	Amazing place!!!! Their food is awesome  and I love their cucumber margaritas
5	I am not a vegetarian and the bison burger is outstanding. Kale salad is very good as well.
1	Total disappointment.  Went for takeout after a 10 mile run and was really anticipating an awesome shaved turkey sandwich on the gluten free pita. Wow did they miss the mark today.  The pita was just taken out of the package and not toasted.  My husband ordered the same thing and his was just as bad. We are regulars and do take out about twice a week. Sad that we are going to look elsewhere. Maybe they have new staff but there needs to be quality assurance. What a bummer and a waste of $30.
5	Such a great place for tasty health food!!! I love their weekend brunch chicken sausage & kale scramble & jube true almond milk dark chocolate cold pressed coffee!!! Other great items i've had are: the turkey burger, panang shrimp noodles, & the crudite.
2	Great food, service has been oddly bad the last 2 times I've been there.  We had to correct our check because the server couldn't figure it out and we didn't have time to wait another 15 minutes for them to sort it out.  I'd avoid this place.
4	Another Sam Fox creation...Yummy, healthy, with an open-kitchen concept (meaning the staff are chopping veggies on giant counters in the dining room), and a varied menu (from mediterranean salad to spicy asian noodles). The problem with this place is...the price! Non-alcoholic drinks are like $6 each and they come in these narrow glasses full of ice. (I tried the "no ice, please" thing and they just give you less!") For that price there should be a shot or free refills. Also, my fave is the Med. salad and I add chicken which runs me a full $20 and barely fills me up. For a big guy, there is no way that would be enough. Add a drink and it's like $30/person to eat in for a salad and lemonade! So the food is good but too pricey to be sustainable and I rarely go for this reason.
5	I love True Food's philosophy. It uses organic ingredients for necessary ingredients such as the dirty dozen and not for the clean 15 and so on. I love having nicer restaurants where I can go on nice dates or grab delicious drinks and I especially love being able to take my non-vegan friends here. My favorites here are all the vegan options! That's the hummus (no cheese), lettuce cups, TLT, teriyaki brown rice bowl, and mushroom pizza without cheese (my vegetarian husband says it tastes better without the cheese anyway).Drinks are all great, and the chia seed pudding is just the best! You can't go wrong with any of the options at True Food!
1	Love the food so much, but today when I came in my friend and I observed an extremely tall woman come in. I understand that customers will stare but the two hostesses especially the taller one with long brown hair was OBVIOUSLY staring and even pointing and laughing at this woman who had her back to them at the bar. TOTALLY unprofessional. I couldn't believe how they were acting. I work in the service industry and was appalled at the way these hostesses were acting. If you want to make fun of your customers do it where the rest of the dining room can't see. Totally rude and unacceptable behavior.
1	Table of 4 adults.... Spent $100 bucs and we all left hungry!!! Super small portions. Sweet potato hash, bland and undercooked. Burger meat tasted good but was small. Tasted more bread than burger!!! Wouldn't go back, would recommend paradise bakery or jimmy johns, subway over this place!!!
3	The lemonades are tasty. Very creative drink menu. The servers don't do well explaining the menu options. The hostess is really nice and attentive. However, when asked for water the server stands around the kitchen for a few minutes then goes to clean off some tables. Finally, when we cross his mind, he decides to bring water for our surprisingly spicy dishes. It's not like I had an urgent look in my eyes or anything. Also, the restaurant is very open so you know when the server blows you off. The food is pleasant, but I'll have to try something else on the menu to give an honest increase in stars. Maybe it's because we had Jewels bakery and cafe for breakfast that it didn't "wow" us.
3	I am a big fan of Andrew Weill but somehow the restaurant did not reach my expectation. It is a nice place, the waiters are very attentive and friendly and the food was yummy, but I expected sensational. I was looking for a mouth watering menu that would be unforgettable - but it was nice. Just nice.Maybe my expectation was out of whack, maybe the dishes could be tastier...I was also disappointed by the menu - I would like to have more options.
4	My biggest complainant is it is a bit expensive. average price for a plate of vegetables is $18. Don't get me wrong it taste great but come on.
3	I absolutely loved the openness of the restaurant with it's brightness and open kitchen.  There were literally people preparing food several feet from us.  They definitely don't have anything to hide in their kitchen.Upon quick glance of the menu I found a couple vegan options to choose from and had a tough time deciding between "Andy's Favorite 'TLT'" and the "Teriyaki Brown Rice Bowl" but when with Andy's Favorite "TLT" which Tempeh, Lettuce. Tomato. Avocado, Vegenaise, and Whole Grain Bread.  I had the choice to pair it with a kale salad or sweet potato hash and went with the hash.While it was tasty and I'd say our experience at True Food Kitchen was unique I must say the prices are a bit steep for the amount of food you receive.  I understand it's healthier food and often that comes with a price tag, but $10 for a basic sandwich is a bit much in my opinion.
4	If you're a vegetarian, you have to go to this place!! I always order the Grilled Steelhead Salmon, Chia Pudding, and Kale Aid. Never do I get tired of this combination. Salmon is slightly grilled and is perfectly integrated into a crisp corn and freekah salad. It's quite healthy and delicious. The Chia Pudding isn't the most health conscious item on the menu, but it may rate in the top five desserts that I've had in my lifetime so far. Kale Aid is pretty standard kale juice. If you like kale, then you'll like this drink. My only complaint is that the service is SO SLOW. It takes around 30 minutes to get your entree and then 20 minutes in between for drinks and dessert. I don't understand why it takes so long. The last time we went, we placed all of our orders up front and then told them to bring them as soon as possible so that we could finish dinner in 90 minutes. Also, the place seems to be under utilizing a lot of tables. They seat two people groups at 4 person tables and then seem to "run out of space."You can ask to be seated outside, but it's going to be terribly hot. They have mist sprays for the tables outside, but they never seem to hit my face. Two Tips -1. Call ahead and make reservations. 2. Order everything up front. Also, get your parking validated at the restaurant. Parking is free for up to two hours in the parking lot across from the restaurant.
5	I love that no matter what I'm in the mood for, I can always find something fresh, flavorful, and outstanding at TFK.  I have their cookbook as well, and it's amazing!  Watermelon salad, bison umami burger, vegetable crudites, Kale-ade, edamame dumplings, honestly it's all delicious. They can take the most basic of dishes, and give it a simple twist that knocks it out of this world.  We always have very friendly servers and amazing food, not to mention creative, not-too-sweet cocktails.  One of my go-to places in Phoenix.
2	I've been here two times. Both disappointing. The first time we came for dinner, we started out with the edamame dumplings. My sister loved them, but I was not a fan. I decided to try them because I absolutely love edamame beans. These dumplings tasted nothing like edamame. Very disappointing. For my entree I had the teriyaki brown rice bowl. The chicken was okay and so was the rice, but the vegetables just tasted weird. I ended up leaving hungry. Also, service and atmosphere were fine.The second time was about the same. My sister recommended the gluten free pizza, so I tried that. It was amazing. The pizza is the only reason I would ever go back. The service is a different story. I am a teenager and I was eating with my older sister, and the waitress literally walked up to us and asked us where our parents were. They basically just lost two customers. After that I was pretty mad but when the pizza FINALLY got there I was pretty impressed. When it was time for the bill I flagged down the waitress, who brought the ticket. By now it had been at least an hour and a half. When I was done with the ticket I tried to get the waitress but she was fully engaged in a conversation with the table next to us. I patiently waited for her to stop talking and come pick up the ticket. After about 15 minutes of her talking I was very angry and when I looked over again and she was sitting at their table showing them pictures on her phone!!! After about 10 more minutes of that she finally came over and got the ticket. On top of that, she glared at us every time we asked her for something. I honestly couldn't believe what I was seeing. I might go back to a different location.
3	True Foods, a name I'd heard seven million times before finally stopping in as a part of my "AZ Healthfood Tour", this was my first visit to the Phoenix location and this place had a lot of hype to live up to. Unfortunately my experience left a bad taste in my mouth. My experience started around 8 p.m. on a Thursday night, I was sat by the restroom by a young man that smelled terribly of B.O., myself and the young lady I was with spent quite a bit of time laughing about the "V.I.P. restroom seat" we got.....with a dining room full of open seating. We were on our way to a show and decided to have something we could split,as people who frequent the Scottsdale Quarter location, we decided to break our norm and try a Margherita pizza.... we'd come to regret this, as the pizza took much longer than it should have on a night as slow as this one, and when it did show up, it was burnt. Not even a passable "well done", just flat out burnt. When our waiter passed back by our table ten minutes later I called for him and let him know the pizza had "missed its mark" and was a little over done. He responds "is it?", now I smiled because it clearly  was not fit to feed to anything, let alone anyone. He takes the pizza and we are soon visited by a manager who let us know she would take care of it for us, and that she was sorry. Not long after our second attempt comes out, and its burnt.....again.... in their defense it wasn't as bad as the first one but was still not very pleasing. At this point its so bad its funny, so we order our favorite Banana and Coconut chia pudding and jasmine tea, which was exactly what we needed to sweeten our experience up a bit. We decided not to have the rest of the pizza and called it a night. All in all, its not the Scottsdale location, but that Chia Pudding is a highlight. Still a fan of the brand, just cant see myself coming back to this location.
1	High Prices. Cheap portions.  I ordered the heirloom tomato and watermelon salad.  Received a bowl half filled with huge chunks of tomato and watermelon along with 1 tiny dot of goat cheese, 2 cashews and 2 scraps of basil.  Not much for $12.  I also ordered 2 $10 martinis.  Maybe a thimble of Ketel One in each.  Two people = $100 tab and blah food.  Bummer.  Won't be back.  Too many other tasty options out there for that kind of scratch.
5	When reading this please note that I am not the kind of girl who seeks out "health foods". If it's healthy and delicious I am all about that but it's definitely not a priority for me when picking a place to eat. I came here because we had a work lunch here and I'm sure glad I did. The started out with the cucumber refresher. Granted it's a bit expensive for a little drink that doesn't even have alcohol in it but I find myself getting it every time I go there. "Refreshing" is an understatement if you ask me. Even my soul feels cool after drinking this. The service is always very helpful and eager to explain the philosophy of the creator of True Foods. I would tell you but I think they would do a much better job. I love that you can see them cleaning and preparing your food right in front of you. Because you know what they say: "Secrets don't make friends".I've had the dumplings and thai shrimp spaghetti and I love it so much I have never been able to bring myself to try anything else. I've been with a few other people and I have never heard any complaints. I even with with this New Yorker once who has never met a vegetable in his life and he ordered the burger. He said that he likes more grease and meat but for a healthy choice he was blown away about how much it didn't suck. For him, that's a big of a compliment as you're going to get for a place like this.This may not be for everyone but I am sure no one would ever regret going here at least once.
5	Love this place!!!Very health conscious and affordable!Nice atmosphere and good service!
4	This was our 2nd visit to this True Food location and again we were well taken care of by the staff and servers. We came twice with larger parties of peeps and the staff is more than capable to handle groups.  It does get a bit loud though which was the knock of 1 star.  I don't like having to feel like I'm yelling to my guests who are right across from me. The food is excellent. Fresh, temperature appropriate, and delicious. Kids portions are very generous as are the adult portions. It would be easy to share a kid meal with your little one or have them share with you if your little person is a light eater.  We enjoyed the turkey lasagna, red chili shrimp, street tacos, turkey club wrap, salmon, and something else I forget...but it was also very delicious. My son enjoyed the flourless chocolate cake as well and it was delectable. Can't wait to go back to True Food again soon!
5	My husband and I were so excited to find this restaurant in Phoenix! We like to eat 100% organic, and this place delivered excellent service, delicious food, and a really nice variety of dishes. The food was fresh and in season, and the servers were knowledgeable and very friendly. The parking is very easy and we were seated almost immediately. It would have been nice to have a little more intimacy, since the seating outside and inside is a fairly wide open floor plan. Also, since we are from NYC, we are used to the prices. However, I believe high quality food is worth the money. We felt great a long time after eating, not heavy or sleepy.  I'd highly suggest eating here!
3	Sissy eats much healthier than me, so she thought that Fox Restaurant Concept's True Food Kitchen would be a good middle ground for us.  She was spot-on!I think True Food is the perfect mix of a healthy-ish meal with foodie flair.  It's not just for yogis, and I really think everyone can find something yummy.  I drank the Honey Lemonade, which was so refreshing after my long flight!  We ate outside on the terrace so I could enjoy the weather.We kicked off our meal with Shiitake & Tofu Lettuce Cups.  This is not something I would normally order, but I found them to be very flavorful.  The filling was warm, a little nuttier than I prefer, but good!For my main dish, I had the Turkey Lasagna (Sissy had a delish Spaghetti Squash Casserole) and LOVED it.  It was very hot coming out of the oven, but it was soooo good.  The portion was perfect, and the green spinach noodles and fresh ricotta were awesome.  I ate every bit.  And scraped the dish for sauce and cheese after.  Yum.
3	The roasted eggplant pizza was great.  The kale drink is super tasty and even my husband liked it (not enough to order one for himself though).  If your looking for tasty, well thought out "health food" this is your place.  Unfortunately my less than crazy about health food husband didn't like his burger so I guess this place won't give you the best of both worlds.  I can see a return trip in my future.
5	From the lady at the door, to the hostess taking us to our table, to your server, to food runners, and to the manager..... Amazing! Overall great experience! Gotta get the HUMMUS! 5 stars for sure!!!
4	Good was good; however I was not crazy about the sweet potato hash. Kale salad and butternut squash soup was good.  Turkey burger was not special but was good.   Ordered turkey lasagna to go (for later).
4	In our quest for health and to decrease our expanding waistlines, my friends and I agreed to try True Food Kitchen for our monthly get-together. We were seated promptly in a corner booth on the patio. I loved the ambiance, as we were looking for a super casual environment and this place didn't disappoint.  Our server was personable and very knowledgable about the menu. The inside out quinoa burger was delicious and filling. However,  my favorite part of my meal was the kale salad, which was one of my two sides. It was appropriately dressed in a lemon vinaigrette that complimented, not overpowered the kale. The sweet potato hash was delicious as well, although I'm not sure what exactly made it a "hash". I can attest to the fact that one of my friends' ordered the panang curry and it smelled delicious. I don't even like curry! Another friend ordered the steak street tacos. She really liked them. My friend that ordered the salmon was thoroughly impressed with it which made me a little sad I didn't order it! One Person in our party ordered the spaghetti squash casserole. It looked amazing!! Covered in cheese and tomato sauce. Actually, there was so much cheese I question how healthy that particular meal actually is! All in all it was a great experience and I am anxious to return!
3	Been here a number of times over the past couple years, and gonna say it's a right-down-the-middle 3 stars out of 5. Not great. Not awful. Average/decent healthy-ish food for fairly high prices with almost-good service.Healthy-ish? Well let's say you get a side of kale with that sandwich. Fair enough. But when you get into it...that kale be dragged through the ocean, matey!! Yyyaaarrr! Well not really but it is SALTED like it's from the bottom of Pirates of the Caribbean, rendering that fresh, healthy kale...um, not so healthy after all. She be a salty dog, yyyaaarrr!Order a juice-based drink. Cool, super healthy, right? Then how about the "HANGOVER RX" - YEAH YEAH YEAH BRO! AFTER I SPEND THE WHOLE NIGHT YAKKIN, I WANT A PINEAPPLE AND ORANGE JUICE, Bruce! I swear, I feel like half this menu should be wearing an Affliction t-shirt, Ed Hardy trucker hat, d-bag sunglasses, camo shorts and flip flops. Maybe this is just the reality of Sam Fox and his Band of BMW Brahs. Alpha male goofballs who like to PUT A BAR SPIN ON HEALTHY EATS, BRO.Granted there's a lot to be mocked at ANY Sam Fox "concept". But on the plus side, True Food attempts to stay healthy and sometimes offers a decent dish. I've been pleased with a few of the salads...I've been let down by most of the sandwiches though. The bread they use is often too heavy and not fresh enough. They can't get potato sides right, but to be fair most places cannot. Fries/taters at sit-down restaurants are too cold half the time, and usually over- or under-salted.The grill items: chicken, meat, fish...good enough. Overall decent quality. However prices, for what you get, way too high. I know what fresh carrot juice tastes like (you serve carrot concentrate, son!); I know what a good house-made veggie burger tastes like; I can spot great-quality Ahi. I'm sorry, but these things are not present at True Food. Is it a step above the neighboring and overpriced Cheesecake Factory and Del Frisco's Grille & God-awful Sam Fox Mexi-Blanco three storefronts down? Yes. And for that, it is a 3-star joint.Service trends towards more on the friendly albeit not extremely food knowledgeable. Parking is easy peasy. Indoor acoustics a little loud, and some of the tables are too close together, especially if you're 2-topping.If you want a centrally-located meeting spot with a good parking situation and a hip and healthy LOOKING environment, this is it, chief. A sufficient lunch spot for wealthy ladies shopping on weekdays and office types looking for an alternative to the neighboring steakhouses and chains.True Food doesn't succeed because it's successful: it succeeds because there's a dearth of good restaurants in the immediate area. Bro.
5	Sooo good!!! I love the Dr Weil themed menu and the seasonal and fresh foods! I enjoyed every bite of my spaghetti squash casserole and melon/mint soda! What a fun atmosphere - I'll be back!
5	I've been here several times and it's amazing every time I go. The vegetables are fresh and crunchy - and the dishes are super tasty! I can't wait to go back. My favorite is the shrimp noodle dish; one of their specialties.
3	I had a delicious lunch at True Food. Went on a Sunday and they were packed but we were able to find a table outside with no wait. The weather was gorgeous so we took a seat and ordered sparkling iced teas, they were refreshing and tart and perfect for a fall day.I split the quinoa burger with sweet potato hash and the chicken chop salad. The quinoa burger was served "inside out" with no bun, basically two quinoa patties covering lettuce, tomato, feta and some dill dressing. It was really good and the sweet potato hash was the perfect pairing. The chop salad was excellent, chicken, canberries, dates, jicama, manchego cheese, almonds and champagne vinaigrette. This would be a 4 star experience except for the fact that the wait was incredibly long. Long to order, get our food and pay our bill. This is a reoccurring theme this place needs to work out. Otherwise if time isn't an issue this is a great spot for lunch.
1	I had the beef tacos that were 3 inches in diameter which made eating in hand impossible.  The $14 veggie bowl had no more than $2 worth of edibles.   A glass of wine was underpoured.   Service was good but there's not much on the menu for me to return.  Overpriced and interior noise was annoying.
4	Carry out order.  Quick service and polite staff. Ordered salmon; quinoa and arugula & beet salad.  Delicious.
1	So I'm here with a group of people like "8" food was great but every time the server come by he would only refill one water glass each time he came to the table .... We had ask 5 time that we got squash cake and it took 20 min to get like it's all good and great food but I won't come to this location  cause of the not so great  treat meant we had here
5	I ate here when I stayed at the Ritz Carlton a couple of weeks ago for business.  I was in vegetarian heaven.  The dishes were so delicious, even my non-vegetarian coworker chose a vegetarian dish and loved it.  My favorites were the cucumber martini and the butternut squash pizza.
5	I've eaten here MANY times and I've never been disappointed with the food or the service. Located in a nice shopping mall so there's lots to do when you're done with lunch or dinner. The food is always healthy, fresh and different.
5	Amazing place with great food( natural heathy food )If you are a human.. This is the place you should stop by !!
5	Excellent SeaBass! Brent was such a great waiter, explained all the ingredients and was very attentive. I be back for sure!
5	Awesome, healthy place to eat. Most things can be made gluten-free, if thats important to you. The staff are nice and friendly. Foods a bit overpriced to be sure, but it is high quality! The Bison Burger was FRIKKIN SWEET
4	I love this restaurant and go here frequently, but I can't give it 5 stars only because too many times service has been painfully slow.  We are usually okay with the slow service because it gives me time to enjoy my two favorite things. But, sometimes it will test my patience.On to my favorites:First, the appetizer, which in my case is always the Crudites.  It is basically a massive bowl of raw vegetables served over ice.  It does not sound exciting but it is the most gorgeous bowl of raw vegetables that you will ever see!  The veggies are seasonal, so they vary, and often they will include something unrecognizable, yet vibrantly purple, and it's just not often enough in life that I get to think, "Hmm, what is this purple thing I am putting in my mouth?"My second favorite thing is some fabulous drink called the Skinny Cucumber Citrus Margarita. Since it is "skinny" and since there is plenty of time before the food arrives, you can drink two of these drinks. Or three, if you are a little crazy and not driving.  It is muddled cucumber, oranges and mint (heck, this makes it almost healthy!) and topped with a little carbonation.  It is just so good, I wish I was drinking one right now.My husband always gets a beer, feels a little disappointed when it comes out of a can, but then likes it and orders a second, too.The food is good  and the menu is seasonal.  The kids' pizza is HUGE but all the adult servings are normal.  The kale salad that comes with the burgers is best if it is taken in the same bite as the sweet potato hash (that also comes on the side). The sweetness helps cut the bitterness.The waiters are cute and I recommend sitting outside!
5	In town for a couple days, and found this place.  It's such a great change from the usual food you'll find in a mall, because it's healthy, and it's a big change from most healthy restaurants, because it's super tasty.  We started with the Shitake Tofu Lettuce Cups, then the Thai Green Papaya Salad, and the Autumn Ingredient dish that was listed in the salads, but was all roasted veggies.  Our server was super helpful and friendly.  Service was quick, the outside patio was a pleasant place to eat.
5	Was in town this weekend and my girlfriend and I wanted some good clean eating.  Started with Edamame dumplings and the pomegranate limeade.  Both were very good .  The red chili shrimp entree was basically one of the best noodle dishes I've had in years.  Flavor was perfect and noodles and shrimp perfectly cooked.  Coming from and Asian guy that's a serious compliment.  Overall service was excellent, staff was very pleasant and gave great recommendations.  They even gave us a hummus plate cause it was our first time there
2	Not sure about this place and its amazing reviews.  The service was slow and food came out cold.  We got a pizza and burger both came out super cold, it took so long that we didn't even send it back because we were starving.  Might do a retry but nothing was so amazing that made me want to go back.
5	I could eat here everyday. I have never had a bad experience here. There is never a wait and the service couldn't get any better!
4	This place was great, with super atmosphere and service.  We really enjoyed our meal and was super healthy.
4	I like the food but I don't like the seating. Not comfortable. I had the big veggie bowl with 2 types of hummus as an appetizer and spaghetti squash lasagna. Both delicious! The appetizer was visually very impressive!
3	I ate at True Foods at the Biltmore on December 29th.  There were 4 of us(this was my sister-laws treat to my 2 daughters and myself).  We were anxious to try this Vegetarian/Vegan. Etc restaurant.  Our server was lovely and very attentive.  I checked the menu online before going so that I would have an idea of the selections.  The prices seemed reasonable.  I ordered the Autumn Salad, and as a treat I added Chicken.  It was $16, and was the size of a side salad.  My sister-in-law ordered the spaghetti squash casserole which was miniscule,  one daughter ordered the tacos, there was 3, and I wouldn't even call them the size of an appetizer, the other daughter ordered a pizza which she said was tasty, and looked to be of lunch size.  The bottom line,  the Portions are Very Small for the price you pay.  You will probably walk away hungry.  I will not be returning.
5	My niece absolutely LOVES the restaurant. We sent here for her 18th bday. I had the Sangria which was oh so delish. And the street tacos. We ordered the steak and bass. Both were good but the bass (fish) we the BEST!!!!so yummy.
5	What a place?! Amazing fresh, tasty food. All kinds of juices. Nice clean interior. Service was slow.  Can't wait until they open up in my city.
5	Ah what a lovely place...I've been here twice already in the past three weeks. The food is fresh, local, unique and delicious. True foods designs their menu with ingredients that are in season, thus everything tastes extremely fresh and flavorful.They also have a selection of non-alcoholic drinks that are also made to order with fresh fruits and veggies. As far as drinks, I would recommend the medicine man. Kale salad for appetizers (this is not just your ordinary kale salad, this one tastes amazing!) and the chicken sausage/margarita pizza or red chili shrimp entree. Aside from food, service is also wonderful. In my past two experiences, my two male servers were kind and seemed happy to be there! The restaurant itself is also very pretty, it is modern, clean, colorful and vibrant. I'll definitely be coming back and I would highly recommend this place! :)
5	This place is amazing. I don't know where to begin. The staff and the servers are really welcoming and nice. We had one guy sit us that took our drinks but then left for another server to serve us. The food was delicious. I've tried the tacos, the pizza, the salads, and a bunch of their drinks. No complaints at all. They all seemed fresh and healthy. I love how the menu offered in season items as well. For the drinks I recommend the medicine man. For the salad definitely the Tuscan kale. The entree I loved the pizza. Don't forget dessert too. My partner and I loved the chocolate cake. Lastly, don't forget to get your token validated so you park for free! Overall, great dining experience and left feeling satisfied. Would recommend to everyone.
5	I found this restaurant by accident when I could not locate another one to which I was specifically directed. It is just off of the Magnificent Mile in Phoenix. We went in to check out the menu. It was interesting enough for us to stay for lunch. We all had the Bento Box. It was a great interpretation of the concept. The service was attentive, the food was exceptional and the value was great. I couldn't ask for anything more. I only wish one was closer to me. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and will go back whenever I can.
