5	I really enjoy this place. As everyone else mentioned, Owner is amazing. She makes the threading process painless and she is very personable. Overall, I have only good things to say about this place. Value for money.
5	I can't even begin to explain how great this place is. The interior is so elegant and it's in a very convenient area. My threading experience was amazing! Jasmin was so helpful and friendly. I got my full face done and she didn't rush the process at all. She took her time and made sure she didn't miss any spots. My eyebrows were phenomenal not to mention the fact that she made it feel as painless as possible. Whenever I'm back in Vegas I will be returning for sure!
5	I really like this place, it was cozy. The decoration is very nice and reasonable price as well. I also like the employee who works there, mostly owner of the store.  She was very nice enough to have patience with me as i told her that i am too sensitive,  although i get my eyebrows done all the time.  This place is going to be my fav place from now. I would suggest this place to my friends and family.
5	Great place to go. I have been 2x and both times I had 2 different people do my eyebrows. They were both excellent, clean, very friendly. & love how they massage the eyebrows until they are not red anymore. Great service!
1	They were awful. The place is clean & airy & modern but the service is not so good. The lady at e front desk never greeted me when I came in. One of the threaders came to greet me & instructed me to sign in.after a couple minutes she invited me to sit at her station. I then explained what I wanted &, she replied 'ok'. Once she was finished I noticed a chunk missing from my left brow. I have thick brows & you have to really work at making a bald spot on my brows. At the end of it, my brows did not look neat & they were uneven. UGH! I think she knew she messed up but took my money anyway & wouldn't look at me even though it was apparent at I was dissatisfied. Never again.
4	Today was my first trip to Divine, and I already know that I'll definitely be back. I could tell Jasmine was really confident in her craft; and the results showed. I was breathing pretty heavy after the first few minutes- the chairs weren't at all comfortable and I was tightening my abs to refrain from moving when she was threading- she asked me if I was alright, and I told her the chair was really uncomfortable and she quick to offer me a pillow, which really helped. She went back 2-3 times on each brow just to get those little itty bitty hairs that other threading shops just let get by. After she was done, she massaged aloe into my brows- this was the icing on the cake.The only reason this place wasn't a 5-star establishment were pretty minor; 1) Jasmine didn't ask how I wanted my brows shaped- something I know some women are particular about and 2) she had issues entering my LivingSocial promo and could tell she was a little flustered- the problem wasn't handled gracefully (she ended up realizing the promo wasn't entered in correctly and the situation resolved itself). I don't know how other shops in the Northwest stay open- this place is fabulous!
5	I used to go to some nail salon to get my eyebrows waxed, but they've been pissing me off lately so I decided to come here. I never been here before and it was the only place that did eyebrows that wasn't a ridiculous price.It's $10 for the brows, which I thought was awesome. Mind you, I've never tried threading before and was pretty worried walking in, but the lady was nice and took care of me! I didn't tell her that I never had it done before, so she just tilted my head back and went to town on my brows(though I doubt she would of offered any mercy anyway had I mentioned it) A lot more painful than I thought it was going to be, I had trouble staying relaxed. But she was patient and didn't cut me despite all my twitching around.All in all, I think she did a fantastic job and I don't think I've ever had them done so well before, will definitely come back.
1	I came here for an eyelash extension deal and I got what I paid for. It was a $99 deal for a full set. Needless to say my lashes look a mess. Lashes typically last 4 weeks before you need a fill and less than two weeks later most of them have fallen off. And its not my lashes, its sub par glue that is being used. I've never had this issue before and I'm really upset that I wasted $115 (after tip) for lashes that have been falling off like crazy. I did everything right post care so there is no reason why this should be happening outside of shotty work in the first place. I can't vouch for how they do eyebrows but if my lashes are any indication I'll pass!
4	Ok. A friend of mine took me a few years ago to have this done and honestly...it's a great idea.Only takes a few minutes and blamo neat and cleaned up. So this place is very clean, neat and cool. Both of the women that have taken care of my wife and I are always very polite and very efficient.Don't be scared, come get your face ripped off.
5	Very convenient for me coming here cause its right by gym. The price is average $10. There's never really much of a wait when I go there. I'm in and out within 15 mins or less. When I come in I always get greeted. The place is very clean. Sometimes all bring my son with me n they'll offer him a juice box. And they have a small little play area that's keeps him occupied for a bit while I'm there. As far as my eyebrows they listen and always give me exactly what I want.
5	I've been sad lately because the girl I normally go to for waxing at the salon left over a year ago. Since then I have tired of paying the old salon $30 to do it wrong 95% of the time. Needless to say, I have way too much hair on my face. What's a girl to do? Until today I was a total threading virgin and I spent some time psyching myself up in the parking lot/ hyperventilating before I gathered the courage to walk in. I mean, $10 to rip the hair off your eyebrows and the chance to maybe not look like a wooly mammoth all the time? Probably worth the risk.I'm glad I tried it! I was in a chair 4 seconds after I walked in the door, so I didn't have much time to regret it or run away. The internets told me that threading is more painful than waxing, but I did not find that to be the case at all. Okay, I cried. A little. But it's because threading isn't like waxing. It takes more time to rip hair off your face with thread than it does with hot wax. However, it doesn't burn and leave your eyes swollen for hours afterwards, it just takes a little longer and makes your eyes water more. After I got over the initial anxiety about new people, places and experiences it was actually a little relaxing. As relaxing as a hair removal experience can possibly be, anyway.For me, the results are absolutely worth it and the price was amazing. She did an excellent job with very little direction and I no longer feel like a sad wooly mammoth. She didn't even make fun of me for the haphazard job I've been doing myself for the past few months. I'd say that's a win.
5	The ONLY place I'll ever have my eyebrows threaded again!I've been to quite a few eyebrow threading places, and although this one is closest to my home, I always forgot it was there. About a month ago I went in and had my eyebrows threaded. I noticed that they do things a bit differently than other places I've been. They use powder before (I think to keep the thread from "burning" my eyelid and eyebrow/forehead area), then afterwards they do the antiseptic (standard) and then MASSAGE the aloe vera gel into the whole area which makes the pain a little less painful. Yes there will be tears, it's natural with all the ripping out of hair from a sensitive area, but the more you do it the less painful it is. There's some redness afterwards, I have VERY sensitive skin and used to spend like 6 hours with red swollen sections after having threading at other locations but both times I've been here the redness is gone within an hour. Today's visit I walked in with no appointment and all the girls were busy with clients, I didn't expect to be greeted, so I just signed my name and went to sit down by a pregnant woman who I assumed was waiting for a service, she asked if I was just getting my eyebrows, I said yes and she ended up being the owner and took care of me herself! She was very kind. I joked about maybe someday working up the courage to try it on my underarms but being afraid that I wouldn't be able to handle the pain and she said she had just had hers done and that they have a NUMBING CREAM they will use if you ask for it and within about 2 minutes it takes affect and makes the process less painful. I'm assuming it could be used on most body parts but probably not the eyebrows, too close to the eyes would be my guess, but I didn't ask. Plus they have a separate curtained off area for privacy when you need something like underarms done. She also did my aunts eyebrows, (she was a threading virgin), and they looked fantastic. My aunt has very light eyebrows so she fills them in, and after the threading most of the filler was missing so they re-filled them in so that she didn't have to leave feeling self conscious. No they don't usually ask what shape you want, so if you are particular TELL them, they listen. Most of them aren't usually too talkative, probably because they are holding thread in their mouths and trying to concentrate, but they are all very nice. They've never cut me (knock on wood) although I've been cut at 2 different places in the past. Of course it's an honest accident so I wouldn't have a total melt down over it if it did happen. All in all I love how my eyebrows look afterwards and will never wax again. Oh and btw... don't expect to have any makeup left above or below your eyebrows after their done. So if you do go in, plan it for a time when you don't need to be seen in public for at least an hour and have time to reapply your makeup. I love them and if you give them a try I think you will too.
5	Very clean and friendly.  My daughter came into get a Henna tattoo and Sara was able to free hand exactly what my daughter wanted! Great place!!!
5	Sarah is the best hands down.  I am always pleased with my eyebrows.  Will not be going anywhere else.  Its very clean and modern inside.
5	love this place love Sara
1	I came to this place after a friend of mine suggested it. My usual threading place is at Patel's in the Meadows Mall center, but I needed my brows done and I didn't have the time to go to Meadows. It was awful.  My brows weren't even and one was a whole lot thinner than the other one. I ended up missing my work party because I was too embarrassed. 12$ is too much for a crappy job. I didn't get her name whoever she was that did it, but never again.I'm sticking with Patels even if the drive is a hassle. I'd rather go to a place where they do their job right than a place nearby for a job not so well done.
5	Moving from a place where eyebrow threading was popular it's been hard to find a good place here, but I finally found one! This place rocks, from the moment you walk in. Very clean, cute furniture and good vibes. Jasmine threaded my eyebrows today and did a great job. I told her I just wanted a "clean up" and she did just that. Didn't thin my eyebrows out at all and actually trimmed them at the end. I love them! I will definitely be returning.
2	Started going to this place because it was so close to my house. I always get my eyebrows threaded but this place makes it unbelievably painful. I think its the type of thread they use. Also I went to the new girl and she messed up my eyebrows and never even apologized and when i asked for the more experienced girl to fix it she had a total attitude. The ustomer service sucks and it hurts wayyyy more than it should.
5	I've pretty consistently been getting my eyebrows done here and they're great! The pain level is low. The girls are always careful and courteous. I would highly recommend this location if you live in the northwest!
5	LOVE THESE LADIES!!!! Tried a few others in town but once I found Divine, I haven't gone anywhere else! They are so friendly, quick and awesome at what they do! :)
5	We got great henna tattoos done! My daughter got her eyebrows done for the first time...They looked great!! Jasmine is so wonderful. ..Everyone was very friendly and we will continue to go for both services!
5	After growing my eyebrows completely for 3+ months I came here to get them done and reshaped! Great environment ... Lovely decor ... Very welcoming and friendly.Eyebrows came out the best I've ever had them, I only wish I lived in Vegas so I could keep coming back but since I just need them cleaned up now I'm still thankful for this shape! Five stars!
5	Brow is as brow does! If your bushes start to look gnarly and need some weed whacking, Divine Threading is a great idea if you are in the Centennial area. I came in and there wasn't a long wait at all! There was one worker, but she was quick = maybe 10-12 minutes a person. She really takes her time to make you look beautiful! It costs $12 for eyebrows right now, but they do offer a prepaid service for a certain amount of visits--it changes price a lot, so it's better to ask. Remember, there's nothing more pleasing for my eyes..( and everyone else's) than for all of LV to look gorgeous! So within minutes, your brows can be thinned and trimmed and ready to go!!! All I can say is that my fantasmic brows are ready to impress people tomorrow ;)
5	Sara is amazing, my eyebrows were damaged severely due to going to diva threading in meadows mall. She made them perfect again. Divine threading is the best place ever!!!
5	Finally found a eyebrow threading place that have my eyebrows looking correct. Sara is the best !
5	They are fast and friendly and they do a great job
5	Amazing. I've been in love ever since the first day I came in 2012, and I've been a regular ever since!
4	Sara is amazing! She super nice and know exactly what she's doing and she even filled my eyebrows in for me!
5	I had the greatest experience here! It was my first time getting my eye brows threaded and the owner talked me through everything, what to expect, how to take care of my eyebrows, Etc. I had to wait a little longer than normal due to two clients getting a full face done before me. The owner gave me a discount for waiting. So sweet! Better than a wax (use to do it all the time). Can't wait to come back!!
5	Sarah is amazing here. She always does a great job!! Always friendly people and her skills are top notch.
5	Great find of a threading studio.  I have been twice and both times they offered me the great Yelp deal.  I for one love threading over waxing and am thankful I found this great local spot!
4	Girls are quick and do an amasing job.
2	Came here today to get my eyebrows threaded. When I walked in nobody acknowledged me, so I just signed in and sat with the other 4 people waiting. After sitting for about 5 minutes I was called to the chair. This was super surprising to me because I expected to wait long since there were so many people.I'm pretty sure that the girl that was doing my eyebrows didn't speak English, because I said something and she just sort if laughed (nothing was funny though). When she finished she showed me and I asked her if she could make them thinner near the front/top of my eyebrows and she just stared at me. The lady next to us asked me if I wanted them thinner and then translated to the lady doing mine. She was threading all over my eyebrows and then when she showed me after completing the first I was shocked. The end part of my eyebrow was so thin and the part I wanted thinner looked nearly the same. I just told her to leave it and got up because I didn't want them to be too thin and then take forever to grow out to normal. When going to pay a lady with curly hair told me that if I wanted her to fix them she would. She was very nice and made them thinner where I wanted, then asked me if I wanted them to be filled in. Overall I wouldn't come back here again and I think $12 for an eyebrow threading is too much. I give them 2 stars because the salon was very nice/clean and because the lady offered to fix my eyebrows.
4	This has become my regular eyebrow place. I've had my eyebrows done by a few different girls there but, in my opinion, Sarah is the best. If there are a few girls, I choose to wait for her to be available now. She always gets my eyebrows exactly the way I want them. I also noticed the other workers go to her for help when needed so she must be the most experienced or someone higher up. The seating area is very nice and clean. Elegant looking. They always have soft, relaxing music playing. Overall, I would definitely recommend trying this place out.
5	Sara was my threading specialist. I came in from San Diego. I am very pleased with the results! Gentle. Efficient. Friendly. Priced right!  Thank you, Sara
1	I asked for a simple clean up... I told her I like my eyebrows full... she completely thinned then out ! I'm borderline distraught... I WILL NOT be back. For people that listen go to Patels Henna and Threading !
5	First time ever getting my eyebrows threaded let alone my daughter's. I was referred here by my good friend who's a stylist herself bringing her daughter here for years as well.Sara was awesome! She was very patient with my daughter as she could see my daughter was uneasy & helped calm her down with simple conversation to distract her. We will definitely be coming back.
4	I decided to get my eyebrows done since this is the closest to the house. I normally go very far and there simply wasnt time to go to my usual. I wish I made a appointment.  I saw that it was a spacious place in the photos and was not expecting that it would have a 5 deep line and only one person working in the entire place. There wasnt a cashier/reception, just her doing it all. She was very fast I must say with doing the eyebrows. I can tell shes been doing it a while as the motions were fluid and didnt hurt as much because she was pulling at the right speed and angle. She didnt ask what I wanted my euebrows to look like so be vocal about what you want. Check in offer is free lip with euebrow service or show your check in to get $2off any service.  I think $12 is a bit much for this spot as thats how much I pay on the strip where I nornally go but the check in offer prices it right to me. Check how busy they are and make a appointment if you are on a time crunch. Overall I think the shape of my eyebrows are good but didnt like the wait.
5	My go-to threading salon! Sara is the best. She's the only person I trust with my eyebrows and she always fills them in when we're through. Highly recommend!!
5	This is my go to place, hands down best eyebrow place in Las Vegas! Sara is the best at making sure you love your eyebrows, if you don't she doesn't stop until they look amazing!they are so careful and tender with you, I love the vibe and atmosphere in here it's peaceful, clean , quiet with nice relaxing music.
5	This place was great!  Good service, and fast threading
5	Got my eyebrows done and upper lip and they are amazing! The girls were so helpful and nice I definitely recommend coming here because the prices are great and everything comes out how you want. Thank you girls!
5	This place was beyond amazing!I've always got my eyebrows threaded at a different salon, until yesterday. They would be rough and my skin would break out in these little bumps all over my eyebrows and forehead.Yesterday I came here trusting all the good reviews.Yes! This place is gold! First of all it's so gorgeous and clean inside. You walk in and they have you sign in.  Sarah did my eyebrows and I told her about my past experience, (my eyes usually water like crazy). She was so gentle. I didn't even feel it most of the time. She knew exactly what she was doing and how to make a customer feel comfortable.  At the end she even filled them in for me with this eyebrow powder (they sell in store for $15).  Of course it was a little red, but no pain, and no little bumps.  I bought a membership for 6 threadings, (which is awesome because you can use it for family or friends too).  I love this place and the staff. So amazing.This place is where it's at!
5	Had a really good first-time experience at this eyebrow-threading place. Came here on a Sunday a bit after noon as I was heading home. Searched for an eyebrow threading place close to home since I forgot to go to the one where I usually get mine done which was back southwest of town. This one came up, and reading some reviews of this place, I wanted to check it out without a doubt.When I went inside I didn't expect it to have this relaxing atmosphere. The other place I went to was dull and simple. The interior decoration definitely worked up to the name of the place! Really loved the decor. Had two waiting areas and TV's. They also do tattooing!While I was having my eyebrows done I was so relaxed. The music they were playing was so soothing that you forget how painful it is to have your hair threaded off. I told Jasmine I loved the background music, it's like I'm getting a massage and I can sleep in that chair all day! Best experience ever.They take the time to do your eyebrows, they can even shade it in for you!Since it was my first time there, Jasmine informed me of their membership card. I was in a rush so I don't remember what it was about, but I know for sure you get a discount and you don't have to pay full price when you become a member. $12 for eyebrow threading. Definitely worth it. My new go-to eyebrow threading place!
5	best threading shop i have been to by far! They really take the time to shape your eyebrows perfectly. They also communicate with you well, other threading shops i have been to are confusing sometimes perhaps because of the accents and sometimes their rude. Kathy is great!!
5	Love this place! Been going since it first opened and have never been disappointed with the end result :) the salon is clean and the staff is friendly,  I'd you like being threaded this is the place to go :)
5	Truly exceptional service. Very clean and impressive apparence. Wife loves it. We been coming here for more then a year and never felt any different experience.Very friendly and professional staff.
5	I've been to a few different places to have eyebrows threaded. This was a nice relaxing set up. Staff was friendly. I walked out satisfied with my eyebrows and the experience. I will be coming back for sure
5	Sarah is the best...I literally drive from russell and 215 just for her to do my eyebrows
5	This is my new 'go to' threading place. They offer plush and comfortable chairs in the waiting area and offer you water, tea or coffee (always a welcomed touch). It is more upscale than the dive I was going to before. Plus, my brows look amazing! I used to have my brows threaded regularly at Eyebrows R Us location off of Ft. Apache in SW Vegas.  The price is a bit more here at $12 a pop. I was used to paying dirt low prices of $5/$7 at my regular spot. However, this place is way more thorough and a bit more upscale. I will gladly pay the $12 again and again for this threading salon.  In fact, $12 is a steal for this threading experience. She even filled my brows in for me after wiping them down with witch hazel and aloe. If you have never had your brows threaded and usually wax or pluck - try this place out! They are gentle in their threading technique and all my experiences have been virtually pain free (as compared to other threading salons). They really know what they are doing here and the end result showcases that.  I would highly recommended this spot over the other places I've been to. I am definitely coming back!
5	this place is amazing!!!! I love sara she is the best!!
5	This is my go to eyebrow place! Love the way they do my eyebrows every time I come here! I've been to other threading places but have never been as pleased as I am when I come here.
1	Untrained!!!! Ive got abrasions & a swollen  eye 2 days later. Im not looking  forward to healing this disaster & growing  back my now too thin eyebrows.
5	Sarah did a great job I'm so happy with my. Eyebrows will defenetly come back
5	I found Divine Threading on Yelp and I'm glad I did. I'm very picky when it comes to my eyebrows.  I've been to quite a few places around town and was never quite happy with how my eyebrows would turn out. I'm originally from Los Angeles and used to go to Zibas in Artesia. I must admit I thought I'd never find a great threading place in Vegas, but a week ago I went to Divine Threading and decided to give it a whirl hoping this would be "IT". Divine Threading was very clean and tidy and the staff was welcoming. Decorated very cute chic & minimalistic. I signed in and was asked if I had any preference. Typically I'd ask who is the most sought-after threader in the place but I was hesitant to ask. Since I was greeted by Sara I liked how her eyebrows looked, so I asked who threaded her eyebrows. To my luck she replied that she does her own eyebrows which was a great relief. To say the least she hadn't eaten all day and she made time to thread my eyebrows. I ABSOLUTELY LOVED how they turned out. She shaped them, didn't over thread them,  gave them their natural shape once again,  trimmed & combed those pesky ones that are always missed when threader's are in a rush. But, not Sara she did a phenomenal job and was very nice and she loves her craft.....you can so tell. Hope this helps someone in search of a great threading location.  Diana
5	The best place to get threading in the northwest.  The shop is very chic,  it's a fresh boutique.  Sarah is my favorite,  she is pleasant,  sweet and really knows what she's doing.  Be sure to buy the membership card,  it's a great savings.
5	Wouldn't think of going anywhere else this place is  absolutely amazing my best friend and I have gone here and only here since the first week it opened! I've been going to Sara for over 2 years she's amazing and so personable!
