5	Food was excellent, friendly staff.Great outdoor patio
4	I want to say 4.5  they are great, I just wanted a little something more.  they are walking distance from my work, so that makes them great, but i would not go out of my way.  Their food and service are well above par for the most part.  Some dishes, like the smoked salmon egg dish are amazing.  However some like the hamburgers are just ok.  the price is a little high, but the food is a little better than most.  The meals come with juice and I recommend the orange juice strait from local farms.  Overall, you will enjoy itplan on spending 15 bucksgreat outside seatingnot too crowdedparking is OK during the weekdays.
5	I have been to the original Dottie's in San Francisco several times, which everybody knows is _the_ place downtown to eat breakfast. Yeah, they have LINES around the block every day, which, with all of SF's snobby eaters, that's saying a lot. Naturally, my group was skeptical, because we LOVE the original. So, we ordered a few of their classic signature breakfast dishes, including the black bean cakes with cornbread (this one was on Diners Drive-ins and Dives)  and the Alabama Summer (fresh fruit, with either amazing pancakes or to-die-for french toast). We were not disappointed. The food was the usual big portions and perfectly cooked. I was shocked -- they really did stay 'True Blue' to the original. I'm thrilled I finally don't have to go 1,000 miles for those disgustingly good baked goods I usually stuff in my bag on the plane ride home. Keep it up, Dottie's clone!
4	TO ALL WHO DON'T HATE BREAKFAST: Bravo. Old Town really needed a good breakfast spot. Not that I hate getting blinded by dozens of rhinestone jean-pockets when passing by Breakfast Club, oh wait, yes I do. Now I have a reason to go to Old Town other than Frank & Lupe's. Anyways, the food is delicious, All-American, and simple. If you don't feel like the production of making breakfast for yourself or if you're meeting anyone for breakfast, it's perfect! They have 2 separate rooms, one is all sit-down dining and the other is a breakfast bar and internet cafe. The place is missing some of the "grit" from SF, but it's new, so that will come in time. Plus, I heard the orig moved into a new spot, so they're likely much less "gritty" now. I bet some of the regulars are upset, but the health department must not be! Menu appears to be the same, I had "The Open Road" and couldn't finish. I'm big on not wasting anything, but that thing takes up 2 large plates! Fresh squeezed OJ was great. I was there on a Tuesday morning, so there were plenty of open tables. My server said the waits on the weekend mornings have been up to an hour and 15 min, and they've been here less than a month. Wait until word gets out! Ol'Sco' and Dottie seem to be a good fit & I hope that over time she'll become a legend here like she is in SF.Go & enjoy this place, I don't think you could be disappointed unless you hate breakfast! ;)
4	They did a wonderful job for opening day. The breakfast was light, fresh and delicious. This place apparently did well in the San Francisco area for years. I got to meet the owner too, he was very gracious and excited.
5	I was so excited to see that Dottie's was opening a location here in AZ. The boyfriend and I went to the original in San Francisco and loved it so we had high hopes for this version.We went on a Saturday morning and got seated right away. We chose to sit outside but there were lots of tables inside as well. It is much bigger than their SF counterpart. The vibe is very different as well. SF was, well, more San Francisco. More eclectic and hectic. The atmosphere here was very laid back and overall the clientele seemed older but it may have just been that day.We both ordered pancakes. I got mine with fruit and he got the blueberry cornmeal. The servings here are huge. my pancakes were very dense and filling. Not light and fluffy but very flavorful. They had almost a light cinnamon quality. Boyfriend loved his pancakes. So much so he tried to recreate them at home the next day. But the best part of the meal was the bacon. It tasted like it was barbecued if that even makes sense. It had a smoky flavor to it that was very unique and very delicious. It's not often you get something different with your bacon!The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was comfortable. I hope they make it in this location - it seems like a lot of businesses have failed in this spot. Go there now to make sure they last!!
2	Driving down Scottsdale Road on a Saturday morning we passed the Breakfast Club (which isn't my favorite anyway) and it is packed with people and tons of people waiting for tables.  We arrive at Dottie's and there are about 3 tables on the patio with people and just one other table inside, usually my motto is "No people = no good" but we were hungry and figured it was new so we would give it a try.The inside is nice and bright, a drastic change from when I was there when it was Bada Boom Pasta Room (another overrated Scottsdale place).  Upon looking at the menu, there wasn't anything that jumped out at me, the menu didn't seem all that interesting and there were not a lot of choices.  Deciding how you wanted your eggs cooked and which breakfast meat you wanted them served with or what fillings you wanted in your omelet were the only decisions to make.  I ordered an omelet and the server suggested I try the homemade buttermilk dill bread as my toast, so I went for that.  My dining companions also go an omelet and one got poached eggs with sausage.The food came out relatively quickly, which was expected with not many people being in the restaurant.  The omelet was nice and fluffy and it was generously filled with my selections, but that was about the only good part of the plate.  While the thick slices of toast looked tasty, they had no taste whatsoever.  There was no dill, no nothing....I wasn't sure what they wanted it to taste like, but it just tasted crunchy to me.  The breakfast potatoes were even worse!  They gave us a huge portion but they were covered in oil and were not even cooked through all the way, and even though they appeared to be seasoned, they too had no taste.Our waiter was sort of absentee, just wandering around the restaurant.  He made a few goofs, bringing me a Sprite when I ordered water and bringing my dad their "special" buttermilk dill toast instead of the wheat bread that he asked for, but he was hard to track down so we just went with the flow.I also felt that the prices were a bit on the high side, with breakfast for 3 coming to over $30 with no beverages ordered.I am always on the hunt for a new breakfast spot....but Dottie's does not make the list...and after we left and continued down Scottsdale Road, we noticed that the Daily Dose also had a huge group of people waiting....maybe Dottie's is off of their list too.
3	The food is delic!!! Way more flavor and creativity than all the other OldTown breakfast places!! Their breads are baked fresh and thick. Strong and delicious coffee and they even have soy milk. YEAH!  The pancake is to die for!!... ginger, cinnamon and great texture... Melted in our mouths.  My omelet is one of the best I have ever eaten. Garlic, tomato, spinach, pestio, basil, kalamato olive and egg white.  But also very expensive!!  They charged me an extra $7 on top of the regular price just for adding those extra ingredients even though the ingredients were VERY SMALL PORTIONS ( a couple leaves of basil, a few olives, a couple leaves of spinach, 1/8 cup of tomatoes)!!!  CRAZINESS.  I could see paying 10 bucks but not 15!!I would like to give it 4.5 stars but due to paying 14.50 for a small omelette, I cant do it.  I dont care how good it tasted, it was not worth that much.Lots of space and no lines btw!  Sitting at the bar is great cuz you get to talk to other friendly people and get quick service.Lower your prices and you will get us as regulars!
4	I'm a huge fan of the original Dottie's in San Francisco. I always suggest it as a top place to dine when I hear from others traveling to SF. When I first saw a sign for Dottie's in Scottsdale a couple months ago, I was sure it was just an imitation. Much to my delight, I found out the real-deal Dottie's opened a 2nd location right in old town.This location is large and well-laid out, and the patio is a very pleasant place to have breakfast. It seemed so strange to be seated right away instead of waiting outside in the cold for an hour amongst the "charms" of the Tenderloin in SF. What was identical to the SF location was the kind, attentive service and the delicious coffee.My husband had a hard time choosing from all the meaty dishes on the menu but finally settled on the pulled pork scramble. He liked the way it was spiced with green chiles and didn't drown it in salsa like I would have. I got the black beans cakes, and they were incredible! Being a vegetarian, I've eaten my fair share of black bean burgers. Usually the patties are dense and heavy, but Dottie's black bean cakes manage to be light as air while maintaining a crisp outer crust. The accompanying corn bread was good, but I didn't like as much as their awesome buttermilk dill bread. The breakfast potatoes need a little flavor boost.The one thing that is really missing from the AZ location is their specials board. The dishes on their always sound so good, and it usually gives us vegetarians a few more savory breakfast options.
1	Deplorable service.  Handful of occupied tables and plenty of wait staff, yet it too forever to get our beverages and even longer to get someone to take our order.  Yet our waiter had time to stand and talk to people at another table for over 15 minutes. Finally another server took our order. The waiter came over to apologize and told us they were "slammed".  Seriously?  After waiting another 30 minutes for our order, we gave up and left.  We invested 45 minutes for nothing.
2	So a friend gave us a tip on Dotties, were excited to have another breakfast place in Old Town.  We love Daily Dose & Cafe Zuzu, both are awesome, both have no smoking patios!  So walking up it was nice to see a big patio, they seated us right away and server promptly brought water & coffee.  We decided to wait a few minutes before ordering just to enjoy the coffee.  It went down hill from there, a couple came in with their HUGE dog, that wagged his tail all over us and any other tables in his way.  The owner kept yelling at the poor dog to sit, all the while here comes a server to bring the dog water.  Server petted and hugged the dog, never went back to wash her hands.  Here comes another dog, this one gets served it's water at the table, and gets to sit in a chair.  Now we are debated whether to leave or sit inside.Our meal came quickly so tried to hurry it up, the big dog is so excited he keeps jumping up on the table, slobbering everywhere.  We finish just as they do, dog shoves his rear end right in a baby's face in a stroller.  GROSS!  While my friend paid, I watched the server clear to doggy table, she never wiped down the arms of the chairs.  They were covered in dog slobber!  The food was good, way overpriced, the dog thing was a huge turnoff, we won't be back.I know everyone wants to be dog friendly, but some of us don't want to eat with dogs.  Back to Cafe Zuzu or Daily Dose, smoke free, dog free patios!
5	Dotties has to be the best place in town for breakfast. Homemade buttermilk bread is toasted and served  with a lot of the egg dishes. I love the muffins and coffee cakes too, not overly sweet The smoked whiskey-fennel sausage with a spinach mushroom scramble - now we are talking!The french toast is made with that homemade bread they make there in the restaurantYou won't be disappointed with whatever it is you picksande s
2	I have heard lots of good stuff about this place so my expectaions were set high. The morning we went was beautiful so we sat on the patio. It's a nice patio with a nice view of the area, but nothing extra special about it.We really came to eat, and not realx but it was relaxing and service was pretty good too.The menu seemed small to me, not a lot of options, but what was striking was the prices. This place is Very expencive, even for Scottsdale! a basic 2 egg, bacon, potato, and toast breakfast, inwich was on the small side is 10.50 almost everything eles cost more! and It seemed any little change or modification incured an "up-charge" 1 dollar for jalepeno jelly... Really!!!! thats just the start.What was exceptional was the Buttermilk dill toast, by far the best toast I ever had! but when asked if they sell the bread to go I found out they do, but it's $12 a loaf. keep it.The corn bread was just as yummy but they make you pay for the jalepeno jelly, $1 for an ounce, YIKES!Dotties is "good" but for the prices, either the portions need to be improved, or stop nickle and diming for extras. For now I'm eating at other places.This corner has been lots of things, restaurants seem to come and go here, I wonder who or what will be next, as I dont think this place has staying power.
4	My family went to Dottie's after our first trip to San Francisco, we did not stop by the San Fran location, so I am unable to compare the two.  However, The fact that people speak so highly of dotties in San Fran says plenty given San Fran's amazing restaurant picks.  Overall the service was fairly slow and not necessarily the best I have ever had. However, the food, the bacon, the sausage, the pancakes, were all delicious.  One of my favorite spots in the valley for breakfast is Matt's Big Breakfast, and this breakfast as far as taste is concerned was comparable.  You won't have to wait nearly as long either!  Now while I can't promise amazing service or no wait, I can tell you your food will be worth both.
5	We had breakfast there for the fist time a couple of days ago. It was delicious !!! We set inside but the patio seating looks great ! They have one side for table seating and one  side for bar seating . I like the layout. The food was great ! Their whole wheat pancakes are the best I had. and their buttermilk fennel bread was amazing ! The omelet was cooked perfect.We were pleasantly surprised (we haven't heard about it before) . Go try it !!!
1	We went on Father's Day-understaffed, and inexperienced servers, not a good use of space with the tables( could have had many more) and the food, well, we wondered why the table next to us left most of theirs.  After being served the food we understood why-muffins look great but were dry, the omelet and potatoes tasted like the canned greasethey were fried in (not a hit for our intestines either if you know what I mean, none of us felt that hot an hour later)  and even the salad dressing was gross.  We left ours too after spending 50 bux, sorry, this place was a miss.
4	Dottie's had plenty of tables mid-morning on a Saturday and the Breakfast Club has a line? Oh yee of little adventure. Dottie's is better - don't tell anyone because who wants a line? Best for us was the whiskey-fennel sausage, cheese, mushroom and spinach scramble - nice! The potatoes and coffee were OK - nothing special. The waiter was friendly but slooow to fill the coffee. The best part was the general atmosphere here - unique salt and pepper shakers, good music, throwback design - fun feel. A little more pop in the flavor, more diners and this place will rock.
3	Had lunch there and wasn't impressed. Still love breakfast !!!
1	Where to start...my bf and I went on Father's Day. We were told up front things would be awhile but did they not get the memo they were working a busy Sunday holiday? Unfortunately our waiter was embarrassingly terrible he was nice but he clearly did not care he was messing up our order and just about any table near us. We were patient but he literally messed up everything from start to finish. He forgot to give a soda to my bf, didn't charge me for the coffee I did order (which fine w me!) but the food took wayyy too long and they brought me the wrong thing. They also forgot the one egg I ordered then when I asked they brought me too (again a mistake they made in my favor...sweet) I ended up sending back the incorrect order and at that point I was so hungry and over the place I just asked for a muffin. It was dry and disappointing. The check took forever to get too. Would not recommend and never going back. Dottie's is a hot mess.
5	Spot on breakfast.  UNDER-rated!  Once again Phoenix Yelpers playing their tired entitled lines, based on Chili's and Applebee palates.  Check this place out.  We tried the Open Road combo, French toast, cinnamon roll, and chorizo scramble.  All were delicious.  Bacon was perfect, eggs were on point, and the breakfast combo comes with a beverage (nice).  Seasoning was just right, in contrast to the myriad of salt lick joints in downtown Scottsdale.  Service was friendly, perhaps a bit under-caffeinated.  Without a doubt we'll be back.
4	Had a terrific Breakfast Sunday morning with my niece from Los Angles. Great Breakfast Burrito, Outstanding Blueberry Whiskey Cake. Staff was so friendly, Service was great. Will bring all my friends and guest there. Enjoy!
4	Good food and good service plus no long wait!  The coffee was not my favorite but they do serve mimosas so it makes up for the mediocre coffee.  A great place for weekend breakfast without having to deal with the weekend crowds.
4	Great service and awesome breakfast burrito. Everything was really fresh! The atmosphere was very diner-ish but prices were a little higher than expected. However, worth the visit!
4	8/25/12Met a friend here for my first breakfast at Dottie's.  I knew he was excited to try this location, since he'd been to the flagship in SF.  He told me to bring my appetite and warned that he was going to over-order, but I think we did breakfast just right! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dotties-true-blue-cafe-scottsdale?select=QA8KkDikOa6kjSROv7te6A#d3sa8tTy-MDlsNGtfoGc9wIt was a beautiful morning, with most of OTS's inhabitants seeming to still be in bed-- I quite enjoyed the open spaces and lack of pedestrian traffic as I parked into a lot right outside Dottie's front doors (we planned to meet at opening time 7:30a).  Michael was seated just a few minutes before, and I believe we were Dottie's first customers.  Found the interiors quaint- a diner atmosphere for sure, but cleaner, and definitely more inviting.  On my way to the restroom a few minutes later, I found that Dottie's has a second room, whose space seemed more peaceful, as I don't recall seeing a kitchen there, with cooks bustling about.  I mentioned to Michael about the second room, which surprised him, since the very room we were in was already a lot larger than the one he'd visited in SF.  Coffee was good, for a non-specialty blend (we were told it was a Shamrock Farms product), and we very much appreciated how our cups were filled constantly!  Excellent service by our server, whose name escapes me right now (starts with a "T," I think), even though I had to remind her about the whipped cream for our Peach cobbler crumble cake. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dotties-true-blue-cafe-scottsdale?select=pU0UjuOSuVWv03e03_g56Q#pU0UjuOSuVWv03e03_g56Q  The fresh-whipped cream arrived almost immediately, and was it a beauty! https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4120027511918&set=a.4107818566702.163328.1020200359&type=3  I wholeheartedly recommend others order this pastry should it ever find its way on the daily specials board again! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dotties-true-blue-cafe-scottsdale?select=P-eydevPkLcST4_L6W4nvA#P-eydevPkLcST4_L6W4nvAWhile Michael ordered the Blueberry cornmeal hotcakes he's had to skip on his SF visit (they had pumpkin bread French toast on the menu then, hello!), I naturally gravitated to the Cinnamon roll French toast, hold the powdered sugar, with honey-cured ham and a fresh fruit cup. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dotties-true-blue-cafe-scottsdale?select=zlftv8fqh0KnEmmCuX6azw#zlftv8fqh0KnEmmCuX6azw  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dotties-true-blue-cafe-scottsdale?select=0cPhOrlomtoSQW1ERxB6TA#0cPhOrlomtoSQW1ERxB6TA  Another excellent dish, which I polished off almost immediately-- awesome combo of textures when combined with the terrific pure maple syrup (!!) served here.  Buddy, I hope you had more than the one piece I remember giving you... (I'm thinking I gave you two!)  I must say that I think that the entree should've had a couple more pieces of CR French toast on there.  ;)  Seriously, though, the photo (thanks to friend for adding them on here) looks like it's lacking something.  Buddy said "the powdered sugar," but I would've liked some mascarpone cream sauce, or a generous drizzle of creme anglais...I couldn't try the fresh-baked Cinnamon roll (powdered sugar icing), but I did enjoy the bites I had of the Blueberry-white chocolate streusel muffin Mike had also ordered off the specials board.  The blueberries were HUGE and the white chocolate combo made for a very tender and moist cake, and the streusel topping added another great textural layer.  Mike "doesn't do leftovers," and so I was able to go home with some, and I will say that the peach cobbler crumble cake was just as good the next day, while not so much with the muffin... If I were you, I'd share that pastry with two or more companions, for it certainly won't keep.  We were given a sample of the sausage and biscuits, and while I enjoyed the spice level of the food, I wasn't too crazy about this dish, but I'm sure it's because my digestive system can't handle red and green bell peppers (although I can handle other peppers without problems).  However, I will say that the tiny bit of biscuit I had was very, very nice- tender, but not too much so, and flaky.  I'd order one or two on future visits, definitely.  Very fun breakfast, and I certainly wouldn't mind returning again!  :D
4	We had the place to ourselves this Saturday morning which is a shame given the fact that this is one of the better breakfast spots.  The Open Road is a splendid breakfast for two.  Maybe they ought to fly a few people in from SF to create some better buzz.
2	There are 3 distinct seating areas here - terrace, dining, and bar.  I chose the bar which turned out to be a mistake.  The owner (I assume) was holding court there with his associates and regulars.  Service was a bit of an afterthought under the circumstances.  I can't get past the feeling that it's unprofessional for a restaurant owner to use the business as a personal social venue.  There weren't many customers at 10am on a weekday, so perhaps others share my view.Blueberry corn pancakes should have been really good but they were nothing special.  I couldn't detect the cornmeal.  They charged me $2 for extra blueberries and I didn't think the pancakes reflected the addition at all.  Best thing was the grilled chili-cheddar cornbread served with habanero jelly.  Home fries are made fresh - not from frozen.  They were good.  I expected so much more from this place which does have potential, but I won't go back.
5	Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu. Omelette options include all the usual, plus applewood smoked sausage, scallions, goat cheese, pesto, andouille, and more. I highly recommend their special French toast.
5	Decided to try this after reading a review in Phoenix magazine.  Went on a Saturday morning.  It is a huge place - lots of outdoor seating - will take the pooch next time, a bar area (no-one was sitting there) and a normal restaurant  area that was busy.  They have a big menu, with a mix of southern and mexican influences.  I had an omelette with cheese and ham, potatoes and an english muffin.  My partner had, eggs, biscuit and potatoes,  The omelet was awesome and so was the biscuit (freshly baked in house).  My only comment would be the specials on the board may have been a little bit pricey.  Also, this place will be a word of mouth place due to its location, not really on a main street, but worth locating.  The staff were super friendly.  We will be back.  Lots of bike racks too (we cycled)
4	Having been one of those "Crazies" who waited in line at the Original Dottie's in San Francisco, how refreshing to be able to walk in, sit down and have a piping hot (steaming) cup of coffee almost immediately? Very!That being said, it has taken me several visits, alone and with friends,  to decide if this version of Dottie's deserves Four or Five Stars. Well, Four Stars is my Rating. Why?       The Daily Muffin Special - EXTRAORDINARY!        The Pancakes - Anything served with real Maple Syrup will win!       The Pulled Pork Omelet - Marvelous!       The Lamb Sausage Omelet - Unique and great.       The Cornbread - I want the recipe!       The French Toast - In spite of the Maple Syrup, just okay        Black Bean Cakes - NOT as good as I remember the originals       The Southwestern - Disappointing for the priceThe Patio is wonderful and the service equally wonderful.Why NOT five Stars? I believe when they get their "legs under them" Dottie's will be a "go to" for breakfast in Scottsdale. Right now it is just darn good!
5	Finally a great Scottsdale breakfast eatery. I have tried the other places, and never got the hype on the other spots. Dottie's is the real deal. Unlike many other spots, where one item is the star, and other things are passable to downright lame, Dottie's nails it all. Every aspect on your plate is the most important one, and they really pay attention to details.My friend and I grabbed breakfast there, and it was delicious. The server, Choloe, was funny, efficient, and friendly. Our coffee and juices were filled and she was everywhere at once, without being obtrusive. I really enjoyed my breakfast, which was a ton of high quality food, and a good price. I will be back for more, and look forward to lunch there as well. Dottie's is True Blue in my book for sure!
5	Searched for something new on Yelp and my friends - you did not let me down. This amazing little space has friendly helpful service, and a plethora of delectable choices for breakfast. We tried a trio of the scrambles - smoked salmon... whiskey sausage... and prosciutto with all the mixins. Momma had a beautiful pancake that had a large hint of cinnamon and ginger.  Easy location to venture out onto 5th Avenue and help to stimulate our economy. OH, and the scone was a wonderful snack a bit later on. I will definitely visit you again Dottie's!!!
3	I thought the food was great, service was borderline obtrusive, which is better than bad service but a little much. Alyssa ( found out her name from the receipt because she didn't offer it) was helpful in her suggestions. The black bean cakes, poached eggs and potatoes were delicious! Mom had basic egg breakfast and my niece had french toast. Alyssa recommended the cinnamon roll french toast and after my niece said sure, she came back to say they were out so she had the regular french toast. This was a Sunday morning so it was fairly busy but when the food was taking awhile, Alyssa asked if we wanted a muffin or scone and apologized about the wait so we said sure, we'll just share a muffin. It was appreciated and delicious. Pumpkin with cream cheese frosting. The owner was pitching in and helping his staff, which i love to see. Iced t was great, passionfruit flavored. Here's the reason for 3 & not 4 stars....we got the already pricey bill and she CHARGED us for the muffin! Get the F outta here! I really hate shit like that and probably wont be back for that reason.
3	Just the facts:- Great options for healthier eating- Unique non-meat sandwich options at lunch (portabello, grilled zucchini, black bean, etc.)- decent coffee- cute atmosphere and fun S&P shakers at the table- kind of pricey- I want to go back to try breakfast
4	We had Sunday brunch here. Food was great, service was excellent. Cool atmosphere. We'll be back!
5	I don't go out to breakfast much.  One, the lines.  I got better things to do with my life than wait an hour for a meal.  Two, I may not be the world's best chef, but I can cook an egg or two, fry some bacon, make pancakes and waffles.  But when you're on vacation, staying at a hotel, you don't want to eat the continental breakfast every day.  We'd walked by Dottie's the day before eating here and it looked like you could get right in, maybe because it's off the main drag through town.  So we came back, and got right in.  Yay!It's got kind of a nice diner feel inside, which is how I like my breakfast restaurants.  The waitress was friendly.  Restaurant's a little on the small side, but nobody had to wait more than a few minutes while we were there.  Bathrooms are in another building, which is a little odd, but whatevs.Food was friggin good, and just different enough to set itself apart.  I had the Southwestern, which, get the Southwestern.  It is a ton of food, and de-friggin-licious.  You got your andouille sausage, all your normal veggies, on top of perfect eggs, served with what tasted like homemade tortillas (at least not store bought) to scoop it up with.  Add hot sauce, it's good.  Tanya had black bean cakes and eggs, which were also great.  The cakes were so tasty and the texture so enticing.  We had a really great southwestern breakfast that I could not have made at home, and we didn't have to wait.  Doesn't get much better than that.  Though, does anyone know what the racket is with orange juice at breakfast places?  Everywhere I've ever been charges an arm and a leg for half a cup of OJ.  Oh well.
4	Saturday brunch at Dottie's was easy-peasy and suuuuper delicious.  No waiting required!  Just walk up and grab a table on their outdoor patio, or indoors if you prefer.  I've seen Scottsdale go NUTS for brunch, and Dottie's is on the tame kitten side of things in this regard.  Service was very friendly.  Always a plus.  And the food... Oh, the food... Look, I don't even LIKE pancakes (96% true), but for some reason when I saw Blueberry Cornmeal Pancakes with real maple syrup on the menu, I had to get them.  THEY WERE SO FREAKING GOOD!!!  I ate more than my fair share (which would have been half since we were sharing plates, but I did go a little overboard).  The Black Bean Cakes were also fantastic.  Came with grilled potatoes, sour cream, and salsa, and GRILLED CHILI-CHEDDAR CORN BREAD!!  (I think I like corn, guys.  In the shape of breads and cakes.)  Order it with their jalapeno jelly.  You will be so happy you did.
5	Great breakfast spot!   Definitly will go there again next time I am in Phoenix
2	Menu seemed underwhelming.  Took my 8 year old daughter to breakfast Saturday morning before work. We are both light eaters,  the easiest thing w could order was two eggs over easy with a side of bacon and sausage, my coffee age her chocolate milk. Waited 30 minutes and paid $33?!?!?Nothing on the menu enticed me to return again. But it's walking distance to work. Hope their lunch is better
5	Been to Dottie's the past couple weekends and it is way good! Especially if you like bacon. Probably the best breakfast in town.
3	I wanted to love this place, but was just left thinking... Meh.  Not terrible by any means, but didn't leave thinking, must go back.  We went there for breakfast and sat on the patio. It was a great spot and also dog friendly.  I had the Black bean cakes with eggs and grilled chili cornbread. It had a lot of potential, but needed some kind of seasoning or sauce.  I don't remember what Hottie had, but he also felt like it was just okay and needed seasoning.  We'll probably give it another try sometime, but we'll be in no rush to get there!
2	I only went here because my normal breakfast spots were really busy. Found the staff fairly rude and not very helpful. The food was overpriced for what it was. Coffee was bad restaurant coffee (brown water). There are much better breakfast options in town. I will likely not eat here again.
3	Tried Dottie's for the first time this morning. The patio seating remained fairly cool despite the rising temps. I also liked that we weren't packed like sardines like some local places. Our server was gracious and friendly, making recommendations when appropriate. I had the prosciutto, basil and tomato scramble. Tasty! The red chili was zingy although it did overpower the fresh basil a bit. While not bowled over, I would still recommend this place and will be going back at some point.
2	I hate writing bad reviews so I'm gonna touch on the positive before I touch on the negative.The positives:The restaurant is lovely, and nicely decorated.  We sat on the patio and it was also very pleasant out there too.  The cinnamon roll that my best friend got was delicious; soft, yeasty and just the right amount of frosting too; very well made.  The peach mimosas were fabulous, although at $7 each I thought they were too pricey.  The staff is gracious and accommodating, although perhaps not extremely attentive.The negatives:Since we had others joining us we were coming in three stages and the waiter knew that, but after our last diner arrived we sat there for several minutes waiting for our waiter to show back up and take our orders, but he had vanished so we finally had to flag down a busboy and ask for our waiter to return.I ordered the pulled pork scramble for about $11 and it was sweet.  SWEET!  What the what??!  I picked at it trying to find a delicious, salty forkful of meaty pulled pork that *didn't* taste like it'd been slow roasted in pancake syrup and I couldn't find one edible bite.  I'm sorry, but sweet pork scrambled with eggs and cheese actually is a dismal combination.  The unsalted, rosemary roasted breakfast potatoes that came with my pork and scrambled eggs somehow managed to lack any zip or zing too.  I ate one bite of the potatoes and gave up.   This was also served with two flour tortillas which were soft and warm, but otherwise nondescript.There was nothing of note on my whole plate and the pork and eggs was practically inedible in my opinion.  I sent my food back with about 4 bites taken out of it and sadly, the waiter didn't even think to question why I was basically sending a full plate of food back to the kitchen  Coffee is $2.25 and about as nondescript as coffee can be.  I mean seriously, it tasted like .50 a cup coffee, except it wasn't, it was $2.25.  Oh well...So in retrospect, I paid about $26 for a breakfast that consisted of about 5 bites of food from my own plate, a cup of coffee, a mimosa and a bite of my friend's cinnamon roll.Yep, I won't be back.
4	My husband and I tried Dottie's last week, after living in the area and knowing about it for far too long.  The restaurant itself is great; clean, open, comfortable.  They also have great patio seating.  Our server was wonderful; prompt, polite, made good recommendations.  The food was good.  We are benedict people, and there wasn't benedict, but I had the black bean cakes and my husband had a little of everything.  The black bean cakes were good, the jalapeno jelly for the cornbread was excellent (as was the corn bread) and the pancakes and French toast were noteworthy.  We'll definitely be back.
1	Service was good, food was sub par.  I wouldn't recommend.  Everything was very bland.
5	I had a very enjoyable breakfast! The staff was super friendly. I would definitely go back again.
2	Bad service !!!!  Second time here, not coming back.!!!!
4	Undiscovered gem. Just a block off the main drag. Super friendly wait person. Good food! Big menu. Quick service.  Unique, comfortable  atmosphere.  Large black & white photos of classic old movie stars. Audrey, Marilyn...
4	Really liked this place! Very quaint and cozy inside. Our server was awesome and made recommendations which was greatly appreciated. They have a large menu and everything looks delicious.I ordered the pulled pork scramble and my girlfriend had the black bean cakes. My dish was very tasty! The pork was sweet and with a little hot sauce it was over. Let the "sport eating" commence. My friend did not care for the cakes, but I thought they were pretty decent. I personally enjoy meat too much for a veggie dish though. ;) They have pictures of the evolution of Dottie's which is cute. They have $7 mimosas which was tempting along with the cinnamon roll French toast. Well, I guess it looks like I know what I want when I return. Great breakfast spot, not too packed, no wait, perfect!
4	Great place to grab a tasty breakfast and sit on the dog friendly patio!  We stopped by early on a Sunday morning and were pretty much the only ones there...hope it picks up because this place was really quite good.  Good, quiet location, good service and good food.
