5	This is my very favorite boba shop.  I come here to get red bean flavor.  They don't carry that in my neighborhood.  The taro and boba milk tea are terrific here as well.  There is often a line out the door.  It gets confusing waiting for your drink because it gets so crowded and they don't yell out your name so it's hard whats going on.
3	at first i thought "oh another lollicup clone", but i have to say this place is actually better than that. the prices are also slightly cheaper and their cold tea drinks have a deeper tea flavor.. at least the honey milk tea did.+ cool tables and couches inside- cash only
4	The prices are better than some of the other boba joints around and they offer some different stuff on their menu.  I sometimes opt for the smoothies w/ boba in them and they're fruity and refreshing....kinda like old Wham! songs.  You can also opt for less sugar in your drink which is nice too!
5	A boba place?  In the desert?  Oh yes!I actually still crave the watermelon smoothie with boba.  Most refreshing drink ever created.
5	This is my place to go for Milk Tea when I used to live in Vegas but still when I visit the family, I still like to come here for the delectable Milk Tea.  I like that the service is relatively quick and its reasonable priced. Everytime I'm in town,I only order Milk Tea with Boba and occassionally spicy fish balls, sadly.  Actually, I take that back, I did have an Avolcado drink with Boba and it was delicious!  So this place is great for quick snack if you're not really hungry.
4	Milk Tea Boba here is awesome!!! Milk Tea taste great! Boba is on point! I just wish the price was cheaper. Other than that I definitely will be back.
5	After I came back from my Vegas trip, I knew I was missing a review of this wonderful boba tea shop. I drank this same cup of tea for 6 hours. Yes, I was on the road for that long. Believe it or not, after the ice melted and when I only had a few pieces of boba left, this tea still tasted just as good.  The way I gauge my boba teas is by the quality of the boba's and this place definitely does a fantastic job of preparing them. I mean anyone can use condensed milk and mix up a good tea. It is the soft yet chewy tasty bobas that make the difference.I didn't stay in the store long enough to notice if there were computers or not. I do have to say the service is very fast and if your order is not too complicated, you will get it ahead of others. I know where I will be stopping the next time I leave Vegas...Lastly, the prices are a dollar cheaper then Lollicrap and Pee Station.
3	Came here with a friend the last time I visited her in Vegas, and it was decent boba. I'm from the cupertino (CA) area, so I grew up with boba at my fingertips.  This is not the BEST, but its good when you're craving it.  It was easily lcoated within the huge plaza so we got boba and cruised around Ranch 99 for a while.  I had the Thai Tea which quenched my thirst on the hot day.
4	I love this place! The service is always great and friendly. Their milk teas, smoothies and drinks are all awesome. I usually get the honeydew smoothie with boba but lately , I have been addicted to the taro smoothie with boba. If you have not had the taro smoothie, believe me you will not get disappointed, never mind the weird purple color, this smoothie is refreshing and good. They also have appetizers in here but I have never tried it but it looks good. It is getting hotter so hopefully this place gets some serious business.:)
5	So one day I walk into dis tea store with ma posse and so I asks the chinese kid dere wat was good cuz on account I can't reed good but den i remember i was reeding da chinese menu. Dat lil' boi toll me dat da milk tea was goooood so I got dat. After I took a drank i was lyke "DAAAAAaaaaAAAAAaaaayyummmm!!! Dat's sum goood black ballz cuz i've had lotz o' black balls... cuz I been to tea planet and eazie way but the iz whack." Once I done dranking ma drank I thank dat chinese kid. I new all dem azn people was alll genieouses!
4	my first time trying boba, and oh wow, it taste really good. The boba is very chewy. My friend recommended boba milk tea with coconut jelly. The jelly also have great texture. I would recommended this place to everyone
4	It is like any other good boba place.  The atmosphere/ environment is nice and calm.  I had the boba milk tea and expected the taste.  The boba was good as well as the milk tea.  Its good, definitely a nice place to hang out.  It is also in the shopping center so it has a nice location.  Monkey man! hahaUnfortunately, some of the seats were kind of dirty as well as the table but I am sure they were going to clean them soon.  I gave it four stars instead of 5 because the workers seemed a bit rude and the chair was dirty.  Doesn't truly stand out as the best but its a tea place alright.
4	Another great Volcano Tea House, located close to the strip. Love this place! My new favorite drink is the taro smoothie with boba. But I will always love the almond and black milk teas (see my review on the "Sawtelle" location).
4	In the same shopping center as Harbor Palace, I spot Volcano Tea. Yay!  Just like back in LA.  It is my goto spot for boba.  I was a bit apprehensive to try boba outside of Cali because of my horrible experience in Phoenix, but I was hoping since it was Volcano Tea, I should be satisfied. I walked in and the place was very modern, it reminded me of the store back home.  The menu looked a little different. Some different drink options and some missing...couldn't find my Japanese Green Milk Tea on the menu. There were a lot of people ordering...good sign.  I just kept it simple and ordered the boba milk tea.  I got my tea pretty quickly, just like at the other store.  I took one sip...YUMMY!  The boba was soft and did not have a hard center. I located my frequent customer card so I can get a stamp, the Vegas location was listed on the card.  I presented my card, but they said they don't accept it at this location.  I looked at the fine print and it said it was only good at the WLA and Rosemead stores.  BOO!  That's not right.  Oh well.  At least I got a good milk tea to recharge my juices before we made the trip back to Cali and I now know where to get my boba fix when I am in Vegas.
5	My fav boba shop!  Great stop anytime or a stop for the long road.  They have the chewiest, freshest boba.  It's so yummy too bad it's so far away to me.  I'm pretty boring I just get the boba milk tea with coconut jelly.  Also they have great spicy squid balls.
5	Picturing my worst day ever, you could hand me an almond or coconut milk tea with boba from Volcano Tea and all my troubles would melt away while I have that drink in my hand. Calories? Who cares, the tea is AMAZING. I've also tried their jelly drinks, strawberry and pineapple, which were both fantastic. They don't accept credit or debit so bring your cash... you can watch them make your drink and all of their equipment looks clean, everyone is clean cut and nice, and it's a cute little shop.
5	I love their boba milk tea!!!! My wife and kids had their smoothies and love it!!!  Overall a good spot to check out!
5	Mmmm fresh watermelon boba... Looked this place on yelp, and definately, not disappointed... I enjoyed it very much. my other friends ordered lemon tea and regular milk tea, they loved it.... so the end result.. mmmmm YuM Yum
1	This is purely for the popcorn chicken. It's HORRIBLE! I've never has such bad popcorn chicken in my life. The order was not even a full order when we got it. The bag was less than half filled. Our order had basil with the full stems...they're definitely not shaisty with the basil but the chicken....how bad could something be made?? There was no batter. It seem like naked fake chicken fried. Whatever you do, never order popcorn chicken there. I can't speak for other things.
5	I come here all the time!!I usually get almond milk tea w/boba or regular milk tea w/boba. When in season, I get fresh watermelon w/boba. They know how to cook the boba here. It's soft and all they they way through. They serve some snacks but I haven't tried any yet. There are some tables so you can kick it if you want. I think there are some seats outside as well. The drinks come out fast even when there is a line!
4	I found this boba store on a whim when I was going to Ranch 99. Went in to get a quick drink and got Jasmine Milk Tea for only $3 total. It's consider cheap when you compare the price to Tea Station. So I always go here when I have some extra cash in my wallet.
3	At the heart of Chinatown Plaza, where many SoCal tourist come from lies 1 of 3 boba places in the same freakin plaza! This takes Asian Starbucks at every corner to a whole new level. This is probably the best out of the 3, but there are some better alternatives. Like the previous reviews, the workers here are zombies, might as well put a machine here and let me order off of that, or better yet my iPhone. The decor of this place is a lot more comfortable with the couches than a couple of other places in town. A great place to lounge with a group of people after losing at the casino. In the taste department everything is powder, so don't have high expectations. The coconut I usually get is good, but I've had better at Easy Life Boba. The almond just made me want to puke. Maybe its just the taste or maybe I just got a bad batch.If you want a more higher end  pricey boba place, walk across to the next plaza heading east to Tea Station. Otherwise, Volcano Tea will be satisfactory, just don't try comparing it to the places back in Califo
3	Stopped by yesterday for an Almond Milk Tea w/boba. For the first time there was some powder chunks in my drink. Now I understand what some of you other yelpers are talking about. The boba was cooked perfectly so I still gave em 3 stars. I should've ordered the fresh watermelon. Next time I guess.
5	One of the very awesome boba places I've been to. The tea actually tastes like tea (and not sweet milk), the bubbles are soft, yet firm.. and they offer something different - wheat germ milk tea = regular milk tea with extra fibre. Yum.
5	I have found Boba heaven!!!!! Haha, Volcano Tea House is a splendid little tea/coffee shop that serves up all different kinds of specialty drinks. Everything from Boba's to fresh roasted coffee can be found at this great little shop. This place also has a few finger foods like french fries, fried shrimp, etc. I went with my younger brother  yesterday and purchased the almond milk boba. It was delicious!!! The service was prompt and friendly; i cannot wait to return!
3	Just your typical franchised boba tea place with the additional Taiwanese style appetizers menu.  It is located in "Chinatown" with at least 2 other boba tea stores in the same stripmall.  It can be crowded or fairly empty depending on when you decide to visit.The bobas are cooked well, so that is always a good sign.  But the drinks are almost always prepared from powder, unless they are running some seasonal promotions.  My favorite item to order here is the popcorn chicken.  It is super good and usually seasoned just right when freshly prepared. But what is not to like with most deep fried snacks.
5	the bubbles were awesome!  not mushy or over cooked at all!  definitely worth it.the tea wasn't too bad either
5	This place is the shit! I've been going here for years and still, they never let me down becaussseeee of the watermelon boba! Nom nom nom. It's one of the only boba tea house that would serve and blend fresh watermelons for the drink itself. No powder, no artificial substance, no nothing! Git ittt :D
5	We love Boba tea.  And, we have tried many places within Las Vegas.  This is far and away the mother of all Boba tea places.  Yes, it is that good.My wife loves the Taro Tea (with Ice).  I normally order the Coconut Smoothie.  We usually ask for less sugar/sweeten.  And, each time, the owners have accomodated us.  The boba jelly is cooked to perfection ~ fresh and cushy.  You find a lot of places with stale, dry, or hard boba.  Service - excellent --- quick, friendly staff, and easyAtmosphere -- it is tiny and hard to find.  But, once you find this place, you want to come back.Overall, great Boba Tea place.... Definitely, they are the best in Vegas...
4	Surprisingly good. The boba was soft and chewy. The milk tea was good. $2.69. Located on the first floor.If you order other drinks, it is $.45 to add boba. This boba shop will not blow you away but it's good enough to visit if you are close by. Run by a nice korean family.Cash only.
1	i like this place, but i won't rate it highly until the accept credit/debit.  it's 2010 folks, no one carries cash anymore.  don't inconvenience me and make me have to run to an ATM just to give you money.
4	Volcano Tea House is one of my new favorite places to get boba drinks. It is located in Chinatown near a couple other shops but I personally prefer it due to the selection, the English menu and the nice, clear decor. The only downside is that they only take cash, but drinks are $1+ cheaper then most other shops so I can deal with the cash only rule. . I decided to get a peach milk tea with boba  rather then my normal honeydew milk tea, mainly because this was the first shop I saw that offered peach. It was a little too sweet, even for me, and I LIKE super sweet stuff. The boba was cooked perfectly though, next time I will ask for less sweetener and I think I may have the perfect drink!
4	Good service and atmosphere. The lychee milk tea was delicious and the boba cooked to perfection. We went back the next day and had the coconut slush, which was also very good! Nice little hang out spot for locals and tourists alike! They also serve appetizers.
5	I've been to this tea house on multiple occasions and I've never gotten a bad drink. They have a wide variety of teas and smooties, AND they have some food items too. They sell french fries, onion rings, and some other fried delights. The snacks perfectly satisfy my fried greasy cravings while the drinks are really refreshing. You'll see me here ordering the Almond milk tea, or my new favorite: the Lychee smoothie :)
5	A little hidden but so glad I found Volcano Tea House! Really can't go wrong with a boba milk or a honeydew melon smoothie here. Boba is always the perfect texture. Friendly staff, quick service, plenty of parking, price is fair, and stamp cards! Need I say more? Only thing is that they only accept cash here but still well worth it :)
2	I think this place was okay.They have a choice of medium or large for their drinks. The lady didn't ask me what size I wanted, but I would think that if it wasn't stated then they would go with the medium size. Instead I was charged for the large when I really didn't even want that much. I got the regular milk tea and I will never get it from here again. I've had wayyyyy better in the bay area. I'm a huge boba fan, but it just didn't fancy my taste buds here.My friend ordered a hot jasmine milk tea which turned out pretty good though.
4	My favorite boba place in Vegas! I am no boba connoisseur; in fact, I discovered my love for boba only a few years ago. However, out of all the other boba places that I've tried around town, no one can make their boba quite like Volcano Tea House can. Their boba always has just the right amount of chewiness without being overcooked, and their drinks are competitively priced compared to other boba shops. Whenever I go, I usually order a medium Boba Milk Tea. There was a period of time when I ordered nothing but the Honey Milk Tea with boba, but I switched over to Boba Milk Tea, a less sweet version of the Honey Milk Tea but with boba included in the price. I've tried some of the snacks like the fried shrimp balls (deep fried shrimp-flavored odeng with a peppery kick and accompanying sweet sauce), and while good, I probably will just stick to their boba drinks. The atmosphere is cute- Korean pop songs on repeat, posters of Korean girl groups on the walls, colorful chairs, etc. It's a nice little place to hang out with friends when you're in the mood for boba. I wish Volcano Tea House would stay open a little later in the night. Warnings: CASH ONLYThe line can get long and the store crowded during some parts of the day (but the workers are usually pretty quick at making drinks).
3	I got a lychee green tea with bubbles. I was hoping there would be a vegan taro flavored option, but the selection was limited for vegans. My tea was a bit too sweet, but the bubbles were awesome. They were perfectly soft and chewy. Friendly staff.
4	I love the fried chicken, no matter how pricey it is for the portion you get, I'm addicted to them.  It comes in a tiny bag (only about 1/3 full) but it's good.  The only thing about it is that it's not completely consistent, sometimes it comes out better than other times but still good.  I love it when I see tons of basil leaves because usually it tastes better to me that way.I love their milk teas and the avocado smoothie.  They use real fruit for the avocado, but I'm not sure about the other fruit drinks.As for the service, all of the workers there are friendly except the younger male teenager.  I don't really like it when he is working the cash register.  I'm going to guess and say he is probably the owner's son who really does not want to be there and is forced to by his parents....he looks and acts miserable.  I'm not sure whether to feel bad for him or be annoyed by his customer service.I've been going here since it opened, and never really had a complaint except once when they gave me both boba and lychee jelly in my milk tea when I only wanted the jelly.  I would have preferred that they made me a new drink instead (I don't think it would have cost them too much).  I was turned off watching one of the workers fish out the boba...one by one... Not only that, my drink ended up having less jelly than normal afterwards.
4	got a craving for boba so i decided to come and check this place out. i love taro milk tea and always judge a boba place on how this drink tastes. my drink was perfect. not too sweet, had a good light flavor. the boba was delicious and tasted really fresh. they have a pretty big menu for drinks and they have food here too. i'll be back. =)
4	Local and Tourist OasisTea house specializing in Asian boba and teas, cash only, parking lot, cafe seating
5	Ahhh!  I found something closer than over by Citibank on Sahara and Durango!I had their coconut smoothie with boba, and it was delicious.I also had their strawberry jelly, which was equally delicious if not amazingly delicious!  I must have more!  Cheap, too!  But, cash only. :(
4	So I absolutely love milk tea with or without boba, For awhile I had boba milk tea nearly everyday and so I have tried all the places in town, well most of them anyway.So this place does not serve the best milk tea or mixed drinks in vegas, well in my opinion anyway, however it is my favorite place to chill while drinking boba milk tea. The staff is really cool they are really nice, and they get youre drinks out promptly and if there is an issue they handle it professionally. Their boba milk tea is not the best but for the price and the environment it is the best deal ive seen.. The tea is not terrible but it will not blow you away either.However you want a quick drink or you want to sit an drink something good volcano tea house is the way to go
4	I had the Lychee Jelly Juice, and that was delicious.  The spicy chicken is also delicious but pricy.  But man, it's really spicy.  I wish I could get a bag of the leafy thing that's in there and eat that itself...so good.Also had an avacado smoothie....tasted too much like avacado for me.  I had avacado elsewhere and it wasn't nearly as avacado-y as this one.  So if you like avacados, go for it.Also tried the blueberry bubble tea that my husband got...was kinda like a watered down slushie but delicious nonetheless.  Quite pleased with it all.
2	We went here last night to get a late night snack. I ordered the shrimp balls. I didn't care for them. They were like a shrimp sausage meatball. I was hoping for more like whole shrimp. They were probably made the traditional way, so they may be good to people who are expecting that. But I didn't care for the texture nor the flavor. The dipping sauce was pretty good though.My wife ordered the red bean shaved ice. It was okay. The flavor was decent and reminded me of red beans and rice. I'm not a fan of tapioca pearls though. I don't like the consistency. Again, it was probably made traditionally and may be enjoyable if that's what you liker expecting. But it's just not my thing. I'm kind of weird about consistency.While I'm not giving a great rating, it's based more on my personal preferences. I wouldn't dissuade people from going there if they like boba drinks. Just not my thing.
5	Love these. Favorite is the cantalope boba tea. Fast, super friendly service. Comfortable seating. Couple tables outside.
4	I am on a never ending quest to find the elusive perfect tapioca drink. Out of all the ones in Las Vegas, this might be the closest. Their boba has always been the right consistency; chewy, yet not rubbery. The teas can sometimes be disappointing. My friend had ordered a lychee green tea and it turned out to taste more like lemon. She had also ordered an almond milk tea and it tasted like the regular milk tea. Maybe they just made a mistake, because my friend did not verify. Their slush tend to be dependable. The mango with lychee jelly strips are delectable, but sweet. Avoid it if you can not take too much sugar. This is shared drink. The factor which makes Volcano more enjoyable than their competitors are the employees. The women that work here are super sweet.
2	Went here this afternoon to cool off from the super nice weather we're having. Not a lot of people when i came in, ordered the Mango bubble drink. The drink was very tasty. A bit too thick for my personal preference. The reason why this place is getting two stars is because of the actual bubbles. Over half of the bubbles weren't properly cooked therefore it left them pretty hard and did not taste well. I ended up not drinking the rest of my drink. What a waste of bubbles, so sad....
4	Let me start off by saying how surprised I was to have a decent experience. The last time I went to Volcano was probably six years ago, no joke. I don't know what has happened over the years but this establishment has definitely changed for the better. The main reason why I vowed never to return was because their boba was never cooked right. I can honestly say that they have it down to the right consistency now. Bravo. Try their grape slush. It is to die for!
4	This is a place I've been going to since high school. I've always had a pleasant time and no difficulties when it comes to ordering, and at least the boba is indeed the right consistency (nothing that's too disintegrating in your mouth or too firm). I usually order the green tea smoothie boba, but will sometimes stay to get the milk or regular tea. They offer you a generous amount of boba in your drink, and usually the atmosphere is of a hip, younger crowd.
1	...not a fan. They messed up on 3 of our separate orders; not blending it, boba when asked for jelly, and a completely different flavor. Were pretty veteran boba drinkers so we know what we want and we know how to order it so it was a big surprise that ALL THREE of our orders were incorrect.We let the cashier know and asked if we could have simple adjustments but she looked confused and said no. Not even just to pop the unblended one into the blender (although after i understood due to health and sanitation reasons)Bad customer service or bad active listening skills, Volcano Tea House did not do us well..
4	The closest boba I've had to Bee's Dessert boba in Hawaii.And if you know Bee's then, you know exactly how good it is.Creamy and not that sweet, which is exactly how I roll.
4	Hard to find since the sign is hidden.Got food and all kind of boba. Friendly service. And the price seem very cheap to me compared to other boba place i've been too.The boba was cook to perfection - soft and chewy. Just don't order the avocado. i didn't think it was fresh enough for me.
5	THIS PLACE IS FLAT OUT, POINT BLANK, NO CONTEST, the best Bobba drink house in Nevada PERIOD! i have been drinking the black tapioca balls drink since i was 16 and now im 29 and i have had hundreds everywhere. Not only is it the cheapest place in town with a regular bobba being under 2.50 but the quality of the tea and the well prepared Bobba balls are cooked perfect. I really hate when people write comments like the balls were not cooked right when they had them in a frozen drink. When you have these cooked tapioca balls in a frozen drink you jepordize their quality. I would say get their standard milk tea with bobba and you will see the quality im talking about. This place only takes cash but they are fast VERRY clean and most of all verry good!
1	This has been my worst experience at any boba spots ever. The customer service was horrible. Everyone on staff had no clue what was going on and missed a bunch of orders, including mine. They left me waiting for forty five minutes before proceeding to make my order after I told them many times. And the last thing that completes it is they messed up my order. This location sucks and the service sucks. Opt for another boba place when you're in Vegas.
4	One of my favorite boba places here in Vegas other than Tea Station except the fact that the place is really small, and the sign isn't too noticeable. Not really a nice place to chill and talk with your friends but definitely a good place for to-go teas...very fast service! I love their smoothies, milk teas specifically the taro and their fruit shaved ice! For $5 you get a cup full of diff fruits or with red bean paste in it. Also, the least expensive. Don't forget to ask for a stamp card! When you get 9 stamps, you get a free medium sized boba! I think it's good for a boba-holic like me, cause i use mine everytime i go there! I just don't like the fact that they don't accept credit cards. But other than that, i'm a fan.
5	I didn't realize how picky people are about their boba... but then I started noticing, some boba is better than other boba.  And as a matter of fact, I noticed I liked Volcano Tea's boba.  It is cooked well, it's not too hard, or soft I guess??My order is not a usual order... I get an unsweetened black ice tea with boba, no milk or sugar added.  I loved their black tea I gotta say.  And supposedly this place is better priced than the other joints.  And it's close to one of my best friends in Vegas whom I like to call Mr Sandwich... he told me his first name but I won't say what it is in such a public domain... peace!!!!!!
3	Boba is not as good as the LA Volcano Tea, but hey, I'll take what I can get out here... LA Volcano Tea is the best in the world, imho.
5	There is rarely an instance when I'm displeased with my boba from Volcano Tea.  Being that I worked at a boba shop for 3 years, I think I can tell when the boba is cooked right or wrong.I usually order a peach milk tea with boba. First of all, one of the most interestingly-flavored drinks I've ever had, and every time I order it, it tastes exactly like the time before.  Volcano Tea is consistent.Service is okay, but the important thing is the boba... and they never get it wrong over there!
4	We have been coming to this place for years now. The Boba is delicious they have a variety of flavors to choose from. I love their Taro Boba & my kids orders different flavors all the time. Their price is affordable. Friendly staff.
4	if your in the china town area and you have the want for boba, go here.  its the best i think.i usually order the taro (my fav regardless of anywhere i go).  for summer days, i like to get the blended cold one... in the winter, i love to get the hot taro with boba.  yum.  i also like the mango and lychee... both great.  it doesn't have the "powedery" taste that some boba places have.even though the place is usually pretty bumpin, the lines goes by reasonably quick and you normally get your boba fast.  don't forget to get the stamp card.  if your in a group of people, they'll normally stamp them all on one.  :)
4	the only bad thing about this place is that it is cash only. which is sometimes a little inconvenient but other then that its probably one of the most reasonably priced places in chinatown. its way less then tea station about half the price. so for now this is my new favorite place. nothing i have tried is bad here.
4	Andrew J. and I grabbed boba here before driving back to the OC. This was good stuff! I must admit, I was a skeptic--I almost laughed at the idea of getting boba in LV at first...but now I know. The pearls were QQ rather than soft and mushy, and the tea (regular milk tea) was flavorful, with the perfect amount of sweetness and creaminess. I'll be stopping here each time I visit LV now :)
5	Every time I go to china town I have to go here.Me and my nanny love this place.Im not real big on the boba but i do love there smoothys.I usualy get the grape kind and its always very good.Im scared to try the tea because im not a real big tea person.If anyone is the same way but likes them let me know how you feel about them.Grape smoothy-Sweet dosnt taste like normal grape flavored stuff but its still wonderful
3	Standard boba shop.After a fiery meal at Yun Nan, my friends and I went across the street in need for something alkaline to sooth the acid away. I got the taro milk tea w/o boba and it tasted like any other taro milk tea I have tried. The decor needs an upgrade or they need to do a better job maintaining their furniture. Everything looks like they've been sat on too much and for too long (especially the grey cushioned seats). I'm not a regular here so I don't know how loud it gets normally but the night my friends and I stopped in there was a group of Asian girls who were particularly loud. I had a hard time hearing my friends who were sitting right next to me. We would be talking and then get interrupted with a loud and high pitched "HAHAHA" followed by a louder "OMG BLAHBLAH BLAH BLAH!" That was probably me when I was young, obnoxiously loud when grouped with other Asians girls. Anyway, I took it as life's way of telling me to just get it to-go next time (and that I was getting old).
3	I am always looking for quali-tea. Their teas here are disappointing. Their boba is delicious. I ordered the almond milk tea and it tasted like regular milk tea. I thought it was just me until I happened to also read David S.'s review. Even if this is only for milk tea, this is too much milk powder for the milk tea. I can taste that the tea is good quality tea, so I wish they wouldn't mask the quality of the tea with so much powder.I would recommend to the owner that he/she put all the powders in the silver shaker, add just a little bit of hot water, enough to cover the powder, and mix it and liquify it before adding ice and tea and shaking up the drink, rather than just mixing everything in the plastic cup, which is supposed to be for the final product. I love your boba!! I want good tea! Please don't take my criticism too harshly. I want you to do well and I want to return! I really want to like this place. Las Vegas needs good boba AND tea!
5	This place is like my drug. I come here almost every other weekend whenever I stop by to 99 Ranch. I usually ordered my honeydew milktea. Unlike most places, you can tell that they use the real stuff not like the fake powdered residue you get elsewhere. I like the smooth texture of my tea and that's how it's suppose to be. My friend and I agreed that all bbtea should be of fine quality and this place is the best in town thus far in my opinion.
4	Jasmine milk boba tea or green tea boba is the best. Hot or cold.The boba milk tea with a shot of espresso woke me up big time. I have hot wheels racing in my head. Love it!!!The best boba in Vegas, delicious and wonderful texture. Soft & chewy. We got the milk tea and jasmine. Jasmine is the best.
4	Boba: Decent boba, this place makes their boba from powder so its okay not a fan of powdered drinks. They don't have much of a variety of drinks like other boba places but their boba balls are always chewy and I love it.Snacks: I love ordering the Fried spicy chicken personally I think this is the best place for it. They give it to you in this cute small bag with 2 sticks (for stabbing to eat your bite size pieces of chicken) Parking: this boba joint is located in the China town plaza so there's a lot of parking. Only problem is you just have to be careful. Chinese Asian drivers & pedestrians are ruthless. So beware and drive slow! Design: I love their bright colored, modern cafe look inside. Definitely a great place to sit down and enjoy some boba with friends. Atmosphere is a plusPrice: Decent price, only bad thing about this place is CASH ONLY
1	Two words: DIRTY and UNSANITARY.  These words came from someone who has been a loyal patron to this establishment for the last seven years, due to their delicious boba. However, nothing will ever make me go back to this place ever again. And to be fair to the previous owners, I want to mention that this place started going downhill since the current husband and wife owners took over the place about 2 years ago. Three strikes and you're out: Strike one, about a year, I noticed that they didn't clean the blender when they started making my drink. I wasn't happy about it but kinda gave it a pass because I figured the stuff in there was probably some kinda of fruit drink anyway and they were busy.Strike two: A couple months after that, on my way to the washroom, I noticed a couple little cockroaches on the wall near where they make shaved ice. Well, got a little disgusted by it but still came back because of good boba drink.Strike three: Recently, I came back to order a milk tea and a avocado drink. The place was pretty much empty except about 2 customers. The husband was talking to acquaintance, the son was taking order, and the mom was making drink. By the way, the son has no clue about their menu when people in front of me asked him what were the ingredients in some of the drinks. Anyway, I noticed there were a bunch of dirty (has food in it) blenders on the counter, so I started to pay close attention to which blender she will use. Guess what? she picked up one of the dirty blenders (with me staring at it from unobstructed view) and started putting in avocado, milk, sugar, etc.... I called out and asked her what was the stuff before she put the avocado in it. She said avocado, milk, sugar, ice, like I asked what my drink was made of. I told her that I noticed she didn't wash the blender and there were food (that has been sitting in the blender for who knew how long) in it , she then pretended not to hear me.When I received the drinks, I threw (slammed) the avocado drink right down the trash bin in front of them, just so they know how disgusted I was and I will never come back and they can bet my friends and fellow yelpers will hear about it. Like other fellow yelpers mentions, this place does have the best boba, but I believe nothing is worth risking your health and life over. Agree?
2	Spicy chicken bites was definitely not worth the money...I probably got less than 10 pieces of chicken that was overly fried and basil stem was fried along with it (really?)...it was dry and hard to swallow. The flavoring didn't impress me either. I also ordered a lychee iced green tea WITH pearls and the lady forgot to put pearls in it...I was the only customer there! The drink was okay...probably my first and last time here.
4	Love this boba spot! We've been coming here for 3 years now! This place doesn't compare to any other boba place in town. The boba is fresh and the drinks are made quick. We'll continue to come here every time we visit China town.
1	What happened?I always find my way here when I go to Vegas but this last trip there was awful.  I think that was a new owner I saw and the tea tasted bland and light?  Are they watering down the tea or reusing tea leaves?  I don't know what happened but it was light and not like other volcano tea shops that's for sure.  I had to hop over next door to tea station to right this wrong. At last.... Tea station was able to deliver where volcano failed.
1	Dont go here. Its just Bad. Dirty. Not friendly. Bobas are disgusting. Skip this Place & go to boba nr1. Always nice friendly& explain every Drink. &&& much much better
4	almost 4 dollars for a large jasmine milk tea with boba. a little on the pricier side for such a staple flavor in the milk tea world but the flavor was phenomonal! the boba was indeed soft and chewy with a nice bounciness to it and the tea flavor was extremely strong. i dont think i've had boba this good in the bay area, SHOcKINGLY! i ordered, and i got my drink at the same time i got my change. taste is 5 stars. its not exactly overpriced, but  for some reason i expect jasmine milk teas to be $2 + $.50 for boba + $.50 for a large = $3 plus tax instead of $3.50 plus tax. its not a big monetary difference, but it leans towards the pricier side from what i've become accustomed to.volcano tea, i'm gonna hit you up at least twice everytime im in vegas! put my money on it
1	Got a large passion fruit smoothie with boba. this is my usually favor whenever I go to a Boba place. this was filled with SUGAR. No flavor whatsoever. Its merely disgusting.  I could barely finish a fourth of the large so I threw it away after I realize that forcing myself to drink a 4$ drink worth of watered sugar is not worth my health.
4	Excellent boba !
4	My first trip here definitely had the best quality tapioca pearls to date in Vegas, but my second trip resulted in some overcooked ones and there were even some pearls that had a dare I say "hemispheric" feel on my tongue as though they were the dregs at the bottom of the  boba cauldron so I will let that one time slide as an outlier experience since a lot of other trusty Yelpers seem to swear by their consistency.  However, I would like to comment on a different item that proved to be a winner winner (and incidentally chicken dinner) as I was short on time and needed a quick bite en route to catch a red eye flight out of Las Vegas.  I'm talking about the spicy fried chicken snack.  These golden brown pieces of chicken are fried to perfection and coated with a concoction of salt, pepper, asian dried herbs and chilies, possibly with a sprinkle of crack or MSG and served in a wax paper bag along with some skewers so as not to get your hands all oily and coated with the spice mixture.  I've heard that for whatever reason, it seems doubtful that Las Vegas will ever get another crack at having a Chick-Fil-A (a previous one shut down awhile back), so these will have to suffice since they come fairly close in texture, temperature, and succulence to the chicken nuggets albeit with an asian flare.  The best part was that driving at night along the Vegas freeway past the strip, one must constantly keep one's eyes on the road so it became a fun game of blind spearfishing as I took my wooden skewer, dipped it into the wax paper bag and poked around until I impaled one delightful morsel of poultry goodness after another.  End result:  hunger satisfied, accident avoided, flight boarded with time to spare.
4	Just returned for my annual Vegas visit, and this is the first place my mother took me to right out of the airport. She loves this place; comes here a few times a week or so. I've been coming here for years, and in my experience, much hasn't changed in the way of taste. It's all powdered, I believe, which you would expect from most bubble/milk tea establishments. Personal favorites: avocado smoothie, red bean smoothie, and coconut smoothieBoba is nice and chewy and I usually just decide on the spot if I want it in my drink or not. Smoothies still taste great without it.I give Volcano Tea four stars, since I'm usually just in a rush to get out after I receive my order. It's not typically a place I'd sit down and relax in, due to the atmosphere being quite noisy and such. Can't really help it, considering it's a small place and the blenders are running all the time. If you're into Korean idols, you'll probably enjoy the pictures posted about on the walls and the K-Pop music playing in the background. I go here more than any other tea place in Vegas (there's not a whole lot), so I definitely recommend it.
1	This place makes horrible drinks where they are watered down and then the cup filled with ice. Not worth the extra $1 versus competing boba places. Staff is also unfriendly as they just look at you walking in and watch you as you stare at the menu on the wall. They don't really know their drinks, such as what's the difference between a slushie and a smoothie? The answer I got was "That is blended with ice and this one also blended with ice," which didn't make any sense to me. Maybe it was a language barrier.
1	I've been here before about a year ago, and I had an alright experience but this time it was bad. I came here around 10:30AM, there were approximately 3 workers. One was on the phone, hispanic man wiping the same spot over & over again (noticing I was standing there like an idiot) and a lady in the back preparing the boba. No one greeted me, they all saw me but acted like they didn't know I was there. I was tapping my phone against the counter really hard trying to get their attention. The lady was still talking on the phone and the hispanic man was still wiping the same spot over and over again and the lady in the back is no where to be seen. I ended up walking near where the lady was on the phone and asked "ARE YOU GUYS EVEN OPEN?!" She stares at me and says "yeah we open" and I was like, "umm... okay..." Then FINALLY, she says "the lady in the back is preparing the boba." I ordered my thai tea slush with boba. I asked if they had mini boba, but they didn't. The one they have in OC is WAYY different from this one. The atmosphere here is like a korean theme with a different crowd of people. Once I got my drink, I had to rush out because my mom was waiting for me outside. I took a sip, and it was possibly the worst thai tea I ever tasted in my life, including the boba. The boba was fresh, but I think the lady forgot to add brown sugar because it tasted plain. (What a waste of calories) The thai tea itself tasted like bland coffee. I work at a boba place, so I know how boba should taste and I base boba shops on their thai tea. My experience went to shit especially with the service here. NEVER COMING BACK HERE AGAIN.
2	I had the milk tea with boba for ~4. - Small size for what its worth. At "The Hub" you can get BOGO for 3.50 - Bland flavor. Taste like quickly.- Boba is not fresh. So i suggest not coming on a friday at 8pm. - Not the volcano tea on westminster, ca- Fun atmosphere. cool tree of comments, with cards you can play with. -_____-
5	I am so obsessed with this place. The environment is great, the prices are great, and the drinks and food are AMAZING! They've got so many options, both with and without boba. I absolutely love coming here on my day off and just relaxing with a large chocolate banana smoothie with extra boba. SO GOOD!
5	Stopped by this place for the first time in a while. They seem to be in the process of a lot of change, and from what I can see, it's good change! Their menu is a lot easier to understand ANDDDTHEY FINALLY TAKE CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS! (for orders over $5) But hey, it's a start. Tried the Berry Berry smoothie (a new menu item..i think?) and it was so refreshing! Totally recommend it! Their boba was well-cooked as a I remembered from before too! It was a bit expensive from what I saw though but worth it! The place overall seemed to be under a lot of construction. I don't remember a TV being there and the walls are covered in K-pop posters. If you're into that stuff, it'll be great for you!Overall, starting to get a better vibe and the food is good too!
4	I love the Boba tea here!  One of my guilty pleasures on any given day running errands in China Town.  It is a very small place set up similarly to a Starbucks with bright cheery walls,  modern decor and pictures of actors and singers from over seas on the wallsThis place is always busy and usually quite fast in the service department unless the customers have questions, the staff dosn't seem to handle questions well.  My word of advise is don't make this place your first Boba tea visit ever.  If you know your teas and how you like them it's a great spot!  The staff is always nice and if you do have a question I suggest asking one of the guys in back not wait till you get to the front of the line they try to rush you at that point to get people in and out quickly.The choices for flavors is large, they also have a couple of styles to choose from.  I am however not an expert on boba teas.  Every time I try a new flavor I learn a little more.  The teas here always have a lot of flavor and plenty of boba the boba is soft and chewy.  My choice on this day was a Jasmin Boba Smothie, had just the right amount of flavor, just the right amount of boba and blended to a nice soft very crushed ice smoothie.  They also have a stamp card buy 10 and get 1 free if you ask for one.  I will be getting my next one free.  I love coupons, discounts and deals here and there!
2	This place lost everything because of "Kim" working the register. Lose the attitude - smile or go home. There are places where the food - or tea in this case is mediocre but the service and staff are friendly - so you return. Neither were great! There are many choices out there - go try em!
3	Being from southern California, I'm used to having all of the awesome boba places in Rowland Heights and Garden Grove. Volcano Tea was my first boba experience in Vegas. I've been a few times now, and I'm not sure I'll go back after having tried the boba at Tea Station.The boba at Volcano Tea is simply okay. The texture is fine, but I prefer my boba to be a little bit on the sweeter side. The main reason for the 3 stars is the inconsistency with the drink/slush. I've had pretty good slushes here--mango if my memory serves me correctly--but I've also had a really bad drink that tasted powdery and artificial. All in all, Volcano Tea is a nice place to go if you want to grab boba real quick since it's right off the I-15...but it may be a coin flip on whether or not the drink will be good.
2	Came here because I wanted boba. I wanted a decaf tea drink but they didn't have any. I got the mango slush and my bf got the jasmine green tea. His was very fragrant. Tried their $5 spicy (popcorn) chicken. It was gross. Dry, flavorless, and was probably fried twice. It was dark and just gross. I should've saved that $5 and went next door for their fresh spring rolls!
4	Good tea. Fair price. Quick service. Just what I needed while in a rush on a hot day.
2	located in the chinatown plaza, this place is a good place for average drinks and food.  the prices are a little bit more expensive than other places. the milk tea here is standard. the fruit drinks (such as honeydew and strawberry) are not very good at all.. go to the place inside the actual chinatown mall called no1 boba or something if you're craving a drink made of fruit (but scan your cup for hair or pieces of dirt before drinking.. that place uses fresh fruit but tends to lack on the cleanliness part).  the green tea drinks are also a little bit under average (way too sweet and artificial tasting).the shaved ice is finer than most, but incomparable to actual snow.  the volcano shaved ice comes with plain shaved ice, strawberry, boba, red bean, kiwi, watermelon, banana, and a drizzle of condensed milk (ask for extra if you like your ice flavorful).   it comes in a small cup (a little bit smaller than the average frozen yogurt cup) for around $5.  honestly, it's really nothing more than average.the actual restaurant is quite dirty (sofas show wear and tear, tables are never wiped clean) but it looks like it would be a comfy place to hang out if they took better care of it.  the people here speak english unlike other places in chinatown.  also, there is a credit card fee so bring cash.the service is below average.  sometimes its really fast, and sometimes i have to wait 20 minutes for a cup of melted shaved ice.  i received dirty looks from the cashier when i asked them to remake it.  another time, i ordered a boba milk tea drink and she gave me something hot.  i told the cashier that this is not what i ordered and she argued with me saying that i did order it.  in the end i won but i was showered with her dirty looks.. lol.to be honest i really don't have anything to say about this place.  it is really the definition of mediocre.
3	We usually stopped by to get boba on the way home to OC. Boba here is better compared to other places in Chinatown.
4	Boba tea was great. Very friendly service!
4	I don't know why, but I used to love this place so much that I'd make my boyfriend get this and hand deliver it to me at work. Is that ridiculous?It has been a while since I've gone back, but from what I DO remember, the Jasmine Milk Tea was my favorite drink here. Hot or cold, you couldn't go wrong.
2	I ordered the Jasmine green milk tea with boba. It was very thick and had way too much milk. I wouldn't recommend getting their milk tea drinks.
3	The boba is just fine-a bit sweet, but fine.  The fact they now take debit/credit is a plus.  The newer easier to read menu is a bonus.But....The service.  The seating.  The lack of service. The lack of seating.For a very busy place, there are the most inconvenient sofa L shaped configurations, as well as oddly placed mini tables.  Taking out the sofa and putting in 3 more tables where each one is would greatly help flow.  It also wouldn't kill to clean the tables once in a while.  I always tip, but it seems as if they are doing ME a favor when I put something in the tip jar (which most people do not, I've noticed).   I get a look, then they see what I put in, and then another stare as if to say "that's it?"  $1 on a $4 drink is 25%, my friend. A few times my drink has been wrong, and I've had to show them my receipt to show that it's not what I ordered, but at least no one throws my drink at me or spits in it, so that's a plus.However, again, if you like very sweet boba tea, and don't care about service, this place is for you. Good prices, good sizes, but just surly service.
4	On my horrifying duration in Las Vegas-- I always come here to get my boba fix. Volcano Tea House is a haven for Asian kids like me-- who needs to see someone Asian other than the blonde hookers waiting for johns outside the casinos. Good taste in the boba-- I love it a lot. I heard its a chain restaurant-- but one thing sucked about this place. When I poked the straw through-- the plastic went within which choked and gagged me.EwBut not too bad though.--Vincent Chen
5	This place makes the Best Boba Tea in town. This is the only place my Japanese wife buys Boba Tea from.
2	To me, it's hard to differentiate one boba shop's taste to another. Milk tea is milk tea, & their milk tea is okay. It's not disgusting nor out of this world. I always get my drinks either thai tea or honey dew flavored. What really takes their stars away is how they would only accept cash. A boba place in the center of China Town doesn't accept card? It plays hand in hand with how their service up front isn't friendly either. Their squid balls are okay as well. I think if it wasn't for their location, they wouldn't get lots of business. So, smart choice on that part. Other than that, it's a little cozy place to stay & sip on your drink!
3	Meh. I guess if you were looking for a boba fix in Vegas, this is the best you are going to get. However I come from a land of the finest boba (rowland heights) so this is quite sub par boba.This place is pretty close to the strip and is in the heart of Chinatown in Las Vegas. The boba here is moderately priced, but good luck finding parking in this hellish parking lot. They just have your standard boba, but like everyone else, says if you are REALLY looking for a boba fix, go here. If not, save your money
3	What can be said about Volcano Tea. It is a place that serves boba in the most average of ways. Nothing is particularly fresh. Everything is a powder, and tastes like what you'd expect. I used to come here a lot when it was cold for a quick hot milk tea with boba. Perfect solution when you can't get or don't want hot chocolate. The end.
3	Came here on a whim with the boyfriend after making a stop to Crown Bakery. We had some super sweet custard bun from there and we got really thirsty. We headed to Tea Station which was on the level right below, but it was super packed so we decided to head over to Volcano Tea which was one plaza over. We came in around 9pm, it was super packed, but boba places usually are. Service was ok, it was like order, pay, and wait. I ordered Thai tea with boba and got the Chocolate smoothie with boba for the boyfriend. It was done pretty quick, around 5 mins. The store was quite small and packed with Asian teens, there was hardly anywhere to sit.The Thai tea was "okay" and the chocolate smoothie wasn't the best I've ever had. Doubt I'd be back here, but it would be a quick fix.
4	There were 2 Volcano Tea Houses on Spring Mountain Rd in Las Vegas Chinatown.  This one was near Ranch 99 Market.I ordered the Avocado Boba Smoothie.  The Boba were soft and chewy.  The Avocado Smoothie was sweet and creamy.  It was well blended- no ice chunks at the bottom.They have a frequent buyer card which was nice.  I will be back.
3	This was my second visit to this location.  My friends ordered the Avocado and an Almond Boba Smoothie.  I ordered the Green Tea Boba Smoothie.  Both the Almond and the Green Tea had a lot of big chunks of ice.  The Green Tea Boba Smoothie tasted like green tea ice cream.  Next time, I would stick with the Avocado Boba Smoothie which was exceptionally good.
4	I'm sticking with the Avocado Boba Smoothie.  Smooth and creamy.  Not too sweet and no ice chunks.  My punch card is half filled.
4	I enjoy getting a large cup of jasmine milk tea with egg pudding here at Volcano Tea House, and not feeling guilty about spending that money.  The service is really fast.  My fiance got the avocado smoothie with boba.  I must say, I have always hated getting boba because it's not the soft yet chewy texture that I like...these  bobas were nice and chewy.  This place also sells hot snacks, like the taiwanese style chicken nuggets, and also other items which would go great with your drink.
4	Original black milk with jelly+boba combo= fantastic! Definitely recommend. Milk tea tastes great, not too sweet and the boba texture is just right.
3	I enjoy this place thoroughly. I usually get a chocolate and coconut smoothie with chopped bananas. It is addictive. My girlfriend typically gets the avocado smoothie or the jasmine milk tea. I haven't had the hot items. Unfortunately, once I've found something I enjoy it's hard to break a habit.
4	Been here twice, both times after pretty hefty meals in the surrounding area. Probably got the large mango smoothie with pearls on both occasions. Very sweet and enjoyable, although I'm back-editing this post to take down a star because it's pretty much artificial mango flavoring. I'd say it's worth going out of your way, but pretty much everything is out of your way when you live on my side of town. Don't wait too long or else the pearls will loose their warmth and softness.
4	Definitely a pretty decent boba place that is located in the Asian Plaza with 99 Ranch, Capital Seafood, and Sam Woo Chinese restaurant. I am a fan of the pearls here, they are not too soft and not too hard, the perfect consistency of chewiness. I have tried the Jasmine Milk Tea and the Avocado Smoothie. Both were made pretty consistent and had a good flavor to them. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a nice cool pick me up in the Vegas heat!
4	They have good drinks here, haven't tried anything else. The Avocado slush was really good, and the Coconut slush was good to. Yummy.
3	Cozy little place with KPop posters on the walls and phenomenal drinks- Definitely try the avocado boba! It's creamy and just slightly sweet, perfect for those who don't want a sugar rush. Quick and friendly customer service, and I felt totally comfortable sticking around for a while.
4	My favorite boba place! The only thing I don't like is that you can only use your debit card on an amount of $5+.Spot me on the photo wall, y'all.
4	This place is pretty small.  I've been here a couple of times and their boba is alright (number 1 boba is still the best, in my opinion)  but on my last visit I had their snow ice and let me just tell you, it's a life changer.  It's pretty much like bing soo (the korean dessert)  and you can get it flavored with different toppings.  very delicious and really creamy.  it's a must try in the summer heat!
5	Always pleased with their drinks!
3	I come here to Asian people watch. Yes, I said Asian people.But besides people watching, I get flavored tea (doesn't matter what the flavor is) during the bloddy summer days or milk tea (hot or cold and jasmine flavor) during the chilly winter season.It used to be cash only but now they're into the 21st century card usage. They now accept VISA and Mastercard! But with a $5 minimum purchase - such a Chinatown rule.When it gets busy, the workers get all confused and flustered. Seriously. Not busy in the early mornings (right when they open). Busy during weekend afternoons and nights.Buy some kind of pastry for your boba!
3	Much cheaper than a certain tea place in the next plaza but their teas are just OK. I feel like they overcooked their boba, it was very soggy (I like my boba a little more firm). The girl at the register misheard my order for mango black tea for mango green tea. No sweat off my back... It was still refreshing and quenched my thirst from the Vegas summer heat.
5	Very fast friendly service and a cantaloupe smoothie to die for!
5	This is the only place i can enjoy my boba and ACTUALLY drink it all. The cantaloupe flavor is amazing!
5	Best boba tea place I've found in the Vegas area and it's my go-to tea house when I have a craving. They offer teas, smoothies, coffees, shaved ice treats and small appetizers. The boba is fresh and very soft and I've never had anything that tasted old (like some other places in Vegas). Prices are similar to other tea places in the area and drink service is efficient. They also now accept Visa and Mastercard on purchases over $5 (they used to be cash only so it's nice to see that they changed their policy)
5	Amazing. Whatever they serve. It doesnt matter. You will love it.
4	Green tea smoothie with boba. Oh my lord. I wanna bathe myself in this. The drink is on point !!! But, they need to turn up the AC up in this mug!
4	The Boba here is so sweet and fresh!  I got the Boba milk tea it's yum!
4	Best boba in Las Vegas! The boba is not too hard nor too squishy. You need an order of over 5$ to use a debit card though. My favorite is the strawberry banana smoothie with boba! :D
4	They were located on Spring Mountain Rd/Arville St near Ranch 99 Market  in Las Vegas Chinatown.  The line was almost out the door, but I knew it was worth the wait.I ordered the Avocado Boba Smoothie again.  There were actually too many boba at the bottom of the cup.  I couldn't finish all of them.They now accept Visa and MasterCard with a $5 minimum purchase which is easy to do with a large Avocado Boba Smoothie.  I got another stamp added to my punch card.I will be back.
2	Their tea is always good. Service WAS always good too...until this one time....Went in probably 15 mins before closing one day. The place was still packed. Every table was taken. We order, got our drinks, then sat down because we wanted to chill before going back outside in the 90 degrees heat at night! (if you live in vegas, you know what week I'm talking about). Literally when the clock hit 10, one of the girls YELLED (no exaggerating) "IT IS 10 OCLOCK! WE ARE CLOSED....GOODBYE!!!" And turned the lights off. The place was still full of people.... I understand that you can't compare Asian service to white people service. I'm Asian myself. So I'm more tolerable when it comes to Asian service. But that was just beyond rude to me. My friend even whispered to me, "wow. just like that? not even a thank you or something?" Yes...not even a thank you. Just kicking out paying customers....You could do things to make customers know that your joint is closing down. IE: dimming the lights, lower or turn off the music, lock the doors..etc. But they chose to YELL at customers to leave? Sorry, unacceptable.
4	Came here on a late night for some drinks. The durian and passion fruit smoothies are delicious! Highly recommend! While you're waiting in line or for your drinks - there's plenty of K-pop posters for you to fangurl and gawk at (if that's your style).
5	Went here before we went back to Cali and the experience was amazing. We got berry berry and jasmine milk tea. Both drinks were really really good! I wasn't going to get berry berry but the cashier suggested and she's right it's addicting. :) the boba was perfectly chewy too
4	This place definitely gets big points for being friendly. Their drinks are okay and on par with some of the other boba teas around the area. They love their customers and are not shy about it. (Check out the Polaroid wall to your left corner on the far side of room) Service with a smile and good drinks.
5	Love it! Been here countless times and still going back whenever i m at vegas. Ordered honey milktea with boba n combination pudding. Best combi for me~ it tasted even better w/o ice somehow! Staffs was friendly n queing system was good. We even pack many cups back home while on roadtrips. (No ice of cos~)
1	So I went to this place to get a shake. So I ordered a taro shake and was watching them make it. As I was watching I see that the cashier started cleaning so he took a rag started wiping the garbage can the took the same rag and wiped the counter tops there was another lady there who was seeing exactly what I saw and looked at each other in awe like WTF!!!!!  What's  wrong  with this guy does he know what he just did!! Sorry but that's disgusting. Took the shake and threw it straight in the garbage and left. Told my wife what happened and she was in disbelief as well.
3	My need for a Honeydew Green Tea took me to this place that is right next to the No 1 Boba place inside the Mall. This place is located next to Mother's KBBQ and 99 Ranch Market off of Spring Mountain Rd so if you want boba and are near Rio, this is the spot.Walking in, the ambience is very casual and caters to the FOB audience or anyone interested in K-pop. It's pretty dark inside, but I think it was because it was the daytime and they turn on the lights at night to make it brighter. (Am I wrong?) I think I came at the right time, because the last time I came down to this area, there was a huge wave of people waiting to order and it seems to get pretty loud, so bring headphones if you're the type to study at a tea place.The prices are reasonable, my large Honeydew Green Tea came out to $3.41. Now, it took them like a few seconds to ready my drink and when I saw it, I realized that it was lacking the usual bright green color that I normally see when I order it back home in California. It looked more brown and appeared like a Honey Green Tea instead. Looking back at my receipt, I knew I ordered Honeydew, but I decided to drink it instead.Yep, definitely Honeydew Green Tea, but being confused with the color, I decided to ask my friend who works at the Lollicup back at home about the color. He told me it might be because Volcano uses syrup opposed to powder.As for the flavor? It's not overly sweet and still provides the taste of a Honeydew drink. The size is about the same as any large drink over at a typical boba place and the service was not extraordinary but to the point. Hopefully my future ventures won't disappoint.
5	I hail from San Diego, so you can say I know my boba. So when I moved to Vegas a year ago, I went on the search to find my go to boba spot. Volcano Tea was the first boba spot I tried, and it continues to still be my favorite. I've tried other boba places around the area, and none of them compare! The boba here is the perfect texture and consistency. No matter whether you go in the morning or evening when they're about to close, the boba is always so soft, chewy, with just the right amount of sweetness.I love their milk tea, which doesn't taste powdery like some other places. And it's only $2.80 (including boba)! You can't beat that.I don't usually care for fruit smoothies with boba, BUT their avocado smoothie is amazing! I love it on a hot summer's day, when I'm feeling for something a little more fulfilling. They use real fruits too! My mom also got their mango smoothie, and she loved it.I've gone through a million stamp cards, I love this place so much. As long as I'm here in Vegas, Volcano Tea will forever be my favorite boba spot!
5	I went here today because one of my customers had told me to try them because we were talking about good boba spots and I complained about the service at Tea Station and these two spots are basically next door. I went in and looked through the menu, sad they don't have rose green tea but that's okay. I asked a few questions and the girl at the register was really helpful and nice and knowledgeable, at tea station half the time they look at you with a really puzzled expression when you ask anything and reply really rudely. I ended up ordering a strawberry lychee green tea iced with boba then my drink came up and it was a strawberry lychee smoothie because my boyfriend got a smoothie so I guess she didn't hear me when I ordered and assumed I wanted a smoothie as well, so I asked if I ordered a smoothie and she said the thought thats what I wanted and I said no I wanted green tea and she felt so bad she kept apologizing and telling me they could remake it that it wasn't a big deal. So we agreed I'd try it and if I didn't like it that she could remake it. IT WAS SO GOOD!! So the service is wonderful. I loved my mess up drink and even if I didn't she would have happily changed it. I look for wonderful service like that. And they're pretty cheap! So I loved it! I recommend it!
5	This is my favorite spot to get boba drinks. The texture of their boba is perfect and they have a good selection of drinks to choose from. We've tried the mocha smoothie, taro, avocado, thai tea, watermelon, and the honeydew. Was not disappointed with any of them. Our favorites are the thai tea and honeydew slush. We go there so much, one of the workers started to memorize our order.They have a stamp card. I recommend getting one especially if you go there often. It says on the card that it's good for a free medium boba milk tea. But it's valid for any size and any of the drinks. Card takes $3 off your purchase. Most of the workers there are really friendly. And they take credit/debit cards ($5 min purchase) now which is awesome. The seating area and tables can be a bit dirty sometimes but other than that, Volcano Tea is a great place to get boba.
4	I got an avocado smoothie with aloe jelly. It probably sounds more healthy than it actually is, but it was so delicious!
4	Wow this is truly my fav boba place ...me n my dad enjoy the drink plus French fries is good
5	BEST BOBA TEA HOUSE EVER.Always friendly service when ringing in your order and wonderful with suggestions as well. They're pretty quick about it and it always tastes and has the same texture as the last time (YESSSS!!!)! My favorites are probably the avocado, honeydew, jasmine milk tea, and thai tea. Their boba is always so delicious, soft, and chewy! They also offer a stamp card and take pics of you for their "VIP" wall
5	So one day I walk into dis tea store with ma posse and so I asks the chinese kid dere wat was good cuz on account I can't reed good but den i remember i was reeding da chinese menu. Dat lil' boi toll me dat da milk tea was goooood so I got dat. After I took a drank i was lyke "DAAAAAaaaaAAAAAaaaayyummmm!!! Dat's sum goood black ballz cuz i've had lotz o' black balls... cuz I been to tea planet and eazie way but the iz whack." Once I done dranking ma drank I thank dat chinese kid. I new all dem azn people was alll genieouses!
2	Decent boba, but the tea could be better.  Coming from San Gabriel, its hard to compare this place to places such as half and half or au, but if you are in Las Vegas and reallllllly need boba, this isn't too bad of a choice.
5	Our visit was on 11/22/13.I love going to this place for bobas i havent yet found a place where the taste nor service has been better.I have been here several times and im in love with this place. My order was the mango slush with boba it was delicious.  The taste was great the boba was not hard nor frozen it was just right.   I give you guys 5 stars  because every time i have came to this shop i am always greeted and my orders are always correct    and the taste is always the best.   !
4	Located in the same plaza as 99 Ranch market.  I ordered the milk tea and it did not disappoint. Although many may say "how hard is it to mess up milk tea" TRUST ME, its apparently very easy. So when I enjoy a good tasting milk tea, I have to talk about it LOL. The milk tea wasn't watery or too sweet, it was just right. Definitely used good quality ingredients. The boyfriend ordered Thai tea with boba, it was good but nothing out of the ordinary. The boba was nice and soft, not too chewy and yet not rock solid. If in search of tasty inexpensive milk tea, this is the place to go :D Oh and by the way...they don't offer mini boba here :( poo
5	Great little boba tea house. Drinks are good,  prices are right, staff is quick and friendly. Parking is plentiful.
5	The only place I go to for quality boba tea! They're friendly, quick and the place itself is a great place to hang out and chat!
3	2nd visit now and the snacks are bad. Im sorry but i think if youre not confident with your snacks dont offer it. Stick to your drinks.
3	Decent Boba place in Vegas; decently priced and a pretty diverse menu.  They messed up our order, but corrected it pretty quick.  The house special blend coffee isn't the greatest, but their slush is pretty good.  Had the Taro slush with boba...no complaints there.Lines can get pretty long, so just be ware..  And parking around the area can totally suck at peak times, which here seem to be between 12-3!
3	This place was cute, right in the middle of Chinatown in Las Vegas. I guess I must be spoiled by all the boba places in LA that I didn't really like the boba here. But I will come back and try something else if I am ever in Vegas again.
5	My favorite boba place in Vegas! Always stopped here whenever I was in Vegas, but now that I live here, I go all the time!The price is like any other boba shop and the drinks are great!
3	This place was okay. The place is somewhat quaint so not many individuals and their parties can sit and chill, but it's not that small either. The service was super quick since there was a slow lag in the number of people in and out of this place. I came during mid day on a Thursday so don't compare the foot traffic if you're wanting to head to this place during the weekend.   The menu selection was pretty okay. There was a good selection amount in each drink category (teas, smoothie, etc.). I don't recommend getting the raspberry tea as it was somewhat tart. I did not enjoy not being informed about the extra charge for the tapioca as well. A heads up would have been nice. Other than this, this place is about average. Nothing too exciting about this place.I like the fact that this place is in China Town. If you're not a fan of this place, I'm sure there are other choices to choose from.
4	Love there boba tea! I got the mango green tea and it was amazing. Next time I am in vegas I will be back. Real small, clean shop and you order your own as it is kinda like a drive thru but you have to walk inside.
4	My favorite boba tea place....the prices are right and the flavors are good!  Some of my favorites in the wintertime are the HOT taro and almond milk tea.  The taro milk tea tastes reminds me of ube ice cream =)  I've also had the little snacks like the spicy fried chicken pieces and the squid balls and they sprinkle it with some peppery red powder that makes them quite tasty.  Some of the other places like tea station seem to gouge you on price, but not here about $2.50 for a medium and $3.50 for a large without boba.  Boba and I aren't friends since I had a near choking incident.....Remember to get their punch card, 10 medium drinks and you get 1 free.
5	I SERIOUSLY LOVE THIS PLACE! I am always greeted warmly, my order is always correct, and everything I have tried is so yummy, especially the avocado smoothie! I also love the friendly enviorment. This place is seriously my go-to place when I am in need of something light and delicious.
1	I vote 1 star for this place because their drinks and their service are suck. I have worked at volcano tea in Orange County and i have heard a lot about the volcano tea in vegas that they have almost the same ingredients and drinks like the one in OC and LA. I was on my trip with my friends and we stopped by Volcano tea to checked it out. My friends got avocado smoothie and honey black tea with boba. My friends said the avocado smoothie tasted like milk and ice, i don't think the avocado is too expensive to add a little bit more in the drink. The honey black tea gave us a bad taste of old honey. My friend told me thought she was drinking chocolate.... I was laughing at my friends for their failing order, but when it came my drink LYCHEE STRAWBERRY GREEN TEA with rainbow jelly. Omg, i swear to God, this is the worst drink i've had in my life. Specially when i knew everything about the drinks. I went up to the cashier and asked them very nice if they could add a little bit flavors in my drink. I was shocked when the cashier said she would charge me extra for the syrup. It was ridiculous, i have never seen any place like that before when customer complains about the drink and they want to charge more instead of saying sorry or making another drink for customer. I was so pissed off, but i didn't want to ruin my day with that stupid place, so I asked the cashier to throw my drink into the trash and walk a way with a "tiny sorry from her mouth". I wrote this review to share with people who are going to come to this place and also to the owner. Pease talk to your employees and go to the other volcano in OC to learn how we serve all customers and make drinks.
4	I used to frequent Volcano Tea often during high school; it's where my friends and I liked to hang out and enjoy boba beverages. I stopped visiting a few years ago, primarily due to my lack of interest in boba and also because I wasn't in Chinatown as much.Anyway, sometimes I still have a craving for boba and fortunately I was in Chinatown today when it happened. The space has changed a bit with a lot less room to sit since there's more counter/work area to accommodate the addition of snow ice. It was relatively busy, but I was able to order as I entered and waited just a few minutes for my drink.I love milk tea with boba, so I always order one with just a variation of flavor. Today I went with a Large Taro Milk Tea - with boba, of course ($3.95 with tax). The tea wasn't too sweet and the boba was fabulous - soft and chewy! Oh, so yummy! I guess it's been a while since I've had good boba, but this is the stuff. I'll be back for more when I'm in the mood!
4	I love Volcano Tea. There is a place I think is better but volcano has the variety and right price. All of their drinks are good. They use some fresh ingredients and their boba is good. They take cards now.
2	I tried this place because it was one of the first boba tea places I've seen when China Town was built.  I'm glad I tried it. I probably won't be back because I can get a better tasting smoothie a few doors down at Fat Dumpling. PROS: Established business in China Town CONS: Watermelon smoothie was average
5	the best for the price in Chinatown -- this is the go-to for boba! they recently started serving shaved ice and light bites. the interior could use some work but the drinks are top-notch
3	I love their fruit smoothie.  I usually get the avocado and cantaloupe. Their boba are chewy and delicious.  I'm glad that they accept credit cards now but they changed $.20 per transaction.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 17/100Elaborate selection of milk tea flavors that alternatively come as smoothies as well. Topping additions will cost you a couple quarters. Reason my friend took me here because of the fruity pop balls (gelatin-coated, boba looking balls filled with fruit flavored syrup thingy) that came in mango and lychee. Paired my taro milk tea with taro pudding which tasted real good. Definitely a great go-to on a hot Vegas day. Staff were speedy and very friendly, place was clean.
3	The quality of their drinks went down along with the food served there. Cute place, but a tad bit small since they added the snow machine, it seems? For the spicy chicken, SKIP. do not order it unless you want al dente chicken jerky. High School cafeteria chicken taste the same, if not, better. I was dreading every bite when I was eating it because I was $5.50 for such a small portion. I could not finish it, my taste buds were telling me to stop.
4	I divert my route to the strip through Chinatown just to stop and visit. The staff is super friendly and already has my regular order memorized and waiting for me by the time I hand over the cash. Their boba is the real deal... not too firm, just a little bit chewy, and gummy enough to stick to the roof of your mouth.The seating for the restaurant is cramped and crowded... I always am taking to go so it doesn't matter much to me, but if you are looking to stay a while and relax this might not be the place for you.
3	I love taro boba so much, I worship it almost. It makes me a happier person nd puts me in a greater mood. I love the taro taste at this place a lot, I actually drive all the way to china town to get some. So this one time, I drove all the way to china town after a looooooonnggggg day from work, interviews, and school, hoping to be refreshed, but in actuality I got pooped! I hate how they have the 5 dollar minimum purchase for cards. Wtf, waste my gas, time, and feels only to tell me jk you can't buy boba cause you're only spending 3 dollars and paying with a card lolz . Sooo defeating.If you don't have friends or time to take a special someone out or have unnecessary contact with other humans like I do, make sure you have cash on you because you, you alone, independent woman who don't need no man, CAN'T buy boba if you don't have cash. That's the bad thing about this place. Otherwise, it's great.
3	I've been going here since middle school but stopped after junior year because I had a HUGE coffee phase going for a while. This place changed over the years, but nothing THAT drastic until I came in a couple days ago. Their boba drinks are average. I remember I got a cappuccino smoothie and cafe latte smoothie on their coffee section and they tasted EXACTLY the same which kinda disappointed me. Avocado smoothies A+ though. Milk teas are pretty okay. What I kinda don't like is that I think ever since they started serving shaved ice, the place looks and feels beyond cramped. Not a lot of sitting space and once a line starts, there's almost no room to practically breathe. It probably doesn't matter to some people but it gets awkward when you're waiting for your drinks to go and you can't help but get close to another person because there's so many people.
2	Since we've moved here, we plan on trying a new boba shop every week in Vegas and this place was one that was on my list! I ordered the honey green tea with boba. It wasn't terrible at first, but as I got to the boba, it tasted very mushy and over cooked. They had a bad taste to them, like dishwater. I kept drinking it to see if could enjoy the rest of the drink, but it had a very odd and nasty sourness to it. It shouldn't taste as sour as it did. After 5 sips, I couldn't drink anymore. It was pretty terrible. My boyfriend got coconut milk tea with boba. The coconut flavor was faint, the drink was extra milky from the powder, and not too sweet. I actually preferred his over mine since it wasn't sour. But it was still a below average boba drink. Hopefully, we will find a better boba shop on our next excursion.
5	My favorite place for milk tea. I love the boba, it actually tastes good compared to some of the other places that don't seem to add anything to it. The smoothies and the shaved ice or fruit ice things (idk what they are called oops lol) are also really good.
1	The owners daughter was rude. She got our order wrong and when I tried to tell her that she made a mistake she snapped at me and my kids and family. ******DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!! I would go ZERO stars, but can't.
5	Yum!Came here three days in a row during a girls Vegas trip. Super fresh milk teas. Our favorite was the honey dew and the taro (with light boba) Great place to get away from the heat and just hang out with your friends.We even picked some up on the way to get massages across the street! I can't wait for our next Vegas trip to come here again!
3	Been coming here frequently. Customer service is good, like always, but there are times where they forget to add bobas (pearls , bubbles etc.) to my drinks, which is also paid for (thought I was the only victim until I read others reviews).I could understand on a busy day, but on slow days, too? I never bother telling them. It just seems too much of a hassle. Their boba drinks are average. My favorite drink is "Jasmine Milk Tea with Boba."  Most tasted way too sweet. I just have to make a request to bring it down a knot with the milk. The store is a tad small, which can be over crowed on busy days. I always feel "cramped" when I'm in there and feel the pressure when up front with a long line behind me. It's really "uncomfortable." They really can use the space on the top left for ,"Pick Up Orders" to expand their store. Or use that space to form another line.
5	I love this place!! It's always packed, (because they are that amazing) and they have a lot more than just boba. They have food and everything you'd want. The staff is so friendly and adorable. This is my go to place every time I'm in chinatown. Won't leave china town till I get myself a mango boba and french fries. I definitely recommend this place to everybody who reads this, and hasn't been here yet. It's a decision you won't regret. Take it from me, because I'm pretty picky !
3	I hear lots of great things about "Volc". My ears do not deceive me when I hear "better bubble tea joints around" I came, saw, then I went. My conclusion? It was OK.Haven't been to this store in a few years. The first time I came, it was on a search for the best red bean shaved ice in town (paht-bing-soo). Even back then it was mediocre at best..Fast forward the tape to a few years into the future (that would be the present time)!! I came here on a recommendation that we get some bubble tea here after a marvelous outing at chez Noodle Pot!Walking in, I can tell that this place did a remodel since the last time, what used to be a dive is now.. Less divey?? Oh, they now added the trendy Taiwanese snow ice that is sweeping the nation! ( I think..) I didn't get to try it, but it looks promising.Large milk tea with boba and egg pudding - a little pricey coming in over 3 and a half for what looked like a drink that couldn't be larger than 16oz. Milk tea had average to mediocre flavor, extremely light in taste. Boba was soft, but too soft for my taste. Egg pudding was gross, way too soft and fell apart in the straw, giving the cottage cheese texture.Well, still on the lookout lol.
5	Always packed and ready to serve! The blueberry smoothie with or without boba is a LOVELY addition to a HOT summer day here in Vegas. It is sweet and refreshing, helping to cool down even those 120 degree days. They use fresh blueberries and perfectly blend it to make a beautifully purple slush. Another good thing to know is to grab a stamp card! For every 10 you get a free one. You'll take advantage of it especially if you live in Vegas and need something to cool down your day.It's perfectly located in the Chinatown mall as well. You can easily come after a meal for a quick desert or stop by for a quick drink. Either way, it is a destination to always enjoy!
1	This review is only for the milk tea with grass jelly.  The pieces of the grass jelly was so small that I could barely taste it.  I think it was the scrapes or at least it seems like it was. Not worth it.
4	I ordered a green tea shaved ice with kiwi, mango and coconut jelly. My friend got the same but without the jelly. All other orders were ice coffee. Place is small, trendy small asian eatery with karaoke.The shaved ice was good but would have been better if my friends didn't pick-up the mix up our orders. Service was good. Long lines here.
2	Got the Watermelon slush with boba for $5.07. Lunch time. 1pm-ish. - HORRIBLE powdered watermelon flavored slushed ice with boba. I would not come back here for it. Lesson learned. I'll continue to go to Veggie delight for a cheaper and actual watermelon boba! Tastea Watermelon is 100x better at it, puts Volcano Tea to shame...- Honestly, what's with the price being 5.07? haha. 93cents back. At least make it less than 5 or 5.50...too much change. - Boba this time was fresh and chewy. - Quick service.
5	This is my favorite boba place!  They're reasonably priced compared to other boba places in chinatown.  Drinks are perfect - not too sweet.  This place is tiny, but there is somehow always a place to sit.  I like how their seats are set up, which includes lounge chairs.  Their spicy popcorn chicken is very tasty too!  This used to be a cash only place, but they finally accept card (with a $5 min)!!!
4	The prices are better than some and I love that the boba is soft.  I also like the fact that they have a wide variety of extra toppings!
5	Volcano Tea, now Volcano Cafe is a great hangout spot to go to with friends. Some days, the tea doesn't taste as good everytime. That being said I just enjoy coming here for the atmosphere. They'll play songs you request as long as they're pop or Korean!
1	Horrible drinks.Tasted like tap water with a little syrup inside. Worker making the drinks gave no smile; however, cashier was friendly and helpful when they made one of our drinks wrong.
3	We've passed this up many times and opted for No. 1 Boba Tea, but our latest fondness for milk teas also got us expanding out and trying out all the spots available. I got the Jasmine Milk Tea and the fiance got the regular milk tea. Jasmine was fairly light in flavor but I appreciated it wasn't too sweet. I liked the fiances regular tea more. It's simple and reliable. I do wish the tea flavor was a tad stronger as they are averaging on being light. It was rather busy when we went, but the service is swift! There were 5 parties ahead and I felt a barely took a seat before my number was called. Because of the packed place on a weekday afternoon, I probably wouldn't recommend picking this spot for a quiet study time. It's a small place and quickly fills up so I think I will be just ordering to-go as there is no privacy to hang out.The one thing I noticed is the price is lower than competition. For our two large milk tea drinks we spent $6 and some change and I feel we average $8-10 for the same order elsewhere. They don't have as wide of flavor selections as competitors, but cheap drinks solidly made makes me still happy. I'll be hitting this place up again soon for a cooling treat!
4	V good atmosphereI like it a lotRecommendedBut if it's worth my placeI'll probably remodel a few things
4	Great drinks! Milk tea is freshly brewed! Not from packets. You can also alter how sweet you want your drinks to be.
5	I have never been to a better boba joint. I always get a large strawberry smoothie w/boba. you cant beat the prices here. I ounces tried the spicy chicken, it comes w/ a sweet n sour sauce as well & presented in a small little carry bag & 2 sticks to be used as forks. so cute. will always be a loyal customer even if it's 10 miles away from my location.
5	So far the best boba place i've been to here in Las Vegas. They also have good snacks you can share with friends! The line is always long so be prepared!
5	As far as boba tea joints in Vegas, this place is the best. The boba's are soft and chewy and drinks are always good. I love the jasmine milk tea w/boba from here. So good. Service is quick and people are always friendly. The remodel is nice.
3	Since fresh cup closed this is now my new go to place for boba milk teas Tbh I was coming here when we used to just vacation here before moving here. Place is small and tight. Located in the Chinatown Shopping mall plaza, directly in the middle of the restaurant center. They updated to more modern like furniture. Definitely something outta Ikea, I know for sure the light fixtures are Ikea. They have two different type of rewards programs but you can't use them together, but you can still have both. They have the usual stamp card and after so many stamps you get a free something... The other new program they have, which ***SideNote: they don't offer it to you at the register, you have to ask... And we only saw it on their monitor advertising screen*** is a 10% off your purchases sort of card. It's a hard plastic rewards card and you slowly accumulate points that's converted into money. Something like you. Have the person at the register explain it. But you can end up using the money you earn on the card towards any purchase not jus boba!  I thought that was cool. 3stars coz it's not the best in ambience and decor considering the place is small and tight but it's good for a quick boba fix
3	Stopped by Volcano for a quick bite and slurp during a grocery run in Chinatown. It's located in the same plaza as 99 Ranch so there is ample parking for this joint which is always nice. I ordered an Almond Milk Tea with light ice (I don't like that watered down taste) but maybe I should have gotten more ice. When I was drinking my milk tea, I could taste/feel chunks of powder from the bottom of the drink. Bleh, not a good feeling.. :( Not sure if they added too much powder or if it was from my ice or lack thereof.The redeeming factor of my visit here was their Spicy Chicken or as I know it popcorn chicken! It was crispy and delicious. What more can I ask for?I would come back for the Spicy Chicken and MAYBE give their milk tea another try.. maybe.
4	My siblings and I were really craving some milk tea after eating lunch so we stopped by. My friend recommended this place after asking about a decent place for milk tea.I ordered a taro milk tea with grass jelly at the price of $3.65 which is especially cheaper compared to other tea places. The only problem I had was the grass jelly. It was in pieces and looked like it came out of a can containing a very bitter and metallic taste. The milk tea itself was good and had a strong taro taste. Really regretted getting the grass jelly instead of boba, especially after I tried my sister's drink, raspberry slush w/ boba. Overall, just don't get the grass jelly.
5	Best boba in Vegas hands down.! I refuse to get any boba from anywhere unless it is here. Now that I live & work in the summerlin area my addiction for boba has increased & anytime I am near, It is a must stop for me.I usually see the same staff & sure they can have long lines sometimes but not because their slow. It's because they have so much clientele that lines get pretty long.They have the stamp cards that I have tons of but the now have a VIP card.. Haven't used it much but at least now I only have to keep track of the one card rather all the stamp cards.
5	They have the best boba in town! There boba is always soft and plump and its soooooo good! I hate when you get boba that is like falling apart! Plus the place is adorable and the staff is super nice! The have a punch card and vip card that I religiously use! If your looking for a good boba place go here!
2	I will start off by saying, I am a boba fanatic (if that's even a thing) and have tried many boba shops. This is by far the worst place to get boba teas. I have always wanted to try this place but was extremely disappointed with the drinks.SERVICEWalking in this place, I was greeted by three friendly servers. I always get Jasmine Milk Tea so decided to get one in a medium sized with boba. As soon as I got my change and receipt back, my drink was ready. "Wow, fast service!" I was impressed, but at the same time, it was questionable. When I grabbed my drink, I noticed how flimsy my cup was. Since I was afraid that my cup was going to fall apart (probably the cheapest plastic cup you can find), I carefully held my drink with two hands and took a seat. ATMOSPHERETables were dirty. There were some spills on my table, so I looked around for other seats but all the tables had spill/trash. This place wasn't cozy/clean at all.DRINKJasmine Milk tea was ok, not the worst but not the best either. I like the floral Jasmine Milk tea but this wasn't floral at all and tasted watered down. Boba was overcooked. My friends ordered an avocado smoothie and strawberry milk tea. Avocado tasted like it had no sugar in it. As for the strawberry milk tea, it just tasted like strawberry syrup in water. What a disappointment. CONCLUSIONTheir boba milk teas are cheap ($3-4) so I guess in that sense, you get what you pay for. I personally think Bambu and No.1 tea offers better boba teas in the same price range. And if you are looking for boba teas with high quality/fresh brewed tea, you should definitely check out Kung Fu Tea!
1	I recently visited volcano tea with a couple of coworkers.I'll admit I haven't had too much past experience with boba teas.But my favorite and first teashop that I've tried was KungFuTeaSeeing that volcano was a top pick, and that I've been dying to try out a new drink I ordered a avocado smoothie with boba. To start off I ended up throwing away over half of it. It had an overwhelming artificial unsweetened taste. Would not recommend. The boba was alright I'll admit, I scavenged for boba on the bottom of the flimsy cup as that was the only way I could tolerate the avocado drink. The staff was friendly overall maybe a by impatient.
3	Stopped by to try their boba tea after having lunch with family today and wanted something sweet.  So I'm guessing I came in after a rush bcs the place was a hot mess.  There were napkins, paper recipes and plastic straw wrappers all over the floor.  I had to kick stuff off to the side so that I could stand.They have boba teas, smoothies, slushes, hot teas, coffees and some Chinese small plates (think Chinese version of Spanish tapas).  Since they didn't have taro smoothies (my usual drink of choice if it's real fruit) I settled for a large milk tea with boba. Half the cup was full of ice, the mixture of milk tea was ok and the boba disappointed.  It was on the verge of being overcooked and there was no flavor.  I'm used to Taiwanese style boba where there's a touch of sweetness within the boba and al dente.Probably won't be coming back since I hardly shop in that shopping center.
1	Gotten sick multiple times from Volcano although I used to frequent it. There is a reason they are cheaper than other places. Cheap = bad. You'll probably get sick later... that is if you can even drink it with those hard as a rock boba they serve in it.
1	I am the type to give credit when credit is due but I was more than disappointed with this place. This review is not even about the tea because we stood there for 15 minutes directly in front of the cashiers and DID NOT GET TO EVEN PLACE OUR ORDER. We were greeted with "one moment please," then the bumbling group of kids behind the counter proceeds to pass out about 10 drinks they had on back order. Once the cashier was finished playing catch up, you would think we would be told "thank you for waiting while my completely disorganized staff got their shit together" but no, we were ignored once again. The staff and cashiers began to high five each other like "whew we did it." Mind you, we are the only people standing waiting to order drinks. I grabbed my brother and boyfriend and told them, hoping the cashier heard me, FUCK THIS WE ARE LEAVING! went to no. 1 boba and had the best experience.
5	I had the mango Boba and it was delish!!! I'll definitely be back to try something different. Prices are decent too.
4	This is my favorite place to get boba. I usually order a taro milk tea or an avocado smoothing. I love how their reward system works by reserving 10% of your bill each time you come in. I just think they need to keep their dining area a little cleaner.
3	Likes-although there is no green tea match a , the papaya milk tea and Jasmine milk tea are powerful in taste and I even froze one to save for the next day. Dislike- minimum purchase with a debit card. Yuck!
