5	Mastro's serves up the best steak in Scottsdale.  They also offer delicious seafood and excellent side dishes.  Prices are steep. After 10pm this place becomes a pick up joint for gold digging women seeking sugar daddy's.
5	This is owned by the same people who own Ocean Club up in Kierland.  Great food, very good service.  Wonderful ambience.  The steaks were excellent.  I don't know about the best steak in the valley, but definitely one of, anyway.
4	Of Fleming's and Mastro's in this area, Mastro's has the better steak and service. On a pure "best beef" level, The Grill at the TPC is probably the best, but it's also the most expensive. The new Capital Grille at FLW and Scottsdale is now my favorite for steaks. I got a bit tired of Mastro's rub (only because I ate there too often). Mastro's gets a one-star deduction for the noisy bar and for the back dining room (you don't want to get stuck back there). Great wine list.
3	"You're not allowed to have more than 3 martinis."  That was our rule for the bachelor, which we reminded him repeatedly during the 2 hours we were at Mastro's.  We were in Phoenix for his bachelor party and didn't want to relive his last Mastro's experience in Beverly Hills which consisted of four martinis, little memory of the evening, and an $80 cab drive back from Beverly Hills to Pasadena.  This Mastro's is, like the ones in BH and Costa Mesa, dark, swanky, modern and upscale.  But, there's something a little different.  The Costa Mesa one is a little too hip for its own good, but the decor here fits the clientele.  It's Scottsdale for Pete's sake - it's not THAT hip.The martinis are HUGE.  They'll fill your glass to the rim and give you the shaker which has almost enough for another full martini.The steak I had here (bone-in ribe eye) was much better than the one I had (bone-in NY strip) at Costa Mesa.  It came a little underdone - I asked for rare-medium rare - but that's much better than even a hint overdone.  Still, it had good flavor, was well marbled, and came with a nice crust.  The sides are nothing home to write about.  Don't get conned by the lobster mashed potatoes.  It's a gooey mess of potatoes with overcooked pieces of lobster.  The other sides are fine.  We had 3 bottles of the 2004 Chateau Montelena Cabernet  (Napa Valley).  The mark-up was about 100% of retail, but the wine was good.  Rich and vibrant, solid fruit and nice acidity.  Most of the us (there were 10) were very happy with the food and the service was very good.  If I could give 1/2 stars, I'd give it 3 1/2.
5	Run by the same folks who operate the Ocean Club, all I can say is Wow!!!!  By far, the best overall dining experience I've had in Phoenix.  The service was exceptional; the ambience reminded me of how you used to see people dining back in the 50's and 60's in the movies at a swank restaurant.  The escargot were wonderful, the shrimp perfect, the french onion soup was one of the five best I've ever had anywhere.  And that brings us to the entrees and sides.  My mouth is watering just remembering the meal.  The steak I had (porterhouse) was done to perfection, the sauteed mushrooms were flawless, and then (and I'm not a mashed potatos person) we had the most amazing mashed potatos I've ever had... called lobster mashed potatoes, they were a side which was more expensive than several of the entrees, but I will have them every time I go back, and I intend to go back quite often.  Make reservations, this place is always packed.There is a seperate more casual area with live piano music which we sat in briefly after dinner, but will definitely go back to.
5	Our Cow, who art in cow Heaven, Meat be thy Name. Thy Kingdom come. Thy will be done, on earth as it is in cow Heaven.  Give us this steak our daily Meat, and forgive us our slaughter, as we forgive those who slaughter us.  And lead us not into vegetarianism, but deliver us from hippies. For thine is the fields, and the Meat, and the glory, forever and ever.  Amen!The Meat Gods had really shined upon me this time. An all expense paid trip to Arizona with Mastro's as my first dinner. Sweet!! The hotel had called ahead to get us a table for 7 in the bar area, oops, they called the wrong Mastro's. Not a problem, as the staff here quickly made us a table. Once seated our CEO ordered bottle of wine #1 and I got a Grey Goose tonic as well. That's when I notice the lounge singer! There was this guy in the corner of the bar just butchering every top 40 song from 1970-1990. Total American Idol first round reject, but mildly entertaining with his wretchedness. Our server was also a fun kooky guy, I wish I could remember his name to give a shout out, oh well.We then got down to the nitty-gritty, the food. I smelled a few sizzling plates as they passed by and new anything I ordered would be top notch. I opted for the ever fatty and best cut of meat in my opinion, bone in ribeye. 22ozs of wonderfully marbled meaty goodness. Along with that our table ordered a half dozen oysters, giant shrimp cocktail, I got my own Caesar salad with anchovies, and there were some veggies that never made it to my end of the table. -  The oysters were spot on. Just a dash of horseradish, lemon and hot sauce perked them right up.-  The shrimp cocktail contained some of the largest shrimp I've ever seen! Just eating three of them would have filled up any mere mortal. -  My ONLY complaint with Mastro's was my salad. I love anchovies in my Caesar and they were happy to add them, but they gave me whole, oily fillets. The little guys needed a quick rinse and then should have been shredded in my salad. Oh well.Next came the meats. Behold the power and the glory that are lumps of flesh sizzling on a 400 degree plate!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bdCByYMU8ZZhvhqfGo_UVQ?select=ORYu-cLe0SxineXThaNuYAOur server saw me trying to take a picture and he was gracious enough to shine a light on my prize so I could better document the momentous occasion. The ribeye was as good as steak can get. The fat had rendered into the meat and made it extra tender and delicious. The edges had nice little crusty bits and just the right amount of seasoning. Oh lord it was good. Along with the meats, CEO man had ordered bottle of wine #2, I ordered vodka tonic #2 and servers were heaping portions of spinach, asparagus and mushrooms onto our meat plates. As I neared the end of my hunk of sizzling love, I felt massive meat induced coma coming on. Thinking I would have no room for dessert, I ordered a white Russian to top off my meal and to send me into a tipsy meat sleep. But oh no! CEO man ordered 5 desserts for our table! And damn they were good! The chocolate cake was so good that we ordered a second slice as we finished the first one. Along with dessert, Italian CEO man felt that we should all have some Tuaca to top off dinner. I ended up having two since someone did not like theirs. I left happier and slightly drunker than I've been at dinner in a long time. An absolutely spectacular dinner!
4	Yuh remember my review of Hidden House & their $6 steaks?Well, this ain't no six dollar steakhouse!Mastro's food is excellent!  Their service is excellent!  The staff is very attentive without being intrusive.  HOWEVER, (and this cost them a star) it is NOISY!  If you want to carry on a conversation over dinner, or you want a quiet romantic meal, DON'T go here.  It's a loud as some rock concerts.  If that's your thing, fine.  But, be forewarned.
5	BEST STEAK OF MY LIFE!I'm actually not a steak girl.  I like fish, chicken and am even starting to experiment with tofu.  But at Mastros, even the most avid vegetarian is making a major SLIP by not trying the steak.  You walk in and are immersed in the beautiful aroma of delicious steak (I almost cannot believe I just typed that but it seriously was a great smell!).  We had a reservation and sat in a lovely dark room with really interesting decorations and lovely jazz music playing.  The dinner was a celebration of the beginning of my school year and the end of my boyfriends summer semester and I really do not think we could have had a better meal to celebrate.   I began with the most amazing cantaloupe martini on the face of the earth-so cool and ooh so refreshing.  We were then greeted with our bread basket full of a variety of lovely starches- pretzel rolls, olive bread, sour dough bread and crackers were all nicely arranged for our viewing and eating pleasure.  Believe me; it is hard to not get carried away!  We each started with salads.  I had half of a chopped salad and the bf had half of a Cesar.  We were both very pleased!  After the salads I had the salmon (SLIP SLIP) which was wonderful but nothing anywhere near as amazing as Brian's bone in fillet (recommended by the server over the fillet).  For our sides we shared steamed broccoli and creamed spinach.  I loved both although Brian claims that Morton's has better creamed spinach (but not better steaks).  Between the two of us we had plenty of food and I even took half of my delicious salmon home-leaving no room for dessert.   The service was the best I have had.  The valets even gave us bottled water for our drive home.   If you want to reward yourself or others with an amazing meal and all around perfect dining experience, this is your place!  Where it lacks a view (like Elements) it makes up for in premium service and food!
4	This used to be one of my favorite restaurants :( We noticed that right after it changed hands the service wasn't as good as it used to be, but when we went recently it seems to have improved.The food has always been superb- even if you aren't a steak eater, you are going to love their steaks (aged in-house)! I am also a fan of the spicey Mambo salad with wasabe dressing (Mastro's salad is also really good, topped with a big shrimp, mmmm), the chilean sea bass, and my all time favorite sinful splurge has to be the gnocchi side dish with cheese, lobster and truffle oil. Oh yes. The Mastro's potatoes are also nice and cheesy and one of my favorite sides.The butter and lava cakes are also a nice way to top off the evening. Don't even think about getting a seat at the bar if you go on a weekend night at 7pm (and you will probably need to call in your reservations at least a week in advance during season), but you can do some good people watching- twenty somethings that think they are all that, ladies of the night looking for sugar daddies and sugar daddies abound! My father in law even ran into Jenna Jameson there (yes, it was an akward conversation :)They have a really nice private dining room that looks in on the kitchen (really fun to watch them hoppin' in there!), but it has recently changed- be prepared to provide a credit card and commit to a minimum for the room these days. This is a great place for a special night out, a big celebration, or a fun place to have a nightcap after a crazy night.
5	Ok, I'll admit it, I am a bit of a steak snob. You see, for many years I was a vegetarian and now I am making up for lost time- with yummy steak. Long story short, I send a lot of steak back for being over cooked. I don't like it raw, just cooked right. Medium rare- warm pink center. Not a crazy way to order a premium steak, no? The worst offender for overcooked beef is Capital Grill, hands down. Not necessarily the Cap grills in the valley, they are actually pretty good. Beware of the Capital Grill in Detroit. Come to think of it, beware of Detroit in general. But I digress... Saturday night I had the most perfectly cooked cow I can remember. A chunky delicious cut of meat with a seared crust and a very perfect center. I did not have the sides that night, but they are great. Drinks are plenty big and the bartenders know how to make a perfect Rob Roy which is a plus. Finally, I think this location makes it even better. It is occasionaly a little crowded, but most of the time it is just about right. Enough folks around to make you feel like you are out on the town, but not so many you feel like you are at a middle aged college bar. To Mastro's- well done! Uh...I mean medium rare...
5	One of the best meals of my life!  There was way too much food served, but the leftovers were just as good as the first time!  Lobster mashed potatoes and snap peas were SO good.  I ordered the Sea Bass and it melted like butter in my mouth!  The seafood tower over dry ice was very exciting and delicious as well.  This is a great place to celebrate something special or splurge BIG time!
4	I wish I could slam down 5 stars, and some day I may, but for now, I have to ding them for overcooking my $45 steak.  In the tradition that Ruth's Chris started, Mastro's brings out your steak on a 1000 degre plate (or something like that).  All that does, other than provide sizzle when the steak is delivered, is continue to cook your steak until a mid-rare ends up mid-well.  Too bad because the flavor was great.  We began our night at the bar, which was extremely slow, given the fact that it was not even busy.  We sat down and our server was very good at trying to upsell everything.  We had the seafood tower since there were five of us, and it was pretty good.  Their lobster mashed potatoes are a must have.  The wine list is priced very high.  Most bottles are a minimum of 3x retail.  I miss California and corkage.  I have excellent bottles in my collection and would gladly pay $20-30 to bring them to a restaurant.  The 2003 Margaux ran $3,600 a bottle, and it released around $899.  That's crazy to me.  Overall, I think I would go back and give them another shot, but I can't say this is the best steakhouse I've been to.
3	My husband treated me to the steakhouse of my choice for Mother's Day this year. I've already been to Ruth's Chris and Durant's several times so I thought I would take a leap and go with Mastro's. First off, we ended up driving to the BFE location in North Scottsdale. Silly me forgot there is a location on Camelback. After driving close to an hour (the 101 was closed) to get there, we were wishing we would have just hit up City Hall instead. Once we arrived we were surprised to find the restaurant as busy as it was. Sure, it's Mother's Day and all, but we weren't expecting to dine alongside swarms of young children. The restaurant itself was very loud and the ambiance was left to be desired. Flashbacks of Durant's and Ruth's entered my mind, and I remembered a quiet, relaxed and private dining experience. Not so much here. The servers seemed very rushed and actually appeared to be a bit sloppy in appearance. I also felt somewhat overdressed (in heels, nice pants and a nice blouse) compared to our fellow patrons, which was sad considering. Perhaps it's because it was Mother's Day and mothers felt it was alright to dress down and relax, or whatever.Now onto the food (and drinks). The hubs ordered the Perfect 10 martini and absolutely loved it. I opted out of drinking (after all we were an hour from home, who would drive?) and instead drank just water with lemon. We each ordered an appetizer salad: the caesar and beefsteak tomato with mozzarella. Both amazing. The tomatoes were flavorful and the mozzarella was very fresh. For entrees I ordered the 12 oz filet (the hubby doesn't eat meat) and we shared sides of steamed broccoli, sauteed asparagus, and garlic mashed potatoes. I ordered the filet medium and it indeed arrived medium, however, the plate was so flippin' hot that as I went to cut into the meat the plate sizzled and splattered all over me (and yes, I know this is how they do it, but maybe they could tone it down a few degrees?). Ouch?? The meat was very crispy on the outside and slightly difficult to cut into. Should I really need to saw into my filet and chew it until my mouth hurts? I don't think so. I much rather prefer the steak at previously said locations. The sides were also lacking in....something. I'm not sure what it was, but they didn't quite hit the spot. The asparagus was overcooked and rather weak looking, the mashed potatoes lacked flavor, and the broccoli was served in two large crowns that were rather difficult to cut into. While the servers seemed very busy, the service was actually impeccable. Probably the best thing about the evening. I also received a pink long-stemmed rose, which I thought was a nice touch. We ordered dessert to go (the Three Layer Chocolate Cake and Chocolate-Dipped Strawberries) and both were divine. We're thinking next time we go (if ever), we'll sit at the bar, order an appetizer and just kick back a few drinks. I won't take the time to drive back here again. At least not on a holiday.
5	I'm going to enjoy this review.  Let me first contextualize this review by giving you some background information:-I have been to Mastro's, at least, over 50 times (very conservative estimate)-I have had EVERYTHING on the menu-I know nearly every employee there, from valet to kitchen.So...let's begin.I started going here about 8 years ago.  People I know and associate with make this their destination of choice on a nightly basis and I frequently join them.  This has given me the opportunity to try the entire menu and experience many nights of service.SERVICE:The service is great.  No doubt about it.  From the hostess to the bussers, their is a professional, cordial and attentive quality to the entire staff.  FOOD:The appetizers are all great, but nothing innovative or spectacular.  Any horseradish/shrimp fans should definetly try the shrimp cocktail.  The shrimp are massive and the horseradish is the best you'll EVER HAVE.  The seared ahi app is great too.  Also, the mambo salad is great, as is the chop. Avoid the french onion soup.The food is archetypal steakhouse fare.  Sizzling, obnoxiously large, buttered steaks that come on an oh-so-hot plate.  Sides that are decadent and come in huge portions.  The steaks are fantastic.  Some of the best meat I've ever had in my entire life.  My all-time fav is the Bone-in Kansas City strip.    BUT you can't go wrong with the ribeye, porterhouse, new york...etc.  I have been to Ruth's Chris, Flemings, Mortons, durants, donovans...and I still think mastro's has the best cuts in town.  The sides are a true treasure.  You must absolutley get the Lobster Mashed Potatoes.  Decadent and rewarding.  The creamed corn is also excellent.  The potatoes au gratin is also stand out.  I'm also in love with the Gorgonzola mac and cheese.  So creamy and rich its amazing.  Heres a secret too, you can request to add, say, onions, tomatoes, bacon, jalapenos, into the mac n cheese...delecious. The deserts are extravagant as well. The butter cake is hands down the best desert on the menu.  I could go on and on, but eh...i'll leave it at that.
4	Great place is you have a very thick wallet. Steaks are beautifully cooked. NY peppercorn is my fav. Wassabi mashed potatoes, garlic snap peas and au-grautin potatoes round out the top sides for me. You can also enter the bar before 5 pm and order a house salad and ask to split it they are so large. Great way to save $$$ and enjoy the quality food. They are very accomodating. Butter cake for desert chocolate or vanilla bean are so rich you will need to share.
5	Culinary bliss.  It's been a couple of years since I was last there so time might have embellished my experience to epic levels.  I've done a lot of steakhouses in the Valley (Ruth's, Donovan's, Durrant's, Flemings, etc...) but the Filet I had at Mastro's was in a completely different league.  It was like all of those other restaurants were toiling away in the minors compared to the major league taste that I experienced at Mastro's.  The steak literally melted in my mouth....literally!The price is up there it is a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow for the true red-blooded soul who wants to experience what steak should taste like.
4	One of my favorite places to grab a thick juicy steak and martini. All the dishes I have had there have been great and the drinks are stiff. I also love the fact that the place is so dark the waiters have to use a flashlight to help you look at the menu. Careful!! Those plates are sizzling hot!! MMmmastros. I will be back again soon!
3	This was probably the best steak I have ever had and the pre dinner martini was BIg and perfectly done. We were a table of four and we ordered two sides, and two desserts, which was more than enough since the meat portions are huge. I ordered the petite filet which was more than enough for one person. The regular size is an obscene amount of beef and will leave no room for anything else. The prices are outrageously expensive. We had a reservation and yet we were squeezed into a table that they put in the middle of the noisy dining area in a spot where one could tell there should not have been a table. All the servers kept hitting two people in our party and we had to ask twice for them to readjust the table position. It was not a relaxing dining experience in that regard. The maitre de should have seated us elsewhere when we first complained. We sat in the bar afterward and had fun watching the cougar mating rituals...very entertaining.
4	One of my favorite steak places and love the scene at the bar!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!  Mastro's is the triple threat...GREAT FOOD, GREAT ATMOSPHERE and GREAT SERVICE!  My husband and I have been coming here from Chicago for years and CANNOT wait to get our bodies into this restaurant when we land!  We just moved here and I am in 7th heaven that I can go anytime!I highly recommend sitting in the bar/lounge where you can hear the music and I highly recommend the Martini's...they're endless...it seems.  One is like three and more than enough for dinner!  I usually get the Filet and my husband usually gets the Sea Bass....in 10 years...we have never been disappointed...literally not once!!!  As I said, we are from Chicago- which is like the land of Steakhouses...we know our steak...Mastro's sets the bar higher and we are thrilled to be so close now!  Mastro's, if you read your reviews...don't change a thing...just keep doing what you're doing!!!  A++++++
5	I LOVE Mastro's. From the cover bands/singers, to the filet, to the butter cake, I always leave pleased :)
5	I've lived in the valley almost 10 years and have yet to visit City Hall or Ocean Club...(shame on me!)So I was pretty excited when some friends wanted to meet up at Mastro's. It was no surprise the food and drinks were divine. I've been to Ruth's a few times, but Mastro's is awesome in that the music is live and FANTASTIC, and it's a little more relaxed of an environment in my opinion. We had Oysters & Crab Stuffed Mushrooms to start off with. Pork Chops and Filet with a Spinach Salad for Dinner. All excellent!The portions were SURPRISINGLY large, yet so is the price. However, you do get what you pay for and that was by far the best pork I believe I've ever had. The martinis were fantastic and just a warning, you order 1 - but they serve it with the shaker and you get a whole second pour. Dangerous.I will go back for sure, next time I cash out my 401k ;)
5	Great stake house love the consitency here...always busy. Love it!
5	Any review for Mastro's must be qualified by the phrase "its not cheap." Because if you are looking for a good meal for a decent price, this isn't the place for you.  Be mentally prepared for a large check or you won't enjoy.I ordered a vodka martini, thinking I would have a red wine with dinner.  My $18 martini (including the extra in the shaker) ended up lasting through dinner and refilled my glass twice (last one was mostly water, but still...).  Doing some advanced math, one $18 martini is approximately... $2 cheaper than a $10 martini and a $10 glass of wine.  What a bargain!Once every couple weeks I go to AJ's and overpay for some good filets, and despite my ineptitude with a grill they are awesome every time.  The filet I had at Mastro's BLEW AWAY my attempts at steakery.   I broke one of the ten commandments, I can't remember which one, and ordered it medium instead of medium rare, but it didn't matter.  I  savored every bite, in that way you can only savor a really really good steak.  And for $40 bucks I should be savoring.The sides are all good - I''ve never had one I didn't like.Two minor complaints - 1) maybe we were too close to the live music, because I couldn't hear a word my tablemates said; and 2) my wife ordered a house or chopped salad, but was brought some weird salad with crab. Probably because (see complaint #1) the waiter could not hear her.Anyway, if you want a restaurant to enjoy a special occasion, head to any of the Mastro's places.  Or if you make a lot more $ than me, make Mastro's part of your regular restaurant rotation.
5	I've waivered close to vegetarianism in the past, but after having a filet at Mastro's I know I could never give up beef. What a delicious night!!! I had the Petite Filet - it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I enjoyed every bite! Their gorgonzola mac and cheese is amazing... Try it even if you're not a big gorgonzola fan (I'm not). We shared the butter cake, which is a little too rich for me, but everyone else at the table loved it. Atmosphere-wise, it was great! Our party (me and 3 other girls) sat at a table near the bar and listened to great live music. We had a nice view of the bar scene - a lot of fun to watch. The waiters were so friendly and so much fun. We were so entertained by the waiters and other patrons, we ended up staying for hours! I think it was the most expensive dinner I've ever bought myself, but it's totally worth it for a special treat. Can't wait to go back to Mastro's!
4	Visited here on Monday, April 26, 2010.This was my 2nd time to this location, I am a frequent visitor to the Thousand Oaks spot, and have been to the Beverly Hill location once.As usual, we grabbed a high top table in the bar area.  We find we like to indulge as we split plates, have a few drinks and enjoy the music and bar scene.First the food:We split a caprese salad, had the wonderful bread basket (love the pretzel rolls), split a chefs cut (20oz.) NY Strip, Lyonnaise potatoes.  All was top notch as we expected.  Reason for 4 vs 5 stars was, they brought a bone in rib eye in error, which went back.  The Strip they brought was a bit rare but cooked on the plate.  The potatoes were very thick and dry, not sure if I remember them always being that way.  I would not order them again.In fairness, they did give up a complimentary dessert - warm butter cake with fresh creme.  Bad news is we ate it and both felt over indulged.The Bar:Was 6pm when we arrived, and very quiet.  By 7:30 the younger woman / older men crowd started to take shape.  The music was very nice and rounded out the Bar scene.Overall a fun evening out.
5	This Mastro's was recommended to us the first time we came to Scottsdale 10 years ago.  Now we MUST dine here every time we visit.  The bone-in ribeye is the best steak I've ever ate.  And even the vegetables are supreme.  For an appetizer, try the snow crab - it is out of this world.  Make no mistake, you pay for this type of excellence.  But it is well worth it.  Per the General Manager tonight, the Chicago location will open early fall.
4	Muk and I recently celebrated her birthday at Mastro's.  So, what did I like about the place.  Valet was very professional and friendly with a sense of humor..Hostesses were effective, letting us switch to a quieter table as we approached the one they were trying to give us. The steak was, without a doubt, the best chunk o'meat I've had in many a year.. We both had the bone-in filet and it was soooooo scrumptious!.. We had sides of steamed broccoli and steamed asparagus, both done to a T.  Along with a nice bottle of wine, the meal was complete.  I had checked with them beforehand about any possible birthday thing they could do and they then brought out one of their buttercake(the name alone tells you this is going to be sooooo baaad and soooooo goood) desserts with Happy Birthday written in chocolate on the plate  and a candle.  Since I have to watch my desserts, after three bits I had to tie my hands together with  my belt so I couldn't eat anymore of it!  And bang my forehead on the table!.  Two buzzkills:  One, the waiter would not stop talking! He oversold everything.  And would not just shut up!  Every time he passed the table there was more and none of it was adding to the service level. I told Muk at one point if he did not shut the f**k up, I was going to jump up and stab him in the neck with that big ass steak knife they'd given us!  I know they are slow this time of year and it was a Wednesday night but please!..To make matters worse,  when he'd approach the table he'd never check to see if we were talking and wait for a break.. He'd just start talking right on top of us again and again.. Where is that steak knife!?  That and the music was way too loud. But great music!If its a fine chunk o' you're looking for, this place delivers.. Just have your steak knife ready!
3	I've GOT to be honest and say I went for their Bread Basket!  Best ever! Went on my Birthday two years in a row.  First year Everything was 5 star. Second year? Must have hit an "off night".  Poor service and mediocre food, except for the BREAD!
5	Always good, top notch steakhouse food and service, the cream de la cream in the steak house world.  I like the creamed spinach, chop chop salad, prime rib, and to die for pound cake dessert!
4	Mastro's is expensive.  The portions are not Cheesecake Factory super-sized.  However, for a special occasion or "just a drink, dessert, and people watching", it really is as old-school elegant-glam perfect as one can find.  Regulars include a very dapper gentleman of about 80 always in a beautiful suit and silk tie, a mildly famous cowboy writer in his Stetson, various 30/40-somethings on their third date, and plenty of locals and out of towners celebrating birthdays, anniversaries, and mergers/aquisitions.  Sure, the food is good.  Very good, in fact.  But I think it's really all about the bar at Mastro's.  Sexy martini's (the "smoking" lemon drop martini complete with dry ice, the chocolate martini with it's own chocolate covered strawberry, or the quintessential dirty martini), a truly outstanding wine list and great free bread (and the pretzel bread is the best you'll find outside South Philly) make for a good ol' time.  And then there's the music.  Live piano playing, often accompanied by a female vocalist liven things up and are usually quite good at getting the crowd into that warm, buzzy, "if you can't be with the one you love...." mindset.  Typical selections include Neil Diamond, Carly Simon, a few Beatles selections.  Most recently, however, I was there with a small group sharing the (sinful) butter cake and drinks.. when the pianist starting playing a medley of WWII military theme songs ("Anchors Awheigh", the Air Force Theme Song, You're in the Army Now, etc.) with many of the crowd singing along... and then made an announcement that there were 2 of the only 89 living Congressional Medal of Honor recipients in the room that night.  The entire place, bar and restaurant, stood and applauded for several minutes, several people went over to shake the two (very senior) men's hands.  Now that's just the kind of  thing you would never expect... but you really could at Mastro's.
5	Excellent Service, Excellent Food, Excellent Ambiance. The Oyster Rockefeller was great, the house salad (has seafood in it) was huge and can be split for two, the Prime Steaks were great and the Carrot cake with whip cream could feed 5. This is a fine establishment. Only thing is out of the way if your in Phoenix and it is expensive. But this is the best Steakhouse in the Phoenix area.
4	I told the waiter to "surprise me" and let him select my entree. He did and brought an unbelievable cut of beef which says a lot since I am from Omaha. Great food and excellent service and nice atmosphere. I need to make a point of going back very soon.
4	Mastro's has always proven itself to be a classy steakhouse.  Phil the manager makes you feel like family. And if you don't have Radolfo assisting with your table, you are missing out! Last night we skipped dinner and came in for just wine and dessert.  As we made the reservation, this was mentioned.  We had a warm welcome and a great glass of wine from our favorite bartender Oscar as we waited for our table to open up.  After we were seated, our waiter- Brent handed over the dinner menu's.  We informed him we were only here for wine and dessert.  Brent proceeded to rip the menus out of our hands, grab the bread basket and shove it to the assistant and threw a huge fit to the manager. I  have never been more embarrassed or treated this poorly in my life!  Besides being belittled for taking a table near the bar just for "wine and dessert" by Brent, the warm butter cake made up for his poor service. If you haven't had this already, you MUST, I say MUST try this dessert. its heaven. Needless to say, I love Mastro's and will be coming back but NEVER, I repeat, NEVER sitting at Brent's table again (unless we are just there for wine and dessert!  ha ha).
4	Having a house nearby, we have been to this Mastro's several times and have enjoyed the food every time.  Being from Chicago, we know a good steak and they surpass any of the steakhouses in Chicago (Morton's, Gibson's, etc.).  We had the prime rib at Mastro's for the first time last week and my husband and I both agree that it was the best prime rib we have ever had anywhere!  We would give them 5 stars accept that the service can be inconsistent.  On a couple of occasions the servers and hostesses came off as rather arrogant (like they were doing us a favor by serving us).  This last trip we were given the option of being seated in the lounge right away or waiting 10 minutes for a table in the dining area.  We elected to sit in the lounge, but it seemed that they only had one person servicing the entire area.  It took a very long time for her to take our order.  However, the food totally made up for this.  Don't forget to have the butter cake!
5	Bring a flashlight. It is so dark inside you can not read the menu. But the waiter was so well versed we just used his recommendations. We all had filets cooked to perfection and served on a 400 degree hot plate. They recommend the lobster mashed potatoes but did not feel they were worth the price tag.The wine list is extensive and expensive.  If you are looking for fancy this is the place but we went after a round of golf and they were very accommodating . Great special occasion dinner but not your everyday steak joint .
4	Wow. The food and atmosphere here are great. The music was a little too loud, but, for a weekend away, this place hit the spot perfectly. The wait was rather lengthy, so we stalked the bar until some folks left, then had our dinner there. I had the largest shrimp cocktail of my life, some really good wine, and grilled asparagus. There are so many delicious options in Scottsdale, but, this is pretty specific in vibe. Check it out.
5	My go-to place for a special occasion. The seafood towers are incredible, the steaks are perfect and they make one of the best cosmopolitans around!
5	Amazing.Me and my fiancee's favorite restaurant.  Probably the only place I would spend 36 dollars for a side of mash potatoes. The drinks were amazing and strong and plentiful.  We had our drinks on top of the grand piano until our table was ready.  It was such a beautiful atmosphere / ambiance.I had the filet and my fiance had the bone in ribeye.  (she wanted to give her spoiled dog the bone.)  My mouth is watering as I type this.  Both were cooked to perfection.  Warm Butter Cake.  Get that for dessert.  Great with dessert wine if your inclined to imbibe more.Mastro's nailed both things we love.  We've been to Mastro's Ocean Club several times and now the Steakhouse.  This one is my fave and I will be back for more.
5	Its official...thee very best Prime Steak House in the West!  Our second visit and was it ever a masterpiece.The bread they serve is just not fair!!  How do you conserve valuable stomach space when they tempt you with the very thing that most corrupts the valuable space you are trying to conserve?!?!?  The pretzel bread is remarkable.Mastros signature salad is a perfect salad and you must give it a try.  The Mac-n-Cheese is simply the very best I have ever had....and the only way to improve on it would be with lobster!!We had the Bone-in Rib-Eye and the Wagu Tomahawk Rib-Eye both were world class and both gave us virtually no chance of completing!  Hurray for left-overs.Aurie was our server and he was just unbeatable!  The restaurant is a shrine to meat eaters and every aspect of this operation reeks of perfection.   This morning we paid homage to our last nights meal by quickly sauteing thin slices of the meat and serving it with the pan re-fried Mac-n-Cheese covered with a poached egg.......mmmmm gotta Love Mastro-Leftovers!
3	I'll never go here again. The food was excellent. The service supreme, and the decor to die for. Who cares though.$120 Stone Crab appetizer, because once they are out of season you  can't get them again! This fish plate is $30 because a diver coaxed it out of its home and invited it to be your meal...seriously.If you enjoy masturbating while looking in the mirror and need to pay a ridiculous amount of money for stuff in order to: impress a client, mistress, or friends who hate you...this is the place to do that. There are plenty of places that also have fine food but do not have $17 Macaroni and Cheese.The shear quality and tastiness of the food make it impossible to rate this place less than 3, otherwise its a bunch of douchebaggery.Note: This is the first time I saw a note on a menu that told me that the restaurant was required by state law to inform you that eating raw, undercooked...etc foods could be bad. Most other places just inform you of that, Mastro's lets you know that they are only telling you that because they have to, the group that I went with were absolutely convinced that it was because no one would ever get sick from eating there.I did not get sick from eating here (see my Filiberto's review for reference)
5	Normally, I go into detail about a restaurant...but why bother when you know its going to be the same goodness everytime you go!Great wine list for sure!Steaks always come out piping hot with the butter jumping off the plate.  Cut into the steak and soak up every last bit of that butter!  It will be a party in your mouth.Desert...you can't leave without!  Even just to take it home (if you are too full) is worth it.  You won't be disappointed in this place...guaranteed!
5	Wow, where to begin... Very nice ambiance with glass walls to break up the interior sections. We sat in the room to the rear of the piano bar and could hear each other just fine - it was very crowded and I did see groups with kids in the main dining room but we couldn't hear them a few feet away. Now the food... The bread basket had a lovely assortment including these fresh baked soft pretzel "logs" that I could have eaten all night long. I had the chopped salad, filet (medium plus) and Gorgonzola mac and cheese. I'll admit, I'm a sucker for a chopped salad and this one was exceptional - iceberg, romaine, radicchio, tomato, blue cheese, cucumber, artichoke hearts in a creamy dressing. Filet served on a 400 degree platter sizzling in clarified butter - quite possibly the best filet I've ever had and I used to go into NYC on a regular basis for steak and have had the best the city has to offer (Peter Luger, Gallagher, Delmonico, Nick and Stef, Porter House to name a few) . Mac and cheese was also quite good. My husband had the blue point oysters and declared them as good as any he's had anywhere (he grew up on Cape Cod) and the atomic horseradish knocked his socks off. He had his filet medium rare and also felt it was one of the best he's ever had. We shared the scalloped potatoes he ordered and they were absolutely delicious. Generous double espresso that had outstanding flavor. For dessert - Butter Cake topped with iced cream, vanilla whipped cream and peaches / strawberries. Let me tell you straight up I'm not a huge dessert fan, don't care about iced cream and wasn't really interested in trying butter cake...I can buy a butter pound cake at the grocery store, right? WRONG. This might be the single most delicious cake I've ever tried. Now the service.... Our two servers were outstanding. They took their time, explained everything, were attentive and very thoughtful. Wine, excellent selection and some great values to be had. Cocktails, didn't have one but we did see several tables get the dry ice mixes and I must admit - they looked pretty cool. All of the food I described above and a bottle of wine for under $300 with the tip - outstanding for the level of service and quality of food. For anyone that complains about the price - stick to the casual dining chains. Attention owners of other "fine" steakhouses in the area: make a reservation, bring a pen and paper and start finding out how to really run a steakhouse.
5	If I could transcribe the sounds of a happy stomach to written word, it would probably be spelled, "Mastro's".  I would classify Mastro's as the ultimate of steakhouses, with cuts so prime and tender that they will still fall off the bone the next day when you take your leftovers out of the fridge.    From the insanely good assorted bread basket (don't eat too much or you will spoil your dinner) to the shrimp cocktail that are so big you'd swear they were on the Barry Bonds regiment of steroids, to steaks that come out on 400 degree sizzling plates...there is happiness at every turn here.Live a little, eat at Mastro's!
5	Went to Mastro's last night and did a complete repeat of our last dinner there.  The food was outstanding yet again...the mac and cheese was even better this time which I didn't think was possible.At one point the lounge singers became too loud in our area of the dining room.  Someone complained, the waiter walked over turned a dial and they became soft background noise once again.  Good to know!!
5	Their Bone-In-Filet is AMAZING! It ruined every other steak that I have had in the past. The outside was crispy & salty while the center melted in your mouth like butter. The Lobster Mashed potatoes were creamy with huge chunks of lobster. Asparagus was cooked to perfection.Finish dinner off with a Butter Cake. I often will skip desert from other places just to grab a cake to go.When you go there, ask for your waiter to be Tobias. He was wonderful and did a wonderful job with A++ service.
5	This is as best as it gets! When my dad come into town this is where we always go as our tradition. It might be the only time I can get to go (a teacher's salary will not pay the bill here) but I look forward to it every time. The food is amazing, the service is the best in the city, and the atmosphere- especially if you get to sit in the bar area is the best! Highly recommend!
1	Down hill!This place used to be great, but now rests on its laurels.I remember a visit to Mastro' s used to mean perfection, now it is just pretentious.I have been several times and always loved it, but my last couple of visits have landed this place right in the toilet for me. I don't think I will be giving it another visit after this latest episode:I took my dad and family for a birthday celebration because my dad just loved the place too. We were greeted and asked about the special occasion by our server who took the opportunity to make jokes about age...  All fine. Took the drink order for a table of 4 and shows up with 3 drinks but totally forgot the guest of honor's ... Oops!  Takes our order and serves guest of honor with a barely cooked filet. It was ordered medium-rare, something Mastro usually nails, it came out purple and raw in the middle.  When commented on, the server promptly picked it back up, returned it to the kitchen and brought it back well passed medium... Yikes! Pay that much for a filet you should expect perfection, they missed this one on both sides. Not even a question whether it was okay. To kick the final door in, the table next to us was brought a nice birthday cake and birthday wish, we were brought the bill... Ouch! I suppose being chided about age was gift enough!I was upset enough to write a letter. I was very happy to get a voice message from the manager saying he'd like to discuss my experience. I called him back and left a message, but did not hear back. I tried again, and have still not heard back for over 6 months. Looks like I'm done with this place!
5	Easily my favorite restaurant of all time and I've been a lot of places....from the amazing seafood tower with dry ice for presentation to the bone in ribeye,  the creamed corn that is amazing, the succulent mashed potatos all the way to the warm butter cake....OMG...nothing gets better than this....and dont forget a great Dirty Martini!
5	My wife and I are in Scottsdale on vacation and we wanted to have one dinner at an area steakhouse.  After much research we decided on Mastros. We were promptly seated and started with drinks. They have an extensive wine list by the bottle and 10 or so by the glass in each category (red, white, etc). I was torn between a couple of red wines so the waitress (we had a team of 3 serving us) offered to bring tasting samples of each. That was nice and allowed me to make a good wine choice (Beuhler estate cab). Warm bread was delivered immediately including parmesan crusting and pretzel bread. For appetizers we ordered a half dozen kumimoto oysters on the half shell and the seared scallops. The oysters were succulent and slightly sweet, presentation was on point. The scallops were presented in a garlic cream sauce that was rich but not too overpowering. My wife ordered the bone-in Kansas city strip medium rare. I ordered the bone-in ribeye (my favorite cut) also medium rare. The KC strip was savory and had a nice crust and was flavorful. The ribeye was over-the-top with intense flavor running through the entire cut. It just melted in your mouth. I preferred the ribeye over the KC strip but my wife still liked the strip. Whatever you order be sure to order BONE-IN, the flavor is more intense that boneless. We ordered an obligatory vegetable, the string beans. Tasty but hard to eat those when the ribeye is on your plate. We managed to save some room for desert. Like many other posts recommended we tried the warm butter cake topped with vanilla ice cream. The cake was moist with a sugar crust that was divine. The vanilla ice cream was super rich, you couldn't have too much of that but it was a good combo especially topped with homemade whipped cream :). I ordered the NY cheesecake (without the fruit, why mess with a classic?) with a dusting of cinnamon. The portion size was at least the size of 2 slices elsewhere so I brought half home for a snack the next day. In summary the service was impeccable, food was stellar (did I mention the bone-in???), setting was nice and we had live piano music in the background from the bar. It's not cheap, but definitely worth the trip for an over the top dinner.
5	We were staying at The Boulders and wanted a serious steak place. Could they recommend one? The concierge was so excited to send us here. We walked in and what surprised me was how BIG this place is. There is a glassed in bar in the center of the steakhouse. And then there are booths for regular diners around it, creating a square of feasting. So the atmosphere is a weird mix of nice dining with a noisy bar in the middle and live musicians singing Billy Joel songs. All I could think was oh boy what have I gotten myself into? So even though we could hear the noise, even the regular diners were boisterous happy folk. So just in and go with the flow. The service was excellent. We asked for a recommendation on the wine and the waitress didn't try to gouge us. We feasted on lobster bisque with chunks of lobster in it large enough to be a while claw. Our waitress also recommended we try the filet-in-bone, which, to be honest, I had never heard of. But now I'm asking, why haven't I heard of this before!!! The filet-in-bone puts any other filer I've ever had to shame. The meat literally pulled apart it was so moist and it melted in my mouth. Not sure how I can go back to Chicago and eat steak the same way again. We also did the sweet potato mash was excellent. At the end of dinner, we literally couldn't eat anything more. And trust me, the offered desert but I think we may have exploded if we had given in.
5	We tried the caviar before our appetizers this time, a choice between two types - we picked the Osetra.   Caviar is served with mini toasts,  minced shallot, minced hard boiled egg white, minced hard boiled egg yolk, capers, creme fraiche, and I'm sure I'm forgetting other items served with it.  What a treat.  As usual, we enjoyed chopped salad, fillets, scalloped potatoes, asparagus, espresso, butter cake, and a fantastic Cabernet.Another A++ experience at Mastro's!!!!!
5	Been to this Mastros several times now and am consistently satisfied witht he food, drinks and experience overall.  Steaks done perfectly, sides huge but still well-prepared, and drinks perfectly made.  We are never rushed to order or throught he courses and can thoroughly enjoy the evening there.  On this occasion we were celebrating my birthday and our anniversary.  The restaurant comped us a ginormous dessert - flourless chocolate cake (heavenly), chocolate covered strawberries (ripe, not green like you get at other places) and mountains of house made whipped cream.  Amazing!  Between the dinner and dessert we had 6 boxes of leftovers!  The consistent quality and service make Mastros my continued favorite.
2	This was our fourth visit to Mastro's and it used to be one of our very favorite steak houses. Not anymore. The appy's were good, a lobster bisque for me and a crab cocktail for my husband. I ordered a cocktail (I always just have one) and my husband a glass of wine. I told our server Guiseppe (seriously? probably his name is Joe) that my drink was watery. He looked askanse at me and said he'd look into it but that "this NEVER happens." Really? He then proceeded to ignore my complaint and did not bring another drink, NOR take it off the check. I left it sitting quite obviously by my plate half of it drank. The biggest disappointment was the bone on filet. I expected prime beef, which should have melted in the mouth. This filet was cooked properly (med rare) but it tasted like a choice cut from the local market. Very disappointing, certainly not melt in mouth I'd come to expect. The sauteed spinach was swimming in grease and the lobster mash that he persuaded us to try was an abomination. My first bite of lobster had a piece of shell on it and the whole dish was swimming in some buttery,greasy concoction. Mind you we both love butter, but this was way over the top. I actually felt a little sick and only ate two bites of it. Also notable is that they charge $34.00 just for this side. Ugh what a rip-off. We split the filet entree yet I actually didn't even finish my half! At those prices too that is something I didn't like doing but the food just was not good. Our meal for two, splitting one entree and including one cocktail ($18.00 for that travesty) and my husband had two glasses of chardonnary, came to $209.00 and we left a $40.00 tip which actually Guiseppe did not deserve, considering the cocktail was still on the tab and no explanation or apology was given. I know there are many raves about this place and in the past I would have been part of that chorus but this meal was extremely overpriced and underwhelming. Resting on their laurels is the phrase that comes to mind. Will they get any more of our repeat business? Not bloody likely.
4	A recent visit to Mastro's had been a disappointment and I voiced my opinion on Yelp. The biggest surprise I received was a call the very day I posted from the General Manager, Mark, at Mastro's. This gentleman was adamant that they wanted us to return and give them a chance to redeem themselves. What was more amazing was that they insisted on sending a limo! Fast forward to the big evening and Dave, the friendly limo driver, arrived right on time and whisked us to the restaurant. The staff at Mastro's treated us like royalty. The service was spot-on. Cece, our wonderful waitress, was a real pro and took the time to thoroughly discuss the menu. My husband ordered the lobster cocktail and it was perfection. The presentation was gorgeous.....a whole split lobster on a bed of ice. Somehow  one of those lobster claws ended up on my plate. Mmmmm so tasty, brimming with  briny sea goodness. I had a classic spinach salad that was excellent. My husband had the heirloom tomato salad with burrata cheese and that cheese just oozed with lusciousness. For entree we chose the bone-in petite filet again (the last time it wasn't very good) and it was superb. Melt-in-the-mouth the way a prime cut of beef should be. I did not care for their french fries, which when done right (with a touch of duck fat especially) can be so delicious. I thought they were overcooked and tasteless but my husband  liked them with both catsup and ranch. Who was I to carp over such a detail when the entire evening was comped by Mastros? Also, that's the restaurant business - what I love you might hate and vice versa. It's hard to please everyone but Mastro's comes very close.The piece de resistance was Mastro's famous butter cake and the description really doesn't do justice to the artful presentation of rich butter cake, ice cream, supremes of fruit and a lovely sauce. It is a scrumptious dessert and the perfect ending to a wonderful evening. Our feelings about Mastro's certainly changed back to our orginial good opinion of this great steakhouse after this evening. The food was so much better, plus the service was impeccable. This was our fourth or fifth visit to Mastro's and we've only had one disappointing meal. Knowing that General Manager Mark and the entire staff of Mastros are so committed to customer satisfaction, I can definitely say they are one of the best steak houses in the Valley.
5	Phil and his group are amazing!!! They make every experience worth every dollar spent
5	Dallassites; concierge Diane recommended this spot for a restauratnt typical of our standards.  What a surprise!  Awesome decor, beautiful sunset, rockin shrimp/lobster cocktail presentation.  Food amazing, Gusieppe our waiter extremely engaging and hosted the signature dessert.  Wine choices excellent, a very fun night.  We'll be back!
4	My friend and I arrived about an hour early for our dinner reservation Friday night and were surprised and delighted to see that bar is a piano bar (with singers), which I think is pretty awesome.  The bar seems to be the place to hang out as it just kept getting busier and busier and the dining room remained fairly sparse.  The cocktail menu in the bar is an interesting mix of specialty and traditional cocktails with a twist.  Dinner was good, I always enjoy the cream corn and mashed potatoes with my steak.  I had no room for butter cake at the end, but it is a favorite when dining at a Mastro's.
4	SO the other day I was having a crazy salad craving and couldn't figure out where to go to make it happen.  I remembered being a fan of the Mambo Salad (Wasabi caesar) and since Mastro's is both in my neighborhood and has been one of my favorite restaurants for the past 9 years, I called ahead and ordered one to go plus grilled shrimp.Arriving at the restaurant, I really wished I had time to dine with the and enjoy a full meal but i'd had a long day and really just wanted the salad and my couch.  As always, all staff members I came into contact with were friendly, neatly attired and welcoming.My mouth watered all the way home at the prospect of tearing into the cold, crisp green, plump grilled shrimp and the hint of sharp heat from the wasabi caeser dressing but when I opened the container, what I saw shocked and saddened (yes, saddened...I AM a foodie after-all) me.  In the box were the usual mixed greens and container of dressing (key that it wasn't already tossed with the greens ensuring their crispness) and perched proudly atop said greens was one SINGLE grilled shrimp....I couldn't believe it.... At ($11 for salad greens and $7 for the addition of shrimp there should have been at least a COUPLE).  I dug around in my greens looking for my shrimp's buddies but alas, it was truly alone.  I didn't know what to do. I ended up calling the restaurant to ask (which I had not initially) what adding grilled shrimp to my salad consisted of and was told by the manager on duty that there should have been a whole or half shrimp as well as chopped throughout the salad and that he would reverse the charge and I should ask for him when next I dined with them.  Prior to calling the restaurant, I did what everyone does, I posted a picture on Facebook: http://tinyurl.com/cn73btc Anyway, I ate my salad and savored that shrimp (Actually quite a large shrimp, looked to be a U10 and it was actually QUITE tasty).  Nothing more would have come of it had I not received a call the following day form the General Manager who'd been informed of what had happened by his shift manager and wasn't about to let things end there.Mark N. Let me know in no uncertain terms that my experience wasn't what he expected of Mastro's restaurants nor up to his standards.  He explained what he though had gone wrong and what he intended to do to prevent it happening in the future.  He reiterated that the charge would be reversed and that he wanted to send me a $100 gift card for the trouble.  I told him i'd been dining in various Mastro's restaurants for 9+ years and had never had anything but great food and service and that the gift card wasn't necessary but he insisted.  Bottom line here is this is what customer service should be.  Mastro's and their General Manager are leading from the top down and setting an example to their employees that customers are not disposable.  Not only will I return to redeem the gift card (while leaving a few extra of my hard earned dollars in the process) but I will continue to dine with and recommend them to anyone looking for a great meal and superior service.  My Facebook post regarding my conversation with Mark resulted in 30 "likes" and 13 additional comments, I'd say this is a "win" far in excess of $100 for Mastro's.  If you haven't been, GET.IN.YOUR.CAR! (and whatever you do, don't miss the warm butter cake of dessert)
5	One of the top 5 meals my husband and I have ever had.  This is as good as it gets and was amazing.  Beautiful restaurant and amazing food.  We look forward to making this "our place" :)  MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
5	I absolutely loved Mastro's!! The service is amazing and the food is delicious. I'm usually not a fan of high end franchise restaurants but this place really made me think twice.
5	Quite simply, one of the most amazing, over the top dining experiences. We've dined at so many steak houses - as I have a meat loving hubby and 2 teen boys. So we've had our share of Flemings, Ruth's Chris, etc. but this was one of our first trips to the Scottsdale area. I can't believe this is a chain, as everything about it felt so personal.Stand outs:- Their signature Cosmo: made with orange vodka, shaken at the table and poured into your glass with dry ice. This drink bubbles! Ooohhh I heart this.- lobster bisque: shell based stock, giant bowl with tons of chopped lobster. If you want the heavy cream based, this isn't it. It is a delish real deal bowl of heaven.- shellfish tower: giant shrimp & king crab legs. Believe it or not, I'd say it was very good. But I'd rather have the other unique items.- sides: Mac and cheese, French fries (enough to serve 10 people) and garlic mash. Kids and hubby declared the Mac and cheese the best ever.- peppercorn crusted ahi - very very tasty (spicy)- bone in aged filets: this is the stand out bad boy on the menu. Any sauce you want, but awesome enough to do without. 400degree plates. These are the most flavorful filets I've ever had.- butter cake. Just bring an insulin shot, and jump off the edge to one of gods creations. Can't even describe it. 1 cake is enough for everyone. It's like a giant, sugared pound cake ring with some fresh fruit. I will NEVER come to AZ without eating one of these.Basically, I think the chef thought "what is the most sinful dessert". Then found an angel, ripped off their halo, rolled it in sugar and torched it to make it even better. That's all I can assume. Sinful, delish, and one of the best things I ever ate.Also - 5 star service, live music.... If I run away from home, I will live here.
5	I was here for a birthday party, and I was very impressed.  The steak I had was delicious and perfectly cooked.  All the sides were good.  The wait staff was very attentive and friendly.  The music was good and there were a lot of good looking people and fancy cars there.
4	Ate here a few weeks ago and had a very sub par meal, the manager offered me a "repeat."  I took him up on it because a $200 steak dinner with a bad steak is never a fun experience.  Went back and everything was top notch.  Hubby had a perfectly done steak; I had great crab legs, and everything was as it should be for this price.  Thanks to the manager for following up and caring!
5	Yummy, yummy and more yummy!Great bar and wait staff!
5	This review is for Oscar behind the bar.  He is simply the best and hardest working bartender I have ever seen and believe me I've been in plenty of bars.
5	My fiance and I are at Mastro's Steakhouse Scottsdale and she orders a bone in ribeye so I order the bone in filet figuring we can share for variety.  Our orders arrive and while the filet was tender, the ribeye flavor was out of this world.  So, I was bummed and when the waitress came back and asked how my steak was, I expressed my "ribeye envy".  They immediately took back my filet and brought out a ribeye!!!  That is the most amazing service I have EVER experienced in a restaurant.  I took one bite and it was awesome (at this point, I'd already ate half of my fiance's ribeye), so I asked them to wrap it and ordered the Warm Butter Cake for dessert.  It was amazing and highly recommended!!!  I'd go back just for the dessert!  Walking out of the restaurant, I couldn't fit even a wafer thin mint.  A truly great experience and highly recommend Mastros Steakhouse Scottsdale!  I won't go to another steakhouse while in Scottsdale.
5	This place does it right, but hold on to your walet! U have to try the Yellow butter cake, its over the top.
4	Mastro's has been our steakhouse for years, typically dine with them once a month or so. We always enjoy Mastro's for the crowd, service, and steaks. Always treated well and have been for years.The steaks are great, portions good sized, great wine selection and very interesting fun crowd to watch. Many locals we see there also, has a good strong following in the North Scottsdale area. The service is always great and prompt with requests, yet no over the top "sir or maam" type thing.The Chocolate sin cake is insane.
5	Not much needs to be said.  They do it right.  From the service to the food all was perfect and made for a very enjoyable night!
5	I have been to Mastro's before, but had one of my BEST dining experiences EVER last night!  Estery was out server and she was amazing!  Food is amazing, as always and it was great to have a server who was as informed as she was.  And plenty of food lest over to enjoy it all again today
5	I went to Mastro's last week for the new Sunday Brunch, very good selection on the food. Excellent Service, you can also order their Lobster Bisque and Omelet, Belgium Waffle and the famous butter cake from the kitchen at the brunch!Very good and attentive service, nice ambiance.  It was an awesome dinning experience! I will defiantly come back again!
5	Mastro's has a classic American Steak House atmosphere. I always get the bone-in filet and love it. Yes it is expensive but it is worth the money every once and a while to have a truly spectacular steak.
4	Needed our Mastro's fix, so did a walk in at about 545 so we could get a bar hight top table.Service was nice, but got a bit slow as it got crowded. Maybe our bar waitress had too many tables. The food and beverages as always is first class and tastes great. They are very consistant with thier quality. The steaks are done perfectly everytime. Love those pretzel bread things in the bread basket.Best part is the chocolate sin cake, amazing stuff.This has got to be the best people watching spot in Scottsdale. Funny stuff man, especially with Barret Jackson going on.
5	Usually we hit Mastro's Ocean Club when we're in Scottsdale, but we decided to change it up a bit and try Mastro's Steakhouse. It did not disappoint.  Our party of four enjoyed a family style dinner of Lobster Bisque soup, Chopped Salad, and a 48 ounce Double Cut Porterhouse.  For sides we chose a Lobster Mashed Potato and Creamed Corn. Everything was truly superior including the service. After dinner we headed into the lounge and enjoyed a nightcap while we listened to a talented duo of keyboards and vocals. Enjoyed the dining, the service, and the beautiful high end interior design of Mastro's Steakhouse!  Very pleased. Very impressed.
5	Butter cake is to die for!!
5	Mastro's has a reputation for being the best in Phoenix and they did not disappoint. I had the salmon (not a big fan of Steak) and it was excellent as were the shoestring fries.
5	Simply amazing.
5	Dined here in March 2013.Top-notch food, wine list, environment and service. i thought i was the pinnacle of class, sophistication and elegance prior to going here; a new bar has been set. Speaking of which...sit at the bar...and rub shoulders w/ the once-weres of the midwest and pacific.
4	The smells from the kitchen are just amazing, great quality steak selection, intimate wine room for a group, and the BEST dessert in all of Phoenix. The service is a little fast for my taste at this price range, but the butter cake...you just can't say no to...
5	This place is easily one of my favorite Steakhouses in Arizona.  They blow me away every time I visit.  I'm a creature of habit when I find a great Steakhouse, so I tend to order the same thing every time.  Here's what I order here:Wedge Salad w/Blue Cheese Dressing & Crumbles12 oz Bone-In Filet, $38Gorgonzola Mac n Cheese, $12The Wedge Salad is a big portion and I have to be careful every time I order it not to get full.  I usually split it with The Better Half.  I wish they had a 1/2 order available.The Bone-in Filet is simply magnificent.  It's juicy and full of flavor.  The right amount of marbling and the bone gives this Steak unbelievable flavor....my mouth is watering as I'm typing this.The Gorgonzola Mac n Cheese is a big portion for a side dish...plan to share or take home.  It's very creamy and rich....delicious.  It compliments the Filet well.The servers here are top notch and always go the extra mile to ensure you have a good time.  If it wasn't so far from civilization (it's in Pinnacle Peak), we'd come here more often.PS - this is not a cheap restaurant.  If you can't afford to spend the money, don't come here....you'll be disappointed.Return Factor - 100%
4	Outstanding eatery. I ate in the lounge which had a comfortable and lively feel to it. The service was excellent (and easy on the eyes). The food was delicious.  The only issue I had was my Kobe was cold when it was brought to the table. But that was quickly and appropriately remedied.
5	Dining at Mastro's Steakhouse is always an expensive proposition. However, after considering the superb quality of the food and the flawless service, I conclude the overall experience is nearly worth every penny.My favourite item on the menu...?...Actually it's not a streak and anything but. The dish that wins my most acclaim is the herb roasted chicken. The tenderness is a melt in your mouth experience....and it's crust and crispness is just legendary....on top of that it is perfectly browned and juicy. Couple the roasted chicken with a side of creamed spinach and you've got a winning combination that will leave your taste buds moaning the rest of the evening.Service was warm, friendly and very efficient. ...Mastro's remains an excellent choice for any occasion!
5	Excellent! Great steaks and sides. If you should choose to try Mastro's, you will be paying a premium for your steaks, seafood , etc but it is money well spent. Also, each side is more than enough to share between four or more people.
2	First date with this restaurant, and their hygiene was bad.Got there early and no one was manning the bar, eventually someone showed up and was a bit snippy with us. We ordered the Steak Sashimi, the wasabe potatoes had no wasabe and the steak was overcooked. We had the mac and cheese also, which was substandard for Mastro's and too light on the Gorgonzola. We had a 20 oz Chef's cut New York Strip, Well, the chef must have been drunk when he cut this strip because it had fat all over it. We brought back most of it for the dogs. When the manager asked us for another chance (he didn't offer any refunds however) I said, "This was a first date, and your hygiene was bad." Some things you just don't get second chances on.
2	Appetizers were ok, main course horrible.  Grilled lobster tails came out raw, they did bring another serving, these too were barely cooked..  The halibut was similar to chewing on a shoe.  For the prices they charge we will not be going back.  It seems like everyone who goes there has been brainwashed to think they are getting a good meal.
2	Sorry, not what it used to be. . .Mastro's used to be in out regular rotation for favorite places, this last visit ended that.  First in general, if you have kids that can't shut up and stay in their seat, get a baby sitter and leave them at home.  All you are doing is p@##@*g off the other customers.  Well behaved children are always appreciated and usually thanked.Now to the meal, crab cake appetizer, tasted like fish not crab.  Yecch.Bone-in Ribeye, tough and gristly, obviously bad cut and not premium quality.Wife's fish, over cookedGo down the road and find another place. . .
5	Ended up here for our 10 year anniversary after we discovered our original choice had a set menu for the night.  Overall fantastic experience with great service and even better food.  Do yourself a favor and ask for Frank.  He found out it was our anniversary and couldn't have treated us better!  Go Calvin Knights!!!
3	Dined with Mastro's this weekend. Don't think they hit their usual mark last night, but still a good meal.Sat in the back dining area, not as fun as the bar or the front dining room. It's mainly for families or larger groups.Wait staff seemed a bit off tonight, more so just our waiter. Seemed rushed or overwhelmed a bit. The support staff is always great and many faces we have seen for a while there.They had a few items wrong on our order, didn't steam the asparagus and put butter on the brides steak and never caught it. First time our order has ever been wrong in years so not a big deal.The waiter didn't come often enough to refill our wine glasses, not like them.Still a good meal and aside from the waiter, it was as good as we remember.
2	Mastro's price point would lead one to believe the service and meal would be of the best quality. i'm afraid my experience would say this is not true. As a last night meal in  town for the next month , my husband and I had dinner at Mastro's. We had been there many times ,but this night my crab cake was not even warm ( they said it should be room temp) really? Then the porterhouse steak steak for two we ordered came out as a porterhouse steak for one we could share! Our service was below what anyone would expect and there is not a reason in the world to go there when many other options are out there. You must have to be a celebrity to get service that  any normal couple would hope to get for a  price point in this place.
5	One of my favorites in Arizona. Whether for a martini at the bar or a dinner for a special occasion! Gorgeous interior, service is always wonderful, food is delish! Highly recommend to all!
2	Last night was my first time here. Much heralded by reviewers and by my two dining companions, my expectations were high. I am glad to report that the food was superb and maybe even exceeded my expectations. So 5 stars for food.However, in my book, dining experience is much more than just the food. Taking care of the guests through impeccable service and not making them feel that they are in some way less important than the "regulars" is an art that is not practiced well at this restaurant.We arrived  at 7:20 pm for an 8 pm reservation. We had no expectation that we would be seated earlier than our time. We ambled up to the bar and ordered beverages. Great atmosphere, great conversation. From the time that we sat down at the bar to a few minutes after 8 pm, a table for 4 had been empty (there were 3 in our party). I asked the maitre d' why we could not be seated at that table. I was told that there were 3 tables that were about to be vacated and that very shortly we would be seated. Another 15 minutes to by and I went to see my friend Drew (the maitre d') and asked what was going on. He let me know that the table for four that had been empty for over an hour now was reserved for people who come to the restaurant every week and always want that table. This was much too much for me. Holding a table for an hour while people with reservations are kept waiting, must be a very Scottsdale type of crap. I travel all the time all over the world and get the opportunity to eat at holes in the wall as well as at Michelin star uppity places but have never been given this type of BS. So zero stars for front of the house!By my math the average of 5 stars and 0 stars is 2.5 stars.BTW this group of 3 diners dropped over $460. Not a bad showing for being treated like second class citizens.
5	Mastros is always our Go To place for a nice evening out. Great food and excellent service.Butter cake is hands down the best desert I have ever had.
4	The food is amazing here. The service is fantastic. The staff is always cheerful and ready to help you. If you are there during the week be sure to check out the music of Joe and Dawn! The best part is they take requests. Worth the trip up there for sure!
5	We dined with Mastros last Friday night to celebrate our engagement and 2 years together.  We were served by a wonderful man named Frank.  Of course the food and atmosphere was great.......when is it not?  that is a given.  The special thing about this night was Frank himself.  He treated us as if we stars from Beverly Hills.  Just an amazing experience with a wonderfully kind and knowledgeable man.  We made sure that next time we dine here we automatically get Frank as our server.Andrew gervase and anne mcquade
1	New ownership doesn't get it .
4	Great food and portions.  The banquet booth seating and tables are too close together where is almost not comfortable that the neighbors are listening to your diner conversation.  Take out a couple of tables please.
3	The good:The service is top shelf and the staff treats you quite well. In the Restaurant area.The Scallops dish is amazing!The atmosphere is fantasticTHE BAD:The steaks should have some seasonings on them. They were VERY plain and had very little taste. Which is fine if you like to add your own seasoning at the table. Unfortunately you only get pepper and Iodized salt. Iodized salt at a restaurant of this caliber is shameful.The Bone Marrow. Same issue. No flavors.The price! Holy cow at $60 a steak I don't feel like its a good value when my $15 steaks at home are much better.The Lobster Mashed Potatoes. We got this because so many people gave it great reviews. $25 and it was a whole bunch of flavorless mashed potatoes and a small handful of lobster that you really had to hunt for.Conclusion:I'd prefer for the steakhouse experience going to Capital Grill or if you're on a budget even The Keg. Way more bang for the buck.
1	Let me start by saying I have dined at Mastro's family restaurants over 10 times including City Hall, and Ocean Club. The last couple times I have dined at Mastro's I noticed hints that the place may be declining in quality, however this last visit solidified my suspicions and prompted this review. Note: This review is specific to the Mastro's on Pinnacle Peak. Mastro's used to be an amazing food experience complete with outstanding atmosphere and excellent service. The atmosphere and service remain excellent, however the food as it turned out has really gone downhill and quite frankly was alarmingly bad. This last trip to Mastro's at Pinnacle Peak has forever scarred me and I will never return. I am even doubting whether or not to return to Ocean Club as it is part of the same family of restaurants. The night started off poorly when the bartender didn't even take our order and there was literally no one else at the bar as we arrived at opening. We were seated for our reservations. I chose the porterhouse, and my friend the lobster. The meals were not brought out together. Inexcusable for a 5 star restaurant. 5-7 minutes later my friend's lobster was served. It was inedible. It was sopping wet and not fully cooked. My friend returned the lobster tail to be more thoroughly cooked. Meanwhile I tried my porterhouse which I ordered medium-rare. It was overcooked, and so dry I had to take sips of water in order to swallow it. When my friends lobster was brought back out it was still completely inedible. Again, raw in parts and sopping wet. The waitress was extremely apologetic, and then Mastro's mafia (earphones intact) soon came to our table to ask what was wrong. We explained the sub par quality of the food, more specifically the lobster, and earphone gentleman immediately offered my friend another lobster tail, however by this time it was already too late and we asked for the check. They again pressed us to let them make it up to us but we politely refused. We paid the check and I have not and will not ever return. I do not know what has happened to Mastro's in the past couple years, however this last trip will be just that. Dine at your own risk!
1	I made the mistake of ordering the 24 oz. roasted chicken.  It was full of bones, greasy, and probably topped out at 10 oz's oz's of chicken.  What a rip.  I should have known better.A suggestion, go to Boston Market for their excellent chicken, drive to Mastro's, eat it in their parking lot, then go in for a glass of wine.They have also raised prices on drinks by charging for tax that was not charged before.  The new owners are clueless. Also the anchovies on the Caesar salad had the nasty brown, salty ones.  A high end place like this should have the excellent white anchovies.
5	Wonderful meal.  My wife and I went to Mastro's to celebrate our anniversary.  Highlights include the scallops appetizer, shrimp cocktail, bone in filet, creamed corn, lobster mashed potatoes, and the famous butter cake dessert.  We were a bit disappointed in the Caesar and chopped salad, but everything else was absolutely wonderful.  Great wine list and perfect service.
4	Been here many times, but tonight was different. I was with two others and it was packed. Reservations for 8:45pm. We didn't get sat until almost 10pm. The hostesses were rude or less than apologetic & the waitstaff kept telling us they'd grab us another drink...never did. The bartenders were cordial and the busser; Issac was awesome...he later solved the issue and got us sat...the busser!!! It had been 2 hours, we'd had one drink and we weren't happy at all but we were never rude-just couldn't believe the terrible service we were getting. At this point I'm handing out a 1-star review, however, Issac and our new server Mark were amazing...they knew what our last two hours were like and they took good care of us. They comped a round of drinks...we were going to come back again nonetheless because this experience was a first but they still took care of the round. I think most people would have given this a 1-3 star review but Issac (21 yrs old I might add) and Mark (a seasoned vet) made all the difference. You recovered...you get 4 stars...always room for improvement.
5	Ate dinner here with some friends on Monday evening.  Mastro's was an absolute treat, put simply.  This place is a classic steakhouse in every sense of the word.  The service (Mark was our waiter) was excellent and attentive. The atmosphere was comfortable and enjoyable, and the food was superb.We started with the Seafood tower, which is as fun to look at as it is to eat.  The dry ice accents made it a great conversation piece as well as a lovely appetizer.  The salads were very good as well, but I can truly say I have never had a better steak. I ordered the bone-in filet and the flavor was absolutely remarkable.  I have been to a lot of good steakhouses across the country.  This was a step up from anything I've ever had. the lobster mash is insane. Period. We were so stuffed by the end of the meal that we opted out of the butter cake, instead choosing a creme brulee for the table. This was served with a grapefruit-sized bown of fresh qhipped cream, just for good measure. Delicious all the way around.Only two (small) negatives come to mind.  Our table ordered a round of decaf coffee to cap the evening. Mine was actually lukewarm.  Of course, the staff quickly rectified that problem with a fresh cup, and steamed it a bit to ensure it was hot. The ample wine list was a bit more expensive than I'm used to, even in other metropolitan areas.  Equivalent selections in Seattle were much less expensive than I found here. That said, you're going to pay a bunch to dine here, and you'll enjoy every minute.  Given my two (albeit minor) issues, I was going to give a 4 star review, but I din't want to leave anyone with the impression that the place was less than exceptional.
5	Grew up here, lived (steaked) all over. Most recently moved from Chicago, the city of steakhouses.I will say, without a doubt, Mastro's is my hands down favorite. Get me a ribeye, creamed spinach, and some butter cake and I will die a happy man.If you're looking for a traditional steakhouse this is the place. You will be hard pressed to find anything better.Can't wait to go back (just gotta save up!)
5	Always a great place for a special occasion, but we go because we get hungry for the amazing food that always impresses and satisfies.  Steaks and fish and all the sides are so delicious.  It's almost always pretty busy so you know they are a quality place.  It's relatively near us in North Scottsdale so we go there several times a year.  I have kids so don't visit the bar area, but that looks really nice too - for relaxing drinks and usually live music.  Great atmosphere and a little dressy - as much as you want it to be.  Of course the service is pretty much impeccable.
4	Heard so much about this place that I finally convinced the husband to take me here for our 37th wedding anniversary. I could easily give them a five star bit they failed on the background music department.  It was annoying!!!!Lets forget the music issue and focus on the service which was superb!  There were 4-5 people catering to our needs and they were most attentive. Our server was knowledgeable & talked  me into trying  the bone in steak which was as tasty as he described. The filet was very tender, almost melting in my mouth and perfectly cooked. My husband had a couple glasses of wine which he truly thought was of superior quality.  And then their signature butter cake...  Hmmmmmmm. That's all I have to say about that!!!  Our server found out that it was our anniversary and comped the butter cake!  Now that is what  I call excellent customer service!!!!
5	This is the best steak I've ever had. I've tried every other steakhouse in Scottsdale and all over the country and none compare. Price is a little high but there is a way around that, they have some very large cuts and they can be split and prepared any way you want, you can also do half size side dishes if it's just two of you. I recommend splitting the 33oz ribeye for two it's perfect and I'm not a small guy.
5	Just tried Mastro's for the first time this Christmas eve 2013 with the family. We made a reservation and upon our arrival we were seated right away. The four of us, two adults and two kids ages 11 and 6 all ordered filet mignon from the menu. The steaks were all perfectly cooked to order and the flavor and quality of the meat was second to none. The side dishes and appetizers were also quality. Yes, the prices are high, but in this day and age in order to get a top quality steak it seems one needs to pay top prices. I have tried other places such as Capitol Grill and by far Mastro's is better than the rest. I highly recommend this restaurant for top quality meat if you can afford the check. Plan on spending at least $60 per head and that is without drinks. The only negative I found was that the restaurant is quite loud so it was hard to hear my wife and kids as we tried to speak across the table to one another.  Enjoy!!!
2	Mastro's has changed and not in any way they should be proud of.  Yes the premium prices remain and yes they do a fine steak, but the new focus seems centered around the up sell.  I realize this is typical of most restaurants but Mastro's hadn't been most restaurants.  Mastro's was a place to share or celebrate a moment; the place to have that special dining experience.  Our recent meal 4 nights ago was the opposite.  Our waiter was tactless and clueless.  He asked if we wanted him to "drop a seafood tower for the table" and tried to talk one of the group out of their specific and preferred vodka drink to make a clumsy pitch for a different vodka pushed by management.  Every course presentation was more about selling than serving.  The service had previously been well timed and unobtrusive but on this occasion we were simply quick served in an attempt to cycle the table.  We even had a birthday in the group, told the waiter who asked the name and specific spelling of the birthday guest only to do absolutely nothing with that information....no song, no cake,...nothing.  Apparently a $700 tab for 6 doesn't merit such gestures.  Truly a disappointment in all regards.  If our experience represents the new Mastro's style, you would be wise to give some extra thought to where you chose to dine and celebrate.  We certainly will.
3	Been going to Mastro's for many years and it's always hands down.  BUT, this night, you order the most expensive steak, you expect it to be cooked to PERFECTION (ie) exactly as you order it!  Well, that didn't happen.  OVERCOOKED.  So of course you return it.  While the other members of our party patiently wait for the order to be right and served hot, we await so everyone can eat together.  FINALLY the correct $98.00 steak is served.  Hoping the other sides and friend's dishes have not cooled down, we are able to eat together.  Missed our normal server who is always on top of the game and very pleasant.  Our server gal seemed over-worked (maybe too many tables to handle for Debbie).  Wait for drinks....wait for dinner and then not cooked right.  Have had better experiences at this Mastros.  You expect the best when you pay the best.
5	What can I say other than they have by far the best steak and seafood in town bar none! I personally feel they are better than their sister location, Ocean Club. Their scallop app is divine! The sauce they use I sewage is the nectar of the gods. Their Chilean sea bass is always fantastic! And what girl doesn't love their petite filet? Top it off with a chocolate martini which is essentially desert in a glass. Love this place
5	This place is amazing!!! I took my girlfriend here for our anniversary and I loved it! The food was amazing the service was amazing everything was great just the way I expected. I heard a lot of good things from this place and it's true, what was supposed to be a great night turned out to be a perfect night!!! By the way the "Butter Cake" was like and orgasm in my mouth. Deff give it a try!
5	Love, love, love Mastros!  The way they cook their steaks and serve them on super hot plates is awesome. The sides are delish but the butter cake is ridiculously good. You really can't go wrong here. The steaks are top notch.
5	The best restaurant in Scottsdale!.   We love this place.   My wife ordered the AHI on the appetizer menu.    It was very large and flavorful.   Next time, I'm ordering that!
5	Absolutely the best service I have experienced at a steak house. CeCe, Monica, Micki, Raul, and the GM Phil. Top notch food, drinks and service. The top restaurant I have dined.
4	As close to five stars as it gets. All the dinning aspects are covered. Every staff member is passionately dedicated to your dining experience. The training is evident and  obviously extensive. There is not a misstep anywhere. The wine glasses are polished. The place setting are aligned like soldiers. These are not subjective observations, but factual.   Now, IMHO, the very best shrimp cocktail anywhere is at Mastros. Yeah, surprising at a desert restaurant. Gargantuan U7 shrimp are cold, shinny and snap crisp every time. Add the knock-your-sox-off Atomic horseradish to enhance the experience. Finish with Mastros perfect twenty buck mega Martinis. Yeah, you get the shaker with and other pour. It's really two drinks and a value.
5	Came here for Valentine's day with my boyfriend. It was VERY crowded and we were sitting pretty close to the table next to us, but that is to be expected for Valentine's day. I was just happy to get a reservation! This place is pretty in demand for holidays. So I ordered the lobster bisque to start and then for my main course I got the Petit Filet 8oz and my boyfriend ordered the Pepper Steak 12oz. We also got the green beans, mashed potatoes, and gouda mac and cheese and the butter cake for dessert. Let me start by saying we got waaay too much food. The food here is very filling. The lobster bisque was one of the best I've had. It had whole lobster in it and the stock was very creamy. I ordered my meat rare and it was sooo good. They didn't overcook it and the meat was so tender and juicy. All the sides were seasoned perfectly even though it was very crowded for Valentine's day. Then dessert came. We were pretty full but we felt like we HAD to try the butter cake. BELIEVE ME IT IS WORTH IT! It was so moist and delicious. Topped with delicious berries. yumm. The dinner was pricey, but it was definitely a night I won't forget.
5	My wife and I went here for our 1 Year Anniversary and needless to say she was pleasantly surprised. I've been to this location once before years ago but never Yelped about it and it was wonderful to go back. I had the unbelievable New York Pepper Steak there and my wife the Scottish Salmon. We had the garlic mashed potatoes and also the fresh broccoli as our sides. Our water Jerry really took good care of us from our beverages of choice to compliment our meals and my wife's salad was also very good. I ordered the shrimp cocktail and thankfully Jerry warned me about the straight up nosebleed horseradish! Jerry was just amazing. If you ever go to Mastro's be sure to ask for him, actually anyone there will do well, we just loved Jerry to pieces for everything. He was very down to earth and attentive. It was an extraordinary culinary experience and thanks to him, we had a celebration of flavors wetting our pallets. Sadly though the night had to carry on and we were blessed with Matro's amazing Butter Cake after our entrees. I'm glad that we booked for 5pm because around 545 it really started to pack in. We felt we had the entire restaurant to ourselves for a while and just savored how fast the first year of our marriage went. My steak melted in my mouth and my wife's salmon was perfect. Oh and the shrimp cocktail? Well those prawns were by no means thin! LOL! They were a meal unto themselves! I can't say enough about this place. We left happy and content and were more than happy to leave Jerry a substantial tip because he made us feel like family. The food could have been absolutely horrible, but because of this good man, he would have made a negative meal experience disappear. Yes, he was that good! He actually said goodbye and thanked us for being his guests. Classy. On Spot. Positive. Thank you so much Jerry and Mastro's we'll be back again another day soon! You made our Anniversary memorable!
5	WOW!!  Very funky, eclectic atmosphere.  You step into something that looks like it came from the 40's.  Dark, rich, classy.  Everything you read in previous reviews is true.  I ordered a Cosmo that was ok..too much orange flavor but the presentation was crazy.  Dry ice that made it bubbly over.  Our waiter, Tobias was wonderful. Very knowledgeable about the restaurant, wine, steaks, menu.  He was funny and friendly.  They really treat you like someone special.  I had the 12oz. Bone in filet and my husband the 16oz.  One of the best steaks ever!  Unbelievable flavor.  Delicious Brussel sprouts and green beans as sides.  Because they knew it was our anniversary they comped us a butter cake.  You're so stuffed but you do manage to shove a few bites of the decadent cake and whipped cream down your mouth!!!  Super dining experience..wish they had this restaurant in Northern California.  Highly recommend.
5	Completely fabulous ambiance. On the expensive side but worth it because the food is phenomenal and the service is awesome. Live music one night and it felt like aConcert, completely awesome talent. Very chic and food is perfect.
2	We have always gone to Mastro's  for special and not so special days. Alway enjoyed our dining experience. We were there for my Wife's 60th birthday on April 26th. As usual the food was great. What was not was the service. I brought a party of 12 people. So needless to say it was an expensive evening. In the past we would have 2 sometimes three servers attending to our needs. This time barely one. It really made for an unpleasant evening. Masto's if you are trying to cut staff to save $$$. It will kill your reputation.
5	Couldn't have been better. Our waiter, Tobias, was genuine and helpful. Being in my mid 20s, I will admit I may not be the most profitable guest, but he even offered the half side of garlic mashed. The steak, served medium to my liking, was the best in the valley. Hands down. Inside was an older crowd and had a bit older feel, but the overall dining experience couldn't have been better. I have high expectations with Mastro's and they have never disappointed.
5	We came to Mastro's from out of town based on a review that if the person who wrote the review had one last meal request it would be from here and we must say Mastro's did NOT disappoint!! Service was excellent, management was friendly and attentive and the food.....MY GOD!!! If everything in life tasted this good we'd all be more willing to %^#*+ more things!!!   Tim was our waiter and had great recommendations and was funny, entertaining and attentive but not annoying!!  Stuffed Mushrooms, Blackened Sea Bass, Filet, Mushroom side, Gorgonzola Mac N Cheese & Butter Cake that's better than, well almost anything!  If you've already passed it, turn around it's well worth it!!!
4	Great food, great service and the steak is really good.   The things I would AVOID are the Lobster Mashed potatoes and the lobster sushi roll both of which are boring.   But lobster can be boring without sticking it in butter.  But the other veggies are great. Also, if it's your birthday and you don't specify which desert you want,  they bring you a boring dry chocolate cake that you pay for.
5	Food, service, and atmosphere were amazing...5 star all the way!  I have to say it was the best steak I have ever had, we were treated like royalty and went home with a lot of food.  We had Giuseppe as our waiter and  he completed the experience.
4	My husband and I decided to get Mastros to-go (we didn't have a babysitter so we put the kiddos to bed and pretended to be having a nice dinner out). The process was super streamlined and easy to use. The food was tasty (yes, even to-go). Tried the bone in filet, cream corn, wedge salad and garlic mashed potatoes. Steak was cooked perfectly, juicy and flavorful. The sides were good but nothing to write home about. We would probably do this again, in the future, and found the price to be pretty reasonable. Overall, a good experience!
5	At first I had sticker shock. At the end of the evening I had no buyers remorse. I had the ribeye and my wife had the filet. Both were tasty and cooked perfect. Surprisingly the sides were above all expectations. The scallop potatoes were the best i have ever had, the texture and flavor were amazing. I would recommend the sprouts as well. With that being said the service was better than the food!
5	This place has a great vibe,  because of that I do think I prefer it over Ruth's Chris.  We started with a cocktail, we had mojitos which were really good.  For dinner I had the large cut of filet, ordered it medium well but it came out a little closer to medium but it was really terrific.   My husband had the 22 oz ribeye and really liked it as well.  For sides we split a baked potato and the fantastic creamed spinach.We didn't do salads or appetizer because we weren't quite hungry enough.  We both had more than a meal leftover to bring home.  Next time I will get the smaller filet.  We had a great server and I am annoyed with myself for not writing this two weeks ago when we went because now I have forgotten his name.It was my birthday so they served the butter cake, it is definitely worth trying.  The fresh  whipped cream is totally yummy.We had a really nice time, it was relaxed, fun and the food was really good.  We are looking forward to going back and will probably try the lounge.Two entrees, two sides, two cocktails and a bottle of wine was about $250.  It was a good value for the quality, service and atmosphere.
5	My wife and I have been vacationing in the Phoenix area for the past 10 years. Early on, the concierge at our resort recommended Mastros Steakhouse as a special place to celebrate our wedding anniversary so we tried it. We absolutely love this restaurant and we make a reservation every time we are in town. The food is always superb and the service is first class. They make you feel welcome and special. Last week our entire family of 24 people gathered in Phoenix for a group vacation. We wanted to start the week with a very special meal, so naturally we chose Mastros. Gina was very helpful in making the arrangements ahead of time and found a way to make all of our requests possible. We were given our own private room with an adjoining outdoor terrace. It rained that evening so we weren't able to enjoy the terrace but we had so much fun that no one even noticed. I had requested two servers who we know from our previous visits. One of them was on vacation and unavailable but Jamie came in to work (on her day off!) to take care of us. She and Giuseppe (and all of the staff) provided service that was above and beyond our expectations. Several members of our group eat fairly regularly at fine dining establishments and all said that Mastros provided by far the best food and service they had ever enjoyed. No doubt, it is expensive but it's great value for the money. If you are looking for a first class dining experience in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, give Mastros a call!
3	I went to the restaurant last week for the first time in 4 years and sat in the bar. The food was great and the bartender was really doing a great job. He was all over us and did a great job. We left fat and happy. Tonight we decided to go back. We took our son and sat in the dining room.  Our server did not seem right... Like a little out of it.  Sure enough he brought pimento olives instead of blue cheese in my martini.  We moved on to dinner and he brought broccoli instead of brussel sprouts. Seriously!  Please go out and hire people that meet our expectations for the price!
5	I had a petite filet (8oz) medium rare $40 Cooked to perfection. I got a small potion of the lobster mashed potatoes $26 instead of $40 still good portion to share for two people! The mashed potatoes are great because of the large chunks of lobster but once you eat those pieces the potatoes are average. I had the butter cake for $16 it comes drizzled in raspberry sauce with fruit and homemade whip cream! Honestly, one of the best deserts I've ever had. I was in a rush to catch a flight home but had to eat here before leaving. My server was super attentive and friendly got me in and out perfect timing! I would recommend this place for special occasions and when u have time to enjoy the atmosphere!
1	Worst steak I ever had,I had the New York strip,my wife had the fillet mignon, we shared a lobster bisque ,asparagus,and cream of spinach. Great place atmosphere servers all the way down to the barbacks.  The next morning I had stomach cramps,and sick as a dog.i couldn't e,at for two days,just starting to feel better.i hate you MASTROS.
2	Let me start by saying the staff was GREAT!  our server was awesome, hostess was great, and the backwaiters were all great!  The food itself was dissapointing.  We started with the smoked salmon, shrimp cocktail & stuffed mushrooms.  The smoked salmon was ok, but barely any smoke flavor came thru, shrimp cocktail was average, nothing special, and the stuffed mushrooms were very bland, just not much to them.  We then had the lobster bisque, wedge, french onion soup & caprese salad.  The lobster bisque was very good, the wedge was also good, the french onion soup was average and the caprese salad was disappointing.  All of the steaks were good, not great, but good, and at $50-$60 a steak, I do expect my steak to be as good or better then I can make at home, but again, wasn't blown away.  The sides were disappointing, the mac and cheese was a big lump of cheese, not a creamy consistent sauce, but a stuck together lump of cheese & noodles.  The crab & Nocchi side was bland, no flavor, tasted like flour & sauce, garlic mashed potatoes were good.  Overall not what I expected from a steakhouse that had been reviewed so well.  As someone who cooks all the time, I may be a little critical, but when I spend over $400 on dinner, I would like to be blown away, and I wasn't, not even close.
5	There are plenty of steakhouses in this area, but Mastro's (especially this location) is at the very top of the list.  When it comes to this level of steakhouse you need to split hairs to distinguish one from another.  Consequently, I will give a very few other local steakhouses a "top of the list" rating.The atmosphere is very good-beautiful, a little energetic, consummately professional, yet not stiff or "stuffy".The drinks are very well made and the bar is quite efficient.Then, the seafood tower of selected premium seasonal shellfish is the best in town.The steaks here are truly world class (wet aged, prime, grain fed) and always perfectly prepared.I think I have tasted all of the side dishes and all are wonderful, but if you ever crave fries, this is the place to indulge yourself.I believe they have the best bread basket in the city.What more could you want in a steakhouse except maybe a great late-night bar scene--?  Well, they have that too.Final thought:  Mastro's is consistently awesome.
5	We had a group of five for a business dinner. We had reservations and had an excellent server. We ordered a bottle of wine, two appetizers, two salads, three sides to share, and dessert, in addition to our entrees. We ordered shrimp cocktail, escargot, Caesar salad, chopped salad, Bone-In-Filet, creamed spinach, scalloped potatoes, steamed asparagus, and Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake. Everything was exceptional and we all left happy! It was one of the best steaks I have had.
5	My wife wanted great seafood so the concierge at our hotel recommended either of the Scottsdale Mastro's. Their seafood restaurant didn't have any availability, so we went here and I am SO glad we did. First, I hate to admit that I had never heard of Mastro's. I have hit all of the other national chain steakhouses...but never Mastro's. I had the bone-in filet and while I have had a bone-in filet before, this one was the best steak I ever remember having. The sides were wonderful and the dessert was provided by the concierge at our hotel and it was great also. Just GO!
5	a-m-a-z-i-n-g!!
5	We dined here for the first time for our tenth anniversary.  It was a good decision.  The service was impeccable..and the food was fantastic.  Just make sure you have a very full wallet when choosing to dine here. It certainly will be a special occasion place.The ambiance and decor is great.  The only complaint we had was the music being played was too loud and not very relaxing.  We did say something to the waiter about it, and he said if he could make those kind of decisions, he wouldn't be a waiter!  The waiter was informative and made some great suggestions, which we took and were glad we did.We were served a fantastic desert that had Happy Ten year Anniversary written on the plate in chocolate! It was delish and so nice of them to honor us and our special time.  The only other down side for me was visiting the restroom.  There was an attendant in there, which makes me uncomfortable.  And I did not take my purse with me so was unable to tip and I could see the disappointment on her face.  I don't need any help in the bathroom.  Thank you!You can't go wrong here.  The steaks were fantastic and everything was taken care of with great service. Almost too much hoovering by the staff!  But we are not used to dining like this.I would recommend for any special occasion, but take lots of $$ with you!
5	Drinks and appetizers were so yummy Had the steak carpaccio amd shrimp with garlic toast. Absolutely delicious! The staff was so sweet and friendly. Came as a tourist but wish I could return!
5	My daughter and I were in last night for a special New Years dinner and  They made it happen! Strong work! I will go back again!
4	You get what you pay for.   Perfectly cooked  food ,  great service  attention to every detail.  We had steaks and seafood at our table and everything was great!!!  ( note:  they didn't have wild salmon , and to me it had a bit of a fishy taste, but the person who ordered it liked it a lot so I can't complain... Ps ya go to a steak house get a steak. :). .For special occasions or doe those that don't have to worry about money you can't go wrong with mastros.
