4	A yummy gourmet pizza joint near downtown without a 2 hour wait!  Humble Pie has a decent selection of fancy pizzas and one pizza is most certainly large enough for two people to share.  The menu clearly states that they don't want you to substitute any ingredients...which is a little annoying for a vegetarian.The cream of the crop at this place is their french fries - they come piled high and are flavored with garlic, lemon, cheese and red pepper flakes...oh man.  I can't believe I ate the whole thing.We had great service here, and my water-loving boyfriend never had an empty glass - seriously, he drinks so much water. So, I just wanted to give the server and bus boy props for that!  For the people who were fans of The Living Room (who was the previous occupant in this building), there is a little menu of "Living Room Favorites" that they will still serve you.  I didn't order anything from it, but I thought that was a nice added extra.
4	After a quick 3hr round of golf, an ice cold Raj IPA from four peaks, Sicilian pizza and BLT pizza hit the spot perfectly. The telltale sign for tasty pizza for me is crust and sauce.  This place gets really high marks for both, in fact the crust is just darn good and chewy. Tempura green beans were a really nice surprise as well. Probably my second favorite place for appetizer/side dish veggies after The Grind. Service was spot on, atmosphere is way more fun than the previous Treinte Cinque(granted I never got to this location when it was The Living Room).  Now you may think we're getting a tad saturated with pizza places (cibo, Bianco, brick, oreganos, Zpizza, mama Mia, aiellos's, parlor, et al.), As do I, but this place is top tier and stays in the rotation.
2	My boyfriend and I went on Friday night at about 9:15.  Humble Pie closes at 10, so I can understand a bit of briskness in service.  No biggie.  We were seated, decided on the caprese appetizer and the pistachio pizza.  When our appetizer came, it was a wide soup bowl with about an inch of olive oil in the bottom, a glob of mozzarella, about a half cup of basil pesto, 4 cherry tomatoes and a few slices of bread.  The mozzarella was so tough, we had to use a knife to cut it.  Trying to skewer little, round tomatoes one they've been rolling around in a bath of oil proved to be one of the least glamorous things I've done in a long time.  After wrestling with the appetizer for about 3 minutes, our pizza was brought to us, and it was COVERED in rosemary.  Now, I like spices as much as the next girl, but there was enough on the pizza to actually change the texture.  After eating half of each dish between the two of us, we decided to leave, sans take-out boxes.  My vote is leave the pizza to places like Cibo, P. Bianco and others who have proved themselves.  And as a side-note, please update the music selection for the folks who do dine there.  Bad 90's pop sprinkled with radio commercials isn't a help to the experience.
5	LOVE IT!!! LOVE IT!!!!!!! LOVE IT!!!!!! Have been wanting to check it out for some time. Got the Groupon cuz they opened one right close to home! Hurray! Can't wait to go back. Their pizza;s are THE BEST!!!!! Happy hour beers are fantastic too. Loved our waiter.
2	I was going to let it pass and not write anything until I got up motivation to give them another chance but after the couple of amazing afterglow reviews I had to write to give warning: "Your experience may differ. "  We arrived after 9 and despite their closing at 10, if not exactly feeling of leisure, there was not one of being rushed, though we had a feeling the kitchen was.  Food, 2 pizzas, arrived promptly, one good, the goat cheese pizza, though have had better for less elsewhere, the other with prosciutto, "extra crispy".  Blackened burnt crust utterly devoid of any trace of moisture - dry dry dry.  Hard & brittle. Liked the general ambiance though rather dark to read the menus and the noise level was rather high.  Service was decent and fast.  After having just recently made first visit to the Parlor however, it was a poor showing by comparison as far as taste & price.  "Gourmet" indeed.   Based on this one single visit, to paraphrase a quote mis-attributed to Winston Churchill, Humble Pie has much to be humble about.  I'll give them another chance, but probably not until there's another Groupon or Monsoon Deal.
2	Sooo uh. What is the big deal with this place? Had a groupon which I bought (10 for 20) and went here with my roomate. Pizzas are 13-14$ so 2 of them would put us over the groupon. Was there at happy hour and drinks were 4$ for specialty drinks and appetizers were half off. Ordered a lemoncello margarita which was awful, it tasted like sweet and sour mix that was filled 70% with sour mix and then had 30% more sour mix poured on top. BLEH. After my drink arrived the server comes up and lets me know that the appetizer and my drink are not happy hour price because im using a groupon. I tell him to hold the appetizer as its 8$ instead of 4$, but since i've drank some of my drink feel bad about sending it back....turned around the sour mix drink was 8$ instead of 4$...DOH!. Ok enough with the sucky nickle and dime stuff...on to the food and taste. I had the Prosciutto and pear pizza and my roomate had pepperoni, both were good but not amazing. Not what I expect from a $14 personal pizza. If I had a choice between this place or a place like Pizzaria Bianco or The Parlor I would never go here again. Oh well, that is what Groupon is for right? trial and error? Hopefully I can save someone the trouble of coming here.
3	Wasn't too sure about this location as we stood in the doorway unseated and ungreeted for about 5 minutes, but that was where our doubts ALMOST ended. The server turned out to be AWESOME and took extra care to bring our kids large lidded drinks and their food first. He had great recommendations for food and beer; our food came out fast, and our drinks never wanted for refills. Unfortunately, the pizzas were pretty much burnt to Hell; the parts that weren't were delicious - it was just too bad! I was disappointed that they didn't offer to replace the pizzas or discount the check after we complained considering we were scraping the burnt bubbles away most of the meal and we ended up wasting half the pizza. We started with the fries and chilled green beans (DELICIOUS as usual), split the Shreiner's and Pear and Proscuitto Pizza (SUPER burnt), and ended with the Pizza Cookie (a most EXCELLENT recommendation from the server). Overall a decent meal and we'll probably be back IF they can get their oven temps under control!
5	The pizzas are amazing and very creative. You may have to tell them to go easy on the "char" because they have almost burned a few pizzas but I would recommend. Their wings on the appetizer menu are real tasty.
2	Yelpers giving this place four or five stars are either seriously misguided, don't have refined pallets, or simply haven't tried Bianco or Cibo.  This place was over priced, had fairly poor service, and the pizza just wasn't that good.I ordered the sausage pizza.  The sausage was pretty bland.  They also screwed up my order by adding onions when I didn't ask for them.  I've had my order messed up on pizzas before by having toppings left off, but never added on that I simply didn't order.  Found that strange.  I would have sent it back, but the waiter didn't check to see how everything was until about fifteen minutes after the food was brought to the table.I'd give Humbe Pie 1.5 stars if I could, but rounded up since it is better than Dominos and Pizza Hut.  I went after buying the GroupOn coupon, but won't be returning.
1	My third time here and all kept getting more disappointing than the previous. The pizza has a rock-hard crust. First visit I had the roasted mushroom pizza. I really don't want al dente fungus on a pizza. Second visit I had the Mac n Cheese. You have to step your game up for Mac n Cheese in this neighborhood. I guess if you like really salty Mac n Cheese, this is your place. Third visit, the egg pizza. Seriously, after being open for a couple months, have your oven dialed in so not to dislocate your jaw trying to eat the crust. Total disappointment for a needed neighborhood pizza joint. They do have good beer prices for happy hour. That's a positive.
3	Pretty decent, if not spectacular pizza. We're spoiled by having a few really great pizza places in town. Humble Pie isn't there yet, but it's still a pretty nice dinner.Intentionally or not, the place still has the same vibe as The Living Room which occupied the space until earlier this year. It's a very welcoming place and the staff has always been very friendly.The variety here is what makes the cut. If you're making pizza like this, add something other than the same three or four pizzas I can get at any restaraunt. The Pear Pizza and the Egg Pizza here (among others) provide enough variety to keep me curiously coming back.Their non-pizza items are also quite decent, but nothing notable.On my most recent visit, I tried the egg pizza with Italian bacon. The crust was perhaps just a bit overdone, but still had a nice crisp consistency on the bottom with a slight buttery fluff on the outside. The toppings blended well and made for a very rich pizza. so much so that I had to ask for some to go home.The prices are maybe just a hair high, but not unacceptably so. This place won't spring to mind first when I recommend pizza in Phoenix, but the good service and decent variety will assure that I probably come back again.
4	The crust on the pies is wonderful... had a more traditional choice (pepperoni and artichoke) and a new combo (the buffalo wing) both were wonderful. the Caesar salad was fine, nothing to faint about... and the Brushetta was nice. The beer selection is a bit lame, but I'll survive. My only complaint would be that the two times we've been here, the food shows up too quickly... needs to be timed out better so we don't feel rushed. Glad we have yet another interesting place in the Hood to add to our list of go to places.
1	As a downtowner, there are far too many amazing pizza joints to choose from for me to even consider wasting my money at Humble Pie ever again. The food is OK, but your time is much better spent at Cibo, Bianco, Z Pizza, or even Pinot's! AMBIANCE: First off, the ambiance is seriously lacking. Small, boring space with bad lighting and poor music selection. Also, nasty smelling bathrooms. Thanks, but no thanks. DRINKS: Secondly, they serve up a HORRIBLE $9 lukewarm cocktail that tastes like pickle juice and vodka, masquerading as a cucumber gin libation. BEYOND disgusting. Shocked at first sip, I was too turned off to try any of their other specialty cocktails. Thankfully, they let me swap this disaster of a drink out for a nice glass of chardonnay. FOOD: As for appetizers, they were out of the teppanyaki green beans we wanted to try. The Calabrese salad was decent, but nothing to write home about, certainly not capable of rivaling the likes of what they serve up at Postino's. The steak turkey chili was underwhelming... in fact, the only decent option worth mentioning are the garlic fries.Pizzas were acceptable, but they won't split your order. My husband and I wanted to order half a Schriner's Sausage and half Pear Gorgonzola, no such luck. This place is one of the ONLY pizza joints I've visited in town that won't accommodate a half and half order. Super disappointing.OVERALL: The icing on this giant lackluster cake was their refusal to honor the coupons we brought in. We came in for dinner with some neighbors of ours, all of us lured by the prospect of spending $20 and receiving a free pizza. Unfortunately, after telling the waiter about our coupons from the beginning, and ordering WELL over $20 per couple, we were told at the very end that only one of our coupons would be honored. Needless to say, we were all extremely let down by this entire experience, and will definitely NOT be back. Ridiculous waste of $50 (coupon and all)!
1	I was excited to try this place on our side of town as we've had takeout from another location and loved it. We came in and there was a wait for a two top. No biggie, we both got a glass of wine and waited just a short while before our table opened up. We sat down having had maybe 4 sips of our wine. We waited. And waited. We had our wine....But no menus. I joked that it was like Costa Rica and the slow service there. I was in a good mood and happy to sit down after a long day on my feet. Still with the waiting.No... STILL MORE with the waiting!Now it was not funny anymore and we were being completely ignored. I checked my clock and it was 7:57pm. Clearly not a closing time issue. I tried to assuage my companion by telling him how tired I used to get after a big rush and they were probably trying to catch their breath. Yeah... that argument only holds weight for so long before you realize you've still been sitting there with a glass of wine from the bar and NO MENUS OR ANY ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FROM ANYONE. Seriously the guy who seated us was really nice. Where was he?A girl came around and put place settings out at 4 tables. ALL AROUND US. Still. No service. Fuck. Are you kidding me? I was seriously patient. I know what working in the service industry is like. This is ridiculous. "If we finish our glasses of wine and no one has said a single word to us... we are leaving". "But you are not allowed to chug your wine". "Deal".{{{insert witty conversation for 5 minutes}}}Alright. All done. We have not sped up our drinking. We were very fair and patient... up we go. And we left. Would you have done anything different?
3	I went with friends on a saturday night and only had to wait for about 5 min. The place is really small. Friendly wait staff. I had a glass of white sangria. Loved it! I liked the selection of different pizza. I had the chicken parm. and tomatoe basil. Tomatoe basil was borning and the other was a little dry. Mabey because that's from the thin crust. The brushetta was good but it came as 2 slices of bread. Not the cute little bite size pieces. I would go back and try a different pizza and some other menue choices.
3	So I had bought a groupon for this location right as it was changing from the Living Room to Humble Pie. Then, as the reviews came in, I started to dread going here... I was kind of scared that I made the wrong decision. Well, we went tonight and honestly, I'm glad we went. It's not because it was super awesome, but they do have some super awesome fantastic garlic fries! These things were good. They were garlicky, spicy, and lemon -y. Soooo good. I'd come back just for these. The rest of the food was pretty meh. We got the tomato bruschetta and it was ok, but the bread they use is too soft and got soggy and the balsamic was watery. We also got a margharita pizza (mostly to go, but we each had a slice there) and it kind of tasted like the frozen pizza you can get at trader joe's. So not awesome, and with so many excellent pizza places in the area, this would not be my first or even like tenth choice.... But they were nice to us, even though we came in at like 9 pm and the fries! yum. Maybe try happy hour?
3	It's Sunday night and I'm craving gourmet pizza.  Where do I go?  Cibo?  CLOSED.  Pizzeria Bianco?? CLOSED.  Parlor??? CLOSED.  Soooo... I decide to try Humble Pie.I wanted to love Humble Pie.  I really did.  It has really good company on that stretch of 7th Street between Virginia and McDowell (The Main Ingredient is next door; America's Taco Shop is close by and I've heard great things about the Coronado Cafe), but Humble Pie just... falls short.4 stars for location; 4 stars for ambiance (very chic); 5 stars for service (so friendly!), but - maybe - 2 stars for the actual pizza?  The crust had a great texture (lightly crispy exterior, but nicely chewy), but no flavor.  The pizza was over sauced and the sauce tasted like it came from a can.  The cheese was good and the basil was actually exceptional (which threw me off because they present it shredded, and I am used to nice, whole leaves on Margherita pizzas).  The cumulative effect?  OKAY pizza.If it was a Sunday and I HAD to have pizza, might I go to this place again?  Maybe.  But I'd probably just wait 'til the next day and get one of those proven pizza pies from places close by - Cibo or Pizzeria Bianco.
4	Heard that they are the owners of Living Room (which I love) and noticed that they turned the Phoenix location into Humble Pie. Boyfriend and I went and got salad, pizza and fondue. A little birdie told me you might be getting rid of the fondue...DONT! I love it!
4	I had previously visited the humble pie in Scottsdale a few years ago and was slightly underwhelmed, so I was not making a mad rush to try the new location in Phx.  I did purchase a groupon and on a lazy Sunday night the bf and I decided to head over for pizza.  We were seated immediately, the service was excellent, attentive, and very courteous.  We started with the green beans which were fantastic!  Perfectly seasoned, crispy, and a nice dipping sauce.  We then got two different pizzas, one with the schreiner's sausage, one marg with goat cheese added.  Both were fantastic, the crust was perfectly crisp on the outside, nice and chewy on the inside.  I had just visited parlor the week before and I could not say the same for the pizza crust there sadly.  We had a few glasses of wine, and with the groupon deal it was totally reasonable and I would return for sure!  They have live music on the patio Saturday nights also.
5	Love this place! I had always wanted to try its predecessor restaurant, The Living Room (which I believe was owned by the same people), but I never got around to it.  Shortly after Humble Pie opened in its place, a Groupon came out, so it was perfect timing to try it.  We bought two Groupons, and I'm so glad we did.The first time we went, we ordered the shrimp pizza and the mac and cheese, and split both. The food came SO fast after we ordered it, and the pizza was fresh out of the brick oven. The shrimp pizza was so tasty, and the mac and cheese was sinfully rich and good. The second time, we went a bit lighter. The fiance ordered the chili (which is a holdover item from The Living Room menu - we had intended to try it before the Living Room closed) and a sandwich. I ordered a caprese appetizer. The chili was really good - I ended up eating half of it even though I thought I didn't want any. The caprese was soooo delicious. The mozzarella was super creamy and high quality, and the pesto was incredible. I would go back just for the caprese alone, but will certainly go back for the pizza, too. The prices are good - not the cheapest around, but definitely high quality ingredients and preparation for the money.
5	Great food & great service!  We were originally heading to Rice Paper for some pho but got sidetracked by the idea of pizza and decided to check out Humble Pie since I had heard good things about it.  We split the veggie salad and goat cheese pizza.. both were fantastic! Our watier was kind enough to warn us that the large salad was huge and he was right - the small version was what other restaurants call a dinner size and it was more than enough to share as an app.  When our waiter accidently forgot to bring out my boyfriends beer (which was really no big deal) he followed up with a complimentary drink as well as a small beer for me "so I didn't feel left out" :) We really aren't the type to care about a lost drink order but it's really nice when someone goes out of their way like that.  We will definitely be back, probably often!
5	One of my new favorite neighborhood joints. Service was attentive, and listened almost too well. But that was okay, we got two delicious pizzas out of it, and the accommodated to us with the bill, too. I fell in love with their balsamic vinaigrette on the strawberry and gorgonzola salad. Only complaint is that if you choose to get chicken on your half salad, they give you a whole breast - it feels off balance!The mixed drinks were delicious, and flavorful instead of cloyingly sweet like many places make them. The pomegranate martini was incredible, and the limoncello margarita will continue to give me wet dreams. Swearz.The fact that I can get egg on pizza, and that they locally source ingredients creates many points in my book! I loved the place! The environment was perfect to facilitate conversation as well!OH! And Cameron, the guitarist? I am a fan! I can't find him online!
4	This is a great urban restaurant that offers pizza, pasta, sandwiches and burgers... I had the $9.99 lunch special that included a pizza and bowl of soup (they let you pick any kind of pizza you want for no extra charge... so I got the meatball pizza - YUMMY). Both were great ; the only down side was a 10 minute wait to get a table.  I'll be back soon.
5	Great experience at humble pie thanks to Alex the bartender.   What a great time.  Alex made us feel welcome and suggested food, drinks while chatting .  He is the reason we will be going back and making it a regular favorite spot.
4	Although not even close to my first choice for Phoenix Pizza, I wasn't at all disappointed with Humble Pie.  As I remember it, the pizza was great and they had enough beers on tap to make me happy.
5	I'm a regular here and it's entirely because of Alex, the super-friendly bartender.  This guy always has a smile, a quick joke, and ridiculously contagious laughter, not to mention the best service I've ever gotten from a bartender.  He always remembers my drink!  The guy will see me walking across the parking lot and have my beer poured and waiting for me as I walk in the door. He is why I keep coming back.  Although this is a restaurant, primarily the bar is what's up -- a local hangout with a sense of camaraderie unparalleled.  I've never met so many friendly, chatty people at a bar before.  The happy hour specials are score (Kiltlifter and Guiness on tap for $2.50 a pint?!), and if you're looking for some snacks to back that liquor then go for the uber-garlicky fries, the tempura green beans, or the good ol' fashioned pepperoni pizza.Humble Pie Happy Hour!
3	Went last night with a group of friends.Service was good,food was good,location was good and parking was decent.Why not more stars?The price point in my opinion was just a tad high.I ordered the mac and cheese which was very good,but the portion was on the small side.My dining companions ordered a myriad of items.Pizza,chili,burger etc.everyone enjoyed their food.I should have had the burger though because it came with a mountain of fries.When I was done with the modest serving of mac and cheese I was still hungry.So,since we were alarge party,that percentage thing is lopped on top of the bill so my modest meal and soda ended up costing me 20 bucks...I will go back,but not with a large party and I will try a burger or pizza.
1	On January 4, twenty of my friends and I had a dinner at Humble Pie on 7th Street.Two days before the date, I spoke to someone who took my original reservation for 15 w/o any problems. I also informed her that we will want separate checksI'm sure, to which she said that it wouldn't be a problem. On 1/4 around 2 p.m.., I called again to confirm the reservation at 5 p.m. and also informed the guy on the other line that the reservation will now be for 20 not 15. He said it wouldn't be a problem, but noticed that the note on the reservation said "separate checks." He then said that Humble Pie CANNOT do separate checks for groups of 8+ because that's their policy. I wish that I was given the correct information when I first called because that would've changed my decision to have the dinner there. Some of my guests were just going to stop by and not stay long for dinner. At that point, it was too late to find a place and inform all 20 guests of the change, so I stuck with it. But for the record, I was already annoyed that a staff member did not know an important restaurant policy that should've been ingrained from the firstday of training. The reasoning I was given for the "one check policy" was: "You only have one server for the evening...". That sounded like a recipe for poor customer service.Well, that's pretty much what we got that evening.1. As a guest was finishing up his Kiltlifter, he noticed that there was a piece of "ice" at the bottom of the glass, which he thought was odd for beer. As he got the piece of "ice" in his mouth, he realized it was a piece of broken glass. Luckily, my guest is so even-keeled that when he informed our waitress that evening of the broken glass, he didn't make a big fuss and just told the waitress to inform the bartender in case there are other shards lying around. She said that earlier in the day, a glass or two did break/shatter and the piece was probably one of the remnants. My other friend then got worried and checked her Kiltlifter from the bottom and noticed that the bottom of her pint glass was cracked. The incident was clearly NOT the waitresses' fault and she quickly told us that both beers will not be charged. My guests were grateful and they each received another pint of Kiltlifter. Luckily, my guest didn't order a diet Coke first, which is his usual, because if he had, he wouldn't have even seen that piece of glass coming, and probably sucked on it like ice. But he didn't make a fuss because well, sh*t happens.2. Then the SAME guest ordered his burger with no cheese because of dairy allergies. Everyone ordered pizza or wings. People got their food served, but an HOUR AND A HALF after he placed his order, he still hadn't gotten his burger. Again, the waitress was apologetic but at that point he didn't want the burger. You would think that they'd give him extra attention after the glass incident, but no. He didn't say anything because that isn't his personality and he knew that I would be upset. And since it was my birthday dinner he didn't make a fuss to ruin the evening. Some of my guests asked for water and that was a little difficult to get, too. 3. After all this inconvenience, we were hoping that they could honor our request for separate checks. But there were inconsistencies--some were granted that request and then some were not. Frustrating! To be honest, she was good for the most part doing her job solo. She probably would've gotten a 20+% gratuity anyway from each of the guestNow imagine this concept, if there were maybe  2 servers or maybe 1 1/2 servers for our party, the poor service wouldn't have happened. One of them would've noticed that while everyone else was eating, one guest wasn't. Our waitress was not only waiting on our tables but other tables as well.Humble Pie, look at it from our perspective: my guest, who sucked on a piece of broken glass and was not served his burger (but instead a consolation pepperoni pizza, which, according to the waitress, was ordered but she can't figure out who ordered it, but it didn't matter anyway because my guest is allergic to dairy) was forced to pay part of the gratuity that was included in the bill. For bad service.And we're not faulting the waitress, who was working her a** off that evening, we fault poor management. I think you've done her a disservice because she seems awesome, but physically, you can only do so much. I've supported this establishment when it was The Living Room and I wanted to support  Humble Pie because I support local. Sometimes good food is not enough.  Anyone can get "good food" anywhere and they are plentiful out there, but selling an experience is an art. I'm not complaining because I'm asking for compensation or a freebie. But I am asking you to consider how you manage the restaurant.
3	Heard about this place and wanted to check it out. Walked in and was told to take a seat anywhere. Was kinda limited on where to sit since a bunch of tables were not cleaned and had dishes still sitting on the tables from previous patrons. So we sat down at a clean table and waited to be greeted....and waited...finally about 10 minutes or so someone finally came by to take our drink order. It was definitely not busy. So we got a couple beers-some good beers on tap. Got the bruschetta and was very disappointed. I think I could make it better at my own home, but I knew they were known for there pizza so I went onto the next. Got a basic margarita pizza and it was good. Liked that the best of my visit there. I am a lover of ranch and they had the best ranch I've ever had. Over all I was not super impressed by my Humble Pie experience and will try other places instead of this. Maybe come back in a few months to try again.
2	[[This is a review for the 7th Street location]]Love, LOVE, LOVE the food! We got a pizza and ceasar salad to split and it was just enough food for the two of us. The restaurant was small and quiet and there was plenty of room/seating for a Friday night. I ordered a special martini and it was QUITE strong. The recipe stated that the drink would have cinnamon [it was a holiday drink] but the cinnamon turned out to be goldschlager [ew.] Our food came out very fast and was just so good!Now, the reason why I gave it a two out of five;When we walked into the restaurant my friend and I stood in the doorway for a good five minutes before we were approached. The woman stated that we could sit anywhere and our server would be with us soon. About ten minutes later, the same woman came back and stated that she would be taking our drink order but our real server would be with us soon. Ten minutes later, the same woman came back with our drinks and then took our food order. My friend ordered a white wine and she came back with a red. When it was time to go, we put our forks and napkins on our plates, indicating that we were done. It took another ten minutes to get our check.We left a four dollar tip. Never, in my life, have I left a tip under five dollars.It was well deserved. I will be eating the food from humble pie again, but I will be taking it home to REALLY enjoy it.
2	Well, we seated quickly and then nothing happened for awhile...  Then our WAITer came and took our drink orders, then nothing happened for awhile... Another server came and took pity on us, retook our drink orders and dinner wishes.  Lo our WAITer shows up again, with our drinks...Enough about the PPOOOOORR service, the pizza was pretty good, but service certainly impacted our experience.  The food saved a one star review.
3	Pizza was good. Service was friendly but slow on the refill. They have lots of interesting pizzas. I will go again but not in a big hurry.
4	Stopped here for lunch during happy hour.  Place was quiet but a dog was on the patio which I liked, so if you have a dog- bring them along.  We ordered the sausage pizza, chili, chicken drumlets (aka wings), and a salad (for me).  The salad was AMAZING!!! It was so fresh and had yummy cuts of fresh mozzarella and green beans, etc. it was just so damn good.  The pizza was great and the chili made me think of thanksgiving it was just so hearty.  Wings were wings nothing amazing.  It was just a beautiful AZ afternoon on the patio with a great lunch.
3	The place is much too loud for my taste.  Not that the music isn't good, it just gets in the way of good conversation.  If you live close by, get take out.  The pizza will still be good (the potato is by far the best) although the crust has gotten doughier than I like.  They are the perfect location though when you've had a few beers at the Main.
2	I had been meaning for a while to this place out and finally did since it is hard to pass up The Main Ingredient. I wish I hadn't as not more than 50 feet from where I sat people where most likely enjoying some awesome appetizers and good food for way less.I tried the wings which had an odd taste but were so so. The antipasto board was terrible and for 11$ should have had a little effort to it. The food came slow as well as the service was slow and inattentive. The lady we had seemed to not be thinking about the place since we had to request a pizza to go 3 times she came back out from the back. I must note that at the time there were 2 people at the bar and one other couple in the whole place. The steak and turkey chili was pretty bad also.  I am not a fan of pizza much besides maybe Red Devil or the now closed Western Pizza but I live with 3 females that are and not one of them cared for it. The bread was good but the sauce had the hint of toothpaste( probably from too much tomato paste) that peter piper seems to have in their equally terrible pizza.  I can't say I will be back, I think my girl liked the martini she had but she will have to go alone if she wants another.I would mention that just like a terrible steak house or a Chili's you will pay more than you should for sub par dining. I don't mind paying well for good food but you can't help feeling like you have been ripped off when you have a larger than average bill for crappy food.
2	We tried this out last night. We won't be back. There is no indication when you walk in that it's a seat-yourself restaurant. We stood like idiots at the hostess area until somone asked us if we needed something. We sat ourselves, and then sat and sat and sat because there was no server assigned to us. Perhaps that is a reason to seat patrons, so a server knows they've arrived?Finally, the hostess asked us if anyone had helped us, and she was very polite and took our order. Our drinks came out fairly quickly, but then we waited and waited for our food. This would have been understandable if the placed had been packed, but it wasn't. It was maybe 75% full (7:30 on Saturday) and there seemed to be plenty of servers. There was one large party on the patio.I ordered the vegetarian salad (can't remember what it was called) that advertised avocado, jicama, beans, and other yummy things. When it arrived, there was a tiny little mushy sliver of avocado perched on top, and no more to be found. It was as if someone scraped up the dregs of an avocado from the rind of an empty one and flung it on my salad. It would have been more forgiveable if they had just forgotten it altogether. Also, the white beans were undercooked. The pizzas were good. I ordered the local organic vegetable one without cheese, and it came loaded with summer squash, roasted carrots, olives (local? Hmm...), leeks, roasted onions, and the crust was thin and crispy. My husband also enjoyed his pizza. I should actually grant an additional half star to the hostess/waitress, who comped my salad when I complained about it. I was willing to pay for it, but she offered to take it off the bill. The final nail in the coffin was perhaps not the fault of the restaurant, but the large party out on the patio had 3-4 elementary-age kids literally running laps through the restaurant for the first 15-20 minutes we were there. If ignorant parents are content to let their hellions ruin other diners' experiences, then I'm afraid it's left to the restaruant to politely and discreetely ask the parents to please reign them in. No such luck. Anyway, this place has some things to work on. Fortunately for us, there are too many other great businesses nearby for us to give it a second chance.
4	I like Humble Pie for the friendly, neighborhood feel, and because it's a great place to grab a couple of beers and appetizers. I had been to this place when it was called The Living Room and was not as impressed. The brick oven pizza is a welcome unifying concept to a casual neighborhood bar that serves delicious food. I had been here once for the Date Night special which included two salads, pizza, and dessert for the low price of $19. But recently, I discovered how good their appetizers are, namely their fancy french fries and wings. My dining companion and I shared an order of each along with a couple of beers and were more than pleased with our selection. The fries come bedeckt with chili flake, garlic, and parmesan and a fabulous garlic aoli dipping sauce. The fry sauce was so good we asked for a refill. When we asked for more, the waitress happily accommodated our request for more of "where the magic happens...". In this case, the magic happens in your mouth (and I'm not likely to forget the experience).
1	I come to Humble Pie every couple of weeks.  I don't normally come on a Saturday afternoon.  "Rizzo" was a complete disaster. There were only 5 people at the bar and he acted like he was slammed. Is this his 1st bartending job  This is not what I'm used to at Humble Pie.  I love this place, but when I came in today, it was not the Humble Pie that I know.  Customer Service people...Get it right!
2	"Hot Mess" I was expecting something along the lines of  an NYPD Pizza, since this is a local chain, but instead got a cool atmosphere and bad food.  The atmosphere just doesn't seem to fit the food and service vibe. It is also interesting to me that this location gets the lowest YELP score of the Humble Pies - hard to put your finger on it, but something just doesn't seem right.We were super excited to have another spot coming to downtown phoenix, but won't be returning.It's seat yourself when you walk in and the staff was not overly friendly at first. Once we were seated our 2nd day on the job waiter came over to take our orders.  He was friendly and got our girls some kids menus and crayons.  We ordered 2 pizzas and  a bloody Mary. My husband got the Buffalo Chicken and said it was ok and I got the sausage which came with TONS of large onions.  I asked to have a new one since the menu didn't say anything about onions, he took it and then brought it back saying no,that just fennel...um no. But, whatever! So I just picked it off. The pizza was below average and our bill was $37 before tip for just the 2 pizzas and one drink - very over priced.Our waiter did say to the table just over from us, sorry about the wait - "It's a Hot Mess in here,or actually I am just a Hot Mess!" Um Random!They need to cleanup their act before this location closes
4	Went to meet a friend - loved, loved!!  Have never been here before but have been wanting to try.   Food great, our server Lorine was awesome!  Can't wait to go back.
4	We were lucky enough to stop by here on a week night after the rush.  After a day of home searching, with no results, a nice quiet dinner is exactly what we needed.And that it what we got!Our waitress quickly greeted us, brought us our sangria and wine, both were tasty and  the price wasn't bad.She was friendly, and did a great job.The place was clean, with a warm glow from the pizza oven, it felt like a hug in there.  So nice.  We started with Bruschetta, it was good.Really the traditional tomato, mozzarella, basil, and balsamic shone, sometimes the original just cant be beat.We then went on to the margherita pizza, something I had been craving for months since I had seen a picture of it in a Phoenix magazine.  Those beautiful dollops of mozzarella, rather than being drowned in rubber cheese, are the stuff dreams are made of. This pizza did not disappoint.The other we tried was the Schreiners Sicilian Sausage, again, simple and delicious.  We really enjoyed our meal here, and will be back.
4	Stopped in for lunch and ordered one of their express lunches (served 11-3).  You have the choice between a 9" pizza & soup or Salad, 1/2 a sandwich & soup or salad for under $10.  I ordered the S.O.P. pizza (Sausage, carmelized onion, roasted pepper and ricotta) which was very tasty although the middle pizza was a little soggy.  I didn't pull out my measuring tape but I'm sure the pizza was closer to 12".  The 12" version cost $14.50. You get to choose between the four salads they carry on the menu (all sounded great).  The chop salad had roasted turkey, salami, grape tomatoes, fresh mozzarella and a divine herb vinaigrette.  The small salad on the menu costs $7 so the $9.95 price tag on the pizza/salad combo was a great value.Will definitely stop here again.P.S.  Kids eat free on Sundays!
3	We've been meaning to try this place for quite a while and the opportunity finally afforded itself. The parking lot was full, which we took as a good sign and lots of happy people enjoying their food inside & outside. Lively atmosphere, well appointed interior. The staffer who greeted us said she had 3 available seats at the bar or a high-top (if we didn't want outside). We told her there were 4 of us, so we'd take the high-top. She then brought us 3 menus and proceeded to take the 4th place setting away. We reminded her once again that there were 4 of us. This does not bode well.We ordered drinks, which took quite a while to arrive. We kept seeing the server taking food/drinks to other tables. Finally, another server brought us our drinks. The first server returns to take our order. We had decided to try the garlic fries appetizer - she asked if we wanted to place our dinner order, too. Sure, we said, as long as the appetizer and entrees don't come out together. No problem.Again we waited...and waited. Then, low and behold, our entrees arrive- served by yet again a different staff person (may have actually been the one who brought our drinks, I'm not sure.) I commented that I guess we weren't going to get our appetizer after all, and she was surprised & offered to take our food back to bring out the appetizer. Really??? Just leave the food and cancel the app.Now for the food. Our order included the SOP Pizza (sausage, carmelized onion, roasted red peppers), The Egg Pizza and the Mac &Cheese. The SOP was tasty, crust was a bit soggy, though. The portion of the Mac & Cheese looked a bit small but was told it was good - not great, but good.Overall, the service was lacking - I'm not sure a server is actually assigned to a table as it seemed new faces keep showing up at ours - very confusing. There was live music in the bar area - wasn't too fond of his music (but that's personal taste) but it was a bit loud to carry on conversation. Food was fine - again, not WOW, and for the pirce point, I would expect more.I think the majority of the cars in the packed parking lot were for The Main Ingredient which is right next door (and has awesome food at a very reasonable price point!) Would I return? Maybe. But given other options, I'll probably go there.
4	I went here with my family on a Sunday evening, which was great, because on Sunday, kids eat for free. My husband ordered a shrimp pizza which was heavenly and I ordered the Caprese sandwich which was ok. Next time, I will definitely order a pizza. The staff was really nice and the food arrived pretty quickly, which is important when you're trying to entertain three kids.The atmosphere here is great - really laid back and casual. The night we went, they had a guy playing acoustic guitar which was a nice plus. I will definitely go back.
5	At another recent trip to Humble Pie after work with friends, I was introduced to a slightly off-menu item that has to be tried to be appreciated. Order the Garlic & Potato pizza and then ask them to include Pancetta as a topping. The combination of all of the flavors really works together: the bacon-y goodness of the pancetta, the herbal notes from the rosemary-seasoned potatoes, the rich roasted garlic and pungent Gorgonzola. A new favorite!
3	Food is greater than Service.Came here a few times-- once as a couple, once with three others and a third time with a party of 7. Each time, loved the food. The service was average or even less than. The staff didn't have very good personalities and on one occasion, a manager came over and had apologized for the wait time and the fact that the waitress had been short/rude. He tried to make a joke about how she was helping out from the Scottsdale location (which we have been to and enjoyed before) and how she wasn't exactly a 7th st location fit just yet..It seemed out of place for him to comment, but he was light hearted and it didn't disturb us. We have always had great food from here.. and I would recommend their salad and the goat cheese pizza. YUM
5	Excellent service with Kyle and Leah!  The food was amazing and loved the happy hour prices.  The tempura green beams were excellent as well and the pizza.  I live in NE Mesa, but would go back tomorrow if I did not have to work.Must try this place!
4	FYI - Make sure you double check your bill, especially if you go with your kids on Sunday. Our waiter forgot to take off the kids meals and my husband happened to catch it. The waiter said he forgot.
5	I'd first like to direct everyone's attention to the tomahawk located on the shelf above the bar.  It's mine. Great pizza, great music by Cameron, strong drinks, amazing service... all around good atmosphere.
5	I eat here often and the lunch special is great!!  Food and service are equally good.  Fries are to die for.
4	I wasnt sold on Humble Pie the first time I came in, but im sold now. Their meatballs are delicious. Great lunch special and friendly folks. And I love the staff (love my two favorite servers Rizzo and Theron). They always crack me up. A great place to hang out and grab an iced tea.
4	Was good no humble pie on the menuepizza was very good
3	We just got home from taking my husband for a late Father's Day lunch at Humble Pie.   It's located in the same building as the unsuccessful "Living Room"  which has an awesome interior.   The joint was hoppin' but they managed to squeeze our family of three into a spot.  The service was great and we were in luck because the specials and happy hour prices were in place.    We decided to go for "pie" and each of us ordered a pizza all were quite good and our favorite was the Meatball Pie.  We would like to go back to try out something other than "pie" -- which I think I prefer Cibos instead.  This is definitely a family-friendly establishment that doesn't frown upon small well-behaved kids, but it still has the nice cool downtown vibe.
4	I've only been here for carryout during lunch a few times. And have only had the chopped salad. That, though, is delicious. The half size is a hefty lunch, full of turkey, salami, mozzarella and a vinaigrette. The last time I had it, it tasted kinda...florally? I dunno, it was weird like flowers. All the others have been great! Staff is friendly and only once was it busy - but I usually go at an off-lunch time.
4	This place was pretty good. I didn't try the pizza, though it looked delicious, but since it's hard to mess up anything with burrata and I wanted something fresh- I went with the caprese. The pesto was great, the burrata was of course really good as well and I liked the sour ciabatta it was served with. My only gripe was that it was hard to eat. I prefer fresh tomatoes, sliced. I found it a little difficult to get the delicious fresh taste of the ingredients in every bite with the roasted cherry tomatoes. I also just like the fresh flavor or raw tomato with the richness of the burrata and olive oil, and I guess the balsamic could be toned down.However,  with all my gripes (everyone's a critic, right?), it was still very tasty, and the wine was decent and reasonably priced. I will return.
3	I probably would have given this place another star but..  well...So at first the service seemed great, the staff seemed friendly, and we were having a great time.  We ordered one express lunch which is a great deal - half salad/soup with 1 pizza that's approx. 3 in smaller than the normal size for $10 and 1 of the roasted mushroom pizza.  The turkey chili was great - not too many beans, not too few, not too brothy, not too dry, nice chunks of turkey, etc - it was pretty perfect.  We got our pizzas very shortly after - another great thing since our appetites were appropriately whet.  The pizzas were pretty good.  The sauce was a bit plain, pretty good quality ingredients, and good amount of topping.  However, at least half of the outer rim of both our crusts were burned.  The mushroom pizza was even worse - the bottom of the crust of 2 slices were completely charred.  I usually comment more on the food than the service, but seems like ours took a severe nose dive after we got our pizzas.  My coke was empty for 20 min before a refill was even offered - at that point I asked for a box and the check since we'd been waiting for some attention for over half an hour.  Very disappointing after such an impressive start.  The waiter was actually helping the table right next to us and came and left without asking us if we needed anything about 5 times.  I rate harshly on steak restaurants that overcook steaks and in this case pizza restaurants that burn crusts to an inedible state.  The standard is higher when they base their whole business on a singular food.  I can't give this place more than 3.  I will go back though because the chili was so good, I would like to give this place another shot.  Maybe I just won't get the pizza.
3	Every one of these stars was for the food. My husband and I joined 4 other couples for dinner on a Thursday night. They had a special and so we took advantage of the special and ordered Calamari, 2 salad and one small pizza to share, and we added in a bottle of wine, and everything was delicious. The Calamari was GREAT!  The wine was really good. And we had a very meaty meat loving pizza.  Yum.No one had been to this restaurant before, it's still relatively new, so we were all delighted to find it was nicely air conditioned for summer dining and the space (while tight) was comfortable.  Our waitress was really nice, and very attentive. I was even more amazed when the cook came out to apologize to another couple for delivering their ravioli slightly frozen.  He brought out new ravioli and apologized personally for the issue.  What service! Then it was time to settle up and leave and things got a little uncomfortable. Our host for the evening had a "Groupon" coupon.  He wanted to use that coupon and was denied because their bill (which had been done individually) was priced out at the "special" pricing.  Okay, so they didn't read the fine print, but the manager came by to explain that they couldn't see fit to use this coupon under any condition (not even the condition that the owner of the coupon brought in 8 other diners for a "big party" where they had put mandatory service charges on the bill.)I get that a restaurant has to have rules for coupons and other specials, but they also have to take into consideration how uncomfortable this was for our host and how he really wanted to show off this cool place to his friends. That was such a sad ending to a perfect meal!
2	We have been going to this location on and off for quite awhile. We have been frustrated at the inconsistency of the kitchen but we enjoy the some of the staff so we eventually forgive and go back for another try. Last night we left absolutely dumbfounded...I ordered a cocktail that is only made correctly by one person on the wait staff. I usually only order it when she is there. Last night I took a chance on the bartender and ordered it anyway.  When my drink arrived it was pink and is supposed to be clear! I asked the server if she was sure she ordered the right drink and she replied, "The bartender said it might appear a little pink. That's just because there was probably still some of the previous drink he made in the cocktail shaker. It should be fine". Then she asked me if I wanted them to make it again! I was speechless!
4	Service is friendly but slow. I totally understand as packed at it was. Candice offered service with a smile and even acted surprise at my boy's excitement at having lost a tooth just before we were served. I brought my son in here to grab a slice before the children's museum.We must have just beat the rush because once seated,  it was lined w people waiting to be seated. My boy (7) was the only kid in the place but he's cool. It's got a good happy hour from 11-6. I just missed it. Beer selection is limited but cocktails look mighty drinkable. My son ordered off the kids menu (noodles with butter) which is always nice. Oh and kids eat free on Sundays! I ordered the artichoke pizza and it was really good. I love brick oven pizza with a soft crust, really good cheese, fresh veggies, and great seasoning. I added peppers and Parmesan to mine because I felt it needed a little more kick. Over all a great eating experience. Noise level was a little higher than I expected but considering the size of this restaurant and the number of tables in there it was understandable. Would have liked to hear the music a little more though. Sounded like good tunes.I will definitely be back!Xx,Reesie
3	For 6 days out of the week I eat tons of fruits, veggies, nuts, seeds, whole grains, fish, etc. Tuesday afternoons is my cheat meal and I really look forward to it. This time I was looking forward to pizza. I love pizza.We dined on Tuesday afternoon, the place was kinda empty so we got tons of attention from our waitress who was wonderful. For an appetizer we ordered the rock shrimp with garlic, basil aolioli (sp) dipping sauce. The shrimp were okay, but needed a more flavorful dipping sauce maybe a spicy marinara or barbecue. For my meal I decided to go with the soup and 9 inch pizza lunch special: butternut squash & margerita pizza. The soup was actually quite good. The pizza was good, but something was missing. Oh yeah, the CHEESE!!! Seriously, do I have to ask for extra cheese on a pizza? I really look forward to my cheat day and the pizza did not live up to my expectations.For dessert I went with the donut holes drizzled with caramel and sprinkled with powdered sugar. The order is huge, seriously there were no less than 30 donut holes. Cheat day or not it was just too much. My husband ordered 2 scoops of vanilla ice-cream. After visiting a local ice cream shop where everything is homemade, this ice-cream did not come close.Long story short, we will visit again only next time we will ask for extra cheese on a cheese pizza.
4	I was not in a hurry to visit Humble Pie due to the mediocre reviews here.  The hubs and I eventually decided to stop in for dinner after a friend recommended it and I'm so glad we did.  The vibe at Humble Pie on 7th is definitely good, perhaps due to its proximity to the alterna/artsy Coronado hood.  Relaxed, cool people, good atmosphere and tasty food.  We decided on drinks (a beer for the hubs and some tasty tempranillo for me) and ordered a large salad and a pizza to split.  Our server was great, always making sure our glasses were full and we were happy.  The salad was tasty and our arugula pizza was so good.  Who knew arugula on pizza would be so yummy?  While I was a tad disappointed when I didn't find something super chocolatey on the menu for dessert, the apple crisp topped with vanilla ice cream was delicious.   We've since been back for drinks and pizza at the bar.  The bar tender was very attentive and friendly and the brick oven pizza was delish.  Humble Pie a nice place to relax and unwind with good drinks and food.
3	So I finally got a chance to check out Humble pie on 7th st. I wanted some good pizza and wifey didn't want to go anywhere so we ended up getting takeout. In my classic move, I called in my order and then arrived early to have a drink at the bar (I always do this to A) get a beer and B) make sure I get my food right when it's ready, to ensure quality control haha. So I called in our order, and promptly drove over for an ice cold beer. The place was nice, i could see just having a beer and an app at the bar. It was very welcoming. I got this pizza with sausage, roasted peppers and ricotta that was pretty good. Wifey went with a cheese pizza to split with my daughgter. Both were pretty good, but missing the char I love from the usual brick oven restaurants. The service was great and the quality of the pizza was good, just a bit of for me. I'll go back again as I didn't have a bad experience. It beats the wait at Cibo, but I think Cibo's ;pizza is better. it's closer than LGO (to me) but LGO's pizza is better. it's not quite as good as Centurion, but a bit closer. All in all, solid 3 stars.
1	When we walked in it was a little confusing as to who was going to seat us. A guy came up immediately and sat us down. One of the waitresses was standing talking to a guy and blocking one of the seats so we had to wait for a minute for them to move.We sat down and looked at the menu and decided what we wanted to drink. So, we waited. It was Friday night and busy so we figured a server would be by shortly. We waited, we looked at the menu again and decided on food, so by the time a server showed up we could order everything at once. We shut our menus and waited. Still nothing. Serveral servers passed us in the 20 minutes that we sat there and no one even came by to acknowledge us. Not a "Be with you in just a minute" NOTHING. So we got up and left and since we were invisable no one even noticed.We definitely wont be coming back.
4	My last review wasn't the best, but I decided to stop by for a couple of beers.  Rebecca was a great bartender and very attentive.  I sat at at the bar and met some of the locals who made it feel like a fun neighborhood bar.  I ordered the happy hour pepperoni pizza which was terrific.  This was a much better experience than the last, and I will definitely be back.
5	Well as I was eating lunch at this wonderful place I came across the best pizza in town! Very soft music and a great staff! Our server, Lorine,  is a wonder wonderful human being and very outgoing.  I would definitely come back not just for the pizza but for the great service we received by our server.
2	Completly underwhelmed.  I give them 2 stars for quick service.
4	I love the Humble Pie on 7th Street.  Great staff who always remember us and are very nice and attentive.  The food is always good.  One of my favorites is the burger.  I know the is strange since you wouldn't think of Humble Pie for their burgers but they are fantastic!  Also love the tempura green beans and the veggie salad!  Drinks are great too.  My favorite is the Pomegranite Martini which I have to limit to one per visit!  They have a great happy hour and a super relaxed atmosphere!
4	First, let me say that I have never experienced the problems with service that some people have mentioned. We are "locals" from the Coronado neighborhood, so we are here at least once a week and we have visited at various times of the day. The one time service was slower than usual, our waiter apologized without us having to ask questions and he gave us a discount - nice touch. As for the food, I am a big fan of the salads, especially the veggie salad, which is not the typical bowl of cold romaine lettuce with hunks of tomato and red onion. This one has enough ingredients to make it a satisfying meal. It is not cheap, but I couldn't make it at home for any less, considering everything that is in it.A local's tip - go for happy hour and order a martini. The pomegranate with cinnamon is dangerously good, especially for the 4 bucks at happy hour. Add in a side of tempura green beans and you are good to go until dinner time.
2	Humble Pie is right across from one of my favorite hang-outs, The Main Ingredient. I've seen this place numerous times and one day we saw a Groupon for them, so decided to purchase it and give it a try. The place was fairly dead for a Saturday night. I had always seen this place packed when passing by. Maybe we missed the rush? The service was nothing special. Our server had no personality and seemed bored. I ordered a pizza with pistachios, parmesan and red onions and my boyfriend ordered some kind of BBQ chicken pizza. The pizza was dry and didn't have a ton of flavor. It wasn't AWFUL, but it wasn't REMARKABLE either. We left unimpressed and don't really have any craving to go back there again. Wish we understood what all the hype is about. Maybe we just ordered the wrong pizzas?
5	Always a crowd, but there is a reason.  And the reason is amazing food.  The lunch special gets you in and out (after you get a table) really quickly.  It is always the highest quality, fresh ingredients, and a fast, friendly, efficient staff that does the best job, despite the throng of people every day. I've been there 3 times in the last 6 weeks and I've tried the mushroom, the chicken parmesan, and the shrimp pizzas.  All were good.  I look forward to working my way through the menu.  I haven't ventured past the Cesar salad, though, as it is just so darn good.
4	What a great place!  I have driven by this place so many times but always forget about it.  I went on a weekend when it wasn't horribly busy.  The space is cool and has a modern vibe.  I had the lunch special which was a salad or soup and a 9in pizza of any kind.  I had the minestrone and the meat lovers pizza.  Great pizza and great flavors!  I would for sure come back here again!
3	I posted a review out of frustration and disappointment and was ready to not return to this business. Having been a long time resident of this neighborhood I really want this business to succeed because I really want to have that neighborhood connection and a place to belong after a long work week. So, after a short hiatus my partner and I returned, genuinely hoping to be pleasantly surprised. Thankfully, we were not disappointed! There is a new KM who has swiftly addressed the food quality consistancy. Omg, we have had some delightful flavors that have lingered and tempted us to return again 2 nights later. Theron, the bartender has delivered quality and charm and has made our experience wonderful. Leigha, our server is always attentive, thoughtful, and gracious. We are happy to be back and appreciate a place that we look forward to enjoying. I have been trying to choose 5 stars for this review but for some reason only 3 will respond.
4	Wow, what an amazing pizza!I give this place five stars for the pizza, itself. The Chicken Pesto Pizza was loaded with moist chunks of chicken breast smothered in a generous portion of pesto (pictured.) The crust was thin, yet, chewy, not crusty or dry. Yum!The two flavors of Bruschetta (pictured) were fine, but nothing to write home about. It's not to be compared to that of a few other CenPho dining spots.The salad (pictured) had a lovely presentation, but I didn't care for it. I'm not sure if it was the greens or the dressing, but it tasted a bit bitter to me.Unlike some other reviews I read here, i had no issue with the service.If it weren't for the salad and bruschetta, I'd have given Humble Pie five stars!
3	LGO was better...
5	I had a ton of fun here last night. It's busy and the atmosphere is buzzy. We stepped in the back door and of course looked a little lost because we didn't know where or how to find a seat, as we passed a waiter, he told us to just take the table we were next to. He was back in a flash to bring us some water and see if there was anything we wanted to start with. I had a White Grape Martini, very good, very crisp: I would recommend if you like martinis.  For an appetizer we had the Tempura Fried Green Beans... pretty sure those are little pods of heaven in your mouth, just sayin. Then... the main course. Humble pie offers burgers and stuff, but of course we went for the pizza. We had the potato garlic pizza and took off the leeks and added sausage. It was wonderful. I love their crust to no end. The pizza, despite being cheesy, was not greasy, which so commonly happens. The only thing I would have changed about it would be to not have the potatoes slices, but cubed instead, but it still tasted magnificent. Our server deserves his own section: Pretty sure his name was Rizzo, and he was HILARIOUS. He made my whole night just that much better. He was very funny and very engaged in making suggestions if we asked and complementing the selections we did make. He was just fun! I will be going back!
4	For some reason I have let the place on Adams in downtown with national reviews as my local benchmark for pizza and I keep finding places just as good if not better and Humble pie makes my list. To start for appetizers I have had the calamari with basil chili dipping sauce. Very good sauces calimari is like most other local restaurants. Surprisingly a very small portion for ten bucks. Caprese salad was great small portion easily feeds two.  I really couldnt put my finger on it but wasnt happy with antipasto board. Big pieces of bread cheese ehh lotsa of olives I think the meats just werent that tasty. wine bar in arcadia is what I compare it to and for about same price much better quality and larger selection. But lets focus on what they are known form. I have had margherita and SOP(sausage onions peppers mozarella and ricotta) and all have been great experiences. Most recently was the margheriata and added proscuito(italians forgive me for my horrible spelling) . Nice light crust good tomato sauce . generous serving of mozzarella tomatoes and proscuitoo covered the entire pie but not overdone. Donuts for dessert are a must powdered sugar and some sugary goodness syrup
5	This place is great for lunch!  (Only time I have ever eaten here)  Very reasonably priced lunch specials make it even better.  You can get a personal sized pizza and a small salad for around $10.  The chopped salad is delicious.
3	On my ongoing quest for great pizza - I tried this place out while visiting my family in AZ.This place gets 3.5 stars for the pizza, and 5 stars for its hospitality, atmosphere, and Bloody Mary. Our waiter was so nice, you could tell he had a special place in his heart for Humble Pie.The pizza was real good - but my stars are comparing it to all the great pizza I have tried around the globe - so for AZ... go give it a try!Their Bloody Mary was AWESOME. It had basil and mozzarella cheese floating around it in - yum. Also, if you go, you have to get the garlic fries. They were cooked perfectly crispy, with just the right combo of garlic and cheese.We had my 3 little cousins with us that range in age from 12 - 7.  Great for kids - they eat free on Sunday too! It was an overall great place for a nice relaxed sunday late lunch with the family.
5	Rizzo was awesome ! Best server in Tom , this place is great , quaint, and the food is good.
4	Searched for a place with good happy hour deals and food and this one was in more than a couple "Best lists." Met a friend there on a Thursday and was surprised to find such good deals on drinks and their "date night" deal for $20 is awesome! The day we were there we had the idea of going outside to enjoy the cooler weather, unfortunately, so were a bunch of mosquitoes! If it weren't for the multiple bites we both got, I think I would have rated this cute place a 5/5. Maybe next time!
5	Ya gotta go here.I've driven past this place a million times and as a sucker for strung, patio lights I had to check it out. Went on a Thursday to take advantage of the Date Night Special which is one app, 2 salads and a pizza to share. Really good deal for $20. I got there about 8 minutes before HH was over and took advantage of that too. We order the toasted ravilois (rocatta cheese is the best), 1 chobbed salad and 1 apple and a rugloa salad. He got the chobbed and it looked better than mine, but to each their own.Rizzo (hands the best waiter there) recced the Scheiners pizza and it was fantastic. 6 hearty slices was more than enough after the 2 small meals that came before it.Drinks are best on HH but moderately priced afterwards. THe atmosphere is fantastic. Outdoor seating are large park picnic tables. Not the most comfy things to sit on and they're a bit far between bench and table top but it was worth it. The canopy lights and great smells and sounds coming from the main dining had a great ambiance. I'd totally go back here. Would like to try the fried green beans from the app menu and the grilled chicken pesto pizza. On online and check out their daily specials in addition to HH each day. Super place.
2	Pizza is very good.  why the two stars then?  Well.....they have a baked mac & cheese on their menu that looks super yummy.  So, when we went here w/our kid and saw it, we thought, "Maybe they have it on the kid's menu."  To our delight, it was there.Then, when our child's dinner came out, to our HORROR, it was KRAFT MAC & CHEEZE.  Yes, people, it was that orange pasta...dry and not creamy at all.  My kid was hungry and our food hadn't come out yet, so we didn't send it back, but mostly, I think I was honestly in shock for the next few hours about the whole situation.  Thank goodness he didn't eat much of it anyway (because it sucks!).  Red Robin has better mac & cheese for kids and that's not saying much.Hello Humble Pie...KIDS ARE PEOPLE TOO.  Why not serve the good stuff to little ones???  At the least, if you are going to continue to serve shitty food to kids, please make that clear on your kid's menu so we adults can make informed decisions....i.e., "this is the crap...er...kraft mac and cheese, not the good stuff we serve to adults."  Thank you.
5	My second meal here and it looks like I neglected to write a review for the first time.  My apologies!  This place deserves better from this very satisfied customer.Apps - Toasted Ravioli is delicious!  Bruschetta is even better.  The one made with apples, Brie, agave nectar and fig jam is just incredible.  Pizzas - all good!  I ordered the Pistachio which is a white pizza with leeks, onions, and Parmesan.  The pistachios are coarsely ground - not whole.  Probably a good thing!  I added mushrooms and Kalamata olives to it.  Delicious and perfectly baked, Neapolitan style in a wood fired oven.  So obviously, customization is not a problem.  Many thanks for that!Parking lot is a little cramped during busy times but there is plenty of quiet street parking nearby - you won't have to hike a mile.  Service is spectacular!  They hire the NICEST people and they are perfectly attentive without being smothering.
4	Monday nite is the bomb if you like wine, every btl on the list is HALF PRICE...and the markup, to begin with, is quite reasonable.The pie is solid.And I had a killer date nite there one time, too...gotta like a place w/fond memories!
4	Good Pizza and great service!!The date dinner for two special is great for its value, available on Thursdays after 6:00 pm!!! It included an entree, two salads and one pizza of your choice!!! Enough food for two!!! :) The garlic french fries were bomb!!!! Deliciously seasoned. As for our friend, the birthday boy, he had pepperoni pizza and that by itself was great, better than our BBQ Chicken pizza I would say!! Fun place, great service, AWESOME YOUNG MAN SERVING!!! :) We came here with a group of 12 and were seated urgently and smoothly!! :) Oh and the Pomegranate Martini was Oh soo Great!!! A must try, a bit strong, but that's how I like them!! :)
4	My official vote would be 3.5 stars, but I rounded up because of the great service, friendly staff and enjoyable ambiance.  My friends and I grabbed Sunday lunch here.  I love Coronado Sunday brunch and lunch places.  Plus, you can head across the parking lot to the Main Ingredient Alehouse for a beer after and you'll be set for a great day!   I was craving a white pizza and my server recommended the Pear and Prosciutto.  However, I saw a pizza called "Goat Cheese" and I just had to have it.   I LOVE me some good goat cheese and pizza!  I salivated watching all the pies being served to the patrons around me and excitedly dug in when mine arrived.  It was good, but not mind blowing.  Goat cheese has all the potential to be mind blowing, so I was a little disappointed.  I would probably order it again, but lower my expectations a little bit.   It does have good flavor, just wasn't quite what I wanted it to be.   Be warned though, on my last performance review at work, I was told that I have unrealistically high expectations of others and myself, so I suppose that could apply to pizza too!  =)  My friend had the BBQ chicken pizza.  Now that is not a pizza I usually enjoy, but after we swapped a slice, I felt like it was pretty good!  It had a nice tangy flavor, a little heat/kick, and was pretty tasty.   My other friend had the sourdough cheeseburger and the fries.  I snuck a few fries - they were awesome!  Next time:  Pear and Prosciutto pizza. Let's see if the waiter did know best!  I'll get back to you and let you know how it goes!
4	This place has terrible parking but fantastic pizza. My husband and I started coming here for their Thursday Date Nights after 6pm. For $20, you can get an appetizer, a pizza, and two salads. It's a great deal!  We both really like their pizza - it's got this fantastic crust that is flavorful and both chewy and crunchy at the same time. A perfect combination! Plus, there's plenty of toppings to choose from - all forming fantastic pizzas. The appetizers are pretty generic - fried calamari, French fries, caprese, green beans, etc. None stand out as amazing, but my husband really likes the calamari. Our favorite salad is the Strawberry and Gorgonzola. Our favorite pizza is the Roasted Mushroom as it has pancetta on it as well. Then for dessert we usually order their chocolate chip pizza cookie - warm with vanilla ice cream!    We normally sit at the bar, since the dining area can be full, but our bartender/waiter has always been super friendly and helpful. All of the staff here are really friendly and I always feel like I'm coming to hang out with the locals. This place has a great atmosphere!
5	We came to Humble Pie after seeing it featured in Phoenix magazine (so sad that I can never find a place on my own...) and we were blown away.  It was a weeknight and all I wanted was some pizza to go and veg out on a couch watching a movie.  Well, after waiting on our to-go order we both wished we just stayed there! The restaurant is so incredibly inviting with its modern yet warm decor and a brick oven smack in the middle of the restaurant.  It was warm and smelled nice which was a bonus after walking from a car in 30 degree weather (crazy winter this year, isn't it?).  The staff were incredibly nice and we snacked on the "butter" mints that were placed by the exit while waiting.  I know they are for after the meal, but we were hungry!Anyways, the pizza was fantastic.  One word: "sourdough"!  Well, it's either sourdough dough or something that tastes like it, but I thought that the pizza was fantastic!  It is not too thin and definitely not thick. Just perfect, on my taste buds.  We had parmesan chicken pizza (I think) and a margherita pizza.  Both were phenomenal.  We also ordered some french fries that were likewise super yummy.  As an aside, I was raised in NYC, which is famous for its pizza.  I have to say that Humble Pie's pizza is at least as good as New York pizza.  I will definitely come back, and I cannot wait to try a date night (Thursday after 6 pm: an appetizer, pizza, and two salads for $20).  Also, apparently there are like 10 different food places in that general area on 7th Street -- time to check them out!
5	My friends and I ate at Humble Pie on 7th St last night and we had awesome, reasonably priced food that came out super fast!  Our server, Kyle (aka Bubbles), was fantastic!  We had so much fun and we will definitely be back!
5	I love, love, love Humble Pie!  The staff is excellent and super friendly, and the food is quite yummy!  My commercial kitchen for my own business is next door so I go there quite often for lunch.  My favorites are the Caprese (both the salad and the sandwich), those AMAZING seasoned french fries, and let's not forget about the fantastic wood fired pizzas!  They have a great lunch special and a fun Date Night on Thursdays.  If you want good food and a great experience, then you must try Humble Pie!
4	Went here with friends two weeks ago and I loved everything. The server was very attentive and friendly. We had the caprese salad, garlic fries to start. Both were very good. We ordered the sausage pizza and the pepperoni with onion pizza. I LOVED the crust! We devoured everything.For dessert we had the apple pie with ice cream and the doughnut holes. I liked the pie better. I will for sure come back here.
5	Still a 5 star, still amazing.  Go early or you will have to park on the street.  The parking is my only gripe.I go at least once every 2 weeks for lunch.  It is worth the hassle of parking.
5	I entered the restaurant around 9:10 not realizing that it was closed because there was still a lot of people eating there and the workers happily seated us and helped us with whatever we needed. I was with 5 other girls and it was our first visit to Arizona. Our waiter was super nice and really helpful! We had a vegetarian in the group and they were telling us of their favorite vegetarian pizzas and being really accommodating to everything that we wanted. We ended up getting 2 fried raviolis, french fries, and 2 pizzas, the margarita and the fig and prosciutto. It all tasted absolutely amazing! We stayed until about 10:30 and not once did they try to rush us, they just cleaned up the restaurant and left us alone!
5	I've been a pretty negative judge of the whole fancy pizza craze that is going on everywhere it seems.  ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/cibo-phoenix#hrid:9HmRQcPHTFbqSTWIdTtA7A )Thank you, Humble, for showing me the error of my ways.In keeping with my slice boycott, on date night at the Pie, I ordered the sourdough burger with the addition of avocado and bacon. It was seriously good, even earning the place of 6 in my adventures in burgering about AZ.: http://www.higherground4x4.com/forums/showthread.php?4301-Quest-for-the-Best-Burger-in-AZThe girl though went with the oddest topped pizza she could find, with fig & prosciutto. By the time the night was over I had sampled it, cut my delicious burger in half to save for later, and liberally "helped her" finish her pizza into gone status. I was impressed and now I have a hard decision to make next time around on what to order.Oh, we also got the lemoncello margarita and that was super as well.Decently priced, amazing food. Left me feeling good about my purchase, less mad at the gods of toppings and sauce, and definitely wanting more.
5	We stumbled upon Humble Pie on our way to another well known pizza venue up the street. This was the most delicious pizza since Osteria Coppa in San Mateo. Pick up a slice and it is not "floppy"...rather crispy on the bottom with a slightly chewy crust...perfect. Loved the pistachio and leek. The guy had pepperoni and mushroom. Great service and the pies came out quickly.Would go back for sure
4	This review is for the 7th street location. Last year my we dined at the Greenway Parkway location in Scottsdale and did not enjoy it.Okay, so not wanting to cook or grill on Memorial Day my husband & I decided to go out. The restaurant that we went to first had a small parking lot with no spaces left. The restaurant that we went to second was packed with only outdoor seating. So, the universe must have wanted us to try Humble Pie again and I'm glad we did. My husband had the mushroom pizza, he added sausage to it and said it was better than The Parlor. I ordered the grilled provolone tuna sandwich which was outstanding. It's a wee bit salty, but I like salty.I was debating whether or not to deduct a star because of the subpar service we received from our waitress. No smile. No refills on water. No questions regarding our meal.
5	Everyone in this town, including me has become a self proclaimed  pizza critic.  Humble Pie, Pizza Bianco, Cibo, and the Parlor are eveolving Phoenix into a serious Pizza city.  Those who enjoy brick oven pizza this is a must.  And those who just eat delivery pizza must come to grips that Pizza Hut's HQ is not in Italy.  Food:The heart of the house is right in the dinning area, a wood fire brick oven. And ladies, were talking real wood here.   They make the pizzas right in front of you, how fun see.Quick note, they do a great job with non pizza items, and a fun kids menu. Service:this is a pizza joint right,  rule number one for amateurs, don't get antsy pansy because things take time on the weekends, this place gets crowded. Why well probably because Humble Pie has created a popular brand.   I like personal service, most the time your server takes care of you from start to finish and i like that.  I think restaurants like Humble Pie have given new life to the 7th St. Phoenix restaurant district.  Im glad to see the 85006 zip code continuously attracting more restaurant owners.  The Phoenix area is building up and keeping growing businesses a shot at success.  Happy Pizza,Kevin U.
5	Simply put amazing. Lunch is a great, they have a select lunch menu. Have yet to have a bad item. Pizza, which I think is hard to mess up, is amazing. I recommend the cheese/pesto for an appetizer, great great great!They have a great Sunday Bloody Mary for $5. It's made with jalapeno infused vodka. Go easy on them =)
5	Visited Humble Pie today with coworkers for lunch. We got there very early, as in right when they opened. And I highly suggest that to anyone else wanting to avoid the very big lunch crowd.We all went with the lunch combo of pizza and salad- what a great deal and even better portions!I had the veggie salad which was so good and the perfect amount of everything. Every bite was delish. Then I had the BLT pizza, also very good. When you first see that mayo is on a pizza you might think twice, however it went perfectly with the rest of the toppings. Due to the fact that we were on work hours, no adult beverages were purchased, however their happy hour drink menu starts at 11! That is great and it seemed like they had some good selections at good prices.The service was normal, nothing extraordinary or bad about it. The waitress did not huff and puff over the fact that we all needed separate checks. Waters were filled appropriately. Will definitely return here.
4	We had a party of 17, of which 8 were children. The chopped salad and wood fired pizza were delish! The waiter was beyond GREAT with the kids, and suggested a kids table so the adults could chat. With the "Kids Eat Free" on Sundays, I can see this becoming a regular after church outing for our group. Only suggestion is a changing table - if possible in the tiny bathroom. We are regulars at the Arrowhead location.
5	Went in yesterday for a quick bite to eat and left happy. Their Caesar salad and butternut squash soup are both quite tasty, we also ordered the French fries and a margherita pizza. The French fries were massive and tasty, the pizza was perfectly cooked and very clean tasting. I look forward to returning soon.
2	Went last night when we realized Rice Paper was closed for repairs. The service was prompt and fairly friendly. We got the pear and prosciutto (I think it was supposed to come with arugula but it had spinach on it - can't quite remember) and the potato with garlic. Both were okay, nothing special or memorable. The proscuitto was suuuper salty and needed more sweetness to cut it. & the potato pies leaks were tough, also it just needed a little something more, not sure what. We both agreed we had better pizzas at other places in Phoenix that had similar flavor profiles & would prefer to go there instead of here in the future.
1	The service at this restaurant is an absolute disaster. I recently visited this location after a bad experience a year ago. Today, after waiting an hour and twenty minutes for our food, we just had to leave.   Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice. . . Yelp.
3	We came in with a gigantic lunch party and the place was packed so it's hard to demand the absolute best. Overall, the pizza was great and we were well taken care of. Lots of fun.
4	Ironically we decided to try this place not for the pizza, but specifically to try the pasta dishes, as I am always looking for a nice place (live in south phx, options for Italian slim). Sat outside, which is another fav of mine. Yes parking was a bit full...there are 4-5 eateries in immediate area so they all compete for spaces....but found a spot easy enough a couple buildings down. Wait staff were absolutely delightful, friendly and helpful in selecting wine choice and meal. Our pasta dishes were great, not huge selection, but what they had was fresh and very tasty. We are a fan and will go back. Anxious to try the mac and cheese. We also tried the olives....yum a nice start with a good bottle of wine (which was 1\2 price!). We were seated immediately with no wait...roughly around 6:30.
5	This place is amazing! Their pizza and their service is just excellent! I highly recommend the Humble Pie! You just can't go wrong with it!
1	First we were seated and then it took close to 20 mins. for someone to even acknowledge we were seated. When the waiter actually came he had nothing to use to write own our order. He had to borrow my pen. Then HE STOLE MY PEN, and I never got it back. The food was bland and not very flavorful. There were no gluten free options. When I asked for garlic powder it was like I asked him for the moon. He didn't think they had any, so he went to go check, but he never even came back. The bill was so expensive and no alcohol was purchased. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. The bathrooms were dirty and smelled of burnt crust. Coincidentally our crust was burt as well.
4	The food is good the staff is friendly. Parking is horrible and it's not the quickest place to eat to be honest. If you are looking for good artistic fun pizza with some different choices then usual this place is good if you want a Slice of New York style this is not the place to go. I'll most likely be going back. As an update the place has been crossed off our lunch group list at work because it just takes too much time to to get your food.
4	Great beer.Great pizza.Always great service.A must go in the PHX.
4	I met up with a friend last night to cap off the holiday week.  I've somehow managed to overlook this joint so was excited to try it....we met at 6 and took a seat at the bar.  We started off with some fabulous pink lemondrops and some hummus.  The drinks were very tasty and we polished them off in record time, then decided to order more drinks and food.   We ordered: olives, baked raviolis, a wedge salad for me, and bruschetta for my buddy.  The salad was yummy; I was craving something light after the holiday and it really hit the spot!  The olives were delicious as well.  I wasn't as thrilled with the ravioli....it was bl and needed more spice and texture, in my opinion.  There were tons of people taking pizzas to go so I plan on trying some next time.  Overall, my experience was positive,....the place is cute, the staff is attentive, and the natives are friendly.  I will most definitely be back :)
4	With a mixed bag of reviews I was a little reluctant to stop here for lunch. After a little debate we decided to try it for ourselves. We were seated quickly upon arrival, promptly served drinks, and within about 5 minutes we had placed our orders. We ordered 4 different pizzas and some side salads from the lunch special option. The Cesar salad was great and my wife had no complaints with the chopped.  Solid serving size and out quickly. I got the meat lovers pizza, wife got the BBQ chicken, my son had pep and cheese, and mother in law had the goat cheese and tomato. All pizzas were served hot, fresh, and at one time. I tasted all four and I would say in my preference order it would be: meat, BBQ, pep, goat. The goat cheese was very good just not my cup of tea. No complaints from this entire visit. The place looked great, staff was friendly, and food matched the pair. Very pleased and we will be back.
4	Stopped in for lunch after church on Sunday with a friend who is a regular. I ordered the lunch special. I had the chopped salad and BBQ pizza. The salad was DELICIOUS and warrants a return trip. The BBQ pizza was also very good, piping hot and prepared upon order. The service was quick and efficient. The wait time for the arrival of our food was minimal. Our server was superb and friendly. Definitely returning and bringing a friend or two with me...
5	Came here for a girls night dinner. Made reservations and arrived early to have a few drinks at the bar. I had the pomegranate martini and it was strong and delish! After our party was seated I ordered the apples and brie with fig bruschetta.. amazing! One of my friends ordered the tempura green beans and they were great! Pizza was great as well as you would expect. Friendly staff and they didn't mind our very extended stay of approx 3 hours of inappropriate girl talk. Definitely will come back!
4	I haven't laughed this hard in a long time. At lunch. No cover charge. No two minimum drink.FREE ENTERTAINMENTIt wasn't just me either. Side splitting laughs from the service provided by our server, Rizzo were heard throughout the restaurant. I wish I had caught the other fellas names who were singing and putting on a show. (Listing to Bon Jovi, Bruce Springstein and whatnot takes on a whole new meaning when someone else is passionately belting it out.)I said singing, but, no. That does not quite describe the action that was going. I really wish I had a photo. Think Elvis. Arms swinging, legs shaking, THAT.I've photographed everything in the world, but not this. I've failed you.FOODI wasn't sure what my stomach was in the mood for, so I ordered the soup | 1/2 sandwich lunch special. Sweet deal for $8.95! The Creamy Butternut Squash soup greeted my with the cutest sour cream detail. (see photo!) It was also incredibly rich. In private I'd probably lick the bowl. (Sorry Mom!)The Grilled Caprese Sandwich surprised me a bit. (Mozzarella, pesto, roasted grape tomatoes.) Grilled cheese sandwiches are meant to be buttered. This one was definitely buttered!  SEATINGThe bar area provides a nice view of the pizza hearth. There is additional high top seating in the bar area. In the back of the restaurant there are low top, four top tables that can be pushed together to accommodate groups.SIDE STORYWe heard Rizzo taking photos of another group."Will you take our picture?""Sure!"[Takes pictures using everyone's camera]"Can I take a picture with MY camera?"There is a cute outdoor patio area as well. I asked Tracy J. to take photos of this area and some others for us. (These walking sticks will be the death of me!)GREAT SERVICEI joked about the show. But we were checked on constantly. Our drinks were never empty. Our plates were cleared as we nibbled away. I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch and appreciated the great customer service.Love it!
5	Love the atmosphere. Great pizza!  Really unique choices and so many of them. This is a definite new favorite and I will be back agsin as soon as I can because it was such a delicious meal and there are so many other things I want to try on the menu.
4	Cute near downtown version of the Scottsdale sister restaurant.  Stopped on a whim with my spouse during heavy lunch hour traffic and we sat at the bar and received great service.  Good wine specials in the early hours and there wasn't a scrap of food on our plates when we left.  I had the BLT and spouse had the soup de jour.  Will definitely return and recommend to others.
2	I don't have anything nice to say about Humble Pie other than that they serve wine.  On my first trip I went with two girlfriends, one of which was about six months pregnant at the time.  We were forced to stand and wait for a table despite the fact the place was 80% empty.  We waited a good ten minutes, for no apparent reason, before being given the privilege of being seated.  The service was abrupt and rude.  At least the food was tasty, because I had something to stop my mouth from screaming at the obnoxious locals sitting at the bar.  I was sure I'd never go back there again, but about a year later another friend suggested we pop in for a glass of wine after yoga at Sutra, the studio next door.  Big mistake.  This time, the bartender barely paid us any attention in favor of entertaining another rowdy group of very intoxicated locals at the bar.  I guess Humble Pie is the place for people to get wasted and act ridiculous on a weekday night, no thanks.
5	Love this restaurant! The food is great and the happy hour is better! My only complaint is that it is hot in Phoenix and the misters haven't worked on the patio for awhile. The patio is the best if you're cool. Leah is a great waitress. We've had her twice now and she's very attentive. I love the fried green beans!
4	Place was great. Had the roasted mushroom pizza. Tasted awesome. Pros: -Good pizza-Great selectionCons:-Don't understand why they have a calendar of the events going on in Phoenix... Why not use that space to promote specials or something?-Not poppin. I like to be seenzzz
3	We had a pick-up order on the veggie salad, SOP pizza, and the prosciutto and pear pizza. The veggie salad was a little scanty on the vegetable servings. I most likely won't order that again. I would recommend eating the SOP again - it was full of flavor from the sausage and roasted peppers. I wish I could recommend the prosciutto and pear pizza, but unfortunately there were no pears with the pizza!! How can you forget the main ingredient??
4	Man, I feel like there are a LOT of pizza places popping up in central Phoenix, but this is now one of my favorite spots for a pizza lunch.  They have a great lunch special - half a salad and a personal pizza for $9.95.  And you can choose any salad off the menu and any pizza (they have 26!).  There was actually enough food for me to take 3 of my pizza slices home.  I have to say, I prefer this place over Federal Pizza and Pizza People Pub.
5	My jam! Favorite entrees include, the BLT, Mac n cheese, drumlettes, garlic fries. Not to mention most of these items are on their happy hour list. This is the only location I'll go to, considering it's the best. Their west valley location is awful, bland food, not good. The staff is always so friendly and just great. Love this place.
5	Humble pie has become a go restaurant for my family. When I became a parent I was worried we would be relegated to eating at places like Red Robin until my kids were in college. As a "foodie" this deeply concerned me. I made the decision that we would train our kids to be well behaved in a restaurant so we could continue to have fun dining experiences. Well, that didn't happen. My son is one of the pickiest eaters and as never ending ants in the pants which makes sitting for long periods of time a challenge. Thankfully for me there are places like Humble Pie. My husband and I really enjoy the pizza and my son seems to enjoy all the food on the children's menu. The location on 7th street has a trendy vibe and if you can get a seat on the patio, there's always great people watching. On top of good food in a cool atmosphere, they're fast and kids eat free on Sundays!! If you're not a parent, you will really enjoy Humble Pie for their food and drinks, but if you're a parent and want good food in a child friendly atmosphere, look no further than here! It's a win for everyone!
1	Horrible experience ordered the prosciutto and pear pizza  that stated that the pears were fresh..much to my surprise the pears were not fresh, they were soaked in red wine and ruined my pizza...
3	My husband and I absolutely LOVE the food here. We literally live down the street and go way too often, but and I hate to say it, they have the worst service. If you decide to go PLEASE for your sake sit in the patio or at the bar, if you sit in the dinning area, expect to sit there for 20 minutes before being asked what you want to drink. Last time it took so long my husband had to get up and order from the bar just to have something drink while we still waited for a server to drop off menus. We will continue to go because they really and truly have AMAZING food. Hopefully they hire on some help or train their servers (NOT THE GUY WHO WAITS OUTSIDE OR THE BARTENDER, THEY"RE ALWAYS GOOD) so I can rate this place 5 stars. The restaurant deserves it.
1	Just moved into the neighborhood and came to check this place out because they sent over a flyer. We walked in and were sat within 3 minutes. The food and drinks looked great! We were excited because there was still 15 min left of happy hour. Little did I know that we would sit for the next 15 minutes at our table without anyone coming by. I tried to grab someone's attention but every time they just dodged me. We walked out and headed next door. If your busy it's understandable but at least bring by a water and greet the table. It's very rude and unprofessional to let a table sit for 15 min without acknowledging them. The Main Ingredient next door has been a much better experience.
2	The pizza was great. I will eat it again. The servers were a little rude and almost "too busy" to help us but the worst thing was that our server brought our napkin-wrapped silverware to us by carrying it in his armpit. Besides being against the health code, our napkins smelled like armpit sweat and were damp to the touch. We couldn't use them. Order the pizza to go. Don't eat at the restaurant unless you want sweat-stained napkins.
3	Dude, I've been here multiple times, great pizzas and OK service, but seriously the waitress we had the other day had a HUGE chip on her shoulder, she was just in a terrible mood and SHOWED IT. Come on Humble Pie, you guys are better than this!!
1	I have been to Humble Pie three times now. The first time was take out pizza, and I was helped promptly upon arriving at the restaurant. I was not very impressed with the pizza, although I came back to dine in to give it another chance. My boyfriend and I ate at the bar. I enjoyed the toasted ravioli appetizer, and the Schreiner's Italian Sausage was average. There are so many other pizza places in the area that make a better pizza with high quality ingredients. My third visit; however, was the worst restaurant experience I have ever had.I went in on a Friday after work for happy hour with 6 co-workers. All but one drink came out in a timely manner, although 3 waters took quite some time. Our food arrived and we were missing one appetizer and two pizzas. I spoke to our server to inform him we were missing some items, including the water and drink. He said we only ordered one of the two missing pizzas and I assured him we had ordered two. Everything except the second pizza arrived. When we asked for it, our server's comment hinted at disbelief as if we ate it and lied! At the end of dinner, we still had not received the pizza. We ordered 2 to go orders and one dessert. The to go orders came out in regular dishes, we asked for them to go and asked for the dessert and the elusive pizza. We received the to go dinners, but no pizza or dessert. When one person asked for the check, our server made a comment in a rude tone about how she probably wants to pay for her portion out of all 7 and asked if she knew what she ordered. At that point we asked a food runner for a manager and our server was brought over. We insisted to talk to a manager. The manager finally came to our table, apologized profusely, took off the pizza and dessert from our bill, and made sure we had all items requested. He also was kind enough to give us coupons for a free pizza when we spend a minimum of $20!
4	It was a girl's afternoon and we went there for the 1st time Easter afternoon.  We split the crispy calamari and chopped salad (we ordered the small and it was still a huge portion) and had a couple of Blue moon beers and red sangria.  We topped our meal off with some doughnut holes while we were finishing our drinks.  The atmosphere is casual and everything was delicious and our server was super nice and funny we'll definitely come back.
3	I may be the bad guy for this, but I am not impressed. Yes ,the pizza is OK. But, no tht ebest I have ever had. Not the worst either. But, for the price I was expecting more. I did not feel it was worth it. I cannot say I will not eat here again. But, if I have a choice I would try somewhere else that is all.The parking is tight in the back when they are busy. The share the lot with the shop next door by the looks of it. I know it is downtown Phoenix and things are tight.I will give them another try later on down the road.
4	ManagementVery nice
4	There is something about Humble Pie that makes my pizza glands moist. I have to think it's the Buffalo Chicken pizza. I crave this pizza daily. From the first time I had it, I may have developed a hormone imbalance that makes me crave it... But oh well, I'm ok with that. The appetizers are ok, nothing's special. Salads are decent and the beverages are good. They always remember me when I get there and know I need a table for two... For our buffalo chicken pizza. The pistachio pizza and the pepperoni are good too... But the bbbbbuiuufffffffaaaaaallllloooooo!
4	I ordered a 9 inch pepperoni pizza and a chopped salad to go. If I had a spare moment and if I was 21 it would've been great to sit down at the bar and order a drink or two. When I got home to grub I had to warm up my pizza in the microwave a bit. Had I eaten at the restaurant it would've been more amazing than what it already was. The salad was great as well. Not too much meat and the amount of dressing provided was perfect. I would definitely take a friend to eat at the actual establishment and enjoy a nice afternoon with great people.
5	Best (draft) happy hour and amazing atmosphere. I am here 2 days a week for the awesome pizza and the beer. Also, great place to come read and drink when you have nothing to do.
1	This place had mixed reviews but I gave it a shot and sad to report I got to worst of it. I went for their lunch special; first we were sat without water for 10 mins before she came back to even ask us about drinks. After that we got our appetizer the calamari which wasn't bad (not the best not the worst). Then my "white" veggie pizza came out...it smelled terrible it was sopping in olive oil and I couldn't bare to eat more than one piece. The buffalo pizza my partner got was to heavy on the sauce and almost no chicken. The wait staff took their sweet time to get us the check and didn't even ask how the meal was. I can think of a thousand places with better pizza and service.
5	Had a great time with myMan having delicious pizza! We had a really funny server named Kyle who made our dinner fun :)
5	OMG I love this place.  Way friendly staff, good pizza, great happy hour, and the bar is a total friendly neighborhood hang out.If you are not up for pizza, try the tuna melt, or the lasagna.Cheers,D
5	Have been to Humble Pie several times, and have never been disappointed! The bruschetta is AMAZING, as well as the pizza. The happy hour is great, and we have always received spectacular service. 5 stars!!!
4	Staff is amazing and made my first visit a great one. Pizza is great. Not the best I've ever had but it was delicious. Plenty to chose from on the menu. Good happy hour specials. Will have to stop by again and spend more time here.
5	I love this place. Great tacos and enchiladas. Meat or vegetable fillings. You have to try their sweet and spicy cornbread.
3	Eh. I don't know. Very mixed experience here.Appetizer: Caprese burrata was very bitter, drenched in oil, and was not worth the price. I would definitely skip this.Pizza: Tried the margherita, which was good. I liked the crust a lot - not too thin, not too thick, and cooked well. Toppings were fresh and nice.Drinks: Tried some wine and beer. Prices were fine. Selection was fine. Nothing extraordinary.Ambiance: Once again, fine. This place is probably good if you want to bring kids and/or a large group. Maybe not the most romantic restaurant if that's what you're looking for.Service: Good. Our server was always attentive and polite.Overall, I don't think I would ever be in the mood specifically for Humble Pie, but if my first choice restaurant was really busy with a long wait, I think Humble Pie would be a very solid backup that I would be happy to dine at. Given how good the margherita pizza is, I am hopeful the other pizzas are good too.
4	Sunday kids eat free! And the salad/pizza lunch special is super huge. Everything was super good.
1	Got a pepperoni pizza.  it was terrible.   The dough was undercooked in the center and the crust was overcooked.  The sauce tasted like tomato paste right out of the can.  Very disappointing.  A lot of great reviews, maybe I went on a down day.
3	We got the pepperoni and pesto chicken pizzas and the Caesar and vegetable salads. Everything was decent. Great service, but the pizzas weren't something my taste assigned with. Definitely not bad, just not my thing.
5	The egg pizza is the bomb!!  Also, awesome garlic fries and a great chopped salad.  Everyone we recommended the egg pizza to loved it!!
4	I got taken here for my birthday lunch by coworkers.  The appetizers of zucchini was great and the fried mozzarella outstanding - not too cheesy.  The harvest salad i had was really good and very fresh.  The pazooki for dessert great too.
5	I recently moved to the area so this was my first culinary venture in the 'hood. Happy starts at 11:00 am?!?! What a delight!!! My daughter and I each had the Express lunch, 10" pizza with half salad. I had the strawberry and goat cheese salad and she had the Caesar. Both were so delicious! For pizza I had the prosciutto and fig pizza which was a lot of fun. I didn't think I would eat the whole thing In one sitting but I did!My daughter had the pepperoni and her only complaint was she thought there were too many pepperonis on her pie. I don't see how that could be a bad thing but some kids are funny that way!They had some other interesting combinations and I'll surely be back to try them all!!!
2	This was a place I wanted to like, but fell short. It was a busy night to their credit, but not impressive. A bit cramped, no personality on the waitress and the food was okay.I get it, with the trend of all the "Artisan" pizza places opening up, the ingredient were fresh, but I think the atmosphere killed it for me. The "Cheese Bread" is nothing more than a cheese pizza and the actual pizza I ordered I did not like at all.I was given the opportunity to order something else from the menu, but assumed that I would be paying for both items since a substitution was not offered for my disliking the first dish. I understand, I did order it so I suppose that my fault, but now I know.
4	Tried this place for the first time today and it was good! The food was great and the staff was very friendly. I will most likely be coming back.
1	One of the worst places I have been to as far as service. This occurred on a Tuesday afternoon around 2:00 pm when the restaurant was practically empty before the drinks were placed on the table. I walked in the front door and was asked what can I help you with. After trying to figure out what was meant by the question I was able to say table for two and was told sit any where.  As I was looking around to find a table to sit at I noticed the waiters following us. I peaked outside to check out the patio. The tables were dirty. I then decided to sit down at a table inside as I made this choice I made a comment to the waitress about how indecisive I am. She did not respond. After sitting down the waitress asked us what we wanted to drink. My wife ordered a lemonade. I asked "do you have root beer?" The waitress replied no with an attitude. She did not give me any options as to other drink options. So I order water. After treatment to this point I asked my wife if we could go somewhere else. As I was walking out my wife told them we changed our minds. I stated "that was the rudest service I have had. The response I received was "whatever." Needless to say I will not return to this location and will not recommend this place to anyone else. I usually do not complain and usually can make it through any type of service. I have never walked out before getting my drinks.
5	Humble Pie has quickly turned into one of my favorite restaurants in the midtown area. The food is terrific; I'm addicted to the tuna sandwich, and the lunch half-sandwich special is a great deal. You basically get a whole sandwich with a corner cut off plus a salad. And of course the pizza is cravable too. But what inspired me to write this review is the staff, who has been consistently friendly and accommodating. We had a birthday party there, and Aimee took amazing, patient care of everyone there. Rebecca and the other bartenders and waitstaff are also committed to making the guest have a great experience. Plus, they have great happy hour specials. It's a good place.
4	I was needing pizza's for a customer as close to 11am as possible. I called around to 5 other pizza places who had no interest in helping me. I called them and told them my predicament and they were more than willing to help me. Not to mention their pizza was very good!!! Thank you!
3	I went yesterday for lunch and the express lunch deal is the way to go. However I had the apple salad and they put a little too much dressing. The pizza was awesome love the prosciutto and fig pizza is super delicious!
3	ehh, I've had better. Okey environment, especially during happy hour but there are a few other places nearby that I think strive to achieve more.
4	Came here for the first time with a group of friends on out lunch break. We all got the express lunch special: a 10in pizza and side salad. I ordered the margherita and added olives with a Caesar salad. I liked the pizza but it had less olives than the veggie pizza, which was funny. I tried a slice of the arugula and goat cheese, and that was good too. Overall nice place and friendly service. I tend to prefer the make your own pizza places lately but this was a lot of food for a decent price.
1	Watch your receipts then tend to pad their tips. We order something small and because of that we left a 30% tip. Apparently that wasn't enough. That's not the worst part. When we called the management they were appalled we wanted the extra tip back. They thought it was crazy we were asking for it. You do realize that if he's adding to us he's probably adding to others as well?Food was fine, as was the service, but......
1	I used to LOVE  this place. I would go often but after what happened to me this past Friday I won't be returning.  Two friends and I went over after work and sat down. We waited and waited for someone to greet us. There was only 1 other table    with customers. The young waiter with the long puffy hair and backwards red hat came over and chatted with them several times, looked over at us and kept walking.  We gave him benefit of doubt thinking he was serving the other table. Even the young lady at the other was shocked he wasn't asknowledging us, making a comment like " I know he saw them" to her friend. We are working professionals in the area, not a group of hobos sitting there. After close to 30 minutes the other lady got up to get the waiter after he ignored us waving him over. We were so beyond insulted we left and went next door to The Main Ingredient which was soooooo much better. OMG talk about fresh delicious food. Sorry Humble Pie, your racist/sexist, rude, ignorant horrible whatever waiter killed it for us. We will be sure to let everyone know about this experience. We will be moving our group over to The Main Ingredient.
3	We visited on a Sunday and were the second customers in the small restaurant. The servers we spoke with were very nice, though service itself was surprisingly slow considering how few folks were dining. We never did get water refills and had a 15 minute wait to get our check, and had to flag someone down.I ordered the lunch express with a veggie salad, and fig and prosciutto pizza. The salad was okay; it was a bit heavy on beans, so that flavor dominated. I liked the crust of the pizza. The toppings were tasty though the fig jam was in very heavy dollops. I really liked how the fig flavor worked with the prosciutto and goat cheese.My husband had the lunch express with the Caesar salad and meat lovers pizza. He found both to be okay, but they didn't strike him as standing out in a "wow" kind of way.Really, the lunch express is a very good buy. The pizzas were okay but we wouldn't go out of our way to come here again. There are a few other pizza places around with a lot more oomph and more attentive service as well.
5	Love this place. I definitely think we get more bang for our buck during hh than date night but I love that they have different options during the week for deals. My favorite is the pesto pizza but I could live off their fries with aolie! Only downside is their options of mixed drinks. I've gotten three different martinis off their menu before and they aren't worth the price. Now I know just to get a glass of wine or their sangria is pretty good. Highly recommended!
