5	Burrito Drive, I've been there once and loved it.  Its just off of Willy Street on Brearly, not the best location in the world and I fear it will get overlooked for that reason.  Regardless they're food is great.  Its not authentic Mexican, but it doesn't pretend to be - this is new Mexican food in all its glorious well combined tastiness.  I had a sweet potato burrito that was phenomenal.  They serve beer as well and have a nice little dining room.  You gotta check out Burrito Drive when you get a chance, maybe next time you're doing laundry since the laundromat is right next door.
5	Best Mid-Wexican food out there. Okay, they're probably the only Mid-wex restaurant out there, but they're still outright stellar.Just to give you an idea of what you can create there, my burrito is a create your own: tator tots, cranberry salsa, sweet potato puree, pickled onions, rice, black beans, asadero cheese. With options like the "Hungry Hippy" and "White Trash" (complete with Velveeta and Spam), you do not have to have a boring burrito. (But you can if you'd like!)The staff at the counter are friendly and will even bring your food out to you if you're nice.
4	Loves the burrito drive! Be sure to order a specialty burrito, if you try to build your own you'll just screw it up! The braised pork and shamena burritos are favorites at our house. An order of chips is enough for one person. Probably skip the chips and dip - the bean dip isn't very good and the amount of  guac you get is not worth the price. --below I clicked beer and wine - they only have beer.
4	It's a really good place. They have amazing, innovative ideas like "white trash" burritos and whatnot. It sortof reminds me of Ian's pizza but..for Mexican food. They offer pretty decent delivery(a little slow but you get it). I really recommend their cheese enchiladas..as far as those go - really good. I'm not as much of a fan of their sides(rice&beans) as I've been at other places and the prices are fair.
4	Really good food.  It's creative and fun, I love the sweet potato puree in the burritos.  The garlic crema is amazing as well.  The delivery is fairly fast, the only reason i gave it 4 stars was because i think it's a bit pricey.
4	The Sheh-meh-neh burrito is the best thing to eat at Burrito Drive.  It has big pieces of bacon and sweet potato puree, which make a great combination.  And I don't even like sweet potatoes.  All of the other burritos I've tried here are good too, but I keep going back to the Sheh-meh-neh.  Other than burritos I've had the wings and chips and salsa, all good but not anything too special.  I know they deliver, but I usually go in person to get my fix.  You just walk up to the counter to get service.  The people who work there are friendly, but sometimes you might have to ring the bell to get their attention.  Their prices are fair, a little higher than what you might pay at another burrito place, but I think it's worth it.
5	Burrito Drive almost single-handedly saves deilvery food in Madison from boredom and closing too early.  The food is fresh and hand-made, easy to customize and not what you'd expect (and that sweet potato business is AMAZING!).  Delivery is usually very quick, accurate and friendly even at 2am.   I do wish it was a little less expensive, but I realize the value in paying more for fresh and hand-made and delivered to my door.
5	Greatest Mexican delivery in Madison. My friend, Monika, and I have decided to stay in multiple nights to order the delicious Burrito Drive. Our favs are the tacos with carne asada, carne asada quesadillas and cookie dough empanadas. All divine. I will continue to order Burrito Drive for the rest of my time in Madison.
3	The house salad was very good actually. I liked the mix of greens and the dressing, the whole thing tasted fresh. I had a carnitas burrito which was good, bismati rice and sweet potato in side was a good flavor. I didn't really like the green salsa, it was more sweet than savory. I'd defiantly order this again but try a different salsa next time.
5	One of the only delivery places in downtown Madison that's open late night.Perfect for when I'm out with my friends and the line for Jins Chicken is too long and even better for a lazy night in.The prices are reasonable and the food is pretty incredible.Count me in anytime for Burrito Drive
2	As much as I've come to love their burritos, I'm giving up on Burrito Drive. I've tried over the summer to keep my enthusiasm but I'm not trying any more.The only good thing about this place is the food.  The bad things, listed here, have caused me to walk away: (1) slowness of service, (2) late deliver times, and (3) inaccuracy of the orders.(1) If I place an order over the phone to pick up at your location, don't tell me to be there in 10 minutes when, 10 minutes later, you haven't even started on my order.  Also, don't say, "No, it will be ready in 10 minutes" when I offer to be there in 15 or 20 minutes.(2) If you tell me that the order will be delivered in 30 to 50 minutes, don't show up in an hour.(3) If I order chips and salsa, bring me the damn salsa.
4	Yum yum yum...Got this delivered last night... While it may have been the most I have spent on delivery ($35), it was good food, especially considering it is fast and cheesy, greasy Mexican fare.I got the cheese enchiladas and while they bordered on being too cheesy, I finished them quickly! They were really good.  My man got the burrito.  I don't remember what it was called but it was huge and packed with beef and he really enjoyed it.  We also got chips and dip and the bean dip stuff was really good, just wish we would've gotten more.  They also have really good guac and pico.I will definately be ordering from here again!
5	Stoner heaven! There's nothing else you can call a place that delivers burritos, stays open to 3 am, and sits next to Bongo Video. But no matter what your frame of mind, this place is the bomb. I'm so glad they're on my way home from work, so I can swing by and pick up a burrito if I'm leaving late and don't feel like making dinner. Whatever you order, make sure it includes the sweet potato puree - like pureed gold.
2	So inconsistant, it's not worth the money.I've eatten delivery three times now. Two times they screwed up my order, and one time they screwed up the other person's order. Infact the very last time, she ordered something straight from the menu, and they didn't put cheese on it, like the menu said. One time we ordered off their dessert menu, and they gave us something with beef in it. We called them to let them know and they actually argued with us. They tried telling us we were confused at what we were ordering. We ordered chocolate and we got beef, we wern't confused. They told us we wouldn't be getting our dessert unless we still had the beef things and we said that was fine...But come on, what are they going to do with the food after they delivered it? Plus, no one ever apologized or compensated us for a vegitarian biting down into a beef something when it should have been dessert!The only reason why we tried it three times is because when they actually got the order right, the food was pretty good, and it's a great plus that they deliver practically always.
2	In a word, too expensive.The food is creative and fun, but it's not at a price point that most of the people who would be interested in this place are at.  Their chips and salsa is pure highway robbery too.  They charge $5.75 for it and must make about $4.00 per order.  My burrito (the Sheh-Meh-Neh) was actually pretty good, but there was something in it that tasted off.  It could have just been that one burrito, but I couldn't finish it---and that's not because it's a decent-sized burrito.  I ended up spending close to $16 on a burrito and chips, and I admit that the shock I felt then (I didn't realize the chips were so expensive) is infecting this review.  It may, in fact, be "New Mexican Food" but it's priced for the Nouveau Riche.I would try other items on their menu, but I would much rather spend $10 elsewhere.  Perhaps some night when I'm hammered and money is flowing out of my pocket as fast as alcohol is pouring into my liver.  Until then, Adios.
4	Got the create your own tacos for 7.25, soft flour, carne asada, asadero cheese, and pico de gallo salsa. For what seems like whole on wall (it'd be easy to miss this restaurant since it's not facing the street and it's next to coin laundry). The wait was worth it. Carne asada was very good. I agree with one of the reviewers, price for a lot of items on the menu is kind of on the high side. If you are in Madison, a must-go foodie place.
4	Surprisingly tasty.  Who would have thought that tater tots on a burrito would work?  They do, quite nicely on the Hungry Hippie.  The husband had the High Roller and he was quite happy with the steak, but particularly the bacon was not cheap bacon, which is always a bonus.  And the hot salsa/ sauce (as it is a bit on the chunkier side) is actually pretty hot with decent flavor without singeing off the taste buds.  The space is small but apparently they deliver so if you're nearby, then you don't have to worry about finding a space in which to enjoy your yummy deliciousness.  They are open late hours, which is also a bonus.  Pretty sure when we return to the area, we'll be seeking out this little spot for a meal - good stuff!
3	I would give this place 5 stars but it's to hit or miss. The flavors are always spot on. Just sometimes if you order a burrito you either get a nice amount of meat, or just rice and beans. And for $10 a burrito I want my F-ing meat.
4	It's a great, creative restaurant. Small, kind of a hole in the wall, but they come up with a lot of tasty dishes. I never would have thought to put sweet potato puree in a burrito, but surprisingly, it works! I love the BD quesadilla and Carnitas burrito. If you call for delivery, service is quite fast. The people who work there are fast, friendly and efficient.
4	Good late night foods. Inventive burritos, OK execution. Could use better tortillas and some better ingredients. Open very late, which is a plus.
2	I actually really enjoy a few of their menu items. The sheh-meh-neh burrito with sweet potato puree, chicken, rice, and pickled red onions is friggin delicious. The black bean dip stuff and several other items I've had from there are really yummy, and the food is in generous portions.  So on flavor and promptness I give this 4/5.    However, now that I have ordered their food several times, I can sadly report that they screw up the order more regularly than I can tolerate, occasionally the people I speak to on the phone seem to have no idea what they have on their menu or how to operate the computer, and sometimes a burrito will arrive so badly composed that all of one item will be in one part of the burrito, another in the middle, another at the other end. Which obviously makes a much less delicious meal.  So on service and consistency, a 2.    I also had the misfortune to order the 'Goldenrod Tres Leches' the other day. It's $6.50, so I expected it would actually maybe be a real piece of cake, perhaps. To my HORROR  when it arrived, it turned out to comprise of 3 twinkies swimming in condensed milk and then frozen. ABOMINATION! KILL IT!  To be fair I even tried to eat it. This proved impossible.  I had half a mind to call and yell at whatever poor soul happened to be manning the phone that day and demand my money back for the atrocity they served me. How could they even justify such an item? Let alone charging almost $7 after tax for it. But then, all their items seem just a tad overpriced. So for price I give it a 2 or 3/5.  Its still affordable, but some items are much more overpriced than others.   Overall, I may someday crave a certain heavy burrito again, but I wouldn't generally go out of my way to recommend this place.
4	Delivery until 3 AM! Sit down seating available. There is something for everyone on this menu. Good selection of vegetarian options. Try the house salad and the won tons! Not really Mexican food, more Mexican-inspired.
5	Classic Tacos all the way! And the delivery drivers are totally sexy!
2	I just noticed this was so highly rated and wanted to send a little more reality the way of the burrito drive. The only thing it has going for it is the fact it delivers, and would pass for a business meeting or simple catered event. If you are looking to go out to enjoy some Mexican food-you can look pretty much anywhere else and be happier.  I've tried this place a couple times over a year ago now, but doubt anything has changed. I disagree with the implication that chipotle or qdoba is inferior to this place. They are comparable, but I would rank chipotle significantly higher. So long as you don't think of this place as a mexican restaurant or receive the food for free, you might not be disappointed.Come here to remind yourself just how good places like El Pastor and Taqueria Guadalajara are.
5	We looove you, burrito drive! The sheh-meh-nah burrito is amaaaahzing!
4	No doubt, my favorite for yummy mexican style goodness.I usually stick to ordering pizza or asian...however...I tried ordering a big yummy burrito from my fave spot and lo and behold....MAGNIFIQUE....I'm in love and now harboring the best 'food baby' one could have.
4	I am glad you exist Burrito Drive. You fill a much needed space in the food service here. LATE night and hang over food. Thank you for the hungry hippy. Also the Breakfast Burrito is so so so delicious, excellent addition. XX This is not a sit down, bring your family Mexican restaurant if that is what you are looking for.
1	Even after a night of drowning my tastebuds in liquor, when I am too drunk to be sure exactly how I got to Burrito Drive, I am still sober enough to realize that I have just been served dog food in a tortilla.Do not make the mistake of ordering, unless it is 3 AM and you are desperate for a late night taco. Even then, I'm pretty sure Taco Bell is still open.Will I go back? Sadly, it's too close to Plan B for me to be guarantee that I won't. Curse you late night cravings!
3	A little trashy but open late and a good way to get some grease after you've been drinking. The food is not great, but it's edible. I thought waiting 20 minutes for burritos was a bit long, especially since they weren't busy at the time.
2	We were pretty hungry and didn't feel like cooking, so we made the short walk over to Burrito Drive for a late-ish night carry-out meal. The staff was friendly; the ordering process was painless. It seemed to take a while for our order to be prepared; I'd say we waited around 15-20 minutes before we had our grub and were heading back home.I ordered the classic carne asada tacos with corn tortillas. Friend ordered a custom-made taco with chicken, black beans, and some other goodies. The order included complimentary chips and salsa (we ordered the Hot (roasted habanero)). And because I'm a glutton, I ordered the tater tots with a side of nacho cheese. The total order cost about $20 - more than reasonable.The chips and salsa were great - the chips were fresh, crispy, and perfect thickness. The roasted habanero salsa was the real star of the meal. Smokey, a little bit of heat, and bursting with flavor - we loved it.My carne asada classic tacos were meh at best. Actually, they were less than meh... each taco consisted of two tiny gristly, greasy, flavorless strips of "steak", a bunch of processed shredded cheese, and pickled red onion. I detected no guac; pico was served on the side. The corn tortillas were mushy and "clingy" - they tore easily.Friend built their own taco combo with chicken, black beans, lettuce, onion, pico, and salsa. It was reported that it was tasty and really fresh, so perhaps I made a poor choice in going with my "standard" carne asada tacos... The tots were crispy, but coldish; the nacho cheese was your typical fake cheese goo that you'll find on most convenice store nachos.So...Value = 2 starsService = 3.5 stars (friendly staff, slow food preparation)Quality = 1.5 stars (salsa was the best part of the experience)MISC = 3 stars (seating area seamed nice; decent food containers for carry out)Pros:- They're open late, and they deliver- The build-your-own option may be the best bet- Hot salsa was excellent
5	The specials of Burrito Drive are (you guessed it) burritos! They serve up some interesting variations on this Mexican staple, my favorite being the She-meh-neh burrito. This combination of chicken, bacon, sweet potato filling, rice, cheese, and onions fulfill the sweet, savory, and umami flavors that make me crave food from here more often than I like to admit.They have good tasting meat here, which is something I consider very important while grading any restaurant. It's succulent and charred meat has been much more of a hit than a miss for the many times I've ordered from here. This is one of my main go-tos for delicious and unique food in Madison.
4	I love burrito drive! First, they are the only delivery place to brings piping hot burritos to your door...until 3am. Talk about service! :-) Second, I am a super picky eater so I always get the build your own, which is more than I can eat in one sitting and at a reasonable price! :-)
5	Surf and Turf torta.  One of the best sandwiches ever! I am a big fan of BD. so nice that they deliver late to the near west side of town.
3	I am now updating my review of Burrito Drive, as they seemed to have improved their ability to deliver the items purchased. In fact, their delivery service now seems pretty fast, and the food is better. The grilled chicken has a delicious char, the local bacon is caramelized and rich, and the burritos seem better composed than they once were.  Their guacamole is also wonderful, if a little overpriced.I stand by my previous statement regarding their so called "Golden Rod Tres Leches,"  which is an atrocity against mankind, composed of three frozen twinkies swimming in melted whipped cream and condensed milk.  Stick to the burritos.
5	Read thru most of these reviews earlier and just ordered some delivery  from this place for the first time! Overall was pretty impressed with the taste of my shee  meh neh burrito and guacamole . Everything tasted fresh and each had its own unique tase, very good! Delivery took about 40 minutes but no big deal driver was nice and as said in a previous review was pretty sexy! ;) lol
3	Came here around midnight on a weeknight after a couple drinks at a bar.Seems mostly like a drunk food joint though it was pretty empty.Interior was clean and there was a TV showing ESPN.  Service was very friendly and decently speedy.Sheh-meh-neh Burrito was good, especially the sweet potato filling.High roller burrito was OK... a bit bland.Tortilla chips and salsa were bland and limp.Tortilla wraps for the burritos were pretty unremarkable, too.Overall an OK place for late night food.
3	Food can be hit or miss, but there are some real gems in their menu, you just have to find them.  I pretty much always stick to the steak and eggs burrito (there are not any eggs in it) which is a great, though very rich, combination of steak, cheese, and hollandaise sauce.  The cranberry salsa is seriously good and the chocolate bread pudding is addicting.  Seriously, there are nights I order dinner from them just to get the bread pudding.  The chips and salsa are good, but overpriced for how much you get and the fish and tacos are bland.  I'd recommend trying some of the more unusual flavor combinations as that's where Burrito Drive shines.
2	I was hungry, it was filling and I ate it.  Built my own tacos, chose the pork, also added beans & guacamole.  Overall flavorless, some spice but the cheese was barely melted and I've made better guacamole with avocado & salsa than what was on there.  Small selection compared to a real Mexican place, no taquitos or chile relleno, or even a boring old taco salad.  Pickled onions reminded me of the south if the border plate at the Weary.  Overall I'm not impressed and for the prices, won't order again unless someone else pays.
2	I'm picky about restaurants, so it takes a lot for me to recommend one. I didn't like the food here and wouldn't go again.
4	Full disclosure: I have no fucking clue where this place is. What is a Brearly Street anyway?  So many questions. What I do know is that when I'm in Madison for a couple days I eventually have a pretty civilized conversation with my stomach. It goes like this:Stomach: Burrito?Me: We just had breakfast.S: Yeah, but burrito.Me: They don't open until 11.S:  Ok so burrito at 11?Me: Maybe.S. Don't you dare maybe me I will fucking end you.Girlfriend: Who are you talking to?Me: What? I'm not talking to anybody. Who would I be talking to? You're crazy. How do you feel about burritos for lunch?Girlfriend: Again? OK. (leaves room)S: That's right, bitches. Come to daddy, braised pork burrito.So roughly 30 minutes after I'm verbally abused by one of my own internal organs a guy magically shows up with a tasty treat for me. I like the braised pork burrito, the high roller burrito and the steak quesadilla. When I eat them my stomach stops saying mean things to me and I don't have to cry myself to sleep.
1	So bad!! I had the yuckiest sweet potato quesadilla. Couldn't eat more than two bites. I won't give it another try.
3	Good food for Anglicized Mexican. Only order the tacos for delivery if you have access to a microwave as they'll probably not stay warm on the journey. Still, despite that, enjoyed the food more than I thought I would and delivery time was more than reasonable for the time I ordered it. Overall, a little pricey, but taste wise it's worth it. Would still recommend saving yourself a few dollars and order for carryout instead of delivery.
4	The house enchiladas with chorizo and shrimp are awesome!  Everything they sell is over par for a delivery mexican style restaurant but the prices are fairly high too.  I order from here quite a bit because the taste of the food is worth the extra couple bucks.
5	I don't order out a great deal but when I do it is usually late.  Burrito Drive delivers late.  I like that.  I also like that they do have a fair amount of vegetarian options.  The burritos are big.  So much so that I normally have half for the moment and the second half the morning after.  I have had the Hungry Hippy and alway get the beans and rice or chips and guacamole as a side.  Is this a meal fit for a king?  Of course not, but who would expect that of any restaurant that is affordable and delivers to the college campus crowd?  Are they better than most?  You betcha.  They deliver on time, the food is always very good and I have never once thought to complain. My only negative is that they are slightly, and I mean slightly, on the expensive side but again, measuring food quality to late delivery and customer service, I think that it is appropriate.  (Tip your delivery guy well people, regardless of from where they are delivering!)All in all, I like Burrito Drive and have willingly and will willingly use them often.
5	I've been ordering from these guys for almost a year. This is probably one of the best burrito places I've ever eaten at. The Sheh-meh-neh burrito is UNBELIEVABLE! Delicious tender succulent marinated chicken, with some red onions, topped with a thin layer of sweet potato puree!It's that wonderful euphoric delight where both salty and sweet collide and form a paradise in your mouth...like a chocolate covered pretzel...or pigs in a blanket! I love this place and order from it so much, they knew me by name...kinda embarrassing but awesome at the same time.If you're looking for a late night snack or just a mid-day fill up, I highly recommend Burrito Drive.
5	Amazingly unique!  Who knew a burrito could be this delicious?  They have something for everyone and every taste.  Love it!  You will be in a food coma afterward, however.  Large portions.  I thoroughly love this place and love that they deliver (quickly)!  Fresh ingredients and savory.
5	This is the most delicious non-Mexican Mexican food I've had in Madison. Is it fine dining wrapped in normcore clothes? Small business fast-casual with Midwestern pragmatism? *shrugs*Our guy behind the counter rec'd the Sheh-meh-neh burrito, which was on point, who knew sweet potato mash goes good in burritos, but I was rightfully suspicious of his red sauce rec bc I know my body and my body likes green sauce so that's what I went with. Holy chicken it was delicious. Carnitas tacos were also nothing to mess with and they came in an easy to deliver box (we ordered to go). The meat bits were crispy and tender with a little hint of sweet, tasty good with green sauce and slaw. The interior is kind of damp and drab, but I suppose they provide tables and chairs out of courtesy. Most of their business seems to run on delivery or takeout. *this review was written while completely sober.
3	They'll deliver a burrito - that's cool. The burritos are essentially drunk food, lots of protein and not that exotic, but they fill you up.More than one of their delivery guys have given me desperate phone calls, asking where my house is cause it's dark (after over an hour of waiting). They pay no attention to "hold the onions" either - again, based on repeated experiences. Ahh Willy street hippies....
4	One of the near east-sides best late night bites. When the other advertised late night restaurants say they are open - but predictably are not... Head to Burrito Drive. Indulge in the tater-tots... Love the tacos. Interestingly I don't order the burritos.
2	I am pretty upset with Burrito Drive this evening. After spending close to $40 (with tip mind you) I did not receive my chips for my chips and guacamole. I called immediately and was offered a coupon for free chips and salsa. I said that I really just wanted my chips and could I please just get those, The young woman on the phone said they were pretty busy and she would have to wait till the delivery driver got back to even see if that was possible (I have worked at restaurants that deliver, why couldn't she call the driver to see if that could happen? don't they have a cell phone? it's pretty hard to be a delivery driver without a cell phone) She said she would ask the driver as soon as they got back, I called 40 minutes later and it was pretty clear the driver had not even been asked yet. She said the driver would bring some to my house quickly, It is now 55 minutes since that second call and almost 2 1/2 hours since I first placed my order. Still no chips. :( Why would I want the chips and guacamole without the chips? Super disappointed in the service tonight. Don't know that I will be spending my money again any time soon. May seem like a simple thing, but I really wanted chips and guacamole and I paid for them so I should have received the chips or if it wasn't possible to deliver then take the chips off my bill.The point is, I was in the middle of doing homework that was time sensitive and I couldn't leave my house. Thus the reason I got delivery. So yes chips are a simple thing to go get, but I shouldn't have to when I already paid to have chips delivered.
5	I have found my 'Vetos' of Madison!!!!! (If you don't know what I'm talking about reference down to my review of Vetos (;)So happy when my roommates brought me here, and when I learned that they deliver! And they serve beer :)Definitely a place to hit up after the bar from some good Drunk People Food. My roommates ended up getting the steak quesidilla, tater tots, and the chips and cheese (Which is just tortilla chips and a cup of cheese) and their friend got the Fish Tacos, I on the other hand got possibly the best tasting thing ever at 2am The Hungry Hippie Burrito. So good, yet so messy! It had Rice, tater tots, guac, and Mexican salw I believe it was. I got a side of Sour Cream, and their Red Salsa with it. It paired perfectly while watching Family Guy on the TV (You never can go wrong with Family Guy while eating a burrito, drunk.) I only finish about a 4th of it due to it being so big, but bagged up the left overs, and was on our way.
4	Looking for authentic Mexican food? Then this is the place... that you should not order from.  But! I still love Burrito Drive because it is fast and easy.  Usually I just create my own burrito, but if you're feeling sleezy, you can always try the White Trash Burrito, which features American delicacies such as Spam and Velveeta.
3	Because I have frequent late-night food cravings (especially after several hours of heavy drinking, which is not an uncommon occurrence for me) and love a good burrito, I have now visited Burrito Drive four times since moving to Madison less than a month ago. The major pro of this place is that it's open until 3 a.m., making it the perfect place to go after last call when you need some protein in your stomach to soak up all the excess alcohol. The major con, unfortunately, is the food. Although the unique, off-the-wall combinations of ingredients were an initial source of enticement, every burrito I've ordered has been extremely bland--just no flavor whatsoever. And considering that one Google reviewer actually described his meal as "a spiritual experience," I was more than a little let down to find burrito after burrito underseasoned and underwhelming (especially considering the prices). That being said, I do appreciate that they are open so late, and I've never experienced anything but excellent service. And this place must have something going for it if I keep coming back (albeit in an intoxicated state most of the time). A solid three stars.
4	Last night was my second experience with Burrito Drive and I'm officially a fan. I ordered the steak quesadilla (with a side of guacamole) and my husband got the adobo chicken burrito. He really enjoyed his burrito (it was plenty good, I snuck a bite), but once he tried my steak quesadilla, that was it. He said: Oh man, I'm ordering that next time. And I totally get why. Because, um yeah............it was awesome!The tortilla was crispy & warm & a little buttery. And the steak was SO tender and flavorful and delicious. Then there's the Asadero cheese, which is perfection - just the right combination of creamy and salty. Their red salsa is great, with just the right amount of smokiness & spice. And the guac - you guys! The guacamole is definitely worth the extra $$$. Definitely. The only aside were the tater tots which were underwhelming. They were lukewarm and no longer crispy by the time I got our order home, but I can't allow that to tarnish our positive experiences. Tots just don't hold/travel well, even when it's just a short distance.Their portions are exceptionally sized and we have yet to be disappointed. We will be back. And we'll both get the steak quesadilla and you'll be sad you don't have one. It's just that good. Go on...... Give it a try.  :o)
