5	I've always wanted to go to drive ins as a kid, and I'm kind of glad that this is one of the few ones that still exist. It's really close to where I live, and I like the idea of seeing a movie while chilling in the car and bringing your own snacks and drinks. We've gone twice now. It's super cheap only $6.50 per person and you get to see a double feature of new releases. We would sneak over to another lot if we didn't like the choice of one or the other movies. Not sure if we are allowed to, but other people do it and no one really stops you. You just have to be diligent at trying to find the new radio station to tune into. The sound quality is good and picture quality too. During the day, they use the lots for a flea market. Haven't done that yet, but it seems like fun to check it out
5	I love going to the drive in! Its so fun and cheep! Plus you get to see 2 movies for the price of one and there not crap movies. We like to back our truck up, open the back, put all of the food and drinks out and then sit on lawn chairs. The kid(s) can stand up and stretch and have a great time. There is a concision stand where you can buy food, candy and drink if you forgot stuff, but bring your own if you can. Also bring a little boom box for the radio station so you don't have to waste the battery in your car. We saw some people having to get jumped the last time we where there because they had their car radio on for like 4 hrs and it died. Go give it a try its really fun and worth the $6 to get in!
5	The first movie I ever remember seeing was here, back in 1992. On and off through my life, I've dropped into this theater, and I've watched new releases no fewer than 100 times. It's a huge lot where you park, turn on a radio, and watch a movie outdoors. The sound quality is not as good as it could be, but you're getting a double feature for around 7 bucks, so stop whining.Bring a beer. Have a smoke. Cuddle up in blankets, when weather permits. If you're anything like me, you'll be too busy stargazing to remember what the movie was about. Oh, and here are some protips:-Drive slowly: Lots of kids! Did I mention the playground for them?-Snack bar is glorious! -Tuesdays are extra cheap-This place is ***CASH ONLY***There are a few flaws, but you try maintaining an outdoor lot this huge. I've been here way too many times to give it less than a perfect score: it's awesome.Take your kids.Take a date.Take your friends.Just get over here!
5	I love the drive in. We turn up the stereo and climb up on the hood of the car just like when we were kids. You can bring your own popcorn, snacks, drinks: you're not limited to the crap they sell for 5 bucks a pop at the concession stand in normal movie theaters. Tuesday nights are "Family" nights it's only $4.50 a person! What a bargain!!!
5	Wow! what a fun place! I love coming here once in awhile. You get two! That's right Two features, just like the old days! Place is very large, have plenty of room. Now on family nights it can get crowded, also remember! This is a good place to bring your family! Please drive slowly! You also have to remember, this is a drive-in. It's not going to be like watching a movie at a theater. Sound is only as good as your system. But it's a great experience!
5	I'm really sorry that I missed out on the one in Scottsdale as I heard that it was a bit nicer since it was on grass/dirt lots.I'm from back east and there the Drive-Ins have gone the way of the buffalo.  Attending this place this past fall was the first experience I've ever had with a drive in......and it ruled!Bring your own food (pizza at Luna Pizza nearby), some lawn chairs, beers...I mean..uh....sodas, and see two first run movies for next to nothing.If you havent' experienced this yet you are truly missing out.
5	My husband and I love this place! We go at least once a week!!! come on how can you not? on tuesdays its $4.50 for two movies and the rest of the weekdays it's only $6.50. you have privacy, you can talk without feeling horrible, and to my husband's delight he can smoke! i should probably check in more often but in any case ill be going tonight! :)
5	This past Friday was mine and J's first trip (Saw The Avengers) to The Glendale West Wind Drive-In.  Though we still have a bitter taste in our mouths due to Scottsdale 6 closing (THANKS SRPMIC...grrrr), this location serves as a decent replacement.  Paved lots. Kids playground. Newer bathrooms. (Newer than what was a The Six)Still $6.50 for a double feature. You can still bring your own food and drinks.  Though it's a slight drive for us, J and I will definitely be bringing Baby C. here when we want to enjoy a movie night.  Long Live Nostalgia and a Piece of Americana.
3	I miss Scottsdale!!! Waaaahhh! Beyond the whining I heard from my son, I thought there were going to be drive-by's in this ghetto. Then there were the idiots that don't know how to park in the back if they have a large vehicle so they don't block the view. And people obviously don't know that when a movie starts at 8pm, you're not supposed to drive up & down the lanes at 9pm, blinding people with your lights or blocking the movie. I missed a good portion of The Avengers, and beside the price being right, I probably won't come here again, at least with kids.
3	This one is definitely "a-ok" compared Scottsdale. At this location they seem more strict. They won't tell you where all the movies are playing because apparently you're not allowed to move screens. That was never a problem in Scottsdale. Also, it's a little ghetto over here. I saw one of the workers chase a van down because he saw people hiding in the back LOL. The ghetto bird was also flying over during our movie. I hate driving in the area because it's so far and I feel a little unsafe, especially when a movie ends really late. We only go here because we have a toddler and we don't have to worry about him bothering anyone. I'm still hoping Scottsdale 6 will reopen!
5	I've been going here for over 30 years.  My parents took me here as a kid.  I still remember the first movie I saw there, It was Clash of the Titans.  This place has so many memories and I still have a good time there.  I've always brought my own food and drinks so I can't comment on the snack bar. But I have always felt safe there and someday I plan on bringing my baby there if I ever manage to stay awake that late.Everyone should try the drive in movies experience, there are only a few left in the whole country and we are lucky to have one here.
5	Everyone should go to a drive in movie at least once in their lives, and Phoenix is damn lucky to still have one.My family loves this place.I saw Escape from New York here way back in 1981 with my parents.  And while my parents were transfixed on the action movie in front of them, my little brother and I were looking out the back window in utter amazement at the cartoon Heavy Metal playing across the drive in...hehehe...  (Boy, was THAT an eye opener for a couple of doe eyed kids who'd only seen G-Rated cartoons like Looney Toons up to that point!)Anyway, this is THE place to go if you are taking babies or fidgety, wiggly, talkative little children to see a movie....that pretty much describes MY kids.  Mom and dad can watch a movie and tend to their chatty, wiggle-worms without disturbing the other patrons.Another huge bonus is that you can bring in your own food from the outside so you can make it a very budget friendly night out and bring a $5 pizza and bottled water from home.  Although they do keep their admission prices extremely low, it's no secret that they hope to backfill that financial loss by purchases from the concession stand, so please do the theater management a huge favor and at least buy some popcorn.  ;)  We definitely WANT this drive in to stay in business, it's one the last ones in the country.  :)  And for those that worry incessantly that they'll be 'jacked' or shot at while going to the west side, please don't.  The west side may have some sketchy looking neighborhoods and a little more graffiti, but there are plenty of dodgy, crime infested holes in pockets of the east valley too.  Most of the people in old Glendale are just normal folk like you and me, raising kids, paying bills and clipping coupons to get by.  Cut them a break and try not to look down your nose at them or stereotype them too badly while you enjoy this gem of a drive in on the west side...In fact, to do my part I'm taking my whole litter here this Saturday because it's cheap (and I'm broke) and little ones desperately want to see ParaNorman.  Should be fun!
4	We went here this weekend and had a good time.  We saw ParaNorman.I do have a couple of new observations that I didn't mention in the first review though...It'd be nice if the management would reconsider the golf cart that drives up and down the aisles selling glow sticks and assorted snacks during the movie.  I can certainly understand the desire for delivered snacks, but the glow sticks?  No.  I got stuck behind a family of six little kids that all started screaming for glow sticks as soon as the golf cart drove by them and I had to try and visually and mentally block out the glow stick swinging, screaming kids for probably 10 minutes as the dad arranged the purchase of the six glow sticks with the vendor.  It was annoying as hell and I missed that portion of the movie as I tried to ignore them.  Since these are double features, can't they wait and sell these things between the movies?  Or just sell them up at the concession stand?Finally, I don't think the theater should sell tickets in the middle of the movie.  Sell them BEFORE each movie and maybe up to the first ten minutes after a movie starts, and then just make people wait to come in if they've arrived after that.  We had probably 5 cars pull in somewhere between 20 minutes and 45 minutes after the movie started and we were blinded by their headlights as they parked.  Annoying.I love the drive in and I really don't like to deduct a star.  But these are very annoying things that the management should reexamine so that they can make sure that each patron has a wonderful, uninterrupted experience.
4	Drove in, got our spot, and 'enjoyed' Paranormal Activity 4. Please note, however, my rating is not based on any of the following:1) The movie we saw2) The Drive-In Experience (Generally-speaking)3) The optimal drive-inNow, the third point makes this difficult because I am not really a drive-in connoisseur. However, given that there are not any other drive-ins within a reasonable distance of WWG9, treat this review as more of a focused audit of one business. The big pros of this place is that is it big, organized, and a great value. They have a pretty broad selection of movies playing and the one staff member I did deal with, the ticket girl, was friendly and efficient. Also, check out their website. It's good (that's the only word I can think for it).The nothings of the place are: That it is far from you -- an item another poster actually complained about like it's going to be cost-effective to put a parking lot (essentially) of that size in downtown Scottsdale.The ghetto-bird is flying around -- I see the thing if I am at the park at night. It doesn't make me knock the rating of the park (the drunk guy rubbing one out and inviting me into the bathroom does). It isn't even distracting. It is in the Avenues -- I get it. The Avenues are bad. But I saw no security issues and, frankly, if your car gets jacked at a drive-in theater, you are probably doing something wrong. Now, the con: The screen and sound are a little blurry. Now, I will admit right off that this may have been more of a factor of me watching PA4 than anything about the theater being imperfect. Maybe this is just part of the 'drive inn experience' and I doubt it would have bothered me as much if I had been watching the Expendables 2 or some other film that you don't really focus on much for the details. All said, especially now when the weather is nice, it's a brilliant move to head out to WWG9 with some In N Out and a couple blankets.
4	I lived within a mile or two of this drive in theater for 9 years before I finally learned about it and decided to try it out.  The first time I went it was fairly warm weather, my passenger was not a fan, most people there were smart enough to get lawn chairs and sit beside their cars for the cool breeze. I didn't go back until fall had really kicked in and I have gone 4 or 5 times since, once the heat stops being an issue (great to bring a blanket and cozy up when it's cold) this place is actually really cool. I wasn't sure if it would be clean, safe or my "thing" but it's actually surprisingly cool, there's always a bunch of families there so it's not a place people start trouble, the main hub where the projectors are based and the food and bathrooms are is a decent size and the bathrooms (for men, don't know about womans) were clean without an issue. My girlfriend and I really like taking whatever foods we want with us (pizza, burgers, wings) and I love the fact I can grab two movies for $6.5 a person not counting Tuesday discounts, I'm a frugal guy. I hope people keep going and more people tell their friends and families, this place is for everyone but not everyone might want to watch a movie outdoors.
4	Gahh I love drive-ins! Childhood desires come true!This drive in is awesome! Six bucks a ticket for a movie, a well-stocked mini mart right in the center of the lot (they even had hot chocolate on a cold winter night) and the drive in is located in a fairly remote area free of traffic . They let you drive in even if you're early to the movie so we went to see Warm Bodies but caught the last half of Breaking Dawn haha. Only downside with that is while we were finishing up our movie, the next batch of movie-goers started showing up and their car lights were distracting. There should be a sign or staff member notifying people to turn off their lights as they enter a "theater-lot." Other than that, no complaints! Definitely will be back!
4	Went on a Thursday and was one of maybe 10 cars at our movie it was very clean compared to the drive ins back in Seattle i used to go to. Let me say i can't review the food because we didn't get anything but the facilities were nice. It was a little confusing navigating the parking lots in the dark trying to find our screen (we didn't show up till the second movie so it was dark) But it was still a good experience. 13$ for both of us and only saw the second feature but it was still a night to remember.
4	Food is pretty good significantly cheaper than normal theater food. For a bucket of popcorn with 1 free refill I paid $5.50 and for a 64 ounce soda I paid $3.50. You can also bring in your own food/drinks if you like. Cost to see a movie is $6.75 for adults which is great kids 5 to 11 are a $1 and 4 and under are free. I'd say to get here about 45min to an hour before your showtime because the line to get in gets pretty long; and you want a good parking spot. The drive in movie is heard through your stereo and they use Dolby digital for audio. The film digital quality is overall comparable to a normal theater as well. My only complaint is the lighting, it's hard to find the parking lot you're supposed to be in because you can barely see anything at night.
4	We had a great time at the drive-ins the other night. The staff was very friendly and efficient. Even with 40 cars at the entrance we waited just a couple minutes to get through. I do recommend you try and get there around 30 minutes before your movie's start time. The price is just right at 6.75/adult. The concession prices are still inflated but not nearly as bad as conventional theaters. But, if the prices do bug you bring your own stuff in.I have to take a star away because of the trash in the back near the concession stands and the restrooms. Wow the restrooms are bad. Truck stop bathrooms are amazing compared to the men's room. Before going I had read some of the reviews here and I was very impressed that you could tell they had made changes based on the comments here.Anyway, this place is great for a different movie experience especially with the amazing weather we have right now in the evening.
5	I still think this a great place to go if you want to enjoy a movie.  Looking at 6.75 per adult and $1 for kids younger than 11.We brought camping chairs and sat in front of the car while the kiddos enjoyed sitting in a truck bed.  Another great feature is that you can bring your own food and drinks.  What a great family night place.  You can bring your kids, watch 2 movies and bring dinner.  That is a cheap family night out.  If you are looking for a new experience or a inexpensive go out night this is your place.
4	We enjoy coming here with the whole family, especially on Tuesdays, when they have they're Family nights!Before, I would say the quality of the image wasn't so good, you didn't want to come to see a movie with lots of special effects, but that has since changed. Now they have a new, more advanced system that makes a huge difference!!We enjoy bringing our own chairs, blankets (when the weather it's cold), food and drinks! We have dinner there, and if we want, we can go get some popcorn to top off the night!Very Family-centered fun you can enjoy year-round, if you don't mind the extreme heat during the summer!
5	Love this place! The movie is good quality and the screen is plenty big. My boyfriend and I have gone here a couple times, tonight we brought our dinner and sat in the flat bed of his truck, it was lovely. Tips: 1. Come early! The lines can get really long.2. Bring your own food to save money on the snacks 3. On a regular day tickets are $6.75/person but on Tuesday nights only $4.75 (definitely come early on Tuesdays!) 4. Park in the front if you can
5	great place to take the little ones for a movie if they can't be quiet:)
5	During my last couple of hours on my random trip to Arizona, I had attended two Arizona Diamondbacks vs San Francisco Giants Game (Don't ask me why I attended this non-Dodger game), I was curious if Arizona had a drive-in theatre. With the help of Yelp, I found the WestWind Glendale 9 Drive-In Theatre.It was about 630pm when I used my Yelp App to find the WestWind Glendale 9 Drive-In Theatre. It was still bright outside, but the place was already open. I was one of the few people already entering in. I was greeted by one of the staff. Since I was the only person in the large vehicle, the lady didn't bother to inspect my truck for any other people unlike other locations. Admission is $6.75 per person. The lady told me a lot of people drive across Arizona to come to visit this drive-In theatre.This location is near an industrial area and railroad tracks, but not close to the movie theatre. During the weekends at noon, WestWind also serves as a Swap Meet. I wish I was there to experience that like my younger days. I saw some pamphlets that there are some concerts at the WestWind. With a huge lot, I wonder if this location host an event like Coachella!Since I've seen most of the movies already, I just wanted to experience the drive-in theatre. I watched, "The World's End" and "Two Guns" at Theatre 9. When I parked my truck, I parked it as I would park between the lanes while the other cars parked wherever. I think I may have blocked some views and spaces, but I was far away. Sorry! The quality of the sound and picture was OUTSTANDING! It was like I was at the movie theatre, but in my truck. With all the other people's radio out loud, the sound was spectacular and echoed throughout the lot. I wish I had my Dodger lawn chair and sit in front of my truck. While you wait for the 1st or next movie, you can head to concession area and grab some popcorn, drinks or ice cream. I grabbed a King Cone Ice Cream ($6.95) since it was really hot and it definitely hit the spot. I miss going to the concession stands, but do be careful when you walk during the dark. You might step on trash and slip. There are plenty of trash can bins and still don't understand why there are tons of trash.I have visited a couple of California's, Georgia's, and now Arizona's Drive-In Theatre. I think this is one of my new list to do in my life. If I see a drive-in theatre, then it is a must to do. I wish there were more these days. Just going to one of these drive-in theatre is a lot of fun and much more enjoyable than a modern movie theatre.Yelp! The One Stop Place For Your Everyday Research!
5	I love WestWind! It helps to have nice weather when you go to the drive ins so the summer isn't the best time to go but as long as there's a decent breeze you should be alright. I love being able to bring all the food I want from home and being able to stay for two movies. There's a playground and a snack bar in the middle. It can get pretty busy on the weekends and Tuesdays since it's cheaper but the wait at the ticket line is worth it. Overall, it's a great experience for families or groups of friends.
5	I absolutely loved this place. There should be more theatres like this! It felt very nostalgic. It was amazing to see all 9 or so big screens on all at the same time too. Love it!
4	Husband and I went to check out Bad Grandpa. It was nice watching it in the back of the truck. Although, there was one driver in front of us but more to the right hand side who left their headlights on. Other cars were flashing their lights and even honking at him which got annoying. I wasn't bothered by the drivers headlight since it was not directly facing us, but he should have known to turn his headlights off in the first place. We did come by 30 minutes before the movie started, so we got a good spot and we didn't have to wait behind a long line of cars. We were waiting behind one, but I think that's because everyone else was at the AZ State Fair. I would come back again. Perfect way to relax and watch a movie, especially when you can lay down in the back of a truck with pillows, blankets and snacks.
4	Nice drive in... Clear picture and great sound. Cheap admission and great concession stand. Only thing that was annoying, the cars in front of us were taking a lot of pics and using the flash as well! How rude! There was already lightning didn't need the flash show as well. It's super empty on this Monday night which is okay by me and my husband on our date night! :) gotta go for Tuesday family night admission is $2 cheaper!
4	This is probably our favorite weekend outing. It's fun, it's inexpensive and after October it's perfect weather to be out in the open air on a cool fall night. We usually stop at the In n Out on the way because you can bring in pretty much anything you want. But just FYI the concession is also decently priced. They have great picture and depending on your stereo, great sound :) My one and only qualm with the drive in is the smokers. Seriously disgusting. Park in the back so no one has to smell your cancer ass sticks. Or have some courtesy to other viewers and wait the duration of the movie to kill yourself. That is all.
5	My first experience with a drive in theater and it was AWESOME!The price was a lot less than what I had thought it was going to be. The movie choices when I went was very good. We had many different movies to choose from. The place was packed. I will for sure be attending more movies at this place!
5	I love Westwind drive-ins. You can pull up in your jammies with kids in tow and not have to worry about them bothering other movie-goers. Great value, excellent popcorn and concessions and good quality digital picture and sound. We literally come here every weekend. It's one of those family traditions I look forward to enjoying for years to come.
4	Hubby chose this spot for one of our valentines day outings. It was our first time at a drive in theater and it was a great experience. When we entered they told us what radio station to play for the sound ...I assumed it would be crappy sound but The quality of the movie screen and the sound was excellent. Great date night spot. FYI they have a concession stand in the center of the lot. It's quite a ways from each screen so grab what you want ahead of time.
4	Love that they have a great concession stand. Most drive in concessions suck.  This one doesn't. Pretty dead for a Thursday night but that is what we wanted.  Just to get out of the house.  Bring a radio. Catch a double feature.  Stop at the bathroom before you park or the walk could be pretty far when you really have to go. Only downside was that we faced our screen, right at the point of a driveway to trailer park.  Every car coming out had headlights right in our faces.  It would benefit the drive-in and patrons to add a tree or shrub there.
1	Pulling in and we were directed to a new lane opening up. But we ended up waiting for a half an hour in this new line. Horribly managed place. Apparently their equipment broke down. We ended up missing the beginning of the movie with no apology from them.
3	I just moved to the Phoenix area from Chicago and have taken my kids to quite a few drive in movies. I guess I am used to the classic drive in feel where there are still speakers on the outside of the car, but we could also use our fm radio to tune in to the movie as well, but there was only 1 screen and the drive-in was a bit more organized.First, the area that this drive-in is located in is a bit scary and ghetto. Reading the other reviews, I am happy that they have not had a lot of issues, however the area was very uncomfortable to drive through, and I felt like I needed to have the windows up in the car.The multiple lanes to get in to the drive in was nice and made the lines go quickly.The snack bar and people working in it were A++++ and extremely helpful. They went so far as to check ingredients on things so that my son who has peanut allergies could safely have a snack....just awesome and first class!The 9 screens here is a bit of an annoyance. Coming from drive-ins that only have 1 screen, even though you have your radio dialed in to your movie, having other screens within view makes it difficult to concentrate on your movie.The thing that really annoyed me about this place though, was the lack of organization with parking in front of the screen for your movie. There were no custodians to help direct traffic, or have the larger trucks and vans stay towards the back. I also felt claustrophobic, because I was completely blocked in by other cars behind me. I think that having the parking lot re-striped would help immensely with how people park and allowing enough space to actually leave when you want to. Maybe extra custodians on hand to help the larger vehicles would help as well.All in all, an ok experience. I can't say that I will be going back anytime soon though. Maybe I am ADD and can't focus on just one movie, but I think the lack of parking organization is what really turned me off, and made me wonder what would happen if there was an emergency and people needed to get out quickly.
5	This drive-in holds a special place in my heart! This is my families favorite place to go on the weekend, my husband who is a Disneyland maniac says he likes it he likes  it more than Disneyland. We've made a lot of family memories here, it's super cheap and it makes for an awesome night out. The kids can run around, and nobody gets upset. Bring your own food, your own drinks, and your own chairs if you don't want to stay in the car. If you have an FM boombox or radio or tuner bring that for even better sound.
3	This is a nice place to take the familu, a cheap way to watch a new movie with a different experience.  What I don't like is when people are finished watching their movie elsewhere they come and catch the end of the one your watching. Most are inconsiderate and come driving around with all their lights on and will park right in front of you with the lights on. My kids love it, I just wish the employees would make rounds checking how everything is going.
4	This place is a classic!  Please be sure to support it by seeing movies here.  $7 for an adult and only $1 per kid.  Current and slightly old movies.  Affordable snack bar with a Hugh variety of good stuff.
4	I've been coming to this drive in for probably 25-30 years. It's better now. The concession stand is MUCH better, used to be pretty run down and kinda dirty. I love that you get a good old-fashioned double feature. The biggest complaint I have, and I've had it all these years, is if you are unfortunate enough to get a screen facing the street there are industrial buildings around with large spotlights shining in your direction and right in your eyes from around the movie screen. If there were extensions on the sides of the screens it would block this and make it easier to see the movie. All the old drive ins had these "wings" to block lights even when there weren't any around! It would be a most welcome improvement to the theater.
5	My husband and I went to the West Wind Drive-In in Las Vegas last week to see 22Jump Street and give it a five-star rating! We had the best time watching the movie and talking to people in cars near us! Everyone was so happy and excited to be there. I can't wait to try the one in Glendale that is close to home.  We learned from watching people in Vegas that we will take our truck and pack either lounge chairs or a mattress and watch in total comfort! Thank you, West Wind, for keeping the drive-in experience alive!
5	This was a fun experience! The snacks and treats are a little pricey, but for good reason. We had a great time!
5	Just finished watching how to train your Dragon 2 at the drive in and my girls loved it!! i will definitely be bringing them back
4	I gave this four stars because I found their concession stand prices outrageous, but the ticket cost was great. The quality of the movie was great, and the whole experience was great. Totally worth the nostalgia.
5	We live close to here and me and mg husband decided tk take the kids to see how to train your dragon 2. It was a great outing for us the children really e mm joyes themselves and It was great because uot gave us a chance to relax oh. And they give out glow stick the kids really loved this. Its been such a lomng time since ive been to a drive in. Def will be makimng it a regular routine.
5	I really love taking my kids here, the prices can't be beat, especially if you have a family of 5+ like I do it is a great way to have a fun and affordable family night at the movies. The snacks are always fresh and a good size, we love getting the scooped ice cream! Bring chairs or a big blanket and get there about 30 minutes early to get a good seat and beat the line to pay. There's a playground so the kids can play and keep busy until the movie starts! My kids love that they can talk a little or move around or have as much snacks as they want without worrying about bothering anyone like you do at the sit in movies. Love this place so much, staff are so nice and helpful.
3	I came here with my wife for a Saturday night showing and overall was ok.I would advise arriving at least 1 hour in advance on the weekend due to extremely long lines. Prices are good at $7 per person.I would like to come back, but preferably on a weeknight.
5	Such a fun place! The summary:- Pitch black, so screens are seen clearly.- Admission cost is reasonable.- Concessions have a HUGE variety of food & beverages, but they are EXPENSIVE! Better off bringing your own food and drink, just hide it on the floor or in the trunk lolOh, and if you arrive late, or want to leave early, it's common courtesy to turn off your headlights as to not disturb others.
5	Love this place.  We come here and lay in the truck bed while we watch the double feature.  We bring a boom box to save our truck battery bit if your vehicle dies they can give you a jump.  We bring our own food but the concessions stand is amazing from what we have heard.
5	From October to April, the drive-in is the business.  Not only is it dirt cheap but you get to bring in your own food, booze, blankets and anything else your vehicle can carry.  Plus you get to watch two movies for the price of one, cha-ching!  The lines for the concession stand can get out of control so get there early or be prepared to miss some of the movie.  This has got to be one of my favorite things to do in the valley because we can all pile in the bed of my pick-up under a bunch of blankets and watch the latest flick on a huge screen.  Even though it's in a really sketchy area, I've never encountered or seen any type of violence or inappropriate behavior, just an occasional whiff of sweet stinky reefer.
4	I hope this place is here for years to come. We usually bring our own snacks and sodas but the snack shack has a variety of goodies. Everyone from the staff to the other movie folks have all been friendly. Never had a problem with anyone and always felt safe. There are staff that makes their rounds to all the screens, so if you ever need help with your battery needing charging or anything else, they are there to help.
5	2 and 3 dollar movies with decent quality and only 1 - 1.5 months behind release date. Yeh!
