4	Located on the first floor of the Golden Nugget hotel, across from the pool.  Open 24 hours and was good and inexpensive.  There were so many options for breakfast, lunch and dinner and the dessert selection was great also.  Ate here quite a bit because there there so many options.  American food, traditional.
3	Maybe the service is a lot better in the day. The first night we went to eat here the computers were down so they couldn't seat us.  The second night around 1am the service was real slow. The food took a long time to get to us.  I could say the food was ok. If you have the time to wait around then this place isn't bad. I would rather eat at the snack bar at the golden nugget.
3	One of your typical 24 hour casino cafes located across from the pool.  It earns an extra star because it is at the Golden Nugget...one of the few places in downtown Vegas that doesn't make you depressed.  Space is huge but service left a lot to be desired.  It's pretty hard to mess up a tuna melt and they didn't.  My friend had their loco moco (egg, hamburger, rice...a hamburg-silog for you filipinos), which he said was pretty good.  Prices were on par with other 24 hour cafes...about $10 a dish.
4	I've eaten here more times than I can count.  My folks love to stay at the Golden Nugget so when we're in LV together, we usually eat here a time or two.It's your basic cafe food.  I've had french toast, sandwiches, desserts, big breakfasts, and a slew of other items.  It's all good food.  Good, not great.The only weird thing is that whenever I am there for breakfast, our waitress always goes on break before we get our food and transfers us to another waitress.  Who knows!  It's a solid bet if your lookin' for some eats and in the area, but not worth a trip from the strip just for it.
4	I've had numerous lunches here in the past couple years.  On my last visit I had the BLT.  On prior occasions I've had the BBQ turkey burger, bacon burger, fruit plate, wraps, chicken bowl, wings, etc.  I've never had a bad meal here.  I give it 4 stars for being solid hotel cafe food, an extensive menu, reasonable prices and good service.
1	Wow..just...wow. It was a little pricey to start. So I said, screw it. I'll have some Eggs Benedict. Anthony Bourdain always told us to never, ever...under no circumstances...eat this dish. But I do it anyways cause it proves that a restaurant is terrible. So I ordered, and low and behold. Worst EB I've ever consumed. I will not be returning, SORRY! Rather go to Dunken Doughnut.
3	The Golden Nugget buffet is under construction so we were able to use the buy-one-get-one-free coupons at Carson Street Cafe.  Sweet.As a Golden Nugget guest, I loved that the Carson Street Cafe was located so close to the elevators.  After a long day walking up and down the Strip, it was nice to be able to grab a bite to eat and then head back to the room.The food is decent.  I would recommend sticking to the basics.  My BLT was fine and the chicken in the Caesar salad was really tender and tasty.The customer service varied from person to person but it did seem to be on the slow side overall.
3	This place was fine, but that's all we were expecting. It's their 24 hour, we have it all cafe. It's kinda greasy spoon, but you have plenty of options on the menu for things that won't clog your arteries. We enjoyed the cobb salad (dressing on the side, folks!) and teriyaki bowl when we got in late Friday. Then on Saturday we split a spanish frittata with egg whites..the coffee was decent. Seriously, it's what you'd expect. Not fine dining and not a Denny's either!
4	This cafe is located near the lobby and pool of the Golden Nugget hotel.  Our server was nice and this is a nice place to eat.  Prices were decent and it's a nice alternative to all the buffets. ( I still recommend the GN Buffet with the famous GN bread pudding!) However, with two little ones, buffets were just too much food to consume for two lil' tummies, so we opted to take a break from gluttony and check out Carson Street Cafe.  I'm pleased and will consider coming here again.
2	Paid more than I wanted to but didn't want to deal with rude third-world counter people at fast food restaurants nearby at 11 pm.  Got Portuguese sausage links (a first for me..it was good)....biscuits and gravy and scrambled eggs....it was only less than 10 minutes from order to serve but eggs and biscuits and gravy were both lukewarm.  It was almost $20 total....I got cheese cake free with coupon from hotel book....it would have been $4.95....for a piece about the size of a hockey puck.
3	Came here with fam to meet my aunt's friend. I ordered the Reuben sandwich just 'cause I wanted to try something new. Minus the hair that I found in it... it was still pretty good (yes, I took out the hair and the part of the sandwich that it came from... plus I was starving lol)! I love sauerkraut!Service was pretty slow... but at least they were friendly. The restaurant's decor was really nice... very cafe-ish. Apparently this place a 24-hour cafe. So yeah, pretty good food... pretty big portions for some of the dishes.
3	This place was completely adequate.  The food arrived as ordered and was prepared just fine.  I'd read some reviews about speed here and I did have to wait a few minutes to be seated even though the restaurant was not even half full.  Once I was seated the speed was fine.  Overall, nothing to rave about and nothing to seek out but if you're downtown and need something decent to eat, don't be scared to check out this place.
4	We generally stay downtown, either at the Golden Nugget or the Four Queens, but no matter where we stay, we make it a point of having at least one breakfast and or one lunch at the Carson Street.  The service is good and the food is good and of course the setting is nice.  Even when the line is long, the wait time has always been very reasonable.  Would recommend to anyone.
4	We ate here at least once a day while we stayed at the Golden Nugget because it was conveniently in our hotel.  First of all I wish I was able to give half stars because it's not quite a 4 but not as bad as a 3 star restaurant.  The food is average eats.  Nothing on their menu jumps out at you or grabs your taste buds and makes you wanting to go back for seconds.  BUT I have to say the staff is friendly and depending on which time of day you come in, you may get a very unattentive waiter.  It's a gamble, no pun intended.  If you stay at The Golden Nugget you're more than likely will eat here at least once. We had the following and it wasn't bad:The Club Sandwich - They pile on the bacon and it was not bad. Hard to mess up unless you skimp out on the turkey and bacon.New York Steak and Eggs- I got my steak Medium Rare and it was cooked perfectly.  It's not Ruth Chris by any means but worth getting if you have a hankering for steak and eggs.  Loco Moco-The gravy was yummy.  It definitely was good and is comparable to Aloha at the California Casino.  I know some people may disagree but since it's in the hotel I was staying at I'm a little bias. Prime Rib-It's only served between 5pm to 11pm daily and I would get it.  It was quite good and great price.  I would definitely order this again. Nachos-Plentiful and great appetizer to share. Chicken Tenders- for $9 it only comes with 3 pieces and 1 carrot and 1 celery stick.  It's good but not quite good enough for the price they're charging.  If you happen to be staying at the Golden Nugget give them a try, it's not bad just don't expect a gourmet dinner.  They are also opened 24 hours BUT beware their late night menu is slightly different from their day menu.
1	Late night at the Rush Lounge watching the Frankie Moreno Band. After the show we were all ready for "fourth meal!" Quick stop into the Cafe for a quick bite around 2 am. Not. 1. took forever for the food to come out 2. food was not piping hot but just kind of warm by the time we got it I had the nachos, he had the breakfast special. Nothing special about either of these. Stale chips, cold cheese. Cold bacon, cold toast. Terrible experience. We won't be back. I KNEW we should have gone down to the Golden Gate. Guess my friends will listen to me next time! Save your money and your time. Skip this place ... unless of course you like cold food and slow service.
2	A serviceable breakfast choice bit a bit overpriced for what you get.  Denny's food at twice the price.  The breakfast buffet will cost you the same.
2	Food: 3/5Decor: 2/5Price: 2/5Service: 1.5/5Overall: 2/5I dined here three times this past week only because there wasn't anything open past 10pm. The first night I had the pot roast which wasn't too bad, but after a while the aftertaste tasted funny. The service the first night was good, but the second night it was horrible. I think we had 3 different servers helping us which confused my party. There was a Mexican waiter taking our drinks and I swear it took him forever to take our orders. I don't know what he was doing but he was staring at his notepad with his pen in his hand. It was hilarious when he brought out our drinks 10 minutes later because he didn't even remember who's drink was whose. Horrible... my friends mom asked for some creamer for her coffee and he looked back and walked away. That night I had a burger with cheddar cheese which was okay at best. I can't complain since it's the only place opened with a decent burger. The third time I came here I had the Belgium waffles with strawberries. Surprisingly it was good because I finished it. This place looks a bit outdated and the lights are uneven because depending on where you sat at the table, you'll either have light or it'll be dark when you're eating.
4	Right across the cafe lied one of the "Top 10 Best Pools" in the nation. Ever since I saw their newly remodeld pool featured on the Travel Channel, I've been wanting to take a look.. maybe a dip.. I wanna go down the slide!! Plus being an avid Saltwater Reef Aquarium enthusiast, their Enormous Shark Tank would be amusing itself.... I don't wanna get carried away so back to the food: I did a quick search on the net and of course on Yelp to see if this place offered anything appetizing. Interestingly, I stumbled on a forum that had some high words in regards to their French Toast. Well, I will never turn away a great french toast (actually, thats what I used to order almost everytime I had the option for breakfast). So, Off I went:* The Golden Nugget is one of the few or only Hotel/Casinos in Downtown that would blend in with the Mega Strip Hotels. Doesn't look or feel Old and has much more Life!Lunch Time:French Toast: 4 1/2 Slices of Thick Texas Toast with Vanilla and Cinnamon then sprinkled with powdered sugar. Came with 2 mini cups of maple syrup and a cup warmed butter. It was moist, not mushy, had just the right amount of Vanilla and Cinnamon, easy spreadable butter and medium thick maple syrup.. I'm not into those fancy/loaded types, a little twist is ok BUT here they prepared it Exactly how I like French Toast!!BLT: and Mayo. I didn't think the French Toast would fill up the tank so I got this too (plus it sounded safe). Well, I'm glad I did. Much better than the standard BLT. Because it didn't come with a couple dried sticks of bacon. I opted for White toasted bread and It came with  Layers of some crunchy and some chewy Bacon and just enough lettuce, tomato and mayo. Nicely Executed! It came with Fries as well. The Fries were Perfect. Wide, Medium Thick, Barely Fried and Lightly seasoned with salt and crack black pepper. Another Jackpot Dish! And it wasn't through a Penny Machine!Ambiance was Very Pleasing for a Cafe In Downtown. Service was Quick and Gratifying. Food ordered were Basic but Tasted Advanced. Only reason why I'm not giving them 5 Stars is because of Price. Considering how much I liked it, the prices could use a cut.
4	I just had the Kalbi here for lunch and it was excellent.  It comes with rice, kimchi, and a nice macaroni salad for $12.99.  Just thought I'd let you all know.
4	This restaurant located on the actual intersection of where Carson Street and First Street used to be and inside the Golden Nugget is a very nice 24 hour restaurant , where pretty much anything you want is on the menu....it also has an area with a great view of the pool and another with a  view of people as they walk by the restaurant....there is also a Keno Counter located close by....I was waited on promptly and the order as well....I had the Caesar Salad with Chicken and Dumpling Soup...the Dumplings melted in my mouth, and the salad did not have one lettuce leaf without dressing.....when you are in Downtown Las vegas, ya gotta stop here ......
3	I only came here for breakfast, just to try it out.  Every breakfast entree is over $11 so be prepared to pay up.  I ordered what I thought was a small OJ.  It turns out, this was the large OJ and they charged me $4 for a glass that's about the size of my fist.  I asked them how small is the small OJ and they brought out a shot glass.  WTF?!As for the food, I ordered the Loco Moco, a hawaiian dish that comes with 1 hamburger patty on top of rice, topped with eggs made your way & gravy.  The dish itself was delicious, but it's not worth $10.99.After the meal, I found myself trying to find my waitress.  She disappeared!  I asked another server to help me locate her and she couldn't find her.  Sigh.  I gave up.  I paid and left.
3	Ate at this restaurant following an afternoon of gambling.The restaurant is large and has a decent menu of AMerican food.The food is good and the service is spot on and quick.Not too much to say. Its nice, clean, inexpensive and good!
3	24/7; good menu; great prices for Vegas.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  Probably best  after drinking/gambling etc.  Solid.
4	Decent food.  24 hours.  Not expensive...I liked it!
3	The Aloha french toast was the best thing on the menu.  They are made with Hawaiian sweet bread, battered, and griddled.  Served with strawberries and bananas.  Not to heavy and the fruit is a good complement to the french toast.  It is the thing to order.  The Asian chicken salad was nothing to write home about.  The rest of the menu was your basic diner type food.  It's decently priced for what you get.  Would come back for the Aloha french toast for sure.
3	The food is basic coffee shop fare, with breakfast served 24 hours.  The service was alright, the wait for food was a little long but not terrible.  The quality of the food was not on par with the price we paid.
4	When you are trying to find a place to help you sober up, this is the place! They offered a variety of food choices. The banana cream pie had a great presentation and taste. Our server was very friendly. The food took some time, even though there weren't many people in the restaurant.All in all, when in Fremont this is a great place to check in to.
2	When you're drunk, everything tastes good, right?!WRONG!Granted, I'm probably one of the very few drunk idiots that would actually waltz into a restaurant at damn near 2am and order a plate of Asian-style duck. Really, who does that?! A grave mistake on my part, and a horror that I've been trying to forget.The flavor of the duck was only so-so, and the bok choy was even less appealing. The only thing I actually liked about the dish was the plain white rice and the apricot sauce. If you're not a frequent connoisseur of the water fowl, a word to the wise: those little birds have more bones than you can shake a stick at! As I'm sure you can imagine, that spells frustration and near death for a drunk person, who is already far more likely to do something stupid like, oh...I dunno...CHOKE!So, while the boyfriend enjoyed every last bit of a heaping serving of spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread, yours truly was stuck dissecting a weird bird that didn't even taste that great. Just because you're drunk in the wee hours of the morning and desperate for food, don't try to be a cool kid like me and order some fancy sounding dish that will leave you unsatisfied. The only thing worse than a hungry drunk is a drunk that's angry, to boot.
3	Food took realllllllly long to come but other than that, the place is clean inviting. I had their Chipotle chicken sandwhich and fries. Fries are a bit too big for me. I don't like them so thick because it's too soft inside and never crispy enough. The sandwhich itself was good too. The server was nice enough to give me more bbq sauce to go with the sandwich and fries.
4	pretty good food all in all.. came here for breakfest our last day in toen and had some great hash and eggs
3	This place is open all night, which is sweeeeeet.My drunk husband and I (yes, also drunk) shared hash browns here and I really feel like we had something else too, but neither my husband or I can remember what that would have been.  I do remember having a mimosa with the hash browns.  It was OK.The waitress was really nice, particularly for four of us coming in hungry and tired and a bit inebriated in the middle of the night.
5	These folks have always been cordial to the group of developmentally disabled travelers I've chaperoned in Las Vegas. It's a nice set-up and the food is delicious. It's a great place to meet as a group.
3	Came here for breakfast one morning when I really needed something simple and greasy to calm my stomach. The service was decently quick, but then again I only ordered OJ and hash browns. They were just okay... kinda bland, pretty mushy, but then again I didn't specify them any particular way. I did have a group of friends here very late one night and they were waiting for their food for an hour and no one was the least bit sympathetic or apologetic. They told the manager they'd been waiting an inordinate amount of time and were told "what do you want me to do about it?". So... maybe just don't go late at night.
2	My wife and I just finished lunch here and let me tell you, man-oh-man, we were disappointed.We have eaten numerous times at the Carson Street Cafe (all the way back to when Steve Wynn still owned the place), and we have always enjoyed ourselves.  But today, it was just bad, and I give it 2 stars since I have experienced better at this cafe.The service was really slow, the waiter didn't seem to give a rat's arse about us or the food or service and our food was just plain yucky.I had the most bland and tasteless Cobb salad I have ever had and my wife had the Oxtail Stew.  She enjoyed her food more than I liked mine.But our major complaint was about the service.  This place in the past always gave us good to excellent service, but today was a really different story.I am concerned that now that this is a Landry's that it's going to be just another high priced "Denny's" kind of joint.  If so, that would be sad.  It used to be distinct and decent.It's a sad day for me to have experienced this let down, since I have always liked the Golden Nugget.  Sad!
1	Truly awful service and food!  Think of half the quality of Denny's food for three times the price!  I would never go back.  Very sad when you consider there are nice places in Golden Nugget like Vic & Anthony's but the nice places close before midnight on a weekend in Las Vegas?  What are they thinking!??!  Another terrible place to avoid in Golden Nugget is the Chart House.Wayne Gorsek
2	I've gone to the Carson Street Cafe before several years ago with family, and remembered that the food was just "ok", but I was willing to try them another go a few days ago.First of all, the lady that seated us seated us at a table with only one place mat and dirty silverware. I thought the mat was used as well, but every time she'd come she'd push the mat back over to my side. Eventually my boyfriend just moved the silverware to another table when no one was looking and we got new ones.Our waitress was nice, but there was another waiter who kept loitering around our table, talking to the other staff and resting his hand on one of the chairs at our table. Kind of annoying.As for the food, it was meh. I got spam, eggs and rice, and the rice was a bit dry and hard in some places. The eggs were also globbed, not really scrambled, and as for the spam well, you can't really mess up spam. My boyfriend had a BBQ burger and he said it was just ok. But overpriced. Also, my boyfriend found a sticker from a sterile needle package on the floor. Yeah...
1	I have NEVER done this, but this place was deserving. I went in for lunch at 11am. The was almost a 1:1 ratio servers:patrons. It took a while for someone to acknowledge that I was sitting at a table, but once he did, he promptly took my order and even suggested the sauce on the side. So, I thought, "OK....this might work" however that is where it ended. 15 minutes later, he must have sensed my lack of patience because he told me that my meal would be right....they were waiting for the chicken. I ordered a chicken teriyaki rice bowl. Now, how long does something like this take??!!! (and where was the chicken coming from??) Evidently, too long. I got up and walked around the corner to Starbucks, got my coffee and a sandwich and on my way back....still no meal at the table. It is unfortunate that the server has no idea if I left or went to the bathroom. I really wanted to talk to the manager, but I was at a conference on a limited break and he was wandering around a bit bewildered. Given all of the other reviews that are even worse than this one, they really should do something about the management - this was not really the server's fault.
2	So, being stuck at the Golden Nugget for a conference with a limited amount of time, I decided, (translation - had no choice) to give this place a try for breakfast. I wish I had seen enough of my waiter from yesterday to know if I had the same guy - and hopefully he saw too little of me to realize I was the same person, but the food and service were terrific (yes, only 2 stars. "terrific" is all relative).Sat down, took my order and before I could blink....wa la! my food!. I had the egg white fritatta. Outside of it being pretty greasy (but this could have been the cheese) it was pretty darn good. Just in case he remembered me, I left him a pretty sizable tip.I would go back....for a selective breakfast order....Denny's style.
5	Located in The Golden Nugget Hotel Casino on The Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas. This is the classic 24 hour coffee shop of the Las Vegas of the past. (I mean that as a good thing)this is actually one of the power lunch places downtown. It is not uncommon to see the mayor, city councilmen as well as prominent judges and lawyers(at separate tables)eating here. Yes the food is great and reasonably priced. You also get the benefit of great people witching as the restaurant has a view of the pool (shark tank an all) as well as tourist who have just checked in and are rushing up to their rooms to drop off their gear and run back down to the casino. worth a stop,not only will you get a great meal, but who knows who you will see. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	This place is a great spot for dinner and/or dessert. I adore the taco salad, basic dishes and KILLER desserts--yummm @ all of them, esp. the fruit tarts and huge selection of cakes... these seem to move fast. The lamb is solid and I highly recommend it.Buuut, the prime rib here is overrated. There's nothing worse than tough and under-seasoned prime rib that takes minutes to chew up... or ends up making a dark stain in your napkin where you try to hide it. 3 stars b/c only the prime rib has sucked so far... and the desserts here rock.
2	We had occasion to try the Carson Street Cafe, located inside the Golden Nugget casino, at about 3:00 A.M. and this review applies only to their late night menu -- which is so sparse as to be almost nonexistent.  There are only about ten items on the menu from 12M-6A and I can rattle them off from memory: Garden salad ($6), Cobb salad ($12), BLT sandwich, club sandwich ($12), open roast beef sandwich ($15), open turkey sandwich ($15).  Pancakes, Belgian waffle ($12), hot cereal ($6).  And that's it.  Reading the previous reviews, as recently as July 2012 someone was able to order an omelet here.  As of today there are no omelettes, eggs (except in a Cobb salad), hamburgers, steaks, chops, bacon (except on a BLT).  No late night specials.  One of us had a garden salad and hot beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy, one had the Belgian waffle, with drinks the bill came to $38.  The food wasn't bad, the service was sporadic.My expectation of a Las Vegas casino coffee shop is, you can get nearly anything you want 24H, this place fell short of my expectations. This being downtown Vegas, I'm sure there's a much better selection of late night fare to be had within a few hundred yards.
1	On 12/11/12, the Carson Street Cafe was ordered closed by the Southern Nevada Health District for "gross unsanitary conditions ... including pest infestation." The employee dining area was also ordered closed.http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2012/dec/12/nv-golden-nugget-infestation/Reportedly the management claims to have remedied the problem to the satisfaction of the health authorities, and the affected restaurants may have reopened.
1	Wasn't impressed. The starter bread tasted store bought, the chicken in the "grilled" Chicken Alfredo ($12.99) tasted boiled and was very bland. The fettuccine was over cooked and the sauce was under seasoned. For a Saturday night at 8, it should still be hopping, yet the atmosphere was dead (which is funny since its in a casino.)
3	I've been here twice and I consider it a "safe eat" when it comes to downtown places.  It doesn't compare really to Cafe Bellagio so I can't give it 4 stars.  Both times I've gone here it was because I was hungry and needed a casual option quickly.Service is decent, nothing to write home about and the food is OK.  They have a good Belgian Waffle which was an awesome post-Commonwealth snack.  I guess a good way to put it, is a slightly more expensive Station's Grand Cafe (without the killer grave deals)
1	Normally I don't like to write bad reviews, but in this case I feel like I have to in the hopes that management will take notice and make some serious changes.  This place does not even deserve the one star rating I gave it, but it's the lowest available.  The service was horrible, the drinks were horrible, and the food was horrible. First off, from the time I sat down, it took 10 minutes for a server to come to my table.  And that is not an exaggeration, I timed it.  I ordered a Virgin Bloody Mary and Eggs Benedict (my favorite breakfast).  When the drink came, it was so salty that it was undrinkable.  It tasted like sea water with a hint of tomato, absolutely disgusting.  The food wasn't quite that bad, but definitely not good.  The "poached" eggs were completely solid, not a drop of the gooey, runny yolk that makes me love them so much.  The hollandaise sauce was more of a paste than a sauce, and the accompanying hash browns were burnt on the outside, cold on the inside, and had no flavor whatsoever.I came in for just a quick breakfast because I had a little bit of time to kill and was horribly disappointed.  My "quick" breakfast took over an hour, was entirely unsatisfying, and highly overpriced for the lack of service and quality.  I honestly cannot think of a single positive thing to say about this restaurant.
1	Ohhhhhhh man! Checking out of our room at 11:59 on a Sunday and hungry we knew we were up against a line at this cafe, expected.We were exhausted and hungover, once seated it took forever to get waited on and were counting the minutes for water and coffee. Waitress finally came took our drink order left and again took really long getting our drinks, we told her to leave the pitcher it could've been a while getting water again.For the food we waited and waited finally another waiter came to take our food order which seemed odd not getting notice from our original waitress even though we could see her walking around but who cares we were hungover hungry. We were recapping our Vegas adventures and our original waitress was clearing a table in the area, out of the corner of my eye I see her put food in her mouth and chewing it. No effin way! I was telling our table what just happened and a girl from the next table caught her too and couldn't believe her eyes either, she heard us talking about it and confirmed it,  we all had a laugh at how blatant this waitress was at not giving a shit about customers perception of cleanliness. We even joked about leaving her leftover bacon as a tip.Our food came out and it was the worst breakfast I've had in Vegas including the $1.99 specials off Fremont street. Everything was luke warm at best, eggs looked pretty gross and the bacon was petrified. Called the manager over he deducted the food, we were out of there.
1	Only thing worse than the food was the service, worst waitress ever! Not sure what crawled up her butt? She needs to find a new career out of the service industry, maybe a government job.
3	This place is alright.  Basic cafe food - nothing special.  For some reason, I keep thinking it's better than it is and end up here.  I had a salad and a cup of clam chowder.  The clam chowder was full of clammy goodness but it was so dang salty.  I also had the spinach salad which was good.  It could have used a little more spinach because it didn't look like much on the plate.The service was OK, the food was OK, nothing really stood out.  Hopefully, I'll remember to look this place up on Yelp the next time I'm in town and try someplace new.
1	Yuck. Was here after a night of gambling at 1amish. Pretty buzzed. And we know when you're drunk, you'll eat almost anything. Not the case here. They had a modified menu at the time since they were missing ingredients or something. Ordered the roast beef sandwich which was basically generic roast beef on toast which was swimming in what tasted like canned gravy. The gravy was incredibly salty. There was so much of it the bread was practically falling apart as soon as I received my plate. Also tasted the American Club sandwich. Too salty as well. The only thing passable was the fries. Service was OK. Not great, not terrible.
3	Not bad for the Golden Nugget.  Honestly, I was expecting the worst (but don't judge a book by its cover).  Came down for brunch on a weekday and ordered from their breakfast menu.  It was difficult for me to decide what to order, but I went with a spinach, bacon, and mushroom omelet.  It came w/ my choice of bread - wheat toast & I also asked for a mimosa ($3 - drank only).  I actually enjoyed my food AND my lovely mimosa.  Our waiter was also very kind.  Our food came out in a timely manner and we had good seats w/ a view for people watching and the pool.  Not sure if its different on the weekends, but they should do Unlimited Champagne Brunch, lol...  I would actually come back again if I were staying at The Golden Nugget :]
3	There was a time I found myself at the Golden Nugget more often than any other downtown property. Instead of wining and dining at a ritzier spot like Vic & Anthony's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/vic-and-anthonys-steakhouse-las-vegas-2), I was likely here grabbing my breakfast, whether it was early in the morning or uber late at night.There aren't many eateries at the Nugget, so Carson Street is by default the typical 24/7 diner-eqse spot for all to partake when they please. The older crowd tend to order the typical choices in these parts from soups to sandwiches, pastas to salads, and virtually anything on the simple scale. For me, it was almost always breakfast.Truth be told, neither the food nor the establishment is all that exciting. Prices are a little lower here than any strip diner as it should be but the food is much less remarkable - bland and boring is the best way I can put it. At least with most of the breakfast options, they're likely to be fresher at least with eggs and hashbrowns + breakfast meat.It was easy to order a simple platter consisting of scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, and hash browns. For $7 it was better than I could find in NYC and cheaper than my other spots. It would be the meal to start my day and sometimes the meal to end my night. The service was always polite and never rushed me or my colleagues out, it was the kind of nostalgic meal that was a good and dependable fix.
2	How the mighty have fallen.This was once the reliable place that one would visit in old Downtown. We would regularly see local businesspeople dining here for lunch as it was the only decent meal in Downtown.It is odd that as Downtown has added a number of good and even great dining experiences, the CARSON STREET CAFE has nosedived.The food has gone from excellent to average while the service has disappeared.The Nugget is the Vegas capitol of Zombie Employees. Just about everyone working at the Nugget has a dazed look and detached manner and the CARSON STREET CAFE has the most stupor-induced employees in this sad vortex.If you had told me twelve years ago that the El Cortez Coffee Shop would be superior to the Golden Nugget's I would have laughed. My oh my how times change.
