3	Just to be clear, in my experience, there is one thing and one thing only to go to Marilyn's Cafe for, and that is the graveyard breakfast specials. It certainly isn't the service -- it's absolutely ridiculous how terrible the service has been here. In fact, there was one time among the twenty other times we've dined here when we were waited on by a lady who received a 100% tip from us, and all she did was do her job. That's it. It was just such a pleasant change for us, we decided to let her know. A lot.The graveyard breakfast specials aren't bad, and the price is outrageously cheap. Steak 'n eggs, taters, and toast -- $2.99. Pancakes or two eggs 'n toast -- $0.99.  Perfect place to go after a night on the town. Just, like I said, be patient with the servers.
3	This place isn't too bad. The food is decent and so is the service. They messed my order and the margarita is disgusting. However, it is a 24 hr. place so what I can say?
3	Not too bad.Everyone else's food was ok.  No on really complained EXCEPT for my friend who ordered the OMELET with Jalapeos, Bell peppers and sausage...... but ONLY got Jalapeos, Bell peppers and sausage (with the egg) but NO CHEESE.... he was a little butt hurt....Our server Jennifer was really nice.I had the waffles and they were FANTASTIC.  The PATTY sausages are pretty good too.
4	what can you say about this place besides the $3.99 steak and eggs.  It used to be $2.99 but i guess you can blame gas prices.  Its a really good meal after a night of partying at the clubs and strip joints.  i always end up getting two orders and always hits the spot plus the service is always good.
3	it's all about the graveyard special.  $3.99 steak and eggs!!  The steak is actually alright and the service is good.  Drunk people everywhere would like it because it's cheap and its fast.
4	I been going to this place for the last 4 years. I like it because its not crowded, food is good, its cheap, and fast. Beats the heck out of Denny's and IHOP for sure.I digg their breakfast menu, and especially their $3.99 steak and eggs deals in the graveyard hours 1am- 5am i think?I wish these kinds of places existed in Irvine instead of franchises.
5	I change mind, this place is the BOMB BAY! The steak special is cheap and delicious!
5	i miss this SO much about las vegas!!!  i went to UNLV for a year and a half and this is definitely a highlight of my collegiate career in las vegas.  after midnight until 5 am there are a bunch of specials.  the best one is the steak and eggs!  when i was there, it was only $2.99 but its a dollar more now but hey, its still a great deal.  you get two eggs, two slices of toast, hash browns, and steak!  LOVE IT!  there was this one lady that always served us.  she had a dude's name but she's super cool!  for anyone going to vegas, this is definitely a place to hit up!  marilyn's cafe is inside of the tuscany hotel.  i recommend this place to EVERYONE visiting vegas!!
2	Service: SLOW! Our waitor was SLOW! Big Turn OFF!  It was like as if I were watching a slow motion video. SLOOOOOOOOOOWWWWW MOOOOOOOOOTIIIIIIIIIIOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNN FOR YOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUU!My chinese chicken salad was mediocre, but I heard the steak was pretty good.  Restaurant is clean and spacious.Heard about the $3.99 steak and eggs after midnight so that's pretty awesome.  Service is very important at a restaurant.  Bad service makes me not enjoy my food as much so 2 stars and that 2 stars is me being generous. I can't even think of anything else to say because I was so distracted by the service. SLOoooooooW!
4	Marilyn's is a traditional American restaurant located in the Tuscany Suites and Casino ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/tuscany-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas#hrid:tHx9zD374l4yfy6zp3rLZw ) on Flamingo Street in Las Vegas. It was pretty late in the Evening last week, and we heard about the popularity of the $3.99 Steak & Eggs - there really aren't any more CHEAP Breakfasts around Las Vegas any more - this is one of the remnants from the good ol' days. The inexpensive Steak & Eggs, from what I understand, are especially popular with Students.Marilyn's is named after one of the original owners of the Tuscany Casino... even though presently, the Tuscany is corporately owned. Decor is laid-back 50s, especially with the dim incandescent tube lamps over each table or booth. Reminded me of a Spanish Hacienda or an Italian Villa themed restaurant with the dark woods and dim lights.... in keeping, I guess, with the Tuscany theme of the Casino.On the menu...Prime Rib (**** $10.95) Meat! That's what I like! The only qualification of a good cut of Prime Rib, IMO, is... leave some Fat in my cut of Prime Rib! And that's what the Chefs at Marilyn's accomplish. Quite a bit more than the 10 ounces stated on the menu... that's alright by me! Side of Cauliflower (** 1/2) - way, way over-cooked, though. And a side of Baked Potato (*** 1/2)... pretty hard not to mess this up. Prefaced with some Dinner Rolls with Butter - OK. Also came with a tin of Au Jus - kids were asking why I wasn't dipping - I never mess up a piece of good meat with anything else!At less than $1.00 per ounce of Beef - a very, very good value, especially with some Fat left on the Prime Rib. Lucky for me tonight, Marilyn's didn't try to get "Healthy" on me... Ate the Whole Thing! Nothing left on the plate!Fried Bananas (****) The low rating for this Dessert was primarily my fault... took a little longer to finish the Prime Rib than I thought it would. Therefore the Fried Bananas just sat for a few minutes longer than it should have. I'm a meat guy... wanted to finish off that Beef before starting on the Sweet Stuff! Don't "mess" with the Fried Bananas with a side of Ice Cream... liked it the way if was... just Fried. Really, really good finish to the meal. Iced TeaValue (**** 1/2) As with most restaurants in Casinos, the value factor in a restaurant is usually pretty high because the losses you incur at gambling usually will cover the expenses that most Casino restaurants incur. Not crowded on a late weekday evening, just three tables occupied when we dined here... BUT, as with any restaurant associated with a Casino or Hotel in Las Vegas... there WILL be lines and lines of people on the Weekends! This is a basic Casino Coffee Shop, if you don't equate Marilyn's to Fine Dining you'll be OK.
4	Just ate dinner here after checking in at the hotel and receiving a 2 for 1 coupon.  I had the Chicken Fried Steak.  It came with two sides (I chose cauliflower and mashed potatoes with gravy) and a bread basket with real butter.  I must say, I thought the food was very good and the portions were large.I got the club sandwich and cole slaw to go for another meal, since there's a refridgerator in the room to keep it cold.My waitress was exceptional.  She was extremely pleasant, polite, and courteous.  One of the very best I've had the pleasure of being served by.  I wish I'd remembered her name so I could give her credit.I don't have a single complaint.  I would have to recommend this diner for anyone looking for a good meal at a reasonable cost.
4	We had some phenomenal service on a busy Saturday morning!  Nedra, our waitress, was awesome.  (pretty, too!) She was attentive, always nearby and had some great suggestions.  She actually seemed to be happy to do her job, not like some of the soulless eyes that stare back at you in Vegas.  Jeff got the eggs benedict.  He had ordered them the day before and decided to do them again.  They looked great and the eggs were perfectly cooked.  He got some orange juice.  It was ok, but it had a flavor that we couldn't quite place.  I think there may have been something else in the juice mix, maybe tangerine.  I got the chili omelet with grits.  The grits were delicious, not too dry and not undercooked.  They added a dollop of butter, which is the way that everyone should eat grits.  (Now, if they had some cheese, I might have added a little of that, too.  I guess I could have asked, but a chili omelet is already enough gut-busting damage as it is.)  The chili was kinda funky and didn't have much flavor.  The omelet was well done, however.  It wasn't too dry nor too runny.  I wasn't going to order toast, but then I changed my mind.  Nedra had toast out to me in less than a minute and it was hot and buttered.  Damn, that is good service.Jeff got excited and accidentally knocked over his juice, all over the toast.  Within 3 milliseconds, there was a waiter/busboy with a stack of napkins to wipe up the spill.  He was gone and back in a flash with more napkins.  Nedra came over, tsk'd us, offered more juice and brought out more toast.  So impressive. Most places would just ignore you.  The style of the restaurant reminded me of broken-down Santa Fe style, though I'm sure they were trying to imitate some rustic Italian villa.  (It doesn't work.)Normally, I would give this place a 3 star, but Nedra made it 4.
4	$3.99 steak and eggs! AMAZING! This is definitely where you'll find us after clubbin in Vegas. Like many said, the service is poor and slow... but hey, you can have steak, eggs, hash browns and toast for $5 (that's including tip and tax) Nothing hits the spot in Vegas quite like steak and eggs at Marilyn's Cafe in the Tuscany!
2	Well, it is convenient if you gamble at the Casino, but then you also get the ciggy smoke as the restaurant shares the same space.Staff was friendly.  Food was :meh; - some items definitely tasted of the can or mix - disappointed in the crab cakes, but the sides were all good and the veggies were fresh.  Agree with some other reviewers here, the cole slaw is the best of the sides.  Breakfast another day was the French Toast plate, OK but I asked for all bacon and got bacon and sausages... and the coffee was nothing special.  Portion size was ample but not overwhelming, best value when using 1/2 off coupons.
4	@TuscanyCasino #Vegas Friday Night All-You-Can-Eat Crab Legs $12.99!!! WOWA small diner located in this off the strip casino offering 24/7 dining with breakfast,lunch and dinner plus DAILY specials. Great Prices, Great Service and good food....Plus Food Coupons for locals in the newspaper:)We decided to dine out for Crab Night and enjoyed 4 plates (probably 5+lbs) of HOT crab legs with HOT drawn butter plus I ordered a Prime Rib with Baked Potato.The food was good. The crab was really good nice and HOT!! :) The Prime Rib was a little bland however-no real seasoning but still decent. 3 people dining out for under $40!!
4	Four stars simply for the fact  that they have $3.99 steak and eggs.Stayed at Tuscany once again last with a bunch of friends.  Decent hotel, affordable, not too far from the strip, and cheap food after a night out.  I usually order the steak and eggs or the burger deal they offer.  Both great for the price.  Keep in mind it's definitely not the best steak in the world, but chances are by the time you come back from a night out, it's going to taste like filet mignon.
3	Not great but not bad at all I actually think they deserve 3.5 stars but thats not an option here on Yelp. The prices were decent the food was pretty good but the service was sort of slow. I think this is a good place to go if you're with a group of people because they had a very large selection and the prices were reasonable. Oh and I must mention that they have Sweet Potato Fries.... yum!
4	I'd spend the night at Tuscany and got a buy one get one free entree coupon and used it here. The french toast complete is good deal. I'd split it with my sister and we were both full. Service is also vry friendly. Total was ~$8. Great deal if you get the coupon.
4	The crab legs for 12.99 along with two sides on Friday are delish.. also the 16 oz steak is great. fast service and the food is so well prepared for the price.
4	We came to Marilyn's Cafe on a tip from a local (THANKS HOLLY!) and we were satisfied. The decor is very pleasant reminiscent of an outdoor cafe along the coast of Greece. The food is great. It was so good we ate here two days. On our first day we came for breakfast. My hubby had breakfast and I opted for a patty melt. The patty melt was de-lish-ous! It was well seasoned and just enough of a portion where I didn't feel like I was overeating. On our second day we came for lunch. I had the shrimp skewer (which came with 12 very large shrimp). The prices are very reasonable also. You will not be disappointed visiting the place. 2 thumbs up
4	woohoo! late night steak and eggs!  4 stars just for that!  ever since the one at gold coast turned into a TGIFriday, i have been looking for a late night steak and eggs.  victory!
4	4am, alcohol induced munchies, $3.99 steak and eggs. Enough said. No but really-- prompt & friendly service, deliciously cheap grub, and the price! This is where I go for steak and eggs when I'm too lazy for a trip to downtown. Quick tip: don't be sober.
4	Stayed at Tuscany on a business training event this week and decided to give Marilyn's a try.The service was excellent and my waitress was very friendly and caring.The Fitness Scramble was cooked to perfection and I could not ask for anything more for the price.The coffee was ehh, but I am a coffee snob!Most people around me ordered the Steak and Eggs and it seemed to be a hit!I would definitely recommend giving Marilyn's a try!
3	I've eaten here several times and the food is generally good.  Last night, I had the Grilled Chicken Salad with Blue Cheese dressing.  The salad was fresh, tasty, and a good sized portion.  Drink service was handled quickly.  There have been times when slow service has been an issue.  Last night was OK.  With the restaurant about 1/2 full, one of the other servers was watching other tables.  He came over and asked what I was drinking and brought me another iced tea.  Later, he brought some rolls.  Although he was not our server, it was great of him to keep an eye out for us.Prices are moderate.  I enjoy Marilyn's.
4	I suggest ordering pizza - the handmade pizza's here are to die for!The turkey ruben was a 4 star sandwich and I also tasted the patty melt which was pretty darn good also.The servers are a bit slow, and the smoke from the casino is a bit bothersome but overall... good food great prices.
3	OK, what happened to $3.99 steak & eggs?!We came here after the NYE countdown and turns out they charged us $6.99. Did they raise prices? Or was it because it was NYE weekend? OR is it because they added pancakes to the meal? I'm so confused! OR maybe because we were all wasted?Anyway... Service was HORRIBLE. It took homegirl like 15 minutes to come take our order when we didn't even need menus to look at. On top of finding out they raised the price. This is way we came here because it was cheap, the food ain't all that but everything taste 10x better when you've consumed alcohol.I need to do some more investigation because if this is the case, goodbye steak & eggs and hello Earl of Sandwich, 24hr pho & korean bbq!Oh yeah, the pancakes that came with the steak & eggs were pretty bomb tho :] (but please read the last sentence in paragraph 2 again)
4	Came back here this pass weekend and they were $3.99. I think because it was holiday weekend they up their price. But my steak and eggs were definitely on point! We went to the Victorian Room at Bills I think it was, right across from Ceasars and it made me regret not coming here instead.So if you want some yummy decent Steak and Eggs for the price. Definitely come here!Also don't complain about the steak, it's $3.99 people so don't expect a steak from Donavon's. Lower your standards.
4	Shortly after midnight the German, Starsky and myself checked out the cafe. This was my first visit. The other two had been here previously. The menu is huge! Burgers, Apps, pizzas, and other stuff but the key here is breakfast. I want my breakfast after playing some pokers for a few hours. We started off with some sweet potato waffle fries. Pretty good. Crispy and plentiful for the 3 of us. But what we came for was what we all ordered. Steak and Eggs for $3.99. Boom! Awesome deal. 2 eggs anyways you want, a petite strip steak that was tender. Not a hockey puck like Bill's Gamblin Hall's Victorian Room's steak and eggs for a $1 more. Oh yeah, it also comes with toast, which I got sourdough, and hash browns. Excellent deal and it hit the spot. The German and Starsky got dessert. Looked yummy. Starsky got a huge sundae and the German got some chocolate molten cake.Service started off a little slow but once they took our drink orders everything went well. When we got the bill the total was $26! Easy game. I'll be back here real soon.
5	I thought I already wrote a review of this place, but I guess not.Great place.  I ate here twice while staying at my new favorite hotel/casino, Tuscany Resort.This restaurant is open 24/7 and the food is great.  The presentation is wonderful too!  Even with just $2 steak and eggs, it is served up in a fashion fit for a king!The pizza's were pretty good too.I would definitely stop eat here again!
5	Went here recently after some bowling. Wasn't expecting much but i was wrong. I order the steak and eggs, I ordered the steak well done, eggs scrambled and it came with toast and hash browns. The steak was a little small but I guess that's what you get for the price. The steak was good all on it's own didn't even need steak sauce, the eggs and hash brown was also great because I noticed they didn't overdo the salt.I am definitely coming back here again!
4	I love the fact that this place has a $12.99 ayce crab leg dinner. Normally when I go to seafood buffets, crab legs are the only thing I really eat, so this is perfect!Not only do you get unlimited crab legs, but you also get 2 sides of your choice. I went with rice and corn. Pretty much everyone in my table got rice and some sort of vegetable.Once you sit down and order your sides, the crabs legs start coming. Plate after plate, we devoured each mountain of crabs legs. I'm sure we could've eaten way more, but the rice eventually got to us. I guess the only reason why I'm docking off one star is because we came here about an hour before closing, so the crab legs weren't warm anymore and neither was the butter, which was supposed to be melted. I'm sure if I come here again around the time the crab leg dinner just starts, I will easily give them 5 stars.
4	Need cheap place to eat at 4am? Come here. It's a little hard to get to since this is located in a janky hotel+casino off the strip. Ask taxi driver and he will tell you this is a place to get steak+eggs for the best price.
4	I will eat here every time i stay at the Tuscany just for the tomato and basil omelet. All of their food is awesome though. So is their service.
4	Didn't go on crab night. Had some of the best food our entire trip here. Dessert was the only thing a little on the basic/mediocre side. Prime rib was amazing and so was the liver & onions! Try their homemade potato chips! YUM
4	This place serves a variety of really good food for a quiet 24-hour restaurant off the strip. My boyfriend and I came at 2AM because we were craving food. Their appetizer menu and side items made it really easy for those of us who want to just munch on something instead of having a whole meal. The to-go section was a very short wait and the waiters were really polite and helpful.We ordered gravy fries which tastes better than it sounds. They gave us way more than what $3 worth of fries should be worth and successfully sent my boyfriend into the food coma he wanted.If you're staying in the Tuscany, this place is worth trying if you come back after a long night and need some quick easy food in the proximity of your hotel room.
1	Maybe I should've kept to the meals that other yelpers recommend from this place. I stayed at the Tuscany Hotel and decided to eat a late lunch here the day we arrived. The restaurant has no ambiance whatsoever and the service is almost nonexistent. Even so, I figured the food might be ok since it has good reviews. Unfortunately my friend and I went with the prime rib dip and it was just Meh. The fries were good though. The main issue was that we both felt kind of sick about an hour later, thank goodness for pepto bismol chewables!Not likely to eat here again unless I'm pretty desperate.
5	WHAT?? $4 steak and eggs you say?? Yeees, I heard you right!The steak and eggs were SOOOOOO good after a night at the club! Definitely worth the $4! They give you a strip of steak, 2 eggs, hashbrowns, and a lot of toast but be careful eating those as you will get full before you eat the rest of the plate! I asked for my steak medium and they did the cooking right! The bbq sauce on the table is so good with it! My eggs sunnyside up and again they did that right. Can't really go wrong with eggs though. The hashbrowns were so good with the crunch on the top. Throw some ketchup and tabasco on those babies and they're perfect!We also got the gravy fries. Those were amazing as well. We didn't finish them though because we were all full from our steak and eggs.This will definitely be my early morning spot when I come back to Vegas. I love that they're open 24 hrs. Taxis don't frequent this hotel since it's not on the strip. My friends and I didn't really know what to do to get back to our hotel. Luckily a few minutes after we went outside a taxi came to drop some people off so we took that back to our hotel. I'm pretty sure you can go inside to ask the concierge if they could call a taxi for you though!
4	We came in around 12:30 am for the steak and eggs special. It was okay. I mean it's definitely worth what you pay for. I really like their toasts. This is located in Tuscany Hotel. I think this is a good and cheap place to go to for a late night munch!
4	Perfect cure for a late night craving. Looked for a late night steak & eggs joint and found Marilyn's on Yelp. Got a double order of steak & eggs. Each steak was 6 oz, came with hashbrowns, choice of bread (I got sourdough), and eggs (I got egg whites).  The price is the best part of the meal. Single order is $3.99. The steak is definitely no Prime cut Ribeye but what do you expect? I ordered medium-rare. One of the steaks was right on but the second one was well-done. I think it got mixed up with my buddy's 2 steaks. So, the food was pretty good but the price is why I gave it 4 stars.
5	steak. and. eggs.my friends and i came here after a very drunken night. all i remember was getting back to the hotel room and yelling "STEAK AND EGGS", and then i magically appeared and marily'ns cafe. i think we got there at 4:55, 5 minutes before the $3.99 steak and eggs ended. Somehow we got seated and the waitress comes over and asks if we want water. Drunkenly we say, "Noooo water, just let us have steak and eggs!!" She laughs and takes our orders, then brings us water anyway. Thank you waitress for putting up with our debauchery. I was so drunk I eat seven of those jelly packets with my toast, then devoured the steak. so bomb!best. idea. ever.
4	Came here again this past weekend for the steak and eggs and I noticed they now had $3.99 unlimited pancakes. So for $8 bucks you can get both and the pancakes are pretty good. Or you can split them like we did and just keep ordering more plates!
4	I was at the Tuscany for a week long convention and this was my main staple of the trip.  The menu is extensive and everything looked great.  I had the Marilyn's omelet a few times, the breakfast croissant a few times, potato skins, mozzarella sticks, club sandwich and a few other items that I can't remember.  Everything was really good...every time!The service was great.  The waiters, the bus boys and the cashiers were always very very friendly.  I really like this cafe and when I come back again next year I will eating here for the majority of my stay.  Did I mention that the prices are very reasonable as well?
4	$4 steak and eggs..  Oh whaaaat?!Yawp.  This spot has cheap ass steak and eggs for pennies on what you would probably spend in Vegas.  It's inside Tuscany Casino which isn't such a great spot but it's well worth the trek for after club/drinking grub.  Now onto the flavor of the meal.  It is $4 steak and eggs.  It's not some prime cut ish you would find in a bitchin steak house.  But for the price you pay, you definitely get something well worth it.  Now, I will say that my opinion on the flavor may be a little biased and skewed cuz of the drunked taste buds that think almost everything tastes good.  But whenever I go to Vegas, this is a spot we end up going to at least once during the trip.
3	$4 steak and eggs. Need I say more?Actually, yes I should!  Marilyn's also offers a $5 burger (with french fries) that is pretty decent and in my opinion, actually better tasting than the aforementioned meal.
5	WHY 5 STARS FOR A CRUMMY DINER AT A SOMEWHAT CRUMMY HOTEL?SERVICE IS AWESOME AND THEIR $3.99 STEAK AND EGGS IS AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!I have always come to this place almost everytime I go to Vegas. They're steak and eggs deal starts at 12am and goes until I believe 6am. Here's a secret, get your hashbrowns loaded, it's a dollar extra but soooo worth it! They top your hashbrowns with gravy and cheese and onions or something like that...I can never remember since I'm always a little...who are we kidding, I'm DRUNK when I come here! They've got powerade, for those who party too hard at the clubs...lol. But seriously this place is wellll worth the taxi ride!! :) Sucks cause I always forget to take a picture of my steak and eggs, since...you know...I probably can't even remember my name when I come here.
4	Marilyns' cooks everything well like most Vegas coffee shops...Ate there three times last week.  My colleague claims and I quote "The best dry rye toast ever"....not sure where he regularly eats toastHoever, I ate a couple of omelettes and both excelled as did the hash browns and the toast.  They have great specials like all you can eat pancakes, steak and eggs for 4 bucks as well as dailys like chicken pot pieMarilyns is a great find...open 24 hours
5	Absolutely the best, friendliest wait-staff ever, excellent food, always busy especially at breakfast. Lots of gay waiters, lots of tourists, lots of choices.
5	I thought I already wrote a review about Marilyn's Cafe and I was going to update it but I couldn't find the review. So here it is...I always get excellent service at Marilyn's Cafe, food always comes out at the right time, drinks kept filled, etc. They have a thing where if they don't offer you dessert at the end you get a free dessert, which seems very tasty because they have some displayed in the middle of the dining area while you eat, but they are always on it, I always hope they forget so I get some free dessert.  Also it's only good for after 4 pm which I've tried during lunch and they said no LOL. Honestly I never have room for dessert.They have an amazing monster burger with fries special for only $5. I'll take a picture next time or you should trust me and try it out.  The monster burger is pretty simple but looked and tasted gourmet, the patty was plumped and juicy and the bun was fluffy with a crisp.  The fries were thick.  You can also add more ingredients for more.  Eat your monster burger with the Heinz 57 or hot sauce if you want a little spice.They have nightly specials, don't remember the order.  Steak and lobster. AYCE crab legs on Fridays. Half a BBQ chicken with 2 sides for $6.99.  There's an either $2.99/$3.99 AYCE pancake offered 24/7 and senior menu for those seniors, which is basically the same as the regular menu except for 1 side instead of 2 and cheaper.  Their menu consist of seafood, salads, Italian and American dishes and appetizers, sandwiches and soups.  Ask for the free rolls and corn bread.  They also have some good late night specials, steak and eggs, starting at midnight.The interior is nice also, a little feel of Tuscany. I recommend taking the tables if your dining with more than 3, the booths are crammed not really made for 3 unless you like banging each other legs. And they have a private room for large parties.
5	We stayed at Tuscany for several days and we enjoyed the meals at Marilyns. Portions are huge. I had the french toast breakfast, which was delicious. Husband had the steak and eggs with pancakes for $6.99. Can't beat the price. The steak was properly cooked, but it could have used a bit more salt. For dinner, I tried the baked ziti. So good! Like super good. I crave it. Husband had the salmon which was also cooked perfectly. I will be back here the next time we are in LV. Glad we found Tuscany and even more glad we found Marilyns.
5	5 stars for well perfected 3.99 steak and eggs.
4	$3.99 steak and eggs after midnight!that's pretty much all you need to know about this place. It comes with hash browns, and toast. The quality of the steak is so-so. I went here twice the last time I went to Vegas. The first night I ordered my steak "medium-well" and it was too red and bloody. The second night I ordered it "well-done" and it was still red. It wasn't that big of a deal for me because I'd still eat it but it might irk some people. The hash browns were also a bit undercooked. I only eat the toast top of the hash browns. But again, for $3.99, you get what you paid for. Service is great though. They were friendly and peppy for midnight =) That's why I give them 4 stars.
4	You go here for one reason and one reason only.$3.99 Steak & Eggs after midnight. They don't advertise it, you just gotta hear about it. It's like a secret club @ the Tuscany that all the Asians hit up after a night of hardcore partying. & boy, does it hit the spot. $3.99, what a freakin' steal! No wonder the asians flock here.
4	You can't beat the $3.99 steak and eggs after midnight, but I like going in the morning M-F btw 6-11am for their $6.99 steak and eggs special with pancakes because the service during those times are awesome!  I can't remember her name, but our server was one the best servers I've ever had...and I'm not just saying that because she was cute.  The party in my table came one after another so we all ordered separately.  Our server didn't mind at all coming a multitude of times to take orders and run the food.  She was the best!  The other servers during that time slot rock also.  As for the food, surprisingly the cut of the steak isn't that bad.  I only had to slice off a bit of fat strip on the end, but after that the steak was pretty good.  On the down side, this cafe doesn't have A1 steak sauce.  They have Lea & Perrins which is sweeter, kinda ketchupie, but it isn't A1.  Pancakes were delicious and plentiful.  So plentiful I shared half my stack with my little niece.  Can't wait to come back in Christmas time to take advantage of their $3.99 steak and eggs!
3	I've been here about 3 times, but it seems that each time is less memorable than the previous visit.  It's a good deal for the crab, but in my opinion there are so many options in Vegas that surpass Marilyn's Cafe.Pros:    *  There's an AYCE crab feast for $15.98 per person on Friday nights  *  the AYCE option comes with 2 side dishes   *  Free refills on drinks   *  Service was pretty good.  The manager of the restaurant even came by.  *  Quality of the crab itself was mediocreCons:  *  Outdated ambiance  *  No refills on your sides  *  Slow service  *  Raised the price on the AYCE option (previously $12.99)  *  It was cold throughout the restaurant.Overall:  Since the last time I went here, it seems that they have boosted up the price a bit on the AYCE.  That was the main thing that Marilyn's Cafe had going for them was the crab at a killer price.  Since it's a bit more expensive now (in comparison to before), there are other places throughout the valley that offer AYCE for a little more money (way better quality though and more for your money too).  It also doesn't help that was extremely chilly inside the restaurant.  It made my meal less enjoyable.  I live in the Northwest side of town and it's always a pain to get to Tuscany Suites from home (especially on a Friday night).  I do not think I'll be coming here for their AYCE crab anytime soon.  Perhaps on another night for their regular menu, but I have yet to try that.  I'll definitely update my review once I do though.  From reading other reviews, it seems like they have some other good deals that are worth checking out (such as the Steak and Egss for $3.99... unless they changed the price on that too?)Tips:  *  Make sure to check out the menu for all the other days.  Different days = different specials  *  Bring something warm to wear.  It was very cold in there.  *  You have to walk out of the restaurant to use the restroom, but its right around the corner.
2	This review is about the AYCE Crab DinnerMediocre corn.Mediocre rice.Mediocre crab.What happened? I use to love the AYCE crab dinner here because the crab was so warm and juicy. This time the crab was just room temperature and the sides were just blah.The only thing that improved was that they now put their butter on burners, so it never solidifies. The thing I hate the most was that they raised the Crab Dinner price to $15.99 (drink not included)!! That's 3 bucks more than when I use to come here not too long ago. That's a big difference. For just a few bucks more than that I can go to a seafood buffet with unlimited drinks. I don't think I'll be coming here again for the ayce crab dinner. It's no longer a great value.
4	Finally came on a Friday night to attack this $15 AYCE crab legs special I keep hearing about. I quickly changed my mind after see what everyone else was getting. Pretty basic crab legs that you could get at anywhere. So I decided to skip the AYCE crab legs and try something else.Order a full rack of BBQ pork ribs. Amazing. Add them to my list of bbq spots. Tender fall off the bone, perfectly cooked, real delicious BBQ sauce. Also came with 2 sides and rolls at your demand, ask for corn bread you'll like them. I forget the price but it was about $13-15. Plenty of ribs to go around.Steak and egg were ok a bet pricey about $13 regular and $6 during its graveyard special.The monster burger special is still a good deal at $5 but I guess it wasn't as gourmet as I last thought but still good.As always excellent service on a busy Friday night.
4	$4 steak and eggs special during midnight graveyard hours. Its not on the menu but you can ask the waitress about it and they will tell you about it. NOT bad for the portion they give you, it comes with hash browns and toast as well. What a deal! I only go here for their steak and eggs specials after a long night of clubbing and partying. Inside of the Tuscany suite at Marilyn cafe.
4	I'm here.. After a night of partying ... How many times have I been to this cafe ? I lost count! Seriously ! Amazing wait staff and food is to the point!  If its an early morning: get the Steak and eggs! Never fails!  If its dinner time: I like the half BBQ chicken and ribs; get the green beans ! Has bacon in it! Didn't think they would add that flavor element did you!?     So if you are on the strip. Want some affordable food and great service!? Marilyn's Cafe it is!
5	Best 24 hour cafe in Vegas and best kept secret!!!   It's inside good ol Tuscany! They don't even advertise it, but they have Steak, Eggs, and Hashbrowns for $3.99.  You definitely cannot beat that anywhere on the Vegas strip, that's for sure.  If you are a hotel guest, they even give you coupons and you can get 2 for 1 pizzas at Marilyn's...overall this cafe is the bomb-bizzle.  Customer service is wonderful also.  The staff is always super friendly and attentive.Yeah for Marilyn's!!
5	Amazing steak and eggs!  My BF actually liked the steak better than what he had at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill.  And for about half the price of what you'd pay at most of the other more well known casinos.  Service is friendly and super fast.  Great diner food...they also have comfort food (pasta, pizza, etc) and everything else looked really good too.
4	We tried this place because there was a coupon in the Entertainment Book. Since we like the mexican restaurant inside the Tuscany, we figured it was worth trying.We had two sandwiches- we split it (our MO). It was very good, surprisingly, for a casino cafe. It's about $10 per person, without the Entertainment coupon. We've been here a couple times. The service is very good. The atmosphere is nice, and this restaurant is spacious inside. There are tables and chairs as well as booth seating available. It's truly "hit or miss" at these casino cafes. This is probably one of those little known/forgotten casinos and two of the restaurants here are really good.
4	$3.99 steak and eggs?! I am one happy and lucky girl. This place is awesome. You cannot beat $3.99 steak and eggs with crispy hash brown and toast. After partying hard, this is the spot to go when you don't want to break the bank even more. The cafe was not crowded at 2 in the morning on Friday and we were seated immediately.  My steak was cooked the way I wanted, the sunny side up eggs were great, my hash brown was crispy and on top of that, got a nice hearty toasted wheat bread. Service was a little slow but I don't mind it just one bit. This meal would leave you full and very satisfied.
4	We recently stayed at the Tuscany and this restaurant was inside the casino attached to the hotel, and  this place was recommended to us by a friend.The fact they have breakfast 24 hrs/day earns them 3 stars right off the bat.  The fact that the breakfast was tasty and excellent gives them another star.I tried their sausage Benedict with grits, it came with a biscuit and gravy and some hash browns.  Firstly, very large portion, you can't leave hungry.  I wasn't too big on the grits but the rest was so tasty I wish I had room for more.And the coffee?  Well this is the USA....so it was excellent.  Rich, strong and tasty, what a treat from the Canadian brown water we are subjected to.  Maybe this is why I travel the US so frequently, I love the quality of food.And the prices...unbelievable.  Starting at $3.99 for endless pancakes.My meal with coffee came to $10.00.Other bonuses...free wi-fi, nearby casino, nearby patio = heaven!Will come back for sure!
4	In the category of casino coffee shops, I think Marilyn's is one of the better ones in town. Lots of decent-to-great menu options, friendly service, open 24 hours, and some excellent specials.Being inside the Tuscany is a plus too, as it is close to my home, they give me free slot pay $$$, the casino atmosphere is nice, they have a good selection of slots and table games, and parking is convenient and usually plentiful.On this particular night, I selected their Ground Steak with Mushroom Gravy, and it was very good. Beef tasted fresh and the gravy was bursting with umami.  I choose their famed "Loaded Hashbrowns" as one of my sides, and they lived up to my expectations. Could have made a meal out of those alone!  My other side item was their warm cinnamon apples, which were fine, but did not look or taste like they were made in-house.Looking forward to trying their pizza, which was recently added to the menu.
4	Hit this place a bunch of times during our trip to Vegas. Great great great breakfast. The food is awesome, the eggs were fresh, and the service was very friendly and very fast. The corned beef reuben is freakin amazing too. Top notch Reuben I have to say. I was very impressed, and I'm usually a Pastrami Reuben kind of guy, so it says a lot when a corned beef reuben does it this well for me. All in all, this place is great, I will definitely eat here again next time I'm in Vegas.
1	Went here twice, once for lunch and then for breakfast the next morning. Everything I was soaked with grease and had little to no flavor..-all in all it was Mediocre service and bad food.
4	This place is a god-send after a long night on the town, because when the clock strikes 12am it's time for $3.99 Steak and Eggs!!!!!!!   Seriously what can sound better than that? And if your thinking they'll skimp at that price, oh no my friends your dead wrong. Your getting a good sized slab (4oz?) with two eggs served your way, a heaping helping of hashbrowns, and the glorious buttered toast. ( Eat it with jam or use it to sop up the yolk) It's all the  right components to soak up all the booze in your system.   This place was so awesome I came here both nights I was in town. I hear the wait for your food to come here is pretty ridiculous, but both times I was so far gone I couldn't tell. LMAO
4	BEST STEAK & EGGS SPOT IN VEGAS! YEEEAH BUDDYbut they stop serving it at 5am. k go now!!
4	3 steak and eggs and a fruit cup for $15? YES PLEASE. Late night cheap eats for after-clubbing food orgasms. Eggs (scrambled) were a bit tasteless and overcooked to me, and the steak could have been rarer/less dry, but hey...decent portion for a great price. Nothing more to say! Oh and plenty of sauces/dressings to douse the dryness out of the steak if need be!
4	Located at the Tuscany Suites, less than 5 minutes away from the strip. And less than 5 dollars to give you the best drunk munchies experience you'll ever have.For $3.99 from 12 am-5 am, you'd better not think twice to enjoy their steak and eggs. It's the perfect remedy after a long night of drinking. The steak is actually very flavorful, hash browns are crispy and lots of it too, buttery toast, and 2 eggs any you want it! I got loaded has browns (a dollar more) this has gravy and cheese all over it. My medium rare steak with a sunny side egg on top of it to let the yolk just oooze all over it, was so freakin' bombbbb. Honestly, one of the biggest reasons I made my recent Vegas trip was solely to have this deliciousness. And I'm lookin' forward to have my fix again.
4	My husband and I love love marilyn's cafe!  He get's the steak and I get the prime rib, we also love the garden salad and shrimp cocktail. This may will be our 3rd year in a row staying at Tuscany (because we love it) and our 3rd year in a row eating at Marilyn's Cafe. Honestly as we plan our trip in Vegas this is always our first anniversary dinner choice. You gotta try it! Delicious!
4	Great breakfast. We had "the big winner" (2 eggs (ours nicely poached), two sausages, bacon, big hunk of grilled ham, hash browns/grits, 2 slices toast, two pancakes and great service (thanks Elvis) all for $8.99. Coffee$2.29, Lg Juice $3.50. Excellent and not at all greasy.
2	Umm, no.  Yelp fail.  I feel bad for taking my friends here.  Sure, I should know better than ordering steak and eggs ever, but this was, at best, a mediocre rendition of the breakfast classic.  I have had better biscuits at Popeye's; this isn't to denigrate Popeye's, but rather to note that if you can't beat low-end national chains, then you probably haven't reached a threshold bar to a three star review.  By far, the most enjoyable part of the meal were the oversized drinks.  While one of my friends foolishly ordered an absurdly sugary pina colada, our bloody marys were decidedly average.  Here, that is a good thing.  Unless you are looking for super cheap food, I wouldn't recommend the trek over here.
4	It was a Monday morning and we were staying at the Hard Rock, so we went right around the corner and I got the Steak and Eggs, and my girlfriend got I believe an omlette. We paid about the same for the orange juice as we did our meals, haha and they were pretty good. Obviously not 5 stars, but there was 0 wait, good deals, and a tasty breakfast after a night of going out.
1	Ok I don't want to get into too much detail, but look up the symptoms for Salmonella poisoning, both my friend and I had all of the symptoms within 36 hours of eating chicken at this place.  More egregious, was the service.First, we decided to try to expand out lunch options.  There was a $10 off coupon in the local paper and the place is located near UNLV where we both work.  When we got there and were seated, we were optimistic when we saw the variety of options on the menu, we were confident that we had found a new lunch spot.Sooooo at 12:05 we still hadn't receive my chicken Caesar wrap with sweet potatoes waffle fries or my friend's grilled chicken salad.  Nor had we seen the waitress or bus boy to refresh our drinks, that was until they walked into the room from some obscure place together after a half hour. . .We flagged them both down asked for drink refills twice and to please check on our meals as we were on our lunch hour.Out came my meal with waffle fries that were not even warm to the touch. I sent them back and ate half of my wrap.  It had kind of an odd taste but I attribute it to strong feta cheese.My friend asked for no dressing with her salad but asked for vinegar . . . The waitress brought her a bottle with about a quarter inch of brown liquid in it and said this is vinegar.  It wasn't.  It was soy sauce, so that went back. . .We asked to talk to the manager; we had to ask four people to speak to the manager until he finally begrudgingly came over.  He began with "You are already unhappy so there is nothing I can say to make it better"  That is it. . .He would not even take care of the worse meal I have ever eaten in my life. . .which lead to 3 days of major illness.STAY AWAY.
4	Awesome deals. Great food
5	If you are looking for the ultimate nums after the club or for a late night meal, this is THEEEE place to go! Steak and eggs for 3.99, kind staff, and minimal wait? What more need i say? I go here just for steak and eggs at least 3 times a month. I definitely recommend this place!
3	Tasty, but random.  Do not order a chocolate shake it is kinda cold watery chocolate milk...  the pizza is good though.
3	THE GOOD: They serve alcohol, they're open 24/7 and have all your diner needs. The prices are an ode to old school Vegas back when awesome food specials would draw you into random hotels. Perfect for after the club "sober me up" delectables.THE BAD: The wait!!!  Oh my goodness!  You'd better have plenty of time to spare cause you'll have 3 major waits to deal with. First off its not on the strip, Second you'll wait a while to be seated and finally you'll wait a longer while to actually get your food.  I believe the long waits puts an unnecessary additional amount of pressure on the taste of the food.  We wanted Steak and Eggs and Yelped this place specifically for that reason.  Sadly the steak was REALLY tough and the hash browns were bland and uneventful. ALL IN ALL: Gets the job done but not at all memorable! Again it was probably the long wait that hurt the taste so I gave this place an additional star. With all that said I'd definitely go back at some random hour with less expectations.
4	steak & eggs!steak and eggs for $3.99? i'm a fan. i think the deal is only valid between 2:00-5:00 am. definitely great after you've have a couple of drinks at a club dancing the night away. it does get crowded especially around 2:00 am. the deal is not on the menu, so you won't need it. just tell them how you want your steak and eggs and what kind of toast you would like. it also comes with hash browns! try the zucchini with ranch as an appetizer. it's worth it. will definitely come back again (it's a tradition)! check out the picture i posted.
4	This place has good food but bad service thats all
5	This is one of Vegas' best hidden gems! The last 3 times I went to Las Vegas, I went to Marilyn's each time after each night of clubbing. The $4 steak and eggs here are as good as it gets. It definitely satisfies your drunchies - it comes with toast and hash browns too! I've also tried the chicken pot pie, but it's $7 and still not as good as the steak & eggs. I've never had to wait in line, but then again I only come here around 2-4 AM. Every single time, we see a certain waiter - James - and he is the absolute best! I don't know how he manages to stay to happy and friendly and perky at 4 AM to all of us drunkards. I will be coming back again, and again, and again, every time I come to Vegas, and each time with new friends, so long as there are $4 steak and eggs here. This place is an essential part of all my Las Vegas memories.
4	Steak&eggs = yumSteak&eggs + rice&soy sauce = BOMB
5	Staying at the Tuscany Suites, my family went down to Marilyn's for dinner to kick off our Vegas vacation with a square meal.  We were seated immediately in a booth at the back of the restaurant.The staff was very happy to have us there.  I am certain of this because the waitress said to us in a genuine way, "We're so happy to see you!" I ordered fried chicken ($8.99 + $1.99 for side salad); the Mrs. ordered chicken fried steak ($10.99), and the kids agreed to share an order of lasagna.  The adults drank water and the kids "made their own lemonade" with water, lemons, and sugar packets.Our waitress brought fresh warm dinner rolls and cornbread.All of the dinners were very good, as were the sides.  The only thing I would have changed was the side salad came with shredded cheddar cheese on top.  This is unnecessary when I order blue cheese dressing.Service was also very attentive.  At one point my son spilled water onto the table, and a staff person was right there to wipe it up.Total with the coupon we got at check-in was about $24.  I left a good tip on top of that.  Not bad at all.Thanks Marilyn!  and kudos to your staff as well.  You haven't seen the last of us.
4	For $4, the steak and eggs fills you up. Reaaaally good
3	I don't know how many times I ate here, like 100. For breakfast and when I was drunk, so it must have been too often. The food isn't too bad, but the price and it being open 24 hours is what makes this place so nice. I stayed at the hotel, so it was pretty convenient for me to eat here. The staff here is nice, even though I was probably a drunken fool.
4	What's more better after the club than sleep or drink more (for you alchys, jk) ? EAT! haha! after the night of burning calories from dancing it got me hungry and my friends & I all decided to hit up Tuscany for steak & eggs!! WOW $4.99 for steak, eggs, hash browns, and toast that is such a great deal! It took awhile for the food to come out but oh well it was worth the wait! I was a bit bummed that my steak was more on the almost well done side than medium-well. All our steaks were not all correctly cooked to what we wanted but hey it was only $4.99 and it's late so maybe the cooks were tired too lol Definitely a spot to hit up for some late night grubbin!
3	Only been here once for their $3.99 steak and eggs after clubbing with my best friends. First thing, the server was nice and friendly (and also very pretty). She was taking three drunky people's orders and she was patient and didn't show any annoyance (at least not to our faces), since we were being loud and constantly laughing. Our orders came fast and for the price the serving was HUGE, almost couldn't fit three plates on a table that seats four. The steak wasn't dry and they didn't give us scrap meat either. I'm really impressed how delicious it was for only around $4.
4	Service is excellent. Bread was over buttered. Nice little cafe with good prices. Food was overall good.
3	Decent. Diner style restaurant but classier. Open late for your drunk munchies after you go h.a.m. in the club. Came here with some friends and opted for the breakfast choices. I mean the food doesn't look pretty, but its edible. The bread isn't entirely fresh in terms of home made. I am pretty sure they order like Wonder Bread and give us those slices.  I don't even remember how much everything costed..... Probably pricy because it's vegas? Whatevs.
2	I went with my niece & her friends, they wanted the all you can eat crab legs for 16 dollars. I like crab, but I don't LOVE it so I opted for the fried chickend, brocoli & mashed potatos. The mashed potatos were soooooooooooooo good! Everything else was ok. Now our waiter, Victor...was thee worst. I think he was having a bad day to begin with because when we got there he was having trouble with the previous table. Red flag #1 He was very quick with us, rude, impatient. I asked him if I could have the basket of bread that comes with my meal...he proceeded to tell me that I could not have it unless I requested it... Ummm sir that is why I am requesting it :) Some people at our table wanted to swap out their rice for something else because they didn't like it, he told us he was going to get in trouble with the chefs...etc.... And he also brought out an extra plate of crab legs and by the time they were ready to be eaten they were cold sooo unfortunately no one wanted them...he was really mad about that. I stayed as polite as I knew how to be before I went to management and let them know what was going on. I woould maybe go back to try something else, but I WILL NOT sit in Victors section #NOMAAM
5	umm where do i begin! Really! steak and egg specials!! DELICIOUS!! SOOOO GOOD! It literally beat any other fine restaurant   in Vegas! I loved it! From my amazing waiter.. (forgot his name but, a white male with lots of energy) to my chocolate chip whip cream pancakes! Ohhh myyy goshhhhh If you dont try them after reading this review I feel bad for you! The location is inside the Tuscany Inn where I was staying and after the amazing nights of partying hard I knew I could depend on toppin my night off at Marilyns! open all night and very affordable!
3	Good food for the money.  Located inside the Tuscany Casino.We ate here over the course of our three day stay while attending a convention.  Average price ranged from $7-10.   You can't go wrong.Pros - plenty of seating.  Solid American food.  Cheap and plenty.Cons - food served fairly lukewarm like my pancakes and corn beef hash.Opened 24 hours daily.  Lots of to go orders.
2	Came here for an early dinner at around 5 on a Monday.  Had the prime rib special...prime rib not flavorful at all, glazed carrots were not glazed, although you could taste the brown sugar.  Broccoli tasted old.  Decent prices though!
4	Chicken Fried Steak...good. Steak and Eggs...good. Prices are reasonable. Staff is friendly and attentive. Good place to recover from a hangover. Oh, and coffee is good.
3	The waffles
3	Good food, reasonable prices, quick service.
4	After a successful night of clubbing, we all had some late night munchies and took the cab to Tuscany for some steak & eggs! We came around 3am and the place was pretty empty. All 10 of us ordered the usual steak & eggs (steak, eggs, toast & hash browns). Along with 2 cups of coffee. I'm not sure how much each plate was but the end total for all of us was $62 - probably including gratuity & tax. Not too shabby :)The waiter was friendly and took our order quickly as well as refilled coffee whenever needed without us having to asking.
3	4.99 for steak & eggs at 3am. Oh yes. 3.90 for a glass of o.j.  Oh no. Stick to water guys and let your drunk body soak up all the meaty greasy goodness
3	Another friend in town and stayng on the strip...need to find someplace nearby and not overly priced or overly crowded. Who do I turn to...YELP! TADA...Marilyn's Cafe is chosen as the nearest and bestest in reviews.  So we meet here on a Sunday morning and the place is packed.  Pros: Hostesses were very polite and professional. Food was good and very cheap. I got the Big WInner and I ate half of it. It came with pancakes, sausages, bacon, hash brown, eggs n toast. Oh and ham...Server was polite and server's assistant punctual as he got us drinks asap.Busy-which is always a good sign.Cons: Server never checked back with us, until it was time to drop the bill.No refills on water, juice?They gave us a highchair that had a broken strap which someone tried to fix by stapling them together? Really? Little kids sit in them..use your brain!Would I give this place another try. Sure, why not. Cheap food and it was quick. I just won't ask for a high chair, and if I need anything I'll just get it when I order my food...
4	Bottom line: eat here if you can, but it's really not worth the crazy wait in line if you can't get in easily.On all my trips to SF, we always try to stop by Marilyn's.  We always see the stupid crazy line out the door, and decide we'll try next time.  This time, we actually saw a few people in line, and quickly took advantage of the situation.SURPRISE!  There's ANOTHER LINE inside!OK, so it only took about 20 minutes once we got inside, and we ordered a variety of breakfast foods to sample.  We go the french toast and an omelet and the side fixings that go along with those dishes.  It was good.  Would I eat here again?  Yes, if I don't have to wait more than 30 minutes to get to my food.  I will suggest Sear's Fine Foods in Union Square as an alternative.  I think their breakfast food is comparable - and there's typically no wait.  I know Marilyn's puts fancier ingredients in their food and such - but with the foods we ordered, it only mattered that it was well prepared.
5	I fought with my boyfriend about coming here for over a year.  He kept telling me how amazing it was, and a favorite with the locals, but I was unconvinced.  About a year ago I gave in, and feel like an idiot for not coming earlier.This restaurant is located off the floor of Tuscany casino.  Don't let that bother you.  If you want a home style meal, whether breakfast, lunch, or dinner, Marilyn's is perfect.  I have had both breakfast and dinner here.  The menu is extensive, there is something for everyone.  I always get the half-chicken dinner (it comes with big fluffy rolls and 2 sides of your choice (a list of anything from potatoes, veggies, salad, fruit, etc).  Dinner is always super fast and delicious.  The breakfast menu is expansive, as are the portions.  They serve a very high quality of food here.I have never had a bad meal here.  It is not a fancy strip restaurant, more of a diner ambiance, but that is part of the charm.
4	Yum. Good breakfast and cheap beer. Staff was a little slow but pretty good food for cheap Vegas food.
4	Once upon a vegas weekend, I really wanted some steak, eggs, and a mimosa. Although this place is a little far ways from the strip(you'd probably have to drive/cab here) but it was so worth it! I came with my boyfriend and my friend and her boyfriend on a Tuesday afternoon after the advertised deals. But our waitress was SO nice to us. She was friendly, she joked with us, and she hooked it up! Instead of paying $12.99 for New York steak and eggs, she let us have it for the special price of $6.99 even though it was 3:30pm before any of the deals started. My boyfriend and I both got this deal and it was worth the out of way trip here! The steak was nice and tender and I can't complain for the price! The servings were generous, and the buttered toast was to DIE for (: My mimosa was originally $6.95 I believe but the bill showed it to be $5, so she definitely hooked that up too! It was just the right amount of bubbly! The meal total came out to be about $20, which I think is a really good deal!I heard that there's a $3.99 deal for steak and eggs between 12am-6am so I'll definitely come back for that the next time I'm in vegas! Good food, even better prices, and amazing service !
2	The lady at my hotel gave Marilyn's a good recommendation for dinner. So I checked the reviews at yelp which were also good. Unfortunately it was not good at all.The restaurant is in the back of the Tuscany Casino. It looks nice, sort of like an upscale coffee shop. The server was a little slow to take my order, which was surprising since there were only two people in his section at the time. I ordered the chicken parmesan, which came with garlic toast and spaghetti; no other sides. The wait for the food seemed a little long; again surprising since the crowd wasn't very big. The meal was a huge disappointment. I never thought there could be too much cheese on Chicken Parmesan but boy was I wrong. It was completely smothered in goopy greasy mozz. The chicken was obviously a frozen reheat. The pasta was overcooked and soggy (honestly I'm usually okay with overcooked pasta, but not soggy). The sauce was the worst; it definitely tasted canned, almost Chef Boyardee-ish. Yuck!! The only positive was the dinner rolls that were brought to me half way through the meal. The service throughout the meal remained mediocre.I was tempted to give them a one star... but to be honest, most of the people around me were ordering the prime rib (which was on special) or breakfast items. The prime rib with the salad and baked potato looked delicious and everyone seemed to be enjoying their breakfasts. And as you can see there is a multitude of positive reviews here at Yelp.  So I gave them the benefit of the doubt and TWO STARS.Update: Not sure why, but I went back for breakfast a few days later.  The breakfast wasn't bad.  Again, the place was busy and everybody seemed to be very happy with their meals.  So, maybe I was just unlucky with the Chicken Parm.  However, the two stars still stands.
4	Stopped by there for breakfast.  Basic breakfast food nothing special.The service was pretty good.  This would be a 3 star review because it was just good nothing really special at all.... the typical casino cafe.  The reason for a one star bump is because it was somewhat cheaper than other places for breakfast.So - decent breakfast very reasonably priced with good service.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place... I absolutely love it here. I have been eating here since 2008, I probably go, on average, once a month. I don't live close, so I usually make a special trip. The staff has always been amazing and for a casino cafe, the atmosphere isn't obnoxious.The food is kinda homey and the portions are more than adequate, especially for the reasonable prices. I love the Turkey dinner, it's like Thanksgiving anytime!If you haven't been, I totally recommend giving it a try!
4	How do you beat $4.99 steak and eggs?  Went here after having $5.99 steak and eggs from Ellis Island Cafe the previous night.  Marilyn's Cafe is definitely brighter and nicer in ambiance.  However, the potatoes from Ellis was better; and the beer at Ellis was cheaper too!Our server was friendly and food came out quickly.  Check out both places and decide for yourself.
4	Crawled in here after a very long night of partying and enjoyed fantastic down-home cooking and amazing service from Victor.  What a pro!  He insisted on bringing a bread basket while the food was cooking, and suggested trying the warm cornbread. Outstanding!!!  It was great that he went above and beyond the normal call of duty.
1	Easy Mac from Kraft...the kind in a pack with the powder. Seriously, that is what they gave me for my macaroni side. Someone tell me WHY this place has more than 1 star. YUCK!
5	I'm biased. The only thing I order here is $4.99 steak and eggs. I can't get over that for $5 I can get a legit meal of steak, eggs, hashbrowns, and toast. (Medium steak with over medium eggs.. yee) . It's perfect after clubbing food. It's also great that its 24 hours. Also, the service there was pretty good. It was 2 am and the guy working was still peppy. Props to you man!
4	I loved the $4.99 steak and eggs... A lot better than some other chains out their ihop, dennys, etc. Best deal in town too. Their blueberry pancakes were delicious as well... I also ordered the grits - do not order. It was very watery and bland.
5	5.99 steak &eggs with a beer? COUNT ME IN! everytime i'm in vegas this is a must go to place! not only for one day but for every day that i'm in vegas &i do just that! the wait can vary depending on what time of the day you go but i come here around 11 am &the wait is about 10 min. ive only tried their steak &eggs but boy are they yummy! &did i mention the portion of the steak is huge &delicious?!?! the meal comes with steak, eggs, hash brown &bread and also your choice of beer all for only 5.99! can't beat that price anywhere &the service is also amazing as well we never had to ask for anything because our waitress always checked up on us &was very attentive! another added bonus is their hours! their open 24 hours a day so after the club this would be a perfect place to go too when you get hungry!
5	I have always liked Marilyn's Cafe.  The atmosphere is quiet and secluded from the rest of the Casino (The Tuscany).  I have never had any major problems here and I don't foresee any in the future.  Breakfast anytime you want it... cheap eats... and good service, what else do you want?  Here is my review from my last visit: - We walk up to the counter and we were seated right away. - Our drink order was taken and brought out promptly. - The waitress came over and took our order.    * Side note: I am not one that is really picky but, I eat Ultra Low Carb throughout the week.  So, I ordered a burger with no bun and instead of fries, I asked for a side of bacon.  Of course my friends gave me a little grief - as good friends do from time to time.  Or, in my case, all of the time.  Anyhow, she, said it she'll look into it.  It turned out to be no problem and I was charged the regular price. - We had ample time between our courses.  So, there was no rushing through the salad / soup because our main meal was on it's way out. - Our drinks were always full. - We were checked up on periodically.   - She gave us the desert pitch before handing us our bill.  This is the type of service I want and expect when I choose to eat out.  So, with all of that said, it was a pretty good experience to just hang out with a couple of friends and have a pretty decent meal.
1	What a joke! Service is way too long for 1:00am (not pm) and basically empty. Still it took more than 15 minutes to bring out breakfast food. I got up and left, disgusted! Overpriced...$8 for a breakfast bagel! You must be kidding. I will go to Starbucks instead and pay 1/'2 that for the same plus coffee.
5	Service was fantastic.  We had the all you can eat crab legs and they kept them coming.  Hard to beat the price.
4	I came here twice during my two day stay in Vegas. Good prices for a lot of food with pretty good service. It's like a hidden gem! It wasn't crowded at all both times that I went, at 1:30 PM and 5 AM. First time I got the 12 oz steak with loaded hash browns and potato salad. Potato salad was ok, so were the hash browns. I devoured the steak, I wanted it cooked medium well and it came out just the way I wanted! You can also request bread rolls but they ran out so they gave us corn bread which was delicious. For $12.99 it was a pretty good deal. Service was pretty good, the server came by to check on us a few times, refilled our water, gave us extra napkins... I don't have anything bad to say about this place!
4	The steak and lobster deal on Wednesdays is such a good deal! Don't expect Wolfgang Puck quality, but with two sides and a bread basket, this is one heck of a deal!
4	I stayed at the Tuscany hotel and this cafe/diner was really convenient with good quality food for affordable price.  Food was really nothing special, but just solid good quality.
4	Decent Steak and Eggs.Great Atmosphere.Would definitely eat again!Thanks for the good time!
4	Really solid spot. Pancakes were to die for. Skip the biscuits and gravy. Can't comment on the lunch menu, but for a cheap breakfast or brunch ($8-10), you can't go wrong!
4	$3.99 Steak & Eggs! The perfect meal when you've had a bit too manys drink after a night of dancing in Vegas. I am definitely coming here again!Also, WATER! Our waiter was super good at refilling our water, especially after being so dehydrated from all the alcohol.
3	Did you have a raging night and you're hungry?Cheap steak and eggs! $5-ish plus tax, plus tip. Service is okay. Don't expect them to be on top of it. They're short handed and trying to be quick and efficient.I seriously just come here for the steak and eggs. Don't ask me how the other food tastes like.
4	I'm gonna go out on a whim and say you stumbled onto this restaurant by searching for 'steak and eggs'. High five for you! Nothing says you've had a good night like some $4.99 steak and over easy yolk-porn.  It's a guarantee that the entire plate will be devoured in under 5 minutes. Time me if you don't believe me. heheh Don't complain about slow service and stop being picky about the quality. it's $4.99 and you're drunk, so just be happy and enjoy the rest of your night.
4	Steak, 2 eggs, and toast 5.99. Waiting for the food as we speak, don't imagine it being bad for the price.
5	This cafe is tucked away inside the Tuscany Casino, and it's well worth the trip even if you're not staying there. The have breakfast, lunch and dinner specials every day including a steak and eggs breakfast special that you just have to try to know how delicious it is. I've been here many times after finding this place when staying at the hotel and everything I've ordered here is cooked to order and tasty. They're open 24 hrs and their pricing is very reasonable even when not ordering a special
4	We had 2 breakfasts here during our stay at the hotel.  Very good both times.  I especially enjoyed the eggs benedict with perfectly cooked hash browns.  Thumbs up for the hollandaise sauce they serve.. good prices too.
3	All those cheap specials that are being advertised on yelp are only at late night or early morning, which caused some disappointment for me as I convinced all my friends we'd have a cheap meal.I ordered a skillet plate since the special was unavailable and it was packed with goodness. The wait for the food; however, was a little unbearable. We had about 6 people, but we waited around a half hour for our food. They might make you wait so the food can taste better. I wouldn't mind coming here again, but I might only come when I find out when that damned steak and eggs special is available.
4	This was my last meal before leaving the great city of Las Vegas. Some of the people in our group swore by it and I am so glad they made the recommendation. Like some of the other reviews, my only issue was the speed of service. But our waitress Patty was super cool and came back to check in on us pretty often.Would love to experience this place after a long night out on the Strip, maybe next trip...
5	Our waitress was the best!! I don't remember her name, but she had us call her "Auntie." She was so nice and accommodating. One of us don't eat meat or the other prefers something else, she'd tried to make it more suitable for us and was very attentive.Food was fast.I ordered one of the hash bowls: hash browns with cheddar cheese, spinach, mushrooms, and sunny side up eggs on top - SO GOOOOD, such good comfort food served as breakfast, not too heavy, comes with 2 pancakes so you get that sweet as wellNY Steak and eggs - Senior special $8, steak is tender, comes with hash browns$4 after 12amChicken pot pie - good, my friend ate it all but kinda smallWe came here because Ellis Island's line was too full. I heard the food is better, but I definitely don't mind coming here either. Ellis Island is mainly meat and eggs I believe, whereas this place has ALL the american food you can think of! from breakfast, lunch, to dinner, anything you want or craving, so come here!
5	I AM IN LOVE!!!!this is the place to eat! they have STEAK, 2 EGGS, TOAST, AND HASH BROWN FOR ONLY $4.99 are you kidding me??? not only was the price so cheap but the steak was soo juicy and tender. i am drooling as i type. the $4.99 special is only from midnight thru 5 am but we like to come here after our night outs! the regular price is $12.99 for this meal but we actually went back the morning after and ordered the same plate again... it was that good! i would recommend this place to EVERYONE! i wish this place was around my area! the lines are never too long and all the servers here are spectacular !!!
5	Love this place! Marilyns cafe has a little bit of everything on the menu. I myself prefer going Friday evenings for all you can eat crab legs for 16.95. Service is always fast and friendly. Aldo the assistant manager is such a sweet heart. He always makes sure that everyone is taken care of and is happy with the service and quality of food. I recommend this cafe
4	$5 steak and eggs!!Definitely a must after clubbing! My friends and I ALWAYS come here after a long night at the club because it's such a great deal for a good amount of food! The steak sometimes isn't how you order it but the hashbrowns and eggs always hit the spot! it also comes with toast. for $5 you can't go wrong! it's never really that crowded that late at night but it does kind of suck trying to find a taxi after you eat. I've actually been here not at 2am and the food is pretty good! definitely worth trying if you don't mind going a couple blocks off the strip. Note: the $5 steak and eggs deal is only available late at night.
5	Best breakfast in Vegas!! I love breakfast and there are a million places to eat in Vegas so I looked on yelp for the best breakfast near the strip and this is what I found! It's inside the Tuscany Suites and Casino, straight back from the entrance of the casino. It's a 24 hour cafe that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. I would compare this to a mom and pop version of Denny's, with better prices. I got the "Big Winner" which comes with 2 eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, toast, hash browns AND pancakes..... for $8.99!!!! And this isn't even a special! They have cheaper prices if you come during certain times on weekdays. And the taste was GREAT. We really liked our server John. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and made our experience even better.Basically..... I can't wait to come back to Vegas to have breakfast at Marilyn's!
4	You can't beat $5 steak and eggs!  I came here with my dad and bf after a night out.  It was open at 3 AM (no surprise) and not very crowded at all.  We asked for the $5 steak and egg special.  It took about 15 minutes before we got our meal, and the steak was cooked just right and came with 2 eggs, hash browns, and toast.  Everything was delicious and nothing was left behind on the plate.  Best $5 I've ever spent!  The service was pretty good, and the restaurant definitely had a cafe atmosphere to it.  Even though it's a little out of the way from the Strip, I would definitely come here again!
5	MMMM...that $5 steak. What a deal! We left EDC early for this deal, totally worth it! You have to ask for their steak special though since it isn't listed on their menu. I ordered medium rare steak and over easy eggs which comes with hash browns and toasts. YUUM!! So cheap and you get what you pay for! This place makes me happy because come on! nowadays, food is just overpriced and finding places that offer deals like this just make me happy. The food is good and fulfilling; they give you more than what you pay for. Not to mention, the service is awesome too! KUDOS to the lady that served us that night! She was so nice! She made sure that we got what we ordered, went back a few times to check up on us and asked if we needed anything else. AWESOME deal and AMAZING staff? This place deserves 5 stars! Way to go, Marilyn's Cafe!! (:
1	Disappointed! Pot roast dry, mac&cheese is out of a Kraft box, clam chowder tasteless. Service awful, server not rude, she took our order, brought our food, gave us our chk, & nothing more! & even though we sat near a main aisle, where she passed ever few mins, she never asked how things were & how we were doing, she didn't even refill our drinks. There's a flip menu on the table, saying u get a free dessert if a dessert tray isn't brought to u, I have never turned down a free offer, this time I did, I couldn't wait to leave. First & last visit ever.
5	Awesome awesome awesome!My whole family is a huge fan of the midnight special.  Steak and eggs, $4.99, and the quality can't be beat!  We stop in every time we come to Vegas.My kid is a night owl and even if we are dragging on our first night in Vegas, she'll ask us to stay up and go.  And we wind up happy about it every time!  On our last trip, two years ago, the steak was good.  Now it's a dollar more for the special, and the steak is great!And the rest.  This restaurant can actually deliver an egg over easy.  It's perfect every time.  The toast, buttery and filling.  Hash browns, nice and tasty, well cooked and not overdone.You need to know what's on at what time when you come in.  The $4.99 special is midnight to 5 AM, but a regular breakfast special for $7.99 is available mornings.  Or fill up on pancakes for...memory is a bit dim but I think it's $3.99 around the clock.Be sure to tip your waiter on something like what the actual price would be.  Service is good and regular, ours always keep our drinks filled.Hit the casino for laughs with the Judge Judy slots behind the cafe, or just hit the video poker up the aisle.
4	First time here, nice quaint casino... I ordered the breakfast croissant and it came with hasbrowns.  It was tasty and plentiful.  The decaf coffee was really good and the waitress was very accommodating.  I like it here.  I enjoyed the gambling too.
3	If you stay at Tuscany Suites in Vegas, you can get 50% off coupon. Not fancy but good enough. The taste of grilled tilapia and prime rib were OK.
5	Don't let the Denny's-like decor fool you, this place is the bombbbb diggity.$5 dollar steak and eggs, SAY WHAT?!  It's not really advertised you just order it, only available from 12am-5am. Soooo either stay up or stay out so you don't miss out on this super awesome deal.  You know what they say, the early bird gets the the worm! Well, in this case...a steak cooked to your liking (medium-rare ftw!), crispy hashbrowns, two eggs prepared on your word (over easy done right!), and two full slices of toast smeared in butterrrr (white, wheat, rye, sourdough).Hungry hippo, you're welcome.Drunk ass, you're welcome.(I am both of these, so no judgment here!!)
4	You can't beat $4.99 steak and eggs cooked just as you would like it. Come right after you go out - no wait, quick and friendly service, and BUTTERY toast. Seriously... $4.99. Yesss!
5	Great Food and Service!! The menu is extensive and has something for everyone. The steak and eggs was amazing. We will be back for sure!!
4	Denver omelet was great. Top notch service, reasonable price for an in-casino restaurant, and good food.
4	My girls and I (Katie H. and Kelsey W.) just finished a night at Marquee and wanted some grub after all that dancing. They convinced me to come here for late night food and we got there at around 3:30am Sunday morning. Based on location and decor, I was not feeling this place. Only thing that saved my hesitation though was the fact that so many people were there at that foresaken hour!We each got the famous steak and eggs (steak medium and eggs scrambled) and damnnnn was I in for a treat! Eggs done well, steak just the right portion size and texture, a ton of crispy hash browns, and toast slathered in butter beauty. OMG talk about satisfying! I didn't care about the decor, I didn't care that we went off the strip to get here, and I def didn't care that I was eating that much food in the middle of the night! AND ONLY $4.99?!!! So much beauty in one night.Woooooo good work Marilyn's Cafe! You made a fan out of a disbeliever!
5	Food was amazing!  Try the apple spread thing, whatever it was called.  Hashbrowns are usually bad at restaurants but this place knows what they're doing.  I would've never known about this place without Yelp.
5	I love that it's 24 hours, I come here every time that I'm in Vegas and staying at the Tuscany it's so convenient, the only thing I would say is to speed up the take out orders I waited for like 40mins at 1:30am for my food but other than that it was worth the wait. Oh yeah and there is plenty of food options and the price is amazing with good quality food.
5	I miss Tuscany ever since I moved. This place was a late night favorite for me after all the geeky magic get together a. Everything is fairly priced and delicious. The steak and eggs are a must!
3	Little restaurant inside the Tuscany Casino. This was a mixed bag. 5 of us ate there twice:Good:+ Price+ Selection+ Some of the dishes were good: roast beef (pot roast) + relatively quiet location+ time - Their hours seem to be round the clock Bad: - Most of the dishes were just so-so. My chicken cordon bleu was extremely disappointing and not any better than a frozen microwave chicken cordon bleu - Plating or presentation was poor - just slap it on the plate.
3	Took about twenty minutes for a server to notice us and take our drink orders then it took another hour for our food to come out. I got the big winner. My scrambled eggs were orange. Talk about strange. My boyfriend thought it was Mac n cheese. The bacon was burnt and the sausage links were overcooked as well.. The pancakes and hash-browns were decent. I probably won't come back here for breakfast. My boyfriend got steak medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. Service sucks so bad and the food was decent.
3	Steak and eggs is a staple of drunk or "been drinking a bit so now I'm really hungry" food in Las Vegas. While there are a few choices in Vegas I always choose Marilyn's Cafe at the Tuscany because its 1. close by to the strip 2. its not crowded, no wait in line 3. it taste OK.Your steak and eggs is $4.99 from something like 11pm - 5am, consist of a 6ish oz steak, two eggs, hash browns, and toast. Pretty basic, but a core essential in waking up without a hangover. I've had the other food before on their extensive menu and it gets a pass.If you do come here for steak and eggs they no longer allow bill splitting during steak and eggs time so bring CASH.
5	The best steak and eggs we had in Vegas!!! Delicious and the price was great!
4	$5 Steak and eggs?! I'm in! This little gem is located in the read of the Tuscany Suites Hotel & Casino. There is free parking in the front lot as well. At midnight, this cafe has a special for $5: New York Steak, two eggs, 4 pieces of toast, and hash browns. If I lived in Vegas, I would definitely be coming back here more often because it's a quality meal for cheap!
4	$4.99 late night steak and eggs!We used to take a $25 (one way!) cab ride to South Point for their $2.95 steak and eggs. But since I discovered this spot, I'll definitely be going here instead of alllllll the way to South Point.It took a while before we got our food, but the wait was worth it. Steak, eggs, hash browns, and sourdough toast. Perfect after a night out of drinking and dancing. Oh, and the fact that it's only $4.99 makes it better.Check this spot out for the late night s&e cravings. It's located at the Tuscany Inn which is a block behind Bally's. Not far from the main strip!
4	Good food and i love how the portions weren't disgustingly huge. It was just right for one person and some extra.
4	$4.99 for steak, eggs, potatoes, break - say what!?  You can't ask for a better deal, especially after a long night of partying at 3 - 4 in the morning.Don't expect quality steak at this price.  However, the food for sure hits the spot at the wee hours of the morning.Our waiter was awesome, funny, attentive, and super friendly.
5	Stopped by for a late dinner before retiring to our room next door. Was really amazed by the portion sizes and cost. Was a good price with plenty of food. We ate and had left offers to bring home. The service was really nice and quick. Definitely coming back before we head home.
3	Came here for the steak and eggs like everyone else. I was kind of disappointed. From the pictures that I had seen of the meal, it looked WAY better in pictures than in real life. The steak was really fatty and not very tasty, but hey it's a damn cheap meal and I'm fine with that after being out all night.
3	Price was great for all-you can eat pancakes - honestly though, I couldn't even finish the first plate - they are huge.  I got a side of corned beef hash too and it was A-OK by me (as was the coffee).  I ordered my pancakes as the 'red, white and blue' style - which means strawberries, bananas, and blueberries.. the bizarre thing (which I did not like) was that they actually mixed all the fruit into the batter - so I got pancakes full of mushy cooked fruit.  I guess it was ok, but not my favorite and not what I expected - I thought the fruit would be on top of regular pancakes.  Oh well.  Service was nice and quick.  I definitely don't mind stopping in here for food whenever I am staying at Tuscany and need to get a quick bite.
3	This was our spot when we stayed at the Tuscany during our multiple Vegas trips. Open all the time and the $4.99 steak and eggs was a steal! Who could say no? It is especially enticing after a night on the strip and rounds of booze ;) So yeah, it might not be top quality steak or anything but drunchies claims otherwise!
4	After a successful night of clubbing in early October, my friend said he was going to The Tuscany to get $4.99 steak and eggs and offered to bring some back for me. I'd never heard of such a thing and was skeptical about how good a $5 steak would be. I also don't like eating late at night but he told me I'd regret it if I didn't.I was starving by the time he got back since I stayed up waiting for him to return. My take-out box had steak, eggs, hashbrowns, and toast. The steak, to be honest, was barely edible and had a ton of fat. Another friend, who was also starving, thought it was delicious and ate most of it. The eggs were scrambled, pretty bland, and could've used some salt. So... why 4 stars?The Loaded Hashbrowns -- it's $1 more to get them loaded, but do it anyway (uh, it's only a $1). I can promise you you won't regret it, because it's the most delightfully delicious concoction of hashbrowns, gravy, cheese, and only God knows what else (crack?); especially when you're starving at 4 AM. I'd pay $5.99 just for these hashbrowns alone.So, go. Marilyn's steak obviously won't be the best you've ever had, but for $5, who's complaining?
4	Food was really good.  It's just simple cooking with a low price tag.  Service was average. Serving size is average to large, neither one of us were able to finish our meals
4	Good food fast and great service. No kids menu but one order was great to split between the two kids. No wait to sit down.  Leaving happy.
4	It's 2am in Vegas, hungry like there's no tomorrow. What? Steak and eggs? Sure! $5? That just makes it even more appetizing! Marilyn's cafe never ceases to satisfy! Located in the Tuscany Suites & Casino, it's just off the strip by a tad. Their graveyard special is just that - steak and eggs for $5. I haven't tried anything else, but this definitely makes a girl like me happy. You can order your choice of white or wheat bread, choice of cooked eggs (over easy is the way to go!), and it also comes with a side of hash. Yum. Steaks are the perfect portion size and cooked just right to your liking! Sure, it may not be the best steak and eggs, but for the price, it's excellent! Service is great and attentive! Friendly is a plus! Seating is always available which makes it even easier! Convenient and reasonably delicious! I'll be back for midnight munchies!
4	Steggs - steak and eggs.After a long night of clubbing and shenanigans in Vegas, stop by Marilyn's and have their $5 steak and eggs special. You get steak and eggs prepared the way you want them, hash browns (order them extra crispy!), and toast. Very delicious, filling, and cheap - just the way I like it!
4	I went for their Steak & Eggs late night special for $4.99. Specials run from midnight 12am to 5am. Heard about from Yelp when having hunger pangs late at night during a Las Vegas vacation.The special come with a strip steak (cooked medium, my preference), two eggs to your liking (mine is sunny side up), hash browns shredded-style, and toasts. Sure hits the spot and satisfies!
4	Steak & Eggs. Best thing to get after midnight and it's only $5.00! Steak was juicy, hash browns were good, toast was how it should be, and eggs were cooked exactly how I asked them to be. Service was alright and food took a while to get.
4	The chicken Caesar wrap is great. The prices are pretty fair. The service was good. The prime rib sandwich was good. The salad was a good price and the good side. It's nice it's right to the casino. This is my second time here and I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Just a few blocks away from the strip and a whole lot cheaper! We came here to have breakfast with my mom. It had great reviews and close to her place. I wouldn't say that this place was out of the world but it hit the spot and was on budget. Our table was full of plates of food. The hot cocoa and pancakes tasted great. Waiter was efficient but didn't come around all too often. Lots of locals which is always nice to get away from tourist. Parking lot is fairly empty late morning and just a short walk to Marilyn's when in the casino.
4	First time I came here for $5 steak and eggs it was bomb. 2nd time it was good, but the first time was better. $5 steak and eggs though. Eggs, steak, buttery toast, hash browns, 67 sauce. Vegas: Drink, party, clubs...4 AM....Steak and eggs.
5	Stayed at the Tuscany and we walked to this cafe. We got to know about this "secret deal" on Yelp. Thank you thank youuuu!!! $4.99 for steak and eggs! It's not on the menu so we had to ask anyways JUST IN CASE! lol. Yes, it's LEGIT! Special price after midnight to 5am. The steak is thin, tender, tasty and just right. Had a couple OPTIONS for bread!! As if it's not cheap enough. I had the RYE and husband went for wheat. Medium done. Came with shredded hash browns. I ordered hot chocolate as well.  Overall a great place for cheap and good supper!
4	Great food and very fast!  Service was great and prices are very fair!  They are open 24 hours.  Jesus was our server and he was very prompt and had great recommendations, too.  They have Alaskan Amber on draft, too!!
3	$5 steak and eggs starting at midnight!we got into vegas a little after 10pm and before we went too far along into the night of drinks, gambling, and more drinks, we wanted to grab some food. there weren't too many places that were nearby and open late serving decent food, but going to Marilyn's at the Tuscany was a unanimous choice given their steak and eggs special that we ordered right as we got in (which as luck would have it, was right at midnight).ice tea, medium-well steak, and eggs over-medium, and sourdough toast for $5 and i'm a happy man, ready to burn the midnight oil on our first evening in Sin City.the service was quick, which i'd imagine is either because a february Vegas trip isn't as crazy and packed as one in the summer, and/or the fact we got there right at 12. the other times when i've decided to stop at Marilyn's at the Tuscany for steak and eggs have been when it was closer to 3am, after a long night out cruising the strip or checking out one of the clubs and the waits (for our parties of 10+) have always been closer to an hour.satisfying meal for the price. plus you can hit the $5 blackjack tables at the casino when you're done.-civilities.
4	Looked up a place to have a good and inexpensive dinner, when we found this place on yelp we decided to try it out. Located in the quaint, friendly and clean Tuscany Suites Casino it is truly a great place to enjoy some very good food, quaint and homely atmosphere. We were sat at our table very quickly, our waiters were very friendly and provided the specials of the day. Our food came out rather quickly and we were very happy with our choices. We had dinner and came back for breakfast the next morning. We enjoyed our food very much and will definitely be going back again.
5	This place is by far one of my favorite places for daily late night happy hour specials on their food. They have a deal for endless pancakes for about $3 , a monster cheeseburger with fries for about $5 and my one and only regular order that I always get is the steak and eggs special for around $5. Other casinos that offer special cheap deals like this that I tried I was very disappointed overall with quality of the food and service and atmosphere but here at Marilyn's cafe you get great food made the way you ordered correctly. Very friendly and attentive servers and clean atmosphere.
4	Definitely a fan.The food was above average for an excellent price.I was confused on where it was, but it is in the casino/resort.Go to the back......... park..... enter and eat.
4	Ate here several times while staying at the Tuscany.  It's inside the casino.  Great specials every day and great inexpensive breakfasts.  Was able to fill up and get out quickly.  Highly recommended for standard diner fare.
3	Any time I can get steak and eggs for under $10 and the place doesn't make me worried I am going to acquire a food borne illness, I count myself a winner. That's what I got at Tuscany. Good and cheap food, friendly and quick service. Can't really bring myself to give more stars since nothing is all that impressive. It's just pretty much what you would expect and hope for given the price. I would certainly recommend the 10 minute walk off the strip for a bite to eat here if you are on a budget and want decent food at reasonable prices.
3	Our service was generally good. Despite the ravings here, I would say it's just OK. The food was adequate but certainly not "made with love" as my partner put it who came for their steak and eggs. The plates are huge which was literally awkward when they put one slice of French toast on it next to your eggs. We asked for no toast but it still was on the plate but once removed the spinach omelette look sad & small. The prices were inexpensive for Vegas but it's an example of getting what you paid for.
4	This place was great for being open at 1 o'clock in the morning and for the value of the food. We had the eggs and steak and hashbrowns for five dollars which is a fantastic deal. We did have a trouble ordering a beer for some reason it confused the staff. We waited quite a while for the food but we had no complaints given it was so late and we were so hungry. The value and the atmosphere were good. One thing I would not recommend if you are sensitive to smoke - there was a lot of cigarette smokers inside the casino. Food quality was really only 3.5 stars.
1	Just terrible, even for a 24 hour cafe.  I came here because, well, just LOOK at these other reviews.  This place looks great, right?  Fellow yelpers, how could you fail me so miserably?!I made a special trip.  Not there to gamble, just to have breakfast.  I've had better food at nursing homes.The eggs Benedict was unrecognizable as such.  Is that megaplex nacho cheese?   I didn't even want to try it because it looked so hideous.  Like congealed latex.And the eggs were not even remotely poached.  More like hard boiled into some thing beyond a solid.  As in, like maybe something one would find on the surface Jupiter.  And the grits?  Well, I guess I should know better than to order grits in Las Vegas, but   these were somehow both watery and grainy at the same time.  I kept looking for the hidden camera, because surely I was being punked.Top it off with a bloody mary that was basically clamato juice and (a half shot?) vodka with a touch of tabasco.  ie. about the most uninspired version of a bloody mary I've ever had the displeasure of drinking.  I rarely send back food and then not give them the opportunity to try again.  But this place was clearly beyond all redemption.
1	I can only imagine that most of the 4-5 star reviews here were written by drunken-late-night vacationers staying at the Tuscany.  We had a poorly prepared breakfast with weak coffee and limited service - cannot recommend.
2	The atmosphere here was really dreary and depressing. Most of the staff looked absolutely miserable. Our waitress was inattentive and had to be reminded to bring us part of our meal. Seemed like she was drunk, too, but who knows. The drinks that we ordered were on the weak side. Everything took a long time. The food came out hot and was good, and the prices are fair. I want to give them 3 stars because the food was good, but I feel that 3 stars implies that I might return here. Wouldn't go back.
2	Convenient if you stay at the Tuscany Hotel, otherwise, you can find so much better. We had dinner there, then breakfast. Dinner : we ordered pizzas, and i'm pretty sure mine was bought at Walmart and defrosted. Breakfast : not very good, and I suspect it made me sick.
4	Good menu selections and open 24 hours. Always has a nice breakfast. The servers are very friendly and attentive. We were even staying at a differentnt hotel (only because of availability) and came back here to eat each day. We like the players club discount for over 50 of 20%. We will be back!
4	Another one of Vegas' hidden gems. This one is off the Strip inside the Tuscany Suites and Casino on East Flamingo Rd. It's just located around the corner from Ellis Island Hotel & Casino, another gem of a place for good and bargain eats. Marilyn's Cafe is open for 24 hours and they have a daily special from 4PM - 10PM ranging in price from $7.99 to $18.99. Check out their menu here: http://www.tuscanylv.com/d/tuscany/media/PDF/marilyn_menu/marilynmenu.pdfHowever...there's another special menu from midnight to 5AM. Yes, the special and staple that's ubiquitous of Vegas - The Steak & Eggs. How much? $4.99That's more than a bargain; that's a Willie Mays steal of 2nd base without a throw from the Catcher kind of steal. You get an 8 oz. of juicy, delicious steak and eggs cooked to order. These steaks ain't the cheap kind they serve in Reno for the same price. It's a good-sized piece of steak that's tender, meaty and flavorful. Don't expect a cheap steak for a cheap price, but it was pretty decent quality for the right price. They also have an All-You-Can-Eat pancake for $3.99 for their midnight special. I'd have to say that's a lot of carbs for me, but it's there should you get the munchies. And I have to add that service was impeccable. I forgot our server's name, but he was a nice gentleman that was well seasoned. By that I mean experience and class. Servers from other fine-dining establishments could learn a thing or two from him. He made us feel at home, comfortable and relaxed. So the next time your in Vegas and hungry and starvin' like a broke-ass college student, don't run to the border or any closest fast food joint on every corner. Get some quality instead and your stomach and wallet will thank me for it.
1	I went to Tuscany on Flamingo Rd the restaurant there Marilyn's served us cold food. Under my steak was a short black hair. Right away less than 10 mins after getting our food I told the front cashier since our server was no where in sight after waiting 10 mins more she came to our table. I showed her the hair and she did not apologize but asked if I wanted something else (obviously I said no) and she walked away. Me and my friend sat there for 15 mins and decided to just leave. We walked outside and security came after us. I explained what happen and they said I had to speak with the manager. When we asked if the manager could come outside so it wouldn't cause us an embarrassing scene they threaten to call the police repeatedly. We went back inside. The manager was not waiting for us. It was the waitress with our check telling me that we walked out on our bill and I put my own hair into my food.  I told her my plate was barely touched. My hair is very long and black and my friends hair is very curly long and brown. The hair is pretty short, it was found under my steak and it had the root on it. This is why I was sure it was not my own hair. After accusing me the waitress walked away and I had to ASK a manager be called. I ASKED the cashier to call the police since my food was tampered with but he stated they could not call the police we would have to (after we were threaten several times that they would call on us). The manager arrived and wasn't told that a hair was in my food or that I notified two people before we left. He had to go find the waitress and confirm that information. He returned and told me no one in the back has long hair. At that point I asked him to look at the plate with the hair on it. He immediately looked at the hair and the food that was completely untouched and apologized and told us the bill is covered. We demanded security stop following us. It was a horrible experience. The customer service was terrible. If they sent security after us then a manager should have been notified, if a guest complains a hair is in the food a manager should be notified. I should not have been left at a table for 15 mins with no indication that the waitress would return nor resolution. It is poor customer service. Disrespectful to patrons. I will NEVER go to this place again. I will let everyone I know travelling to Vegas this year not to go here.
5	Good food. Good value. Good service. Enough said :) The only downfall is that it's not close to home...
3	Listen well: I come here with this expectation that any regular, run of the mill breakfast place--no matter where you go--..."breakfast food is always horrible when it's not gourmet". Some of you should write that down ;P But, not everyone can just sit down and afford $20 breakfasts at the top notch places. Some of us just want steak and eggs and don't want to spend a ton of money (me)! And some of us are drunk and hungry and need a 24/7 breakfast place (sometimes me)!!!That being said, Marilyn's Cafe is not that bad. It's on par with IHOP and Blueberry Hill in terms of food. And let's face it--every cheap breakfast place you've stopped at is probably horrifyingly average.AMBIANCE: 3 - The Cafe, or at least the inside seemed out of place. The Tuscany looks like a classy casino, until you step into the cafe, where it seems a bit worn down and old. However, it was very spacious inside and they try to sit everyone at booths since not a ton of people come visit them! SERVICE: 4 - Our waiter was really friendly and fast at servicing us. Our food came out quick--I know, how can it not?! It's steak and eggs!--and they left us alone for the most part except to refill drinks. FOOD: 3 - Word to the wise: Alert! Alert! BYOW. Bring Your Own Water. The water I had was nasty. I would strongly suggest some bottled water, or maybe you could get a soda! My steak and hash browns  were okay, as long as I had it with steak sauce! Don't get me wrong, the steak was big and juicy, there was just something off with the taste.  The eggs were good! I usually order either scrambled or over easy with cheese. Fun Facts: Their jelly that goes with their Toast is Heinz jelly instead of Smuckers! It's way, way better. Times were fun, MC. It's a win when you're on a budget! If I go again, I might just taste their pancakes because it's so cheap!
4	A little better than you would expect for the cost. Breakfast 24/7. Think GOOD greasy spoon!!!
2	It's a very basic 24/7 restaurant. Not worthy of 4 stars. Nothing spectacular about it and just decent grub when you need it. Not worth the trip unless you are staying here.
4	Honestly, I've only eaten at Marilyn's on several occasions-- and each encounter was between the late (or early) hours of midnight- 4am. They are known for their late night steak and eggs special... for the very low price of $4.99! For $4.99 you get an order of steak, eggs, hash browns and toast. Portions are not huge, though satisfying-- option for a double order steak and eggs available for about $10. The late night steak and eggs special is not on the menu, but very much so available. Their thick, creamy clam chowder is also tasty and very filling! Despite being open 24 hours and numerous drunken encounters throughout the night, all of the employees here are wonderful! In addition to this, if you are sober enough to drive yourself here (don't drink and drive!), Marilyn's parking is easy peasy-- located right outside the Casino. No complicated parking structure to venture through. Marilyn's is perfect for late night, cheap eats.
5	The fried chicken is to die for.  Four pieces with the greatest, crispiest skin in the world.  I'm thinking buttermilk dipped.   I thought the Rio Buffet had the best fried chicken, but Marilyn's may be the best.  Menu is huge, like Cheese Cake Factory.  So many options, there is something for everyone.  French fries are fabulous.  Mac n cheese side is super good.  Mashed potatoes are awesome.  I try something new every time I go.It's inexpensive and you can use your points from the casino if you want.  If your looking for a champagne brunch and buffet, hit the Bacchanal Buffet Casesars, as Marilyn's isn't it and it's not supposed to be.  24 hours inside Tuscany Casino on Flamingo, east of Las VEgas Blvd.  ***Park in the back of casino if you want direct access to the restaurant.
3	Marilyn's Cafe is located inside of the Tuscany Suites and Casino.  Just off the casino floor, it's a fairly open restaurant and is very convenient for those who happen to be inside Tuscany.  We came here for a cheap dinner before heading out to the strip.  I had the spaghetti with meatballs for a reasonable $7.  It's cheap and affordable and the portions are average sized, but reasonable.  My friends enjoyed their dishes as well and we all finished our meals and ended up with empty plates.  The service was pretty slow, and even slower when you realized that the cafe was not quite filled up at all.  However, we couldn't deny the deal we were getting.  Pro Tip: Apparently there's a deal for $3 steak and eggs early in the morning (3 am to 7 am).
2	We decided on this place because they had 4 out of 5 stars! What we experienced was a 2 star restaurant at most. Very slow service with no one really in the restaurant. Food took a long time to come out, silverware had food stuck on them, soup & salad came out wrong. The only good part was the homemade potato chips were good.
2	I was recommended to this place for some cheap food by my friend. I think he comes here when he's drunk/hungover. I was too sober for this. Our entire table got the steak eggs for $5.99 at around 12am when we had just arrived in Vegas. My dining experience was pretty much ruined by weirdos and loud skanky girls.
3	What a HUGE menu, and this place is open 24 hours! Everything on the menu is a steal, the prices are so good. I've been here a couple of times, its no 5-star dining experience, but its the most bang for your buck around.I was in a party of 4 and we seated at a very small table, we asked to be moved to a different table. Apparently our new table was in a different waiters zone, but out old waiter (who had not given us anything other than the menus) decided to keep serving us. Both waiters kept repeating the other by asking for our drink orders in succession, each unaware of the other. Once they found out there was a slight verbal disagreement as to who would actually serve us. Made for a bit of an awkward experience for us. Our original server, probably not used to serving this table, neglected us a lot, and we found ourselves asking the server for this area for assistance quite often. Our food took tremendously long, almost 30 minutes to come out, and this was at 1pm....I would come back again for the menu, hopefully service will be better organized next time.
3	A great place for early morning steak and eggs. $4.99 from 1am to 5am, $8.99 till 11am. Servers were fast and efficient, but very busy most of the time so you'd need to catch their attention. Cafe's furnishings are dated but in the middle of the night, you'd wouldn't really care. Menu is huge, i've yet to try anything else. Came here twice in a week to have their steak and eggs. Well cooked steak (medium), sunny side up eggs with potato hash. Will be trying the all-you-can-eat crab legs for $19 tonight. (only on Fridays for dinner).
5	$5.99 steak and eggs from 1am to 5am, though it doesn't seem to be advertised anywhere. We came as a party of five at around 1am and were seated immediately. Service was attentive. They were always checking up on us and refilling our waters.Steak and eggs are cooked to your liking. You also get a choice of toast, as well as hash browns. Extremely filling! Fantastic portions for the price! I would actually recommend sharing if you aren't famished.This place may be a bit hard to locate. It is in the 1pm direction of the casino. Definitely worth hitting up when you're in town! Also, no split checks allowed so have cash or venmo ready if you're coming in a big group!
1	This place and the management are a joke. I argued with the staff for a good 15 mins about having French toast. Asked to speak to a manager and was refused. Instead the manager sits and stuffs his face while he tells the server to go tell me he's unavailable.  The strangest part about it all is I even offered to pay the difference from the start of the whole argument.  No mater what I had to take the meal the way it was served on the menu.
5	My friends and I walked here from the strip and it took us about 20 minutes following the GPS on our phones. At 1AM in the morning, the walk felt pretty shady. But we made it safely!After wandering into the Tuscany hotel and casino, we were directed to Marilyn's Cafe. As a group of 5, my friends and I were seated nearly immediately. Once our waiter came around to take our order, he automatically asked if all wanted the steak and eggs. Assumption correct!At $5.99, the steak and eggs were such a steal! Steak and eggs were both cooked according to personal preferences and they even include toast plus hashbrowns.Not sure if it was just the late night hunger talking or what, but the steak was delicious! Best $5.99 I spent in Vegas! I'd definitely recommend coming here!
4	We had the French Toast special for breakfast on July 9, 2014.  Two big pieces of French Toast, two eggs cooked to order, bacon, and sausage for $5.99.  Great deal.  I wish we had found them sooner in our trip.  I would have liked to try more of their food.
2	Horrid service!! Food was decent. The waitress was quadruple sat and forgot an order. Sigh.
5	Honestly this place is my new favorite place to eat! They have so many GREAT deals going on at all times of the day! One awesome specials is the $5.49 1/2 lb. Monster Burger served WITH fries. This offer is 24/7!!! The only catch is you have to fine in to get the deals (a small price to pay if you ask me). The quality of the burger was really good. The price does not mean lower quality. We spoke to the manager before we left, despite how busy he clearly was he stopped to have a full conversation with us. He was incredibly kind and professional. At the start of our visit we had to wait a 5-10 minutes before we were seated, but we were constantly acknowledged. They were very apologetic about the wait and it made the wait totally worth it. I am so pleased with out overall experience in the cafe.
4	Good off of the strip breakfast eatery. Good portions and size for basic breakfast. The service is decent but hey, it's inside the Tuscany. I can't expect big time stuff from this 24hour cafe. I ordered the French toast with eggs, hash browns and cheesy grits for all under $11. You can't really mess up basic breakfast so if a place does, then it really must not be good. French toast portion was 3 huge Texas toasts and they were fluffy, comes with the standard powders sugar and butter. My eggs were scrambled well and my hash browns had decent seasoning and golden brown. The grits were cooked well and had good texture to it. They put grated cheese on top just the way I like it. It could've used more salt, but hey that's preference. Good cheap breakfast right off the strip close to flamingo and koval.
5	Amazing Breakfast, eggs were perfectly cooked, hash browns were delicious, and the French toast was amazing, crispy on the outside and soft in the inside. Yummy!!!
1	I ate here 3 times on a recent trip to Vegas. Had I not been staying at the Tuscany, I would have never gone back after the first trip.Twice I went for breakfast. I will say the hash browns were good, but that is the only thing that was good. They use a disgusting version of cheddar cheese that tasted like powder and was almost not edible. The pancakes were obviously sitting in the heat lamp too long and the top of the top pancake was hard as a rock (and the plate was extremely hot which is usually a sign of heat lamp exposure).The third time we went for dinner. I was between the chicken fried steak, the chicken cordon blue and the ribs. The waiter told me not to get the chicken fried steak (never a good sign when the waiter tells you not to eat something), and another guest told me not to have the chicken cordon blue. So by process of elimination I was stuck with the ribs which were also bad.The ribs came with two sides. I chose the mashed potatoes which were okay but the mac and cheese was absolutely horrible. Probably because they use the same cheese as I had on my eggs at breakfast. Guess I should have anticipated that. Another person at my table also had the mac and cheese and also hated it.The service was okay for a coffee shop, but overall, this place is crap. I will never go back.
1	first our food was 45 minutes late, the server saida was great. They told us we could split our checks for a party of 7. We got up to the front counter in front of all of the other people, was told by a manager that they were not going to split our checks and embarrassed us. We had to come up with cash money, our server did not get ila tip, and they told us they were going to write her up. I have gone to this place multiple times and it was wonderful, but this was hands down the worst experience ever!. We actually went and talked to management ).   the manager on duty,  Her name was Dana.... She should be fired.
1	I would give this place no stars if able. But I have to give it one star. The service was slow. They would NOT split our checks and there were only 7 of us. It caused lot's of confusion at the check out register.  Our server was Saida. She was working her butt off for all of her tables.  At the register the manager on duty Dana was rude, unwilling to accommodate our party. It was very busy and it took 45 minutes to get our food. Which was not good at all. It was crap all around. My son ordered a vanilla milkshake that was 2 scoops of ice cream and milk not blended.  We called it a vanilla milk float. I will never eat at this cafe again and The Tuscany Suites & Casino will never get a dime of ours again.
1	This place was such a horrific experience that it inspired me to write a review and to actually join Yelp just to try to have some say in helping others know to stay away from this obvious 13th level of Dante's inferno.  This is where all the bad people who do really, really horrible things are forced to go after they die.  Trust me.  As a person with 26 years of management experience in all manner of retail and restaurant, I can tell you that this place is falling apart and has lost its bearings at ALL levels.  The food comes out cold and with the attitude of "I have been under a heat lamp for 7 hours, dear God please help me!"  I have been here once and already know that their mantra is "we can't do that, sorry we can't do that, sorry you can't do that No NO NO."  This is the complete opposite of customer service.  Want some specifics?  Okay:  Breakfast for Dinner?  Eggs cold and mixed with what appears to be Rico's Nacho Cheese from a 1985 General Cinema theatre.  Sausage out so long it has a hard outer shell like an armadillo.  Vanilla Milkshake that has all the right ingredients - milk, ice cream - but they aren't mixed up right, so you basically have 2 balls of ice cream floating in milk.  Nice try to deconstruct that dish my friends!  Pancakes were ok.  Hashbrowns were ok - ketchup can cover up all manner of sin.  My son ordered that awesome "milk float" and it took over an hour to finally get the thing.  He said, "Dad it doesn't taste good, but I am SO thirsty!" and promptly drank it.  I tried it.  Yep, ice cream in milk without being mixed.  We saw our waitress whenever she wasn't helping the other three hundred guests.  The drink guy understood a few words.  He made it with the water a couple of times.  Then we asked for separate checks and the waitress told us we could pay separately at the counter.  Then we were told they don't do that.  That would be ten times were couldn't do something.  The customer is always wrong at Marilyn's.  After a long discussion and working our way up the chain of command the manager, the wonderfully non-delightful Dana gave up arguing with us and told us flatly "we will not separate your checks, just pay."  I gotta tell you, I've never been arrested for a thing, but I really did want to just walk away without paying.  I wouldn't even use my card because I don't trust this place enough to give them any information.  And that is ok, because they will never be getting another penny from me.  The casino either.  Oh, and did I mention I have some pull, some blogs and some juice here in the Valley?  Yeah, word of mouth is gonna grip tight on this one.  I guarantee it.  Go at your peril dear friends.  Better yet, get better service and some decent breakfast food just up the Strip . . . at Denny's.
4	Wow, I'm speechless at the fact that they serve Steak and Eggs for so cheap! I paid about less than $5. I definitely would suggest to anyone to come here if you're in Vegas drunk and craving steak and eggs. The service here was good. Nothing to complain about really, but the fact that the table smelled pretty bad when we got seated. I don't know what they use to wipe down the tables and or if it's their table cloth they use. It smelled really bad. It didn't take long at all to get seated for my group party of 11. Also it didn't take long for the food to come. The server didn't give us a hard time at all. There was more food that sounded delicious on the menu, but steak and egg did me good and was very satisfying.But like I said, if you're ever in the mood for steak and egg definitely come by and check this restaurant out.
4	Huge portions!! Opens 24/7!It was getting late, we were tired, hungry, and just wanted something to eat. Thank goodness for the night life in Vegas where restaurants closes late or doesn't close at all. I know many reviewers stated they enjoyed their cheap steak and eggs, but we were neither late enough or early enough for that. So this review is for regular dining.There is a special every day listed on their board in the front and their website. It was Wednesday, so their special was 4oz of lobster tail with 6 oz of steak and two side items. Chicken Parmesan $10.49- My younger cousins both loved it. They each had their own order. No side items but had two slices of garlic bread. They were full from the pasta that the bread was not consumed.All included two side items.10oz Prime Rib $13.49-Not bad! I got a coleslaw and hash brown. It came with dipping sauce. Not a bad price at all!Turkey dinner $8.99- It didn't look appealing to me when I read the description and it wasn't good. The turkey slices were tough.12oz steak-Dad chose medium rare, didn't try it, but he said it was good.TIP: Open a membership card to receive their discount booklet. Since 4 of us were able to open a card, we took advantage and did just that. It had a 10% discount of an entree at this cafe (not including specials). No limit per a table.Good service and food. 18% gratuity was included for our party of 6.Will be back! I want to try their inexpensive steak and eggs!
4	Three words: STEAK AND EGGS. Probably one of my favorite places to fulfill drunchies, or breakfast fill after a long night out in Vegas. From what I can remember, the prices are quite decent, if you're here before 4 am, I think you can get your steak and eggs for about 5 bucks? Don't count me on that quote, but for sure VERY CHEAP regardless. The place is located in the Tuscany Suites & Casino, and seems to always be busy when I'm here. Menu has a lot of different options, but I come here for the steak and eggs deal for breakfast. With an affordable price, well cooked steaks, eggs and hash browns with toast on the side, definitely a great breakfast for anyone. They do have other breakfast options to fulfill your cravings, and great daily specials for affordable prices as well. You will definitely find something that suits you. I always enjoy my food when I come here. I will say that the wait for your food can be a little while, but I tend to not notice when I'm around really good company. Just keep that in mind if you're not the type to wait for a while when hungry! Will definitely be back again!
4	Fairly good pancakes, especially for all you can eat at $3.99.The French toast was also good as well as the eggs, hash browns, and toast. It's nothing to write home about.Our waitress was really nice and attentive. She even had a great personality and was funny. She made it a better experience than it would have been otherwise (+1 star).The music and sound of the nearby casino is the major downfall. It's in the "Tuscany" and they have pop music on. If that odd mix of genre isn't enough, there is a slot machine that plays western ompa polka music about every 30 seconds and it's louder than the pop music.Overall it's a good cheap breakfast.
3	so this place has a special from 12 AM to 6AM they have have a $5.00 steak and egg , with toast!Amazing deal right ?!yes & no. The service here is terrible, slow, and unfriendly.  I literally had to flag down a waiter, then he gave me the wait finger,  finally took my order and didn't even put it in , he was straight up just rude. I know it's 1 AM but if it's part of your specialty have some integrity and don't make the place miserable
3	Sloooow service. Definitely not coming back here since it's not worth it. If you want to have a late night meal go to Tacos el gordo, it's definitely worth it and very affordable. When we got here I can already see they were busy and understaffed. Took 10 minutes for someone to come up to us and greet us, by then we were already set on the steak and egg deal that I thought was $4.99. Steak and eggs was nothing  extraordinary, Norms is much better than what I was served. They over buttered my English muffins to the point where I scraped a few good chunks off. The steak was asked for medium rare and was over cooked to well. It was decent but nothing to get excited over. Had to use hot sauce and salt for more flavor. I ordered my eggs over medium since I love it runny and that was surprisingly cooked perfectly. I like combining it with the steak or hash brown, it helps give different texture. Eventually we finished our meal but service was no where to be found for a refill of water. I just grabbed my sister's water and finished it. Eventually we flagged our waiter to get the check and paid our way.
4	All you can eat snow crab legs for $20 on friday night from 4-10.  Awesome!  Service was fast, snow crab was hot and delicious, plates were refilled promptly.  One of the best meals i've had in Vegas for sure!  Don't get the mac and cheese as a side, though.  It was nasty.  Cauliflower was delicious.
5	3 words. STEAK & EGGS!!Have a night of clubbing at XS this was the joint to go to with my group of friends. At 3am the place was not as packed, which was good and the food was delicious. 5-6 dollar steak and eggs, who can let that go?The steak was nicely seasoned and huge!! I couldn't even finish my meal. Maybe because I was exhausted from the night, but this is the go to spot for a night on the strip.
1	Horrible!! Run! The manager is (I'm sorry to say) a fucking idiot! When I complained about my food he said to our waiter "please take the coffee off their bill please" ha what a joke! Never again! Yuck! Everything is frozen and microwaved!!!
3	Came in for AYCE CRABLEGS only to find out they ran out of crab legs. I just don't know anyone could offer AYCE and run out of your deal? I think it's extremely inconvenient for any customer to wait in line for about 30 minutes only to find out that they stopped serving what you came in for. Although the manager did apologize for the inconvenience it was a let down. Still a great place to go well worth it.
2	Decided to eat here before heading back to Long Beach based on the 4 star review on Yelp. I honestly can not figure out how this got an overall rating of 4 stars. My wife ordered a T-Bone breakfast and I ordered a New York Strip breakfast. We both ordered the steaks medium-well but my wife's steak came out rare and my was overcooked and tough as leather. The eggs, hash browns, and toast were average noting spectacular on par with a Denny's or Norms. The service was ok, it took awhile for us to receive our check. I really hate that my first review was a negative one, but I really don't want anyone to see the 4 star rating and think it's a great place because unfortunately it is just below average.
4	I'm a Fan!! The first morning that we were in LV, we came in for Breakfast. I had the 8oz steak and sunnyside Eggs with hashbrowns. It was DELICIOUS!! The service was friendly, and quick. We came on Friday 8/15 for the AYCE Crab Legs. The wait was about 30-45 minutes (which was not a problem being a Friday night in Vegas), and there is so much commotion and noise (OH, but SO worth it for $19.99). **** Can I suggest a quick weekly STAFF MEETING to organize the chaos to be expected on a Friday night AYCE Crab legs meal??  It really was sheer chaos. We had several different waiters take our order, bring our order, refill our cups, etc.. I was confused on who the hell to tip @ the end of the night so We ended up leaving the $$ on the table, and let them fend for themselves.  Upon my next return to LV, I will be visiting Marilyn's again
4	Marilyn's cafe offers a small diner feel but in the big city. Pancakes are excellent. 8.99 for pancakes , bacon and eggs. Love this place. Easy to get to from the strip. Highly recommended.
2	I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 because our waitress was nice, but the management was horrible. I went for the all-you-can-eat crab on Friday with my coworkers and I'd have to say DON'T EVER GO WITH A GROUP FOR ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT CRABS. They don't split checks. There were 10 of us and the bill came to about $300. Once we went to the counter to pay, there was a sign that said they don't split checks. This sign was so hard to see considering how packed it was and people were almost always standing in front of it. We asked for the manager since we all had debit/credit cards to pay with. The manager first said that "the system" won't let them split checks on Fridays but any other day it will. We explained to him that were unable to pay unless it was separate. He, then, said he could split the check in two for us and told us to use the atm. This still was not going to work as none of us with credit cards were going to get a cash advance for this. He sighed and mumbled something under his breath with attitude and said he'll split the check in three for us. Since we still couldn't do this the waitress stepped in and said she would void the check and then separate it. The manager told her that the voided check would still come out of her taxes and she said it was ok. So this manager said fine and stormed off. We were there for about an hour just to pay for our check. I can't believe this place is getting business with such horrible management but I know I'm not going back again.
4	Steak and Eggs! Steak and Eggs! Steak and Eggs!Definitely get the steak and eggs. They are bomb and so affordable. You cant get this good of a deal anywhere else on the strip. The sourdough bread was also bomb. I enjoyed everything about my sober late night foodie escapade. The only thing that might be discouraging is the walk to the restaurant. It's a little ways off from the strip, but it's for sure in walking distance.
3	4 stars for the menu variety, food quality and value2 stars for the serviceDon't eat here unless you have lots of time to killServer just disappeared on us....like 20 minutesOther than that, she was nice, just ghostlyOnce she came back, I had my credit card in hand, and have it to her.....she came back with the bill?  C'mon....I've got things to do!
4	Pretty good and super cheap! I had a breakfast that consisted of eggs bacon sausage pancakes toast ham and it only cost $9. They have steak n eggs for $5 as a special. Off the strip with easy parking.
5	The best breakfast we had while visiting Las Vegas. The hash browns were AMAZING. The meat lovers breakfast was also AMAZING. We are there twice in one week.
4	Hailing from the land of the San Gabriel Valley, aka The SGV, where late night cafes were O'plenty... There is place know as ABC Cafe which WAS formerly home to the only $5.99 Steak and Eggs I have known to be in existence... And then they raised their price to $8.99 Which is ludicrous because you know that steak served with frozen veggies and fake instant mashed potatoes ain't worth that damn price... Until LDW '14 my world was about the change.I've heard many stories of "The Steak and Eggs of Tuscany Suites"... And finally got to experience th for myself this Labor Day Weekend! After night at the nightclub, this was the brightest of ideas to pop into our semi-sober minds! To my astonishment the fabled Steak and Eggs were located at Marilyn's Cafe inside of Tuscany Suites! Stayed there on several occasions and in retrospect, am ashamed I did not take advantage of this when staying only minutes walk from where we stayed.We were seated immediately and got straight to business! Majority of us went straight for the meal of stories while others went for the Spaghetti and Meatballs which was advertised on the board when walking in. Once the meals were out and it was finally right before my eyes, I was in amazement of the quality cut of beef they used. Cooked medium rare, just the way I liked it. This was hands down wayyyy under priced! Quality was way better than any steak you would get at any Denny's or Applebee's for 1/2 the price. Me being a good friend... I would recommend this to anyone looking for a quality late night meal! Oh and don't bother trying anything else... That good. The spaghetti and meatballs aren't anything worth mentioning... But until next time! When the 250 miles are no longer between me and my tastebuds. My wallet will miss you in the meantime.
4	Yummy brunch location with very decent prices. We just got the basic breakfast with coffee and French toast with cornbeef hash and an egg. The service was fast and food was tasty, I love brunch.
5	== Review is just for the Steak & Eggs ==Everytime i hit up sin city I have to have Steak & Eggs. Love Love Love em!!!By far of all the spots I've tried close to the strip, Marilyn's Cafe is by far the best (aside from Mr. Lucky's 24-7) in terms of cost & quality. It's nothing super duper special but a great place to get your fix. Very friendly servers. Service is pretty on spot here except one time they were super super slow and the restaurant was 3/4 empty. By not means is this an upscale, fancy cafe. There is no modern decor nor an ambiance. Just a simple, old-school cafe & serves yummy bfast. There are various tables & booth seatings.:: FOOD ::STEAK & EGGS BFAST SPEICAL    (5/5) - Price of $8.99 (6AM -11AM Daily) - 6oz tender NY Strip - 2 eggs any style - Hasbrowns, Toast or 2 PancakesOJ    (2.5/5) - not fresh squeezed, taste wise mehhhh.... wouldn't order again.COFFEE   (3/5) - very light roasted taste, sorta does the work just to get the morning going
1	Friends of mine have been here and said the food was really good so I thought i'd try it. Totally wished I didn't. I ordered the Frisco sandwich. It came looking shabby and thrown together. The worst part was the beef patty that tasted very gamey and not very fresh. I sent it back and ordered a basic two egg breakfast. The best part of that was the toast! Hash browns looked freezer burned, the eggs were runny and the bacon was cremated. There's no way i'll go back :(
3	I've heard this place has steak and eggs that are to die for.. um not so much. Food was ok. Service lacked. Experience wasnt horrible but it was great either.
4	The food is great , ordered the chicken fried stake , I cleaned my plate ! it takes some time but it's worth it and the desert was amazing.
4	This is a late review, but this was a memorable spot from my weekend in Vegas some months ago.They have this late night special where they have steak, hashbrowns, eggs, and toast for $5!  The girls and I did this two nights in a row, and if the weekend was longer we probably would have been back again.  I have never had any of the other food, but I've heard that it's also decent.  Next time you're leaving a club/party with drunchies (drunk munchies), come here for an affordable and filling meal.
4	While some Vegas hotel-casinos are known for their grandiose buffets, others are more known for their cheap, late-night steak & eggs specials. Marilyn's is an unassuming diner found within the Tuscany casino. Open 24 hours a day, this special only runs midnight to 6:00 am and is off menu. Looking back at reviews from a few years ago, the price of the steak & eggs special has been steadily increasing by about a dollar a year. It was $3.99 back in 2011-12, $4.99 in 2013, and now currently $5.99. Still, it's a cheap deal for a 6 oz. NY strip (see what they did there?), 2 eggs any style, hash browns, and toast (wheat, rye, or sourdough). Don't expect too much because the steak isn't like Lawry's across the street, but it'll do for late-night eats. The best tip I can offer is to order the steak one level rarer than what you usually get. I once received a well-done steak after ordering a medium-rare. My rare order last night came out a decent medium-rare.
4	We stopped by for brunch on a Sunday around 11am. It was busy, but we still got a table right away. It's a pretty typical diner/cafe inside of a casino, but Marilyn's is a good deal. There are many specials on the boards at the entrance.The service was friendly and quick. The decor isn't super duper, but it's comfortable. What we're really there for is good cheap eats and that's what we got.We both got the French Toast Complete special. Food is definitely tasty enough and really good for the price.If you give Marilyn's a try, you'll be satisfied with the food and happy about how much you spent for it.
5	Great place!  I found this gem on my Las Vegas trip.  I needed a place that gave me a specific Vegan diet and that is exactly what I received!  The staff was so friendly and the conservation was something I will surely cherish.  Thank you so much for running to the store for me and thank you for the free coffee!   There was one con...no beans...but it was made up for!!!
5	open 24 hours, the have a great selection of food, and the servers were all so nice, They have a burger and drys special for $5.99 its WAY WORTH IT.
5	This place is a hidden gem!! I'm preggo and stuck in Vegas for 5 days working. This equals ZERO for me to do or look forward too. A couple days ago I started craving a Mouth watering grilled steak. I ordered one from my hotels room service.... I almost cried. Such a waste of $40. If you've been or are pregnant, you know that craving will NOT go away until that spot is hit perfectly. tonight I decided to walk next door and give their cafe a go after hearing the food was decent. To my surprise- it was amazingly more then I would have ever expected for $14. Perfectly cooked meal, extremely friendly staff (thank you Rueben!) and desert decedent enough for the most lavish bakeries.    All in all. I highly recommend if in the area. More then worth the price and great staff. I'll be back for sure.
4	Service was excellent! Price is very affordable! I ordered the fetuccini Alfredo, and I gotta say, it's one of the tastiest I've tried! I would've gave this place 5 stars if the steaks my friends ordered wasn't so over cooked and dry. So I suggest if you want your steak medium-well, just get medium. If you want it medium, then get medium-rare, and so on..
4	STEAK AND EGGS.  The one thing you have to do in Vegas is get steak and eggs at like 3am.  We came on Friday night after XS.  Driving it isn't too far from the strip, about 5 minutes or so and plenty of parking.  It's located in the Tuscany hotel and casino.PARKING: Free, huge parking lot.ATMOSPHERE: Has that denny's/ihop feel to it but we got a big booth for 8 of us and were seated right away.FOOD: Coming at 2:30am they had the steak and eggs special.  I didn't see it on the menu but just ask for it and the waiter will get it for you.  I think it was $4.99 or $5.99 but either way very cheap.  Ask for it more rare than you normally order it because it is pretty thin and they tend to overcook the meat.  I got medium rare and it was only pink.  The platter comes with steak, 2 eggs, hash browns and 4 pieces of toast (you can choose).  I got the eggs over easy and they were runny but not gross.  I got sourdough toast, where they put the butter on it for you and it was SO GOOD.  The hash browns were tasty, not bland and hard but still hot and crispy.The steak was OK, as you can imagine for such a cheap price, but the flavoring wasn't bad.  It was just slightly tough.Overall, definitely a must for your trip to Vegas.
2	I think my expectations for this restaurant were a little to high.... for someone who was completely sober and hungry at 6:00a. I ordered 1 multi- grain pancake with fruit. I literally waited 25 minutes for 1 pancake. It was 100% tasteless. I even douzed it in syrup and butter to taste a little flavor... still nothing. Service friendly but definetly not efficient.
4	Steggs.That's pretty much all I need to say about this place (joking), but honestly though. Whenever I'm trying to sober up from a night of drinking, this place comes on top of the list next to two others. Besides the actually steak and eggs themselves, I love that this place is located near the Strip. It comes in handy when you've spend a long night drinking whether it be in a club or at a hotel party. The ONLY thing that keeps it from becoming a full 5 stars is the fact they have a certain time limit and day when parties aren't able to do split checks which kind of makes it inconvenient when you're sobering up and forgot to carry cash on you and your card limit has been completely maxed out due to heavy drinking.All in all, definitely a good sober up place.
2	This place would've been a 3-4 star but I gave this place a 2 instead because of how disappointed I was when I recently went there to get my morning breakfast.  As usual I was promptly sat down at a booth and was told the server will be with us shortly. However we sat there with the menu closed and fiddled with our thumbs for how ever long it was and no server came to even give us a glass of water let alone to take our order. It was not really busy and I also saw some staff hanging around the drink station and some attending to other tables.   I understand the restaurant is usually sectioned off but even the booth right behind us got their orders and 2 coffee refills  we opted to walk out and go somewhere else.  I use to go here every other day or so for breakfast and get the same group of servers but this time I didn't really recognize any of the staff.  I normally would recommend this place to other locals or people out of town for the good affordable price/food quality and great service near the strip. However because of this one experience I'm really contemplating when/if I should give it another try. Hit or miss service sucks.  As we all know having to leave a restaurant hungry is blasphemy for all foodies. I made sure to tell the people in the front that we are leaving because we are not getting served. The girl at the register apologized but it was not her fault but it should still be made note of.NOTE: If in the long run I do go back and it's everything to how I know this place to be then I would change the review, until then it will stay as is.
4	As of 11/1/2014: Friday Night is All You Can Eat Crab Legs.  $19.99The AYCE crab is great and the butter is served with a candle underneath it so it stays warm through out the meal.  This is not a buffet...they actually serve plates of crab to your table.  Friendly and attentive service.
5	Omg! So glad I found this place on yelp!! Delicious!!! Visited for breakfast on Sunday November 9, 2014. Best scrambled eggs with cheese!! Perfectly cooked, nice and moist. Pancakes were perfect, hash browns and sausage perfectly cooked! Server was a sweetheart too. Entire bill came out to 12 bucks!! Cheap and good!! Highly recommend!!! I'll be back!!
5	I was very impressed with this cafe. I expected food portions to be a small since it is Vegas. That is the opposite. The value here is great and the food quality is even better! I will no doubt be back again on my next visit.
3	Not bad but not great. Hostess was not friendly and the buffalo chicken was cold and not much spice to it.
3	Went here for a well priced steak and it delivered. I got the prime rib and it was cooked to perfection. The server was very nice and the prices were good. The atmosphere is a typical cafe, nothing fancy. If you get a players card you can get a 10% off coupon. The only reason I didn't give more stars was the sides weren't great. The green beans were over cooked to my liking and the baked potato could have been cooked longer. But the meat was good and that was most important to me.
2	I ate here twice.  The first time, I had a steak dinner, and found they forgot to season the meat, forgot to season the spinach, forgot to bring me any bread (I get just a little and look forward to it), and FORGOT I WAS THERE.Two days later, 20 people for breakfast, they were OK, but JUST OK.
4	Okay, this is definitely a hard place to avoid. I went back after 2 weeks since the 'no service' experience and sad face review. This time I made sure to request to be seated in my top choices of servers' area (I know them by name since I go there a lot). What I conclude is that  one time was a fluke but if it was my first experience I would've never gone back.  Anyway, all is good after I make the precaution of where to sit. Food: as great as usual so here's a general list of things that I have ordered before.Coffee: The most important thing during breakfast - awesome. I'm not sure where they get the beans but IMO, it's better than Einstein's Bagels selection and it's better then Egg Works. Not that the other 2 is bad, I just like this coffee more.Steak and Egg breakfast special: One of the best choice you can ask for if you are a steak fan. Every time I have ordered it it's made to perfection of the medium rare. The steak is lightly seasons so some people may want to add more. I've never been a fan of hash brown but this place makes it good. You get a choice of pancakes or toast.Marilyn Starter: No way a person can get it wrong. Generic breakfast of eggs, sausage, bacon and pancakes. Ordered it a few times but only once that they over did the salt.Grits - just right consistency. Great with butter and adding a bit of salt. Country Fried Steak: First time having CFS. Steak was moist and the batter was good. Would recommend.Quiche: I had one with ham, pepper and onions and it came with a fruit cup. Probably the only thing I have ever gotten that I didn't really like. I was not a fan of the crust.Sweet Potato Waffle Fries: A-mazing! Partial bias because by default I love anything with sweet potato. Still awesome to try.Biscuits and gravy: Was a bit cold when I got the plate. Gravy is not bad but I think it would be better if it had some bits of sausages in there or just something else to add on the mushy texture.Country Sausage Lovers Bowl: Aside from food coma in the middle of eating i. it's really good. Heaviest meal I've ever gotten from here. For $9 it fed me for 2 meals. Grilled Chicken & Eggs: Usually a gamble when it comes to chicken but the chef had chicken breast moist and tender and lightly seasoned.Overall: Just give this place a try, you can't go wrong.
3	4 star food. 2 star service. Average score of 3 stars.Food came out very slowly. Room wasnt packed and we still waited 1 hour.Server forgot water and napkins on 2 separate occasions and rarely checked in on us.If the food was faster, its be a 4 average but for some reason a 5 top that got seated after us was served 20 minutes before we were.
1	I've eaten here more than I'd like. It was really good 7 - 10 years ago. It's gone downhill sice then. Even when the cook of the evening is bad, I could mozzarella sticks and fries. Not now. Even they're horrible. So is the service. Too bad. Probably hit by recession, like so many.
5	If you look past the messy tables that were left behind by big parties, this place is a gem! The plates are a generous size. You also pay a lot less when compared to a regular diner. My boyfriend and I eat out A LOT. Yet, we only tackled half of our entrees.  This cafe is open 24 hours, which is extremely convenient. The servers are attentive and have such a welcoming personality. Keep in mind that checks cannot be split after 10 PM.
4	Many years ago a friend of mine got a gig at the Tuscany as a Cher impersonator. She made me come and all I remember is the old people with walkers blocking my way and the place looked old and terrible. Since then that's how I knew Tuscany looks like. So with all the good reviews about Marilyn's Cafe I really pictured an old hole in the wall Cafe. I was in the area and starving so I thought let's try it here. The casino looks great. It's remodeled since I've been here and for a minute I thought I'm at the wrong place. Marilyn's Cafe is very nice. I didn't expect servers with ties. Anyways,  I ordered the T-bone dinner ($16.99) and added half a Caesar salad ($2.99). It was pretty good. The meat wasn't bad at all. I got tiramisu for dessert and it was excellent. Service was wonderful too. I'm gonna come back one Friday to try their all-you-can-eat crab legs special.
4	An 8 ounce steak, two eggs, hash browns or grits, and toast for only 12.99! (after breakfast hours price)The food came out pretty quickly and the service was great as well! Note: 18% gratuity charge for parties larger than 8!
3	It's late at night and you're on the strip and you want something cheap and filling to satisfy your drunken cravings!  I usually come here after partying or after a long hard day of work. Staff here is friendly and service is usually good and food comes out good most of the time (Note that I order the same thing almost every time I come here! Lol). This is 'THE SPOT' to go for some cheap late night steak and eggs. At $5.99 from 12am-5am you can't really complain. Compared to another Cafe, located at a point somewhere south, the service and food quality is substantially better and it's located closer to the Vegas Strip off of Flamingo @ The Tuscany. Recommended spot to go to after the club.JuL's Tips* Dollar extra to add mushrooms or cheese to your eggs.* Gets busy on weekends (Naturally because of clubs) Don't be shy to wave down a server if you need something they are nice.* After 5am you'll have to wait til 6am for $8.99 Steak & Egg special which runs til 11am.* Food taste better when you're drunk.
3	The advertisement i seen will I was driving caught my attention "All you can  eat crab legs",.  I thought this was a buffet but no you sit down and they serve you the crab legs and refills.  They also have other food to order as well.  The crab legs that I kept getting seemed to be the claws. (why me when I seen others getting the legs) The claws were so hard to open I even spilled over the tealight trying to fight with the claw.  I asked the waitress can she give me more legs because it is difficult for me to open these hard claws.  The waitress was gone for a while and servicing others because it was quit busy in there due to the all you can eat crab legs.  When she would return she was always nice to me but she said, one thing and that this is all they have.  I was so disappointed due to I seen alot of folks with the legs.  So i order some prime rib taquitos.  (not good to me)  There was this one lady who seemed as if she was a "busboy"  always coming around asking can she get you anything and she is so happy to serve and help you. She did that a few times.  I thought How cool was she. I should have asked her to get me the legs.  I DON'T EAT CLAWS. LOL
4	We eat breakfast here quite often and dinner less. The french toast complete would be my morning recommendation. If you want real scrambled eggs instead of egg substitute you need to specify country scramble. Service is usually decent but the turn over at the cashier station sometimes causes delays as they are often training new people. Often have specials which are a bargain.
