4	Don't call them Sno-cones! New Orleans Sno Ball, Coffee, and Chicory  shares the same building on E. Indian School Rd.  as Two Hippies Magic Mushroom and Mamma Mia's Subs. They serve authentic New Orleans Sno-balls from an old-time Sno-Wizard ice shaver. They had 50 flavors, including old favorites like Cherry, Spearmint, and Grape, and other more exotic flavors like King Cake and Red Velvet Cake. We ordered the Red Velvet Cake and it was tops! The ice was very soft and the sno-ball had just the right amount of flavoring syrup. They carry coffee and chicory and some other Cajun/Creole cooking products and also sell Zapp's Potato Chips. The owner and sno-ball maker were especially nice, and will reminisce about New Orleans with you while you wait for your sno-ball!I'll be going back, especially if New Orleans Sno ball starts selling King Cakes around Mardi Gras. Until then, I'll keep coming back to get my sno-ball fix here.
4	So I walked in here after having some cheap greasy pizza at mamma mias next door. I thought they were sno-cones. Well not really. They are shaved ice with high fructose syrup on top. Not really sure what the difference is. I had a sample of the hot flavor. I figured hot and ice, how could you go wrong? It was an unfortunate substitute for cinnamon and was not very spicy. But it was a sample. I purchased an iced chiquory coffee. It was pretty tasty. However, I am used to my iced coffee beverages to be more like Starbucks aka bitter, smoky and delicious. But I like supporting small business. It had half and half and some syrup (likely vanilla) in the middle and going through coffee then latte back to latte was a nice treat and lovely departure from the same. Although the drink was 3.50 it had its merits.The proprietor, whose name escapes me currently, was very helpful and nice. I would go back just to talk to him.
5	This is my idea of a stay-cation.   I no longer have to jones for all of the things I left behind in New Orleans - I just pop into New Orleans Sno Ball for a Wedding Cake Sno Ball with Condensed Milk drizzled on top, some great conversation with someone who has a really familiar accent, maybe a coffee to go, and BAM!!  I could have been in a shop on Magazine Street!Okay, I know what is on the agenda for today!!  But it might be Nectar, or Tigers Blood, or Creamsicle!  Too many choices - 50 to be exact!!  Perfect treat year round.  Give it a try peeps - and if you have little ones and don't want the mess ask for a "flat top".
5	Good authentic NOLA treats
4	Completing our trifecta of food for lunch at the corner of 7th St. and Indian School on Saturday was New Orleans Sno Ball.  I let the kids choose between this place and Sacred Hogan for a dessert capper after Mamma Mia's pizza.  One went with frybread the other with Sno Ball.I liked this place immediately.  The congenial and conversant owner made us feel welcome as soon as we walked in.  I recognized that the shaved ice machine was older and more classical looking than the one I am used to seeing at our neighborhood Water & Ice.As he began making the shaved ice for my daughter I could see that the product coming out was much finer than we are used to.  My daughter ordered grape flavor and he was so busy chatting with us that he made orange.  He noticed as he was finishing that he had grabbed the wrong flavor and offered a taste before making another one.  My daughter chose to keep the orange.  Light and refreshing!Now there is only one more location to try at this intersection - Two Hippies burgers.  Perhaps another weekend outing.
5	A friend and I stopped in today, not realizing it's usually closed on Mondays.  The owner, a super-friendly and very delightful man, let us in anyway and fixed us up with some tasty, tasty shave ice!  My fuzzy navel wasn't exactly peachy or orangey, but it was very good, and my friend's mango was really, really good.  I look forward to stopping in again and trying other flavors.  We were told the shop will be moving to 7th St. & Bethany sometime between now and mid-August.  Will defintiely stop by the new digs.
5	New Orleans Sno Ball is extremely convenient, inexpensive, and tasty.  The owner says he uses pure ice blocks, which is why his product is better than his competitors'.  For $2.50 you get a medium (12 ounce?) cup of sno, which never loses flavor.  I got the tiger's blood flavor (berries with a hint of coconut) and I highly recommend it.
4	A welcome surprise of a little hole in da wall kinda place. Super friendly owners, Zoe and Jeff were happy to share their story and suggest flavors...they have 50!Soft melty shaved ice, just like the fluffy ice you find in Japan or Hawai'i. Its also the first place that offers the sweetened condensed milk on top. Perfect.The only trouble is, they are so hidden. Look for the big rolled down sun shade with OPEN spray painted on it. They usually have a big wooden sign in the parking lot as well.Its easy to miss, but look for it!! Its worth the tasty and refreshing treat. (^_^)b
5	We love working with New Orleans Sno Ball. Delicious treat and a wonderful staff!
5	Even though it still feb, its was hot out today.  My family was out in the sun and all wanted to cool off a bit.  The New Orleans Sno Ball hit the spot.  The ice was the perfect consistency and allowed the tasty syrup to melt it just right.  I had the tiger's blood, my husband the hurricane and daughter black cherry.  All were great and nex time I am going to try strawberry cheesecake.  This is a must for May-Sept in Phoenix!
5	Excellent! I was dealing with a cranky 5-year-old with a serious case of dry-mouth when I happened to see this place off to the East of 7th Street. I quickly parked, wandered in, and lo-and-behold: A genuine find!The sign outside says 51 flavors, but there are 53 on the menu, and owner Jeff says that the real mathematical limit is something closer to 304. I was impressed with the blueberry plus cajun cream he whipped up.The price for the medium is a very, very affordable $2.50. For that you get what appears to be about 32 heaping ounces of deliciously-flavored shaved ice. Take that, Scottsdale Gelati hang!Try it. You'll like it!
5	Gotta love the Sno Balls!I have never been to New Orleans during the warm months - all my trips have been late October - early January - so I have never tried a Sno Ball in it's natural habitat.That said...I have a bunch of NOLA friends - and they all assure me this is the real deal. While I have to take their word on the authenticity for now - my own taste buds tell me this is GREAT!Sure - most of the flavors and the concept is similar to a snow cone. But the ice is shaved so much finer - it's an amazing texture - not at all grainy.  Really like the Rocky Mountain snow I grew up with in northern New Mexico.Over 50 flavors to choose from - check out the website, or better yet - go in and get one (or 5!)Great for kids 2-92!
5	I'm a New Orleans native, and grew up on Sno-Balls. And it's been hit or miss trying to find them in the Valley of the Sun for the 25 years I've lived here. Until now.....New Orleans Sno Ball is the real deal, made with a proper Snow-Wizard ice grinder and plenty of delicious syrup choices. Summer's here, and the time is right for Sno Balls on the palate. Getcha one, I bet you'll be back.....
5	This place is amazing! I had a pregnancy craving for shaved ice and the water connect place was closed. I remembered seeing this place on Yelp, so my friend and I decided to try it. Thank god we did. The man working last night was Jeff. Super nice and is determined to find you a flavor you like. It's hard to chose one of the 50 + flavors, so he let us try a few. He let us try Blue Eagle, Pink Champagne and Orchid Cream Vanilla. All fantastic and all I highly recommend. I settled on the Orchid Cream Vanilla because it reminds me of fresh butter cream, but without all the sweetness. If you want a great summer treat this place is worth trying.
5	You Have to try this place it simply amazing. You won't get hard chunks of  ice like most snowballs. These snowballs are powder soft and bursting with flavor. Sweet cold and refreshing. Jeff the owner is a super nice guy who is determined to find a flavor you will love, There are 53 flavors to choose from and I plan on making my way through the list!
5	Finally found this place.I had the cherry.It was GREAT!!!!I got the medium and it was a big damn medium for 2.50.This is the perfect snack for the heat we're subjected to.There was a family of 4 being helped when I got there and another family of I think 3 arrived shortly after me.There was only the one guy working.He seemed to be a bit frazzled...
5	Jeff the owner is a qreat person . I love the fact that he lets people try a variety of different flavors . The snowballs are just sooooooo delicious that i will and am qoinq yo qo back for more ! The snowballs just make you want more and more . And the best thinq about everythinq is that Jeff has 50 different choices !!!!! Thats just AMAZING !!
5	My wife recommended this place and it has been awesome! The Snow cones are REALLY good and at this time of year, refreshing. So many flavors to choose from and the owner was very friendly. If you haven't checked it out, do it now!!!
5	Hands down, as good as it gets! The array of flavor choices is out of this world, almost 50 flavors to pick from. And the guy running the shop is the nicest sweetest guy. My co-workers and I went and got 4 smalls and didn't have cash on us, he told it was on the house! (We found some cash)the syrups he uses are crazy how good they tase and the ice is shaved so soft and thin, it's a beautiful thing. The shop looks a little dingy outside but you know that makes for the best places on the inside. Decorated out in New Orleans memoriblia and awards from over the years for rocking at sno balls.He is looking into opening another shop on Roosevelt, so check him out!
5	What a great place. My wife was craving sno cones so we looked on yelp. It was around 8 pm and just decided to call to see if they might still be open. The owner asked where I was which was a few miles away and stayed open for us. Who would do that these days, nobody. Buy he did and it was absolutely delicious.
5	Pro: great product at a great price served with a great attitude.Con:  sketchy strip centerNo brainer when it's a hundred and a milliion outside.  We told the guy his prices were too low.  He laughed.   Great assortment of flavors.You can't afford not to go here when you need a cool treat for the kids.
5	Well worth the drive from south Scottsdale. Reminds me of shave ice from the north shore of Hawaii.
5	place is great. love the nola memorabilia on the walls. there are so many flavors its great, you can mix and match forever and there would still be something new to try! my fav is sour tigers blood and blue raspberry, yummmm!
5	Delicious, flavorful syrups, that aren't overly sticky sweet. Ice is soft and doesn't melt to total liquid before you get to the bottom of the cup. Try banana with the cream on top!
4	Great place, unfortunately the last two times I have tried to go they were closed (during the business hours listed). You may want to call ahead before you make the drive
1	Would be nice if you opened on time (or at all). Or at the very least change the hours of operation on Yelp (and the door) so people aren't driving across town only to find you're closed. Disappointing...
5	Tried 20+ flavors and counting...all good! Even the newly unveiled Dill Pickle...take that one for a test drive!
5	Best we've ever had. The flavors were rich and delicious. Very unique place. Happy to recommend this place. Better than ice cream!! Prices are too good not to pass up trying it.
5	Best sno-balls ever and I mean ever.
5	This place is incredible!  I drive all the way from Tempe to him (about 20 minutes) but it's so worth the drive!  The owner is really sweet and helps you make a decision from his, like, 100 flavor options.  He will mix flavors for you too!  It's a hole in the wall, but it's super cheap!  I even get a plain one for my dog - great summer treat!
5	Really great flavors! This guy is a mix master- comes up with some neat combinations! Try it- i'm not even a Snow Ball lover and I liked it. So did hubby and niece!   Inexpensive and large sizes too!
5	HOLY. COW. This is one of the best, and I mean BEST, places in Phoenix. The prices are ridiculously low, the service is fantastic, and the snoballs are out of this world. (FYI Snoballs are 100x better than snow cones. Trust me.)The owner himself works the counter and is a really nice guy. He hand makes all the flavors, and many times has custom ones not on the regular menu. I love his pink lemonade flavor with the Creole Cream!
5	Always have to stop by when we are in the area. The owner is awesome and always whipping up new concoctions. Go with his suggestions for flavor pairings and you're in for a treat.
4	Was in the area a few weeks ago with my hubby, craving a snow cone. Did a quick Yelp search on my iphone and found this place and it was exactly what I wanted.Don't expect much when you go here - it really is a hole in the wall. But the snow cones are great, cheap and he has tons of flavors. And the small is more like a large. I couldn't even finish it.Definitely a great summer treat if you're nearby.
5	As many mentioned heard lots about this place. My experience was fantastic. Had not read any reviews about the owners good nature and generosity but had the EXACT impression. More than generous and patient with the samples and three curious kids. When one kid wasn't WILD about his own bizarre concoction the owner made a new one and would not accept $. I love local I love personality and CUSTOMER SERVICE.  We will be back many times and can't wait to spread the word
5	Super friendly and they make great sno balls!
5	Definitely a new favorite.  I had a small with wedding cake flavor and it was awesome!!!  it had a hint of coconut.  next time I plan to try it with the creole cream.
4	Awesome flavors!
5	Outstanding summer refreshment! The orchid cream no. 50 is fantastic!
5	This place is great.  The flavor selection is huge, the owner is very nice, and the prices are right.  What more could you want?  I tried the Nectar which is almond and vanilla and had it topped with Creole Cream which the owner said was his own non-dairy concoction.  I didn't ask what it was made from but it was quite tasty.  Go grab a snoball you won't be disappointed.
5	I'm hooked after just one visit! I can't stop thinking about these sno cones! I want to get one every weekend. Yum! Only thing stopping me is its not as close to my house as I would prefer. I tried the cherry and my husband had the strawberry. Both were excellent! The way they cut the ice makes it so the flavor is evenly distributed throughout. Try it! I'm sure you will become hooked as well.
5	Nuff said.
5	My boyfriend and I came here last Friday after a hot day at the zoo looking to fulfill our shaved ice cravings. We were greeted by the nice man behind the counter as soon as we entered and, after informing him that it was our first time there and asking for recommendations, he quickly put together a medium Hawaiian for myself and a Bahama Mama for my other half. Both were delicious and cheap for the size that we were given.Aside from his wonderful recommendations for us, he also offered us samples so that we could fully experience the New Orleans Sno Ball experience. He informed us that he hand makes all his flavors and you could tell that he is truly knowledgeable about his stuff as well as passionate about his business.From the delicious flavors to the generous owner, this place definitely deserves 5 stars!
5	I travel A LOT for work, and trust me, i've had some pretty raunchy tasting stuff, but this was just absolutely great.I ordered a pineapple flavored cone, and it was so absolutely friggin' flavorful!No it may not be too good for my diet...but it was totally worth, stop by this place, it's definitely worth a shot.Or in this case...a cone.
5	Sno Balls are NOT Snow Cones!I learned this first hand straight from the source on my most recent visit to The Big Easy, and though the gentleman running this shop is not from NOLA, you would never know it. He's got the ice making down to an art, and it shows. These cold treats are AMAZE-BALLS and make for the perfect snack on a hot PHX day. Even on a cold day...just yum. I was really into the egg custard, along with every other delicious concoction he twisted my arm into trying (har-har) Even after tons of sampling, we hung around the tiny shop just to socialize, as he was quite the conversationalist.Definitely of huge fan of businesses that go the extra mile to put a smile on their customers faces and and am determined to return again and again to try every last combination he's come up with. They can't allll be OUTRAGEOUSLY delicious...can they?Be careful not to miss it when you drive by. I've probably done so at least a thousand times without realizing. However, after having tried the infamous ice, will never be able to make that mistake again:)
2	Meh. Don't get the hype.  No different than the water and ice places on every street corner.  Service was cold, too.
5	My daughter and I love this place. We just moved to Phoenix and this was a great way to beat the heat. Get the Orchid creme flavor! The owner makes all the flavors there and you can mix and match anything. There is a lot of sugar and flavor in the syrups, so we usually stick with the small cup.
4	What a nice treat and affordable too. The ice is fluffy just like the snow back home up north. The flavors range from classic to contemporary. The owner is a great guy and has a LSU banner up despite the fact he is from ASU BUSTED.
5	My son absolutely loves this place (I do too).....He said "tigers blood is the most best flavor I think". You can get a mini sno ball for 75 cents, which is perfect for the little ones. I'll admit that the owner can be a little "cold" but he has passion for his product and knows his stuff.
4	Talk about a hole in the wall! LOL! This place was great! The prices were awesome too! We went to "New Orleans Sno Ball" based solely on the opinions of Yelp'ers, and I must say we were pleasantly surprised. First things first, the location was kinda ghetto, although I never feared my life was in danger at any point. It was dark, and we must've arrived about 40 minutes prior to closing. We were served by a sweet teenage girl who let us sample a few flavors before purchasing. The prices were great and the serving portions were awesome, as well. I must say, if it had been summer during our visit to Phoenix, this place would have been a must! A sno ball is just the thing you need to beat the heat! By the way, they we're delicious! I finished my wife's because it was too big, and finished my son's for the same reason... One of the advantages of being a dad. LOL! I totally recommend this place!Don't forget to order the creole cream!
4	I found this gem from Yelp. I drove by a few times before I located the door. As other reviewers have stated- there are over 50 different homemade  flavors that go into the snow cones. The owner is very nice, and their prices are very reasonable, borderline very cheap.Great place to bring the family.
4	Like a number of the reviewers here, I've driven by this place a gazillion times without noticing it, since it occupies a relatively tiny space in a generic commercial strip. it wasn't until my friend and fellow yelper John M. asked me to join him for a refreshing treat here that I knew this place was here, and it's just in my neighborhood! The sno balls are made of shaved ice, giving them a much smoother "feel' than snow cones with their coarse ice granules. There is an impressive array of flavored syrups, making for an almost infinite number of possible flavor combinations. The sno balls are always nicely flavored, very refreshing, and so inexpensive - a real win every time!
5	I've had sno balls in New Orleans and it's exactly like my memory.  Really rich flavors and great prices!
4	The husband and I love this place and greatly prefer it to Bahama Buck's & Rita's. Plus, its centrally located. Really bummed that they are closed for the winter, I have been craving a Tiger's Blood snow-ball for months =)Kind of small and hard to find location in a strip mall on the east side of the street. Super clean though, and the owner is very friendly and loves to tell you about all of his new flavors! Cash only.
5	Sad to hear that this place has possibly closed for good. Awesome little hole in the wall shaved ice joint. My favorite flavor is tiger blood and banana. This place was great during my summer pregnancy last year! The owner is friendly and seems to love what he does! You absolutely cannot not beat the prices! Try adding a scoop of ice cream in you next shaved ice!
