5	Omg!!. Where do I start??!!. The most moist, fresh and fluffy donuts I've ever had.. At all times of they day, you'll find fresh donuts here. Staff is super friendly.. This shop is the real deal and a must go for Donut enthusiast.
5	Good donuts.
4	The food is fantastic and the people are great. However, the drive thru is SO SLOW. I've gone here multiple times because I love their food, but often I'm waiting for at LEAST ten minutes. And my order has not been complete (combo but didn't get the donut holes) a few times as well.
4	89 cent donuts, 1/2 dozen for 4.99 - NICE.They have Thai Iced teas with Boba and some other breakfast options as well such as: Croissants with Egg and Cheese and lunch offerings like: Turkey and Ham on a Croissant or Tuna Salad. Their sandwiches remind me of the "American" sandwiches at Lee's Sandwiches (which are great btdubs).The donuts we ordered were tasty, and their numbering system makes for ease of ordering.Consider your neighborhood Donut joint rather than a chain. Oh and again, two words: Drive Through.(So day after update: I just microwaved a day old one...for 15 seconds and it"s AMAZING! Moist, flavorful, and decadent. As if I need to gain more weight. Ha.)
5	Oh, man... AZ Donut Co is the best worst thing to ever happen to me. These donuts are by far some of the best in the valley (especially when you get them fresh) and they're right down the street from my house, so... well, I'm a regular now and I eat far too many donuts!!
4	Don't get me wrong, I'm a Bosa fan tried and true. But as a runner up I vote for AZ Donut Co. Their donuts are fresh, they offer a good variety and they are friendly. They don't have anything that really stands out  - no specialty donuts or anything like that (at least not that I know of) but they have your typical variety of cake donuts, glazed raised, twists and jelly-filled. But when you need to get your donut on do you really need more than that?I give 'em a solid 4 stars.
5	There are several great aspects to this company. First, I'll start with the downfall... because I can only think of one. The wait at the drive-through is extremely long, it could be sped up quite a bit because it doesn't actually save time from what it would take to park and walk in. I was the only customer in the drive-through, after placing my order I spent about 5 minutes waiting at the window -- longer than expected, but tolerable.However, on the plus side there's a DRIVE-THROUGH.  Although it may take less time to just park and walk inside, the benefit of having a drive-through is that you don't have to get ready in the morning or late at night. The drive-through and shop are open 24 hours a day...how many more ways can I say "amazing"??Next - I love boba tea and usually have to drive 20 minutes to Chandler for a decent one from Boba Tea House in Lee Lee's market place complex. Not anymore! This place also sells my favorite taro milk tea. Finally, not only was the staff extremely friendly (almost overly friendly, but in a positive way), the donuts are delicious and fresh -- I'd recommend this place over the big chains (Dunkin Donuts, Krispy Kreme) any day! Extremely cheap, but be aware: They will not accept credit or debit cards for purchases under $3.  5 stars in my book!
3	I sent my fiance here to pick us up some breakfast sandwiches yesterday; I've been meaning to try the place out ever since they popped up in the neighborhood.  They gave us sausage instead of bacon but it didn't really matter in the end because the sausage was really tasty.  The croissants had great flavor but were a little bulky compared to the other ingredients and they were super messy.  I'll try it on a bagel next time.  The breakfast combo came with the choice of a coffee or orange juice, and five mini glazed donuts.  The donuts were really good!  Everything was really cheap too.  The coffee could stand to be a little hotter though.I'll definitely give this place another try.
4	Kristen G. and I freaked when we saw a new donut shop opening down the street from us... I can't say that we're obsessed with donuts or anything, but we get these ridiculous cravings a couple of times a month and swiftly polish off half a dozen each while watching Extreme Makeover: Weight Loss Edition. Arizona Donut Co. is owned by the same people that brought us Bosa Donuts, which in short means the donuts cannot be beat. Service here is always very quick and extra friendly, the prices are reasonable to cheap, and it's open twenty four hours a day. The only thing keeping away my last star is that we tend to show up late night, three or four a.m., with our mighty cravings, and more often than not they are out of a couple of things. While this is forgivable seeing that they aren't getting a lot of business at that time, I wouldn't feel right giving it a full five stars when we sometimes have to settle for a slightly less delicious sugary treat. I sincerely hope this place is around a long time.
4	I was curious about this donut shop I see every time I come to this side of town.  I didn't know what to expect when I came in.  The place reminds me of those mom and pop shops in California.  I don't see many shops in my side of town that sells donut holes, so I was actually excited to see it sold here.  They have a solid selection of donuts and pastries, and pretty good selection on drinks.  I ended up getting Tea with Boba and it was delicious.The store is very clean and service was great.  If you are in this side of town, come check it out for that familiar californian donut taste.
5	Only two data points--Old Fashion and Glazed Crumb. The former was excellent, the latter fantastic!Gotta get back.
5	Best donuts and best price in town!!
5	Oh sweet late night heaven.Located where the old KFC used to be on Broadway and Beck across from Palo Verde, this place is a late night dream. Their drive thru is open 24 hours. I rolled thru and was actually taken aback by their extensive menu. After a few minutes of debating w/ myself, I decided on the vanilla cake and Boston creme. The lady who was working the window was probably the nicest person Ive ever dealt w/ at a drive thru. She seemed genuinely happy to be there. In minutes I had my donuts and was on my way home.And they were go-od. Cakey and gooey and delicious and *Homer Simpson drool*.Dont be surprised if they dont have the vanilla cake when you go in, I was told they run out of it all the time.
5	I drive by it all the time on my way to work so last Friday I stopped in. The staff was super friendly which is a stark contrast from the fast food joints I usually get iced coffee from. I ordered a ham and cheese croissant combo, the price with an iced coffee was cheaper than any fast food place and the doughnut holes! Yummy! It has that mom and pop feel and the staff was perky!
4	I've been a somewhat regular customer of this place since I noticed it a few months ago, and I have to say that the quality is consistent with other AZ-based donut shops like Bosa and Rainbow. They have an absolutely HUGE selection of drinks, both bottled and freshly made, which is awesome. They also have sandwiches on the menu that look pretty tasty, though I never think to try them. I go in with one of two options in mind: donut or Thai iced tea.The only downside to this place, for me, is the electronic bell that screams at you as you enter and exit. Holy hell, is that thing nerve-wracking. I realize that there are only one or two people manning the place at once and they need to be alerted from all the way in the back when people come in. But unless they want to give people tinnitus, they should really consider lowering the volume on that thing.Another thing that seems a bit disconcerting is that this place is a ghost town every time I visit. I've never been in during the AM hours, so I can't comment on how busy they are at peak donut time. But in the late afternoon/night, there's usually nobody else in sight. Which is fine by me, as I get faster service. But given this building's history (it has been a KFC and countless other short-lived burrito shops), it doesn't seem like a good omen.
4	Deeeeelicious boba teas! Boba is the perfect consistency...donuts were just okay. I will definitely be back for a taro smoothie.
5	I found out about Donut Co. through an ad/menu and decided to make a midnight run. I noted it was within relatively easy biking distance of the ASU campus, which was exciting since I've been looking for a donut shop that can fit that distinction. I asked my friends to choose which donuts they wanted off of the menu I found and despite the late hour at which I went there was an ample amount of each kind to pick from.The donuts themselves were soft and tasted fresh, particularly the donut holes. I didn't heat them up when I got back since my friends didn't have a microwave in their dorm room, but I'm sure they would have tasted even better warm. And better than their donuts was their boba tea, the special signifier for my 5 star rating.I went for a taro flavored boba smoothie, which I've had before at other boba tea establishments. While I usually enjoy taro smoothies, the way they prepared theirs made it possibly one of the most delicious things I've ever had the pleasure to drink. The taste was akin to the scent of a pumpkin spice candle, but in creamy purple smoothie form. They didn't skimp on the tapioca either. Absolutely perfect drink, even on my chilly bike ride back to my dorm. Cannot recommend this place enough for fans of boba tea.The cashier was friendly and attentive, particularly for a late-night employee. Absolutely wonderful shop.
5	These very well might be the best donuts in the Phoenix area!  Great price, helpful and happy service.  Great variety (even though I arrived at 4:30 PM) and all items were light, fluffy, delicous, fresh, and not too sweet.  Worth every bite!
5	Arizona Donut Co has to be the best donuts in all of Arizona!!! When I am craving a donut (which is often) this is the only place that I will go. Their donuts are only 89 cents each, but it is a downfall that you have to charge at least $3 on a card. The only place to go if you have a sweet tooth! I love the cinnamon roll & the pink sprinkled donut the best. So good!
5	I randomly swung by this spot before work just trying to grab something to bite with some coffee before running into work. Best choice I've made all week. Not only did they have blueberry donuts (something I haven't seen since leaving California) but they also had Thai tea! Very nice folks in there too, they can expect to see me more often.
5	Super friendly service, amazing donuts, very inexpensively priced, often fresh, OPEN ALL NIGHT! BEST. I want to die here,be cremated, and have my ashes sprinkled on a coffee one.
5	I found this place driving around one night looking for some coffee other than circle k. I work the graveyard shift down the street and my lunch break is 230a... (I know). I walked in, the women working the counter was pulling out fresh donuts and asked me to wait. No problem! I order the largest coffee they offered, it was hot and fresh! Believe it or not it's hard to find in the area! I didn't order any food, but I will be! Thanks guys!
4	(in my Homer Simpson voice) MMMmmmm Donuts! It's no secret that I have a sweet tooth and this place hits the spot. Like any good donut joint this place is open 24 hours. They make donuts freshly in the wee hours of the night so if you are looking for a specific donut get there early because they tend to run out of certain items in the afternoon (like the cheap 12 for a $1 donut holes *cough-cough*). To make things better there is even a drive through if you are too lazy to come in for yourself. My favorite here is the plain glazed! It always has a nice doughy chew with just the right amount of sweetness. Plus these donuts keep well, I once kept them for three days and they were still edible. One quick note there is a minimum for credit/debit use of I think  $3.
5	I live within walking distance of this place. I don't go very often but when I do I always have a good experience. I love their glazed donuts and they have yummy fresh drinks you can order. Give them a try !!!!
2	If you're desperate for boba then have at it, but otherwise I would try a legitimate boba spot.
5	Very good bavarian creme donut bites!
5	This is our favorite donut shop! This place beats the big chains, hands down! Not to mention another local well known place. The breakfast sandwiches are good and the donuts are always fresh and delicious! The staff is always happy and courteous. I am happy to drive out if my way to get here. They do take debit and credit but only on purchases larger than $3, but who can blame them? They're a small shop that has to pay a fee... The only real draw back is they don't serve decaf coffee.
5	open 24 hours :)
5	I was looking for a smoothie and saw them on yelp.  noticed they had tarot smoothies so went and got one and a ham and cheese croissant.  couldn't believe it.  that sandwich was really really good. big ol slice of onion and lettuce and tomato on a toasted croissant.  the smoothie was fantastic.  think this will be a weekly stop. and a drive thru.  cant wait to try the donuts.
5	Enjoyed my visit very much. Loved the muffin I ate and coffee. A large variety of donuts.
4	Great donuts and open 24/7.  I love their buttermilk donuts and they have these adorable little filled donut holes.
5	I'm giving these guys 5 starts on their donuts because I've came in from midnight, afternoon and morning and the pastries are always fresh and delicious. Best donuts in Tempe super fluffy and not heavy or rubbery like other places.
5	I am a fan of donuts, especially those that melt in your mouth. This was clean and the staff was friendly and accommodating (huge plus).There is something about the dough that makes these donuts very light and moist. The glaze is everything! It's just right--smooth and not too sweet.DEFINITELY a stop on my way to work.
5	Great breakfast.
5	These donuts are AWESOME!!! the crumb donut is a revelation.  Friendly staff and SO CHEAP!  The filled donut holes are a great idea, I've never seen those anywhere else.  Such a great Saturday morning treat.
5	I wish I never stopped here. I have been craving their donuts every day since! I ordered 2 glazed donuts. They were incredibly light and fluffy. They just melt in your mouth. Can't wait to try some different flavors!
5	I love donuts and I mean its like my favorite thing ever. I thought Krispy Kreme was the best out there but seriously, AZ Donut Co makes some of the most delicious donuts around. There is something about the dough's taste and texture that is unmatched.  They even have blueberry filled donut holes and they are sooo good.  The staff is always friendly and their Thai iced tea is delicious.  Bosa Donuts has been popping around everywhere and they are good but AZ Donut Co for me is so much better.
4	Considering this place is within walking distance of my home, I should probably not be going as often as I do. :) Great donut for the price, open 24/7 and I get sugar cravings at midnight, so that's more than perfect. I love Thai Iced Tea- so this is personally my chubby girl Mecca. Hands down my favorite place for some midnight sugar. Staff is always helpful and friendly. If you haven't been here... GO!
5	I just love the fact that they're open 24 hours everyday not just the drive-thru. No matter if you are a early bird or night owl you can always stop by anytime to get some donuts and coffee and be on your way. They have many variety of donuts you can choose from with good prices, but they don't just sell donuts. They also sells sandwiches, shave ice, teas, and many more. The facility is well maintenance and employees are friendly. It's worth the time to check them out and will not be disappointed, We wasn't, and whenever we are in this side of town we will stop by here.Wish there are more of this type of places in the valley.
5	This place has the best donuts in Tempe! Their breakfast sandwiches are good and filling, with quite the variety. I highly recommend trying this place, especially if you have a late night donut craving.
4	This place was right under my nose and I have never noticed it!! When I came here on a hot Saturday I was in the mood  for something sweet. looking on the menu we wanted to try their taro smoothie. The lady at the counter was nice and our drink was made quickly. They had a display of donuts to choose from and breakfast sandwiches. Our large taro smoothie hit the spot and was filling. Their store is open 24/7 next time I'm in a rush ill have to try their croissant sandwich. Thanks Arizona Donut co!
5	First time to this place and it won't be our last! Freshest donuts ever being made as we were there. Thx for the free donut each for national donut day!!
5	Yum fresh donuts!  Love this place, don't love that it's right down the street from us.  This could be dangerous!
4	Super friendly lady who was helping us decide what we wanted. She let me taste the thai tea and let my boyfriend taste the coffee. Would come back.. but not for the coffee. The donuts are also tasty.
3	I have been here several times and the donuts are good.  They have a nice selection, like most places do.   Everything appears to be made on site since there is a kitchen in the back.They also offer a variety of sandwiches for breakfast and lunch.  Starting at $3.99 for a combo.
5	A co-worker showed up with a box of donuts from this place today. I thought I would be good and just indulge in a half ... that half donut was the best I've ever had in my whole life. Seriously.I don't know if it's just because I never eat donuts, but it was utterly the most perfect donut my mouth has ever had the pleasure of tasting. Needless to say, I ate the other half.
1	They get the single star not for the doughnuts but because it was 112 degrees outside and they had no AC going in the restaurant. It may have been hotter in the restaurant than outside it. It was hard to order since I couldn't concentrate on anything but the heat. I bought three doughnuts but couldn't ditsy to enjoy them because of the warmth. I bought the chocolate Bismarck, a raspberry jelly, and some sort of crunch doughnut. They were all good. Too bad I had to enjoy them in the car of the Starbucks parking lot. I will try them again hopefully in January when I won't care if it's so hit inside the restaurant.
5	Don't be fooled in to thinking this is just some donut shop, they have awesome sandwiches, and breakfast. The price and 24hr service is/are STELLAR.
5	Mind BLASTING. Get a ham and cheese croissant. If you're vegetarian, it's worth it. If you're vegan, just pretend it's non-GMO, soy-based blah blah blah and eat it! The service is good, too. Very polite. They warm up the croissant for you, and they arrange the donuts beautifully in the box. And I have to say, getting a dozen of these donuts for $9.00 and change after tax is like winning the lottery. And knowing you can win it every day if you want.
5	Not gonna lie, I'm kinda obsessed with this place! I probably go here about once a week for their breakfast sandwiches, because they're just SO good. The combo is a really good deal (sandwich, orange juice and donut holes). Their donuts are also always super fresh. Customer service is really sweet & friendly. Overall I highly recommend you check this place out. You can't go wrong.
4	This is has become my go to place for breakfast if I'm in a hurry. I have to be to work by 6am, so the fact that they are open in the wee hours of the morning is AWESOME! In fact, they are open 24/7 so no matter what your work/life schedule is like, they are there and ready for you to stuff your face with donuts!I like their ice coffee w/ vanilla and their croissants. My husband said their donuts were a little on the small side, but good. I stopped in one day to get donuts for a staff meeting, and I was surprised at how cheap their donuts by the dozen were!Lost a star for the sometimes difficult to understand drive through system and the fact that they don't have much of anything I'd want after breakfast hours.
5	What an awesome place for Boba! I came here with a colleague solely based off Yelp reviews. I can't speak on their donuts, as I don't eat them. (Donuts do look excellent) The blended Iced Coffee with boba is delicious. The girls up front are so nice and make amazing drinks. This and Bosa are both great places to enjoy boba coffees.Highly recommend.
5	Random 5am doughnut craving? Well fear not, Arizona Donut Co has you covered!The ladies working there will (hopefully) greet you with a cheerful smile and help you keep your glucagon (opposite of insulin) levels in check. They have all of the classic varieties that you'd expect but these taste as if they were made with love. They are heavenly and soft and delicious. A dollar and some change for a dozen fresh doughnut holes?! Sign me up!Oh and the ham and cheese croissant was pretty good. The ham was a bit lost in that croissant, but it was good. I might just go ahead and buy the plain croissants, bring them home, stuff them with ham and cheese myself, microwave for 10 seconds, and then slowly melt into a puddle on my kitchen floor while my brain releases all sorts of happy chemicals.Damn. That there's a good doughnut.
5	AMAZING!!! Staff is friendly the donuts...WOW I felt like homer Simpson I ate four donuts.  Will come again
5	I get it! We needed donuts for work. 5 dozen mixed. They are delicious. enough said!
4	Best donuts in town!  Good selection, and especially love the cake donuts.  I highly recommend the buttermilk bar, and vanilla cake donut, just some of my personal favorites. They also serve breakfast bagel sandwiches and fantastic sausage, egg & cheese croissants. Oh, and did I mention the smoothies? OMG gotta try the coconut flavor.  There is a convenient drive-thru window as well, however if you want to order a dozen, and choose each donut, you may want to go inside instead of using the drive-thru. I WOULD have given a solid 5 stars if not for the drive thru-window post asking for tips! Sorry, but thats just tacky.
3	Me and my sister went hear on rain day 2014 as part of our no school/work adventure and it was far from a pleasurable experience. First thing, as we walked in the door the sound of the door bell was ear piercing. I don't think I could accurately put into words how gruesome it actually was. Next, we ordered are donuts; I got a jelly filled powdered donuts which I was quite excited about, they are not always the easiest to find. There was much to be wanted. The donuts had this odd aftertaste I couldn't quite put my finger on. My sister got a plain old chocolate covered donut that she wasn't totally digging either. The service was not bad, the staff was friendly, but all in all, the donuts were lacking in quality and that bell was just awful. We were reminded (and shocked a second time) as we left.
4	Cream filled donut holes.  Need I say more?
5	Great donuts, Boba drinks and slushes. Open 24 hours too!  Got the Bavarian filled donut holes and roasted coconut donut. Friendly staff. A must go to when in the Phoenix/Tempe area.
4	Great doughnuts when in a rush . Only problem is that they are a little too sweet for my liking.
5	These place is a little slice of heaven they make the best donuts in my opinion in az if you get a chance to stop by its off the beaten path but its with the trip its a bit pricey at a dozen almost $10.00 but can also get the best Coney rt next door as well !!
5	Turkey sandwich was surprisingly good. The croissant was nice and warm which was a plus. May skip on the ranch next time, but whatever, not a big deal. Combo came with an orange juice and 4 doughnut holes. Ended up getting another dozen because for a dollar and some change, why not? Will definitely come through again. Nothing game changing, but very solid for a 24 hour spot.
5	Delicious Donuts everytime and open 24/7, what more could one ask for!? Ample selection and the freshness is always present, definitely my go-to place for Donuts now. I've been to this place a handful of times and never leave disappointed. Highly recommended
4	My roommate and I normally get donuts every weekend!! This is my favorite place to get weekend donuts:) great customer service too!! Always fresh
1	Sour taste left in my mouth after my 6 yr old daughter drank expired milk that they had out for sale... She didn't check the date but that shouldn't be her responsibility.. I'm strongly upset after this experience so be wary if you decide to go and remember to check the dates.
