5	Great new brewery. Gotta check it out!
5	Sweet
5	Anybody knows me knows that I love Four Peaks, especially their beers. This new location for them focuses on what they do best which is beer. The tasting room as they call it is just that. A nice room with a view into the brewery for tasting beer. The room is very nice and modern with TV's for watching sports and plenty of seating.They don't serve food here but they will server up your favorite beers. To make up for the lack of food they have nightly visits from different food trucks to serve up  some yummy food. I am pretty sure they also let you call for delivery as well.So if you are looking to grab a beer without the hassle of the 8th Street location crowds or the trip to Scottsdale check out this little gem. They have all the beers four peaks has and right now even have some Pumpkin Porter that is exclusive to this location.The location is a bit tricky to find but trust me it is there. I would give you specifics but I still want to be able to walk in and grab a seat without fighting off a crowd.
5	Oh Four Peaks...how I love thee....SO excited that this location is finally open. Im a fan of the original location, but on weekends it can get bogged up w/ douc....less than awesome clientele.This location is hidden in an industrial neighborhood, w/ plenty of parking. They dont serve food at this location, but they have partnered w/ several local food trucks. They serve up some tasty grub that you can then bring in the tasting room to enjoy w/ your brew. Theres a decent amount of tables, chairs and bar seats. I was actually surprised, they made it sound smaller. I LOVE the window into the warehouse. Rumor has it theyll be pumping out a few seasonal favorites from this location year round. Theyll be lots more canning and bottling going on as well.This is my new fave Four Peaks location.
4	Love Four Peaks beer but don't like their food, the horrible parking, or crowds at the 8th Street location?  This is the spot for you!  If you really want to eat they have food trucks that come in, and it's a different one every night so you can get something completely different on Friday than what you had on Thursday.  If you just want to have a good beer without having to deal with the Friday night crowd and most of the other good beer locations in Tempe/Scottsdale, I can't think of a better place to be.
5	This new 4 peaks location is just a taproom currently! No kitchen yet, but they have amazing food trucks every day, each day a different food truck.
5	Greater Phoenix's flagship suds factory has a new taproom in industrial Tempe more secret (for now) than the original's Secret Bathroom. Unsurprisingly, it does not disappoint. The brews are fresh to the point of self-parody, and dig that canning warehouse, visible behind the bar, it's GIANT.
4	Been here so many times for football games etc.  If you live if AZ and haven't had a Kiltlifter, I truly feel sorry for you.  Just love the atmosphere, and the huge menu.  Great place to go when you don't know what to eat, but know you're hungry.  Looking forward to going here this weekend.  My office is having a little weekend lunch, so I picked this place to take everyone!  Nothing like 8th street Ale and good friends!
5	This tap room is a great addition for the Four Peaks family and brand. As the name suggests its just a tap room now but offers great food trucks in the evenings. If your looking for wonderfully brewed local brews and a nice environment I highly recommend this spot. It's off the beaten path and quiet on the weekdays.  If your looking for a place to just enjoy beer with friends this tap room is worth a try.
4	I came here the other night and had a blast!  Our server and bartender were so fun and really created a fun atmosphere.  There was an imperial stout on draft that I'd never tried before and it was exceptional.  This place also has a pile of boardgames for it's customers to enjoy; we unleashed our inner children and played battleship, sorry and jenga:)  Don't come here is you're hungry though because there is no full menu; I know they have food trucks stop by but I don't know if they are there daily.The tasting room does lose a star because they don't except 4 peaks gift cards yet.
5	Rolled up to the new location on Super Bowl Sunday for some Double Knot and Serious Black pre-game action. This place is new and smells like it! Not serving food yet, but taps are fresh, and layout is nice with a view of the brewing tanks through the glass at the bar.
4	Don't come here looking for the great Four Peaks food.  This is a pure brewery with a beer bar.  Waitresses were simply transplanted from the original brewpub so they know their beers.  Nice open space without the college kid atmosphere and unlike 8th Street they have plenty of parking. A great place for a business meeting over a beer..
3	I love tasting rooms, a chill place to grab a nice beer and much on a snack. However this place lacked 2 of the 3 things I like in a good tasting room. Free snack to nibble on, and a less then bar level of noise. It will be a bit hard to find this place, it is in a full on industrial warehouse.  The tasting room has large window to view the brewing area with plenty of space to expand, they have their own brews and a few local guest brews. PRices at $5 each were nothign special.
4	This place totally reminds me of the Tempe 8th Street Four Peaks location...and then the North Scottsdale location...before they got insanely popular.You can actually hear people in here.  There are only a handful of TVs.  There's a huge stack of board games.  They have more beer options than the other locations.  Staff is friendly (expected at any 4Pks location).  Bathrooms (at least the ladies' is clean!...granted there are basically no females here but still, I appreciate a clean bathroom!) Patrons are beer peeps.  Love it.They have a food truck daily on-site, schedule here:  http://www.fourpeaks.com/blog/index.php/events/tasting-room-on-wilson-february-events/ (link shows "February" but it seems to be updated every month)Unfortunately, one time I was here the food truck vendor changed last minute and neither the blog nor their facebook alerted those of us pining for fry bread that we were SOL.  Luckily they have tons of menus for places that deliver, and Cheba Hut quickly delivered and filled my belly. Outside seating is pretty decent, but if you're there for a happy hour, at least this time of year, the sunset will probably make your eyes bleed.
5	Absolutely love the tasting room.  The seasonal Rye Wine out of the Bourbon Barrel beer is my new favorite beer.
3	Didn't really go into the tasting room itself - I was here for their 16th Anniversary party which was pretty fun but didn't have as much entertainment and TABLES as I would have expected.I'm a big fan of their peach ale but, honestly, I go to the main Four Peaks location for their amazing food. This one is definitely for the beer connoisseur rather than the foodies.
4	I love the fact that the bar (e.g. tasting room) has huge windows overlooking the actual brewery, plenty of space inside and pretty much a different food truck outside  every night and when you order they generally bring you  the food inside. The wait staff is wonderful and generally have solid knowledge of the beers which is nice. I was also here for the 16th anniversary beer festival and it rocked with great music and a wonderful mix of their regular beers and some amazing specialty strong beers. I understanding they plan to have a kitchen installed at this location as well sometime next year, which would make it even better.The best part of this place is it is in the Tempe industrial area, nothing else around but warehouses and factories and then suddenly, voila, beer nirvana! The only downside is that, I believe, they only serve their own beers so if you want to try an ever rotating selection of micro-brews across America you may need to go somewhere else and of course, for that, Boulders on Broadway is just a half mile away. :-)
5	Four Peaks always goes hard, but for the beer lover this particular location can't be beat. It's in an industrial district off Broadway which can be a pain to find. But hey, you're using Yelp so you probably have a smartphone that tells you where it is, you lucky human, you. They have a food truck some days but most of the time this location doesn't have any food like the 'regular' Four Peaks. Fine with me, beer makes a great substitute for actual nutrition here. The best part about it is: you get to look at the GIANT new warehouse /brewery management is building as you drink your beer.
5	This place is great. It reminds me of the vibe that you get in a Pub in Ireland. You can actually sit around and have a nice normal conversation over a beer or two. There is some music playing and there are a few TVs on but nothing that makes you have to strain to hear someone. Being in an industrial area after hours means there is nothing close to an issue with parking and I love the food truck option. We went last night and the Filipino truck "Hey Joe" was there. The owner brought the food inside to us which I thought was great. I honestly would not change a thing about this place. What a great way to go out a socialize over a local beer and a hip food truck meal!  My only hope is that the place doesn't get too popular that it becomes insanely crowded and ruins that chill vibe they have going. Bravo Four Peaks!
4	Why not come straight to the source where Four Peaks is produced.  Come sit down in their bar environment where they can serve you endless taps of their beer while playing board games or watching sports.  There's not much to this place.  In fact, they don't serve any food.  This might be the only place that is a BYOF (food).  We had pizza from the outside delivered once.  At the minimum, they will have a food truck hovering near the entrance.  Order it and bring it inside or sometimes the truck people will just bring it to you.If you are feeling super low key, this is the spot to be.  Its like being at home except you get to enjoy beer directly from the source.
4	I'm a fan of Four Peaks, like always the beer is great. This place is a good place to grab a beer. It's kinda in the middle of nowhere but I dig it. They change up the food trucks daily and it's nice to try the different trucks. The parking is great, but I guess they don't really need it. Every time I've been there it seems pretty dead.
3	This place is warehouse with a small brewery in the corner, not too impressive.The beer is tasty and the food trucks are hit or miss ( yes food trucks, its a beer tasting room not a bar and grill). I gave them and extra star for making the effort to feed their guests.  I usually stop by on Sundays to have a beer with the guys, its very low key, a nice place to enjoy 4 Peaks brew without the chaos of their main location. I do notice employees from the main location drink there on their off time, you will notice the special treatment by the wait staff and security (girls riding bikes around the warehouse), I guess they got to do something with all the empty space. If your looking for a drink and a game of battleship stop by and check it out.
5	This is a pretty unique place to come and have a Four Peaks brew and hang out.  As others have said they don't serve any food, but they do have food trucks. I suggest going when the Short Leash Dogs truck is there.  They don't seem to mind customers ordering Pizza in or bringing their own food so I don't really see it as an issue.  The bartenders and the bouncers are friendly and add to the relaxed atmosphere.   In the corner  there is pretty much every board game you can think of to waste time with friends while enjoying your tasty beverage.  It's a great place to just grab a beer without having to wade through all the people at the much busier restaurant and brewery location.
4	They don't serve food. They have a food truck. Some days the food trucks are hit and miss. The beer is good. The service is good. Everyone is always friendly. I go there with my friends about every Sunday now. This place is our first Sunday Funday stop. The atmosphere is relaxed and quiet. The prices are very reasonable. It keeps us coming back. Looking forward to the pumpkin porter.
5	Can't really say much that hasn't been said already. Great brew with great service.
4	Stopped by the tasting room last night with a group of nine and had a great experience. While I do love Four Peaks on 8th, it can sometimes be so crowded with college folks that it becomes annoying, and if last night was any indicator of the general crowd of the tasting room, I'll be trekking over here fairly regularly. They only serve beer and wine, all of Four Peaks' brews plus a guest tap or two and whatever concoction Four Peaks is currently working on, so you need to know that you like their stuff, plus no food, so bring your own. But in terms of it being a relaxed atmosphere to put down a few and enjoy company in peace, it's the place to be. You'll find me here from time to time playing Elder Sign or some other nerdy game for sure.
5	Whenever I'm in the Tempe/Phoenix metro area, having a beer from Four Peaks is a must. While attending classes at ASU, the Four Peaks restaurant on 8th street was a common place to be...but that was also the case for most of the rest of ASU and Tempe.While at the tasting room the other night, it was quickly very apparent that the word "packed" won't soon describe this establishment. I was with a group of 8-10 and we were half (if not three-quarters) of the population in attendance.The vibe of the room is very low-key, and because no food is served in-house, it makes for a more subdued atmosphere where people can sit, drink, and talk. All of the standard four-peaks beers are in attendance, and a giant viewing window allows for a clear view into the brewing/bottling facility attached to the room. Don't worry though, a food-truck is usually outside for when a munch-attack ma ensue. I will definitely make this place a regular spot when I move back to Tempe.
5	Ended up here with a large group for a birthday party stop and I'm glad I did.  I would have never thought "hey, i should go drinking in an industrial park in Tempe" on my own.  After we all got done commmenting on "where are we and are we going to be murdered?" we went inside and discovered a very cool spot.  There is a large bar with open windows to the brewery's production facilities which is a great backdrop.  The rest of the of the tasting room has about 15-20 tables and stacks of board games for everyone to enjoy which was awesome.  The whole room was engaged in their games.  The beers available are obviously limited to the Four Peaks varieties and for food they had a featured food truck setup outside which was nice.  This is definitely a spot I'll take out of towners to in the future.
5	Great set-up here in the new Four Peaks Tasting Room. I can't wait for better weather so we can sit outside. The Food Truck idea is awesome and the beer is just as good as it always is. I love the ambience here with the lovely tables, games to play, and enough TV's to keep us busy. Service couldn't have been better  -  thanks so much!!
4	Great brewery. And I do mean brewery. This isn't a restaurant with a mini-brewery attached; this is a by-God working brewery that happens to have a tasting room attached. The beers were awesome!! On the night I was there they had a gourmet BBQ truck parked out front. Make sure you bring a GPS as this place is buried in an industrial park. Definitely worth the trip!!!
4	A great place to drink quality beer, get a beer education, hang with friends, and receive quality service. What a great place to hang! We took the brewery tour to learn more about what we were drinking and the passion and process behind it and also chatted with Matt and Melissa who are so sweet. We left with big smiles and 3 6-packs. It's great to be able to take some pumpkin porter home for the holidays. Cheers and much respect four peaks!
4	Still doing good and wanted to update my review to say they are doing a great job at bringing in really good food trucks.  Lacks thge atmosphere of the 8th Street brewery location but has good beer, is quiet and climate controlled year round.
5	A variety of delicious beers, friendly staff and a not too busy atmosphere. What more could you want? Oh, you're hungry? Yeah, well, there's a food truck outside too! This tasting room is seriously the only thing from our whole weekend in the Phoenix area that made me sad that I'm not a local.We came in the night before the Rock and Roll Half Marathon with the intent of having a beer each... and then ended up trying pretty much everything they offer because it was so affordable, everything was tasty and we just didn't want to leave. I drank MANY IPAs over the years I lived in Seattle and I think their American IPA is one of my favorites - heavy on the hops without being too citrusy. I definitely woke up the next morning thinking I should have had more water and less beer the previous evening but beer has carbs, which must be good for running, right?They had a couple of TVs and tons of board games, along with a little outside area to sit. We opted for outside and because it's in a business park it was super quiet, which was perfect and not what you expect for going out on a Saturday evening for a beer. Four Peaks, you're my favorite thing in all of Arizona for sure!
5	Just made a visit here over the weekend for the Blues and Beers festival.  I was totally amazed!  Maybe because of the great blues music, maybe because of the cool scene and friendly people, or the fact that I got to try some amazing Four Peaks specialty beers on tap!  First off, this place is huge!  Four Peaks has increased their production of beer by opening up this location.  It's super cool to see a local brewery grow like Four Peaks.  As for the actual tasting room, really cool.  There are tables inside and a nice sized bar top.  Behind the bar are large windows that showcase the giant beer tanks.  I could totally sit at the bar and have a beer and watch people at work making beer.  Awesome.I wish Four Peaks would have their special beer serving all of the time.  I ended up having a Diablo Rojo at 9.2%, was a great red beer.  I also had a Double Knot, 9% imperial IPA.  Amazing, really didn't taste that strong.  Lastly I sampled a Sirius Black, 9%.  Now that tasted very strong so that wasn't my favorite.  Overall I'm glad I got a chance to taste some amazing beers!
5	Four peaks has been one of my favorite brewery's around for quite some time. They have a wonderful selection of regular beers, and killer seasonal beers. They were having a blue grass and BBQ event at their tasting room, and it was a blast! The tasting room is just a bar built into their brewery. So you know your getting the freshest beer possible. Reasonably price, and wonderful service. When there isn't a special event going on like the BBQ festival they have rotating food trucks in the parking lot, you can see the line up on the website. If your a fan of good beer, this is a must try.
5	I ubered or did I lyft...can't remember...a couple guys who are associated with four peaks (kitchen manager?) and another who is now at wilderness. If the rest of the staff are as personable and fun as these guys than this has got to be a winning place...besides Four Peaks mesa has always been top notch.Tam
4	Nice guest beer selection. Four peaks is delicious
4	The most significant part of my visit to the tasting room was how few people were there compared to the main location. That's not a complaint -- getting a Four Peaks beer without fighting a crowd is a plus in my book. I also appreciated that they have guest beers to try and a food truck out front. I'd give five stars, but the employees that were there that night did take more time than I'd like to come by our table and check on us when I was low on water and beer. Here's a strange side note that is either fun or horrible, depending on your perspective: the window that is across from you as you walk into the entrance is like a funhouse mirror -- the kind that makes you look twice as wide as you are. Like I said, that's either fun or horrible... or maybe both.
4	I've been there at least 5 times. The decor is perfect to give you that more adult, higher class beer tasting room feel. The staff is always friendly. The beers are great. You should definitely get the sampler. It's not terribly expensive, and It will give you a good idea of what 4 peaks range of beers taste like. Make sure you share it though. Unless you like pounding beer , the ones you're not drinking will be warm by the time you get to them.It's a cool spot. Trust me. Go there. You'll like it.
5	Sat at the bar and was welcome with a smile and asked if we needed a drink right away and was handed us food menus. And said we said "yes, we did need drinks." Bartender pointed to the large beer menu on the wall, quickly glanced and saw 6% Kilt Lifter and she said it was a Scottish style Ale and was amazing. We got a late night menu which was mostly appetizers. We saw everything from nachos, wings, chicken strips, hummus. We ordered a pitcher of kilt lifter which tasted amazing. Then we proceeded to order off the late night menu. We got the chicken strips and nachos with chicken. WOW!!! A mountain of nachos came followed by some nice and crispy chicken strips with steak fry's. A true hearty late night meal. Left satisfied and wanting more. They did mention they are doing summer hours and close at 1am but the bar area was still packed. They are doing something right. We will be back.
4	There is no kitchen.  They have rotating food trucks.  They also have guest beers.  One can get their growler filled whilst they are here.  Or, this fine establishment will be more than happy to sell you some tasty malt beverages...to go.
4	Oktoberfest holds their annual liquor licensing for the tents here and allows volunteers to taste the first tapped pumpkin ale of the season. It's a hidden gem in the industrial sector of Tempe with great service and lots of tasty beverages!
4	Still doing a decent job and much less crowded than the 8th street location. Wish they would have their own food as the food trucks are getting a little old.
5	Great beer! Great service!!! During the week fun food trucks and always a great choice of "guest beers"
2	Pumpkin porter was okay . Tastes like they changed the recipe. We got the classic Italiano pizza and honestly I've had better frozen pizzas . I would not recommend this pizza to anyone . Server was friendly. Atmosphere was great . The raj is what gave this review an extra star .
5	Sneak Peaks! Or Secret Four Peaks. ;) We are obsessed with this place. I am not a big fan of the regular Four Peaks.. It is always SO loud and way too crowded. The tasting room is perfect. They have the best beer, what else do you need? Food trucks are usually pretty good. The bartenders are the best. We've spent many a night here hanging out playing games. You can bring your own! Sports games on the big tvs. Oh and they do special cask brews all the time that are delish.Overall, A++++++
5	I love the laid back atmosphere of this tasting room.  It reminds me of some of the tasting rooms we've been to in Oregon.  There are huge TV's that are great to watch football on and the bar wraps all the way around the back and side wall of the room.  They had a Hawaiian food truck outside when we visited and the smell was to die for.  They opened at 5pm, so it'd be great to come for a few drinks and bring in your dinner from the food truck.  There are windows behind the bar that look into the innards of the brewing operations.  It's nice to have fermenters as the view as you drink down a cold one.
3	I wanted to like this place, really. Kilt lifter is the most popular craft brew in Arizona ... the reason being you can find it everywhere, not because it's super amazing.  Bottom line is I didn't super love any of the beers I had, and the pub as well as the brewery has all the ambiance of a warehouse district. Sterile and impersonal. The tour, however, was very cool and informative, but I didn't want to stick around for any more drinks when it was done.
5	The Tasting Room gets 5 stars because the employees were really helpful and accommodating when we came in with a party of about 12 and there weren't tables available close to each other.  They rearranged their setup and helped us pull two tables together.They also split all our checks with no hassle. Great service and I will be back!Oh FYI they take reservations -- which I will be making next time I come with a big group.
5	Was great, but tried to go today and it's closed! It says they are converting it to an event room.
4	****UPDATE**** this place is now closed for drinks and food trucks.  it has been converted to a local beer educational space -- whatever that means!  so DO NOT COME HERE anymore for drinks and food
3	The good news is that their homebrews on tap are only $4.75 a pint, the bad news is that their beer tastes very average.  The tasting room is more like a sports bar, bright screen and bright lights in your face kind of thing.  Not my scene and my citrus ale was bland and I didn't even want to finish it after the initial few sips.  The service is ok and the place is spacious, I think this is more of a place for a bunch of guys to watch sports.Such a disappointment based on the reviews but just meh.
5	I love this place! It is my favorite of all the Four Peaks locations... By far! I am so sad to hear that it is no longer open to the masses as a bar... But instead for tours of the brewery only.
