5	***************UPDATE************they won their law suit and dancing is now allowed at San Tan Flats ... GOOD FOR THEM and shame on the idiots that were fighting them so hard .... don't you guys got better stuff to be wasting our tax dollars on then a contributing member of our community????  SHAME ON THE LAW MAKERS OF PINAL COUNTY FOR DRAGGING THIS ON SO LONG!!!!!The best place to get a "burger" in Queen Creek where dancing is not allowed.  Yea, get this - Dancing is banned outside in Pinal County.  Can you believe we got a modern day "Footloose" in Queen Creek Arizona?  All we are missing is Kevin Bacon.Back to San Tan Flats - this is the funnest place to eat in all of Queen Creek.  They got plasmas to watch the game, and amazing food and huge running room for the kids to play and (not dance).  GO THERE IF YOU HAVE BEEN THINKING ABOUT IT!
4	One of my top ten embarrassing moments happened here one evening.  I agreed to meet a blind date here.   There was a ton of road construction with detours signs and flashing lights.  It seemed darker than dark in Queen Creek.   I really don't know that area and couldn't read any of the street signs.   My Secret deodorant was working full time.  I was getting NERVOUS.  Missed the real parking lot and got my little car stuck in the dirt NEAR the parking lot.   Some random cowboy got my car out.    Great first impression right.   Well, the cowboy was very sweet.   At least this restaurant is fun.   Rib Eye Steak was great with San Tan  secret seasoning.   (If they told us what was in it, they would have to kill us)    The outside patio is what I like most.  Something different.   It is like camping but cleaner.   There is live music and dancing.   This is a popular motorcycle enthusiast destination.
4	Went out wiith hubby and two great friends to Sat to San Tan Flat. I am going to give 4 stars because I am  definitely a fan of this place. I love the fun atmosphere. I love the live music. I also love that it is close to my house. The owner is awesome, could not meet a nicer guy and normally I like most of the staff as well. The last couple visits though, Sat included my visit has not been as enjoyable as it used to be. For those that do not know me, just trust me when I say that I am anything but a hard to please person. I am a very friendly  person as well . I don't know why but the last couple visits the staff there has just not been very friendly. I ordered a drink from the bar and the girl there that took my order did not smile or even look up hardly when I smiled and  ordered a margarita on the rocks with extra salt.I then thought oh maybe she is just distracted so I smiled again and said Thankyou  and she still barely looked up and said mm hmm in a sort of annoyed tone.Even at checkout(we had a tab) she was her unfriendly self.The other bar tender I noticed with other people was not much better. My husband even tipped her well, against my advice since the drinks were lousy. My friends and hubby had beer. Normally I order margaritas they are my fave. The drink was not so good and at $8 a drink it should not taste like it is watered lemonade. I ordered a second thinking maybe it will be better second time. Nope still the same. Maybe the owner needs to talk to his people about the service and the drinks.(I also recall every awesome drink I have ever had he has been there)One of the things I have always liked about the place is that is seems like a good hangout.I am from Oklahoma where everyone is your friend until you give them a reason not to be.I don't like snotty bars. I like real fun friendly places. We love this place though hopefully things will go back to what they used to be
1	Wow.  I'm surprised by the eager 4 and 5 star reviews of this place.  Flat out, this place scares and horrifies me.  For many reasons.  Mostly because when any number of my in-laws pick a place to go, it's either this place or Serranos (see my other review)... friendly game of Russian Roulette, anyone?The other main reason I hate this place is the fact that I have to shower when I get home.  The whole family congregates in the laundry room and we all strip.  We leave everything piled in the stench of burnt food and smoking wood and we take showers to get rid of it.  There is nothing worse than your pillow the morning after San Tan Flat if you failed to take a shower when you got home.I don't understand the whole stand in line to order thing.  Is it a sit-down restaurant?  Yes.  If you eat inside and can actually get a table.  Is it a "fast-casual" like Pei Wei?  Kinda.  You stand in line, but no one brings you your food.  So really it's fast food?  You place your order and go get it when your number is called?  Yeah.  But it's a steak and it is ANYTHING but fast.  Speed alone (or lack thereof) is reason enough to stay away.  I don't wait for food.  I don't care how good it is, a wait this long is unacceptable.  Oh, but it's not even good, I forgot to mention.  Actually, my husband and my food came out quickly (20 minutes - and we ordered steaks) - everyone else in the extended family ordered burgers - OVER AN HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTE WAIT -- FOR A BURGER!!!  Did I mention the food's not that good?  And half the menu is very over-priced.  They should stick to the cheap stuff: it is all anyone orders anyway as evidenced by the run on burgers that caused oppressive delays.Then there is the salad bar -  I'm surprised it passes health code.  See those tongs that are laying ON TOP of the lettuce?  You do realize that everyone else in the place has had their greasy little paws on that handle that is in direct contact with the pile of lettuce?  icky poo.And then there are the fire pits.  Has OSHA been here?  Good God, this is such an accident waiting to happen.  It is SO friggin' dark out there, there are all these raging fire pits, kids running everywhere, all these odd obstructions that are 'ambiance' - barrels, wheelbarrows, just waiting to be tripped over.  Did I mention a young woman was taken from this place (some say kidnapped is a better word) and killed?  That's not on the advertisements, is it?Another ugh from me.  What a great concept gone horribly awry.  Queen Creek, how you need some great restaurants.  More power to those of you who love it, but next time the in-laws schedule a get together here, I'm calling in sick.
5	Campfires, Steaks and Country Music...Well, I can do without the country music, but this place DOES set the mood for a 'home on the range' party.  I recently went here with my wife and her siblings and I was shocked.  I didn't know a place like this existed!Basically, it is a few buildings placed in a huge circle.  In the middle is where you eat and have campfires and party it up!  Picnic tables are randomly placed all over, and a huge stage is set in the middle.  This place is open VERY late and is great for groups.What makes this place so great? Fire! No I'm not a pyromaniac, but you go and get wood from a HUGE pile, you start a campfire in their metal ring pits, and then you go buy 'smores kits'... Yeah you heard me.  SMORES!  Smores and a full bar.  Could it get any better? Well, yes. actually. it can.The food here is amazing.  I ordered a huge T-Bone steak and it was delicious.  It comes with salad, bread, and a couple of sides.  It was cooked perfectly and the quality of the meat was outstanding.For originality, rugged location, and beautiful food, I highly recommend this place.
3	I loved the atmosphere and the food was good.  I used to live out there - so that was the only place to get a nice steak. BUT - and there is a BIG BUT, if you want to get a steak for lunch (prior to 4pm) - you can't!  It's not on the menu.I asked the waitress if this was a "steak house" and she said yes.  I corrected her and said "It is a steak house - part of the day!"If I go to a steak house for steak, I should be able to get a steak ......day or night.... Right?
4	One of my favorite places in Queen Creek (but then again there really aren't any other sit down places). The Flatiron is a great value at $10 for a steak, compared to other options. To be honest the salad is a bit scary. Kind of like a house salad from a lunch wagon. I would love to sit around the camp fire one slightly chilly night with a bag of marshmellows. Maybe soon. Ther service has always been good for me.
4	Good food.  Good Music.  Good Atmosphere.  AND now its legal to dance.  Could you as for more?
4	Grr, I wish there was an "uncool" button we can click for reviews.  Cause some of the reviews below are definitely "uncool."  San Tan Flat isn't hoity-toity, it doesn't cater to the myriad of demands that people have.  But what it does have should, and definitely is (at least by me), be appreciated on its own merits, and boy does it have plenty.  My hiking partner and I wandered in after a long half-day of hiking the San Tan Mts (sure they look small... but we're also out of shape :-) ).  Ordering at one window makes a certain financial sense for the owners... no masses of waitstaff to spend money on (esp for how many people the place could accommodate).  While waiting for our food, we wandered outside to the amazing Arizona weather (this was not summer obviously) and spent a little time exploring the place.  There was a room reserved for reservations, a open-air room(?) with pool tables, bar facing the outside with saddles as chairs, and a ton of grills for people who order the "S'mores kit".  The only reason I'm not giving San Tan Flat 5 stars is b/c of the food.  Obviously the food wasn't awful, but I think they could spend a little more time teaching some of the chefs what the difference between a little overcooked and a lot burnt is....    For the most part, the food satisfied my happy, tired body.  My burger was smothered (as requested and for $1 each) with grilled onions and mushrooms, then personalized by myself with the right amount of onions, tomatoes and lettuce.  My hiking partner was too fascinated with how I could possibly fit all of it in my mouth to start on his food.  I did... messily.  He ordered the breaded steak with potato cakes.  The breaded steak was truly unexpected.  It wasn't a treat, b/c it wasn't nearly as delicious as my burger, but it was different.  Little nuggets of meat, breaded and dunked in boiling oil looked like... well, little unappetizing nuggets of meat.  It's the color I think.  I wonder if I could convince them to somehow dye their nuggets a warm tan, or perhaps a nice peach color.  [Note to all: fantastic restaurant idea--dye your food!!!]The potato cakes were amazing.  They were little loaded potato patties, again deep fried.  I'm sure they count as thrice-cooked potatoes or something of the like.As a side note on the patrons.  While we were there, a tiny motorcycle group wandered in, and they draped more leather over a spindly little tree than my apt has ever seen in its lifetime.  And oh yeah, there were other people too.I can't wait to drive the 40 miles or so back to try some more of the food!  (No sarcasm, seriously)
5	We've been here several times in the past few months and have always sat on the outdoor patio and enjoyed their walk up food service.  Our whole family (toddler, 7 yr. old, teenager) loves this place.  We love the flat iron steaks, burgers and fried zucchini and enjoy roasting marshmallows for desert. The water is a RIP OFF though, they charge for the cup - $2.50!  (next time we're bringing in our one water for the kids....)  Sunday night - is not very busy - we enjoy those nights the most.
1	Terrible. Go at your own risk. Had an issue with another guest shouting at my kids. Management and owner did nothing. They don't care about customers. Awful place.  Go if you are up for an unsafe environment with poor service by owners who simply don't care.
5	San Tan Flat Cowboy up!My wife and I found this place when we were exploring in queen creek and I thought it looked very interesting. You can if a place has good food by how long its been open, and this place has been open for a long time. A cowboy theme with firepits for the kids to roast your own marshmellows and S'mores you can purchase a complete kit with long iron sticks Its very family friendly open area. The kitchen as I used to be a cook is near the back and when I looked it looked clean and the staff looked polished. There is straw on the ceiling (yes I'm serious) which my children look at all night. Also cowboy and farm tools are hanging on the way which was very interesting to a 2 and 4 year old. I ordered the BBQ ribs and the roll and corned cream that came with it was excellent, so good my daughter ate my creamed corn too. My wife had the lobster tail and steamed vegetables and our kids decided that they were not going eat the chicken fingers we ordered for the because our food was so good. 1. Its loud in there it was a Friday night it was packed and the table are turned over every 45 mins I could count. 2. Yes there are screaming kids running around. If another parent yells at your child what did they do to deserve it. If nothing than have the spine to stand up for your kids even if it is in public. 3. Unsafe environment? Only if your NOT watching your kids, 4. People were getting read to dance which I am a big supporter of.5. If your food is bad "YOU SEND IT BACK" again this goes back to having a spine. If you are dining with other people this sends them a  message to other people I want what I pay for. 6. The wait staff was johnny on the spot for service and my drink was never at the bottom. Will I go back sure I will, but it will be when the kids are more rested for the marshmellows.
2	The Flat food is just okay. The best deal is the flat iron steak for under $ 10.00, but the rest of the menu and drinks is way over price for what you're getting. As more dining places come to Queen Creek area this place will be less attractive.Pro: Flat Iron Steak, Pit Fires, Dancing, etcCon: Overprice menu and drinks prices for the local area, and depending on time to many kids.        Bartenders need to be more friendly and smile.        Customer service is missing needs work
5	Love it! Maybe I'm a sucker for AZ touristy places, but San Tan Flat is so Southwest cowboy to me. I want to wear a cowboy hat and sit there all night. It's like the campgrounds I went to as a kid. Camping without sleeping in a tent. Perfect! Roasting marshmallows, bonfires, country music, dancing, decent food - I would definitely come back - on horseback even :) We all got burgers, and after a couple beers, I wish I would have split one with someone. Tasted good, and since we ate pretty much in the dark (on a picnic table), I have no idea how medium/medium well it was cooked. And, they have potato cakes. A must! Definitely one of the highlights on my trips to AZ.
4	Love the nite time atmosphere around the campfire! Good food, great friends and a stress free nite by the campfire.
5	I went here with my Arizona friends K and L and their daughter J. I loved the atmosphere. Bonfires were blazing and at first it seemed like a big campfire. Although the fires were to large, I envisioned a wagon train stopped for the night. buildings, now wagons in my mind, circled the camp. We did eat inside at a table, and I enjoyed the following. A Flat Iron Steak dinner: I asked for my steak rare, and that was what they brought to the table, a rare, tender and very tasty steak. The cream corn they served was best I've ever had. I chose the potato patties, they were lightly fried and not a bit greasy. The house Merlot was also good.
5	Imagine a warm desert night, cold beer, live country music, families dancing and marshmallows roasting. I love it here.
4	Excellent. I ordered a NY Steak (medium rare) with mash potatoes and cream corn. Superb. Service was outstanding. Atmosphere? Totally unique - see other reviews for details. I have nothing to add. We drove 20 miles to eat here and I'd do it again.
5	I recently went with my family to this establishment.  We enjoyed a wonderful steak, very tender, I tried the potato pancakes which were great and loved the cream corn.  The atmosphere was western and rustic and fun.  It looked like all the fun happens outback with multiple picnic tables, campfires and a place for a live band.  I will certainly be taking more of my friends and family back to this place, which is also close to some beautiful views of the mountains.
4	Good food, drinks, live music and campfires.  Great family restaurant.
4	This is one of the coolest places I have been to. Great food, great atmosphere. Even the live music was good even though I am no big fan of Country.Potato cakes are amazing, Prices are reasonable. Be ready to wait in line on busy evenings, but it is worth wait.
4	very awesome place if youre from out of town like myself! very fun! great music! great food! good staff... every time i go out to arizona, this is definitely a place i visit! pool tables, arcade, music stage, full bar, firepits for warmth and roasting marshmellows (which they sell at the bar) all in all, a very cool place to try! go for it!
2	maybe we went on a night when it was just really super crowded, but this place was crazy. even parking was a mess, and there is a ton of parking. i felt like i had left arizona and had been transported to texas. and like i had walked into a big huge family reunion. lol. there were 8 of us total in our group. 6 adults and 2 kids. we found a table but the line to get food was ridiculous. also everyone around us didnt have food either. instead they had alcohol, which is what i was definitely gonna need if we had stayed. we stayed maybe like 10 mins then left to go to Serranos because it was too crazy. sorry san tan flats
2	Long before I was YELPING (is that really a verb?) I went to this establishment. I must confess that I really did not remember the experience. So with family in town, we decided to try it again. Before going, I read the reviews, I found myself confused with the mixed reviews. But after our experience, I now understand. This restaurant is for Atmosphere only!!! If you want a good dinner or good steak, go somewhere else. Now there are two ways to eat at this establishment: First--- Go to the sit down restaurant portion. Order from menu. Have food delivered like normal. Second-- Sit out at patio yard in back. To get food, you must go to walk up window, order and have food brought out. I am not sure if menu for this is the same for restaurant or not?? Now tonight, the Saturday before Easter we went to dinner. Figuring that it would be busy, we tried to go early, 5:00. But getting there about 30 minutes late, found that the parking lot was already very full and patio area was packed. Still having some lucky family genes, we found a parking spot right in front and were able to get seated at table in restaurant side immediately. 5 minutes later, I don't think we would have been that lucky... So when you see the reviews about parking and long waits, I understand their frustrations. Three of the four ordered Rib Eye steaks. The fourth a Jack Daniels Chicken. It is pretty tough to screw up a chicken breast so can't comment on that. However, the Rib Eye... Not worth the $18 price tag. Very POOR piece of meat and not cooked very well. I was up sold on the mushrooms, which were served on top. This did nothing to cover the poor quality of meat and poor cooking. Now I fancy myself a pretty good cook. I make a mean breakfast, do well on dinners, and do very well on the grill. So anytime I find myself thinking that I can do better at home, I know the food is not very good.... Service was average. Not sure the waitress even gave us her name. And was clearly too busy, with too many tables to provide quality attention. Maybe on a different night when things are not as busy, it might be better. But if the cut of meat is the same quality, I don't care what you do to it, how good your service person is, or how many mushrooms you put on top, it will still taste bad.  It will never be worth the $18 price. Three steak dinners, one chicken dinner one alcoholic drink for each, no dessert... Total bill $118.00 including tip... NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!I am sure the patio atmosphere would be very fun! Fires in pits, roasted marshmallows, and often times live music. So if you are looking for fun place to go with friends to enjoy an evening under stars, this might be the place. Want a good steak or other type meal... Go somewhere else...
2	We went here for lunch and while the atmosphere was neat, the rest of it was so-so to not so great. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything extraordinary by any means either. The worst of it, though, was the service. Or I should say lack of service.First of all, we had to go up to the bar to order...now if there's just a few people that might not be so bad but more than that it's confusing. Second, the "waitress" (I use that term loosely since she really didn't do anything) was rude, acting like we were bothering her. She tells you that she will call your name when  your order is complete...they don't even bring it out to you (keep in mind this place is set up like a restaurant, not a cafeteria). So the first of our party goes and gets their drinks and goes back outside to sit and wait, and while I"m getting my drink I hear the first names of my party being called--but the music never turned off so there was no way they'd hear it outside (or inside for that matter). So I decide to just stand inside and wait. and wait. and wait. Finally, my food comes up, but the "waitress" just kind of shoves it at me like "get out of here, you're holding up the line."  After that it wasn't bad as we had our food and was paid up and everything, but until we actually got the food it was not a great experience. I'm sure the restaurant is trying to cut costs during this tough time, but there is such a thing as cutting back too far, and San Tan Flat certainly crossed that line. If you want to go to a place based solely on atmosphere, then you will love San Tan Flat, but if you actually want even decent service, I don't recommend this place.
4	Dust off your chaps, clean the poop off your boots, brush that ten gallon hat and head on down to another unique Queen Creek Eatery. What a great atmosphere! Indoors & outdoors, mabey the coolest patio I've ever seen!  A few good craft beers on tap, steaks/BBQ to die for and a great time watching old cowboys/girls doing terribly funny dances. Truly  worth the trip and a great night out! Get there before happy hour ends and the prices are reasonable as well.
3	This place is fun and unique and somewhere you've got to go to at night.  Where else can you roast marshmallows & make smores at a bar?It's got a certain let's-capitalize-on-country-western-$h|t-loved-by-these-mid-western-transplant-cowboy-enthusiasts charm.The food varies from poor to avg. I'd only order appetizers or burgers there. If you want a good steak then go elsewhere else. This place is more of a group place and something for kids as far as eating goes. The beer is cold and there's a large bar so that keeps me coming back and it's a very good place to socialize at night.The service tends to suck but pretend you're camping and it helps. If they fired some of the bartenders & waiters I've had and replaced them with good help, I'd give them a solid 4 stars overall.Live music, dancing, fire pits, and pool tables make for plenty to do.Atmosphere = 5 starsFood = 1-3 stars (Appetizers & burgers are good, skip the big $ stuff)Service = 1-3 starsTheir website is crap.It looks like something my little sister did when she was 7 on AOL. If they paid someone to do that I'd die laughing.EDIT: Service was even worse the last time I went.Waitress got a crap tip and a note on the receipt saying "Customers are more important than Side work"
5	Modern with a country flare, San Tan Flat is a fun place to chill with close friends, roast marshmallows with the family or dance the night away with live tunes.  There are 3 bars, a room with some pool tables and a restaurant where you must try the filet.
4	I've been meaning to come here for a while, and finally had the oppurtunity last night with one of my friends.  I love these kinds of places!It's a wild west themed place, with a bar, resturant and lots of outdoor seating.  I ate in the resturant and split the sirloin tips, which were tasty! Service was wonderful, and I loved the atmosphere.  Relaxed, easygoing and fun.  Prices on drinks and food were fair, and the it was well worth the drive.I would gladly return, as I think this place is pretty unique.  I had a good time and will be back in the future!
2	Check out San Tan Flat again it been awhile since I've been here.Atmosphere = 5 starsFood = 1-2 stars skip the big $$ stuff not worth it.Service = 1-2 starsService was even worse the last time I went.Thank GOD there new places opening up in town. Nothing but a tourist trap for over price food and drinks. People do yourself a favor spend your money elsewhere.
4	Good food at a fair price...looking forward to going at night looks like it might be fun. After dark they have live music & campfires.
3	Visited San Tan Flat for the first time back in October at lunchtime. I had the Mushroom-Swiss Burger along with fries and it was excellent...much better than the burgers I have had at The Gym Grill & Bar located further down the road.I like the western atmosphere here and the smell of mesquite smoke in the air made me hungry almost immediately.I will definitely bring the family back here for dinner some night. I noticed on the menu they sell smores kits for the kids to cook over the firepits and I know they will go nuts over this.Not sure what it is like for happy hour or later at night, but I'd like to give that a go one of these days to see how it stacks up against other bars around town.Haven't really experienced some of the service issues that I see others have - but I've only been here once. Check it out - I don't think you will be disappointed with the food!
4	A little pricey for what you get,  but still is pretty good.
5	A cesspool of steak-eating, country-dancing hooligans.. and while, Kevin Bacon was nowhere to be found, I did sense a smidge of Footloose in the air.I've been to this place many times, and each time its a whole new experience! What you CAN expect when you go there, though, is a great time. If you are going there on the weekend, we found that you need to get there before 6:30pm if you don't want to stand in a riDICulous line to order.  That, and the fact that tables are scarce from 8pm on.I usually get the steak, but last time I got the Jack Daniels BBQ Chicken.  I have to say that while the chicken wasn't bad by ANY means, the steak is my preference. It comes with a few yummy sides, but make sure to get the salad bar.  Its pretty damn good for as simple as it is.This place is great to bring AZ visitors to.  It gives them the "Wild Wild West" feel that they SECRETLY want to experience when they visit, plus the live music, and inexpensive drinks makes this place a winner.  Just make sure you have a designated driver, because (unless you live out there in Queen Creek) its a long drive home!
5	This is not only my very favorite bar, but one of my favorite places period. Great live country music, a campfire, beautiful Arizona sky above with lots of stars shining. Plus you have  your choice of sitting in the lounge or restaurant area. I recommend those little fried beef bites- I like mine with ketchup.  This place is out in the middle of no-where, and every time I'm in town, stopping by is a MUST. This place would be heaven on earth for me, but stops just shy of perfection because i have to knock off a few points for the lack of eye candy.
4	Pleasantly surprised, had some friends in town  and saw this place on the drive, figured we would try it out. Very south west feel, and one of the only places i've seen that serve a "bag o marshmallows" as a desert. They let you cook them on one of their many fire pits.
4	What a cool place! Kid friendly, excellent Southwest, redneck, country atmosphere. This place would definitely be a blast November - March so you can sit outside and enjoy the fire pits, pool tables, and stage (not so much fun on a sweltering summer night). The dinner I had (fried jumbo shrimp) was reasonable quality for the price, but don't expect fine steak house quality. We had fried zucchini and pickles for apps and both were fantastic. The other dinners around the table looked great and everyone enjoyed. This is the kind of place that you could hang out and easily end up drinking way too much! Warning: lots of conservative propaganda and quotes throughout the grounds. AMERRRRICUH, F*&K YEAH!     LOL
4	Food - great tenderloin tips.  Kid meals - good prices, kids liked the food.  Atmosphere - again, cool.  Only bad experience - we wanted quarters so we could play pool, change machine not working, register said go to bar, bar said go to register.
1	If you want to drink beer and roast marshmallows then this is the place. IF you want a nice dinner and a decent mixed drink then GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. The food is ok as long as you stay with the bar food stuff, There high dollar food is a joke (Stay Away). As far as drinks go if you stick with beer you are good, If you are into a good mixed drink then you are in trouble they have no idea how to make drinks here and charge $7.50 for a watered down Margarita that has a 1/2 shot of booze (SAD). They measure there drinks and for that price they really need to get a real bartender there.. All in all if you just want some cheese sticks and a beer and have some cowboy atmosphere then this is the place. If you are trying to impress a date then go somewhere else and have a mush better experience.. My bottom line is this is a overpriced BEER BAR.. I paid $11.00 for 1 crappy margarita and a beer in plastic cups..... WEAK
5	Love, love, love this place! Every time I have family visiting I always take them here. The food is great, the atmosphere is amazing. What a great and original idea.  It is pretty far out of town so plan to spend the evening there. LOVE IT!
5	There is nothing bad to say about this place. If you go definitely sit outside though. I never understand why I see people indoors! The food is always amazing, the atmosphere is unrivaled. The kids can run around outside, make smores, grill hot dogs. Theres pool tables, and usually (not starting too late which is awesome for those of us who can't be out all night) they have an awesome live band with a dance floor with some really fun couples out there having the time of their lives entertaining the rest of us who can't dance. Mike Easterday usually plays and he's just a man with a guitar but he has a great music selection and an awesome voice. If you haven't gone make a point to, I guarantee you'll be back,
5	Just an ol boy from Dallas who happens to like a good filet cooked med rare and got one there. My wife and i also like their chicken fingers. the batter is good and light and dip excellant also. Service was good and not lacking for anything. If you didn t have a good time or didn t like your food go to Burger King, i m sure the creepy king will serve your sorry complaining arse for sure.  Best place in Queen Creek.
2	Very disappointing! Service was very slow, food was over priced and not to order. I ordered a baked potato 'fully loaded', once the meal got there, I asked about the bacon and was told that was another $.50. I passed.I filled out their comment card and am currently waiting their response...... (crickets).Not worth the price to eat there. We may go back for the band and drinks. Need a real Steak House in the San Tan Valley!!
1	Nice place. Sat outside for ten minutes with no service, stood at bar for 5 minutes with no service. Place was kinda dead so it was a little surprising but it does appear to be a learning sort of place based on the bartenders abilities. Used to Oregon service I guess but it would be a good place to go if your not hungry or thirsty. Nice family atmosphere.
4	Loved it, loved it, loved it.The last time I was in Arizona we took a walk through but there wasn't a seat to be had anywhere.  The lesson learned is if you want a prime spot with your own open fire you must arrive early.We arrived at 530pm on a Tuesday and immediately scored a table next to a fire-barrel.  A quick trip to the wood pile and we were ready to go... we started our fire girlscout-style.  Huffing and puffing, choking on smoke and cursing our malfunctioning lighter, we finally got the damn fire lit.  At that moment, a friendly employee happened by with a blow torch and asked us if we needed a hand.  Er, thanks but we're good.  We then watched condescendingly as our neighbours took the easy route...If you want to eat outside you must go in and order your food from the order window.  We went straight up and managed to avoid the line-up which formed quickly after that.  By 7pm the line was about 40 hungry people... gazing longingly at our baskets of food as they shuffled slowly by.The food was a solid 7.5/10.  Definitely order the steak... I ordered the chicken and realized there's a reason it's called a STEAK-house.  It was edible, but not memorable.  I stole a few bites of steak from random family members, and highly recommend the striploin.  The homemade cream-style corn was beyond belief... my mouth waters even now as I recall it's creamy, corn-y deliciousness...  The potato cakes were also a big W.I.N.!The high point, for sure, was the open fire(s) and community atmosphere outside.  It was sweet relief to be around a crowd my own age, as AZ is known for it's robust (maybe the wrong word here) seniors population, and I had just spent a week in the company of my elders.To sum up, and as others have said... how can you beat a restaurant where you can make your own smores??My only criticisms are the following:1.  You can only order two drinks (alcoholic or otherwise) at the bar, at a time.  We had a table of 4 so that was a royal pain.2.  The aforementioned BBQ chicken.3.  No live music on the night we went... but that was simply poor planning on our part.IF you do this restaurant correctly, you WILL get your hands dirty, and you WILL smell like smoke, and you will PROBABLY get gooey marshmallow somewhere on your face.  Personally, I love this... but it's not for everyone.  If this is not your thing, maybe try The Outback (which, incidentally, is nothing at all like the real outback).Also, consider bringing a blanket and your own marshmallows.  Roasting sticks are provided!
5	What a great place. Dancing under the stars and sitting by the fire lots of fun for the whole family.
1	I went here for lunch today with my hubby and 3 year old son. The service was terrible! They need to withhold the bar tenders tips for awhile and save them to send her to charm school. The food was terrible and expensive for the quality! My 3 year old who eats everything, refused to eat his lunch because it was "nasty"...They make you pre-pay for your food so have fun trying to get a refund! In fact the bar tender/ crappy waitress, laughed in my husband's face when he said the food was not good. I will NEVER be going back there again. Which is too bad because the decor and outdoor area seems like a lot of fun, but I am not in the habit of giving my hard earned money away to those who don't seem to want it!
4	This will be an interesting post as I'm torn. I really enjoy going to San Tan Flats it's not terribly far from my house and it definitely a unique dining experience. But so much has changed since we started going about four years ago. We started eating here when it was controversial - the neighbors wanted them shut down, really because of the noise but they found an old law that outlawed dancing outside. Back then it was a fun, grateful for you to be here, outlaw place. We would order the Flatiron steak that would come with creamed corn, baked potato, roll with butter and a dinner salad for 9.99.  Then the threat of closure stopped. The salad no longer came with the meal and now cost $1.99. Then the butter wasn't on the platter. Then the steak cost 10.99, 11.99 and now $12.99 and the salad $2.99. I get inflation and not being the best at math I believe that is nearly 60% markup in three years? Wow.Enough of that - let's talk about the atmosphere. It's a cowboy joint for sure. Huge outside courtyard with western town like store fronts, many picnic tables most with a big fire pit. Nothing is reserved who ever gets to the table first wins. As we experienced last week - the girls in the other party outran our boys. We had to play table swap throughout the night to finally get a table with a fire pit. In the center of the courtyard is a big dance floor in front of the stage. Music is play at all times - live bands typically after 8pm.There is indoor seating but why? The food's not that good - that's not what this is about. No table service outside. You try and find a table as someone in your party goes and stands in line. SLLLLOOOWWWW line. Someone in your party must get the person in line a beer or else they will dehydrate, quickly. You can get  32oz of beer at one time for one person - no more. So take someone with you to get the booze. By now you have (hopefully) found a table with a fire pit and the sun is setting. Hopefully you have seen the menu and put in your order, (or texted it to the person  standing in line for you) visited the salad bar which is actually really good. Gathered your plastic utensils, napkins and salt and pepper and headed to your table. The kids are having a blast running, gathering wood and dumping the wood in the fire pits everywhere - it's getting very dusty and smoky and for those with their backs to the fire really hot! The food doesn't come out to you, you have to keep your eye on the number system and go pick it up. You get it on a huge metal platter and the plates are smaller metal platters. You get a decent steak knife to use with a steak. Now it is dark and you realize it's really dark and you have no idea what is on your fork going into your mouth. But it tastes very good until you try to eat the stem of your yellow pepper in the salad. Spit it out on the dirt ground - no one cares. I've seen some smart people bring camping lanterns for their table. Brilliant!Dinner is over - did you bring marshmallows? If not go get them from the bar. The metal spears are hanging from the wood beams outside the bar. If you brought your own and the rest of the s'mores makings have fun! This sounds family friendly right? It almost is but know it's a hard-core cowboy bar too. In the summer all the bars are open with additional stands. Lots of cigarette smoking without thought to those who are sensitive to it. Doormen (bouncers) and lots of police patrols. We went at 6:30 on a Monday recently (February) and it was less bar more snowbird after golf activity. You definitely need a shower when you get home and need to make a special pile for all the clothes and shoes you wore as you and everything on you is smoky, smelly and dusty!In the end, I really like it but somewhat resent the price increases and I could definitely see why some would not care for it.
5	This place is a fun and great place to go to! The burgers are the best around... Just one thing this is a cowboy bar and it does get loud. but fun for the kids too A+
4	Pretty cool place.  The food was good and we all had a great time.  The kids loved making smores after dinner.  Be sure to bring your supplies.  I am glad that we went with others that had been there before as we would have been lost.  You do have to wait in a long line to place your order, but the food comes out pretty fast.The one thing that bothered me was having people swarm over your table while you are still trying to enjoy your evening.
5	What an amazing experience. So the ambience in the dining room was one of a kind. You would sit there with the smell of the campfire rolling in the dining room. I ordered the ribeye which was 7/10 and my wife had the salad bar (which was really fresh). After good discussion we ordered the s'mores kit and headed outside to find a fire pit. Amazing time cooking s'mores with the kid, and listening to great live country music. Ended up getting kicked out by security because no one is allowed outside after 11 because it turns into a bar. Regardless, what an amazing place and I'm making sure to bring all my friends from Wisconsin here because it is a down right her haw good ole time.
4	If you love antiques from the wild west and a good hang out, this is the place for you. STF is such a cool, unique place, especially being out in the middle of nowhere. I've eaten here several times, and the food has always been good...nothing spectacular, but not disappointing. Service has been pretty good most times, but when it is crazy busy it drops off a little (I guess that's to be expected, right?). The main draw is the outdoor bar area behind the main restaurant, where numerous tables and fire pits are set up around a stage area (country music performers are there every weekend night). From my experiences here, if you want to eat in a decent amount of time, get a table inside with a server. If you're not in a rush, eat outside, but you're on your own getting your food from the pick-up window inside (kind of weird and not a ton of space, but it works). It's definitely a one-of-a-kind establishment...if you for some reason find yourself in Queen Creek, check it out.
5	I love this place. Such a great atmosphere and live music on weekends. Food is great also.
2	I agree with some of the other reviewers who have had a tough time rating this place - Part of me wants to give it three stars, but I just can't because of the "average" food, high prices, and overall craziness of the place.  In a nutshell, STF is a touristy place with an old west vibe, mixed with live entertainment and fire pits.You will find a mixed crowd here - Families with kids, and adults out to drink, party, and dance.  It can be very busy, with kids running all over the place, so be prepared for that.  Food is "average" - I have tried many things on the menu, and have not found anything that I could not make better on my own Weber grill at home.  Lastly, you best drink before you get there or in the parking lot (ha, ha), because unless you are ordering PBR, you'll be spending a lot of money on booze.
5	This has to be my favorite restaurant here by far. The food is priced right for the amount and flavors that you get. And OMG the corn is SOO good and a must have when you go. The ribs are great,  steaks are perfect, chicken is great, even the kids chicken strips are really good.And after that you have to have some smores, that you cook yourself outside  ! The firepits they have are really awesome, and most nights they have live music, and a dance floor. They also have a pool room.If you haven't been here yet, this place is a MUST to go to!
2	This place has excellent food and could have easily seduced five stars out of me if not for the following:The restaurant is always in chaos and I actually began to feel anxious if that gives you an idea of what kind of atmosphere this restaurant has intentionally (or unintentionally) created. The noise level is so high you can't hear yourself think let alone have a conversation and my husband and I were on the same side of the booth. The servers are stretched very  thin so don't expect any extra attention, even for drink refills. If your eating a steak with rich sides you need a beverage and if the servers can't make it to your table for a while, I strongly suggest San Tan Flat start giving people larger glasses.  For the price your paying for the food you expect service to match and you won't get it here. This is a party restaurant if your going there to have some drinks with your friends or roast a marsh mellow with your kids your in the right place. If you want excellent food and pleasant conversation save your money and go elsewhere.
2	Not a very good experience. Went on a Sunday and it was pretty much help yourself. Seat yourself, order at the bar...and food was so- so with  an over priced bill.
4	FOR AMBIANCE THIS RESTAURANT GETS 5 TICKLED PINK STARS.I wish I could say the food was great, but this place is all about the ambiance in this old, western town themed restaurant!  My family and I love to go here for the great outdoor patio, music and roasting marshmallows to make Smores in one of the many fire pits.  They sell Smores kits or marshmallows separately, but you can also bring along your own.  Sometimes making memories with my daughter is better than what hits my stomach.It's "seat yourself" outside.  They do have indoor dining, an indoor bar, and a few bars around the outdoor patio you can pull a stool up to, but we have only eaten outside at one of the tables.Once you find a place to sit, it's time to stand in line to order your food.  Electronic number boards helps you know when your food is ready to pick up at the window.  On weekends, be prepared to stand in line to order for awhile and trying to find a table will most likely be a challenge.  I would suggest go earlier, if going on the weekend, or try the restaurant during a less busier time of the week.At this time they have live music Wednesday through Sunday, but you may want to confirm on their website if live music is a must.If San Tan Flat reads this my one request is to please work on the menu.  Your restaurant could be AMAZING!
1	Had  two meals there, both were not good. Cost too much and the food and service was bad. Tourist trap.
4	I truly love the feel of this place just wish it wasnt always so crowded when we went. If you go there on a weekend you have to wait to get a table. The live music is good and the food is great. Where else can you roast marshmallows other than while your camping.
4	The food is actually pretty good--big juicy burgers.  Ordering dinners and drinks, as mentioned, is chaotic and slow.  However, it's a fun environment with live bands and dancing.  If you're in no hurry and out for 3-5 hours of fun with friends and family you'll probably have a good time.  We'll be back.Here's my complaint.  They sell s'more kits in the summer, which means you're sitting at your table trying to stay cool in 95-100 August degrees when the table next to you suddenly builds a roaring fire so their kids can melt chocolate and marshmallows.  Don't get me wrong--I love kids and I love s'mores.  S'mores are a great idea...in December.  They're a bad idea in July and August in Queen Creek, Arizona.  Please, suspend the summer s'mores.
5	This place is all around AWESOME!
5	We took some family members visiting from NY here. It was our first time, everyone was pleased with the food they ate, and after we went outside where they had music and dancing. It is a really cool environment and I will definitely come back.
4	Touristy place to take out of town friends.  It's sort-of old west.  They have live entertainment, fire pits, and chairs made of odd stuff.  Cool place for families with kids, but be aware:  Depending on what time you show up there will be some adults out to drink, and party.Food is better than your average bar food but the prices are a little steep.We went during a slow time of day.  The service was terribly slow and unorganized.  Even with no one there things seemed hectic.  Our waitress payed no attention to us at all.On the other hand...the bar staff was fast, friendly and more than competent.  I sort of felt sorry for the bartender.  We had to keep asking her for things that our waitress was neglecting (napkins, silverware, water, where is our appetizer? etc.).  The bartender ended up doing her own job at the bar (and she was much busier than the people in the dinning room) as well as our servers job.  I bet she hated that (but she didn't show it)  We gave her a big big big tip.
3	Great burgers and fries.  Pass on the steak.  Cool vibe and atmosphere.  Fun place to take guests.  Very crowded on Friday and Saturday night.  So the service will be very slow then.  But the beer is always cold and some good country music playing.
5	We frequent this establishment and have never been disappointed
2	We have been a few times. Usually they were fun. Our most recent time I spent 50 minutes in line waiting to place our order then 20 minutes for our food. Once we ate our toddler was ready to go,  I spent all my time in line and waiting, it was a disappointing family outing. Perhaps they can figure out a way to expedite the service.
3	The food is OK.  Burgers & grilled meat.  The service has been slow & not very good every time I've been there.  Drinks are a bit on the pricey side.  However, if you live in the Queen Creek / San Tan area, then you know there aren't many places to go out to eat.  So enjoy.
4	Food is great, "backyard" is fantastic!  Western feel, bonfires, good variety of food.  Ordered the cheese curds and the Mesquite Chicken sandwich.  Both have convinced me to go back!  The service during the day is odd and a little slow..  There was no one to greet us or tell us that we needed to order at a window.  Otherwise we enjoyed the atmosphere and would go back, but would come back at night.
5	We visited way back when they first opened years ago when they had a "no dancing" rule due to a loser neighbor.  Even though we live in Queen Creek we simply never went back. Went last night and were blown away by everything.  Atmosphere is great with lots to do.  It's a very wide open indoor/outdoor location with lots of party mingling. Multiple bars to get drinks.  Sports on tv. The place was packed.  While we waited for our table we socialized with strangers, noticed the large amount of snowbirds and other non-locals. Two people told me that they were at the golf tournament in Scottsdale that day- which is over an hour from here, so it's cool that people made the trek due to the reputation of the place.  But here's the kicker- the food was outstanding.  My wife got the steak and lobster which was excellent, and I got the baby back ribs. The taste of the ribs was awesome but the only negative was that some of my ribs were dry/overcooked.  We didn't even stick around for the band but the stage looked pretty sweet.  A must-visit place in the valley regardless of where you are coming from- and that not some home town rah rah talk.
5	San Tan Flat is incredibly fun, social, and a very unique venue. It has the old-fashioned feel of a cowboy camp, with dozens of individual bonfires outside, lots of picnic table seating, and the surrounding buildings (restaurant, pool hall, etc.) in Old West style. My handsome dance partner and I definitely enjoyed the live music and the circular dance floor -- there's nothing quite like country dancing under the stars! There's some DIY -- bring your own marshmallows to roast, collect wood to feed your  fire, pick up your own food + drinks inside -- but as an independent spirit I didn't mind one bit. Also be aware of the weather, and avoid breezy nights if you're smoke-sensitive.However, the very BEST thing about San Tan, in my opinion, are the awesome quotes by the Founding Fathers painted all over the place. Any music stage that features the quote by Thomas Jefferson "When the people fear the government there is tyranny, when the government fears the people there is liberty" is A-OK in my book... and even Ron Paul made a point to eat here on a visit to Arizona, so it's gotta be cool!
5	Very good burgers.  I live in Queen Creek and will always choose San Tan Flats for burgers over Uncle Bears.  This is also a great place to bring out-of-town visitors because of it's uniqueness.  The only downfall is not much seating inside for a big group so call ahead to make sure you get a table.
3	Great atmosphere, food is fantastic and prices not a problem - ONLY issue I have is with the time of service.  It is a little confusing when you first walk in as to how the process works. You have to (1) find a table, (2) stand in line to order your food, (3) go to the bar and order your drink, (4) go back to your table and wait for the food and (5) pick up your food when your name is called.  Seems a little time consuming and very hectic looking.  The last time I was there (it was a Saturday) it took up to 50 minutes to get a chicken sandwich!!!  I was sitting at the bar and the waitress kept saying that "your food is almost up."  I think she actually forgot to put our order in until we asked where our food was.Overall, I would recommend this place.  The food is really good and atmosphere fun.  I would just make sure you are not in a rush.  Hopefully this place can streamline the process or hire more cooks to get the orders out faster, which is the biggest problem they face.
5	Great experience...not on the menu, but ask about the ribs.  Great way to spend an evening...hope I get an opportunity to visit again.
4	I truly enjoy this place.  I took my boyfriend here and he couldn't get over how great it was.  We drank beer, ate dinner, met great people, and danced.  I have always stood in line to order food in which you always have long line but Saturday night we decided to get a table and have dinner.  The burgers are great here and that is what my boyfriend had but I had the flat iron steak.  It was a fabulous choice and it was cooked to perfection.  Our service was fabulous and the band was awesome.  This is a great time.  Block off 2 to 3 hours to fully enjoy the experience and make sure you get there early if you want a table in front of a fire pit.
5	Come early.  If you get there for dinner by about 4:30 you should not have much problem getting in - I would guess the same is true for lunch.  My new favorite is their loaded baked potato.  I didn't see it on the menu, so I asked the wait person after seeing other people eating them.  They said, "sure we have those - do you want butter (yes), sour cream (yes), chives (oh yeah), and cheese (yes, yes, yes) on it?  I eat the entire potato, skin and all.  My friends usually get the steaks, and they say the steaks are very good.  I have had the hamburger, and you can put all the usual stuff on it ... onions, lettuce, tomato, etc.  Great place to eat!
1	The place has a nice outdoorsy atmosphere. Kids and everyone that didn't have to wait in line to order food (45 minutes) had a good time. They need hirer a few people for outside service. The tables could use a good wash and leveled up. It's hard to enjoy your meal when your sitting sideways and can't steady your self because the table top is so sticky and stained your afraid to touch it. If it were not for the kids enjoying the outdoor fire place I would have left.
1	Overpriced, substandard food, poor service, not to mention the driest cheeseburger I've ever tasted. The manager refused to fully refund the "Mohave desert of burgers." Atmosphere outside looked fun, but I suggest you stay outside because there's nothing but slow service and a "one-trip" salad bar inside.
5	Very cool place. Huge amount of fun. Food is good, drinks are great.  FUN, fun,Fun
4	Great food, atmosphere, and great service when you sit inside.  Better than Outback steakhouse.  I recommend it!!! :)
5	Wonderful! Great service, awesome food and fun atmosphere. The fried pickle spears were so good! We will be back!
4	Great place to take the kids. Tenderloin app is great. I have always had great service sitting outside at the bar too.
5	Really good atmosphere, food, and wait staff!!! During the winter it is really nice to go and eat outside near the fire pits, listen to music, and do some dancing. I highly recommend the Flatiron steak or the ribs... both are exceptional. Highly highly recommend to anyone!
5	Absolutely love this place!! Great food, good prices and awesome atmosphere!! Just super busy on weekends, even Thursdays - be prepared for a rowdy crowd! MUST get the cheese curds.
3	Well, I'm not really sure that I got the full experience since I didn't get to make smores. I was there for a friends birthday party and even though they have a great outdoor area it was the hottest day of the year so the birthday boy wanted to wait for a table inside. The staff was nice enough to let us use their party room so that worked out perfectly. I am not a big fan of the whole order at the counter thing. It created a lot of congestion and confusion in the restaurant but the servers were nice enough to bring our food to us since we couldn't very easily tell when our numbers were up. The food was pretty meh. I got a burger and hubby got a steak which we both agreed was just average. The salad bar didn't really appeal to me since I can't stand iceberg lettuce. There wasn't a whole lot of variety there. I will say that their steak fries are pretty tasty. Overall, the food is what you would expect at touristy place like this. I did appreciate the fact that they had SanTan beer on tap but since they are not a full service place I don't think I would really like to have to keep going up to the bar for each round. They do have a stage with live music and a (small) dance floor so that was cool. I am sure we would have hung around for a while if it wasn't so hot (that part is all outside).Really, even though the food is not worth the drive, the appeal of this place is the atmosphere. Other reviewers have already described it so I won't go into it too much but let's just say if you are a fan of John Wayne movies, you will love it! It's cool for the experience or if you have out of town guests but just keep in mind it is pretty far outside of Phoenix. I was surprised that it took us 45 minutes to get there from Chandler. I will say that there are plenty of other options for country bars with live music scattered all throughout Phoenix (in particular Old Town Scottsdale and Cave Creek) as well as similar style restaurants if you want somewhere that cowboy steakhouse experience (Saddle Ranch, Rustler's Rooste, Rawhide, Stockyards, Pink Pony, Hole-in-the-Wall etc). If you are willing to drive a ways then I would recommend Fort McDowell Adventures which is also a really far drive but at least they have a lot of other activities besides food/bar/music.
5	We hosted a party of 40 people and rented one of the party rooms. Jessica helped us organize everything and did an AMAZING job keeping everyone happy! We never went without a fresh drink and she managed to keep all our food orders organized. She was so easy to work with and so friendly. I've had so many compliments from our guest about how great the location was and helpful all the staff was. We will defiantly be back for more parties and to hang out and enjoy the atmosphere and great food! THANK YOU AGAIN!
2	Ordered a Shiner Bock at the bar for $4 which I think is a quite adequate price and the business makes a decent profit. Ordered a second from the waitress.  Give her a five and she hands me back 50 cents. I asked her why my second beer was more than the first. She says when the band starts playing the price goes up.    Whaaaaat?I asked where that is posted and she said she didn't know.  I have never heard of that. I told the manager that I see that the owner has signs all over espousing his political views but not a single sign that says "Take note:  when the band starts playing we arbitrarily raise drink prices".  I like to make informed decisions and I believe this is a scam when they don't make customers aware of this.   I have been there many times and spent a lot of $.I usually run a tab and may not have been aware of SF doing this in the past. However, when you pay cash it's obvious. The manager offered to refund my .50 but I told him to keep it. They apparently need it more than I do.  My advice:  order your drinks before the band gets going!  As for me, I will go elsewhere where they don't scam the locals...
5	This is one of my favorite places in the East Valley. The atmosphere is fun, the food is great, and the prices are pretty reasonable. We go to San Tan Flat any time we have something to celebrate!
5	We live close to San Tan Flat, and come here often for special occasions. It's great to be able to sit by a fire, listen to some music, and hang with friends. We've come dressed to the nines and in jeans. Anything goes here. The food is great, and I recommend the Chicken Strips. How they make humble run of the mill chicken strips so yummy is beyond me, but they are very good! The staff is always helpful, nice, and ready and willing to help with anything you need. If you aren't in to crowds, come during the middle of the week. The weekends are really busy!
5	This place is always fun. Attn Parents: its not chuckie cheese, you are the only one that likes to watch you brat run around in circles all over the place.
3	Food is pretty good, seems like you should get more for your money and wait time. We were fortunate to pick a night with nice weather so we could eat outside comfortably but downside is that everyone else had the same idea so we stood in line for about an hour. Ambiance is genuine; people who like country music will love it here (little too much for me). Major downside is that not only is there a lot of smoke from the fire pits but from people smoking cigarettes and cloves/cigars outside and it's a killer if you have allergies. We might go back to see if the experience is better on a weekday night when it's likely not as busy.
4	Great ambiance and great steak! The waitress was rushing us through the meal to turn tables.  Best cream of corn ever ate!
1	My first and definitely my last time at this overly-hyped place. Food, service, and ambiance were all very lacking, and my wife and I very much regretted our choice of San Tan Flat to celebrate our anniversary.  Granted it was a busy Friday night, but don't tell us that it will be "20-25 minutes max"  for us to be seated and then not seat us for 1 hour!  The only thing mildly good about our meal were the dinner rolls, we asked for and were given several more and much to our dissatisfaction we were charged extra for the smallish sized rolls without being told that they were not complementary...WOW!  We were both so glad that we didn't order drinks to celebrate our anniversary because we couldn't get out of San Tan Flat fast enough.If you live close to STF save yourself the money, if you don't live close to STF save yourself the drive and the money, and for god sakes if your celebrating your anniversary, steer way, way clear of San Tan Flat.  Overall a very bad dining experience and a marred celebration of our anniversary...Sorry honey, I promise never to take you back to San Tan Flat.
3	This place gets 3 stars due to uniqueness and the fact it's a great place to have a cocktail.  I'd imagine when there's music it's also awesome but the food is mediocre at best and the service is awful.  First of all the owners need to re-think their first come first serve tables outside - hire a hostess who knows what she's doing - and optimize seating. 2nd - the walk up n order window that has a line of 50 long and moves as slow as molasses should be replaced with servers and sections.  However, insides current table service is deplorable. Our server decided to pay attention to her 7 top and ignore her other tables.  She also took more than 5 minute to greet us and even then - didn't even have waters for us.  Anyway - drinks is a yes - anything more .... No way!
5	One of our favorite places to eat.  Great food, great service and awesome atmosphere. We love it.
5	This place is great! Great service, amazing food (good portions too) and great ambiance.
5	Oh man... We sure do love this place! They have great food and also a great environment! Their steaks are delicious. I don't know what seasoning they put on there, but it sure does give it an amazing flavor. It's great going in the winter time and having a fire and roasting some mallows. The kids def love this place. The music is great too. It's definitely worth the drive out to San Tan Valley.
3	San Tan Flat is geared more towards the atmosphere and being outside than it is the food. The outdoor eating area is awesome and makes for a memorable night. The only thing missing is just a little bit of light outside for when it gets dark, it gets mildly hard to see your food/drinks.
3	I like the idea, and if I was younger and had more nighttime ambition, I would probably like this place a lot (although if I was younger I might not afford this place).  The food is good enough, nothig spectacular, but at least average to above average food.  They have bonfires outside to make smores or just hang out by.  The live music is good if you like/tolerate country music.  They have the other kind of music here too, western.  There are patriotic signs all over that tend to lean to the conservative side.  Others have mentioned that most everything is self serve here, you need to go to a window and order and pick it up when it is ready.  For dinner they will serve you inside at the tables, but for lunch at those tables you need to order from the bartender and set your own table.  This place is ok.
3	Food is ok..nothing special but the setting is great. The outdoor space makes up for the mediocre food. My Biggest problem is its hard to get a drink when its busy. Seems like this place could figure out how to sell more during peak days. No one wants to stand in long lines. They could also use some help with customer service. Staff is certainly not the friendliest in town. A new management team and operational structure could turn this into a gold mine.
1	The Background:I live about 800ft from your establishment. I have visited with friends and family monthly (maybe even weekly) for the last 2 1/2 years. We are a family of 3 and generally meet 2 extra for dinner, 95% of the time we are a party of 5. Last time we visited we ordered a FULL rack of ribs, 2 filet steaks, 1 burger and 1 JD Chicken, plus side salads and drinks. I tipped my server over 30% (you can ask her) and I recommend you to everybody I know. Sometimes we are squished on a table for 4 and sometimes we are sat on a bigger table, I'm not bothered either way, it isn't Nobu, it's STF.This Evening's Visit:I arrived at 7pm and asked the hostess for a table for 6, she told me she would seat me once my other guests arrived and there was no wait. They were parking their car but once they arrived turned out there were only 4, making us a group of 5. The hostess then proceeded to tell me that we could no longer have one of the tables for 6 as we were only 5 so we would have to wait 45 minutes. I told her that we would squeeze onto a table of 4 and it was ok. I am unsure of how to describe what happened next, she told me that she was unable to seat us on a 4 table because they are for 4 people and she was unable to seat us on a 6 table as we were only 5 people and she was adamant we would have to wait 45 minutes to be seated. Confused? Yes I was too. At this point one of the lovely servers came over and said that we could squeeze onto a booth on her side, the hostess said no. I understand you have limited space but you weren't even busy!My Questions:I guess what I would like to know is do you cater to parties of 5? Is your seating arrangement simply about money? Is there any reason you will not seat 5 people on a table for 4 and is there any reason you will not seat 5 people on a table for 6 or more. I saw couples sat alone on tables for 4, tell me then how that makes sense, there are 2 wasted seats. Is this a new policy? Do you have a new manager? Is it policy to make customers feel uncomfortable and stupid? Is there a reason you have employed an arrogant young girl who is unable to crack a smile? The dining room had 6 fully cleared empty tables (2 tables for 4 and 2 tables for 6+) why couldn't I have one?Conclusion:So it's New Years Eve and I left almost in tears, I felt embarrassed having to do that in front of guests who had flown in from CT, and I felt upset that one of my favorite places has now started with this new attitude. When we left you still had a total of 6 empty tables and because of the mood of your 'hostess' you lost about $200. We went to Gordon Biersch, and luckily were able to save the evening, ironically sat on a table for 6. Our guests were disgusted and asked if that's how things happened in AZ. I have NEVER in all my years of traveling and eating out been made to feel so unwelcome. I am truly disgusted. I am so polite, never make demands, never make a fuss an am still sat here hours later scratching my head wondering what the hell that was all about. You should be honored that people choose STF as a place to spend their New Year and maybe think twice about placing an arrogant young girl as a hostess who is unable to solve even a simple problem.
5	Just went there for my second time last night.  This place fantastic.  The food is great, and I love building a fire and sitting next to it to eat.  We were also right by the dance floor, and the music was amazing. Love, Love, Love the Rustic Atmosphere! This is a must try!
3	The fire pits and live music are really fun. Those are really the only reasons I have gone.Could be much better if it wasn't so crowded and if there was sufficient parking. I've been to San Tan Flat at least a dozen times (different days of the week). It's always that way. Plus, you have to stand in line for a good 20-30 minutes just to order your food. Once you get to the window, whoever is taking your order is never, ever nice. They act really annoyed. The food is ok. Nothing I have ever ordered made me feel like I need to tell someone about it. Plus the portions are kind of small compared to what you'd expect from a country type restaurant. I like the idea of the place a lot, but wish they would expand it. I guarantee I'll go again, but probably not for a couple months since I was just there two months ago.
1	We used to go here all the time.  We like eating dinner outside by the fire pits.  Their food is okay.  The last time we went here it was very busy for a Sunday night.  We waited over an hour for our food.  We came as a large group and there were 4 separate orders for our group.  The orders were done at the same time.  One of the orders had an appetizer that came out 10-15 minutes after their meal.  We knew that we wouldn't get our food at the same time however another order came out over 20 minutes later and the rest of us were already done eating.  That order was for 2 hamburgers and it's funny that there were other orders that had ordered after us that were also burgers and got their burgers first.  Even the customers who ordered after us that got their burgers first were saying it was ridiculous and that we should say something.  We understood it was a busy night but we felt like maybe they skipped the order or forgot to cook it.  We asked to talk to a manager who's name is "Megan" and she was extremely defensive.  She just kept saying with an attitude "Sorry, it's a busy night",  "I don't know what to tell you", "what do you want me to do about it?".  It didn't seem like she cared about customer service.  She was basically blowing us off and not sincere about her "Sorry". It was excuse after excuse... she would say "well the numbers don't go in order" then she said "it's because you ordered well done burgers" (btw, we were never asked how we wanted our burgers cooked)...    We told her that we come here often and that after the way she was handling our complaint that we might not come back and she said "i think that's best".  If this is the type of person that is representing this business, then it's bad for business.  If you make a mistake own up to it or sincerely apologize and try to keep your customer coming back.  We asked to talk to a general manager or the owner at a later date and she refused to provide a name or a phone number and said she was the only person to talk to and that the owner doesn't deal with stuff like this.  Which may be true but if she truly felt like she handled this situation appropriately then she would have no problem giving us the owner's name.  The manager Megan was rude, argumentative, impatient, and indignant.  After some debate she refunded us the order only per the kitchen manager's request and then asked us to leave the business.  Which we were glad to do after that experience.  Anyway to sum it up, the atmosphere is nice, the food is okay, the wait for food is very long on busy nights, and the Manager MEGHAN is awful!!!
4	Went here for the first time with friends. Great atmosphere, good food, fun time for all.Our friends are locals and frequently eat here. I loved the wood fires that kept us warm outside when the sun went down.The ribs were tasty but next time I would ask for sauce on the side. My wife was happy with the flat iron steak.Not fancy, but lots of fun!
3	i think its ridiculous that you don't allow dogs!
4	Met some friends here for a birthday party. Great concept, like a backyard bbq with a live band. I didn't eat but the food looked fast and tasty. You stand in line for drinks or to order food, unless you're sitting at a table in the restaurant. The service is decent at best. If you're looking for excellent snappy service with a professional server at your beck and call, do not eat here.  The great thing about San Tan Flat is that you can get together with a bunch of family and friends, have some dinner and drinks. The place is set up for separate tabs. It's self serve so everyone can pay for their own food and drink. No uncomfortable dropping of the check or, god forbid, splitting the check 12 ways. You don't have to fuss with that one really cheap friend that volunteers to add up the money and tries to use the tips to cover his own food. You know the guy I'm talking about! Instead, you just go up and order your food, pay for it and have a seat.Give it a try next time you have a get together with 10 or more people. This place keeps it simple.
4	Fun place the kids enjoy toasting the mars mellows 2 for one burger night is a great deal. (Monday nights) pool table needs some love and drinks are a little pricey but great atmosphere
1	Well, here is my rating system. I gave them 5 stars for ambiance and general concept of the fire pits and live entertainment. HOWEVER: -had to subtract 1 star for the cluster in ordering. The line was atrocious, took over an hour just to order. The organization is FUBAR. One window for hundreds to line up to order. And those double doors are ram packed with alcohol ordering, food ordering, and people just arriving. Nasty-had to subtract another star for the alcohol policy. We were a table of five, I stood in line for 15 minutes, and ordered a pitcher of beer and five glasses. I was then told I could not have a pitcher on my own regardless of whether there were 20 at the table, and I need someone else to get served one. State law he quoted. Must be an nebulous one cause I have gotten pitchers and glasses from every other establishment I have ordered it.-had to subtract another star for the ludicrous prices for alcohol. 18 dollars for a pitcher. Never seen that anywhere else in AZ.-yep, another star gone for the food. We all had the ribs, full or half rack with baked potato. Unfortunately all were at room temperature. Tasty but not even enough heat to melt the butter.So, yes, its just a tourist attraction on our bucket list to take our Canadian visitors to when they come down, but most defiantly off our list for just us and locals.
5	Great atmosphere with kids or without!  Yes its busy, if you go early you will be able to get a place to sit and eat.  Everyone we take love it! Nice people and I always feel safe to bring my girls.
1	This place is absolutely disgusting. The salad bar is worse than a nursing home dining room.The burgers are a joke, I mean really.  If you get drunkYou won't know the difference any way........ I hate to say it,but thereReally aren't  any decent eateries in this area.  We need some goodFoodie investors in this area to bring in some great restaurants.
2	I would give 5 stars for atmosphere. Very cool concept with live music, bonfires etc. However ordering food is a cluster, so ridiculous. Waited over 1.5 hrs in line & food was mediocre.I would suggest this place getting a drinking & hanging out with friends but skip eating there
5	Celebrating my BIG 26th Birthday, with Brent, Anisa, Lilliana, Cason & my sweetheart! This is a fun a fun place! Good food, fun & music!!!
2	I ate here last night and I've never been to a place that has so much potential to be a destination restaurant only to have itself shoot itself in the foot. The owner has to be blind to not see what growth could come and business to be made if he just made a few minor changes.The atmosphere is unique and unlike anything out there. Roast your own s'mores for dessert? Hell ya! The live country music goes right in with the motif and the buildings surrounding you, damn, I felt right in my own wagon circle on the plains! Though I must admit, I don't think the cowboys nailed random revolutionary quotes and bill of rights amendments to every fixture they had. I came last night for a western experience, not to be lectured everywhere I looked like I was in high school history class.Sadly, everything else is so poorly thought out that the charm washes right off you. You stand in line for an hour just to ORDER the food, you still get asked for a tip even though there are no servers, 20 mins to wait for the food to get ready and you are prompted by a very not cowboy deli counter display, only to have you put your own toppings on. Shoot, for the $40 I paid, I could do that at fuddruckers and NOT pay a tip. I will say the burger was a good size and tasted on point, so there was a saving grace, but c'mon. No one wants to stand around waiting that long just to ORDER. I'd have rather had the typical sit down experience. Which, by the way, you are lucky to do if you aren't smart enough to have someone in your party save a table in the first place.If the owner reads this, here's a nickel worth of advice that will be a golden goose, I promise. Move the meat grilling outside, have at least five guys work the station, charge adults a flat $25, and make all of the sides buffet. What could be more western authentic than taking a giant spoon of baked beans and plopping it on your plate next to your ribs? Have fresh corn on the cob, potato salad, onion rings and fries and to top it off, a pot of chili which simmers all day. You have the right idea with the fires, now build on it and make the experience fully immersive! Then I don't care how much I paid for the food, I'd be having too much fun with the food!!!Sadly, I'm giving out my first two star review, not that it was terrible, but this place has too much potential to be something so so much more. At that's a damn shame. In fact, you guys might have just given me an idea worth investing in and I'll bet you I can pull it off with twice the profit. If you feel compelled to come here, go I guess, but I think you'll feel the same way: looks are one thing but execution will always win out.
1	Not impressed... Eaten there several times and each time I think it might be better the next time, not the case... Its more of a tourist trap style cooking... That being said the outdoor area is great but drink cost is high... If you have family in from out of town its cute to check out and take pictures. Two thumbs down on dining, two thumbs down on drink prices, and one thumb up for atmosphere if they decide to stay open past 10pm on some night...
1	Nice atmosphere, but the worst service in Arizona. If you want to line up for over an hour just to order your food, then this is the place. One person to take everyone's orders. Unbelievable that people would pay for this.
3	I enjoyed a really fun evening here with family and friends over my Christmas holidays.  We were invited to a birthday party, where a private room was rented.  We had our own server for drinks, and could select what we wanted for dinner (chicken, salmon or steak) with a range of sides.  The food and portion sizes were both very good.  For dessert, we got Smores kits and sat outside around the fires to make them.  They have a stage and area for dancing outside as well.  The decor and atmosphere are very authentic and Western - a great place to go with family and kids!
5	Excellent food and atmosphere!! I love this place our table busser Madyson was very professional and very friendly, and our server Kathleen was excellent also. We will be coming back very soon love this place!!!
1	This place is just a tourist attraction with mediocre food and over priced drinks. Took forever to get seated. Which is understandable because it was busy. Took a very long time to get cold food and warm beer. Which is not acceptable no matter how busy it is. If your gunna make me wait, at least bring me hot food with a smile.  This brings me to my next point, the VERY RUDE servers!!!  Being busy is no excuse to be rude to paying customers!!!! After dinner we went outside to enjoy a Bon fire and a live band. The band was one guy who was tone def and the acoustics of this place was very bad! As far as the individual Bon fires, there was only three peaches of 2x4 boards to burn. If this is your first experience at a country restraint / bar; you might think you had a good experience.  As for me; I've been to real country places and I was always served hot food with southern hospitality. No matter how busy they were.I will never return to San tan flats, and I will encourage anyone who is thinking about going there to NOT go there!
1	We had very high hopes but was extremely disappointed in this place.  They make you prepay for your food and take a tip only to find out you will never be waited on by anyone.  Good luck trying to get someone to guide you in the right direction if you're new.  Food extremely overpriced and very sub par.  We were charged $4.50 for a beer which was served in not much larger than a dixie cup. The salad bar was disgusting and surprised it passed code.  Small kids running around everywhere including up on the stage every 2 minutes.  The set up with open fire pits all around seems dangerous even for adults let alone small children.  We were looking for an enjoyable evening and thought the unique idea might be cool as we enjoy live country music.  What started off to be a fun evening quickly turned out to be miserable!       All of the above could have been overlooked until I put on my glasses and took a look around.   CONSERVATIVE PROPOGANDA posted everywhere you look!  I mean there were signs posted on every post, every counter, every wall and even a giant one right over the stage that was particularly offensive.  Unbelievable that any business owner in their right mind would intentionally alienate a such a large group of their potential patrons. When I asked someone about it, I was told the owner is very conservative and pretty much got a very rude dismissal.  This was the first and last time we will ever visit this place and I won't be afraid to share with everyone I know just how repulsive this place is.Now, how's that for "freedom of speech"?
4	Just a fore warning I love outdoor cowboy joints. Stopped in for a burger and a beer on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. The burger was large hot and juicy, the bun fresh with a appetizing golden brown color. The condiment bar is always preferable to get my burger the way I like it. Of course the Beer was Ice cold! The only thing that is stopping me from giving them the fifth star is they did not have any entertainment?If you get a person under a cowboy hat and behind a guitar, you get another star.
5	This place is a hidden gem. I had the jack Daniel's BBQ chicken and it was fantastic! Not to mention the amazing outdoor section. Not really a draw in the summers but in the winter time they have fire pits at each table. You're allowed to get as much wood as you want by the box full yourself and build a fire. They even sell s'mores kits for the kids, big and little. They normally have a live band on the weekends when I've been and even mid week at off hours this place is always packed. Definitely a must if you're in the east valley. I have taken a lot of out of town visitors out here too with rave reviews!
3	This place is unique:The Good:* Live music* Outside atmosphere is very western* The place feels historic in a way similar to Old Tucson* The fire pits and cooking your own s'mores fits right in with a group of friends* The outside seating area is huge for a restaurantThe Bad:* Food takes forever to order and receive.* They really need to come up with a plan to correct the ordering situation* Alcohol costs are very high* Parking is terrible* Food is sub-par* Available seating runs out fast and is disorganized Overall, go once just to say you tried it. Maybe it's for you, maybe it's not.  I wouldn't recommend going on a special occasion. Be sure to set a lot of time aside, take some open minded friends, and don't bother with the alcohol for the price. Don't expect a lot, but the atmosphere is worth the one time visit.
2	Dan P. wrote a very well thought out review that I agreed with upon my visit. So instead of just reiterating everything he said, I thought I would share it..."I ate here last night and I've never been to a place that has so much potential to be a destination restaurant only to have itself shoot itself in the foot. The owner has to be blind to not see what growth could come and business to be made if he just made a few minor changes.The atmosphere is unique and unlike anything out there. Roast your own s'mores for dessert? Hell ya! The live country music goes right in with the motif and the buildings surrounding you, damn, I felt right in my own wagon circle on the plains! Though I must admit, I don't think the cowboys nailed random revolutionary quotes and bill of rights amendments to every fixture they had. I came last night for a western experience, not to be lectured everywhere I looked like I was in high school history class.Sadly, everything else is so poorly thought out that the charm washes right off you. You stand in line for an hour just to ORDER the food, you still get asked for a tip even though there are no servers, 20 mins to wait for the food to get ready and you are prompted by a very not cowboy deli counter display, only to have you put your own toppings on. Shoot, for the $40 I paid, I could do that at fuddruckers and NOT pay a tip. I will say the burger was a good size and tasted on point, so there was a saving grace, but c'mon. No one wants to stand around waiting that long just to ORDER. I'd have rather had the typical sit down experience. Which, by the way, you are lucky to do if you aren't smart enough to have someone in your party save a table in the first place.If the owner reads this, here's a nickel worth of advice that will be a golden goose, I promise. Move the meat grilling outside, have at least five guys work the station, charge adults a flat $25, and make all of the sides buffet. What could be more western authentic than taking a giant spoon of baked beans and plopping it on your plate next to your ribs? Have fresh corn on the cob, potato salad, onion rings and fries and to top it off, a pot of chili which simmers all day. You have the right idea with the fires, now build on it and make the experience fully immersive! Then I don't care how much I paid for the food, I'd be having too much fun with the food!!!Sadly, I'm giving out my first two star review, not that it was terrible, but this place has too much potential to be something so so much more. At that's a damn shame. In fact, you guys might have just given me an idea worth investing in and I'll bet you I can pull it off with twice the profit. If you feel compelled to come here, go I guess, but I think you'll feel the same way: looks are one thing but execution will always win out."
4	I just don't understand how people rate anything. One star because I can't bring my dog to a packed restaurant? Really??? I am really starting to think yelp ratings are way off. This is a rustic place with a great atmosphere. They can come up with a better serving system then a line but, that place is packed almost all the time. Anywhere packed is going to have a wait. It's just a popular place.
5	Love the atmosphere here. Indoor and outdoor seating. Food is great. Band on the weekends. Affordable prices.
5	Was here with the family and had a really great evening.  Kathleen was our server and will ask for her again. Had my future daughter - in - law with us that is pregnant. She had ordered a steak and it seemed to her a little under cooked for her and Kathleen the waitress noticed and came over and fixed her steak for her. It's been a while that we had a server that noticed things and asked questions.  Thank you very much.
1	Stopped in for a Sunday lunch. What a huge mistake. The sign on the door announcing that they were looking for restaurant staff should have been the first red flag.  The next sign just inside the entrance was the second red flag. "Seat yourself and then come to the bar to place your order." Still hung in there though staying hopeful.  Stepping into the restaurant, the only thing missing were stalls with animals in them to complete the barn feeling of the place. Animals would have actually brought some character to the place, and would have at least explained the dust on the tables that you could write your name in. Now hiring busboys and wait staff our tables need you.  Now for the food. I've cooked better tasting burgers on a Foreman grill. The burgers were as dry as the straw stuck to the ceiling and tasted I would guess, slightly better. The potato cakes tasted horrible and the fries were right out of a bag. There is actually nothing appealing about this place. At $3 for a lemonade you would need to make quite a few trips to the drink fountain to make it worth that price. I've been to company picnics that have put more effort into the food than this place. I will not be back, I can get a better tasting burger down the road at Freddy's Famous Custard.
5	Atmosphere is outstanding with live country music.  Food is wonderful for the price.  Flat iron steak and potato for $14.  Beer is cold!   Highly recommend!!!   Bring the kids
5	I went here with a friend for lunch the other day with our two toddlers. We went around 11am so it wasn't busy at all. We went specifically for the Cheese Curds as our other favorite restaurant that provided them no longer has them and we had a craving! The atmosphere was truly great. Our server was an absolute doll and super sweet. In the morning it's a self serve burger bar, so they bring you a burger and you get all the condiments and toppings yourself. I actually enjoyed that because I hate being brought out a plate with all the toppings on the side and a nasty pickle. Anyway, the burgers we ordered were great, I loved the fries, and those cheese curds... WOW! My in laws will be in town in a few weeks and we will be taking them for dinner to San Tan Flat because they'll love it (and I want more cheese curds)!
5	We love San Tan Flat! We don't enjoy the wait, but the quality and food always comes out right and is worth it. The staff is a hit and miss with the friendliness. But, oh well!
5	This place is great, casual outdoor seating.  Had the Rancher Tips and they were great
5	Exceptionally fun place... Terrific place to go if you want a casual BBQ type experience... Not for city folk or snobby mf'ers... Park your truck in the lot come inside grab a cold beer have a smoke... Maybe a snack people watch... Maybe a steak... It is a causal Friday night place... Enjoy the quotes on the walls from our founding fathers and others... Bring your liberal friends for a Chardonnay and watch em be uncomfortable... Much fun... We wish we cold give it seven stars... Well played San Tan Flat...
4	Right to the point, everything here is 5 starts, except for one thing...which I will address at the very end. Service was great, got there with about 40 million people there and waited less than 5 min. to be seated. Ordered our food and was eating within 15 min. After we ate and paid, went outside to see if there was going to be live music that night. There are already many details regrading the grounds for this place so I will not go into that. The band was setting up so we just walked around waiting for them to start playing so we could then dance the night away.  My wife order a steak and loved it. We also had an order of their fried pickles and we loved that as well, they were a little spicy so that made it even that much better. Salad bar with my wife's stake was good as well. My burger on the other hand was three stars. I'm not sure who is at fault, me for not indicating or the waitress for not asking, but the way in which I would have liked the burger cooked was never discussed and it came out well done and I would have ordered it med. rare. Anyways, I really didn't eat but a few bites as I was pretty full from the appetizer and saved the rest for later. When I later ate it, it was way too cooked and not good. Had I eaten that much at the restaurant, I would have sent it back for sure. Anyways, everything else, 5 stars, even the price. Oh, FYI, potato cakes are pretty rank, don't get them as a side. Would not hesitate to come back but would stay away from the burgers.
4	Great outdoor area for big groups and good food to boot. San Tan Flats is one of our go-to locations when we want to head out with 15 people or more and have a blast. Haven't had any bad experiences there and the service has always been great.
4	Great outdoor experience with your own fire, bartenders are great and hustle their asses off. Great food ribs are good, salad bar ain't the best I've ever seen. Would like to see a vegetarian selection though, I mean not for me.. but I do have friends that could appreciate the atmosphere and not eat meat :)
1	What a nightmare lunch was today! 17 of us on bikes, I ordered a well done cheeseburger.  Everyone in my group is served, even folks after me.  I go up to check and I'm told mine will take more time because I ordered well done.  Okay... 10 minutes later I'm still waiting for my food. I ask for my cheeseburger again and am told the numbers are not called in order.  I knew that, but this is ridiculous I'm #27 and you are calling #40...really it's a cheeseburger. 10 more minutes pass, now others in the group are coming to the counter...still no food...one in the group asked for  manager and was told none on duty until 2:00, but if I wanted to I could come back then...don't worry I'll come back never!
5	Came to see one of our favorite bands play, Mike Easterday Band, and this is my first time here. I'm with my friends and this place is AMAZING!!! Love the set up and that it's family friendly. Food and drinks are fantastic! Definitely coming back!!!!
5	My experience at San Tan was that the service was good even when busy.  Even when there is new staff they seem to be well trained and efficient enough to get the job done.  Food is good, home style cooking, even marshmallows could be roasted outside at fire pits... There is live music most evenings; typically country - which is good.  The bar is always rocking!If you ain't visited the Flat then you must make it a priority on the 'to do' list.  Have fun and enjoy the scenary, art decor, it's a throwback to the AZ cowboy days which still rule our beautiful city of Queen Creek.  Great date place and Family Fun!!!See you there...
3	Ambiance was wonderful!  They have a fantastic outdoor space with BBQ pits as well as space for the kids to roam around. Perfect place for large groups! Unfortunately, I had to rate this place lower just because I thought the food was mediocre.  I had the steak and it was pretty disappointing.  Judging form the outside, I think I was expecting the food to taste just as great as it looks, but sadly, that wasn't the case.Overall, cool place to go, but not food that I would willingly eat again.
3	Could have easily been a 5 star but our food came out cold. You could tell that if it had been hot it would have been good. Ribs, creamed corn, potato cakes all cold like they had been sitting awhile with no heat. Cool spot with outdoor seating and music. Good for kids.
4	A new favorite of mine!  We went to San Tan Flats last Saturday with some of our children and grandchildren.  Our kids told us that the best place to sit was outside but that it got really busy and it might be hard to find seating.  With that in mind, my husband and I went over at 3:00 p.m. to scope out a couple of tables, since they don't take reservations, at least not for the outside tables.  I had told our kids to join us at 4:00 p.m.We really didn't need to get there that early.  I think that we would have been able to find adequate seating if we had all arrived at 4:00 p.m.  However, we enjoyed listening to the music and being out in the beautiful weather that we have been having.When the kids and grandkids appeared, the grandkids were loving every minute.  They danced on the dance floor, ran around and had a blast.  The food we ordered was excellent, prepared promptly and there was a lot of it:)  Following dinner the kids roasted marshmallows over our campfire and were in heaven.  We certainly enjoyed every minute that we were there and I can see why this place is so popular.  I want to go again!
4	The place looks like a lot of fun. The food is above average for bar food. The patio and the outdoor stage make this place look like a lot of fun
4	Went to San Tan Flats tonight. Has such an amazing ambiance! We sat at the bar and ordered drinks, appetizers and dinner. The medium rare burger we ordered for dinner came out well done.We spoke to Megan, the manager, and she absolutely corrected the situation.In all, this is great place with good service and fun atmosphere.
5	We went to this restaurant as a family and we thoroughly enjoyed the food and great service.  Great atmosphere and delicious food.  Highly recommended for anyone.
5	Love this place.  It's become a family favorite, my boys love eating outside and getting dirty.  Occasionally they have live music and it is really good, and I rarely like country.  The food, it's ok, not bad...but all in the experience is 5 stars.
1	I didn't know what the deal was, yes I was 30 years younger than the average clientele but come on. In order to get a drink I had to show the bartender FOUR I.D's!!! And they still gave me hassle! The girl I was with, she had to show three and they still gave us a huge run around because she didn't have a credit card on her. After convincing them we was over 21 (seriously) for ten minutes, finally got my jack and coke and she got a wine ... Which both served in a plastic cup? Seriously lol. I guess this establishment is too cool for glasses even though it's not a dive. Prices were reasonable and the people there were fun I felt but the employees at the bar were real jerks to us all night :/
4	This place is fantastic ! Great food, fair price and a really relaxed atmosphere with live music around many fire pits. Only downside is if your not there early you don't get a table with a fire pit (but we like getting there early for more fun) and you do wait in line for like 30 minutes to order food. All in all a great place for the family and one of our favorite hang out !
