2	Been out to Joe's Farm Grill twice.. and both times Ive been SO excited about going there and both times I have left well, disappointed. This place is another restaurant from the Joe's Real BBQ gang (delish). The place is actually very cool.. you can eat out under the stars if the wind is in the right direction (there are horses close by) and they have a machine that dispenses as much ranch dressing as you can use! Gotta love that! But the food has been underwhelming and on the verge of boring. Ive tried the burgers, grilled pizzas and salads. For me they are not much better then what you could get at your local mall food court. I know it's crazy for me to say that but considering that much of what they serve is organic I just dont feel or taste a difference here. The saving grace here is the coffee shop next door called, you got it.. Coffee Shop. They have lot of YUM-E desserts and make a some great coffee drinks. Oh get this, they hand pack there espresso machine.. no click click turbo-spresso machines here. I like the way that sounds.. I think I will steal that from myself! Side note.. this place is in the middle of nowhere becoming somewhere.. bring a map!
4	I disagree with Alexander C. I can't say enough good things about the Fontina Burger. Oh my goodness. The flavors go on and on! And I can never finish it, the thing is so darned big. The foliage on the burgers come from their Organic (according to the owners,but not certified) garden right on the premises.And the fries that come with are super yummy. Definitely worth the $8.99 price tag. And for the sustainably-concious consumers, the menu states that the beef is local.I've been to Joe's Farm Grill at least a dozen times and being a sad creature of habit have only ordered the one meal because I had hoped for more Organic choices.The customer service and atmosphere is great! No limit to the outdoor and a good amount of indoor seating too.I definitely recommend them. They are at Ray & Higley just off the 202. It's still a bit of a commute for the Queen Creeker and beyond, but the closest healthier fare that we've got.Side Note: Be sure and visit the bathrooms at Joe's Farm Grill whether you have to "go" or not. Hint: Prepare to be transported to the future (or past)
5	Having just moved to the area, and tiring of searching for tex-Mex in a area that seems to have some sort of (AZ-Mex) thing going on, my Bride and I decided to stop at Joes Farm based purely on the fact that it looked interesting.best decision we made since we moved here!Heres the thing, the slogan they use "Common foods done uncommonly well" is spot on!We both had the burger with chedder, heres the thing, there was no amazingly different flavor, no crazy spices, no insane toppings, just good, fresh ingredients, cooked to perfection with pride and a level of quality that you dont find very much, especially in a burger!the bun is both light and substantial, and even the pickles are amazing (they make them themselves.. which gives you a clue on how fanatic they are)On our second trip, we ordered the garlic fries... Holy jumping Jack Flash! If you like fries, and you like garlic, GET THESE!Drenched in garlic, these are some of the best fries I've ever had!The decor is fun and retro-futuristic (think tomorrowland 60's retro future, but someones living room) And after your meal, you can take a stroll through a very nice park area of Agritopia, to walk some of the food off.Now, if only we could find a decent tex-Mex place, life would be sweet!
5	I love this place. I've been going since it opened. I go after I take the dogs to Cosmo dog park down the street...The grilled Peanut Butter, chocalte chip, strawberry is yummy..You get your dinner & dessert in 1 item!!!The sweet potato fries are better the Delux.The salads are really good & filingThe cheese pizza is greatThe 4B burger is what a fewof my friends hae gotten & love it!!!The place is great if your in or near Gilbert. You can sit in or out, its dog friendly outside, you can walk around & see were your veggies just came from, & you can enjoy a cup o joe afterwards....They also have Farmers Markets....Well my Bday was friday & @ Joes your meal is free..I didnt get to go Friday, but went saturday after the dog park & they honored my free dinner....kinda cool
3	Great casual atmosphere - sorta retro trendy. If you've been to the Joe's real BBQ in old town Gilbert, then you know the setup here, grab your food and choose to eat inside or outside in the family friendly open-air 'back yard'. I prefer the latter, built out of an old farmhouse (I understand it was the owner's childhood home) there lots of mature trees, green grass, not to mention the small working farm behind the restaurant really helps to  transport you back to a time when this area wasn't a sea of cookie-cutter homes and Walgreen's on ever corner. Enough about the place, what about the food. I'd say if you're looking for BBQ go to Old town, they have it here, and it's good, but it's not the same. Personally, I think the grilled pizza's really stood out, noticeably fresh ingredients really were a flavorful surprise - definitely not the 'Mall-food' someone else here had mentioned. I enjoyed it and Joe's Farm Grill it's a perfect place for a Sunday afternoon lunch with the family to get out and enjoy a beautiful Arizona day!
4	My family and I had the privilege of attending a private pre-launch (my mom went to high school with one of the owners) and it was one helluva drive for us, but worth it nonetheless.  Diner food is what to get here; for ribs go to Joe's Real BBQ.  Burgers are amazing, chicken pesto sandwich was perfect, tender and juicy.  Neat little place.  Too bad it is such a far drive for me.
5	I loved Joe's Farm Grill...you haven't lived until you have tried the Blue Cheese Burger..(not sure what it is named on the menu)...I fancy steak encrusted with blue cheese, this burger is the next best thing.  Their garlic fries are to die for...heck, everything they cook is incredible...worth the drive...
2	Been there 3 times.  Food is okay.  Big infestation of flies.  Can't eat outside.  Nobody washes the tables.  No wonder there are flies.Coffee shop is quaint.  I would suggest just walk around the place and get a cup of joe.
2	I was so excited.Anticipating a cute restaurant on a farm.Organic veggies.I got exactly what I was looking for- and absolutely nothing else. It is a cute restaurant on a farm. It does have an interesting menu. It does have prices that would attract a former NoSco resident... but the social atmosphere? I might as well have been at McDonald's. Usually I would not blame the other patrons on a restaurant. This time, the crowd was so overwhelmingly obnoxious, that I had to mention it. It seemed like it was coming from everywhere- noise pollution from every angle. There were children running around with no shoes on and one mother was actually throwing fries at her child because he was misbehaving. Right- that will teach him.I had the veggie patch pizza and hubski had the grilled tuna sandwich featured on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives. The food was mediocre, although the sweet potato fries were tasty. Hubski liked the cole slaw.We walked around the farm afterwards, which was nice. If I went back, it would be to get a shake to go and walk around the farm. Otherwise, you won't catch me at Joe's Farm Grill.
2	Since moving out here from California, I'm always on the look out for local "flavor". I saw this place while exploring the new neighborhood and made a point to stop in. Came by on a friday afternoon and the place was pretty empty except for a few people in the separate dining area. I ordered the cheeseburger with gruyere, sweet potato fries and a chocolate shake. The burger came out dry even though I asked for it to be cooked medium. The cheese was pretty non existant. I really don't like making a big fuss about food, so I choked it down. The fries and shake were the highlight. The sweet potato fries were nice and crisp with the tender insides piping hot and my shake was one of the best I've ever had. If there were a way I could get a half star put on here I would because one the people sitting in that other room was Joe the owner. The way I figured that one out was because he looked like the caricature on the menu. Nice man, but I lied to him when I said my burger was good. Sorry!
4	I'm approximately 20 miles from The Farm Grill but I've eaten there more than a dozen times. While I think it has the best burger (albeit thin) in the Valley, it's not without its faults.When I explain The Farm Grill to people I tell them it's food on a farm in a high tech, modern environment. I mean where else can you eat at a farm restaurant that has a condiment flushing system, TVs in the restrooms (that shows the same movie every time) and broadcasts 90s indie music on the speakers?Remember the scene in Pulp fiction where Uma Thurman orders a milk shake and Travolta asks for a sip because he wants to know what a $5 milk shake tastes like? Well these shakes, particularly the chocolate malt, is worthy of the $4.30 price tag. I've never tried the ribs but my friends enjoyed the salmon and tuna sandwiches.The biggest problem with the Farm Grill is flies. I stop eating there in the late spring / early summer each year because the flies are unbearable, even indoors. Depending on the time of day the lines get very big and the place doesn't open multiple registers. Food usually comes out quickly though no matter how crowded it is.Due to the fact that this place is in east Gilbert the clientele is very white and very mormon. There are more pregnant women and young children at The Farm Grill on a weekend afternoon than there are in some maternity wards. If you can stand eating among large families and battling traffic to refill your own drinks and condiment cups, the Farm Grill is a good choice for the meat loving crowd. Just avoid it during the warm weather season because no one should spend $12 on a meal and feel the need to devour it as quick as possible just to avoid a fly infestation.They are now open for breakfast too.
4	I was a bit surprised to see the low rating for Joe's Farm Grill. I think dinging a restaraunt because some Mom couldn't control her kids (though I think they were there today as well) is sort of bogus.Joe's has a retro theme, so the look ends up being misinterpereted by some. The flies are a problem, though I don't know how you get around something like that in an open air setting. I can't remember if the farmhouse at South Mountain had the same issues, probably because I wouldn't go near it in July.I dropped by for lunch today. My timing wasn't so good, as they were featured on The Food Network last night. We arrived at 11:45, stood on line for about 5 minutes and ordered. The food came out in about 10 minutes. My wife and I split the Ahi Tuna sandwich and the Portabello Mushroom sandwich. I thought both were excellent, though to hear Guy describe them on DD&D, you might have expected a bit more. The kids got the chicken tenders and mini corn dogs, I liked the way they were fried to a light crisp finish. The french fries were excellent.$37.50 for a lunch for four was a little on the pricey side, but I expect we will be back again. It will definitely be a spot to go to from October through May.
4	I'm surprised to see the low ratings for this place. I think it's fantastic!!There's still not a whole lot going on in this area. It's still cow-town, farming central for Gilbert, although a lot has popped up recently. When this restaurant rolled into town, I was thrilled. First, they try to get all their produce from their local farm 1st. If they can't supply everything for their restaurant from their farm, they buy from local farmers 2nd, and then (and only then) will they go out-of-state for their produce. Also, their meat is naturally raised from AZ. Local produce + local meat = are you kidding me?!?! They deserve 5 stars for that alone! They also have recycling bins for your cups and plates. If more restaurants would follow suit in these aspects, do you know how much waste can be saved, or how much this BOOSTS our local economy, or how much healthier we would be as a society? Supporting business that buy locally is not only FAR nutritionally superior because the transit time decreases, but people generally don't get a side of pesticides, herbicides, hormones, and antibiotics with their meal when you buy locally. So, A+++ for the fact that Joe's Farm Grill has gotten on board with this and really taken it above and beyond what most establishments in this price range are willing to do, or even want to do. I didn't know they had naturally raised meat until I caught it on the Food Network, and that made me even happier. I've always been amazed at their charbroiled hamburgers- they've been some of the best I've had. The fries are groovy too. I've had a salad as well as the grilled cheese. The salad was large and delicious but there was something lurking in it that was making it taste "strange." I think it was just my own personal preference though. The grilled cheese had Fontina in it, and as I found out the hard way, Fontina is gross. I should have known...I don't like weird cheeses on traditional American white trash food. They taste like dirty socks in my mouth. If I knew what Fontina tasted like I wouldn't have gotten it, that's my bad.It's more expensive than your average fancier burger joint, but nothing too outrageous. It's fun to sit outside on a cool day under the gigantic trees, and look out to the farm and houses think to yourself that one day, not too long ago, all of it was farm land as far as the eye could see.
4	Because I live in the generic area known as the Chandler-Gilbert Divide and sometimes don't want to drive 30 minutes (or more) for a unique meal in Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale, I am always pleasantly surprised to find good eats nearby that save me the commute for food.  I loved Joe's BBQ from the beginning because it's pretty good, casual, reasonably priced and gives free food on your birthday.  Imagine my delight to find Joe's Farm Grill (which also gives free food on your birthday) and provides the same casual atmosphere, prices and good eats.  I'm not going to say I'm blown away by the food, but the thing that keeps me going back is the philosophy behind it.  And the garlic fries.  And the portobello mushroom sandwich and the fried zucchini.  And probably the picnic table seating outdoors.  But not the scorpion tree.  It's just nice to find a place in that area that isn't an Applebee's.
3	I would have to agree first & foremost with the FLY INFESTATION theory! they really really REALLY need to control it, being indoors doesnt stop them at all!!last time 2 of us went there it somehow came up to $50 which was insane! they are good but.... coleslaw is very very plain/flavorless, i still eat it.the ribs are very good, shakes = good, atmosphere good.I do have to agree it does get very loud sometimes, generally quiet and not busy in the early afternoon.OHDO NOTI REPEAT, DO NOT SUBSTITUTE ANYTHING FOR THE FRIESi substituted onion ringsthey added on $2 more and gave me like 5 onion rings!!!I do like the fact they seperate the trash/plastic/recycling etc..im sure ill be backWITH MY OWN FLYSWATTER!!!!!!!
3	Excellent for Gilbert.  Truly excellent.  For Gilbert.  The sweet potato fries were excellent.  The wild salmon (I should have asked from which river) was a little dry, but the seasoning was quite good.Five stars for the restrooms.
5	I was a little surprised I must say to see that Joes for some here got such low scores. Yes  I  guess the flies and the noise can be a bit bothersome, but for me it is all about the food and that is awesome! I absolutely love love the onion rings there. It is hard to find really good onion rings these days. I had family recently come in and we had so much food on the table I was afraid someone was going to start oinking  at us. Fried zucchinni is also probably the very best I have ever had and the fries !awesome! How do they get them so crispy? Fontina burger is AMAZing! I will definitely keep going there!
5	I am in love with Joe's FG!  I think that it is probably a little more of an emotion pull than anything else.  My hubby and I almost bought a house in Agritopia, the neighboring subdivision.  I had dreams of riding a cute turquoise Vespa with my little dog in the basket to Joe's, the coffee shop, and Cosmo dog park.  It is SO Pleasantville slash Edward Scissorhand's neighborhood and I love it!  We have been there many times and always bring out of town and new to town visitors here.   It's always a great story and people love that a lot of  the food comes from the farm.  Where else can you go that there's a TV in the bathroom showing some strange vintage video cartoon?My favorite thing on the entire menu is the garlic fries!  They are a must but make sure that EVERYONE in your party at least tries them if they are going to be in close quarters to you for the next several hours.  This is especially true if you are going to be driving together!!  Everything else on the menu is great!  Love all the burgers, the pizzas are good, my hubby loves the beet salad, the portabella mushroom sandwich is flavorful and satisfying and if you have a sweet tooth, make sure to try the french toast, peanut butter, banana, chocolate chip, pineapple, strawberry sandwich!!! After that, don't forget your shot of insulin!  The ice cream is okay...I'm more of a hand scoop ice cream fan. I haven't had the shake but whenever I go, it seems like everyone else is having one.  I prefer to walk next door to the picture perfect coffee shop to get a special bakery treat.Take your friends, take your kids.  Don't go for peace and quiet.  This is not a romantic can't see your meal it's so dark restaurant.  You go for the atmosphere, you go for the food!
4	my husband and I along with a couple of friends ate here on Saturday night. It was the first time for me and the hubby eating here. We arrived early and had some time to kill. We walked the property and the nearby housing development. The food was great! My husband ordered one of the pizzas, which was big enough for one person or for two with small appetites to share. I ordered the farm burger with bleu cheese and a side of fried zucchini. The zucchini was pretty fresh tasting which is nice when you are used to prepackaged frozen stuff.I was a little apprehensive about eating outdoors because you are in a farming area with lots of bugs and I did see a sign near a tree that said to beware of falling scorpions. Yikes!! I was pretty much on the look out for bugs the entire time. I would love to go here for breakfast sometime as they have some really tasty sounding dishes. The food is a bit on the pricey side, but it is good. I would assume this place is packed  most of the time, but on this night there was plenty of seating. Be sure to check out the bathroom. On this particular night and perhaps everytime they were showing "Thunderbirds are Go" on the tv.
4	I will say this...it was a commute to get there...but worth the drive. I love the whole concept of 'preserving agriculture' and growing all menu produce in the adjoining farm - and you can taste the difference - everything is fresh. While the decor was very lacking in its cafeteria style of service....the food made up for it - the burgers, the Ahi Tuna Sandwich....well I was 'IN" at the sweet potato fries. The portions are far from shy ....so bring your appetite!
4	joe's farm grill is the perfect substitute when i am in need of joe's real bbq, but low on gas. this place is right next door to my regular caffeine fix (the coffee shop) and close to my humble abode. the owner, joe, has essentially bottled up retro dining mixed with great service and sold it. joe converted his old home into a fresh, order-at-the-counter style grub hut. the menu has all the essentials: ribs and pork sandwiches, chicken everything, hot dogs, grilled cheese...and sides galore. the fountain drinks and condiments are located outside (restrooms too!). be patient with the poor mayo. it comes slow, but steady.i've only been here a handful of times, but so far: so wonderful. the pulled pork sandwich tastes just like the one at his bbq restaurant. the fire-roasted broccoli is a yummy side. i like to eat outside under the misters and soak in the children's laughter as they frolic to their heart's content. the farm grill has such a wholesome vibe. it's a good day in the neighborhood at joe's!
4	Just a little update. My husband and I ate breakfast here the other day. The line to order wasn't too long, but I have heard it can be out the door some mornings. I ordered the smoked salmon omellet with a side of fruit. The omellet was stuffed an a massive amount of cream cheese and minimal salmon. I found the salmon to be salty and there was simply too much cream cheese that I had to scrap off a big chunk. The fruit was good and fresh.I do enjoy eating outdoors when I come to Joe's, but I find myself trying to get away from bugs and making sure none fall in my food, so I may have to stick to eating inside.I'll still keep the four stars as I do enjoy dinner and the service has always been friendly and quick.
4	Redemption. Just like the what the USA Olympic basketball team did at the recent games, Joe's Farm Grill redeemed themselves today.      I just had to give them one more chance. Maybe I caught them on a bad day when I went there in June. I was initially going to go to El Taco Loco to give them a try but alas they were already closed. So I made my way back up Higley and I thought I'd give Joe another chance.     I ordered the Farm Burger with cheddar and grilled onions which came with regular fries and the requisite chocolate shake. The burger this time came out nice and juicy with the grilled (they should be called caramelized) onions giving it the finishing touch. Also this time I noticed that the pickles had a kinda sweet kinda dill flavor to them. Very interesting in a really tasty way. The fries, like the sweet potato fries I had earlier, came out crisp on the outside and tender and pipng hot inside. And the shake, oh the shake. It's sooo good!  So to you, Joe's Farm Grill, you have redemmed yourselves and I hereby put you in my "What do I want to eat" rotation.
5	I live down the street and have been going to Joe's Farm Grill since Its been open.  I have never had an item on the menu that wasn't great.   This place is organized, comfortable and very family friendly, with plenty of outside seating. It can be super busy at times but it always worth the wait.  My favorites are:  Pepperoni Pizza or any of their pizzas, Grilled Cheese, Fried zucchini, sweet potato fries or any of their fries. Breakfast is awesome as well. I always get the Monte Cristo fritters with boysenberry syrup. Its worth a drive out there for those that live far way.
5	I love Joes Farm Grill. It's definately worth the drive! I have never had anything from here that wasn't absolutely delicious! They have great pumpkin milkshakes too :D It's very cute and great for families or even a cute place to go for a date. Except if you hate kids (like me). These little shits are everywhere, running around screaming and being gross with food all over their faces. Wtf, for real. But the plus is that it's right next door to Cosmo Dog Park, so there are always a few cute dogs hanging out with their owners. Oh, and the food is kickass.
4	Joe's Farm Grill is great.  I may be a little biased as I'm in walking distance, but the food is fresh and very tasty.  I have had both the breakfast and dinner items (i've tried several) and I've never been disappointed.  It's great to sit outside in the 75 degree weather.  From the gourmet pallet to the kid in all of us, Joe's will hit this spot.
4	Excellent food, everything tasted great.  I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich & Garlic fries.  They use only hormone-free, natural grain fed chickens, which is maybe why the meat was so tender.  Tossed in hot wing sauce, bleu cheese and some nicely cut celery, it was like eating hot wings in a sandwich.  And it wasn't just quickly slapped together and tossed down the line, these guys took their time.  Also, I'm a big fan of iced tea, and whatever it is they're using here is superior to most.I was a little annoyed at first paying $14 for a chicken sandwich & fries; but when I sat down and ate it, I felt like I really got what I paid for...a damn good chicken sandwich.  I will most likely return to try other things on the menu.
4	Unlike Cassandra, I love kids and brought 4 of my own to Joe's. We all loved it. Fresh tasty food, great outdoor seating and lost of room for the kids to play with all of those dogs etc. The ahi tuna was cooked right and the slaw on it was amazing. The french fries might be the best I have ever had. The Chocolate shake was good but a little too rich for my taste. My wife said that the Buffalo chicken sandwich she ate was the best chicken sandwich ever. Her ice tea was amazing. My eldest daughter had the grilled peanut butter and banana split which had chocolate chips, pineapple, strawberries and of course peanut butter that was very different but great! The only drawbacks were the sweet potato fires ( not bad but I have had much better) there was only one condiment and drink area and that was clear on the other side of the fairly large area of land and the lone garbage can was also quite far. The pluses obviously are the tasty fresh food and of course plenty of room for kids to play and bother Cassandra.
4	Four of us went Saturday evening, and I was excited to find several open tables inside and little wait to order.  It's a really neat building with a great story, appealing to my love of things local, natural, and organic.  Although....however natural my grilled cheese and french fries were, I'm sure they weren't healthy!  Definitely delicious with the texas toast, and a chocolate shake to top it off!  The boyfriend enjoyed the BBQ Bacon Blue Burger and garlic fries, although I had to stay away from him after that because those were stroooong!  I'm not sure it's a good place to go on a date, since yes, there were plenty of kids around and this was just a Saturday evening.  In fact, several were playing in the ditch as we went to leave.  I can only imagine a weekend morning.  Great if you have kids since there's lots of outdoor space to run around in, not so great if you don't want to hear it.  Overall, a unique and pleasant addition to Gilbert!
4	Good, wholesome American cooking featuring fresh, local ingredients. Gourmet burgers and french fries is what I enjoyed here.
5	We love this place.  My daughter can run around the picnic tables and we can bring the dog too.  Our dog enjoys hitting the nearby dog park afterwards too.  I don't think I've had anything on the menu that I didn't like.  I like the fontina burger, the portobello mushroom sandwich with the green goddess dressing (yum), and the BBQ chicken pizza.  I also love that I can get the fresh beet salad with blue cheese in place of french fries.  I really don't have anything negative to say about it other than the drive.  We live about 45 minutes away, but still make a point of going there as often as we can.
4	I saw this place featured on the Food Network about a year or so ago and never beforehand that it was right in my neighborhood. What a pleasant surprise! This place has a small indoor seating area with many outdoor tables (with misters in the summertime). You walk right in to this old farmhouse, order at the counter, and take your pager to your table as they freshly cook each item your group orders. They are co-owned with Joe's Real BBQ (in downtown Gilbert), which means their BBQ menu is beyond amazing- the pulled pork was to die for :)Just to the west of the restaurant is a small coffee shop, which makes this an ideal date destination... post dinner coffee gives you plenty of time to chat.
4	Great super fresh food and feels very hometown-ish... that's good.The food rocks and there's ample indoor and outdoor seating.Food Network's "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives" with host Guy Fieri filmed a segment there which probably helped with some popularity but their food is great so it's no wonder they're already famous.See you there.
4	We took a trip of the Southwest and wanted to catch a couple places that were featured on Diner's, Drive-ins and Dives. Since it was New Year's Eve alot of the places we tried to hit right in Phoenix were closed. We decided to call Joe's and they keep the same hours rain or shine. It was a drive outside of Phoenix but we don't mind the drive. Obviously. Any who, we arrived here finally cause the Tom-Tom was giving us the totally wrong directions. We arrived at this place and not so many people inside, which is nice. We forgot what the episode featured so we went with our gut. I got the ribs and hubby got the hamburger with garlic fries. OMG!!!! Everything was freakin fantastic. The Garlic Fries were outstanding. The sauce they used for the ribs was great. Hubby LOVED the burger. Everything was fresh and was just a step above the rest.  Especially since this is considered fast food.  Who would of thunk?
5	We found this place before it was featured on TV.  After looking at new houses down the road, the agents in the listing office gave my husband and I a coupon for this place since we mentioned that we were going to eat lunch.  We decided to try it and I'm so glad we did!  I always get the same burger, the blue cheese/bbq burger.  It is sooooo good!  Messy and delicious. Fries are excellent.  You can sit outside or in.  Outside you can sit on tables out in the grass under trees, as if you are on a picnic.  Totally cute place.  Worth the trip over here!
4	With 40 people already writing reviews: WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?It is a simple place, much more diner than restaurant, you stand in line to order then pick up when your number is called. But the food is great. Wonderful salads and a fantastic grilled ahi tuna.And did you hear, they grow their own veggies.Would Guy or me ever lead you wrong?
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. I have been going here for years and the atmosphere is amazing and still not as great as the super fresh food. It's gotten a little crazy since the Food Network show (I was there the day after not realizing; and the line was INSANE) but it doesn't dissuade me. Especially when you can take a walk down the path after and burn off a few calories and scope out the farm itself.
5	OMG!!! that's what comes to mind when you taste the food here! Fresh, fast service, atmosphere is great, even the bathroom are cool!I had the B-B-Q chicken pizza, which was to die for! Nice crispy crust, lots of chicken, w/green onions and of course B-B-Q sauce. The hubby had their bacon w/ blue cheese burger, which was equally as good. After walking the grounds for 1/2 hr to get our meal down, we ordered a chocolate shake.. yummy!!! This place is a real treat!
4	this place is like having picnic only you dont have to bring the food. Its fresh all their produce and meat w/ the  exception of the tuna come locally or from their organic farm. ITs fresh, fast and relaxing there. i love eating outside. it has a huge tree that is awsome that you can sit under, but becareful, there is a sgn that says falling scorpians. but if it does fall down maybe they could fry it up for you! hehe.
3	I'm a huge fan of Joe's BBQ, and Joe's Farm Grill is okay, but not the best.  First, the physical facility, while quaint and has some nice history behind it, is just uncomfortable and very oddly organized (drink stations outside, other things inside).  The trash cans suck royally.  While I can appreciate the effort to drive recycling, having a trash can that has shapes for everything is just dumb.  It results in piles of trash near the entry of them and not good for when you take a tray full of garbage to the can only to have to find a place to set it down to sort.Food -- good.  I think the burger and the pizza are probably my favorite here.  Oddly you'd expecte more carryover from Joe's BBQ as far as BBQ options, but there isn't -- didn't bother me though.  Sweet potatoe fries are great as is the dipping sauce that comes with it.Shakes when in season with fresh berries are yum.  Desserts sound better than they are, so I'd pass and head to Nielson's if you want a dessert instead.As a place for larger groups it stinks -- tables are crowded and small.  If you want to sit outside that may be fine, but the huge trees sometimes attract unwanted insects :-).Overall okay if you are in the mood for something different.
5	This is the perfect place to go on a nice day.  Even if the weather isn't good, its still a great place to go.  There isn't a whole lot of seating inside, but there is enough for a good amount of people.  However I don't think Joe wants us to eat inside :)  .  What I really like about this place is their setup.  It's different than anything that you have seen before, and just for that it becomes an enjoyable place.  There food is good too,  now I have only eaten there once, so I can only comment on the food I had (the Pulled Pork Sandwich).  It was actually really good.  From other places, ordering the same thing, you sometimes get so much bbq sauce that you cant taste the pork.  Not at Joes Farm Grill :) Their normal fries are good, but next time I will have to try the other varieties.  Overall, Good Food, Great Atmosphere and I will go back.  I recommend anyone to go there if you are in the Gilbert area.
4	A couple of friends and I were in town to catch some Spring Training Games.  A friend who used to live in AZ highly recommended Joe's to us.  After getting confused in the Loop a few times, we finally made it.The Belgian Waffle and BBQ Pork Ribs was the dish of choice.  Waffles and Ribs for Breakfast?  We were in heaven!  I've told others of this combo and even showed them our photos.  They were disgusted and said that was the most unhealthy breakfast they'd ever heard of.  How can 4 smoked baby back ribs be worse for you than say 4 link sausages or 4 slices of bacon, both of which are fried?  Although the meat didn't fall off the bone, the ribs were tender.  I wasn't fond of the sauce, it was a little too tangy for my taste. (see photo)The fresh apple mini fritters were also a hit.  They're fried fresh to order, served hot, and rolled in cinnamon sugar.  (see photo)We also had the chicken and mushroom scramble.  Grilled chicken, mushrooms, caramelized onion, fontina + cream cheese.  It was good, but definately not my favorite of the three, and I probably wouldn't order it again.This is a must eat spot if you're in the Phoenix area, and worth the drive.
5	What a treat.  We made the trip out to Tempe for Spring training and researched the restaurants on DDD.  Didn't have much time and could only try one place and settled on Joe's.  What a treat!  I had the BBQ Bacon Blue Cheee Burger...Amazing.  My DH had the BBQ chicken Pizza.  Both were nicely flavored, not overwhelming but done perfectly.  We had a few sides...Baked Potato Fries and Onion rings.  Tasty.  Not overly greasy and great flavor.  We sat outside under lovely fragrant citrus trees as the sun set.  If it wasn't for the idiot children climbing the trees and throwing the lovely fruit against anything they could find...it would have been perfect a perfect night. But Kudos to the staff for stepping in and doing the job of the horrible parents .  They were asked not to climb the trees and told they could only take fruit they could reach.  After wandering around the property and snapping a few pictures we made our way back for some rice pudding and hot fudge sundae.  Had 2 bites of the rice pudding just to try it but not impressed.  Overly seasoned with cinnamon, but not bad.  The toasted pecans on the ice cream were magnificent and the chocolate sauce wasn't amazing, but something about it hit the spot and we enjoyed it.  I wouldn't go back for dessert, but the atmostphere & menu has made it's way into my top 10 restaurants of all time.  I'd almost drive 5 hours again just for dinner.  But we'll be back next year.  ;-)
5	Joe's delivers on both food and atmosphere. Sitting outside at a picnic table eating their sweet potato fries is the perfect way to spend an afternoon. I highly recommend this place for groups, couples and families.
3	I liked the atmosphere and I definitely suggest visiting the restrooms, they are unexpected.Food wise, there were two of us and we had burgers.  Their burgers are one of those really big really thin patties.  I think they even say something about 1/3 pound of meat.  That would be 1/3 pound of meat before cooking and it is probably with 70% because they were just really thin and really well done when they were served.  The burgers were DRY.  I had no idea what people were raving about the food for.  It was not all that!  I substituted onion rings and those were mediocre at best as well.  The shakes were tasty though.A big plus is that you can bring your dog.  There were tons of dogs there on a nice spring day just chillin'.  I didn't see the fly problem that people were talking about but have to admit that I was put off by the signs that said "do not climb on trees, fall hazard and scorpions.  SCORPIONS!???!!!  I'm am not sitting near any tree ever again and hesitate to even walk in the grass.I will probably go back at least one more time in the future and get anything but the burgers.  Hopefully they won't cook the ever living life out of my food.
5	Gilbert based master restaurateur Joe Johnston, (Joe's Real BBQ, Liberty Market), invites you into his childhood home for some of the best food around. Located in Gilbert's Agritopia, (Ray Rd. just west of Higley Rd.), Joe's Farm Grill is a little slice of heaven.Wide lawns, large shady trees pleanty of outdoor tables as well as seating inside create a relaxed environment that encourages you to relax and take it easy. A perfect picnic spot that just happens to have a perfect restaurant located at it's center.Breakfast, lunch or dinner, this is a spot you want to bring everyone you know to help you enjoy it to the fullest.We have only been a couple of times so far and have yet to manage to come out for Breakfast, but the burgers, sandwiches and grilled pizzas have so far proven to be excellent. And the onion rings are the best in the state!Milkshake anyone? Because Joe's makes absolutely wonderful shakes and malts and the root beer float was so good you'll think you're 6 again at an old soda fountain with your friends.Many of the farm fresh ingredents are grown right there on the Agritopia farm, literally going from the field to your plate. The burger was top drawer and cooked to perfection and the onion rings were a grand accompaniment though their fries and their sweet potato fries are just as good.Nearly all of the menu is priced below $10.00 but there are some exeptions, but those exceptions are surely worth the price. Overall though the menu prices are very reasonable. Ordering is done at the counter where you are given a number and called when your order is ready. The process is very quick, despite the long line on our first visit we were enjoying our lunch much sooner than we expected.I would highly recommend Joe's Farm Grill to anyone!
4	Joe's restaurants are always interesting to review because they have so many facets.Food - A wide range of food that is both tasty and fresh, I have yet to go with someone who couldn't find something they liked on the menu. Personal favorites are the BBQ Chicken Pizza and the Sweet Potato Fries. I also like their milkshakes, though they tend to be more tasty calories than I should be packing these days. Most of the veggies and food comes from the nearby farm.Restaurant - Retro furturistic farmstead? I don't know where Joe gets his concepts, but they are fun. The building is the old Johnston family house, and the fireplace in the inside dining area still looks like it is from the 1950s. Also, be sure to visit the restrooms.Outside Area - My one downside to this restaurant is the free for all often found around the building. The grass area is a great place for kids, but too many parents seem to think this is a license to let their kids run around unsupervised. I usually opt to eat inside as a result, which is a shame because it is such a beautiful area. Overall an honest recommendation for Joe's Farm Grill, one of the tastiest places around!
4	why is this place so far away??we ordered a burger, the grilled chicken sandwich, fries and onion rings. we topped it off w a fresh strawberry shake since it was the special for the day. we split everything and boy oh boy was it great! I have also heard that their pizza is awesome and their breakfast. I need to go back and get both.also, don't forget to check out the bathroom. i think i spent like 15 minutes in there. lol jk. it is pretty entertaining though.
5	Joe's Farm Grill is very different from the original Joe's Restaurant, "Joe's Real BBQ."  For one thing, the decor is more modern, with a family bent.  This restaurant is situated on a real farm.  Well it used to be a lot bigger. There are fields and gardens in the back.  There's a huge grassy area with lots of trees, benches and shady spots so families can bring their kids and let them run and play while they eat.   Families with young kids seem to enjoy it here.I ordered the Fontina Burger with Sweet Potato Fries.  Note the burger runs about $7.99 and includes fries.  To get Sweet potato, you need to pay a $2.00 upgrade fee.The burger was huge- 1/3 pound!  It was not a shriveled, dry, meat patty that you would find somewhere else. Definitely low fat content, moist and flavorful.  I loved the veggies on top, grilled mushrooms, roasted red peppers, homemade pesto, and fresh greens.  And the cheese was just the right flavor for the veggies.  I also added a multi grain bun which was just right.Of course the sweet potato fries were awesome.  They came with a pineapple-serrano dipping sauce which was not needed.  These fries have enough flavor on their own.Fresh food, fresh taste, homemade goodness!  Try Joe's Farm Grill!Oh by the way, follow them on Twitter! @joesfarmgrill.  I found out too late that they were offering a free fry upgrade that night for their followers.  Enjoy!
5	MMMmmmmmm...what isn't to love about this place!!!! a MUST VISIT for any local or a local with out of town guests.  ANything you order will please you - promise.  (oh - and check out the bathrooms - very cool)
4	This place is certainly worth a visit, and I live all the way in Moon Valley (North Phoenix)!!  Great atmosphere in the middle of a community based around a large garden/small farm with mature trees and a great patio surrounding this old (at least by AZ standards) building!!Food is pretty standard fare with burgers, sandwiches and deep fried goodies.  They do a pretty good job, few places do an awful job, but the spot is the draw here.
4	I was here over the weekend while visiting family in Phoenix.  The food was great, very fresh, reasonably priced and it was a perfect atmosphere for families with kids or even a date.  I wish we had one in my part of the country, but for now, I'll just plan to make it a stop again when I'm in town next time.  I had a cheeseburger, fries and a chocolate shake and it was all that I could wish for!!
4	I love the ambiance at Joe's Farm Grill.  It's great to grab your food and sit outside at one of the many picnic tables.  Stopping there with the dogs after an afternoon at Cosmo Dog Park is a must!  There is something for everyone on the menu, from gourmet burgers (all I have to say is fontina! Yum!) to pizza, to ribs.It's also a great place to take out-of-state guests who just blew into town from one of those cold climates.  They are usually psyched to be sitting outside enjoying a meal during the winter without having a propane heater involved.  Make sure you go for a walk on the grounds too.  It's very relaxing and a great way to work off a few calories!
2	The atmosphere is really cool, but the food is mediocre. I ordered the veggie pizza and friend got the BBQ platter with garlic fries. The best thing was the garlic fries. The pizza wasn't good and the BBQ was average. Next time I think I'll try a burger with the garlic fries.
4	We had breakfast on mothers day, waffles, eggs with potatos all very good.
3	It's a great concept, and a cute restaurant, but the food is really fast-food at sit-down prices.  I had a burger, and it was incredibly dry (and I never even tasted the cheese).  The fries, onion rings, and shakes were great, but given the cost, they better have been!We tried to sit outside, and the instant we brought our food out, we were absolutely swarmed by flies - so we gave up, and went inside.
5	Joe's Farm Grill is a jewel on the southeast side of the Valley. From the retro 60's farm decor to the reuse of the old farm buildings to the top-notch food, Joe's is worth a trip from any part of town.My wife and I had been to Liberty Market, one of Joe Johnston's other restaurants and we wanted to try Joe's Farm Grill. After a trip to Schnepf Farms, we decided it was a good opportunity to try Joe's for lunch.I had a Fontina burger with fries and I was highly impressed. The burger itself was juicy and flavorful, without being greasy. The meat itself is lightly season with a mixture of herbs and spices, probably including salt, pepper and thyme, but I don't know for sure. Regardless, it made for a great patty. The mushrooms, red pepper, and arugula on the burger were fresh and yummy. I would have gone a little lighter on the pesto spread, but it was good, so I won't nitpick too much.The fries were done just right, cut to a good size with the skin on and fried to perfection...crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. My wife had garlic fries with her meal and claimed they were the best garlic fries she's ever had. I tried some and I'm inclined to agree. The garlic seasoning mixture was done very well and wasn't loaded too heavily on the fries, nor was it too skimpy.I look forward to returning to Joe's for many meals in the future, especially for a breakfast.
3	I've been here 2 or 3 times, and the big reason is that I live about 5 minutes from Joe's. To be honest, I have to say this up front. DON'T BUY THE HYPE!!! There are some people who go on here and gush about this place like its the second coming (and seeing how the area is like the bible belt of the phoenix area, its something they are used to). The food is good, but never great. I can name a number of places i have had better burgers, fries, sandwiches, etc. all in the east valley. The big kick is that it is all fresh, but it doesn't have that "oh wow" fresh taste that i've gotten from other "fresh" restaurants.  The food is not bad though, I enjoy it though the price doesn't justify average food when you can drive a block or two down and get an In N Out burger for 2 bucks. The "old house" decor is also fairly fun and unique and do give points for that. I would recommend going to Joe's BBQ well before recommending Joe's farm grill.
4	I had the "waffle and meat" and I got some killer waffle and meat.First for the food. Usually belgian waffles are so heavy that you take four bites and you're done. Even for an eater like me, they are tough to put away. My waffle here was light and I ate the entire thing. Bonus: didn't feel like a tub o'lard after, either. Was just-right kind of full. The meat I picked was ham and I love that I got a big, thick slice of it. Lots of flavor, not lots of grease. Sweet and salty magic, is basically what my plate was.My dad had the pancakes with fruit. Same thing: light and fluffy. He put his away, and he and I are about the same size. Yeah, shut up.The cool part, other than our great breakfasts, was the setting. Living in a gigantor city, it was really nice to be able to go a place and feel like you're somewhere else. Being on a farm isn't something you get to do every day, here, and it was kind of a fun adventure. I'll be back for breakfast, fo sho.
4	This place is so cute!  It's a little interesting how it's looks like a cafeteria though.  However, I like the idea of it being on a farm.  I had the bbq pork sandwich and the meat was amazing.  They loaded it on as well.  The cole slaw was disappointing though because it had absolutely no flavor.  I don't like much mayo in my slaw but it still wasn't flavorful enough.  The sweet potato fries were so very good.  They are nice and crispy.  The sauce that came with it was a little too sweet for me so I made my own garlic aioli sauce to dip.  Using mayo, the garlic from my garlic fries and a package of lemon juice they provide.  I really like the idea of the packaged lemon juice since I heard slices of lemon wedges can be really unsanitary.  I also tried the bbq bacon blue burger and it was tasty.  All ingredients are Joe's are really fresh.  I didn't know this but I could have substituted (probably for more $$$ though) my slaw with any fries.  Also, the burger comes with plain fries and you can substitutes garlic or sweet fries as well.  I got a side order of sweet potato fries and it was way too much food!
5	What a great place to take out of town guests. I haven't had anything that I didn't like. A nice touch is the signs warning of scorpions in the trees. It truly is a great treat. I'm hungry just thinking about this place.
4	Hot damn, this place is a great desert oasis. It's out there for people in the city... like, wayyyy out there, but it's worth the drive. It's been hyped up on the Food Network and stuff, but all the talk is earned. The food here is supremely fresh (they pretty much grow everything steps away) and cooked in inventive ways (see: GRILLED pizzas. Yes, I did just say that.) that makes me actually eager to try just about everything on the menu. I like that Joe's has created a little complex of different concepts on their land. The Coffee Shop next door is about the coolest that Gilbert can get and the little farm stand with refrigerated veggies and herbs is oh so convenient. One more thing: the slaw on the ahi tuna sandwich is heaven. Purely a delight.
5	One of my favorite spots of all time. Arizona outdoor eating does not get any better. Great place for a quiet breakfast, great spot for families with kids or dogs, great place to meet people. Joe's Farm Grill violates some of my food rules; 1) NEVER order a burger made of anything but cow. Joe's Ahi tuna burger is amazing (I AM NOT KIDDING).   2) ONLY order pizza at a restaurant that specializes in pizza. At Joe's they grill the crust and then cover with BBQ sauce, chicken and bacon. Delicious.Also must try: fried shrimp dinner, apple fritters (breakfast), cream puff with chocolate sauce for desert.
3	The only thing that avoids the 4th star is the lack of veggies in their menu (aside from "just salads"). But if you are in the mood of a burger or ribs, and also a nice place outdoors this is the place. The taste of their products is fresh and they do feel recently harvested.If you are not US born (like me) and used to have always veggies with your meet...you'll miss somehow here. Good for a meat craving day.
4	I first heard about this place from my dad in Arlington, Tx. He had seen an episode of Diner's, Drive Ins, and Dives, and thought the food looked really good. Since my brother was in town, I thought going to eat here would be something to do in my dad's memory. I had also seen the Diner's, Drive Ins, and Dives show about this place and thought it looked worth a try. After reading some of the reviews I must say I believe they are buying into some of the hype created by the aforementioned show. We went around noon, so we expected it to be busy, but the line to order was like standing in line waiting to board an amusement ride, as you circle through metal line dividers. You grab your menus from a menu holder up by the window. You figure this out on your own by the way. So after about a 20 minute wait, we get to the window. The woman taking our order could have cared less. Her hair was long (past her shoulders) and not tied back, or clipped up which I think isn't a good idea working around all that food. She was obviously not having a good day and got the order wrong. I didn't realize the order was wrong until we were outside at the fountain drink place. Thankfully my daughter went back inside to clarify the order. There was another line at the fountain drinks/condiments area, but again, it was lunch time. They give you a beeper that signals when your food was ready. Our beeper went off, we gathered our food, and went to sit inside. There were plenty of people sitting outside, but being that it's June in Arizona, inside felt a lot better. This was especially true for my brother visiting from Seattle. He had almost melted in Texas due to the humidity, lol. My daughter had the grilled cheese, and sweet potato fries. She liked them both. My brother had the farm burger, and I ordered the barbecue chicken pizza. We ordered garlic fries, and onion rings on the side for all of us to sample. The pizza was ok. Granted I expected it to be phenomenal after watching the TV show, but it was just ok. The garlic fries, and onion rings were good. My brother said the farm burger was good as well. Now, the dark chocolate shake was heavenly! I ordered one of these as my dad loved chocolate shakes. He would have loved it. It is a cute place to eat as it's has such a retro feel to it, but the line was something my dad would not have enjoyed. After looking at some of the pics reviewing this restaurant, and reading the reviews, I think breakfast here looks really worth a try. The food is good but the experience was a little lacking.FOLLOW UP-ALL IS GOOD. Truly a business shouldn't  be judged by one less than stellar experience. I still haven't tried breakfast yet but plan to do so soon. Joe's Farm Grill is a breath of fresh air and originality in a world of chain franchises.
5	This place is frickin awesome!!! I could write a whole page on this, but I love the atmosphere and I love the food and the prices are pretty good, but the vibe and atmosphere is the best. The staff is second to none, unbelievable. This place must breed great employees at all of their restaurants. I look forward to going back many times.
5	The only thing I would change about this place, is maybe a little cheaper, with that said for the quality of food it its amazing. My two favorite items here are the BBQ pizza and the BBQ bacon burger. My wife always gets the chicken sandwhich and its amazing. I am not a huge fan of sweet potato fries, but theres are amazing. They come with a garlic sauce. I would have to say the best side is onion rings. They are sooo good with some of there fresh ranch.This is the kind of place you want to take family from out of town. I always bring my dog there with me and eat outside with my wife. We just had a daughter and when she gets a little older I know we will be going here weekly since its so kid friendly and have a great kids menu. Oh by the way if your up early enough, there breakfast is amazing!!!
4	This is a great place. quiet and good food.
5	This is the best food ever. Great for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The Zuchini and sweet potato fries are amazing. The best portobello mushroom burger and best regular burger. Fontina Burger all the way. Joe grows his own ingredients mostly and you can taste the freshness of the ingredients. Highly highly recommended. Great atmosphere and you can also walk around the place for fun. When you sit outside and eat, it seems like you're in a whole other village.
5	Love this place! The fried greenbeans are the bomb and the bathrooms are the coolest thing ever. Have been there 4 times now and have always had exceptional service and FANTASTIC food! I can't wait for my family to visit so I can take them there. (It's 5min from where I live.)
4	Diamond in the 'burbs! This place is a great experience.  They incorporate great architecture, great restaurant technology, great variety of indoor/outdoor seating areas and the food is WONDERFUL! If you haven't already gone here, GO! And try the coffee shop, too!
4	Pretty cool place. Mix outdoor picnic tables with mid century modern indoor furniture by Vitra and what do you get? Joe's most eclectic collection yet. This guy really has an eye for design, and pairing great food with it doesn't hurt. I don't want to post 5 stars because I'm so fanatical about this place and realize it might not be for everyone, but if you appreciate great tasting food in the $8-$12 range, turn back the clock design and a very helpful crew of employees, go here now!
4	My sister is not adventurous when it comes to dining experiences.  Her idea of good eating is to go to a restaurant she's been to a billion times to order the same item over and over.  So getting her to eat anywhere that she's never been is hard work!I convinced her to try out Joe's Farm Grill with me today.  I drive by it on my way to work and on my way to the dog park on a regular basis and was curious about the place.  Was it a farm?  A restaurant? A produce stand?  But I'd forget about looking it up as soon as I drove by!Well finally I looked it up and was delighted to find out it was a retro-style casual eating place that had (also) featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.  So, I named dropped Guy to my sister and she reluctantly agreed to try it out.I had the fontina burger (dip it in ranch AND ketchup!) and the onion rings, while she had the grilled cheese sandwich and chili fries.  Everything was fresh, hot, not greasy like you'd expect, and amazingly delicious!  Afterward, we walked across the lot to The Coffee Shop where I had a yummy iced latte and we both had "glam" cupcakes.This place is a great place for a casual lunch or dinner.  It's definitely kid-friendly, and even a fun and casual place for a date!  I could even see the potential of throwing a party outside in their patio area.As for my sister?  She's a total convert.  As soon as we got home, she was on the phone with her boyfriend, gushing about the delicious place we'd just been to, with its retro layout, delicious food, and the too-cute coffee shop!
4	Amazing food, great service.  Really, have no complaints.  Their sweet potato fries and burgers are our favorite.  The portions are fairly big so we end up splitting most meals.
4	I came here with a friend and the toddler. We all enjoyed the ahi, the sweet potato fries and something else unmemorable, but not bad. Everything was good and as we sat and ate we looked over the menu and thought about what we'd like to have next time. The toddler had a ball running around the grassy hills afterwards playing. We were hoping the produce stand would be open but we were there the wrong time of year. Isn't that always the case? We'll be back Joe.  We'll be back.
4	So my boyfriend wakes me up this morning and decides that I need to check out Joe's Farm Grill for breakfast. I was reluctant due to the travel time, we are in Tempe. But can I tell you, this place is fantastic!!!!I had the Green eggs and ham scramble....yummy, you can taste those fresh ingredients, especially their home -made pesto.....delicious.We're on our way back there again today for dinner!
5	Fun family oriented place that serves great hamburgers and other classic American dishes. Great for a picnic outside or eat inside if it's hot. Loved this place, will definitely be back!
4	The Joe's restaurant empire is a perfect counter weight to the urban empire created by the folks in Phoenix at the La Grange Orange. Joe's is great, non pretentious, extremely fresh (it's located in a farm for crying out loud) and it's design is unique and well done.Well done.
3	Based on their fantastic food, I wouldn't hesitant to give Joe's 4 stars, but their Vanilla milkshake is horrible so they will have to settle for 3. I later found out via Twitter that the milkshakes contain a splash of lime juice in them because when the owner was a kid his local drug store made them that way. Apparently, the lime juice adds complexity and cuts out the richness. Are you kidding me? Isn't the entire reason milkshakes were created was for the richness. This is almost sacrosanct.  I'm surprised the ice cream didn't curdle because it tasted like old goat's milk. That being said, the food is finger linkin good and not all that bad for you either. Our group of four enjoyed the BBQ chicken pizza, Ahi Sandwich, Ribs and Onion Rings. Service was great and unpretentious, food was well prepared and fresh, and the atmosphere fun and upbeat. We will definitely visit again but leave the milkshake off our order.
3	I'll get straight to the point.  The pepperoni pizza wasn't any better than frozen, microwaveable pizza I've bought at the market.  All I could taste was the charred crust.  Maybe it was our fault for not getting their house specialty BBQ chicken pizza, but if they char the crust on that as much as they did w/ this, then I'll pass on that as well.  The description actually states that there's a slight char (since they grill the pizzas), but I would hardly describe our pizza as being slightly charred.  All we could taste was the char.The Fontina burger was good.  The veggies were fresh (as they are grown basically in the backyard of the restaurant) and each bite was just tender and savory.  I really enjoyed it.The onion rings were crispy and flavorful, but I wouldn't get the chili cheese fries again.  Nothing special there.They have a ribs and waffles combo that I'd want to try if I were to ever return.BTW, interesting bathroom.  That's all I'll say about that.
5	Can't believe I'm just now getting around to reviewing Joe's.  Lately I eat here more than I eat at home!This is the quintessential non-chain eating experience.  Joe's grub isn't cheap, but you get what you pay for, and Brak would FAR rather pay more for good grub than suffer with a "bargain" meal.  Joe's delivers great value despite the high prices, because the food is that good.I've had lots of things on the menu and loved all of it.  For some reason, I'd avoided the BBQ chicken pizza for a long time, probably because I've had others that weren't so hot.  Then I caught the clip on DD&D on Food Network (search for "Joe's Farm Grill" on youtube to see it), which featured the pie, and realized that if Joe was serving it to Guy Fieri, then it MUST be awesome.  Well, I'm here to tell you, it is freaking awesome!  Currently my favorite meal on the entire planet.  I'm getting a hankerin' for one right now, just writing about it.. despite the fact that I had one yesterday!If you're anywhere in the area and haven't been to Joe's, do yourself a favor and get your ass over here, you will NOT be disappointed.  A solid 5+ stars on the Brak-o-meter.
4	This has become a place that I want to try to visit when I'm visiting my sister in Arizona.  It's located in an area in Gilbert called Agritopia and they try to use as much of the locally grown ingredients as they can in their food.  This place can get really busy and the line can get long during peak meal hours.  The setup is you order at the counter and then find a table to sit at.  Popular things on the menu are the BBQ pulled pork, ribs, and burgers.  I recently had the chicken pesto sandwhich, and it was delicious.  I also love the onion rings and sweet potato fries.They also have milkshakes that are good!
5	Since moving to Arizona, two years ago, we have eaten at Joe's many times.  We moved into a new house last year, and ran to Joe's to eat and break up the backbreaking.  My wife and I were both blown away by the food, and decided to make a trip back the next day for more.  Any time we have visitors, we always take them to Joe's, and almost always create new fans.Some menu items of interest are the Ahi burger, the 4B (Barbeque bacon blue-cheese burger), and the garlic fries.  We have only been for breakfast twice, but the first time had the bacon and blue cheese pancakes.  I have never had a better breakfast.  The combination sounds weird, but the sweetness of the pancake and the syrup were an amazing contrast to the blue cheese and the salty bacon.
5	This place is definitely worth the long trek out to Gilbert.  It's some sort of retro farm house planted in the midst of beautiful scenery... you won't miss it.Ahi Tuna Burger is heavenly.  Juicy seared Ahi tuna served on a bun w/ crunchy cabbage mix and a side of wasabi mayo?  Count me in.  Serious.  I always get the sweet potato fries because they are some sort of perfection.  This place serves the freshest food I have ever seen.  I guess the farm part helps?I would count this place down because there are usually so many loose children conquering the beautiful grounds while parents mindlessly chat amongst themselves but... I'm not that heartless.  It's usually always clean, the misters keep you cool & the heaters keep you warm.  This place is good for everyone... just beware of Chandler/Gilbert moms & dads who think farm grill is code for playground.
4	oh man, I gained 5 pounds on Sunday but since it was from Joe's I don't even really care - it was that good. I won't go into the local ingredients, Agritopia, etc since others already have but it is a wonderful thing. More below.The food was awesome. Very fresh, delicious and wholesome - you actually felt like you were eating food that was also good for you. Granted we just had the burgers and ice cream but there's a whole menu there to explore on future visits. I loved the signature burger with pesto & fontina, neither of which I had ever thought of but worked very well. The onion rings were good, as were the milkshakes and sundae. It really fills you up fast though, so try to pace yourself!I was equally enchanted with the setting. Beautiful place. Just like a farm oasis in the midst of suburbia - I hope it doesn't vanish in the midst of the houses all around it. Even the bathroom was noteworthy - clean, black and white with dolls and a closed circuit tv. It reminded me of the Jetsons - you know, the 60s idea of space age. Sitting outside wasn't too hot, as it's the one place I've seen so far where the misters really work and don't just spray you and puddle down.  The only down side was when I asked where the farm stand was and the cashier pointed it out, but without mentioning it was closed. Nor was there a sign at the actual location indicating when it would be open in the fall.Oh, and what was really nice was the sense of everyone relaxing - just kicking back and having a good time. definitely worth going to again, and again ...
5	If it weren't for Triple D (Diners, Drive-ins and Dives), I wouldn't have visited this place when I went to go see rent at ASU.  However, this was probably one of my favorite parts of the excursion.   I ordered the Ahi Tuna Sandwich for myself and accidentally ordered the Ahi Salad for my friend who hates fish.  She ate every last bite of her meal. The sandwich was just as wonderful, but I could always use a little more kick from the wasabi (being the heat junky that I am).  We also ordered the veggie pizza which I was lucky to get a slice of since the table devoured (with good reason) before I had my chance to attack.  We ordered all the different fries they have. Sweet Potato and the Garlic were my favorite.  However, you have to eat the Garlic when it's fresh, since the oil gives the fries a slightly rancid taste if it sits too long.  Finally, I had to have desert (although I don't know where I found the room for it), a chocolate shake.  It was your typical shake, but with the temperature in Arizona, it did wonders to cool me down. When we were done, we looked at the farmers market and the houses in Agritopia.  I have to say these people have one of the best places to live.  Although I don't like the sun too much, I could easily be convinced to become an Arizonan for this!
4	We were here last night wanting some good ribs.  It is one of the cutest little diner-ish restaurant surrounded by the trees and acres of land.  The ordering process is pretty much the same as the original Joe's real bbq in Gilbert but the decor and ambiance is way different.  It is much more contemporary.  I must say, until last night, I had the assumption that this place is a restaurant...you know, like Cracker Barrel and such.  But It is pretty much as casual as the Joe's real bbq which gives more character to the place.  After all, real bbq should be done self-serve style :)My bf tried the Fontina Burger and I had the Baby back ribs with Mango milkshake.  (note:  Mango milkshake is limited time only so you should try it NOW)  We got our pager and waited maybe around 20min?...yeah, it was a little long but it's all good.  We were enjoying the nice, calm breeze outside.  The food was great!  We were a little skeptical since we didn't really have a wonderful time at Joe's real bbq.  But the baby back ribs were very tender and juicy with great flavor.  The winner though was the Fontina burger.  The little hint of pesto did the trick we think.  The fries...we preferred the regular fries over the sweet potato.  It tastes wonderful the first few bites but afterwards, you kinda feel like you had enough...you know?  Overall, it was a great experience.  I know that I have the tendency to complain saying "it is not as good as L.A." but this place is different.  There is no way that a place like this exists in L.A. and we love it.*Food = great*Service = good but you basically serve yourself*Price = good*Decor = very cool.  OH YOU HAVE TO SEE THE BATHROOM.  I know it's kinda weird for me recommend seeing the bathroom in a restaurant but it is one of the COOLEST BATHROOMS I've ever been into.
4	Joe's is: * dog and kid friendly* super cute with a great outdoor area * good, fresh food for you.  Their chicken is antibiotic and hormone free and they grow many of their own veggies* busy, but not crowdedI've eaten at both Joe's locations, and I prefer this one.
1	This place is totally overated...way too expensive with small portions. Food is really not all that. Nice restaurant and very clean.
4	9/11Finally made it out here!  While they were offering up their "Dog Days of Summer" (everyday in September offered two different gourmet hot dog selections, most of which sounded divine even though I rarely consume them nowadays) and fresh lemonade, I decided to try their bacon blue cheese burger with sweet potato fries.While I waited for my order, I decided to check out the restroom facility to wash my hands and found, to my slight discomfort, an animation film classic "Stingray" playing on a 13" television console inside (along with showcases of Barbie and Ken on the walls).  While novel to see, as I said, this blast-from-the-past just made me want to leave the facility as fast as I could.  Something about those faces creeps me out!This burger was SUPERB!   I cannot find fault in any of the components, from the grilled bun and perfectly-grilled patty, to the tasty homemade BBQ (a popular offering from JFG's sister company, Joe's Real BBQ) smothered on huge and crispy bacon and onion rings, to the heavenly chunky blue cheese dressing!  (Oh, that blue cheese dressing... Just give me a cup of this dressing and a straw to slurp it all up and I'm a happy camper!).  The sweet potato fries were amazing!!  Yes, I'd gladly drive 70 miles RT to order this platter of food again and again.  But, let's not forget to make room for dessert!  Hot fudge sundae lovers must try the mud sundae, a twist on the classic hot fudge sundae with malt added.  Mmmm....It was a little busy when I arrived at 11a, and thankful I was to arrive then for the lunch time crowd was ridiculous!  Patio-seating (shaded by trees) was crowded, and indoors soon mirrored the patio, with a line threatening to extend beyond the doors (and it was so hot that day, too!)
2	After reading all the other reviews I am willing to try this place one more time because the first time I gotta say, my wife and I were not impressed.  We both had the Waffle and meat breakfast and a fruit (bowl).  A customer had to actually point out where to order because I was being ignored by all of their employees.  The fruit bowl for $2.49 consisted of a total of 6 or 7 small pieces of fruit and looked rather rediculous.  I wouldn't even mind paying a bit more for more fruit served in a larger food tray.  The waffle was tasty but they could definitely give you 2 because it cost $7 for 1 eight inch waffle, kind of silly.  There was also no available portion cups to dispense my syrup.  I was still pretty hungry when I left and usually when you spend $25 for breakfast for 2, you usually leave pretty satisfied.  The employees were pretty rude and unhelpful and look at you funny when you ask where things are.  Maybe if things were labeled and more obvious, such looks would be warranted.  After we were finished eating we wandered over to the farm stand to check out the fresh fruit and figs that were advertised on an A-frame sign on the street but to our dismay, there was no fruit (or figs) in the farmstand, in fact it was closed.  We tried to go to the Coffee house part of the restaurant but when we were walking up a Gilbert fire truck pulled up and paramedics rushed in so maybe next time....or not.  We will try lunch next time, definitely.....
5	Just ate here for the first time on Saturday and totally loved it. Some friends had been recommending it to us, and we had seen it driving by, but it wasn't until Saturday that we actually got out there. I was totally impressed by the atmosphere (we sat outside because the weather was nice and the scenery beautiful, but there is inside seating also). I had the bacon burger and it was delicious -- can't wait to go back!
3	10/02Met a friend here for breakfast- the first for the both of us.  I've only been here once for lunch (4 stars).After a few minutes of pouring over the menu, we decided on pancakes and meat (for me) and a three-egg scramble for him.  On my first visit I heard that JFG also sells fresh-squeezed lemonade, so I thought I'd try it, as well as order a side of apple fritters, which had sounded so good to me ever since I first read of it three years ago.It was a beautfiul morning, so we elected to dine out in the patio.  I chose a corner table next to the trees, whereupon my companion noticed a sign that stated to the effect that scorpions are known to populate the area!  My friend then wondered why does JFG set up tables under trees if this is a hazard?  Good question, indeed.Eventually, our buzzer signaled that our food was ready for pick-up.  I was so excited on finally having breakfast there that I went w/ my friend to retrieve the tray.  Upon gazing at my pancakes, my excitement somewhat deflated, as you can see, they looked a little burnt.  And plain.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0FUtlsQrJI7LhqDPxLumEw?select=WPazpp7FyTa532mVPVBRogThankfully, the apple-cider smoked bacon helped to counter this effect, but not by much.  His scrambled eggs looked so much more appetizing, and I almost lost my resolve to avoid eggs and try a bite.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0FUtlsQrJI7LhqDPxLumEw?select=RzOiqjlXyzoTNX4dmrD3jg  Very much enjoyed the apple fritters, even though bites revealed more dough than apples in the filling.  Lemonade was, without a doubt, very tart, but we both liked it.$25 for pancakes and bacon, scrambled eggs (w/ country potatoes, apple-cider bacon, and flatbread), a bottle of water, a large tumbler of fresh lemonade, and apple fritters.  Not bad, I thought, especially when I pointed it out that the produce, eggs, and meat are locally-produced and may be organic, but my friend didn't think that the meals were any better than those one would find at The Good Egg.  Stealing another longing glance at his non-greasy egg platter, I begged to differ...  Allergy results be damned, I'm going to try JFG's "Green eggs and ham" on my next go!
5	I think Joe's Farm Grill is actually run by the mob!  Why you may ask?  Well, Except for one 2 star review, I dont seem to see any negative reviews.  Its either because "The Family" keeps the reviewers in check...or, Joe's is legitimately an amazing place.  I guess it's the latter but I'm going to go on thinking whatever I want!Joe's was the second food stop on our trip througout the southwest.  Although we had breakfast only a few hours before we got to Joe's we still did our best to push our gastro abilities to the limits.  At first I looked through the huge menu at a ton of options that sounded good.  From the BBQ Pork Plate to the Ahi Tun Sandwich to the BBQ Pizza, there are a ton of great options that you would never expect at a Burger place.  But Joe's is so much more then a burger place.  The ingredients are fresh, not just fresh but actually from the farm next door fresh.  That being said...I got a burger Well I got a burger, chili fries, a vanilla bean milkshake and a ginger ale to wash it all down.http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y143/skptk13/DSCF1424.jpgI dont even like sour cream and I grubbed those chili fries all down.  The burger was exceptional and the milk shake...oh that milkshake.http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y143/skptk13/DSCF1448.jpgNuff Said!The whole experience was amazing.  Although I was with my girl, I even ran into this cute chick in the bathroom http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y143/skptk13/DSCF1431.jpg
4	Have now managed to make it out for breakfast a couple of times and we were much pleased. The portions are good sized and the food delicious. There are so many choices that it will be impossible to describe here, suffice to say that everything was wonderful.Not to mention the lovely park like private feeling picnic spots all around the building that really make my morning!Huzzah! For breakfast at Joe's Farm Grill!
3	So I'm apparently oblivious to the fact that anything with the name Joe is owned by the same person.  Luckily for me, I wasn't stupid enough to order bbq pork again.  Joe's Farm Grill is a pretty cool concept and probably the only decent place to eat on this side of the 202 (since Mobsters INC closed, at least).  There are enough review here that clearly he is doing something right.  Suburbanites love to feel like they don't live in a city and, I'm sure, love the idea of a restaurant with picnic tables and trees.  They must because the place was a freaking day care when we went, with snotty brats running all around and climbing on everything.Anyways, back to the food.  I ordered a BBQ Bacon Burger.  I didn't bother to specify how I wanted it cooked and it was, surprisingly, cooked to a decent medium-well.  I subbed some sweet potato fries with it and they were pretty good.  Little more pepper would have made them great but oh well.  The wife had wanted to sub the veggie fries with hers but they made us order a side of them.  That side was literally 3 pounds of fried veggies and was way too much for any human to consume.  They weren't really my thing but the wife enjoyed.This place does a lot of things well but they suffer from a lot of the logistical problems that Joe's BBQ does.  The line is better and it keeps people from getting backed up but they seem to run out of menus quickly.  People grab them, carry them in line, and leave them at the window.  As a result, there are no menus left when people walk in.  I refilled the thing twice while I was standing in line.  Also, the condiment/drink counter is outside and all in a row right by the door into the restaurant.  These weird clusters of people trying to get a drink or some sauce develop and creates an obstacle course for people going in and out of the restaurant.  This leads me to my final problem - the indoor pickup window.  While the summer is long and hot (and I'm sure leads to a lot of people usually sitting inside), the day we went had tons of people sitting outside.  When their buzzers went off, they had to go inside to pickup the food.  The single door seemed to be all sorts of hazardous for people going in to get food and people coming out with food.  Finally, and I know this sounds stupid, but the trash can outside has the smallest opening ever.  You cannot actually stick your plastic basket inside the trash can and turn it over to dump your food out.  You have to pick the stuff up out of the basket and throw it away with your hands.  I just finished my meal, cleaned my hands, and now I have to wash them again because I had to handle a greasy, sauce-covered piece of paper to throw it away.I know this sounds nitpicky but it turned what would normally be a 4-star peaceful lunchtime experience into a logistically stressful nightmare for me.  When you make it hard for me to get in and out with my food, it makes me feel like you don't want me there.  I know they are going to read this and I know they are going to dismiss it just like my gripes about Joe's BBQ but do me a favor, when you build your next restaurant, hire someone with a degree in urban planning to help with the layout instead of just cramming things wherever you think they will fit.
5	This place has it all. Fresh food. Vintage decor. Outdoor misting system for those uncomfortabley-sweaty summer days. Plenty of scooter parking. Beautiful shade trees (watch out for scorpions!). Oh and did I mention the food?My favorite item by far has to be the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. Tender grilled chicken breast smothered in tangy wing sauce nestled between a toasty bun that has been smeared with blue cheese and crunchy celery. It's heaven in a bite.Coupled with a serving of Sweet Potato Fries, this is a party in your mouth and every taste bud is invited. (Even that anti-social one on the back of your tongue that doesn't know how to dance.)
5	I don't care who you are, this place is the best....best everything! Ima let you finish.....but Joe's shakes are the best of alll time! No seriously their shakes are the best. I have had the vanilla and strawberry and couldn't stop talking about them for days after. Yum! Joe's is another one of those wonderful places that have been featured on Diner, Drive-Ins and Dives. Joe's grows just about all their produce right on the farm so its more than fresh, and all their meats and everything else is Arizona grown or as close to it as possible. They have a great outdoor picnic type seating area outside, or indoor seating. Great for the family and your dogs. Next door they have Joe's Farm Cafe, with some of the same food as in the restaurant, great coffee and tea and other sweets. Then probably my favor tie part, they have a little farm stand where they sell what produce they have available at the time. Last time I was there I got some cherries that were out of this world good! It is an "Honor System" stand where you pick out what you want then put your money is a little lock box and then go on your merry way. So cute! When you go out there I will recommend the BBQ pulled pork (they have award winning BBQ sauce), any of the salads, the BBQ chicken pizza and/or the season shake.
3	I definitely liked this place, but there are a few reasons why i had to give it 3 stars instead of the 4 I initially intended on giving.  I'll get the negative out of the way now so I can end on a good note.  First of all, the layout is just kind of silly.  I totally understand that this is an olllldddd building, so you work with what you're given.  That being said, the entrance/exit is too small and the condiment line backs up into that exit.  It's really frustrating that people feel some need to create a single file line to get sodas, napkins, utensils and condiments when really, there is A LOT of room to share.  It's a really long condiment bar!  Second of all it's way out there for us.  Living in Downtown Phoenix makes the trek out to Gilbert pretty rough sometimes.  Finally, they wouldn't let me sub a smaller version of the green bean fries for regular fries, even though I was willing to pay more than the normal sub fee.On to the good... The grilled cheese I got was really yummy.  It was made with really thick Texas Toast style bread, had some great cheese on the inside, and it was toasted/grilled just right.  It was a very hearty grilled cheese!  The green bean fries that I wanted just a single sized portion of turned out to be like 3 pounds piled high in a basket!  They were really good and garlicky, and for only 5 bucks a great value.  However, I really just wanted enough for myself because as it turns out, I continued eating them until I made myself sick. Overall, I liked the place, but it seems to be constantly busy and I just don't like getting crowded when I'm trying to eat a nice relaxing meal outside.
5	I was in Gilbert visiting an old friend a few weeks ago. While there, I asked around for a good place to eat. The answer, almost unanimously, was Joe's Farm Grill. Man, oh, man were they right! It was 100% amazing! The atmosphere there was that of an old farm in the 50s. Very vintage. I loved the huge tree in the back. Damn, that thing is big, but perfect for sitting under.I ordered the farm burger with sweet potato fries. Very good! Probably the best burger I have ever had. It was perfectly cooked, and had a great flavor. I even slid a few sweet potato fries under the bun. Yummy!Yeah, if you're ever going to go to Gilbert, Arizona... go to Joe's Farm Grill.
3	*3.5*My friend, son and I had lunch here recently. We got there at lunch peak hour apparently since the line was outside the door! It moved at a decent pace. We got BBQ chicken pizza, Farm burger with onion rings, kids grilled cheese, order of sweet potato fries and drinks. Since it was my birthday, my lunch was free which was a nice surprise. Food was ready in a timely manner. My friend enjoyed her burger, my son grilled cheese was very good, on thick Texas toast but the portion seemed small to me( half a small sandwich)  I mean, with childhood obesity kids should be eaten less, it was perfect for my 19 months old but I don't know for a 10 yr old. The BBQ pizza was good, but not blew me away good. I think I'll order a burger next time.Sweet potato fries were good and the portion this time was huge!!! Didn't like the sauce they came with. Like others mentioned before, the layout of the restaurant make things a bit chaotic when is crowded. And I agree with a prior reviewer, they charge $2 extra to sub fries for something else, but then give you only half a portion??? I will like to come back to try the burgers and breakfast.
4	Food Network's DDD features lots of AZ businesses. This is one that the bf found, and thought would suit my tastes. He was correct. Apparently they grow their own veggies and then use them. YUM! We are the onion rings, which were super crunchy and flavorful. I loved them. We also had a GINORMOUS vanilla bean cream puff. Someone asked the bf along the way if it was a baked potato. Yes, that is how huge it was! It was decent, the home made fudge was excellent- I would pack that away in my suitcase :) BF tried the Ahi Tuna Sandwich, which had huge chunks of Ahi in it. Apparently, it was quite tasty by the rate at which it was consumed. The overall atmosphere was amazing, very chill, with a nice picnic layout. I can see how it could get really crowded since the space is quite small. It's worth it! :)
4	We are lucky enough to live basically right accross the street.  The food is great. Love the thin crust pizzas and the sweet potato fries. They grow a lot of their own veggies. They seasonally sell dates at the farmstand that are GREAT. You get your food free on your birthday.Gets very crowded on the weekends!the dessert is just OK, but the shakes are great!
4	Lunch at Joe's Farm Grill was a great idea!  I saw it on Food Networks Diners, Dives and Drive In's and it stuck in my mind as a place that I wanted to try. It was a bit of a drive from where I was staying in Chandler, but it was totally worth it. Before stepping a foot into the restaurant, we fell in love with the grapefruit trees surrounding the building, such a cute area with a lot of outdoor seating. I ordered the special of the day, which was a grilled salad.  It was Romaine lettuce, topped with bacon, tomatos and blue cheese. Oh mama... so damn good. BUT what made me stop in my tracks was the GIANT slice of lemon- seriously it was almost as big as my hand. The salad was really good, and since it was grilled, it gave a nice smoky flavor but it was not over powering.My only complaint is that we only ate their once.  They had plenty of items on their breakfast and lunch menu that I wanted to try.   I like that they use local ingredients when they can and look for healthy ingredients (natural beef for the burgers and transfat free oils)
4	I think this place might be a little too hyped on Yelp. It's not the culinary extravaganza I thought it would be.Basically, Joe's is a counter-order diner with fresh food. I thought the menu items were pretty basic, and portions were rather small for the diner-restaurant category. The food quality is good, don't get me wrong, and the place is pretty cute. The bathroom is awesome. But overall, I'd say this falls into the very good, but not OMG amazing ranking.
5	We were visiting Phoenix and I needed to try Joe's Farm Grill after I saw it on DDD. We tried the Cheeseburger and Onion Rings. I think the burger was the best burger I have ever eaten, it had that great char-grilled flavor that I love in a burger and the size was more than I could eat. They also have a condiment bar with more choices than I could even imagine. The onion rings were the best I have ever eaten also. They had a great breading with a hint of Rosemary..yummy! Everybody's food around us looked great too..I doubt there is a bad item on the menu. It's so good we were contiplating driving out of our way to hit it before we went to the airport. Well worth a trip, you will return!
3	the place inside & out is neat.....but the food is average at best...and expensive for what it is....
4	We came here when visiting my mom in Chandler. I had to check it out since my hero from the food channel, Guy Fieri came here.I had the house special bbq chicken pizza which has a ton of flavor and a nice grilled thin crispy crust. Mmmm. Highly recommended! Wifey and mom had salad which was fine. Supposedly they grow everything on site in their farm so the veggies are always fresh. Overall the food is good, nothing spectacular but its definitely good. Service was friendly, which is very important to me!They have picnic tables outside you can eat on, which is nicer than the plasticky 'school cafeteria' furniture thats inside.I'll probably come back here on my next visit to AZ to try some of their other stuff.
5	I go here for lunch sometimes and I always have a great experience. The food is amazing and it's a fun environment . It's something different and unique. They have picnic tables outside with large trees that provide lots of shade. Also, I love their Sweet Potato fries!
3	Unique place, very affordable.  No beer, which is a bummer.  The pulled pork sandwich was very tasty.  However, can't give it any more than 3 stars because it gave me food poisoning.  I think it was just a fluke...but still.
5	Just before the new year my husband and I took my dad to Joe's.  My dad is a big fan of triple D so Joe's was the perfect place.  The line was really short and just as we were ordering, we noticed all of a sudden the line was about 20 people deep.  We ordered EVERYTHING!  I got the burger w/ cheese and sweet potato fries.  My husband got the chicken BBQ pizza, dad got the ahi tuna sandwich w/ sweet potato fries.  Of course we just had to get an order of onion rings (featured on triple D show) and two vanilla milk shakes.  I have to say that hands down my favorite thing was the BBQ pizza.  It has the perfect balance of chicken, bacon, blue cheese crumbles all drizzled with Joe's BBQ sauce...mmm the best.  I would also say that the sweet potato fries are worth the upgrade price and I didn't leave a single one on my plate...sweet, salty and no too crunchy.Seating is limited when its cold outside so I recommend beating the dinner rush like us.
4	We lived about a 1/2 mile away from the farm grill and would pass it almost everyday. it always looked like an interesting place  and knew the ingredients were fresh with the huge field right next door. After we saw it on food network, we knew we had to go check it out. We were not disappointed at all. The first time (of several) that we have been, I got a burger with the bleu cheese on it ( I can't remember the name of it off hand) but it was cooked perfectly and I made the perfect choice of having onion rings instead of fries. OMG they were good. We have tried almost everything on the menu with that original burger and onion rings being my favourite so far.When people come into town, we usually try to take them to the farm grill and no one has ever had a bad meal or walked away disappointed. if someone asks me where to get some good food, I instantly think of Joe's Farm Grill.Oh yeah, the drink station and bathrooms are cool!
2	well since i so enjoyed The Coffee Shop at Agritopia, I decided to try Joe's Farm Grill at Agritopia last night. OK I was really excited to try the food , even though I feel the fries are on the pricy side, I upgraded to garlic fries with my hot dog basket.My roommate ordered the BBQ pork sandwhichI love how the drink station is outdoors with all the condimentsthat's so cutewe ordered our food to go , but maybe we should have eaten it fresh because my hot dog was sorta dry and I didn't much like the garlic friesMy roommate, on the other hand, loved her BBQ pork sandwhich, she said it was the best pork she ever had.I am going to try some of their other food in the future and eat it fresh and see if I like it any better.
4	So...I wasn't going to review Joe's because it has been done and everything that needs to be said is duly noted in the 110 reviews before me, but it has now been like 4 days and I can't stop craving the barbecue chicken pizza. Maybe it is just because I am on an after holiday diet, but maybe, just maybe it is due to the winning combination of thin crust (without being like a cracker), barbecued chicken, onions, and Gorgonzola cheese crumbles. Yum! Besides that, Joe's offers the complete experience. It is a blast from the past, and the perfect date spot for all those clueless guys who want to land a lady that likes the outdoors, picnics, and simple pleasures. When you visit, you are going to be tempted by the grilled peanut butter + banana split under Farm Favorites. It sounds like horrible goodness, and it is worth getting to say you tried it, but nothing to write home about. In short it is a total stoner sandwich and maybe someday I will have a use for it, but I will not be ordering it again as there are so many other yummy sounding things to pick from on the menu.
5	Loved the burgers and the onion rings were fabulous!  This place is a must visi if you are in the Phoenix area anytime soon!
5	Seriously soo good! Drove 60miles to come here about 5 times in the 3 months that I lived in AZ. I came here because of the triple D episode and it was soo worth it! Burgers, fries, onion rings, sweet potatoe fries and pizza are ALL GOOD! and check out their bathrooms.. its pretty cool too. Tried Joe's Real BBQ, which is their first restaurant but it was just OK. Joe's Farm grill is def. one of my fav places..
4	Quality food & atmosphere. Joe does it right. Usu get a burger.
5	This is just some good home cooking, and it's in a HOME! This converted farm house is such a great place to visit with the family. Have some simple (amazing) food, sit down and relax in the park-like setting, walk around the farm a bit then top it off with a perfect coffee from "The Coffee Shop" at the end of the property. All in all it makes for a great day out.BTW, I can't get enough of that meat sampler plate. Mmmmmmm
5	I still remember the first time I went to Joe's Farm Grill.  It was a mild May evening and we decided to eat outside. The idea of farm fresh foods really appealed to me.  I am always beyond satisfied with my meal.  I don't think there has been a time that I have been there that I didn't order a barbecue chicken pizza.  I am not a fan of most novelty pizzas, but this one is just amazing.  I'm pretty sure the bbq sauce they use, is the same one they use at Joe's Real BBQ.  The enormous tree behind the Farm Grill is sick and we always crack jokes about the sign about falling and scorpions.  The line can be a little long, but they are quick at the order window and it is definitely worth the wait.  Don't forget to try them for breakfast as well, mmm breakfast tacos...  Do yourself a favor and walk off that delicious meal through the farm and sneak a grape (when they are in season) that grow on the arbors and fences.  Enjoy and remember to eat local
5	Today I received a call from my sister asking me what were my plans for lunch. Honestly I hadn't thought that far yet. So I acknowledge and ask her to call me when she is on her way or at least close by. I figured by the time she arrived I would have a place selected. Naturally I opt for Joe's Farm Grill for two reasons: 1) she said she was buying and 2) for the fact I had never been there.We jumped in her new car and speed off like two kids chasing down the neighborhood ice cream man. As we pulled up we noticed the Joe's Farm Grill sign and what appeared to be a combination of a large vertical bush and very large tree that resembled a hand flipping the bird. Well it looked like that from our angle. From the looks of the place they had plenty of outdoor seating in the front and back of the place. However today being as windy and rainy as it was we parked ourselves inside. Inside at the counter there were three windows and each window had flat-screens nested above it. Not sure what they were for because they all were off, but I suspect during their peak times it may display the menu. I walked up to the first available window which was the only one open at the time. With the kitchen noises in the background it made it a little difficult to hear. That was pretty much our only interaction with the staff aside from the brief interaction at the pick up window.When my sister was handed her cup the teller quickly mentioned that the soda fountain machine was located outside. We both turned and looked at each other and paused for a moment and thought, Outside? We walked towards the seating area and we noticed a door to the outside and just steps passed the doorway reviled the fountain machine and sauce dispensing stations. Groovy. Just slighty beyond that is a unisex bathroom which has dolls in small display cases embedded in the walls. Two by the toilet and one by the sink. Also strategically placed is a flat screen monitor above the urinal (plays movies about dolls from what I saw), which you can also watch while on the commode. The best part was a small sign implying "Use the lock button for privacy" for those not used to having locks for the bathroom.I have read about Joe's Farm Grill before and every time I review their menu the Fontina Burger always catches my attention for what ever reason. Perhaps because it comes prepared with roasted red peppers, grilled mushrooms, arugula, pesto and fontina cheese. Joe's Farm Grill is known for their use of locally raised and natural beef which is a major plus. Also they have a nice selection of cheeses: American, Cheddar, Swiss, Fontina and Blue of course. For the health conscientious customer they offer any of their 1/2 lb burgers with multi-grain buns upon request. Last but not least all burgers come with a side of fries which can be substituted for an additional fee, but cooked with trans-fat free oil no less.I decided to follow my instinct and ordered the Fontina Burger, but decided to upgrade my fries to onion rings and opted for a strawberry shake. My sister ordered the Farm Burger with the fries and water. Seeing that the place was not busy we chose to sit in the front dining area.It wasn't long before our buzzer began to vibrate and like a well trained ninja I spring out of my seat (tip toeing through the air) and within seconds I was at the pickup window. Did I mention I was starving? Both meals were served in black baskets lined with tinfoil. The aroma alone had me hypnotized and the roasted peppers had me salivating.Typically I reach for the condiments and begin to pour on the ketchup, mustard or what have you. This time something told me to give it a whirl as-is. Just add the lettuce, tomatoes and red onions and try it as-is. So I go with my instinct again and I am glad I did. Wow! Juicy, tender, flavorful and delicious. The combination of the arugula, pesto, red peppers, mushrooms and the fontina cheese hits you all at once like a fierce side kick to your taste buds. I am talking about (Whack! Pow! Bang!) as if I were in an old batman episode.This was one heavenly treat and I must say that I found a new favorite. The Fontina Burger takes first place knocking the Haunted burger down a notch. The onion rings on the other hand were ridiculously crunchy to the point of over crunchiness. To put it simply I should have stuck with the standard fries because those were awesome.  I almost lost a hand as I kept sampling my sisters fries and the shake, oh the shake... wonderful. I love shakes especially when they are made with fresh seasonal fruits. Delicious!I liked the fact that I did not have to add anything to this masterpiece. It was perfect as it was served, hot, juicy, tender and wonderful. I was very impressed with quality of the food and the establishment is fantastic. I honestly wish I had known about Joe's Farm Grill much sooner! Thank you for the great experience... expect us back real soon!
4	You can get a real Malted Shake there! Nuff said.
5	The hubby and I drove to Queen Creek to visit some friends and they took us the this place. LOVE it! It's so cool that it has such a family friendly atmosphere: dogs running around, kids climbing trees, picnic tables with high chairs. It's cafeteria style, so there usually a long line around lunchtime on the weekends. Don't let that deter you because it moves pretty fast. You order at the window and they give you a buzzer when your food is ready to be picked up at the next window.The food is fresh and really really good! The sweet potato fries came out very crispy, sweet and moist inside. I hat the onion rings with a crunchy corn meal batter. The buffalo chicken sandwich is really good too. The bun is a soft sweet roll and it comes with this dressing that had huge chunks of blue cheese. Amazing. Everyone's food was awesome. I will definitely come back when I am on the East side of town!
4	Somehow I have forgotten to review Joe's Farm Grill.However, judging by their current reviews, they've not suffered for it.What can I say that hasn't already been said?Joe's Farm Grill is too popular, I hate standing in line. There, there's my complaint.
5	LOVE the food here!  It's fresh, well priced, and unique!  My husband loved their green eggs and ham dish for breakfast.  The place is decorated nicely, and like was mentioned in other reviews, the service is excellent.  Just be sure to avoid rush hours, if possible, because the line can get long and the seating sparce.
5	Absolutely terrific.  Delicious, relaxing, and euphoric.  With the popularity of Joe's Real BBQ, this restaurant has sky-rocketed to the top of the list of recommended eateries in Gilbert.  Everything on the menu is DELICIOUS.  I typically tend to order the Pulled Pork sandwich, which is what they are known for in my opinion.  Tonight, I ordered the Pesto Chicken Sandwich per the suggestion of the cashier.  I also got an order of the chili cheese fries.  Both were great.  I'd consider myself a chili afficionado, and this chili was awesome. Perfect blend of meat and sauce.The atmosphere is very euphoric to me.  There is indoor seating with lots of stuff to look at while you stuff your face with scrumptious food.  There is also seating outside, which is what I'm specifically referring to.  I always eat outside here.  There are wooden picnic benches, amongst beautiful old trees, which takes me back to when I was a young child and my family and I would eat at the park together.  It relaxes me very much, actually.Also, the breakfast menu they have in the morning is very good. I have only had it once, the breakfast tacos, and it was just spectacular.5 stars. A must eat. Go here. Now.
5	I have been a fan of Joes BBQ for a long time now.. so when I heard about this place my expectations and excitement was huge!'Sure enough the drive over from north west mesa was worth it. Everything from the parking on the unique looking pavers from the tall trees said this place was special!The friendly young lady at the counter tossed out a suggestion for the Buffalo chicken sandwich and I went for it. Now here is the kicker.. I firmly dislike anything that has to do with blue cheese.. So when i received my amazing looking platter and inside the burger there it was I almost took it back.I tried it anyways rather than order something else or scrape it off.. and WOW. My taste buds loved it! My girlfriend knows I talk a lot.. well I was all but quiet for once as I finished every bite lolWhile out side the place has a very warm, back home, family feeling, just a very positive experience! I was told this place was amazing, looks like Ill be saying the same thing to others!One thing I was hoping for on the wonderful drink station was the red cream soda you have at the BBQ rest.. but the tea was well enough to put away my dismay.Home run for the joe's crew, this place brings it all together :)
5	The best burger I have ever had!Not really sure what they do to a simple hamburger, but I had to try it again just to make sure it wasn't a fluke. Seriously tasty hamburger.And did I mention the shakes? Whoa!I do have to stand in line most visits. However, even if the line looks long, it moves very quickly. The outside atmosphere is also one of the best points. It's almost like being at a picnic. Just wonderful outdoor seating, with lots of trees and people just having a good time.
4	I finally visited all three of Joe Johnston's places. And I am stuffed. I've been going to Joe's BBQ since 1998, tried Liberty Market in November and finally on my birthday went to Joe's Farm Grill for lunch. And got my meal for free! What a nice surprise.Mike had the Double Dogs (2 hot dogs) with onion rings. The onion rings were so crispy and goooood. The hot dogs were decent. He said he would get them again. I would be willing to get them on another visit if they were covered in chili and cheese. I had the BBQ Bacon Burger and it was was absolutely delicious (I'm craving it right now just writing this review) with their regular french fries. The fries were also very good. Fresh and crispy. The burger was topped with cheese, BBQ sauce, an onion ring, bacon and blue cheese. Unbelievably good. And we couldn't pass up having milkshakes for dessert. You can pay for them at the time that you order your meal and go to the pick-up counter to get them when your done eating and bypass the line. I loved all the outdoor picnic table seating and the huge tree in the back. The bathrooms are worth taking a look at. Just a little strange. The fireplace in the dining room is original to the house. It's a little dangerous that this place is so close to home. If you are coming during the lunch hour get here just before noon when it gets really busy. I heard they will be having all kinds of specials in March to celebrate their appearance on "Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives," and their episode will re-run on the Food Network a couple of times in March also.
5	The fries garlic fries are amazing!! And the onion rings were pretty good. The burger I ordered was awesome! But I have to agree with some of the other reviews about the shake, it wasn't great but still better than DQ I highly recommend driving out this way to check out this place!! It used to be a house that was converted into this restaurant. There is a coffee house located on the same property but I was unfortunate enough to see it on the way out! So def check that out for me!!
4	Stopped by her yesterday after a hike and boy was it good!  I am a little skeptical about Triple-D restaurants, but this one was great! Had the fontina burger and bbq pizza, everything was fresh and delicious!
4	Been here twice now and both times it was excellent. The first time i had the bbq pork sandwich with onion rings. I loved the sandwich as the pork was perfectly cooked and the sauce was wonderful. I love pulled pork sandwiches and this is winner for sure. The onion rings were ok and well flavored but a bit soggy and not as good as i was expecting after seeing them on TV. The garlic fires were another story though as they are excellent and leave you wanting more, the only abd thing is the last few in the bucket get so soaked in grease and oil that they are pretty much un-edible. Also had a milkshake that was ok but nothing to write home about nothing i need here again but if you have a major craving with your lunch it will hit the spot.The next time i went i got the seared ahi sandwich and it was wonderful. This was worth the trip itself as it has so much flavor and is  just melt in your mouth good. The wasabi sauce is great, not to strong to burn but enough to get a good wasabi flavor. This is something that will keep me coming back for more and more. I loved it. also got the chili cheese fries and they were good but lacking in the cheese department but the chili was very good and the fires are good too. They aren't as good as the garlic fires but very good for chili fries.
4	So I took my family visiting from out town there and they were happy. You do get a good amount of food for the price and if you are smart like us, you can each order something different and be able try some of everything. I did get to experience the sweet potato fries this time...pretty good! They were a bit thinner cut than I would have liked but they had great flavor. Still I recommend coming to check this out if you are in the East valley, its one of the most fun flavorful places to be!
5	I constantly rave about this place to my friends. Usually what gets them going is the fact that I mention that this place was on Food Network. I remember seeing the show and being very interested in trying it since it was nearby.My favorite thing about this place is of course the food. It is all grown on their farm and if it isn't, it is locally grown and organic. The food wows my every time. I love it. My all time favorites are the Ahi Tuna Sandwich, the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich, and fried green beans (although I no longer see it on the menu, which saddens me). I have also had their burgers and I can seriously tell the difference between their beef and beef from other restaurants. To explain how I can tell the difference, my family bought a cow years ago and had it cut up to produce various selections that we split with another family. To me, a lot of beef tastes disgusting except for what I buy straight from a butcher AND from Joes Farm Grill. That alone is my reasoning for instantly loving this place.Joes Farm Grill has many different food selections to choose from and I suggest trying all of them. All are very delicious in their own right.
4	I was headed out in this direction and was looking for something quick for dinner. Looked up triple D locations and saw this place. My first impression was that I wonder if it's any good. My second impression was, I don't remember watching this on TV. Did not matter as it would have been a place to try anyway.So before heading out we looked at the menu and wrote down what we wanted. We were driving from Phoenix and I didn't want to eat cold food. I called and placed the order and said it would be ready in about 10 minutes. Well when we drove up we were shocked to see a long line.I went in trying to figure out what was going on. I saw the window that was for pick up and went is this where I pick up my order? It sure was. I was happy I called ahead and had paid for it in advance and was on my way. I saw the line for food and it was pretty long. I can't imagine the wait. Finally at the destination we sat and ate. We ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and onion rings that were featured on the show as well as a burger. The pizza was pretty good and the onion rings. The first thing that came to my mind was it reminded me of another place I went to that was featured on triple D. Taylor's Refresher in Napa. It has that sort of feel to it. Over all it was good, but a long way to go just for food. If we're ever there again we'll place another take out order. Saves the wait time and just as fresh as waiting in lien for it to cook.
5	I love everything about this place! Whenever someone comes to visit me this is the spot I take them.  The set up is great and the food is even better. Think of Joe's Farm Grill like a gourmet burger joint that pleases everyone. I am not even really a burger kind of girl. The dark chocolate milkshake is to die for. Last time I went I had the Presto Chicken Sandwich. It was so tender and juicy I polished of the plate in no time. Breakfast is really good too and the waffles are a must. I love that there is a lot of sitting outside and big trees to keep you shaded. Every time is a a good time at Joe's.
5	What's not to like? Everything made fresh from scratch with many items grown on the property. Well thought out and well executed. I haven't found any item on the menu that I didn't enjoy.
4	I don't know how it is that I've been here a million times and have yet to review it.I usually come for lunch or dinner and have enjoyed burgers, hot dogs, chili dogs, fries and salads on several occasions.  Their dark chocolate shake is really thick and rich.  But I recently came for brunch, and while the line was LONG and I had to wait in it for about 30 minutes before ordering, the meat and potatoes scramble was definitely worth it!Lots of outdoor seating makes for a really fun picnic-type atmosphere that is as family-friendly as it gets.Anyway, there are 135 other reviews on this place, so the bottom line is: just try it!  It's good!
5	OMG.  This place is awesome!  At first, I wasn't sure what I was getting into as I drove from Tempe out to the country-esque suburb known as Gilbert for dinner, but as soon as I saw the neon signage and gravel parking lot for Joe's Farm Grill with picnic tables outside and the line out the door, I knew I hit the jackpot.  As I stood waiting in line and trying to figure out the system of ordering for JFG (it's not confusing at all.  you just order like normal.), I saw posters up of Guy Fieri, the guy (no pun intended) from Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network.  Apparently, he had been there to tape a show on JFG and feature their onion rings (which i then promptly ordered, which were not only good, but HUMONGOUS).  In all honesty, though, I liked the sweet potato fries better than the onion rings.  Anyway, I ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich with a side of cole slaw, the onion rings, and a vanilla shake while my friends ordered burgers and sweet potato fries.  Everything was DELISH!  The price was also perfect, and the people were totally friendly.  What makes JFG great in addition to everything else is their attention to detail like their focus on local ingredients.  I'm a big fan of supporting local agriculture (including fruits, veggies, and meats), so it's great that JFG supports it, too, to the extent that they can.  I noticed that at the bottom of the menu, it said: Spring 2010, so I'm assuming that the menu changes seasonally based on the farm goods available.  JFG also tries to not use prepared foods much, so they create their own sauces and bread their own onion rings.  Joe's Farm Grill is everything that other restaurants should strive to become, and I HIGHLY recommend you go.  They also have what appears to be a killer breakfast menu, so I might have to try that out in the NEAR future.Note: If you notice that no condiments or drinks were given to you on your tray or filled in your cup, don't do what my friends and I did and stand there looking for them.  You have to walk out the door.
5	Let me just say.....O.M.G. This place is the BOMB!I'm from Southern California, but once I saw this place on Triple D, I knew I had to visit my brother in AZ to hit this place up! My brother and I both got the Ahi Tuna Sandwich with fries and a soda and milkshake for dessert. It was so so so delicious. Better than any restaurant I've been to in all my 16 years of living. I love love love that all the ingredients are fresh, and it shows. The restrooms looked so cool and modern. I had a flashback of my love for barbies when I was 9. I can't wait to go back for spring break and get stufffffffed. I love their little condiment bar they had outside with the BBQ sauce from their BBQ place. (IDK the name but my bro said he loves it!) I'm not sure if I'm, going to try anything else on the menu, because I love the tuna so so so much.My only con would be: I was sooooo full afterwords, I could barely move, but I love love love their food.Well done!
5	I made a trip to Sedona last year and made a special trip to JFG before I headed back to San Diego....I absolutly loved it there...not only was the food tasty, but sitting outside and listening to all the birds melted away all life's stresses. I will certainly go there again.
3	Fast service on our order...we called ahead and it was ready to go when we got there 5 minutes later. Free wifi. while you wait. Got the salad with chicken on top and onion rings. **Krunchy** onion rings!
5	I love the homey feeling of this place- the burgers are great and have real flavor to them. I'm not a fan of the sweet potato fries simply because I don't like sweet potatoes, but I hear they are the best. I am a fan of the baked potato fries however- complete with bacon, sour cream and chives. SO awesome. Breakfast is also a treat there- tastiest eggs in Arizona!
4	I loved the feel of this restaurant. When you first pull up you see a huge line. The line moves pretty quickly though. You get to sit in a wonderful area and have fabulous food. Great spot for kids or if you want to bring your dogs. The milkshake was to die for.
5	Loved the food. The place was awesome. Great ambiance and incredibly fresh tasty food. The place has a really cool vibe and was super charming. The orange trees were blossoming so it felt like a warm night in So Cal, w/o the Smog. I had a grilled buffalo chicken sandwich with a side of slaw and the table shared a standard portion of rosemary onion rings. The food was great!!! My buddies had the burger w/brie cheese (I think) and they liked it too. If you want good food, at happening spot where the locals go, this is the place.
5	There is no better way to spend a beautiful Sunday morning in March than sitting outside in the shade eating good food in a lovely atmosphere.This place is so fun! I even like using the restroom, it's a treat in itself. However it wasn't as clean as I'd hoped but the place was so busy I'll let them slide on that one. My family ordered the March special, all the items featured on "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives" for $31, it was so much food and very good. Loved the onion rings. I will try the date shake next time.
4	Fathers day, family eating burger s with egg, pancakes, the meat skillet... Great combo of spicy and sweet. Great job guys! Amazed at the time in line and eating completed in an hour.
5	I went here after I saw a friend post this on facebook after it was on Triple D!I went there around 8:30pm on a Saturday night right before they were closing and it was still packed, waiting a good 15 mins just to order.What I gotFontina Burger with onion rings- ExcellentGrilled BBQ Chicken Pizza - Somewhat tasty but I was full from my burgerVanilla Shake - The blue cherry hit the spotAlso had a bite of the Peanut Butter and Banana sandwich which is somewhat great but I couldn't eat it as a meal.If I went to Phx, I would highly recommend this place
5	So so glad yelp reminded me about this place.  Its really a farm grill, on a farm and so fun to eat at.  I like to walk around the place after I'm done eating ribs and waffles for that old time feel.  Quaint, charming, and good eats nothing to complain about here.
4	So, yes, I'm the millionth reviewer...but Geesh, this place is so good I'm gathering up the whole fam damily and taking them tomorrow.  We stopped in about two weeks ago and after reading the reviews here, hit it at 11:00 a.m.  And that was a lifesaver! We went right up to the register and placed our order.  We got a Fontina Burger, a Farm Burger, a Kids cheese pizza and a side order of Onion Rings.  The burgers were very good as were the side of fries you receive.  I think the fries were some of the best I've had around Phoenix.  They were crisp but not greasy and full of flavor.  The kids Pizza was the only disappointment (our daughter didn't care for the sauce and I have to agree)....but the O rings were yummy too....Best part of this meal?  Easily the fantastic Vanilla Malt that we all ended up sharing (and by sharing I mean grabbing and gulping to get what you could!)Tomorrow I'm trying the Chicken sandwich...Gotta work around the menu!
5	I never go here alone because I like introducing friends to Joe's Farm Grill for the first time. This is for several reasons:1) It's a beautiful farm atmosphere in what some consider "the middle of the desert"2) It was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, and I'm a sucker for Triple-D3) A fresh and tasty take on fast food4) Unique wacky bathrooms5) Must-see pneumatic condiment fountainIn fact, one of the times I visited, it was "Triple-D Month", which meant they had a lot of promotions relating to their appearance on the much-heralded Food Network show. You could even score a $10 gift card if you showed up dressed like Guy Fieri. I might've been able to grow out and two-tone the goatee, but since I'm bald, I'd never be able to pull off the spiky-haired thing. I will admit, I was tempted to "borrow" my neighbor's blonde kid and costume him up just to save a couple of bucks on the fine burgers here.All the item menus in red type are the meals featured during The Blingy One's visit, so I've been working through them one at a time. I give a thumbs up to the Fontina Burger and the Ahi Tuna Sandwich, but I'm not terribly crazy about the sweet potato fries with the pineapple-serrano dipping sauce. I did fall in love with their garlic fries however, and have to recommend them dipped in the Joe's BBQ sauce (available at the fun-to-use pneumatic condiment fountain).You can't go wrong with a visit to Joe's Farm Grill... even if you're not pulling up in a bitchin' Camaro.
5	Darn it!  Chris B. took all my good points, including the bathroom (with a TV that was running an episode of the delightfully retro "Supermarionation" show called "Thunderbirds.")  The condiment fountain is, indeed, a miracle of fast-food engineering.  And the food was fantastic.The BF and I waaaay overate, but it was worth every tasty bite of the ahi sandwich with Asian slaw, seafood combo plate, chocolate malt, and chocolate-coconut bars.  We'll be return customers, no doubt.  My only complaint was that the bun with the ahi sandwich was a little too sweet for my taste; it detracted slightly from the Asian flavors.As for other reviewers who complained about flies....yes, there were some, outside, around the tables on the grass.  When you eat al fresco, that's the chance you take.  You're next to a working farm (hence, the name) in an area still somewhat agrarian; what do you expect?  Inside, and at the non-grass outdoor table, it wasn't a problem.The service was fine; tables and the self-service area were being kept clean, in spite of the lunch crowd.  My only suggestion is that another bay of drink dispensers would come in handy when the joint is jumpin'.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  i could eat here all the time.  i always go for lunch with friends or for dinner with family.  great for kids.  there is grass for the kids to run around on.  it is like going on a picnic at the park but with great food.  we go about once a month! well maybe more!
5	Was taken here by a client, who swore it was great.  Before we got in, he asked - do you know Yelp.com?  I said yes.  I love places like this.  Not high on price or high price atmosphere.  I love great food.  This place delivered.  Our dishes included:-  Grilled Cheese (was amazing)-  BBQ Chicken Special - Excellent!!-  Grilled pizza - huge and amazing-  Burger - also amazing. The surroundings are fantastic.
5	I was in the neighborhood on a Thursday afternoon and just had to try this out since I believe it's the only Joe's restaurant I haven't tried (often). The look from the outside was great and covered in orange trees. Once you get out of the car, you forget suburbia is so close. It's truly an urban farm. We walked into the retro former Johnston home and walked right up to get our food. The menu had so much to choose from that I got a special bbq chicken sandwich and garlic fries. The garlic and herbs were pulled straight from the farm, diced, and spread over the fries. Awesome.My friend told me I had to check out the bathroom, which was something out of the Jetson's or Buck Roger's. I don't know what old skool show they were playing (something from the 60s). Out back was a huge huge tree with tables all over. I loved the sign that said to keep off for fear of falling and scorpions. Lol. My 5year old definitely stayed away. We walked around, took pictures, ate, and checked out the gardens by The Coffee Shop (which I will hit next time). Thanks again, Joe!
5	I am so happy for Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, because I would never have found this place without it. I live so far away in Tempe, so I made the drive one day with my girlfriend after she told me all about it. I am so happy I made the trek, because the food was very very good. The place is straight up retro with GI Joes in cases in the bathroom along with Thunderbirds playing on a TV. The food is great. I personally recommend the BBQ ribs. The full rack comes with cole slaw, french fries, and 2 pieces of garlic flat bread. The rack comes cut in half, with 6 or so ribs per section. What I also recommend is to ask for a side of buffalo sauce. I pour the sauce over the ribs to make them extra spicy (don't knock it until you try it, it tastes great). I would also recommend the Fontina burger and the chicken fingers. There is more than enough seating inside and outside. Outside seating includes 2 patios along with park type picnic tables. The place is very dog friendly, and expect to see some dogs enjoying themselves just as much as the people.If it wasn't for the long drive from Tempe, I would go to Joe's much much more.
3	I like the grilled cheese
5	This place is THE place to go for a good burger. The tuna burger is great too... just about everything is fresh from the farm out back. Mmmm.... the sweet potato fries...
5	This is one of my facorite places to eat in the ENTIRE valley. The location is inconvenient for me as I live in the Biltmore area but I can't resist. Everything is so fresh and clean and the atmosphere is warm and inviting and very family (and pet) friendly as there is ample outdoor seating. This is a feel good place with the nicest workers. Your food is done in a reasonable amount of time and it never dissapoints. They know what they are doing. They need to open another location... perhaps on the west side. It would do great. The lines are ALWAYS long but trust me.. it is totally worth it.
4	I've driven past Joe's a dozen or more times but never went.  A couple weekends ago I went with my 12 year old and I think she liked it as much as I did.It's a cute little place with plenty of places to sit outside in the great AZ weather.  The temp and blue skies were perfect the day we went. Even though the wait was long it was well worth it.  We sat out back under one of the gigantic trees while we waited.  It smelled like a weekend barbecue and it was actually quite relaxing.We split a burger and fries which was the perfect amount for us.  My daughter got a chocolate shake that was absolutely yummy and I got the ginger ale made with real cane sugar.  It is such a refreshing change from the sugary sweet sodas.I think the price was a little high but I would rather pay more for good quality food than buy something off the dollar menu these days.
5	My parents live right by this place and recommended it. I'm so glad I finally went here! We went around 5pm on a Saturday and it was already packed, but the line moved pretty fast. I got the ahi tuna sandwich which was very tasty, although I wasn't crazy about the wasabi on it. I also tried the chicken sandwich, fries, blueberry cheesecake and vanilla milkshake and all were fantastic! All the food was so fresh and reasonably priced too. I wish there were more places like this in the valley. I loved the outside area, surrounded with flowers, trees, and the farm. Can't wait to come back here!
5	This is one of our regular dining locations and when family or friends visit, this is the first place we take them.  The food is made with quality in mind and always taste great.  They are very creative and inventive with the menu choices and have occasional specials (various hot dogs during the "dog days" of the year - and fish on Friday's during lent times).  They use locally grown foods, as much as possible.  That means fresher foods with no preservatives.  I like the Ahi Tuna, BBQ pulled pork, and baby back ribs best.  The restrooms are cools too.
4	Fresh and simple!  Taste's great!  Worth the drive!  The burgers are like the ones you make at home!  I had the sweet potato fries, highly recommended.
4	Take the whole family and get a nice table outside. The burgers are good, the fried zucchini is better and the the barbecue chicken is amazing...
5	So, I have been to Joe's two more times and each time I had the grilled chicken with Pecan Pesto sandwich.  I have increased my rating from 4 to 5 stars based on the absolute loveliness of said Chicken sandwich.  Wow.  Go.  Get it........taste it and you'll be hooked too!Go now, what are you waiting for?
5	We love Joe's. It's a great place to dine with kids cause you can sit outside under the big tree on picnic tables. I have been several times. I love the burgers and the bbq chicken pizza is very good. I think they grill it cause it had like a charcoal flavor which was different but good. My wife loves the Onion rings and fried green beans. The atmosphere is awesome. Nice area to get refills on drinks and condiments. The bathrooms are even cool, so check them out even if you don't have to go. Close to the 202 yet you feel like you are out in the country.
5	Unbelievably good. Worth the trip.
4	Finally, got to go to Joe's.  I waited in line for 30 minutes to place my order and then I waited in line to get my own drink.  Was the atmosphere and food worth it, yes.  I knew going for lunch on Sunday would be busy after all his pub on DDD.We tried the Fontina Burger, fries, onion rings and curry chicken salad and ate everything we could fit.  The portions are plentiful.  The ingredients were fresh and prepared perfectly. A+ If the crowds continue.... I hope they'll add another soda fountain.  Other than that I'm speechless.
4	On a trip to Tempe to visit my sister she brought me to this place. She thought I would like it. She was right she knows me all too well. I had the BBQ plate it was delectable. It came with pulled pork, baby back ribs  and some chicken tenders. All of the meat was very good quality. The food the rest of the fam looked amazing as well. They all really enjiyed it. My sister had a salad which was made with veggies grown on the premises. Very good, very fresh. Really great food. The breakfast menu looked amazing but did not get a chance to try it.
5	I would not know anything about this place if it wasn't for my cousin.  He introduced me to it about a year and a half ago and we make the drive just to go.  They have a great selection of food on the menu and have classic american dishes.I usually get the BBQ Chicken Pizza and after I am done I just want another one.  They have great french fries and sweet potato fries.  One of the best things about this place is that it is on a farm (hence the name) so all the food is grown and cooked on the property.The space is clean and somewhat chic, but not pretentious by any means.  They also have picnic styled benches outside that are great when the weather permits. Recommendation:  To anyone that likes american styled food and wants to eat like a champ.
5	This place is great!!! They grow alot of the food they use and if they do not grow, they buy it local!!! The food tastes great...don't forget to get a milkshake. It is also a great place to sit and eat outside, nice!
5	Experienced Joe's Farm Grill after seeing the mention on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.  Glad I went and experienced what this establishment offers.  I had the ahi tuna sandwich and sweet potato fries!  Their breakfast is also amazing!  Diners can eat for free on their birthday, with proof of identity!  Indoors or out, its a great tresure tucked in a corner of Gilbert, where Agritopia is the word of the day, everyday!
5	Absolutely amazing. My husband and I went, We had Farm Burgers, garlic fries, onion rings, a milk shake ORDER THE MILK SHAKE, and a fried banana split sandwich.The food was amazing, the vegetables were crisp and perfect. I would drive the hour from one side of town to the other for this place any night of the week it was phenomenal.
5	"Common food done uncommonly well" is their motto, and I think it fits perfectly.  You'll find a lot of typical American fare, but each prepared with a special twist, such as the buttermilk pancakes with applewood-smoked bacon and bleu cheese.  You'll also find many unique menu items such as the Fontina burger, which is made with roasted red pepper, grilled mushrooms, arugula, pesto and Fontina cheese.  Whatever you decide on, you can be sure it will be expertly prepared and very tasty.  Some of my favorites are the breakfast tacos, BBQ chicken pizza, onion rings, sweet potato fries, any of the salads, and the malts.  Some other really cool things to note about Joe's Farm Grill are that much of the produce is grown in Agritopia right next to the restaurant.  You'll find many seasonal items are from the farm as well.  Also, the building itself was the home that Joe Johnston grew up in.  It has been remodeled quite a bit, but the original walls and even fireplace remain.If you've never been, you must give it a try!
5	We went to Joe's while we were visiting family in AZ.  The atmosphere is great!!  there is limited indoor seating and extensive outdoor seating that is shaded.  The burgers were awesome.  The sweet potato fries and onion rings are a must when you go here.  They have a great kids menu, my son's pizza was delicious.  Really big portions!  We went with a party of 6 and everyone was satisfied with the menu and their meals.
4	The only complaint I have is that the lines can be really long at times, but it's always been worth waiting for the food.  I'm loving all the food, morning, noon and night! Can't go wrong. The food is fresh and different. I definite place to add to your places to eat on a regular basis. It's great to take someone for the first time to let them experience AZ in a different way.  The food is so good, it is delivered in a casual atmosphere you have the choice of eating indoors in what used to be the living room of this farm or outdoors in a patio setting or under the trees on picnic tables. This place is good for young families.Oh you have to visit the restroom, it's a bit entertaining!  LOL!  Check it out, and let the world find out what  you think!
4	It's confession time: I love a man and his name is Joe Johnston. Not in the way you might think, but in an admiration and respect kind of way. Johnston owns some of my favorite southeast Valley eateries, like Joe's Real BBQ and Liberty Market. He also has another place, Joe's Farm Grill, that's been featured on Diners Drive-ins and Dives.Built out of his childhood home, Joe's Farm Grill is at Agritopia, a neighborhood being built around a farm in Gilbert. Many of the vegetables and herbs come directly from the farm and right into Joe's kitchen. It doesn't get more local than this.You'd have to squint really hard to figure out what the house may have looked like before it was converted into a restaurant. The place has a retro-modern flair with a nod to the 1960s. The lighting fixtures are groovy, baby.The ordering process is as straightforward as the menu approach the window and place your order. You're given an electronic buzzer that gives you a good scare when your food is ready. I swear, I jump every time.The interior is relaxed and comfortable with plenty of open seating, though the best seats are actually outdoors under giant shade trees.Also outdoors is the condiment bar with ranch dressing on tap. Any place that has one of my favorite dips for French fries on tap is a winner in my book.The mainstream menu of burgers, pizzas and salads caters to the stroller pushing set that frequents Joe's as well as anyone who enjoys fresh, well-prepared food.My mouth started watering instantly when I saw how good the food looked. I quickly sank a bite into the Farm Burger ($7.99), which was well seasoned and perfectly juicy. Weighing in at 6 ounces, then covered with a choice of cheese and grilled onions, this is one tasty burger.The Thai Chicken Salad ($8.99 small/$9.99 large) takes local greens and veggies, crispy rice noodles and peanuts, then tosses them in spicy Thai vinaigrette. This one was a disappointment because I felt that the dressing was unbalanced with too much sweet and sour and not enough spice.Joe's pizzas take on a slightly crisp char from being grilled rather than baked. Knowing that Joe does barbecue right at another of his restaurants, ordering the BBQ Chicken Pizza ($8.99) was a no brainer. Smoked chicken breast, bacon, blue cheese, fresh tomato, red onion and with Joe's Real BBQ sauce sounded like a lot of ingredients, but they worked surprisingly well together. The tangy bleu cheese and smoky sweet BBQ sauce created a yin and yang of flavors, a great combination.For dessert, Joe's has milk shakes ($3.99) including vanilla, chocolate and seasonal fruit.So it's with much love that I say I'm looking forward to visiting again soon.
4	I love the food at Joe's Farm Grill. I haven't had a bad meal yet. They provide open outdoor seating areas that are pet friendly. It's great place to stop after coming from Cosmos Dog Park just down the street. :)For those of you that like to eat flour tortillas with your breakfast.... guess what, they don't have them. The gal at the register looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language when i asked for one. They do have tiny corn tortillas or flat bread that will suffice.
4	Joe's Farm Grill is the place to go for something when you are tired of traditional American food. The building is modern and funky, the surrounding green space is cool and inviting, and the food is reliably good.Order at the walk-up counter and keep up because the line can move quickly. The line can be long during busy hours, so I try to avoid peak times, especially because the wails of poorly managed children echo painfully loudly in the high-ceilinged counter area. (And unfortunately, there always seems to be at least one family ignoring a screaming kid in the place.) Once you've placed your order, you can take the order-is-ready buzzer and go find a seat inside or on the patio or yard seating.I've tried a number of things on the menu, all of which have been good. The Ahi sandwich has a generous portion of perfectly seared tuna. It was too much food (and the wasabi dressing was a bit to spicy for me) and the meal turned out to be a drippy mess, but I liked it.The barbeque chicken pizza is good but usually too wet (I like pizza crisp), and I also recommend the pepperoni pizza. The Asian salad is delicious; Joe's salads definitely show off how fresh all the ingredients are. I recently tried the ribs and pulled pork platter. It was big enough to feed two adults, and both meats were excellent.The best item on the menu is the sweet potato fries. It's a large portion of not greasy (maybe baked?), mildly seasoned thin-sliced fries with a mango/pineapple chutney on the side. I upgrade to them at every opportunity. I also suggest keeping an eye out for seasonal/special items; I once tried a date shake and it was fantastic.The bathrooms always seem to be extremely clean and have a fun, funky decor. Display cases with old Barbie and G.I.Joe style dolls are built into the walls, and an in-wall TV shows what looks to be old Thunderbirds (marionette) episodes on continual loop.
4	Just walking to the front door got me excited; there are outside picnic benches so your ankle-biters can run around out there and not bother me as I dine inside!  Woo hoo!I had imagined more of a sit-down & order kind of place, but I support ordering and picking up your food at the counter so there aren't waitstaff hovering around.  (Nothing against waiters, I just prefer a more casual environment!)And casual, inviting atmosphere they have.  The young lady working the register was one of the nicest people I've ever interacted with.The food was exactly what I hoped for: fresh and flavorful.  I ordered the BBQ Chicken Salad, with tasty mixed greens, roasted poblano peppers, and lots of other good stuff mixed in.Sure, my food was ready fast, but this isn't your typical fast food pile of iceburg lettuce!If you have time afterward (and it's not too hot), take a stroll around the place, admire the flowers and plants, maybe even pick up some fruits for veggies they have for sale out back!  It's on the honor system!
3	I had to experience it since everyone was raving about it.  Not sure what the hype was about, I had the tuna and it was tasteless, but I loved my garlic fries.  I'm not sure but I pictured it as a sit down and a server comes over restaurant, not a fast food joint.Everyone else in my party liked their food, but didn't think it was the greatest thing ever.Don't believe the hype.  If it wasn't on Diner's, Drive-Ins, and Dives, it wouldn't of been as successful.
5	Charm, character, and delicious food, what more could you ask for?  I really love this place - it's so different than any other restaurant around.  Love that they use fresh, local ingredients and I really do love the charm of the place.  Had the ahi sandwhich, YUM, and the hubby had the BBQ sampler plate and a shake and loved everything he had.  Will be bringing out of town visitors here for sure.
3	I found this place using Yelp for my iPhone when down in Gilbert last week for work. I was very excited to check it out after the great reviews, but have to admit I wasn't overly impressed. Got there mid afternoon during the week and had to sit outside, something I wasn't looking forward to being it was 110 degrees out. Biz partner and I each got the bacon & blue burgers and a drink. $24 total...I wouldn't really call that cheap. The buffers were large and tasty, fries were better than average, but extraordinary. Layout is a little weird, as you can enter from the front and rear of the restaurant, but the soda machines and condiments are all located outside. I'm from Wisconsin and this place reminded me of the custard stands back home. Nothing I'd really give 5 stars for, though.
5	Joe's Farm is one of my favorite places to eat in AZ. The food is fresh, well executed, and reasonably priced. Their motto is "common food done uncommonly well", and I think that sums them up perfectly.
5	Old 60's house, converted + urban farm + KILLER food = Joe's Farm Grill.BEST burger!  OMG the fontina cheese and bacon on it made it SO yummie.  I rarely eat red meat and knowing it was fresh and free of antibiotics and manufactured feed created a guilt free experience!!   I got HOMEMADE bleu cheese dressing for dipping the KILLER ONION RINGS (which are hand breaded with rosemary and dill in the batter).  Really??? YES!! Everything on the menu has a cool twist to it but not overstated.  Got the homemade strawberry lemonade, YUM.Worth the 40 minute drive from Scottsdale!!  Don't forget to save room for a cupcake a the Coffee Shop next door!
5	This place is one of my FAVORITE places to eat in Az. Anytime out-of-town friends come by, I always take them to Joe's to show off this little gem of a restaurant. First off, the food is AMAZING. I've had pretty much everything on the menu, and still have yet to be disappointed. I love the grilled veggie pizza, as well as the BBQ bacon blue burger. Yum! I'm usually here w/ my 4 year old, and he loves the back area - PLENTY of space to run around. There's usually always a pack of kids out there! And the garden in the back is a nice place to walk off the food. All in all, this place is amazing! Worth the wait, the price, and multiple return visits :)
4	Went to Joe's on a whim and it payed off! The food was diner fare with a twist on modern. Many have stated before the fontina burger is OMG! Oozing with fontina cheese, mushrooms, red peppers and farm goodness. So get it, you will be grateful to cows. I was eying the people who ordered pizza and almost asked for a slice to try...but alas bad form. Will I go back, sure...the drive is a little daunting but the food is oh so appealing.
4	Tired of the same old Ahwatukee restaurants, we decided to give Joe's Farm Grill in Gilbert a try.  We actually couldn't decide on Joe's Farm Grill or Joe's Real BBQ, but ultimately picked Farm Grill because I was craving fries and the BBQ joint does not serve them...When we arrived, there was a line to order, however it moved pretty quickly.  I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and although initially I wanted fries, I opted for the onion rings at the last minute.  Both were excellent.  I rarely order a chicken sandwich because usually a grilled chicken sandwich from a restaurant is inedible, but here the chicken was moist and flavorful.  I was not disappointed.  The onion rings were great too.  My man ordered the double dogs with chili - two chili dogs - they looked really good!  He also had fries that I shared.  :)We sat outside since we were lucky enough to have 80-ish degrees in the middle of a Phoenix summer.  It was so nice!  The sounds and the smells of the Farm reminded me of BBQs and picnics I enjoyed as a child in Illinois and made me realize it was probably time for a visit again.  :)Next time we are going to give Joe's Real BBQ  a try!
4	I've been twice now and enjoyed it both times.  The flies were a little out of control last time, but I don't think this is always the case.  I LOVED my fontina burger and the sweet potato fries (and pineapple dipping sauce) are divine! I've also tried the Bleu Cheese Burger and it was REALLY good.  I'd order them both again.  I don't think there is anything on the menu that I wouldn't try. We waited in line once for about 5 minutes (the line moved fast) and the next time there was no line at all.  Luckily when there is a line they have menus for you to look through so you are completely prepared when you get to the window.
3	My daughter and I just went there, thought we would try it again, and again, it was just....ok.  I had the ahi tuna sandwich and Megan had the cheeseburger.    The ahi sandwich came with this wonderful slaw on it, the best thing about the whole meal, very fresh and crunchy with a good flavor.   I took a bite of the tuna by itself and it was pretty much tasteless.  Would have been better if I'd poured salt on it (no more, high blood pressure you know).   Megan's cheeseburger was a little above average, mostly due to the thick slices of bacon that came with it.  French fries were ok, and the food was just kinda warm, at least Megan's was.  Mine, however, was not.  Bun was almost cold.  I don't think I'll be going here again.  For the price we paid for two meals ($25) it wasn't worth it, and this is the second time I have had just an "ok" experience here..
5	Love Love Love this place. I always take visitors here and they also love it. You simply can't go wrong. Some of my favorites are the portebello mushroom burger, veggie pizza, tuna sandwich, and sweet potato fries. You should def come here on your birthday because you get a $10 credit toward your meal.
4	Stopped in for dinner tonight. The BF and I shared a burger and a chicken sandwich. The Bacon Blue burger was tasty. It comes with bacon, blue cheese dressing, onion rings and the bbq sauce they use for all their BBQ items. The pesto chicken sandwich was like a good chicken version of their fontina burger. Same condiments. Onion Rings were hot & crispy and the garlic fries were garlicky and flavorful. Yup, definitely get some hot breath after that. I also sampled some meat from the BBQ sampler plate the BF's sister ordered. I thought it tasted better than what you get at Joe's Real BBQ. Choosing between Joe's BBQ and Farm Grill, I'd drive the extra miles for Farm Grill.
4	So this place is a ways away from where I'm at... but the food here was well worth the trip! I ordered a farm burger with blue cheese and garlic fries... more like awesome burger with awesome fries! I heard that all of the food here was fresh from the farm (hence farm grill) and you can really taste it in their ingredients. I love the look and feel of the place too - I wish it wasn't so hot outside though, but it was cool to eat at the picnic tables they have set up outdoors. This place is a MUST GO if I am ever near this neck of the woods again.
5	Went back here again on 8/13 and yep...still great.
4	Great, friendly service, food was very good, the flavor of the burgers are the best maybe due to the freshness and varieties of toppings, but burger I had was a LITTLE dry, nothing horrible, but just a little dry.  Onion Rings are out of this world!
5	I live down the street from Joe's and eat there frequently for breakfast and lunch.  Breakfast tacos = HEAVEN.... Curry chicken salad sandwich = BLISS....and the Garlic Fries = DE-FREAKING-LICIOUS!!!  Everything on the menu showcases care and incredible flavor.  Don't forget to go next door to the Coffee Shop and try a cupcake and/or coffee!!!
5	I've been so excited to try this place for the longest time.  It was everything I had hoped for and more.  Three words:Pneumatic. Condiment. Dispensers.Okay, folks, I'm a condiment lover.  I freaking love me some condiments on any day from anywhere.  Put out Ranch Dressing or BBQ Sauce in your condiment line-up and I'm even happier.  But put all the ketchup, mustard, mayo, ranch, AND bbq sauce in a shiny metal display and dispense it to me PNEUMATICALLY?????Freaking hell ...I'm distracted all the time now because I want to go back and order five different things that I can put condiments on just so I can use the pneumatic dispensers.  SO FUN!!!!!Oh, and the food.  Okay, I'll be honest, I expected good food.  I expected REALLY good food.  And I was overwhelmed at the sheer selection of food on the menu, and the flat-panel displays flashing clips of video, pictures of food, and offering me fresh ice cream shakes or fried green beans (which I didnt get but will next time).  Ordering (meaning I had to actually CHOOSE) was an exquisite agony.  I dithered for no less than 17 minutes, circling the dining room with my iPhone (to read what other Yelpers ate) and clutching the laminated menu to my chest like a crucifix.  Once my lunch partners had all arrived, my time was up and I had to enter the line.  I couldn't concentrate on the conversation because as we wound back and forth in the line, I was able to see what other people were eating, and what was being served up in the window (yes! you can watch them preparing the delicious food!) which caused me to change my mind several times.I'm the kind of person who HAS to order last, simply because I MUST KNOW what everyone else is having. It serves to lessen my post-food-arrival regret and that painful longing of "I should have ordered that...."The moment of truth came and I decided upon a wood-fired BBQ chicken pizza.  And in a gluttonous moment of ridonkulous insanity, blurted out 'FRENCH FRIES' fully knowing that no amount of hours on the treadmill watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer episodes on DVD could ever redeem my choice of lunch.  But... DO NOT JUDGE ME!  You weren't there watching the orders of fries being shunted out to happy diners... it wasn't completely in my control.Food arrived.  I did admire my fellow luncher's selections, but did not suffer overmuch from longing or regret.  I had a giant wood-fired bbq chicken pizza with globs of melted fresh mozzarella on it... a paper basket of the most delicious french fries of my life... and (drumroll).... PNEUMATIC CONDIMENT DISPENSERS!It's no business of yours, to be sure, why I might have needed ketchup, mayo, mustard, ranch AND bbq sauce for my pizza and french fries.  But I just did.  To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.
3	Food high priced but good. Whatever you do, don't show up hungry.
4	Great everything. Except the way you pick up your food and fill your coffee at the same place. Who's idea was it to put the coffee pot in front of the window where you pick up your tray of food? There has to be a better way. That is my only complaint. Otherwise, fritters are the bomb and anything you pick is pretty good.
4	Last night I went with my motorcycle club out to Joe's for dinner.  It was really out on a farm.  This place is very far but the experience was worth the drive.  I ordered the Fontina Burger that had roasted red peppers, grilled mushrooms, arugula, pesto, and fontina cheese.  The ingredients were fresh as they grow their own vegetables on the farm right there.  The fries that came with it were cooked well and very good as well.  There is room to eat inside at a community table or your own table and there is a huge area outside to eat on benches as well.  Overall it was a great experience and I will go back because there are several other things on the menu that looked very appetizing.
4	I went here back when I still ate meat. The chicken was delicious and cooked just right. The salad was fresh and interesting. I consider myself a very picky eater, and everything was just right here. The french fries were delicious and crisp.  The prices were good for this type of place.My friend ordered a burger and fries and also enjoyed her meal. I love the atmosphere here. It feels like we're not in Arizona, and that is always a nice thing.  I like how it's counter service, so no waiter is trying to rush us out of there.   I would go here more often except that I live in Phoenix now.
5	Is heaven possible on Earth?  Yes.  How do I know the answer to such a question?  I came to Joes Farm Grill today and found it!  I am a fan of Joes stuff, and came here today to see what it was all about.  I really wanted to just go to the coffee shop, but after setting foot in here for the first time, I realized how close these two places were in proximity to each other, and decided to go to both!I stood in line and ordered the hot dog basket and it was tasty.  I also got a drink as well, and really enjoyed my meal here.  I dont know how he does it, but this place is perfection.  Next time my parents come in to town, I'm taking them here.  amazing.
4	Love Joe's! Had bbq pizza minus the meat since I'm veg. My husband had bacon burger w/garlic fries. All yummy but when did they raise the prices? Maybe after Triple D came? Always good food just hoping the prices don't go up anytime soon. $27 for 2 people yikes!
5	Finally fresh food that's fast and fairly affordable! I've been lucky to eat at Joe's Real BBQ in Gilbert in the past, which has given me pretty high expectations of any of Joe's food ventures. The Farm Grill did not disappoint. I ordered the Jumbo Fried Shrimp and the hubs got the Farm Burger. My basket came filled with ginormous jumbo tiger shrimp fried to perfection, homemade cocktail sauce, coleslaw, fries, and garlic flat bread. I'm not big on slaw, but Joe's was good. Very fresh. The shrimp and cocktail sauce were absolutely delicious as well as the garlic flat bread. I substituted the fries for garlic fries and I thought that I had reached heaven. Hubby's Farm Burger was THE freshest, juiciest burger that I've ever tasted. Add a little of Joe's BBQ sauce and you're good to go. I loved the pneumatic condiment dispensers, I thought it was the bees knees. I cannot wait to go back to Joe's for my next food adventure. I would (and have) recommend it to my friends and any body out there who is looking for food that is fresh, local, and just plain divine.
5	I cannot get enough of this place.  I live in California but everytime that we go visit my Mother in law in AZ, visiting Joe's Farm Grill is always the highlight.  I love their burgers,  the pizza is great, not to mention the amazing fries and onion rings.
3	Decent food. Not wordly good but it's ok. Kind of overpriced. The place has a lot of character and it's pretty unique.
5	I've run the gamut on onion rings... from two days ago experiencing the worst at Pete's, to today experiencing the best at Joe's.These people were on their A-game tonight. The pulled pork & baby backs had such a flavorful smokey essence, while the chicken strips were an amazing taste combination between chicken parm and BBQ sauce.  Did I mention they have the best onion rings ever?A great example of a restaurant that doesn't skimp, rather display an eye for detail. It takes more prep time, but it's worth it, and it shows.The shrimp basket was very good, and the homemade cocktail sauce was the crowning jewel.What's better than a surry with a fringe on top?  Howz about a hot dog with an egg on top.  Delectable!
4	If I lived closer I would be eating at Joe's Farm Grill all the time. The best part of the place is atmosphere. The grounds are huge and kids run around. The architecture is retro and impressive.  The bathrooms are a real trip, decorated with Barbie dolls, GI Joe's (hence "Joe's" Farm grill) and these bizarre kid's videos are playing above the urinal. We had the Ahi Tuna sandwich which was good, but not great. We also got a burger, pizza and onion rings. All the food was tasty. This is a great place to go when the nights get cooler. If you want to eat outdoors, this place is top-notch.
4	Love Joe's.  What a great hang out! I love the outdoor area the best.  The picnic tables are so casual and I want to hang out there for hours, especially on a cool night.  The kids feel so free out there.  I give the fun atmosphere 5 stars.I give the food 4 stars. Had the Ahi Tuna Sandwich. Sounded great on the menu.  I didn't want to be disappointed, but I couldn't help it.  The tuna was kinda dry. Wasn't happy about it.  Liked the coleslaw.  Onion rings were really good. Really nice  seasoning and the crispy crunchy coating was great.  Shakes were a bit runny but a good taste overall.
5	I love Joe's! Been here a few times...Must have the garlic fries!!! The Fontina burger is good and I also love the Seared Ahi Sandwich! Never tried anything else just always get the same thing. Although I have tried the regular fries and the sweet potato but love the Garlic Fries by far!
5	A great local hang out for b-fast / lunch as well as a good place to take your tourist friends.  It was showcased on the show "dives, diners, & drive-ins".  All the food is GROWN on site. The combo of foods is spectacular.  Read the previous reviews to get the details.  I LOVED it.
5	Its hard to lump the entire restaurant into a single review so I am going to review only the most Divine pizza I have ever had. The brick oven chicken/BQ/BlueCheese/Onion.... WOW OH HU SO GOOD... Ill be back and update as I go....
5	Dear Mr. Johnston,The trifecta that is Liberty Market, Joe's Real BBQ and Joe's Farm Grill are bad for my diet.  I'm not saying it's your fault but if the food at your fine establishments were not so darm fresh and tasty, I would be thinner.  I crave your food.  And when I went to Joe's Farm Grill for the first time it was so good, I went back the very next day!!  Obviously you love what you do and we reap the benefits so thank you!  But my waistline does not thank you.  Sincerely, Lynn W.
5	I love this place! When the weather turns a bit cooler Joe's is the perfect place to sit out with the kids and enjoy a burger and the cool night air. Not only is the staff friendly the food is awesome! My little girl loves the mini-corn dogs and we always have a great time.
4	Another yummy dinner at The Grill! This time I didn't even have to wonder what to eat- I knew I wanted a burger. A burger I did have! Also split some onion rings with the daughter, which have a unique seasoning to them. YOU CAN'T STOP EATING THEM. The seasoning is a drug, I'm sure of it. Daughter is in love with the vanilla bean shake with malt, and her friend had the Pumpkin spice shake which she said was very tasty. It's a little overpriced (does it really have to cost $40 for three people to eat dinner at a grill? No, it doesn't.), but that makes it even more of a treat to go and get some food, since we don't go very often. :-) Today was also their 4th anniversary- so happy Anniversary to them! So glad they are in the area!
5	Breakfast tacos are great. This is a great location. I love the outdoor seating. We usually have the kids bring a football or something to keep them busy outside while the adults get a chance to talk. The cafe is great too for a quick breakfast burrito
2	7/07/10Don't get me wrong, I still love JFG; I just didn't care for its BBQ pulled pork sandwich and fries.  The coleslaw was good, but not so fantastic that it's worth the pain after.  I thought that the pork had too much of the cloyingly-sweet sauce.  Wasn't so sweet when paired w/ the garlic toast points.  However, if you look at the included photo, you'll see that the two pieces of bread were under the pork, and therefore completely saturated w/ sauce.  I like accompanying bread to be crispy/crusty (love that crunch!), so all I had to enjoy that afternoon w/ the pork was the part that stuck out from under all that sauced meat!  What a waste (tsk, tsk)!  The boat of fries was just a complete soggy mess.  I should've asked them to sub sweet potato fries instead, but why must I pay extra to get a perfectly crisped product?  Then again, one (wo)man's treasure is another (wo)man's trash, and vice-versa, eh?Today wasn't a great day for me w/ regards to Mr. Johnston's two restaurants (see my "recent" Coffee Shop review).  I hope my next visit to a Johnston concept yields a happier adventure!
3	Impressed by Joe's Farm Grill's unique concept, great ethos (Agritopia, 12 acres of urban farming), fun environment. Actual offerings could use some improvement.4 for locally sourced, fresh ingredients, community farming plots, fun/retro atmosphere, beautiful, spacious groves, light-strung trees after dusk3.5 for variety of offerings2.8 for execution / pricing3 Fontina burger (4 fixings, 2.8 burger) - the fixings definitely made the burger (roasted red pepper, grilled mushrooms, field greens, farm-made pecan pesto, fontina), but was disappointed with the bland, well-done burger, which was on the dry side3.5 garlic fries  (tossed in olive oil, Pecorino Romano, fresh garlic, herbs) unexpectedly stole the show - not too heavy, excellent seasoning3 onion rings - high quality, the hand-breading is evident, panko coating is a nice thought, but was overly fried to a hard crust, which  completely covered any rosemary/dill notes3 bbq chicken pizza - chicken breast is very smoky, mild blue cheese - great flavor but as prior reviewers warn, be prepared for some sogginess w/the bbq sauce2.8 ribs & pulled pork platter - ribs pack a light heat, dry rub with some sauce; pulled pork is a tiny side - found the sauce overly sweet, a bit heavy, lacking tender/moistness that you might expect from pulled pork; for being average bbq, on the pricier side3 beet salad - refreshing but found the small portion overpriced (3 oz for $3)overall worth visiting for the concept and supporting local produce
4	I was recently introduced to Joe's Farm Grill on a recent outing to Arizona.  The food is very good and I love the outdoor seating area.  I got the BBQ pulled pork which is very good when mixed with the included coleslaw.  The fries were excellent, cooked to perfection and retaining the potato flavor that so many other fries are lacking.  The prices are decent and I would definitely eat there again.
4	After countless reruns on Triple D, Joe's Farm Grill became a pit stop during a business trip. The building is unique in it's layout and decor, looks like a diner from the Jetsons. Great food and definitely fresh! Will come back if in town again.
5	First off let me tell you I am a big fan...they have Motorcycle Parking right out front! Unfortunately I got there around 11:45am and they stop serving breakfast at 11am. What the Hell? I am all about breakfast, and would have loved to try some of their Yummy selections...that is for another visit. The place is pretty awesome, and they are totally smart with the technology. There is a video monitors that show menu items being made, the place on Diners, Drive-Thrus, and Dives, and full copies of the menu. This is a great thing to do, as I am all about something to occupy my time while I wait. I had the Fontina Burger and the Pesto that was on it might have been some of the best Pesto I have had. Fries were hot and crisp. The condiment station is laid out well, with a little sink to wash your hands right there (everyone take note...wash those hands). The ingredients were nice and fresh, bun grilled to perfection, and it was a beautiful sunny day out, so we sat outside. The restrooms were super clean and very unique (TV above the Urinal, and action figures above the Toilet, it is UniSex by the way).  I will so be back to try Joes Farm Grill again!
5	Food was excellent and very fresh.  Nice outdoor/indoor atmosphere with a country farm type feeling.  Highly recommend this restaurant!
5	This is an amazing place to eat and enjoy local ingredients.  Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is super casual!  It's in a beautiful location of Gilbert!
4	On a recent long weekend in Phoenix, we enjoyed our final, and best, meal at Joe's Farm Grill. This is a truly unique concept. Food is cultivated on the adjacent farm property, or sourced locally whenever possible. As the menu states, it's common food done uncommonly well. Quality is the watch word. Food is prepared and served in a central building where you wait in line to order, pay and then are given a beeper device which signals you (in short order) when your meal is ready to be picked up. Seating options are inside, outside in a covered area immediately adjacent to the building or throughout the grounds (in an orchard kind of setting) at picnic tables. There were seven of us there on a late Sunday morning, the weather was sunny and about 70 degrees so we opted for the picnic table, which could not have been more pleasant. Breakfast is served till 11:00AM, followed by burgers, sandwiches, salads, pizza, Bar-B-Q and sides until 9:00PM. A kid's menu is also offered. Our group choose a variety from the large number of menu choices, and without exception everyone was happy with their selections which included the farm burger with cheese and grilled onions, the Thai chicken salad, the Ahi tuna sandwich (rare with wasabi mayo), excellent rosemary dill panko onion rings, farm milk shades (that day offered in Agritopia Medjool date, pumpkin, as well as the more traditional flavors) and for Izabel, our granddaughter, corn dog bites. This was a thoroughly satisfying dining experience all around, and will be my first meal on my next trip to the Phoenix area.
5	A LOT of hype surrounding this place because of Triple D (the Show on Food Network)  Anyway, been here for breakfast and lunch and always looking forward to coming back.This morning all the normal breakfast foods were loved.  My kids love this place and are always happy with breakfast. I love the pulled pork sandwich & ribs and everything else I have ever had here.  Truly a great place.  I have not tried the pastrami and some of the other stuff that has made this place famous, but I will eventually get to it.  This place has a really great environment too - good for kids.  They do have seats inside if you are wondering.  You do not have to sit outside if there are open tables inside.  Every time I have gone there has been places to sit inside. Go try it if you have been thinking about it.  Really great food and great service.
4	love the Ahi tuna sandwich and the garlic fries.. and the unique restrooms they have.
5	SUPER pretty atmosphere, and good food too! Go and sit outside!
4	Excellent Ahi Sandwich w/ the wasabi mayo, Fontina Burger, Grilled BBQ Chicken pizza...and those garlic fries. French fries finished in olive oil and minced garlic (with a dusting of Romano cheese). Better than any chili-cheese fries you can find in TX/OK. Sure, great Mexican food can be had in the Valley, but we'll definitely return to Joe's on our next visit.Fresh, inventively prepared fare with casual outside/inside dining areas. Almost as good as the Thanksgiving dinner we shared with family a couple of days before!
5	I can't believe that I lived less than ten minutes from Joe's for almost five years and ate here once...WTH?  I guess the location off Higley and Ray wasn't along my normal route, otherwise I would have been a regular for sure.  I'm spending the day with my Golden Retriever, Chloe Rose, so after a walk around the park and a stop off at the doggie juice bar for Mutt Muffins and Yappy Yogurt, I needed a decent spot for lunch that would allow the princess pooch to hang out with me.  The atmosphere at Joe's is really cool and very unique...it was portrayed well on the Food Network's "Triple D"  It's modern, kindof rustic and not Arizona at all.  Gotta love the TV playing cartoons and the Barbie Dolls/GI Joe figurines in the unisex restroom.  We ordered the signature BBQ chicken pizza (the bomb) and the Grilled Chicken Sandwich (one of the best I've ever had) which is HUGE....I ordered it on a multi-grain bun with blue cheese and "upgraded" to garlic fries which were to die for...seriously dripping with garlic and parmesean cheese.  I must also mention the pickles which were awesome...so fresh tasting since the cucumbers are locally grown.   I like that the condiments are self-serve along with the beverages.  I cannot wait to get back here for breakfast next weekend :)
2	The wife and I didn't like it, for the money, it wasn't worth it. She had the curry chicken sandwich which really didn't pop with curry flavor and I had the buffalo chicken sandwich which was overpowered by the bleu cheese sauce and I like bleu cheese. We got there right at the transition from breakfast to lunch so we got the kids an overpriced breakfast and got ourselves an overpriced lunch. The only reason I give it two stars is the atmosphere.
2	This place has gotten so popular and SOOO crowded it has become just way too hit or miss.Last time I tried the Tuna and it was so overdone, so dry, I had to send it back. Traded it for a burger. The burger was the same way!They need to get some quality control back so it gets back to where it once was.
3	As I was heading to San Tan Village today with my parents to do some holiday shopping, we were all throwing out ideas of where to eat. I suggested that we try Joe's Farm Grill.  I have been hearing about this place for years, seen several news broadcasts, and hell it was even showcased on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.  So I was actually wicked excited to try it.  My parents each got burgers.  The burgers  were nothing special, heh.  I got the Ahi Tuna sandwich.  My complaint about the tuna is that is what cooked too long.  It came to me cooked as if it was a medium rare burger.  The next thing that really frustrated me and was a huge dissappointment was the bun they served it on.  It was an everyday hamburger bun that you can buy at any supermarket.  Lame.  As far as the atmosphere of the place, bleh.  The interior was kind of bland, nothing special to look at.  What I will give props to is that you can watch your food being cooked.  Technically it's not an open kitchen because you watch through windows.  I mean everything tasted fine, but it's not a destination that I will go out of my way for.  If I'm in the area I will stop by and try it again, and hopefully with better results food wise.
4	Joe's atmosphere gives off this uncomfortable vibe like you're enclosed from the rest of the world. But the food is the freshest food I've eaten anywhere. I had the 4B burger with garlic fries and a vanilla milkshake. Unreal. Every part of the burger was bursting with fresh flavor. The garlic fries and milkshake were perfect complements. Others in my party had the rib and pork combo that had a very strong smokey flavor. Overall, an excellent place to enjoy the nuances of earths finest foods!
2	The concept is really cool, but the food was pretty average.Joe's was highly recommended by friends.  We got there about 6:30pm on Monday.  The line was long, so we had a chance to review the menu and history.  When we got to the window and started ordering, they then told us they were out of most everything except burgers, grilled chicken & fries So, that's what we ordered.   There was no pizza, no BBQ, no onion rings, etc.)  Wish the would have told us while we waited.  Heck, they had fancy TV monitors promoting their products while we stood in line.  Why not tell us the update before getting to the window!?!And, it was just OK... basic grilled chicken either on a bun or on-top of a salad.  The dressings were nothing to write home about.  The menu promised greens from their farm.  Well, sorry to say, I've grown & purchased local, farm fresh greens and Joe's tasted pretty mass-produced and bland.My biggest concern would be that we arrived OFF season and waited at least 30 minutes to order and they were sold out of half of the menu.  I shudder to think what it would be like when the whole garden is full (meaning 4x more crowds than last night.)Go for the concept, but be prepared for a long wait for basic food.
4	Been wanting to eat here since I knew about DDD.....even after all this time you'd be suprised how crowded it was--on a Tuesday night at 7!  It's all right it was pretty efficient and worth the wait.  I had the buffalo chicken sandwich and garlic fries.  The garlic fries were awesome!  Crisp, perfectly seasoned and not greasy.  The buffalo chicken sandwich was equally as tasty, the chicken breast was butterflied, grilled not fried and was larger than the bun.  Just enough buffalo sauce, some thin celery slices and some blue cheese dressing.  As a surprise to hubby took home fresh banana pudding--he said was was awesome!Only downsides--it was little cool last night so the inside seating was taken quickly--they did have heaters outside but still a tad brisk.  The farm concept is wonderful until the wind shifts--country perfume we used to call it in Virginia--
3	Good food but nothing to drive 20 miles for.  Guy Fieri helped bring a lot of business here and now their prices show it.  I dropped $17 on a burger, fries and chocolate shake.  Not bad for once a year but I can think of better ways to spend nearly $20 on a meal.This is a small establishment with walk-up ordering and call your number when finished just in case anyone was expecting something more fancy.  Don't leave without getting the garlic fries.  Practically worth the entire meal itself.
4	Expensive for having grown their own food. Good product and fresh
4	Great place for lunch, transport yourself back in time to this quaint farm grill which offers high quality food, fresh ingredients, killer burgers and an atmosphere that is one of a kind.  Good place for breakfast as well.  Family owned restaurant goodness.  Only drawback is the line, however good things come to those who wait.
4	One of my favorite little easy valley spots! Old fashioned diner food made with fresh local meat and produce. The milkshakes are amazing, very thick and creamy! The burgers and sandwhiches are also really good, very good and the portions are generous. You can eat inside or enjoy sitting outside in a picnic table under the trees. Great option for dog lovers who need a bit to eat after letting the dog play in Cosmo Dog Park just down the street!
5	Excellent food for a good price. Would highly recommend to anyone for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
4	Finally went here with some friends for dinner tonight after wanting to check it out for a long time.  The BBQ chicken pizza lived up to the hype.  The same for the chocolate shake.  I also really enjoyed the sweet potato fries though I still think the Breakfast Club's are the best in the known universe.  I also snagged one of my friend's onion rings and it was pretty darn good, too.  I'll be sure to get those next time.The quantity and quality of the food is definitely worth the price.  But the decor inside was disappointing.  I would recommend coming here on a nice afternoon so that you can sit outside.  Absolutely do not come here on a winter evening like we did since we were all freezing and our food got cold fast.
5	Love the Ahi Tuna burgers -  cannot forget to mention those garlic fries.
5	Got to get the fried zuc. Best anywhere.
3	Price:  200% of what you'd expect to pay.  We had 5 people and the bill was about $75.  Pretty stunning.Service:  Excellent, and the entire process makes you feel like the feeding cattle that you are.  The rope lines for ordering, and the self-service condiment bar are reminders that you can help yourself, although we will charge you more than retail price.  I'm not sure why Guy Fieri thought this was a good place to go, since families could never afford to eat at prices like this.Taste:  is very good, and the portions will keep you longing for more.I don't know why restaurants keep trying to mimic a Scottsdale-like theme and a Scottsdale-like price.  Please listen-- we don't need fancy places with sky-high prices that keep working-man families away.  We need low-priced, good food with college-kid-type prices.  Please let the Scottsdale-type prices die.
5	omg what more can i say about this place i ate here on a recent vacation and thought the food was amazing i love the way the restaurant was set up it made eating there enjoyable the portions are huge and yeah its expensive if you eat with more than two people but i think its worth it  defiantly a place i would eat at again  :)
5	This place is awesome!!!I love their bbq bleu cheese burger. They have awesome fries, their bathrooms and really cool and I like all of the condiments available to help yourself with.Last but not least the atmosphere and ambience are amazing! I live this place.
5	Wow! The fontina burger, onion rings, and pumpkin shake! Cannot say enough good things about them. This place has made it into my top 10!
2	Meh. Most inconsistent place in the valley! Been here 4x and different experience each time.Last pizza we ordered was totally burnt. Line was too long to even bother taking it back. They are now resting on their laurels.
4	Yummy! Check out the 4B burger, onion rings, and a milk shake if your waistline is up to it! The BBQ chicken pizza or Carolina Dog is nice change of pace if you've sampled the rest of their menu. Note the homemade pickles! They have panko-breaded chicken tenders, too at a really good price.  If you're tempted by the ribs, I'd recommend getting them at Joe's Real BBQ instead. Good stuff.
4	Awesome food! We enjoyed the family farm ad much ad the food.
5	I was visiting my parents for Father's Day Weekend and always wanted to take them to Joe's after seeing it on Food Network. It was great! The ahi tuna sandwich totally lived up to what I saw on the show! Everyone loved their food and we will definitely be back again one day!
5	I love this place. The atmosphere is great, the food is delish! Plus, they have sweet potato fries, my favorite!!
4	Only been once, we had an excellent burger and chicken sandwich. Very fun atmosphere and a beautiful setting if you want to sit outside. I will definitely go back again.
4	I was visiting family in Gilbert and we decided to hit up Joe's, which is all the rage in the East Valley.Simply put: Great food, though they should stop deifying themselves at the expense of Guy Fieri.  I get it.  Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives went there.  I don't need books and television loops reminding me.The place is like a neighborhood hangout in the summer, with families strewn across an endless sea of benches and outdoor tables.  It's definitely one of the things to appreciate about Gilbert.
4	Tough menu.  A lot of choices, so I was vacillating a lot.  I finally decided on the Ahi Tuna sandwich with sweet potato fries.  I also ordered the beet salad just to try it.  I liked everything.  Including the onion rings the hubbie ordered.  This would be the place I would go for onion rings.  Very tasty.We sat outside. Not sure if it would be enjoyable in summer, but mid-Feb, with it finally hitting the upper 70s, it was wonderful.  Several people were there w/ dogs because it is really a picnic area.We will go back.  I want to try the ahi salad...maybe stick w/ the ahi sandwich.  I think it will be the way to go when I'm craving a burger.W/o a doubt, if you go, you HAVE to check out the bathrooms.
4	I enjoy going to Joe's Farm Grill, not just because of the food (utterly amazing onion rings), but also because of the surrounding location.  There are huge, interesting looking trees, beautifully kept grounds, and interesting architecture.  It can be quite crowded, which takes away from the ambiance.  But if you go during off hours (in our case, Superbowl Sunday - hey... no Cards... no point in watching), the crowds are minimal and the grounds are very peaceful, which makes it nice to enjoy the food and the mild February weather.
5	Another favorite for its homegrown and fresh ingredients. Great family place to sit and enjoy the atmosphere and company! Thanks to Guy Fieri for pointing this one out!
2	The food was B+.  If you get the ribs, you'll have a lot to eat for $15, but the thing that made me give them only 2 stars was their service.  I asked the girl at the food window where I could find some ranch.  She said, "Outside" and rolled her eyes like I should have already know that.  Later, after having the ribs, my wife asked the same girl if they had any toothpicks.  She answered "Outside" and rolled her eyes at my wife.  Some blonde girls aren't cut out to be friendly to customers.
5	INCREDIBLE food, relaxed/great atmosphere, perfect to bring kids/family...the cheeseburger, shredded bbq pork sandwich, sweet potatoes- too die for! Must try! Worth the drive!
3	The food is decent. The style of the place is fantastic. The grounds are really cool. The bathrooms are A+++. The soda fountain area is extra nifty. At risk of sounding like a tight-wad, value certainly isn't on the menu, at Joe's Farm Grill.  Sure it's affordable, but say.. I feel like grabbing a tasty salad, i'd throw down a few extra bucks for a tip, and go to somewhere even more awesome, like Pita Jungle.  Finally, I'm not the biggest fan of "family friendly" establishments.... Joe's is always swarmed with 40,000,000 screaming, shrieking children... which I suppose is what one should expect when dining in the UltraBurbs..
5	We live close by and are in joes all the time.  Great place to eat!
2	I had the chicken sandwich, it was surprisingly bland, and a little dry. My sister had a salad that wasn't great. I was with a whole table full of family and all were underwhelmed.  I had heard that is was so great... I would say, ehhh.
4	I've heard about this place for years, and decided to finally give it a try when I learned about the free birthday meal.  We went for breakfast, and I ordered the veggie scramble.  Yum!  I've never had such delicious eggs... everything was so fresh!  The freshly squeezed orange juice was to die for.  We ordered the apple fritters, too, and our 5-year-old couldn't stop licking the sugar off his fingers.  The building is really interesting, and I like the variety of seating options (outside, inside, high-top, booth, etc...).  And I know this might be a weird thing to comment on, but the bathrooms are worth a mention.  They're very retro, with Barbie & G.I. Joe dolls encased in the walls.  There's a T.V. playing old 50's shows, too.  In the bathroom.  Yep.I definitely want to come back for lunch or dinner at some point.  This will be one of my "go-to" unique places to take out-of-town guests from now on.
5	if this is your first time order from the items highlighted on the menu.  I was in PHX for one night and went based on yelp reviews.  My father and I ordered from the featured items (to DIE for Ahi Tuna sandwich and sweetpotato fries for me) and the others in our party did not.  We were munching away totally happy not to be eating at yet another identikit chain joint while they miserably played with their food.
5	This place is like a breath of fresh air tucked away in the land of Agritopia of Gilbert. I love this place mainly for its:1. Picnic tables outside2. Its a perfect place to take an informal date, kids night out, or solo3. The menu has some variety although the burgers are its main staple4. Its got a coffee shop, bistro right next door. It's a completely different yet the same vibe. The younger folk generally hang out here. Great coffee.5. They appreciate our country's VETS! On Vet appreciation night :-)
4	Great burgers and dogs, grilled thin crust pizza, sandwiches and more. You can't beat some of the unique twists that Joe's puts on common fare. Especially when they are using their own farm fresh produce. Casual and comfortable atmosphere as well. Full review and more pictures: http://blog.phosyzzle.com/2011/03/02/joes-farm-grill/
5	I love this place!  We ordered everything that was featured on Diner, Dives and Drives.  I know what you're thinking, what groupies we are?  Couldn't help it.Onion rings were great, even the next day as I nuked them up in the toaster oven. You must try the garlic fries.  I simply could not have enough of the garlic fries.  I'd be happy if I can just have the garlic fries, next time.  My husband loved the fontina burger. I liked the ahi sandwich, but I wish it was a bit more rare.  It said 'rare' on the menu but it not the sushi kind of rare (barely grilled on each side kind of rare).  It's a tad more cooked than to my liking.  The asian coleslaw is not your typical kind of coleslaw.  They add a very nice touch to it, making it light, with a slight asian flavor, but the maker is the mild wasabi mayo.  The mayo simply put, is the BOMB!!The pizza was also good, could have used a little bit less of the bbq sauce.We'll definitely be back!
5	My sister introduced us to Joe's Farm Grill, it's right by her house.  We've been here for breakfast and dinner and the food is delish!  What makes it so great is that everything they make is fresh from their farm, the restaurant sits on the actual farm.  Everything on the menu is good, my favorite is the Fontina Burger and when I order it with the beet salad instead of fries.  I also love their sweet potato fries and their breakfast is also great.  The prices and serving sizes are reasonable you never leave this place feeling stuffed and heavy.  I highly recommend it!!
2	Had the pecan pesto chicken sandwich, the meat was so bland! The worse was spending $10 on that ..came w some cold fries, we ordered fried zucchini nothing special about it
3	A cute place with average food that is one of the few left to allow pets...and that's the reason you come here.  I'm not sure why so many rave about such average food, but it makes for a nice setting and a spring/summertime lunch.  Maybe if I had the cheesecake I'd be in a better mood ;)
5	I love this place! Sit outside on a gorgeous day, picnic style with your friends. Great for families, kids, bigParties, or even a lunch date. My friends devoured their burgers, the salads were really fresh and delicious, and the chicken salad sandwich was super yummy. Also head to the coffee shop part where you can get the yummiest baked goods and coffee. (the cupcakes are soo good)
5	A friend took me here for our weekly lunch and it was a really cool dining experience.  It's very no fuss, it's set up like a fast food place, you look at the menu on the wall then order from the person behind the window.  Then they give you a buzzer that will go off when your food is ready while you go pick a place outside to eat.  The food is amazing!  You can tell how fresh everything is and it's cooked great too.  I can't wait to go back and get another great burger!
4	Yum! This place has great burgers and the sweet potato fries are excellent. They have all kinds of organic options which is awesome and it has a nice little outside area that is great for families and good people watching. It's in a fairly secluded and quiet area also.You pay a little bit more for the organic foods that they raise there, but I think it's worth it. Definitely a destination in the easy valley that's worth driving to. One way to save money is to share the order of fries since they're pretty big.
4	Our friends recommended Joe's farmhouse grill after watching it on Triple D on TV.  Upon entering, you'll notice a tv setup with clips of the segment aired.  We thought by arriving at 2 PM for lunch we could bypass the lunch crowd, unfortunately we were wrong.  It's still packed at 2 PM, which must say something about the food.  We decided to order the Burger, Ahi Tuna sandwich, onion rings, sweet potato fries, and a banana mill shake.Burger - was good, but not spectacular.  However, you could that the ingredients were very fresh .  Ahi Tuna Sandwich -outstanding.  The wasabi flavor complemented the sandwich and this was delicious.Onion rings - worth ordering.Sweet potato fries - good but you can get this elsewhereBanana milk shake - tasty!Overall, this was a solid meal to which we will come back during our next Giants spring break trip!
4	Cute cute location and atmosphere.  Eating outside here for lunch on the tables is very serene, and it's a nice stroll outside to look at the different gardens the farm has.  The onion rings were very crispy and flavorful, and I had the tuna sandwich which was a very big portion and very tasty (albeit messy).  I wasn't impressed by the strawberry milkshake, which did not have enough strawberry flavor to distinguish it much from a vanilla shake.  The prices are a bit high, but the ingredients are high quality.
5	I completed a tri-facta over the weekend.   Ate at all three of Joe's eating establishments.    If you have not eaten at Joe's Farm Grill; you are in for a real treat.    The onion rings are great; had ahi tuna sandwich [great]; the food is well above average and it is a great place to eat outside and enjoy the country; not much of that left in the Valley.     I highly recommend you visit Joe's the next time you are hungry for some good food at very reasonable prices.
4	I really enjoy the atmosphere at Joe's Farm Grill. I love the beautiful surroundings of the pecan trees and the quiet sounds of nature when enjoying the meals outside. On the inside its very interesting as the restaurant was actually the house in which Joe's family lived, of course updated and transformed with a modern feel.There is a wide variety of tasty american meals to choose from. Everything that I have ordered has been excellent and I would encourage all the locals to visit. It is a non-traditional and interesting place to bring along some friends for lunch.  If you are in need of a pick me up, take a walk next door where there is also a place to enjoy coffee, tea and delicious muffins!
4	I came here with some friends when I first moved to AZ. We'd heard a lot about it so I was excited to try it. I had the Fontina Burger and shared a bunch of sides. The burger was pretty good but standard to me like Smashburger or five guys. What got me really excited were the sides!! the onion rings were crispy fried goodness. They were probably my favorite thing there. The sweet potato fries were good too. The right amount of crisp. I really liked the food but nothing stood out in my mind as something I crave and dieeee for. Overall a good pick for lunch.
5	My roommate has been telling me about this awesome place and their amazing Ahi Tuna Sandwich. She's been talking non stop about it so last weekend she decided to take me. I immediately liked the place because it was surrounded by so much green grass lol. It just had that different feel to it like your someplace else and not surrounded by the lame desert...So of course I had to try the Ahi Tuna Sandwich and instead of getting fries with it I substituted it with the beets salad and got myself the strawberry lemonade. At first I was a bit skeptical about the sandwich just cuz I don't like the idea of fish in my sandwich but all I gotta say is just WOW! The sandwich literally just melts in your mouth! and the wasabi mayo they used in it gives a little kick to the taste. Their bread is a bit glazed on top and it tasted so fresh like it was right out of the oven. Their beet salad with pecans and blue cheese was good too and their strawberry lemonade was great! I like the fact that there are REAL strawberry chunks in there and no artificial flavors. I wanna try the fontina burger with sweet potatoes next! with a banana milkshake! MMM!
4	I love the food and the atmosphere at Joe's.  I have been going there for a long time (my sister found it before the DD&D show) and I have always loved going there.  I would have given 5 stars, except the last two times I have been there the lines have been HORRIBLE.  I don't mind waiting in a line when I think the restaurant is doing everything it can to get me through it, but both times I have waited in a line for over 30 minutes they have had ONLY one register open. Once was on a Wednesday night, and once was in the middle of the day!  JOE, if you read this, make sure that if the line is out the door you get them to run both registers.  The food came out quickly, so I know the cooks weren't busy.  I would rather wait at the table a little longer for my food and have one of those cooks taking orders.  At least then I am sitting down.As for the food, it's great.  Love the BBQ Chicken Salad, the pizzas, all of their chicken sandwiches, burgers and the onion rings, the sweet potato fries (dipped in their homemade ranch, yum!) and even the beet salad are great.   But come prepared to wait in line!!
4	I've been to this place a few times and always enjoy my meal.  The kids love to run around outside and it gives them something to do while we are waiting for our food.  Although, if you aren't into sitting at a picnic table outside when it is 110 this isn't the place for you especially because it can get crowded and there isn't enough inside seating for everyone.  BUT, that has nothing to do with their food.  I love the garlic and sweet potato fries.  The blue burger is also delicious and the burger was juicy as they should be.  I recently had the Ahi Tune sandwich and LOVED it.  It was different than what I normally get and a GOOD different.  I'm talking the type of good where I'm going to be sitting around and think, "I need to go to Joe's and get me one of them Ahi Tuna sandwiches."  Also BBQ chicken pizza was an A+!
2	Sorry, but I just don't like the food.  I live walking distance to this place and really, really want to like it but just can't.  Atmosphere is nice, but I think the Coffee Shop next door has better food.  I usually get the pesto chicken sandwich which is very good, but for $10 (french fries are extra), I'd rather eat off a plate and not out of a plastic basket.  I've also had the BBQ chicken pizza - burnt and had to saw through it.  My kids don't like the food either.  The kids pizza is always burnt and the grilled cheese is made on Texas toast - okay for some kids, but mine didn't like it.
4	I have been here a few times and it is a favorite for out of town guests. The food is yummy. If the weather is nice, the location is yummy. Great place to take kids. The lines SUCK. Go eat there when most people don't eat. And never on a Sunday post church time.
5	This is as good as it gets. I went here with two of my best girlfriends for lunch before our shopping spree and fell in love with this place.  It's a perfect place for lunch with the family or even if you are on a date. The eating area is surrounded by plenty of trees(orange maybe?) I forgot for a second that I am in Arizona. Almost all of their food are locally grown and the produce are harvest on the same day....from their farm to your  plate.I had grill salmon with asparagus and it was delicious, my friends had a BBQ hamburger(6 oz., thick cut bacon, blue cheese, hand-breaded onion ring, Joe's Real BBQ sauce.) and from the expressions on their faces it was DELISH. I recommend the zucchini fries, garlic fries and onion rings...it was a feature on food's network.Enjoy :)
4	Great for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  this food is consistently good.  I do not like the feeling inside the restaurant, but if  it is a nice day, their outdoor tables are great!
4	I really dig this place! It was on food networks "Diners, drive-ins, and dives" show. The atmosphere comes off as retro/vintage. There's lots of seating options inside and out. There was so much to try on the menu that was unique and original. We tried the bbq chicken pizza, fried zucchini, and cobb salad. The pizza was excellent--thin crust and perfectly crispy. The zucchini was nicely battered and came with side of ranch. I cant wait to come back and try the fontina burger next time!
4	Okay, a lot of reviews on this place so I will get right to the points.Pros:1. One of the best American Grill style restaurants you can find in town, maybe the best.2. Great atmosphere, sitting outside is nice when its not hot.3. Food is very fresh.4. Food comes out quick once its orderedCons:1. Long lines, expect long wait just to order when its busy.2. Not the cleanest restaurant that I have been to, I can see its hard to keep all tables/chairs clean when they have so many customers.3. Possible long line to fill up the drinks4. Only two family restrooms, line again!Bottom line, I do recommend this restaurant to everyone, must pick a not so busy time.
5	One day, about three years ago, I wanted some fries. I wanted them badly. After a while on the internet I found that Joe's Farm Grill supposedly had the best fries in town, so I went, expecting nothing more than some good fries. What I got, was an almost religious experience. I am now a convert to whatever this Joe guy is selling.   Joe's Farm Grill is so grand, in fact, that I find it kind of hard to review. A delicious, locally owned restaurant that was featured on Food Network attached to a beautiful farm where they grow their vegetables, plus an award winning cupcake/coffee shop and some of the coolest bathrooms I've ever seen. I could write three pages on it! But I'll make it simple, because there are plenty other reviews to look through. I have never had anything less than great here, whether you're looking for a burger and fries or some ahi tuna, Joes is here for you like a charismatic cult leader. If you haven't stopped by Joes, punch yourself in the face, then head on out.
4	I love Joe! He is a sweet little man with a great vision. All of his restaurants are terrific and this one is no exception. Granted, I have only been here once (Its kinda far out there and I live in the Copa) but the one time I went was a great experience. I had some kind of chicken pesto sammich with sweet potato fries. The sandwich was very tasty I think mainly because of the flavorful pesto that was on it. The sweet potato fries were good, however, since I am a sweet potato fries connoisseur, they were not the best I have had. However, they give you a mango salsa that does with them and that was pretty legit. Also got to try their BBQ chicken pizza. It was good but I think I am starting to lean toward not being a fan of BBQ pizza, the sauce it just too much for me on a pizza. Anyways. service was good and I loved the atmosphere outside. The inside could use a little sprucing up and I can see why people dont usually eat in there. But I love the outside and feeling like I am having a picnic in the woods with gourmet food. Way to go Joe on another successful venture, YOU ROCK!
5	So delicious! You can't beat the atmosphere either. Local businesses rock!
5	The char-crust on the burgers are friggin' ridonculous! Every bite is an explosion of flavorness and juiciness, and whichever other 'ness' you could imagine.The Garlic fries here have utterly ruined any other chance that any other garlic fry out there would have-ever.  I have not tasted their equal anywhere! First taste brings me back to my childhood.  With it's escargot-like butter concoction, I lost my mind!  They get extra points for the pool of residue that collects at the bottom of the fry boat. My mouth is literally watering as I type...sighChocolate shake rounds out the dining experience due to it's bombness! get a spoon, they're thickness.Clearly they have more to offer, but I have found the magic equation and will stick to it.  The pizzas do look good however....
5	My family and I loved the food and the outdoor picnic setting. We all ordered burgers and had no complaints. The highlight of our meal was the fried zucchini...it was delicious! We'll be back for sure!
5	Best ribs and waffles ANYWHERE. Fun to sit outside. Go here, you will like it for sure!
4	Friends raved about Joe's so I was excited to check it out. The line on a Thursday at 7pm took about 30min which made me think that it was going to be amazing. Love that it's mostly local and organic. Food was good but I understand why people think it was a little too pricey. Garlic fries were yummy even though they were kind of cold. Pesto Chicken Sandwich could have had more flavor but I'm a total pesto snob. The number of rude children running around bumping into people trying to pick up food or get drinks was annoying but typical. I'll go back to check out the coffee shop for sure!
5	I loved everything about my visit to Joe's Farm Grill! I ordered the Fontina Burger. It was lovely and fresh. The food is made with quality ingredients in a casual atmosphere. We sat at the picnic tables under the trees with fragrant orange blossoms. The weather was gorgeous and it felt so relaxing and calming. I loved the change of pace and scenery. We did not want to leave.
5	Holy smokes!  I can see driving to Gilbert, AZ from Ventura County just to re-experience this delightful dining experience.  Flavor, flavor, flavor!  On our way back from our New Orleans road trip we detoured and took a chance on Joe's and it was well worth it.    We are bringing the kids next time so watch out!  By the way the G.I Joe's showcased were a nice touch.
2	Oh no, Joe! Here's the problem:1.  You need to do something about the ridiculous line out the door.  Yes, you are popular.  Yes it was dinner time (on a Thursday night.) So why was there only one person taking orders?  You have two registers. Heard numerous complaints during my 30 minute wait.2.  if someone orders the havarti pesto burger, please include the pesto.  even if the person orders it without the bun.  You could put it in a condiment cup.3.  When you're making kids food, please be aware that kids are some of the pickiest diners out there and unhappy kids = unhappy parents.  The kids grilled cheese came out with some red sauce on the cheese part.  not just a little.  Therefore kids refused to eat.  Perhaps it was pizza sauce?  BBQ sauce?  Whatever it was, it shouldn't have been there.  That's $10 down the drain.  Yes, two kids meals which were 1/2 a grilled cheese sandwich each were $5. And, mommy, who went out to avoid having to cook after a long day had to go home and prepare something.4.  What's the story with the flies?  Well, of course they are expected at an outdoor place, but our table was literally swarming with them.  I noticed that the tables under the trees did not have patrons vigorously swatting these pesky creatures away.  This isn't really a complaint, just a heads up to future guests to suss out the tables before you sit down.5.  What do you do best?  I want to give you one more chance as my mom's group loves to 'lunch' here, but I just haven't discovered the magical menu item.  My husband said he's come for the last time, so I'm on my own.  I've had the sandwiches and pizzas and nothing stands out.  A couple positives to end my review:When I went back in to get my pesto, the guy who got it for me was super friendly.Food comes out quickly once it's ordered.Cool bathroom.One final piece of advice - sit on the side away from the street.  We learned this the hard way as it was a nuisance to continuously walk around the building for drink refills, taking kids to the bathroom, utensils, condiments, picking up food, etc.
2	Joe's, I want to love you but I don't. I think there are two types of people that go here. People that know the food is average and people who are in denial because of its geography. Your food is extra "meh" with a side of "Hmmm."We have been here many times. The set-up is terrific. We make the trek and take our dog to nearby Cosmo Dog Park... then hop over for pizza, hamburgers, salads, etc. (I think we've tried just about everything... to no avail. How do you screw up BBQ pizza??)Since I may sound like a Negative Nelly, I will say I dig the milkshakes.So why is it so popular? This is a haven for East Valley apologists who want to have a signature restaurant to call their own but don't want to drive into "the city." Look into your hearts, people of Mesa / Gilbert. Enough of the charade. You saw it on Food Network and you're happy there's some place there with a line out the door.
5	One of my favorite places to grab breakfast in the East valley. The lunch is great too. However, those blueberry pancakes can't be beat! It's always busy and once you eat there, you'll know why. I love Joe's!
5	First, I am not from the East Valley.  Second, Josh K's review is the most ridiculous thing I've ever read.  He must be trying to get something for free out of Joe's or he has NO taste for food.  With that said...This is quite possibly my favorite restaurant anywhere.  The BBQ chicken pizza is awesome.  The Bleu Bacon BBQ burger is the single best hamburger I've ever eaten.  The BBQ sauce with the bleu cheese is SO good.  Their BBQ chicken salad is phenomenal.  And, if you come for breakfast, their blueberry pancakes will knock your socks off!!!I can not recommend this place more highly, you will not be disappointed.
3	Once upon a time pre-foodnetwork coverage I'm sure this place was good. But now the line is longer than the one waiting for Splash Mountain and at the end of this line there's  just mediocre food. At least at splash mountain you can scam your way through the front with renting out a wheelchair. I suspect they have  a tactic for this long line I waited for an hour and by the time I ordered I was super hungry my family and I  ordered the BBQ pulled pork ,farmer burger, onion rings, banana pudding milkshake. We practically inhaled the food not because it was exceptional but because we were hungry!!!!!  It's alright but for promoting  the "fresh ingredients" I couldn't taste the difference, well not enough to wait an hour and drive 20 min.My boyfriend said "the highlight of our trip was the freshly squeezed lemonade."I mostly enjoyed the setting it was quaint.All in all  their food is alright nothing wow.
5	Wow - the garlic fries alone were worth the trip!  Definitely a 5/5.  I had the BBQ chicken pizza, which was pretty good.  It wasn't bad, but wasn't in the same league as others that I've had.  Maybe I just like a different style.  I'd give that a 3.5/5.  My wife had the ahi tuna burger and rated it a 4/5.  She also had a milkshake and sweet potato fries and said they were both a 5/5.
5	This place is AWESOME!!!I ordered the BBQ pork plate the portion was HUGE, I couldn't finish it all!!! It was so delicious. Pricing is extremely fair!!!I love the seating area outside, its like having a picknick!!!
2	Once again come on Guy you must be eating different food then they serve me... I have given Joe's farm grill two try's now and not impressed with the long lines to everything there... Frist visit ordered the same meal guy did Ahi Tuna Sandwich (Grilled rare, wasabi mayo Asian slaw with fries I also bought a order of onions rings... Well I was waiting I was so lucky to watch a loop of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives of Joes's Farm Grill on tvs they have there... My number is called and I get my food from the window the ahi is not rare at all so over cooked the oinion rings are so greasy and are not good this guy bummed... Second trip I have to wait 20 people deep out the door for lunch I order the BBQ Bacon Blue Burger (6oz, thick cut apple wood smoked bacon, blue cheese, hand breaded onion rings and Joe's real BBQ sauce... Once again it was not this meal that I was hoping for it was just ok really greasy and filling not my kind of meal... I will go back one more time in hopes that the 3rd will be the charm.
4	We've been here twice, once for coffee/breakfast at their place in the back and the next for dinner to sample the burgers I had read about.  I love the ambiance here and the casual dining on picnic tables outside on their lovely grounds, and the food is a notch above decent, and fresh, for sure.  We will most likely be back, just because it's a cool little spot with good food.
5	This place is great . It really great for family meals.  The food is good.
3	Went again yesterday for lunch.  It's the place that a lot of friends want to go so I just shut up and tag along.  Still think it's just okay but am upping it a star for the incredible management.After my previous review, I was contacted by the manager and he not only comped my meal but sent  a giftcard for a future visit.  How cool is that?  Now if I can only find something I like.  So, on this visit I tried the chicken breast sandwich with pesto.  It was good - very good.  The bun is soft and fresh, the breast is plump and juicy (wow, sounding a tad steamy there, so I'll take it down a notch) and the onion rings (which I tried for the first time after 20+ visits) did not disappoint.  We also got the baked potato fries.  Yummy.Thanks Anthony for your generosity.  I got the gift card after I got back from lunch so I'll be visiting again soon.  You rock!
3	Perhaps I went in with overly high expectations, but the overall experience didn't leave a lasting impression.Pros:  Outdoor seating was beautiful and very family friendly.  Restaurant was clean and the food was prepared in a reasonable amount of time.  Service was very friendly and the staff clean and well kept.  Portion sizes were adequate.Cons:  For the taste and quantity of the food, it's a bit over priced.  The BBQ Sampler was about $13, and the taste very average.  There wasn't anything particularly special about the food.  The meals wasn't  bad by any means, but it wasn't, "mmmm, let's come here again" good.In summary, it was a pleasant dining experience mostly because of the outdoor seating area, but the food was very average and over priced.  Take two or three dollars off the price of each meal, and it would be justified.
4	I have been to this place a couple of times and so far each time has been a great experience for the most part.  The food is awesome, and the atmosphere is fun and friendly (definitely family oriented, with a lot of outdoor seating).Out of the two times that I have been here, I have tried their fontina burger, the pesto chicken sandwich, the sweet potato fries, and the garlic fries. The burger was delicious, the chicken in the pesto chicken sandwich was cooked to perfection, and the fries were awesome (although, the garlic fries had too much garlic for my taste). The only downside is that this place is always packed  (or at least the two times that I have been here).  It was featured on the Food Network, so I kind of knew that it was a popular place. But the funny thing is that I thought if going at a later time for lunch and on a weekday that it wouldn't be bad, but I was wrong and the line was still out the door.  Also, I kind of wanted to try their milkshakes, but the line was way too long to get back into (sort of wish they had an express line for desserts). Oh, and check out their restroom for a weird/funny surprise.
4	I had a mixed, but overall positive experience here. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Burger and was enjoying the tuna and the slight tang of the wasabi sauce they used on it, but as I was nearing the middle of my burger, there was a mess of tuna tendon. I casually let the girl at the window know and she immediately put in an order to have another ahi tuna burger made for me. I had no problem with the second burger and it was delicious.I love the atmosphere of this place and the mist they sprinkle really cools you down in the Arizona sun.
5	No need for one more excellent review of this place, but I'm gonna do it anyway. After much ado & buzz over the last few years, I finally made the hike (and believe me, it's a 45 minute jaunt from CenPho) out here today for a client meeting. Wham, bam, thank you Joe -- I'm a fan.Excellent food.  Killer restrooms.  Awesome pressurized condiments.Oh, and they give you a $10 credit towards your meal on your birthday.  Cool!150% excellence.
5	came on a thursday for dinner around 7pm, and there was line out the door. had to wait 20-25 minutes before reaching the counter. i ordered the cheapest item on their menu, the farm salad. it took only 5 minutes before i was buzzed for my salad, which was delicious and filling.
4	Let me start by saying the food was great.  Having made a bit of a drive to get there we went all out and ordered a little smorgasbord of items.  A dark chocolate shake, strawberry lemonade, onion rings, a Thai chicken salad, ribs and a fontina burger.  Wow, it was a lot of food.  The salad was really the only thing I found a little lacking and that may have been because everything else was SO good.  The onion rings were hand dipped and fried in panko breadcrumbs, crispy and hot.  The ribs were fall off the bone and so lean!  The burger was melt in your mouth.  The only issue I did  have was that seating was hard to come by for us and the other couple we came with.  Their son needed a highchair, so we ended up outside.  Which seemed to be nice, even cool, (in June)  but as soon as the boys brought the food out there was a swarm of nasty flies!  They were everywhere, I literally couldn't eat without having to move my arms around my plate to keep them at bay.  We had to take the party inside.  It was croweded and difficult to get the highchair to the table.  So maybe not the greatest if you've got kids.  Otherwise, worth the trip.
5	This place is so cool...my friend used to live in agritopia (the neighborhood that this restaurant is in)...and when i was over at her place we were trying to figure out where to go for dinner...she suggested we go here and i was like y not it sounded fine...so we get in the car and it was 30 seconds and we were there...it is situated in this little orchard/park/garden like area...so cute and very farm like...but without the bad smells and animals...You walk in and grab a menu and wait in line...this place was packed...you have to wait in line to order your food...they have an awesome menu...first of all their bbq chicken pizza is delicious!!! Its handmade and they but sprinkles of blue cheese or gorganzola cheese on top...yummy they have this bbq pulled pork sandwich...umm fabulous...the garlic fries and sweet potato fries i would give up my left arm for...they have these amazing shakes and malts and they have a flavor of the week or month i forget which one...you can get the staple flavors like chocolate, vanilla and strawberry too...it is all just reat food...so u order and they give you a little buzzer and you wait for your food...its open seating inside and outside...if u go with a group secure a table first because this place has been packed everytime i go...you dispense your own condiments and drinks...it is just so cute...this place has done something very very right...i wish it werent out in gilbert...but what can you do? I love this place and if im out that way im going to stop by...try it...its worth the drive...its great for families with kids...the kids csn play outside and its casual...
5	This is what my mom said when we brought her here, "I have to be honest, when we pulled up I thought 'W-T-F,' but now I'm mad you've never brought me here before!"My favorite things are the Date Shakes and the seared ahi tuna sandwich. Everything here is so fresh- the produce, the atmosphere, the decor. I love that they use produce from their backyard! There are always rotating specials too.This is something else I appreciate about the staff- they always offer HELPFUL advice. I feel like they're honest and sincere with their suggestions and have not steered me wrong yet!
5	I love this place. Great food, great coffee, great views, great prices. And I love that it's local. You've gotta check it out.
4	Love the food. But, they really must rethink their coffee sevice system. It does not work when they are busy. Which is most of the time.
4	I absolutely love this place.  The outdoor seating under the fruit trees is great.  There is also outdoor misters to cool it down a bit in the summer.  The outdoor condiment area is awesome (I need that set up at my house).  A section of land like this is rare to find around the Phoenix area. This places gives you a sense you are not in a huge city.  The food is amazing, bbq pork is the way to go.  Get one of their malts on the out for your drive home
5	Had the cod and a cheese burger. The Cod was cooked perfectly and is very nicely breaded. The cheese burger was covered in fresh veggies and the meat tasted great. They have a great condiment bar in the outside seating area, super nice dinning outside. The inside was very clean even in a rush.
4	While the food is good, the patrons certainly took away from our experience, quite the rude and pretentious set. Definitely not the restaurant's fault but just be aware, for a family friendly place not alot of people willing to hold a door open for a woman struggling with a stroller! I ordered the BBQ pork sandwich with sweet potatoe fries, delicious! My husband went with the chicken pesto sandwich, he loved that as well! The tables were cleaned quickly which is critical for such a busy place (even at 8:00pm!)Good experience overall, perhaps next time we will try take-out and surround ourselves with a nicer bunch!
2	Lousy service, food is ok IF they have what you want.  I showed up today, wooed to go here by the description of the Ham & Cheese fritters.  So, arriving 10 minutes after they opened at 8 - they were out.  No "sorry" - just "we don't have it, but it's on the list to be made."  Good to know.  Maybe one of the two cooks on break or the cook who kept running back and forth to the bathroom texting on could have made some.  I got something else (only because the counter girl made me feel uncomfortable, becuase I was taking too long thinking about a plan B) - it was ok.Service was mediocre - counter girl just set on our empty drink cups on the counter, forcing us to reach inside their stupid window while she watched.  The maintenance guy (after a good 30 minute BS session with another maintenance guy) proceeded to stink up the outside (how hard is to stink up the outside?) using ridiculous amounts of stainless steel polish.  I was visiting friends, who said they don't go becuase it is always crowded. Every time we drove by this week, the parking lot was empty.  10 minutes after open - you are already out of stuff for the after-church breakfast crowd - now I see why.Most TV stars make it becuase they are great actors - this TV star acts like a great restaurant - but really - I would pass.Stick to farming, Joe.EDIT - I was contacted by their General Manager within hours of this review being posted.  That is some quick response, and he seemed genuine in making things right.  It does not change what the visit was like, but I will give them another star for the effort to fix things so quickly.
5	I love this place!  It gets pretty busy after 6 most nights, if you can get there before then you can beat the rush.  I have had the pizza, regular burger, ahi tuna sandwich, the bbq pork.  Can't really go wrong with most things here.  I want to try out their breakfast menu sometime.  Definitely check this place out, worth the time and money.
2	Ok look this place is hit and miss, I just went here my second time and man I dont think I will be returning. The pizza was bitter, the chicken tenders didnt have any flavor. When I left I almost felt like giving someone a piece of my mind. It was lunch time so there were long lines didnt want to make it a big issue. If I were you get the hamburger and fries and/or onion rings. Stick to where they do well. DONT GET THE PIZZA!!!!!
4	i had never been before but was very impressed.  got the ahi salad and it was substantial- not just in size, but in variety of vegetables.  the place's draw is the locally grown vegetables.  everything was awesome and tasty.  the big complaint- flies.  we were inside and flies were driving me crazy.  that's the only reason i didn't rate this a 5.  food is awesome
4	Objectively: delicious food. There's nothing better than local and perfectly utilized ingredients. The Farm Grill's claim-to-fame is being a featured restaurant on Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, and Joe's doesn't try to hide it. Several monitors in the lobby have a looped video of Guy Fieri trying the Fontina Burger, which was what I decided to try. I've visited the grill two or three times at this point, and the Fontina has been my choice on each occasion. I certainly recommend the sweet potato fries, fried zucchini, and obviously the Fontina Burger, but don't hesitate to try anything on the menu. For the cost, the banana pudding was pretty small compared to the size of the shake. Keep an eye on what other people order to get some pretty good perspective.
4	I know this place doesn't need another review so I will keep it short and sweet. Joe's Farm Grill is a great  desert gym. I had the Fontina Burger with the Garlic Fries and I literally dreamt about it the next night. I plan on going back to try the other items. The only negative is the lack of indoor seating. I would recommend staking out a seat before you order so that way you don't get stuck outside with the flies.
5	For all of the notoriety Joe's has gotten for being farm-to-table and all about the freshest ingredients, I - in my infinite wisdom - accidentally ordered something a meal that was entirely fried.That's not to say the panko-breaded eggplant wasn't great, because it was fried well and came along with a great homemade marinara sauce. Similarly, the hushpuppies were equally excellent, made with pieces of actual corn for a little bit of texture. And the Friday fried cod was no slouch either, though given an upbringing where fish fries were the norm, the purity of ingredients approach did little to curb my ho-hum attitude. It's easy to see why the line was out the door by the time I finished my meal - Joe's is a bastion of fresh food in a desert, but I advise those ordering to choose menu items that best highlight that freshness.
4	I've been here a few times, and everything I've ordered has been delicious!
4	I was contacted by the manger at this location cause of my bad review, I am really for proactive owners. I really need to go back to this location to give them another try since the first time I went there it was really good. I was given a gift card to wipe out what I paid for the last meal as kinda of do over. I will be back Anthony and I will let you know how my next visit is.
3	I wish I could split up catagories as their breakfast truly carries their rating with me.Breakfast- awesome.  I recommend the pancakes, with anything.  They are the best pancakes I have ever had in my entire life.  Seriously.  I'm not sure what they put in them but they always taste so good.  My second recommendation would be to get the breakfast tacos with sausage.  Also, so good.  My husband always get the huevos rancheros; he goes on about how delicious they are but I have yet to try them myself.  Go for breakfast but make sure you go early and don't go between 10:30-11 on a Sunday because you'll have a bit of a wait.  During the week is usually quiet and is a good time.Lunch/dinner- I haven't exactly had the best experience with anything that I've had.  It's not that what I had was made poorly or was disgusting it's just food you can get anywhere.  There are no dynamic flavors in anything; everything is just blah.  I feel bad writing this review because I want to love everything I get but I'm never fully satisfied with my choices.  In their defense, my husband and aunt rave about their chicken salad sandwich but, again, I have yet to try it.
5	Love.  Went again last month in June.  So excellent!!!
3	I enjoy the food at Joe's Farmgrill but after my last experience I cannot get my family to go there with me, the problem was the flies, I know it's a farm but I do not like to feel like I'm camping when I eat my food (unlessI planned to be camping!)  I was sitting inside and the flies were dive bombing us so badly and after paying 10.00 for a burger (which is outrageously delicious) it's upsetting to feel like you have to eat quickly to avoid swallowing flies.  Again their food is always good and fresh, I love how we can see it being prepared fresh in front of you.  I love the sweet potato fries and the pineapple chutney that comes with it - I still plan to go back but hope the fly situation is better next time because I enjoy the food and the fresh taste.  They also make a fabulous grilled cheese great for kids as well as yummy shakes.
4	I love this place.  I am from NY but visit family in AZ often.  I have to make a stop here every time I visit.I absolutely love their selection of foods.  Everything always tastes so fresh and delicious.  In the past I used to constantly order the "Buffalo Chicken Sandwich" which is absolute heaven, blue cheese and hot wing sauce so tasty and not annoyingly spicy and the chicken was juicy not dry.   Get napkins for this one  I recently switched back to being a vegetarian so this past visit I ordered the "Portobello Mushroom Sandwich" and it was really tasty, very juicy.  Get more napkins for this one too!   They seem to really know how to marry flavors together well and make fresh tasting, juicy, delicious food.I also always get their garlic fries which are a dream if you love garlic as much as I do, their sweet potato fries are also delicious.  I took of one star just because the indoor seating area has a lot of flies, it seems it's just due to the environment of it being a farm with lots of fruit trees so I think they just make their way towards the food indoors.. It's not from uncleanliness because the place is clean.  But I feel they can correct this buy installing some kind of anti-fly system.   This includes the bathroom which has the "Thunderbirds" show on tv for some reason with collectible dolls in the walls!So to sum up, I absolutely will not visit AZ without stopping here! the food is too good!
4	Joe's Farm Grill was featured on Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives. Joe's is a very unique place and a must visit if you live in the Phoenix area. Joe's Farm Grill is located on a farm and many of the items on the menu are made with ingredients that are grown on the property, pretty cool. They have a menu with traditional items, which are created with unique ingredients.Some of the best options are the Fontina Burger, the Pesto Chicken Sandwich, and the Portobello Farm Salad. The onion rings are very good, and some of the best I've had.Unique restaurant with good food, gives Joe's Farm Grill an above average rating of four stars.
2	I don't get it!!My husband, daughter and I went to eat at Joe's because we saw a menu in the Hotel where we were staying nearby.  The Menu mentioned that the TV show DINERS DRIVE-INS AND DIVES had done a show about the place and indicated the menu items that were highlighted on the show that were supposedly delicious!I called ahead for directions and was greeted with an attitude when I explained that we were from out of town, staying at a hotel that has their menu and needed directions to get there.  I assumed since the menu was in the hotel room that the employees at Joe's  would know how to direct someone to get there from the hotel.  After I explained several times the cross streets and the name of the hotel where we were staying, explained that we were just north of the 202 freeway etc and was just about to give up, the girl finally was able to give me directions.  Was that an omen of things to come??The first irritation that we encountered was standing in line and trying to decide what we should order while there was only ONE cashier.   So when we did reach the window to place our order we could practically feel the irritation of the people waiting behind us while we tried to ask a few questions about the menu.  Feeling pressure to hurry up by the impatient look on the cashiers face we ordered a variety of things for the three of us.  The Fontina Burger, Pulled Pork Sandwich, Onion Rings, Sweet Potato Fries and Fresh Beet Salad.With the variety of what we ordered you would think at least one of the three of us would taste something we liked, but the only adjective that we could come up with for everything was BLAH.  I am not exaggerating....we were all hungry and we are not picky eaters, but we just couldn't get a good bite of anything.Also when I placed our order I asked for side orders of the onions rings and sweet potato fries but the cashier rang up full orders which I didn't realize since my husband paid the bill not knowing it should have been less.  Our bill for the 3 of us was equal to what we would pay at a restaurant with someone serving us!!  I wouldn't mind so much if the food tasted good but......  TheFONTINA BURGER was cooked very well done (I ordered it medium/well).  It had a very slight smear of pesto (so slight that I couldn't even taste it) with a few small pieces of mushy grilled pepper and the fontina cheese.  The burger was so unremarkable that I can't even remember if there were "greens" on it our not.  I would describe this burger as DRY and BLAH.The ONION RINGS had such a crunchy exterior that it actually hurt our mouths to bite into them.  Besides that, the onion pieces were so thin you could hardly taste the onion.  It was like eating a basket full of crunchy fried breading.The SWEET POTATO FRIES and the WHITE POTATO FRIES were also just BLAH....how can you mess up fries??  After some serious thought we decided it had to be the type of oil that they were fried in.  It was just tasteless.  Even salt and ketchup couldn't help these fries!  The BBQ PORK SANDWICH was just okay as was the COLESLAW.  Not really much to say about them.  The BEET SALAD tasted like dirt.  My daughter and I both love beets but neither of us could take more than one bite of this salad.The PICKLES that they put on top of everything are just gross.  What they heck is wrong with just a dill pickle?  Why the sweet and sour wierd flavor combo??There is only one DRINK MACHINE and CONDIMENT BAR and it is OUTSIDE!  So to fill your drink or get your napkins and ketchup you have to go out the door and stand in line then try to get back in the door while juggling everything.  Irritating!More irriation came in the form of the FLIES swarming our table which made for a very frustrating time of swatting them off of our food between bites. We were all hungry but none of us finished our meal because we were just bored and frustrated trying to get a good bite.  We even tried to doctor stuff up by dipping our fries in the bbq sauce and adding ketchup to the burger but we just couldn't fix any of it!We left feeling ripped off, vowed to never return and decided we deserved to stop for an ice cream someplace on our way back to the hotel to get that IRRITATING, BLAH, SWEET and SOUR, DIRT flavor out of our mouths.PAY ATTENTION TO THE DETAILS would be my recommdendation to the staff of this place because everything really adds up or takes away from the dining experience.  We were overcharged, irritated by the set up, atmosphere and flies and we were still hungry when we left!  I am submitting this review because I don't want other people who have never eaten here before to be fooled by the FOOD NETWORK show hype the way we were.  The only reason I gave two stars is because I like the "farm fresh concept" and wanted to give the place credit for that.
5	Pure Heaven in your mouth! Whats not to love? The atmosphere is amazing and the food is even better!!
3	Last Sunday, second day in the Phoenix area...Blame Yelp for this review... I would have never found this attraction on my own!Joe's Farm Grill is housed in a Tomorrowland-like building construction with Glass and Steel framing that was pretty popular during the 50s when architects during that era deemed the use of a lot of Glass the wave of the future. A "get-it-yourself" fountain drink dispenser is located outside the building... which makes it available for the people sitting in the outside Patio and at the Picnic Tables... but it's kind of a hassle for diners inside, that do not prefer the "fresh air". As I walked into the establishment... I was very surprised to see another Disneyland-like feature seen only at amusement parks...  a snake-like waiting-line area. I had to pinch myself... Where was I? Disneyland or Gilbert, Arizona? The actual Dining area is divided into two spaces... the front area has a dual function of being an ordering area and a dining area; there is also a rear dining area more suited for larger groups such as families separated by a see-through wall. First impression after ordering and being handed a beeper to notify us when our order was ready... Dang, it's HUMID in here! At 10am on a Sunday, with the restaurant only 2/3rds full... the humidity was a little irritating... I would not like this place later in the day when occupancy reaches 100% and the temperature reached 110 degrees.FLIES, FLIES... and more Flies!!! This was my second observation... In the waiting time for the Buzzer to go off, I had performed the following entomological analysis... You have two kinds of this nuisance at Joe's Farm Grill... Before you get your food, you get buzzed around your dome by these real-small flies that are attracted by your body orifices. Then... after you get your meal, the small guys disappear and then you have to deal with larger flies that are attracted by your food. I don't know which ones were worse... the Big Flies going after your food, or the Teeny-Weeny ones trying to use you as a human incubator for their progeny. Yes, I had THAT much time while waiting for the Beeper to start Flashing! All this despite the Orkin fluorescent Bug-Killers! Take me out of this friggin' Healthy Outdoors!SWAT! SWAT! SWAT! Now for the Food Review... PLASTIC PLATES??? All entrees are served on Black Plastic plates - another AMUSEMENT PARK feature!!! When I picked up my meal for my friend and I, I thought to myself... "Joe's Farm Grill is actually receiving 4-Stars... for using Plastic Plates?!?!". Of course, the plastic must be recyclable or environmentally friendly. I don't know of any other restaurant on Yelp that can get away with this without getting penalized in the ratings...Pancakes & Fresh Fruit (**** 1/2 $6.49) Stack of Four, Fresh Fruit, Whipped Cream and Syrup. Smaller than average Pancakes, but the Pancakes were made just right with very good consistency; Fruit consisted of quite a bit of Blueberries, Raspberries, and Strawberries. VERY, Very good.Meat & Potato Scramble (** 1/2 $7.99) Skillet Potatoes, Bacon, Sausage, & Ham with four Cheeses. A less than memorable Scramble... maybe because it was SALTY!!! Healthful? NOPE! This Scramble could have been the Freshest Scramble ever... Would have never known that with the Saltiness masking everything.Iced Tea (*** $1.99) All you can drink in a smallish cup... if you get it yourself... OUTSIDE... in the 110 degree HEAT!Afterwards, my friend and I walked outside, to get away from the architectural masterpiece I refer to as a humidifier, where the most impressive part of the restaurant location was... the humongous Trees! But, I have to wonder why anyone would Picnic underneath these trees, though... You have to wonder why all the limbs are supported by HUGE steel Stanchions, as large as the limbs they're supporting, embedded in the ground. And... hasn't anyone that pic-nicked under the trees read the warning signs for falling branches and the danger of climbing on said branches?Last observation... which is the most disconcerting... With the restaurant 2/3rds of capacity.... only two couples of "color"? Look around you when you arrive at Joe's... you can perform the math yourself. Unfortunately, I notice things like that...I also noticed quite a few reviews that mention the TV show, "Diners,  Drive-In's & Dives"... When has a TV show been the arbiter of what is a good restaurant? Frankly, I'd rather "find" my favorite dining establishments myself.I really admire the idea of Self-Sufficiency and Sustainability in the Joe's Farm Grill which supposedly results in better Health for the patrons and Fresh Produce for the restaurant. Does this result in "good" food compared to "other" less-healthful, non-sustainable restaurants? Regrettably, No.
5	Miss eating here. Yummy food! and always fresh since they have there own veggie garden
4	I've been to Joe's Farm Grill many times.  Usually, it's when I'm in the area showing homes to clients.  It's always been a big hit with my clients who see it as a great change from the usual fast food restaurants their children want to eat at for lunch.  Joe's has some delicious food items for adults and children alike. They have plenty of comfortable seating inside, or if you'd prefer, you can eat outside under a big tree. I just don't recommend the outside seating when it's 112 degrees here in the valley. Before you leave, and even if you don't have to, check out the bathrooms.  There are old claymation movies playing in there which is very nostalgic.  Plus the bathrooms are clean! Go Joe's.
1	Went today. Not very busy and still took about 15 mins to get 2 burgers and a shake. The reason is because our burgers were done but they were doing TRAINING so our burgers sat there while the one server went through all of the procedure to adding pickles, lettuce etc, all the garnishments. That alone took a good 5 mins. Meanwhile our burger sat there getting cold. Also the fries.Then they called us up, I alreayd knew it was going to be cold because we saw how long it had been sitting out with 2 employees hovering over it.Burgers were cold, fries were cold. Had to send it all back. UNREAL!!!!I have been to Joes at LEAST 20x since its in our neighborhood and our last 5 experiences have been HORRIBLE.So disappointing. This place used to be great!
5	Hands down one of my favorite places to eat in the valley.  My personal favorites are the BBQ Bacon & Bleu Burger, Portobella Sandwich, Pulled Pork Sandwich, sweet potato fries with pineapple serrano sauce, and the garlic fries.  My sister loves the Chicken Pesto Sandwich and my mom loves the shakes.  My son loves the kids meals and the atmosphere, and really likes a side of the beans that come with the breakfast meal, which aren't on the menu, but you can usually get if they don't run out.  It can get very crowded here, especially on weekends near meal time, so have someone in your party grab a seat before you get in line if you can.
5	Try the chicken salad sandwich.  Great atmosphere, great flavors.
4	We decided to swing by Joe's Farm Grill for lunch on a Saturday, after seeing it featured on DDD. Funny, it was literally down the street from where I used to live...I had driven by it many times, and never noticed it.Joe's is situated in a unique futuristic-like building, next to a little cafe/coffee shop on the same property. Once inside Joe's, we were able to order pretty quickly despite the crowd. I had bbq chicken pizza, which was fantastic! My fiance had one of their burgers, which I had a few bites of. Both meals were very tasty, fresh, and light. Although it was a little on the spendy side, it was worth it because everything was obviously fresh and healthier than your average eatery.We really enjoyed our lunch and checking out the grounds, and I hate to complain, but I did have 2 questions. First, the restroom set-up was strange (only 1 restroom, in which you have to wait in line for outside), and you have to go outside to get drink refills...next to the lone restroom (which was strange to me). Just a funky set-up. But otherwise, the visit was great, and we will be back for another meal and visit to their coffee shop.
3	Joe's Real BBQ's skinnier more healthy little brother. I commend them for making their own fresh vegetables, but being on tv has made them a bit overrated.The line for this place literally went out the door. By the time I got to order I had watched Guy Fieri eat their Ahi Tuna Sandwich 5 times, so i had to try it and I got to say i was pretty disappointed. The tuna was really bland and if it wasn't for the asian slaw on it I probably wouldn't have finished it. BBQ Chicken Pizza wasn't too bad and their Sweet Potato Fries and Onion Rings were pretty good.If I had tried their burgers or BBQ I probably would have given them an extra star.
5	Have to say Joe's didn't disappoint.  Loved the fact that everything is fresh and either comes from their farm or close by.  Tried the garlic fries, burger, beet side salad, farm salad with green goddess dressing (I've had better) and the bbq burger with blue cheese and onion rings...everything was delicious!  I wish I had had more time to sit and order more food..I highly recommend this place..
5	Every year for mothers day I go with my family to Joe's. This place is the only eatery I can think of that is worth a 20-30 minute wait. Most of the produce is grown on the farm and the food is amazing. I would recommend to anyone.
4	Great food and worth the wait!  The line can be a little ridiculous but I will say that it wasn't as bad because an employee came out and educated us all about the menu item's and the daily deals. Hence the Burger for Two, which really could've fed four!!  The deal also included side of fries, coleslaw, one slice of tomato (not enough for that big burger), lettuce, some onion, and a few bites of cheesecake. Overall it was all very good!!! Price was decent too, cheaper then us both getting two separate orders of burgers and fries. My favorites are the Farm burger, sweet potato fries w the yummy pineapple goodness it's served with, and the Date Milkshake!!! Not so good was the Chicken salad sandwich, it was just meh.  The flies were a nuisance but what do you expect when the seating is mainly outside. No complaints here though, Joe's Farm Grill gets two thumbs up from me!Note:  We got that burger about 3 months ago so not sure if it is a regular menu item.
5	We love, love, LOVE Joe's Farm Grill. It is the perfect place to dine if you have children. Having all the space to run and play after dinner is so nice for them and really special, because not many places can offer something like that. The menu is wonderful, and the specials are even better. My family has been here countless times and we have loved everything. The milkshakes are awesome, burgers are juicy, and the veggies are so fresh! It's delicious food and a really fun place for our kids, can't ask for much more!
5	Awesome!
5	Love this place.  Great burgers and their grilled salmon and pizzas are delicious.  Heard about this place while reading reviews on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  Is that what put this place on the map because it definately appears to be a tourist destination on weekends.Lines can be long depending on time of visit.  Indoor seating is limited but plenty of space outdoors.  Bring a blanket, find some shade under a tree and chill out (or use one of their many picnic tables.  I have returned often but will usually drive on by if lines are out the door.
2	My husband and I came here with high expectations. It's a really cute looking restaurant and we were excited to finally try this place out. Then we walked inside... Flies! So many flies!! We could not enjoy our food because the flies were just so overwhelming, we just wanted out of there. In retrospect we should have ordered our food to go after I swatted the 20th fly off me while waiting in line. I hope they fix this problem soon, until then we will not go back. Yuck!
4	Loved this place.  Burgers are awesome.  Especially with the baked potato fries.  Loved sitting outside.  Great family place.
4	I enjoyed Joe's Farm. Went there because Diners Drive-ins and Dives like alot of people. The Ahi sandwhich they featured on the show was amazing!!!!!!! I didn't care for the onion rings so much. It was a little expensive but I guess if you take into account I ordred Ahi it was not so bad.
4	Just like everyone else I like Joe's Farm Grill, not sure if I love it yet. We stopped in for breakfast and I ordered the Joe's Big Breakfast consisting of eggs, sausage, bacon and 2 pancakes for $9.99 was good my eggs were not soft scrambled as I ordered them. But the delicious pancakes made up for that issue. My husband had the Chicken & Mushroom Scramble made of Grilled chicken breast, fresh mushrooms, caramelized onions, fontina and cream cheese w/ skillet potatoes. He was very impressed with his meal but wished for more that 1 strip of flatbread. We don't live near Gilbert but we will be back to eat at Joe's Farm Grill for lunch in the future so that I can change my like to Love because it takes time to build a relationship.
3	We have been here a few times. It is inconsistent thus the three stars. I think sitting amongst the trees and out of the stucco is the finest feature of Joe's Farm Grill. It is fun to watch the children scampering about.Oh yeah, the food. ... Sometimes dry, sometimes burned, sometimes delicious, always pricey.  Wouldn't recommend for out of town visitors. They are not as impressed with trees and quasi secluded suburbs.
5	Joe's Farm Grill  of my favorite places, ever. This and Joe's BBQ. I can't put my finger on what it is that makes my mouth water at the thought of either restaurant.At Joe's Farm Grill, it could easily be the amazing ingredients. So fresh and flavorful, and you know you aren't eating some strange lab grown tomatoes. I love sitting outside under a GIANT tree, looking over at the Agritopia garden... Joe's definitely has something you don't find very often here in the commercial, cookie cutter East Valley.Like Joe's BBQ, everything here is perfect it its own way. My favorite is the burger. Yup, I said it. Veganish me loves cheeseburgers here. I don't eat burgers often, but when I do I crave Joe's. The bun is amazingly fresh and soft, the veggies are top notch and the meat... The meat is melt in your mouth delicious.Other notable dishes: pizza, ahi salad, bbq sandwich (uses Joe's Real BBQ sauce, of course!) and the awesome fresh made milkshakes.I know Gilbert is a trek for a lot of people in the Valley, but it is absolutely one worth making.
1	I don't know what everyone loves about this place.  We ate there today and tried many of the items they are known for - onion rings had no flavor what-so-ever, the barbeque chicken pizza was not good at all, I had to actually douse it with barbeque sauce to even make it have a modicum of flavor, the kids corn dogs were just like you would buy at the grocery store and my husbands double dogs tasted like the chili was burnt to a crisp.  All in all at 38.00 total this was a horrible experience.  We will not be eating here again that is for sure!
5	I am so glad this place is nearby.  It is a great place for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  A casual, diner-type atmosphere, with food orders submitted at a front window and orders collected at another.  This place is a draw, and consequently the line at the order window can get to be a little long.  We think up to a 20-minute wait is worth it.The coffee shop in the same parking lot is a great place to hang out, and it too has a great menu for a small coffee shop.
4	I have enjoyed this place several times and I'll tell you why: ingredients taste fresh and inventive combinations exist throughout.  They are generous with portions and the setting is relaxed, family-oriented, but still interesting and very tasty food options that go beyond your typical burger and hot dog.  I've had the breakfast Fontina burger and was in gooey-fat heaven, the banana pudding, the double dogs (in natural casings!), the Ahi Tuna salad (so amazing!).  The bathroom is the ultimate weirdness experience, but you gotta try it!  I like going here with friends or family for breakfast or for lunch (only been to dinner time once) and it is such a nice view of a great big tree, a garden and farm property.  I look forward to eating at this place.
4	My family stopped in here for dinner over the weekend. We had been once before a few years back, though I am not sure if it was before or after the Diners, Drive ins and Dives episode. We used to go to Joe's BBQ a lot and found out about Joe's Farm Grill through them. The first time we came in here I wasn't that impressed. I had gotten a burger (before I went vegetarian) and it was dry, bland, and boring. Nobody else remembers what they got that time either. So I decided we should give this place a second chance. We showed up for dinner around 6:45 and there was already a line out the door and halfway to the street. I had read about the lines online before we came in here but didn't expect how long it was or how slow it moved. We didn't move for the first ten minutes we stood there, and then it took another thirty minutes to get through the rest of the line. I am a patient person, so I don't mind lines, but this one was a little ridiculous. There are only two cash registers, and once we had gotten far enough up the line to see them, one of them closed and left only one open. Seriously? There is a line out the door and they close a register? Why couldn't they get someone else to take over? Either way, we finally got up to the register and ordered our food. I got the portabello burger with garlic fries and a side of beet salad, my husband got the fontina burger with onion rings, mom got the ahi tuna burger with regular fries, and my niece ended up with grilled cheese and fries. We all got fountain drinks as well. All for a total of $52. A little on the expensive side for three adults and one child. The descriptions for the burgers tell you you get a choice of your favorite side, but of course what they don't tell you is they up-charge you if you get anything other than the regular fries. Which I didn't find out until after we had paid already. Very misleading. While the line moved as slow as molasses, at least the food didn't take that long after being ordered. We waited less than 10 minutes to get our food. The only annoying thing about this was for some reason my nieces sandwich wasn't ready and we had to wait another five minutes for it to be done. I can make a grilled cheese at home in less time than that, and why it wasn't ready with the rest of the food makes no sense. Unless they gave away her sandwich to someone else or something. Eventually we all get our food and start to eat. My portabello burger was huge. The mushroom was at least twice the size of the bun, and it had lettuce and a green goddess dressing. I added the pickles that came on the side as well. It was a little on the salty side, but it was pretty tasty. My garlic fries were delicious. They weren't too spicy but there was an enormous amount of garlic. I love it! I smelled like garlic for two days afterwards. The beet salad however left a lot to be desired. The beets themselves were under seasoned and there wasn't nearly enough blue cheese. I could have also done without the pecans. They seemed out of place. My husband really liked his burger and his onion rings were really crispy and well seasoned. My mom said her ahi burger was also really good, however because of the way it was sliced, it kept falling out of the bun. Not the easiest sandwich to eat. My nieces grilled cheese was standard grilled cheese. All of us really enjoyed our meal once we finally got to eat it. However the amount of time spent waiting in line made the experience a little less enjoyable. But my husband and I will probably come back here eventually, I just think we will have to plan the time better so we don't have to wait so long.
5	I have been here many times and have never had a disappointing meal, a little bit pricey yes but i have never had anything that i would not order again and again.Everything is fresh and the menu has a good selection even for the kids.If you go you even have to check out the rest room.
2	First, paper plates , second, there are kids prepping food in the back, all that said, don't understand what Tha big whoop is about this place.I drove 79 miles from Tucson to Gilbert, and defenatly not worth the drive, the food at best is average, a Tasty Freeze with a little better food.I'm sorry, but if your on Yelp giving this place four and five stars, you should not be reviewing food, the food is edible and ok, certainly not worth all this fuss, a waste of a 79 mile drive.  If you like average food, then go ahead and go there, if you have an exceptional palate and know what real quality, well presented and taste, you will be disapointed.JB
3	The BF and I went here this morning for breakfast (but ended up getting lunch). We went to the coffee place next door before we went to order breakfast...oops....breakfast was over when we got back. Boo! So we got lunch. The BF got the crazy banana sundae sandwich cuz it was the most breakfast -y item they had. I had the pesto chicken sandwich with a side caesar salad. My sandwich was pretty decent, although the chicken had a burnt ish flavor. The cheese and pesto were good. The salad was pretty good, although the dressing was concentrated in one area of the salad, but nonetheless it was tasty. The BF's sandwich was strange. The strawberry and banana were cold and the other stuff was hot.... kind of weird. It came with fries that were nothing special....threw most of them away. The best part was the pretty farm, trees, and general surrounding of the place. That was quite enjoyable.
4	Joe's Farm Grill is one of my favorite places to eat. However, to get the best, you need to eat at the restaurant. The quality of the food for to go orders is not nearly as good as eating in house.This past weekend, I ordered two cheeseburgers to go. Both burgers were really burnt. The fries were soggy because of the styrofoam container. This was not  really their fault because it's inevitable with those to go containers. But I was very disappointed in the quality of the burgers because I frequently rant and rave that Joe's Farm Grill has the best burgers!!!If you eat in house, you'll be safe. Each and every time I have eaten at the restaurant, they continually  serve quality food. Just think twice before ordering to go. Or maybe check the food before driving home.
5	If you like to try a new restaurant & leave raving, "Wow, I've never been anyplace like THIS before", then here's your place!  Joe's sits out here in the semi-sticks as part of an Intentional Community called Agritopia, & most of what they serve is grown organically right here on the farm.  It's an ultra-modern, ultra-clean place, with a '60s flair.  Oxymoron?  You just have to see this place to appreciate it's uniqueness...  even the bathrooms are really something!  The food they serve here is a match for the physical plant; way off by itself compared to the usual, & SO GOOD!So I came for lunch today, joined by Robyn N. & Arlin B.  They were already fans of the place, & it was a first visit for me.  This is not a place where you eat in a hurry.  It's much too special for that.  You want to come here when the weather is nice, because there is lots of shady outdoor seating of different styles, & that's where you want to be, even if you're usually an "indoor diner" such as myself.  Also, there is lots else to enjoy here at the farm, so set aside a couple of hours or so for the experience.The food:The three of us shared a BBQ Chicken Pizza ($9.99) as sort of an appetizer, & for the rest of my lunch I had a Fontina Burger with Asian Slaw for my chosen side dish ($9.49), & a Chocolate Malt ($4.49).The pizza was thin style crust, slightly blackened on the grill, with pieces of smoked chicken breast, bacon, bleu cheese, tomato, red onion & BBQ Sauce.  It was delicious!  The Fontaine Burger had 1/3 lb. of tasty beef, a whole roasted red pepper, grilled mushrooms, spinach, pecan pesto, Fontina cheese, & a big lettuce leaf on the side to add if you wish.  It was AWESOME!  The Asian Slaw & the malt were good, too.For dessert (the last thing any of us needed!), we went next door, still on the farm, to "The Coffee Shop"...  their equivalent to a Lola's or Starbucks.  It was tops too, of course!I love Joe's Farm Grill!     :-))
5	Drove from SUN CITY to visit this joynt. The buzz about this place (after Guy Fieri's visit on Food Network's Triple D) is amazing.  You could feel the freshness in the air.  Out near Agritopia, a master-planned community in Gilbert, this place REEKS old-time farmer cookin'!  There was a line out the door, but the crowd was in a convivial mood, so we enjoyed standing in line.  After approx. 15-20 minutes, we got to the order window.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna sandwich with a side of fried zucchini, hubby ordered the BBQ bacon blue cheeseburger with a side of fries, and a BBQ chicken pizza to share (and take home for leftovers).  We also ordered a side of onion rings and a cheesecake.  Hubby ordered a sprite, I had their fresh-squeezed lemonade.The Ahi Tuna sandwich was delicious.  The slaw and wasabi mayo added great flavor.  The bun was fresh, fresh, fresh and probably the best hamburger bun I've ever eaten, melt in your mouth, I kid you not. However, not being a fan of raw fish, I ended up eating around the raw parts, which left very little to go down.  I will get the tuna cooked "well done" next time.The zucchini was really good, but the pieces were so large, they really needed a fork & knife.  The house-made marinara was obviously house-made, and it had very rich flavor, delicious.  The lemonade was a full quart and, believe me, I drank it all.  It was the best I've ever consumed.Hubby's BBQ Bacon Blue cheeseburger was awesome!  So huge, he could barely get his hands around it.  When he asked me to take a bite, I asked him to cut it in half.  Delicious freshly-picked veggies (lettuce, tomato, and red onion).  His fries were "meh," but the onion rings were da bomb!  Thick-cut, sweet and delicious morsels of onion and fried panko, some of the best I've eaten.The BBQ Chicken pizza was spectacular, but I thought it would be bigger.  It's definitely enough for one hungry person, but we had leftovers, so it's all good.Joe, we will DRIVE 60 miles one way to sample your fresh-tastin' goodness!  WE WILL BE BACK!!!
5	Is there anything better than eating outdoors on a nice sunny day with temps in the low 80's on green grass among plenty of citrus trees and evergreens  in Phoenix Arizona??  Well this is the setting everyday throughout the fall and spring at Joe's Farm Grill!!I can't believe I haven't written a review on Joe's Farm Grill already.  It's an awesome place to take the family and friends for breakfast or lunch.  Their menu is built around things people love to eat now a days and it starts in their garden rather than in their restaurant.  They actually grow most of not all of the produce they use in their dishes on site. They will offer some seasonal sides, dishes and deserts based on the seasonality of their fruits and veggies.  There are loads of reviews already written about specific dishes that are favorites at Joe's Farm Grill, so I wont go into a lot of details concerning their menu.  Some of my favorites at Joe's Farm Grill ~ BBQ smoked chicken pizza which is grilled with some char, topped with plenty of blue cheese, some veggies and BBQ sauce.  It is DELISH and the perfect app to share with friends. Some of my fav's: ~Fontina Burger, Chicken Pesto sandwich,~Sonoran Dogs ~ get the X2 for $9.99 with either their tasty onion rings or sweet potato fries with their Pineapple-serrano dipping sauce,~Ahi Tuna and the grilled peanut butter and banana sandwiches~Thai Ahi Salad and Chicken Caesar Salad All of these are a flavor-fest your mouth and tummy will thank you for later :^) Don't forget to leave room for desert at "The Coffee Shop" or a tasty shank/malt!  Everything at Joe's Farm Grill is is well prepared and they are consistent in delivering quality, fresh tasting food.  This place can get insanely busy on the weekends especially when the weather is nice.  You may want to plan your visit to Joe's either early lunch or late breakfast during the week.  Bring your dog and kiddos so they can play on the green grass and enjoy a meal outside.  I hope to see you at Joe's soon!
4	Came back this weekend after a trip to a farm festival in the area. I have gone vegan since my last review so here is a new update.Vegans: Eating here is limited. All bread items, including pizza crust, contain dairy or eggs. The buns, I get it. But pizza crust? I don't understand why restaurants feel the need to add milk or eggs to the pizza dough. It doesn't add anything. And I was hoping to try the veggie pizza sans cheese, but no dice. The good thing about being a vegan and eating here is they have an allergen folder, that has the list of ingredients in all of their items. Which was nice. The girl who took our order was super sweet and gave me some options. Which basically includes all of the salads, without meat or cheese, and any of the vinaigrette dressing options.  I opted for the portabello farm salad which was a mixture of fresh veggies (beets, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, carrots, corn) on top of lettuce with a sliced portabello on top. I got the balsamic vinaigrette dressing. The good thing about the salads here is you can tell the veggies are really fresh. Everything tasted really good. But the salads are huge!! Which is good because they are expensive. My salad was $10 and I barely finished half of it. So I took it home to eat for lunch today. I also got the sweet potato fries with the pineapple and serrano dipping sauce. Those were also awesome. So you can eat here as a vegan, you choices are just limited. But the cashiers are willing to help find you options, which is nice.Now for non vegans: My sister got the farm burger with mushrooms added and said it was the best burger shes ever had. My mom had the barbeque pork sandwich and loved that as well. My husband had the portabello burger. The food here is really good. All fresh and delicious. Suggestions for Joe's: How about looking into some dairy/egg free bread and pizza crust options? Maybe some wheat bread options as well? I would love to come back here and have something other than a salad. Pretty please??
4	Everything was really good!  Great grill style burger, Sonoran Hot Dog, Onion Rings, Fries, Sweet Potato Fries w/ Serrano pineapple dip, and the vanilla shake were top notch.Atmosphere is neat and the farm type setting makes it fun!  Definitely a good place to visit and really good food..I'd recommend it any time!
4	Great fresh food.  Had a grilled peanut butter and banana split sandwich for a snack, it was really good.  Would like to try the place again.
5	Amazing customer service!!  I was truly amazed that Anthony of Joe's Farmgrill reached out to me to make sure to discuss my issue and to try to make me satisfied and come back to Joe's !! I cannot wait to go back I've missed their AMAZING hamburger that is worth every penny and sweet potato fries with pineapple chutney on the side!!  Fabulous place, will write a follow up reporting on what food we ate looking forward to seeing what's new over there.
3	Came here for breakfast, but wish we came here for lunch since I'm more of a lunch person.Anyway.  The best dish was definitely the belgium waffles & strawberries!  I also tried the farm huevos which was scrambled eggs mixed with salsa and ham with a side of beans (not a big fan of beans).  It came with tortilla chips which I liked, but the eggs itself were simply okay.However, I did love the decor!  The place is literally on a farm.  We sat outside near the big tree (beautiful) and had a nice view while eating.Don't forget to use their restrooms. It's pretty cool (I know, weird to write a review about restrooms) because it looks like a spaceship inside.  You'll see a flatscreen tv with a puppet space movie playing, and barbie dolls in space capsules in the walls.  Yup.
1	Bacon cheddar burger was dry, overcooked and flavorless.  Fries were cold.  Onion rings were cold and had the texture of a cardboard box.
5	WOW......Over the past summer, my family toke a road trip and drove from Houston to San Jose CA.  On our way back to Houston, we stop by Joe's Farm Grill; we found this restaurant in Guy from food network show called Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. You can't almost go wrong with that. Guy does have good taste for food. The foods are excellent and the portion is great. I am a big eater and I can't finish the BBQ. My daughters can't finish their sandwiches. We have so much food left that we ate them for dinner at Las Cruces, NM. The price is great. It is so worth the money. We will eat there again when we in Phoenix, AZ.
3	The Farm Grill is pretty good.  There are still several things I haven't tried, so I reserve the right to change the rating.  :-)For BBQ items, Joe's Real BBQ is much better.  But Farm Grill has some other items you can't get at the Real BBQ, and they're pretty good.  But nothing stands out to me as a signature Farm Grill dish so far.There's actually more seating outside than inside, so best to come when the weather is nice.  But you might get lucky.  Sometimes the place is packed, sometimes it isn't.Oh...and in the bathrooms you can watch some vintage TV shows...they are marionette shows from the 50s.They also give you $10 off your bill on your birthday.  :-)
1	This place consummated with the Golden Goose being featured on the show Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. It's overrated. If you think this place is worth standing in line and waiting for your food for an hour on the weekend, then you easily fall for hype. The inside is really small and couldn't be any louder, it also has scattered outside picnic tables. After you order you get to wait in another line to get a drink on a single fountain area. The food is above average. I think the salads are borderline bad. I realize it's all organic and local, I've been to plenty of places like that, and most of them are far better.
4	Called in take out, arrived@ 11:30a, waited in line @ least 30 min. By then fries & hot dog were no longer hot. Place needs takeout window or better time management for busy times of day. Giving 4 stars due to overall freshness of ingredients.
5	Joe's boyhood home is now the foodie mecca of Gilbert.  Set next to idyllic farm land with a park-like atmosphere in the dining area, you'll feel like you just had the best backyard barbecue of your life.What's good here?  You name it.  BBQ ribs?  Check.  Burger? Check.  Pizza?  Hot dogs? Salad? Tuna sandwich?  It's all exceptional, even the onion rings will knock your socks off.  A lot of the ingredients are fresh off the neighboring fields and everything is made from scratch.Joe, that knock on the door is me coming over to your house for dinner.
3	Decided to try this place based on the food network raves.  Ordered various items, including BBQ pizza, BBQ pork plate, portabella mushroom sandwich.  Also did the Peanut butter bananna split just to say we tried it.  Nothing really jumped out as being above average.  Pork was average, sandwich average and pizza was as well.  The pb&bananna split was not good AT ALL.  It was mostly the thick texas toast, and very greasy.  (we got it to split for dessert)  The only thing that was really better than average was the fried zuchinni.  The breading was light and flavorful and they were not at all greasy.  The parking was bad, but the atmosphere was kind of cute.  Different than any place I'd been before.  All in all, if you don't live in that part of town, I wouldn't make a special trip.
5	I've only came to Joe's twice so far and both times, I've had an amazing experience.  I first came here with my friend and I had ordered BBQ Bacon Blue Burger with sweet potato fries.  I must say, I love me some good sweet potato fries and this place did not disappoint.  I could've done without the fruity dipping sauce though.  Anyways, after eating here the first time, it left me craving another try almost right away.The second time I came here, I brought my friends who were visiting from Colorado here.  Everyone tucked into the food and it was delicious.  I had the ribs and they were definitely finger-lickin' good.  Yum!I can see why Guy Fieri gave this place such a great review on Diners, Drive-in and Dives.
5	Great food by one of the nicest folks I have ever had the joy to meet.  My husband is a scooter aficionado as is Joe, and that's how we came to eat here.  Not only is the food delicious, we have never been mistreated by the staff.  We have even ventured into other establishments owned by Joe and had the same wonderful experience.  Yummy yum yum.
3	I came here a couple of times and after this last time I finally decided to write a review. Atmosphere is definitely a good casual setting. Very spacious, love the bench seating, outdoor seating, etc. Also really enjoy the garden that you can take a stroll around. Now to the food. the first time I came I loved loved the garlic fries! However, this last time, I bought an actual side of it (not just the upgrade) and it was sitting in a pool of oil. That was a bit disturbing, but nevertheless, they were still good! (until you get to the bottom)The fontina burger was great! Must try. The BBQ chicken was ok. The cheese and ingredients that it's made of is good and a good combo, but the crust was too burnt for my taste (and I like crispy). Ahi tuna sandwich was a disappointment. It looked decent, just based on looks, but wasn't as tasty and tender as it could have been. I felt like the wasabi mayo didn't have enough taste. The chicken pesto made up for the ahi tuna. I did also go there for the customer appreciation day, which was definitely a bonus in their book! The burger and regular fries were very good and for free, even better! My sister got the fried zucchini slices. She absolutely loved them. I thought they were decent. Their onion rings and zucchini are done well in terms of good crispyness on the outside and good on the inside too. Oh yes, I'm not sure if this is part of the actual restaurant, but the self service farmers market across from the building next door is awesome too!
5	We love this place. Great for the young boy to find friends and run around before, during and after our food.The kids choices are not as great as I would want. Full size grown up food is always amazing.The grilled bbq pizza is good but it is hit or miss on how burnt the bottom is. :(The farm is a treat. We spend more time on dinner when we are here. Life slows down for us a little.Get a malted vinilla shake. Sooooo worth it.Garlic fries/green beans are overloaded with garlicky goodness. Can you tell I am hungry as I type this? A bit pricy to eat often for us. But we are never disappointed.
5	Joe's Farm Grill features everything that is All-American. Burgers, pizzas, salads, hot dogs, and a variety of other classics, each with their own twist. I was pleasantly surprised that Sonoran Dogs were on the menu (I rarely see them outside of Tucson). I got a burger that was gigantic and yummy--don't forget to ask for grilled onions. There are a number of novelties in each of Joe's restaurants, but my favorite part about this one is that it is nestled right next to farmland. The ingredients here touted to be fresh and local, and I could definitely taste the difference in my burger and especially in the fruit cup.I took my brother here for his birthday; he got a 4B and looved it. He wasn't able to complete the trifecta but there will always be next year!
5	Wonderful spot! Great building/architecture tucked into a fruit orchard with the garden out back, love it! The food rocked, the service was friendly and efficient. I also dig the open/windowed kitchen, a foodie's dream! If you live close go eat at Joe's tomorrow!!
5	Excellent burger, excellent onion rings, excellent sweet potato fries with pineapple dipping sauce.
3	A peanut butter sandwich on Texas toast with chocolate chips, fresh starwberries and supposedly pineapple grilled.  Sounds pretty amazing and it was good but I never found the pineapple and the peanut butter was was spread just way to thin.  It was still tasty but could have used more PB. The chicken finger looked very good and I guess they were.  The hot dog was nothing special but the ribs were finger lickin good.  The burger looked juicy and the date shake was full of pieces of dates but the end result was that it didn't taste much different than the vanilla shake.  My sons girlfrined knows I am a foodie and she tried to come up with some different choices for restaurants.(I am from Colorado) The idea that Guy Fiere was here from Food Channel was cool.  I give her credit for finding this palce.  Will I rush back upon my return to Arizona-most likely not unless the kids want to go and of course I will be with them.
5	Add the New York Giants sandwich to the menu permanently please!!!!
5	After writing my first review, the manager reached out to me and sent me a gift certificate for the poor quality burgers we received. He also asked when the food was purchased. This showed me the manager cares about the quality of their food and wants to ensure it doesn't happen again. I have been back several times since and the quality was spectacular, their usual norm. Don't forget, you get a free meal on your birthday.I love Joe's Farm Grill.
1	Saw the episode of Diners Drive Ins & Dives, and was very disappointed with the food both times we have gone there.  First time we went for breakfast but it was close enough to lunch that I ordered a burger.   The burger was way under cooked and the garlic fries had about 1/4" of oil sitting in the bottom of the tray.  We decided to go again last night for dinner knowing that the food had to be better, but we left pretty unsatisfied with the quality of the food, and the care in preparation/presentation of the food.  I ordered the hot dog with the pulled pork on it and my wife ordered the garden burger.  The garden burger, according to my wife, lacked any true flavor on it's own.  Very thin and the whole sandwich just looked like some beginner cook put it together.  My hot dog was warm at best, the bbq pork was just thrown on there with some type of scooper and had cole slaw just dumped on top of that.  The bbq pork tasted like it was from the day before and the temp also matched that.  We paid $27.00 for both our meals and 2 sodas, for that price, I expect that they take more pride in the making of the food and at least make sure it is served hot.  Food Network should do a follow up show, but show up unannounced and see what they thing then.  Sorry, not going back to this establishment any time soon.
5	Best breakfast in Gilbert... No contest.
5	Hubby found this place on Yelp, kudos to him! The food is as wonderful as the setting. We really enjoyed sitting outside under the trees on the picnic tables - it reminded me of some wineries I have been to.The first visit I had the BBQ chicken pizza, hubby had the amazing fontina burger. That burger was spectacular. It has 6 oz., roasted red pepper, grilled mushrooms, field greens, farm-made pecan pesto and fontina cheese. I think its the pesto that makes it so special, but hubby thinks its all of the ingredients together that makes it.My second visit I got the fontina burger, without the red peppers, with bacon and once again; it was outrageously delicious. I also got the fried green beans which I loved!One thing, I wish they served beer and wine. Other than that this place will not disappoint, so fresh, so delicious! I will be back for MORE!!!
5	I love joes! They have some of the best hamburgers around and I'm not much if a fan of burgers. I know a ton of people rave about the pizza but I don't think that is their best item. If the weather is nice, sit outside and enjoy the atmosphere. Side note about the flies- yes in the summer they can get bad. It has FARM in its name though, so I'd you don't like nature you might want to skip it.
4	On a beautiful winter day you might not mind the 45 minutes standing in line and the additional 15 minute wait for your food.....you just have to know what to expect!My friend and I shared the infamous BBQ Chicken pizza and a Ceasar Salad w/ chicken. We thoroughly enjoyed both!  The salad was crisp and fresh. The dressing is creamy delicious & the chicken breast is perfectly prepared leaving it moist and finger lickin' good! I loved the pizza that must be done in a really hot oven leaving the crust browned and crisp, topped with plenty of chicken, bacon and a very tasty sauce. What would have made it 5 stars??? The table & chairs on the patio were so wobbly I thought I'd knock the table over cutting my food and I don't like the 45 minute wait.
4	I am definitely a fan of Joe's Farm Grill.  My bf and I went on a Sunday morning for breakfast and we were definitely pleased.  You order at a counter, find a table and wait for your buzzer to beep when they are ready.  The place was CROWDED with a ton of parents & kids, which was kind of annoying but hey, just because I don't have kids doesn't mean others aren't allowed to ;)  I had the Joe's Big Breakfast and my bf had the meat & potatoes .... everything was delicious.  Just make sure you're dressed for the weather because you are likely sitting outside at one of their picnic benches.
5	We ate here this past weekend while visiting Phoenix.  We enjoyed the food very much.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna Sandwich with garlic fries, my wife ordered the Chicken Pesto sandwich with onion rings and a chocolate malt, my mother and stepfather ordered burgers with sweet potato fries and fried zuchini and my 2 1/2 yer old got a kid's cheese pizza.  Everything was really good.  We all tried some of each of the sides.  Everyone loved the garlic fries.  The onion rings were very good.  My wife and mother liked the sweet potato fries. The pizza had really fresh sauce and the crust was quite good.  My wife's chocolate malt was the best we have had in a while.  The food was all very fresh and quite tasty.  We will definitely eat here again when we are in Phoenix.
2	Expensive, help wasn't informative regarding order, onion rings were cold. Burgers and chicken sandwich were very good
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would. Saw it on Diners, Dives and Drive Ins or something like that, lol. Regardless of how I got there I'm sooo glad I did. This was one of the 2 best places I ate at during my two years in Phoenix. I've only had one dish - every time I go I can't order anything but this - the Ahi Tuna with spicy asian slaw and wasabi mayonnaise spread is simply to die for. Its messy, it will not stay within its borders but who cares - I'll slop that stuff off the table if I have too. The shakes are awesome and I always seem to get their onion rings even though they're not big fat ones, they slice them thin and fry them crispy. Still good! Once you drive up you'll know you're in for an experience. Fruit trees, and the farm where they grow everything you're about to eat - I still haven't figured how they grow the Tuna but its so dam good I don;t even care where they get it from. Look them up on that dives, diners, and whatever it is show and you'll see a plethora of good eats that'll make you drive right over if you're ever in town.
4	Be prepared to wait in line on the weekends.  Friends loved the Fontina burger.  BBQ chicken pizza was very good.  Garlic fries are made with real garlic, very intense.  Good StuffLots of kids running around
5	Love Joe's!  We took the kids for a late dinner, the weather was just right for burgers, fries and a shake. The burger was fresh, the tuna was cooked just right, medium rare and the Garlic fries were worth the trip itself. My only complaint for this trip was that I forgot to order the Garlic Fries and when I asked the girl at the window if I could add the fries to my order which was almost ready she said that I would have to go back through the long line. I mean come on, really.     Update:  I was contacted today by the manager who addressed the issue i had with the Garlic Fries.  To be honest it was not a show stopper, I just wanted to be fair and include the entire experience.  I was impressed with the Manager's effort and concern for good service.  I added an extra star based on this.  Thanks for reaching out Anthony!Joe's is a very hip, relaxed, progressive (for Phoenix that is) and fun little dive and when the weather is right makes for a perfect ending to a busy work week.
4	Love the pineapple upside down pancakes!!!!
4	This place is at a great location.  Not a convenient location for me, but eating at a farm is quite charming.  I really like that you have the option to eat indoors or a number of different places outdoors.  The facility is such a futuristic looking building, yet it's on a farm.  Quite trippy.  The bathrooms are clean, and they have a convenient hand washing station located near the restrooms.  The food tastes fresh and tasty.  I just had a cheeseburger, garlic fries, and a soda.  Some say it's a little pricey, but I think the prices are on par with Carl's Jr.  Believe me, you'd rather be eating food from Joe's Farm Grill.
5	THIS RESTAURANT IS AMAZING. It is so good that its worth even flying into AZ just to eat here. This is seriously one of the best places Ive eaten in my life. Their Ahi Tuna sandwich is beyond words. Please eat here. Its worth it even if there is a long line
5	Holy cow, this place is amazing.A lil $$, but really a cool place to bring out of towners....
4	The setting is pretty neat right on the farm. The Fontina Burger is exceptional. The garlic fries were decent but I'm not a fan of skinny fries in general, they would be much better if they were thicker. The only real problem with this place is they need more registers to ring up customers. The food is prepared very fast once you make your order, but getting there at 11 it took about 20 minutes to get to the register to order. By the time we left at 12:30 or so the line was huge. But I highly recommend trying them if you are in the area, I wish they were closer to me.
5	Everything was amazingly fresh and made right in front of us. The portions seemed small, but it was so filling and satisfying we couldn't finish our bbq plate, or the ahi sandwich. Just like home cooking, but better. The meals were quickly and deliciously prepared, and seasoned just right.
5	There is nothing bad to say about JFG! I came for the first time a couple of years ago almost when our best friends moved to Gilbert.  We make sure we go there EVERY TIME we are in the area -- it was also fun to see that it was a Triple D and to check out what items Guy Fieri checked out.  I unfortunately haven't spread out from my norm much because I love my burger with bleu cheese and mushrooms on it! Their different fries like the garlic fries and loaded baked potato fries are delish, and their onion rings are DELIGHTFUL.  They make KILLER homemade lemonade (I get the Strawberry!) and know how to make a mean milkshake.  Everything else I've seen on the menu that people have gotten have looked nothing short of amazing so maybe one day I'll stray from the norm!
1	From where I live in North Scottsdale , it's forty seven miles to this place, taking over an hour to get there.The line, like Disneyland's Pirates of the Caribbean.And by the time I got lunch, it was two o'clock.One star for my crew for talking me into this.I find a large table, underneath some very old and very beautiful tamarack trees. I don't like that I'm sharing a table, seated next to some fat kid with ice-cream sundae all over his mug who won't shut up. Then the ominous sign posted on the tamarack tree limb we were seated beneath, which is about five feet off the ground and growing perpendicular to it.    "WARNING: WATCH FOR FALLING SCORPIONS FROM TREE LIMBS"Another star and mega props to Joe's for not only having a farm and a restaurant, but an interactive poisonous insect exhibit as well.And finally, on the walk back to the car, we (as in my wife) noticed a plot of land across the street where you can rent a thirty by thirty plot for your very own garden.Another star for my wife now wanting me to plant a veggie garden next weekend.I'm hungover, driving for over an hour listening to Adele on repeat, (because we haven't heard 'Someone like you' one million times yet) standing in line wanting to puke, nervously watching for suicidal scorpions as I eat my burger and fries, listening to some brat I'd like to smack the bejesus out of, and my wife tells me I'm planting a garden next weekend.Yeah, no....I won't repeat.
5	This place never disappoints. I think my favorite thing I have had here is the the hot dog with pulled pork. YUM. The onion rings are very good as well. The atmosphere is nice and casual. If you have little ones with you they can play outside while you sit at the picnic tables. Love this place!
5	I had lived in Gilbert for 10 years and unfortunately never came here until after I moved away for college.  Everyone told me this place was fantastic, so I finally brought my family here one Sunday while I was back for spring break.  The reviews are not underrated.  We absolutely loved this place!Sunday lunch can take a while, but it is sure worth the half-hour wait.  I ordered a Portobello Salad, knowing that their greens and fresh from Agrotopia.  Words cannot describe the wonderful medley of juicy vegetables and the succulent grilled portobello.  It was pure delight.The rest of my family shared a large order of barbeque ribs with a side of sweet potato fries.  Everything was simply delicious, and we got to enjoy a really nice lunch outside.
5	AWESOME Stop! Loved the Chicken BBQ Pizza, Fresh salad, Onion Rings.. its making my mouth water just typing this. They have a great atmosphere, and really interesting bathrooms. :) A MUST STOP if you're in there area!
3	Went after wanting to try this place for a long time. After going, I don't see what the fuss is about. For growing and farming their own food, prices are extremely excessive. For 2 burgers, and 2 kids meals, it was $40.I had the 4B burger (bbq sauce, bacon, bleu cheese). It was a good size burger, but fairly dry. Fries were average.After this experience, I think I'll sick to their bbq joint.
5	After seeing JFG on DDD,  we were excited about trying the food. We had about a 10 minute wait in line (try to avoid going right at 12 when the line reaches the parking lot!) and about a 10 minute wait to get our food. Simply deliciously fresh and as good as we had hoped. Between our family of 5, we had pizza, burgers and bbq. My husband's Hawaiian burger, the daily special, was the best he says he has ever eaten, ditto for the pizza my son ate. We all loved it, and will definitely be going back. Sidenote: it is a bit on the expensive side, but worth the cost for the flavor and freshness.
4	This place is a total joy that I didn't even mind waiting in the long line that other Yelpers have mentioned. Granted, I wasn't starving when I arrived and we were catching up with friends while in line so our wait didn't seem THAT long. But there's still a line so be prepared to wait. Once we got to the counter and ordered our food arrived fairly quickly. The food really does taste amazingly fresh. It's a little pricier than your average burger joint but this place has a unique appeal to it with it's farm fresh food. My hubster loved the sonoran hot dog and we tried the grilled PBJ which was pretty darn good. Their garlic fries are to die for - I should have probably ordered more of those to take home. We even tried a strawberry milkshake - a total treat for us since we hate wasting calories on beverages - but this one was worth the splurge. The place itself is really cute with picnic tables under giant trees. We went on a Friday evening so it was really nice to just relax and enjoy our meals outside. We do plan on going back though it is quite a trip for us from North Phoenix. But trust me, we will find a way!
5	I really like the food and atmosphere of this place. They also give you an $10 credit on your birthday (as does Joe's real BBQ). I have been here many times and have never been dissappointed. If there is a down side to this place, it is just that sometimes their greens aren't very plentiful... that's all ;)
5	We went to Joe's Farm Grill to celebrate my daughter's 22nd birthday. We wanted to try something different and fun. It was easy to find (although a good 30 minute drive for us) and when we arrived for lunch there was a line out the door. Menus were conveniently located as you wait in the line however and the line moved fairly quickly which we were happy about. Turns out it was worth the wait! We all ordered something different and everything that we had was really delicious. Fontina hamburger- yum! Sweet potatoe fries- major yum! Fried zuchinni and green beans- loved! The pizza is also delicious and the ingrediants in the chicken salad were so fresh and crisp- nothing but oohs and aahs from the crowd of us. The lemonade (both regualr and strawberry are huge and so delicious as well). We had enough leftovers to feed us at dinnertime and my daughter's meal was free as it was her birthday- that was a very pleasant surprise. We sat outside on a picnic table under a huge old tree that gave us shade and a perfect view of the farm in the distance. We strolled the farm afterwards and had a thoroughly enjoyable lunch! Nothing but praise for this place.
5	This is the kinda place you drive 30+ mins to go to. Was that a good opener? I thought so. Anyway, I made a new friend in Gilbert and I live in Uptown Phx but wanted to go to her hood to hang out and save her the drive. So I looked up some good places to eat via Mouth by Southwest and low and behold I found this gem and knew I had to go.We both got Fontina Burgers, which were amazing. She had the tasty onion rings as a side and I got myself some Asian slaw, both were awesome. I loved my strawberry lemonade more than most people should like any beverage. I've been trying to get my friend to move up to Phx, where all the action is, but there's one thing she's got that we don't: Joe's Farm Grill. That should be her claim to fame down there. I will be visiting her more often and can't wait to try more things on the menu. Next up, BBQ Chicken Pizza?
4	Cant go wrong with the 4B burger or the killer Ahi tuna sandwich . I take all my friends and family here when they come out from Santa Barbara.
5	Love this place. I make my sister take me here every time I'm in town visiting her.
4	It was great, my burger was $13 with onion rings. The onion rings were too crunchy. I have had better. The atmosphere is definately nice though. Like a picknick at every table. I would go at least once. But not again because of the price.
4	A nice little hidden away place in Gilbert Gf and I went there for breakfast and it was surprisingly good. I had the pancakes and meat ( sausage) and the gf had breakfast tacos (eggs, vegs, and ham). It was all good and the best part was apple fritters....it has a sugary cover to it and the inside is very soft. This place gets packed so be ready to wait. Price range is moderate for what you get. Also....watch out for el scorpio....sting is muchos owie.
4	I really wanted to dislike this place.  I thought for sure I'd hate it and think it was overrated.  I've driven by and seen the lines and laugh "I'm not waiting in a line like that for food."   So one day my daughter got out of school early, and we rushed to try it before the line starts. Which worked, only two families in front of us.  To start, the atmosphere was NOT my thing (note one star missing).  It reminded me of a concession stand at a zoo (flies and all).  But the food was sensational. I ordered the Blue Cheese and Bacon Burger, which was one the best burgers I've had in AZ.  My daughter ordered the chicken tenders, which were delicious (we always share a bite, just to compare).  We don't usually eat fries, but even their fries were good.  I also had the onion rings, which I've had better. We will go back, and I will try one of their huge fresh salads that I saw others with.
4	Farm food!  Nice and fresh and yummy.I like the Grilled Wild Salmon Platter because it's always delicious every time I order it and it comes with asparagus and two other sides of your choice.I also like the cheese cake with strawberries.  There's a surprise oreo crust at the bottom!The malts/shakes are also a must.When the Hawaiian burger is in season, you should try that.I used to always order the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich, but I feel like they changed something with it that makes it not as good anymore.  Maybe the dressing?Sitting outside is fun especially at night because lights are hung around the trees.
4	Joes Farm Grill breakfast tacos. Where have you been my whole life. These three tacos are so good with chicken potatoes eggs and seasoned perfectly. I love the beans that you get with the meal. You will be full after these tacos, they are not extra large but i assure you they are enough for a large man to be full from breakfast. I will be back for them for sure. I think they were about 8 dollars or so.
5	Unique atmosphere in the city of Glibert with AMAZING food....  Beware some weekends the line is super long but its worth the wait... be prepared to eat outside in a nice shady area enjoying a farm like atmosphere...Good seafood is hard to find in Az & Farm grill does a great job.... also great burgers!  If you don't mind driving out to Gilbert its 1 of the best places to eat in the Phx area..
3	So I intended to go for a skillet, but opted for the "breakfast burger" when I saw that there was a farm fresh fried egg on top of the burger patty.  The burger itself was delicious and juicy and the egg was lucious and cooked perfectly. I had some of my friend's veggie omelet, which was good as well.  But, seating is limited indoors and for this CA girl, the 98-degree heat in the shade was just too much for me to fully enjoy everything.  I'm also always on the look out for family-friendly spots.  While my toddler loved running around in the grassy areas, I was disappointed when I found that there wasn't a changing station in the bathrooms.  Really? You have weather durable high chairs, a kids menu, but no changing station?  Please differentiate yourself from a picnic at a public park and install some.
2	Clearly I've missed what all the hype is about.Went by the place at around 1245, parking lot was full and there was a line out the door.  Left and came back about an hour and half later...no line, lots of parking.Ordered the farm burger and 2 hot dogs...that and two drinks....$23.  Hamburger -- nothing special.  Came with two leaves of partially brown lettuce and two rather anemic looking rings of red onion...not two slices...two rings.Hot dogs -- actually not bad.  Came with onion and "homemade" relish.  Fries that came with the above we ok, but again nothing special.So what's my assessment?- Nothing special.- Way expensive.- Odd that they're a "farm" restaurant but yet they had such sad looking produce.- Glad I didn't have to wait in line...I wouldn't be a happy camper if I did.- Places to get a better burger...especially on a price to quality ratio...In and Out, Five Guys, Fudruckers.One final point that ranks somewhere between weird and disgusting.  The drink/condiment station shares the same drainage trough.  So when you're down stream from the condiments getting your soda you get to watch ketchup, mayo, ranch dressing, etc float by you as you get your soda.  Kind of a nasty sight in my book.
3	As an update, dark chocolate milk shake + french fries for the win!!!
4	Saw this place reviewed by Guy on Diners, drive ins and Dives and thought we would try it and see what we thought! We pulled up and the line was about 30 deep but when we saw how fast it was moving we thought it wouldn't take long. It was worth the wait in line after we ordered they gave us a pager and within 15 minutes we had fresh amazing home made food and plenty of seating inside and out. We had breakfast and all I can say is pancakes the size of your head with home made sausage and potato fries. Oh and did I mention the home made lemonade and cheesecake. Great place we will be back
5	I love Joe's Farmgrill.  I go there quite often and always on my birthday since they give you a credit towards your bill on your actual birthday.  I think it's so wonderful of them to do that and it gives me an excuse to gather the family to Joe's.  I decided to have the grilled chicken caesar salad. Mmm everything tastes fo fresh at Joe's.  My husband ordered the Farm Burger (our family fave) and my mouth is watering just thinking about it, luckily I live down the road and can grab one for dinner tonight.  I don't know where they get their beef but it's amazing and always juice.  Some places when I ask for well done I get a "hockey puck" but NOT at Joe's.  We decided to have the best of both worlds and split the burger/salad between us.  A great choice.  I always order the fresh cole slaw.  It tastes like something my grandma might have  just made it fresh for me back when I was a kid growing up. I think that is part of the appeal of JOe's Farmgrill.  When I go there I feel so comfortable and relaxed.  It's a great place to meet up and I always say I'm going to have room for dessert but never get to it.  I suppose I need to plan to go there just for ice cream sometime but I cannot bring myself to go there without getting a Farm Burger.  Kudos to Joe's Farmgrill for making yet another birthday great for me.
4	Must have the Fontina Burger...Yummy
5	Both times I've been here have been long waits, but the combination of a unique atmosphere and good food have always been worth it. Definitely worth your time-I've had both the Fontiga Burger and BBQ Chicken Pizza.FYI, the BBQ here comes from Joe's Real BBQ-still good, but you may want to order something unique to the grill.
4	Hooray for fresh food and inventive recipes! The best time to visit Joe's is definitely in the winter months, as the grounds are beautiful to explore and there are picnic tables all over the place! Indoor seating is limited, but if you come during a less busy time, you'll most likely get a seat. The soda fountain, condiment bar, and restrooms (which are awesome) are also outdoors. Joe's Farm Grill is modern, fun, and definitely makes me feel as though I am stepping out of Arizona and onto a beautiful New England property. Atmosphere aside, the food is very good! The menu offers a big variety and most (or all?) of the produce is grown on site. My husband loves the Ahi burger with wasabi mayonnaise, while my favorite so far has been their hot dogs. I was less than impressed with their wedge salad, but eating a meal that is less than exceptional is fairly rare here. Milkshakes and fries are also phenomenal at Joe's. Overall, this is one of my favorite restaurants to go to on a beautiful day. I know this review will get muddled with the rest of the outstanding reviews, but I knew I had to review a place as unique, delicious, and special as Joe's Farm Grill.
4	We really only come here on special occasions due to the slightly high prices and long wait in line.  Even though I always say I am going to try something new on the menu, I end up getting a burger, fries and milkshake.  They are all really good.  When the weather is nice, we really enjoy sitting outside on the benches.
5	We have been going to Phoenix for sometime now, but only recently learned of Joes Farm Grill. We tried it out, and let me tell you, it was awesome. Their portions were just right, and even though I was full when we left, I didn't feel gross like I do at other restaurants. I had the BBQ chicken pizza, and I loved it. Thin, flatbread crust made for a light pizza, very tasty pizza. My wife had the chicken Caesar salad. She gets that salad so often that she knows her Caesars, and she said this was her favorite dressing. And the chicken of course was amazing as well.
2	Not sure what Guy saw in this place.  It was a hit and a miss for us.  Some folks probably like it more than others, some don't.  Not so much in the quality of items just in the preparation. Both times we went it fell short.  There's a lot on the menu, give it a try see what you think.  I'm not saying don't go, just don't get your hopes up to high.Some of the items we had were Wedge Salad, Fontina Burger, Grilled Cheese, Pepperoni Pizza, Onion Rings, Chocolate Malt, Strawberry Lemonade.  If nothing else sit outside and enjoy the nice atmosphere with friends and family.
4	Great place!! Can't wait to go back!!!!
5	Wow, what a fabulous place! LOVE the setting and the ambiance there. The food is delicious, and it is so fresh! The service was so friendly, and we can tell that they really care about their customers. Over two visits, we have had: - Fontina burger - French fries - Onion rings - Fried zucchini - BBQ chicken salad...and everything was fabulous! We will definitely be returning when we are in the area.
3	This place was far from where my friend stayed (West Side), but it was worth a trek out.  The place is clean and the food is made fairly quickly even with the lunch crowd.  On a hot day, you can sit outside under the misters, but I'm from Cali, so this AZ heat it not for me, even under the misters.Food: Fontina burger with blue cheese was fresh.  The burger was juicy and full of flavor.  The blue cheese definitely enhanced it.  I like the different options for your sides.  The garlic fried were a big too greasy.  The beet salad is a nice refreshing touch.  The strawberry cheesecake from scratch that is not on the menu was just OK.  The fried okra was overly fried.  The BBQ pork sandwich looked tasty and my friend enjoyed it.  Bottom line: I enjoyed the food and it's worth a try.
3	First timer had breakfast. A little pricey but the food was very good and atmosphere was unique (in a good way).   We were there just before lunch started so it wasn't busy at all. The only disappointment was the young robotic staff. A genuine smile and "good morning" would go a long way to making this a special place.
4	This place is always pretty good! I just recently had their breakfast and it did not disappoint :) Good size portions and super tasty pancakes!  The staff is always friendly and the wait is never too shabby. I'm always in for some Joe's! :)
4	Amazing breakfast and coffee. Hidden gem.
5	Luv, luv, luv this restaurant!  Fresh food, great atmosphere, friendly service!  Luv the choice of seating in this very clean and colorful establishment!  We visit every time we are in town, especially when they proudly display their "March Madness".  Thanks to Guy Fieri for highlighting Joe's Grill on DDD!
5	Eat here!! Try the Ahi Tuna Sandwich. It is melt in your mouth delicious! The onion rings are super crunchy and flavorful. The use fresh produce that is grown right outside and use locally raised beef and chicken. Which is refreshing. Other suggestions I have are: Fontina Burger and the Sweet Potato Fries (the sweet dipping sauce for these needs to be jarred and sold!), It's a cool little place with huge personality...even in the bathroom.  They have their condiment and drink station on the outside which is different.  If the weather is right, enjoy your meal outside under the giant tree (it's actually pretty cool!)For me, it's quite the drive, but it is well worth it.
5	I would disagree with anyone who says this place is overhyped. Love the farm-to-table emphasis. Love the laid-back vibe. The food was creatively prepared and damn tasty. Try the beet salad.
4	After doing a bit of googling in search for a place with delicious french fries, I came across Joe's Farm Grill. I visited their website and liked what I saw (I love a menu with pictures). So after some more researching, my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a go. The surrounding area was filled with trees and there was lots of green to be seen, which is nice seeing as Arizona is full of all things brown. The building was practically made out of windows, which I also love, and it had a very inviting look to it.After browsing the menu I decided on the Fontina burger with their garlic fries. My boyfriend got the Farm burger with a fresh beet salad. We took a seat outside and waited for our food. The food didn't take very long to come up and I liked what I saw. Even better, I liked how it tasted. I couldn't wait to dive into the garlic fries. They were delicious. My boyfriend thought there was too much garlic on them, but I didn't mind.  The Fontina burger had roasted red peppers, grilled mushrooms, field greens, pesto sauce, and fontina cheese on it. My juicy burger tasted amazing. As for my boyfriend's Farm burger and beet salad, he enjoyed those as well. Overall, it was a great experience and the place had a great atmosphere. If I happen to be in that area again, I'll surely stop by and try something else on their menu, but I won't be going out of my way to get there. It's a bit of a journey for a burger joint.
5	Burgers are bomb!!!  Just moved to Gilbert and was told to eat here!!  Awesome!  Stop reading this and get in your car and go!  Any place Guy Fieri says to go to, I am in!
5	Joe's Farm Grill is one of my favorite places to eat in Gilbert. They have fresh and tasty food, great customer service and a casual outdoor atmosphere. My favorite is the Ahi tuna burger.
5	Fun to find this gem in the midst of sprawling Phoenix (thanks Drive-Ins, Diners and Dives!).  Fontina burger was great! Nice story behind the place, too.  Makes you feel instantly connected to it.
4	Always a great place to go for lunch. The unique atmosphere there is fun and enjoyable.I had a chicken sandwich was tasty and my son had a grilled cheese sandwich which is always a winner in his book.
5	Came here with the fam here for the first time from my bro's recommendation.  It was great.  The Ahi Tuna Sandwich was super delicious.  My bro had the Fontina Burger and said that was great too.  I order the BBQ pulled pork and that was OK...probably can get the same at any BBQ joint (probably won't order that again...nothing special). The regular fries were just regular...if you come might as well upgrade to garlic or sweet potato fries.  We also got the salmon salad and that was good.  Set up was nice, always a line, but moves quicker than I thought.  There's seating inside and outside...luckily it was cloudy today so it wasn't too bad.  Probably would only come here in the evening or not come during the summer.  Service was great and nice.  Will come again for sure!!!
5	As usual, this place is delicious! Tried the Southwest Burger and wanted more.  The onion rings were delicious as usual and this is coming from a person who despises onions! Yay for Joe's! Always fresh and always delicious!
5	Food is amazing, great atmosphere, and a great price.
4	I went here for my sister's birthday as a new place to try after hearing about it on the Food Network channel. The vibe of the place is really special and unique, feels like you're at a private farm. The food was amazing!! I decided to order a salad just so I could sample all the home grown veggies from the farm. The strawberry lemonade was also top notch and came in a very large cup! After lunch, we walked around the fields and visited the coffee shop next door. The only negatives for me was the really long wait time (almost an hour) at 2pm in the afternoon on a weekday and how far of a drive it was for me. Overall, great experience...would go back!
5	I love this place.  We come here often and have been since it opened.  I love the 4B burger (bacon, blue cheese, bbq sauce and onion ring), the chicken pesto sandwich is to die for as well!  I love how fresh everything is and that they get most of their veggies on site in their garden.  The BBQ pizza is also good, as well as their shakes, malts and sundaes.  We always bring company here especially when the weather is nice because you can sit outside and bring your (leashed) dog too :).  Plus, they give you $10 towards your meal on your birthday!  Love this place!
5	The MOST DELICIOUS AHI TUNA SANDWICH everrrr the food was soo delicious and I couldnt stop saying/thinking it the entire time I was eating. SOoo delicious. Make sure to try the onions ring as well..it seemed as though they fried it in a batter filled with garlic which made it a million times crunchier. yummm i want it nowww...Also..i feel like ordering the sandwich and just eating the fish would be well worth it as well...the mixture between the fish and the wasabi mayo..omy..to die for!
4	There's a reason this place appeared on Guy Fieri's show: it's awesome.I wound up in this part of Gilbert for something else and stopped here to eat. And I did not regret it.I had the Fontina Burger (no field greens) and onion rings. The onion rings were very good if a touch over breaded, and the burger was dynamite. Mushrooms, cheese, beef, red pepper, etc.? Sign me up! Plus they had great shakes and a nice atmosphere. Another "blast-off" place on the level of Pita Jungle.Tip: it's not crowded at 4pm on a Friday, but it does get busier soon after.
5	Great, sustainable, and tasty!There was a line out the door, as usual, but it moved relatively quickly, and it gave us time to look over the menu while we waited.We ordered the Fried Zucchini Slices and the Ahi Tuna Sandwich. The milkshakes looked very tempting, but we decided try them some other time. We went and washed our hands (they have an outdoor washing sink; hooray!), and sat down with our buzzer to wait for our food.Granted it was busy, the food did take a little while, but it gave us time to use the restroom, etc. Seating was plentiful; there are selections of benches and regular tables.With my Tuna Sandwich I ordered a side of fruit. The fruit amount was tiny; enough to fill one of those little to-go containers for salad dressing. Eh, fruit is expensive, I get it.When I picked up our order I noticed I forgot to request a multi-grain bun. I asked the server at the window if I could get a new bun. She was very accommodating and allowed me to get a new bun.The food was delicious. I like that they use honey in their slaw instead of refined sugar. The entrees were well portioned, but as I mentioned the sides are a little on the small side. Ahi tuna usually is served as a smaller portion because of its high cost, but the size of the cut was enough to fill out the bun!I would recommend this place for its fresh food and great atmosphere. Although the prices are a little on the high side for a "grill" joint, it is healthy and you are supporting your local farmers.
5	I have been to Joes Farm Grill several times and its always good! They have good burgers and its a fun environment. Great place for families.
5	"Ordinary food done extraordinarily well" or something like that, is their motto, and you can take that to the bank.Joe's Farm Grill is pretty inconveniently located for me (I am in north Phoenix, Joe's is in southeast Gilbert) but every so often...it's worth the trip.Joe's angle is that it literally is a farm, and much of what they serve is apparently raised on that farm. This translates into basic diner faire of outstanding quality.Their burgers and fries are out of this world, and their onion rings are possibly the best I have ever had. Homemade cheesecake, lemonade, pizza, all kinds of things on their menu that you would see anywhere but much better than everywhere else.The location is very clean, and if the weather is nice, their outdoor seating is gorgeous. Even their bathrooms are something to admire (you'll see what I mean)I don't get out in that area much, but when I do, I always try to get out to Joe's. Highly recommended.
2	I had the salmon and my husband had the BBQ pizza which was featured on the food network channel.  My fish was okay, I can cook better. The onion rings were yummy.   My husbands pizza came out with a black burnt crust. which was not edible.   After getting several good reviews from friends we thought this place was a sure bet.  We are sadly disappointed.  If you have any type of dining standards I would avoid this place.  .
4	Joe's Farm Grill is a great little restaurant that has really fresh food.  My husband and I went for a late lunch/early dinner around 3:00 which was a great time because it was not too busy.  I ordered the veggie burger with fries, my husband ordered a cheeseburger with mushrooms and fries, and we also ordered onion rings to share because we had heard a lot of great things about them.  We ordered way too much food, but I would do it again in a heartbeat.  My veggie burger had great flavor (it was a little spicy which I loved) and was grilled perfectly so that it was nice and crispy on the outside.  The fries were crispy and tasted great.  The onion rings were also crispy and fabulous!  My husband said that his hamburger was really good, but that the mushrooms on it were the best mushrooms he has had in a while.  One item we would change is the ranch dressing that we used with the onion rings.  The ranch was watery and not very flavorful.  If we could change one thing we would make the ranch dressing better.  With that being said, we will definitely be back!
3	Stick to breakfast or brunch for this place. Dinner ain't that great. Had veggie pizza....no flavor or zest to it...at least it was not greasy. Also sample the bbq pork...meh at best. I wish they should have used a better sauce. Though the fried zucchini and the ginger ale was good. Seriously sticking to breaky.
5	Better then the TV plug!!!
4	A must have if you have visitors...love the place. Very different and eating outdoors is great when it's cool enough. Great Burgers! You have to try this place! A bit pricey but it's a great treat and they have fresh produce..some are from their own garden. Oh yeah gotta go to the bathroom, kids will love it.
5	I'm a regular at this hot spot in Gilbert, AZ. The farm fresh ingredients make everything on the menu delicious. The Ahi Tuna sandwich is my go to almost every time. My husband loves all the burgers and hot dogs. Don't miss out on the best onion rings your ever going to have. The salads are delicious, especially with their green goddess dressing. I haven't tried their pizzas yet but they are definitely on my to do list. Their breakfasts are great too. Fresh fruit on the waffles and pancakes! Relax under the trees with the rest of the patrons. It's great to share your table and meet new people. Kids just love it there too. Real chicken breast used for the chicken tenders! It gets busy but don't let the lines out the door fool you, they are fast and if there is a little wait, it's definitely worth it. The staff are the happiest and friendliest for a group who don't get tips, although they do deserve it.
5	This place deserves a fiver.. Went with a buddy to try it out and both of us landed slam dunks with his ahi tuna sandwich with onion rings and drink (bit expensive at around $20) and my '4B' burger (with fontina instead of bleu) with sweet potato fries (around $12).. Have to mention that although my burger was great, I had a bite of the tuna and know I am getting that next time!
5	Excellent food and service!
5	I adore this place!Never even heard of Agritopia or Joe's Farm Grill, I was taken to this sweet, little hideaway on a sunny Saturday afternoon. The drive out is fun because you see lots of farmland, which is a nice scene away from the desert landscape. Tucked away on some very rich farmland, Joe's building is so futuristic and well-built into this ocmmunity that I could not stop just admiring the structure itself.A pretty popular place for families on a Saturday afternoon, the line to roder was a bit long but worth it. Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives visited a few years back, and all of Guy's favs are highlighted on the menu. Flatscreens and projectors have slides of all the best foods to roder while you're waiting. The also sell YooWoo, so naturally I give this place 5 stars. I orded the BBQ Pork Sandich and my friends ordered a pizza and the onion rings.THE ONIION RINGS ARE CAPITOL K KRUNCHY. And you must order them. With everything grown locally, basically a stone's throw away from Joe's, the food was so fresh and well made. A tad pricey but worth it. I cannot wait to go back.
4	I will keep this short and sweet.  I love this place, the food is always fresh, the service is always friendly, and the ambiance is one of a kind.  Agritopia rocks, so does Joe & the rest of the Johnston family!
5	We've taken so many of our friends to Joe's and they love it just as much as we do. Their menu is pretty simple but that's the way to do it. Our favorites are the grilled pizzas: both the BBQ chicken and the Veggie. The line can be unreal sometimes but it usually goes pretty quick. The food is great, the reason for the 4 stars is sometimes the staff can be a little unresponsive or flat out ignore you until you say excuse me. This has generally happened when we do takeout and I go straight to the pick up counter. Overall, great place to dine.
5	Joe's is one of my favorites, and I always bring my out-of-state visitors here.  Great outdoor atmosphere and phenomenal food.  Make time to walk around and see the gardens or visit the farmer's market while you're here.  I'd come more often if the line to get in wasn't always so long.
3	I wish the food was as good as the cute environment of the restaurant.
3	I think the food was good, just pricey but very large potions. Perhaps smaller portions, cheaper menu?
5	Have been here only once since my last Update a year ago because it's way down here in sticks, but oh what a treat this trippy place is!On this visit Robyn N. & Mike C. joined in, & I went with a Sonoran hotdog, onion rings & a chocolate malt.  Yes these these guys are a little expensive, but there's no place else like it & both the food & the fun here have been absolutely 5 Stars for me on every visit!     :-))Sonoran Dog & Side $6.99, upgrade to Onion Rings $2.50, Chocolate Malt $4.49.
5	had lunch here today with Rand H and Robyn N. I had the the hot dog with pulled pork on it and baked potato fries and both of these were awesome. Rand H. gave me one of his onion rings and it was probably the best onion ring I have ever tasted.After are great lunch I stopped at the coffee shop and grabbed a berry scone and some type of orange chocolate filled cookie and both of those were great as well. So with nothing I could say negative about the place I give them 5 stars and hope to return soon.
5	I love having this place in my neighborhood, just a mere 800 steps from my front door. The menu appeals to everyone, from foodies to Applebee's addicts. It's a unique spot that's great for taking out of town visitors.Service has been great the many times I've come here. The restaurant is run efficiently, and the few times that we've run into problems (like a burnt pizza), the situation is remedied quickly. My dog once escaped and ran to Joe's (can you blame him?), and the manager was sweet enough to feed him chicken and watch over him until I could leave work to pick him up.I love that they added a veggie burger to the menu. It's a good one, too! It comes with a vegan 1000 island dressing, but I like to have it topped with the fixings from the fontina burger. Their portobello burger is one of my favorites which says a lot because as a vegetarian, I've eaten my body weight in "token vegetarian option" sandwiches. It has an awesome grilled flavor and is simply dressed. I love the grilled pizza too. No one near by does this, and the leftovers make an awesome breakfast.Speaking of which, breakfast at Joe's Farm Grill is wonderful. My husband swears their pancakes are the best he's ever had at a restaurant, very close to his mother's version. He also goes gaga over the ribs and waffles (but a nap is required afterwards) and the breakfast tacos. I usually get the veggie scramble with a salad, grilled flatbread, and a great fruit cup that *doesn't* include cheapo grapes and cantaloupe. Lastly, I just have to say how happy I am that they finally took the endless loop of Guy Fieri off their TV monitors. Good decision!
3	Very different building. Cool vibe. Food was good but pricey for what you get.
4	I have been here twice now and had two very different expereinces. For lunch I would give this 5 stars. The hot dogs are fantastic. Really good buns that are toasted and great selection of toppings. The fries are also very good. The bbq chicken pizza has so many great flavors on it. Really good. Breakfast was a different story. My omlette tasted like someone dropped the salt shaker in it. It wasn't even edible. My mom got a waffle and it wasn't fully cooked. the middle was still gooey dough. Had I not had my sister insisting that the hot dogs were amazing we would not have gone back. So for lunch I reccomend this place,  especially with the great weather and all the outdoor seating. Five stars for their non breakfast items!
5	This is one of my top 5 favorite restaurants to go eat.  I love the atmosphere and food. The prices are a little steep for frequent visits, but for a treat, the prices are worth the quality!  The Fontina Burger is the best burger I have had yet.
4	It's a ways out there, but worth the drive. Very family friendly. We went on a Saturday and were dismayed by the very long Disney-esque lines at lunch, but we had driven so far...! My BF had the Chicken Caesar salad and I had a salad with ahi. We shared some fries. All of the food was done really well and there's no denying the produce is just-picked and wonderful. The outdoors seating is really nice if the weather's cooperating.
2	Do not, and i repeat do not go there for breakfast.  The Belgians would be appaled by the so called tasteless Belgian waffle, the apple fritters barely had any shreds of apple and were actually mini dough balls practically as heavy as a baseball, and the veggie omelette n coffee were just eh... That was not worth the wait!
2	Lots of hype around this place, lines all the way out the door all the time... The first time I ate here, I had the Fontina Burger, and was quite underwhelmed.  I also had the date shake, which had barely any date in it.  I didn't want to write the place off, however, since Joe's Real BBQ is one of my favorite restaurants.This time, I went with the hot dogs: Carolina and Sonoran.  The Carolina dog sounded pretty good, with its pulled pork, BBQ sauce, and slaw toppings.  It was decent, but not as awesome as I thought it'd be.  The franks seemed to be decent quality, and the buns were nice.  If you get a dog, this is probably the best option.Now, I knew going in that the Sonoran Dog would not be an authentic Sonoran dog.  Sour cream?  Really?  But I tried it anyways, hoping it would at least be good, even if not a Sonoran Dog.  It was underwhelming; seriously, guys, at least make it spicy.  If it doesn't even have that in common with a real Sonoran Dog, why is it called that?  A Sonoran Dog has pinto beans, bacon, mayo, mustard, pico de gaullo, tomatillo sauce, is served on a bolillo roll, and is served with a grilled hot pepper.  You can't just slap some bacon and beans on a hot dog and call it a Sonoran Dog.  This should be a crime.  This is a blatant affront to all of the hardworking Mexican immigrants who, through their efforts, created Arizona's finest contribution to the culinary landscape.The outdoor seating is nice.  That's really about it.  They don't even have the awesome homemade root beer or lemonade they have at Joe's Real BBQ. Skip this, and stick with Joe's other restaurants.
4	Ambience = A++; It really is a beautiful setting and the perfect place to go when the weather turns nice.  We even drove around the neighborhood a bit to get the lay of the land.  I hadn't been in that area since it was all farmland in the 80s.  Food = B; We both had burgers.  There really wasn't anything special about them, which is not to say they weren't good... they were.  I'm more than willing to go there again and try something different - something more "authentically Joe's".  The fries were again, unimpressive.  The drinks were a little on the bland side; my first go was a Dr. Pepper which was flat.  Service was relatively quick for how many people were there.  My husband said the bathrooms were pretty awesome.
4	Went to Joes Farm Grill with the entire family tonight. Great food! Everyone liked what they ordered. The only thing that was a problem was the hour and 1/2 we spent in line waiting to order. Great place on the weekend if you have a ton of time. If not, then try another place.
3	I live in the neighborhood next to JFG, so I've been here a handful of times. First, be prepared for a long line, any day of the week.  I've had the ahi tuna salad, but if u want an ahi tuna salad go to a sushi restaurant, I don't really recommend that from JFG.  I'm a big fan of the hot dogs, recommend them. Strange tho, that they dont serve a chili dog, or have any chili for that matter. But be warned - they always seem to send me immediately straight for a bathroom, if you know what I mean.... Or maybe it's just me. The BBQ pizza flatbread was a little on the bland side. The date shake was okay, the shakes in the middle of nowhere Dateland, AZ are better. The pumpkin pie shake, however, is delish - recommend highly.The food is decent, but pretty expensive for just "decent" food, and really long lines. At some point I'm sure I'll go back, since I live right next to it and people who visit always want to try it and see what it's all about because they saw it on Triple D. Rumor has it, that they have good breakfast, which I've never tried, and somewhat interested in.
3	It was good...but not great. On my first visit, I had a waffle that was not fully cooked all the way through. Thought I would give them a second try and had the bbq chicken pizza which was completely burnt on all the edges but the rest was really good. Hot dogs were the best food I have had there. The buns are amazing and the fries are really good. I will be back to try more items on the menu but only for lunch, no more breakfast!
3	Not a bad place for breakfast. Suppose eating outside with the smell of manure and those pesky flies add to the experience of having a meal at the farm.
5	This is such a great spot for lunch.  I love that you can eat outside on the picnic tables and the coffee shop next store is the perfect compliment.
5	Love this place!  Great food, outdoor eating is a plus during the cooler weather.  Only downside is that it is usually so busy, so it can be a little noisy inside, but even that is well worth the experience!
4	I try to avoid greasy, american-style burgers & fries, but don't be afraid of Joe's Farm Grill. Yes, they have onion rings, fries, and burgers, but they are so much better than what you are picturing. Nothing tastes old and stale. It all comes out hot and fresh. The building itself is pretty interesting, considering it used to be a home, then it was converted into a business. Be prepared to wait in line, because this place is always busy for lunch and dinner. Finding a spot to sit isn't too hard, but it is another place that has a 'cafeteria style' seating arrangement. I had a grilled cheese the last time I visited, and onion rings. Yummy. I know it's hard to mess up a grilled cheese, but you would be surprised- this one was delicious. I was happy to see that Joe's was on television too. This place really deserves the popularity. The staff is friendly too. Thanks Joe. :-)
5	I had the Salmon Caesar Salad yesterday for lunch and lets just say it's my new pregnancy craving! It was amazing! :)
5	Always good and predictable with a diverse menu. Nice family atmosphere. Really great outdoor or indoor seating.  Pretty much a standard once a week place for our family.
5	Great place, love the food- the onion rings are amazing!  I love the area, you can take the kids right next door to the community garden, which is beautiful to a farm girl like me. I only wish I lived closer so that I could be a regular!
5	Love Joe's Farm Grill!  The food is tasty, service is great and the environment is fun. We usually sit on the back patio. It has heaters in the winter and misters in the summer. And it has easy access to the drinks and condiments. On the day of your Birthday you get $10 off your meal, just show your ID. My favorites are the veggie pizza and fontina grilled cheese.
5	I always feel so good when I eat here! Fresh food, and a wonderful atmosphere, I love getting the peanut butter, chocolate chip, banana sandwich thing and sitting outside and feeding my crust to the birds. DInner and a show! The iced tea is pretty good as well. The only problem with this place is the line is sometimes so long because of how great it is!! :P
4	I was here from out of town visiting friends and one of them recommended coming here.  I had been eating fast food for days it felt like so I did want something that was a bit "healthier".I liked the concept and thought everything was pretty well made.  I had the Ahi tuna burger and it was perfect - good amount of tuna, done perfectly rare, etc.  I also got beets on the side.  It was quite a lot of food.  I thought the prices were reasonable enough - the only odd thing was it was kind of an in between restaurant -  it wasn't fast food since you had to wait for the food, but it wasn't a sit down restaurant either.
5	Haven't been here in a long time but when we did go it was AWESOME! Fresh Fresh Fresh and TASTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can't wait to go back!
5	This is my favorite place to eat!!!! their garlic fries are to die for & they have the best chicken tenders i have ever had!!!!! i honestly wish they had one in ahwatukee because i would go there everyday!!The only downside is during certain times, the lines are way too long! they either need to make ordering for efficient or have more cash registers.
5	A great place to take your family! I've been here many times and every single time I leave like I did the time prior, satisfied. Great tasting food, service is excellent, and the park is beautiful.
5	I wanted to move to Agritopia when my ex and I were looking for a big old house in east Gilbert.  I urged him to consider Agritopia.  I extolled the virtues of the charming neighborhoods, tree lined streets, real front porches, alley accessed garages, the centrally located elementary school for our son, the availability of fresh produce raised within the subdivision, and I went on and on but he wasn't having it.  I think he secretly suspected that I was trying to indoctrinate him into some new fangled 21st century commune or something.  Now I realize exactly what I did wrong.  I didn't force him to come get a meal at Joe's Farm Grill, which just happens to be within a stone's throw to Agritopia and also uses Agritopia's produce garden.  (Or maybe it's Joe's Farm Grill garden and Agritopia uses it?  I dunno, but I do know the two are somehow linked.)    If I had only dragged him into Joe's Farm Grill I could have sealed the deal, I'm sure of it.Joe's is a really neat little place, surrounded by towering Tamarack trees that have been there forever.  The structure was originally the late 1950's to early 1960's ranch style family home (and former farm) of the same family that now owns Joe's.  Also the family has two other top-notch restaurants, Joe's Real BBQ and Liberty Grill.  The house has since been professionally and radically retrofitted into be a sleek, yet still somehow retro, restaurant, with bathrooms that are so fun and funky that you just have to go there and see for yourself what I mean.  (Trust me.)  The restaurant still retains the old front room of the original house, including the fire place, and it is now a dining room.  It's not hard at all to imagine Joe's family settled around their Christmas tree in their pajamas in the mid-1960's opening presents, completely oblivious to the fact that someday their front room would be a seating area for one of the best places to eat in the whole damn Valley.  Yep, I said it: One of the best places to eat in the whole damn Valley; that is NO exaggeration.The food here is amazing.  It's wildly flavorful, perfectly cooked, and deliciously paired with different sides and it's all reasonably priced to boot.  They know what they do here, and they do it perfectly.  My personal favorite here is the seared Ahi Tuna sandwich with a Wasabi dressing.  I can't even describe how good it is.  It's just a flat out flavor bomb.  (Tip: I will reiterate that the tuna is seared, so if you get it and are expecting a fully cooked tuna steak you will be confused and perhaps even disappointed; don't be, just eat it and savor the deliciousness of a perfectly seared tuna steak on a toasted bun with a wonderful Wasabi dressing and a zesty Asian slaw.)  It is my favorite sandwich from anywhere, ever.  I have also tasted their pizzas, burgers, hot dogs, shakes (come topped with a green cherry!) and French fries and all have been outstanding.  I really cannot find a single criticism for this place.Oh wait, I just thought of one criticism; that there isn't a Joe's Farm Grill closer to my home, since my ex refused to let us buy a house there.   *pout*
2	Meh...had the green eggs and ham. Hubs had the big breakfast. Was okay--how can you go wrong with breakfast, though.  But I gotta admit that the fresh squeezed orange juice was awesome.  For the overall price, however , considered this restaurant overrated.
5	Mmmm....grilled vegetable scramble. Do it.Joe's is amazing. And they are always busy, so if you decide to come in, plan on standing in line for a bit, but rest assured, every minute is worth the delectable tastes that you will encounter on your first bite.They also have pancakes that are light, fluffy and YUM. If you are considering visiting here, consider no more and get your booty in for some breakfast!
2	Disappointing. First visit, the place was extremely busy so I overlooked the quality of the food. Second visit was fairly slow, but the quality was equally as poor. Ahi was overcooked, burger overcooked, fries too salty, onion rings too greasy.
5	Best breakfast around plus its free on your birthday! Great family atmosphere and outside seating! Food is always fresh and yummy! Favorite sandwiches are 4B burger and spicy chicken sandwich. Best bathroom vibe, must see to believe!
5	What an interesting find in the Phoenix metro!  Brought to you by the same folks that run Joe's Real BBQ (also in Gilbert) this place is so fresh and so good.  Located in south Gilbert, you feel like you're eating outside in the country.  Phoenix couldn't feel farther away.  The food was fantastic, and there are a lot of fresh, whimsical, and interesting players on the menu.  I went for a burger with BBQ sauce, onion ring, bacon, and blue cheese...pretty much my standard burger toppings, and it didn't disappoint in the slightest.  Simon got the ahi tuna sandwich, and he said it was excellent.  We shared some garlic fries, which were covered in fresh garlic and parmesan cheese, and dripping in butter.  They were fantastic.  Luckily all of us ate them so that no one could accuse the other of having bad breath.  I loved that you have the option to eat outside, sitting on picnic tables underneath giant trees.  It's just not an environment that you see much in the valley.
5	Always delish! We had burgers and I love the flavor and use of veggies grown right on the farm. I'm a local that prefers to support local businesses and JFG never disappoints on good food!
4	This place is super tasty.  There are a lot of options, but what keeps me coming back are the shakes!  Often times they have unique flavored shakes at different times of the year depending on what produce is in season.  Also, the sweet potato fries are good.
4	This is great place to bring the family and let the kids roam outside while you sit on a bench and watch. The food is good and the service (behind the window) is friendly. The Food Network came here with Guy Fieri. Guy likes the food and says their onion rings are "Captial K Krunchy!". I normally come for breakfast. Love the breakfast tacos with bacon. Who doesn't love bacon? The combo of pesto and sour cream which are both topped on the tacos really bring it to a whole new level. Delicious coffee. I wish I could take a full carafe home. The inside of the restaurant is usually packed and patrons need to fill the tables outside. With days like today, when it is beautiful outside... I'd rather be outside anyways.  If you haven't been to Joe's Farm Grill, you owe it to your family and self to get out here!
4	I've eaten at Joe's Farm Grill enough to honestly state that EVERYTHING on their breakfast, lunch, and dinner menu is tasty!
5	Wow - the food was fantastic - my daughter was so excited that the veggie burger was Vegan, and it was incredible.  The atmosphere was wonderful - lots of comfortable outside eating areas.  The only downside was a long line, but it was worth the wait.
4	Joe's is awesome.   I really like the atmosphere and the food is really good too.  Breakfast, lunch or dinner, I dig it. For breakfast, the omelets are awesome.  If you're feeling like a waffle this is the place to get one.  For lunch or dinner the burgers are super tasty and the pizza is excellent.  We always take people from out of town here and a lot of it has to do with the atmosphere.  Not too many places where you can order food and sit at a picnic table in a farm type setting.  Sure its in the middle of suburbia but it does a great job capturing the farmhouse feel in 21st century-Gilbert AZ.  I recommend Joe's if you seek good food in a unique environment.
5	Who doesn't love Joe's? It goes without saying that this place is great. Their garlic fries put Gilroy to shame, the onion rings are devilish, all of their shakes are top-notch. Then there's the beet salad and grilled veggie pizza...I could go on forever. This quaint farm house turned restaurant really has it figured out. And I always go next door to the Coffee Shop for an after-lunch/dinner latte.
2	I was looking forward to going here as I've heard a lot about it.   Overall it was a blah experience.  Hamburgers were okay but nothing to write home about.   Onion rings were cold and pretty skimpy on the onion, def not worth the $2.50 up charge.  For the overall price vs food, won't be making the trek to Gilbert again.
4	This sustainable restaurant is located in a very nice rural area. Got the double Sonoran/Carolina dog combo. Very tasty. If you come on a weekend night expect a hefty wait. The prices are decent, but definitely worth trying out.
5	Although the line was long, it was worth the wait. We tried the Sonoran dog and the Carolina dog, along with garlic fries. The Carolina was my favorite. A dog topped with pulled pork, cole slaw, and their own bbq sauce. Loved the outdoor picnic style seating on a nice warm day. Can't wait to go back to try the bbq chicken pizza and onion rings. Will be taking out of towners here for sure.
5	One of our most liked eating places here in the valley of the sun.
5	Love everything about this place! Fresh amazing food!
5	Great like always! Family friendly and great for picnics!
5	Absolutely amazing hamburgers. Amazing garlic fries. Amazing shakes, fried zucchini, and onion rings. I can go on, or you can read the other five hundreds reviews on this place, its even been featured on Food Network.  Joe's Farm Grill is a great, original, retro, family-friendly restaurant serving fresh organic quality food.  Beautiful outdoor picnic area type seating surrounded by large mature trees, even an outdoor soda machine and condiment station, which is great since so many of us Arizonans just love eating and being outside!. Surprisingly enough, it is not nearly as crowded as I thought it would be. Its not exactly close to home, but there are a few places I always like to swing by when I am in the area- and best believe this is one of them.
5	Joe's Farm Grill was a 40 minute round trip from my home in Phoenix but I still found myself there quite regularly. Now I live 6 hours away and I still find myself there regularly! Everything about Joe's Farm Grill is amazing. I am having a hard time working my way through the menu because every time I go there I want what I had last time again! My favorite meals have to be the pulled pork sandwich or the Carolina dog with a strawberry lemonade and onion rings. My favorite attribute about Joe's Farm Grill would be the atmosphere. A once old farm house renovated nearly beyond recognition surrounded by citrus trees, wooden picnic tables, and large trees that obviously prefer to not grow in straight lines.Negatives/Technicalities-On a beautiful day they will be busy, expect lines!-Far from the Phoenix MetroThe few negative reviews all complain of waiting too long and high prices.The wait, in my opinion, is entirely worth it; and you get what you pay for.If you want cheap/quick food go eat at McDonalds....Overall Joe's Farm Grill is a great place to eat!
5	So the management of Joe's contacted me about my experience.  They genourously offered a giftcard for a revisit.  I can honestly say that shocked me tremendously.  While Joe's is a pretty far drive for me, I thought it only fair to give them a second shot.  My second experience was definitely better than the first.  We switched it up and tried the pizza and fish sandwich. had to get the onion rings also, to see if the ones from my first visit were unusually bad.  I am happy to report that the food this time around was much better.  The onion rings this time around were crisp and fresh.  The ingredients are fresh, and you can definitely taste it.  Overall I believe my first experience was a random fluke....I guess every place has a 'bad day.  Overall I would give Joe's 4 stars, BUT, customer service is huge, and I appreciate being contacted regarding my prior experience, so the 5th star is for excellent customer service.
2	OK, the vibe at this place is pretty cool. They have done a fantastic job of creating an outside dining space. However, the organization leaves a lot to be desired. We waited in a looooong line. One one person taking orders, really.....they even have two windows. In addition to the long line the two people in front of us kept welcoming their friends into line with them - all eight of them. Wait time in line - 30 minutes. Now interacting with the staff there was pleasant so I do not want to take anything away from them, it really is just the organization that needs work. If you are hoping to find something healthy you are going to have limited choices. Pretty much fried everything and some salads. The food gets three stars but the items above and the cost take it down to two. All in all an interesting experience that is worth the trip, just needs some tweaking to get them across the finish line.
5	Love it here! My favorites are the chicken pesto sandwich & the bbq chicken pizza! The wait in line is worth it! The atmosphere is wonderful & u must check out the bathroom (trust me)!
4	Easter breakfast was fantastic!!  Fresh, delicious and great setting!  One negative, the wait in line was long and I didn't understand the ONE person taking orders seemed very inefficient.  However, I did overhear that it was by design to keep the cooks getting the food out in a reasonable time.  Once we ordered, the food, 6 meals, was out in less that 15 mins.  We stood in line for nearly 40 minutes.The pancakes were amazing, the four cheese omelet, was scrumptious!Definitely will drive 1 hour each way from my home to go back to try the lunch and dinner.
2	I really wanted to like this place more,The vibe was cool, loved the outdoor dining space, really LOVE the locavore aspect, heck even the bathrooms are cool.But the bottom line is that the food is "good" not great. I went for the sustainable, local angle, but the  food tasted average and the prices were high. They really work hard on the marketing, but are they really tasting the food?I had the ribs and my wife had a veggie burger. Fries were cold and limp, BBQ sauce nothing to write home about. We compared notes and did not feel that the food was worth the wait or the price. MEH.Onion rings were amazing.It felt like marketing and style over substance. The wait is interminable (2 visits) - tough on kids to wait that long. it felt like the lines for Space Mountain during spring break.If they regularly have 30 minute + waits to get to a single order window, why not open another?
4	UNIQUE/fun/tasty place.We were visiting Scottsdale and took a minor detour to check this place out after we arrived at Mesa Airport.Atmosphere/service: 5/5 This place is basically in farm country, with a community garden you should definitely check out behind it and farmer "joe" on the tractor giving us a big smile and wave in 90 degree heat in a button up cotton shirt driving by on his farm which is adjacent to the community garden.  This restaurant is one of a kind.  It's an old building redone in a modern fashion with "gardens" and huge trees surrounding it with a ton of picnic tables for you to take your grub outside and chill.  Check out the bathrooms, they are ridiculous with old school movies playing on the tv above the urinal amongst other things. Crowds were large but the lines moved fast, they have their logistics down.Food 4/5We ordered the BBQ plate which was out of this world.  amazing rubs and bbq they use was delicious.  Their famous onion rings were somewhat of a let down, they were good but fell short of expectations (especially being featured on the food network).  We also had their coleslaw which was  5/5 and then their beet/bluecheese salad which was also very good. We also had their chocolate milkshake and added peanut butter which was redonk-good.  So many bomb sounding things on this menu I could go back 5 times and still not try everything I wanted to.  I'm into sauces too and once you get your food you can go over to the fountain drink station and there is literally 10 awesome sauces you can choose from.  This food certainly won't disappoint, it could have been 5/5 easily but I have to stick with 4/5 because its not mind blowing, just solid good and was enjoyable.Next time im in AZ, I'm going back FOR SURE!
4	So I love the concept, like the atmosphere, and like the food. (My favs are the curry chicken salad sandwich, the BBQ chicken pizza, the onion rings and the sweet potato fries)  However there are 2 things that keep me from giving Joe's 5 stars:  the prices and the huge lines.  Considering they grow all their own produce, the prices could be a tad cheaper.  But what bothers me more is the lines.  Ever since Joe's Farm Grill has opened, there has been lines, and I am sorry, but this problem should have been solved by now.  Open 2 windows on the weekends, hire more cooks, do SOMETHING, but NO food is worth waiting over an hour just to order.  Long lines may be a boost to the ego, but not really good customer service.  If Joe's could solve this issue, I would visit much more often, because I really do commend them for doing something unique.
4	A bit pricey, but good fresh food. Nothing that unique about it though. You can pretty much get this type of food at any chain restaurant.
5	SO good. Had the curried chicken salad with Asian slaw and beet salad (see picture). All were great and very fresh tasting. But the best thing about Joe's is the date shake! I know it sounds like a bathroom crime scene waiting to happen, but it's more than worth any possible collateral damage. Definitely get it if its in season.
5	My family and I love this place.From the chicken pizza, to the shrimp to the amazing breakfasts, Joe's has become a staple of ours here in Gilbert.  The kids can't get enough of the farm atmosphere and we can't get enough of the food; which there is plenty of!  It may be a little pricey, but they give you your money's worth both in quantity and quality.  Don't leave without trying one of their delicious shakes.Keep it up Joe's and we will keep coming back again and again.
2	I heard everyone rave about this place but I was disappointed.  The wait in line to order was almost 30 min.  To me that is ridiculous when you can walk into another restaurant and get served immediately.  I also thought their prices were high when their food was just okay.
5	Excellent meal in the farm. Burgers were tasty, onion rings just right, milk shake was thick! Long line, but it moved quickly and there was water and shade to make the April AZ sun tolerable. We went to college with Steve and Paul so it gave us a chance to reminisce.
4	Great  food if you don't mind waiting in line for 30 minutes in front of some hippie do-gooder that is crying because you have too many people in your party. I like the community farming co-op thing they have going too. great place for a family outing.
5	Simply a great place to eat. Joe's Farm Grill is my favorite local restaurant and I eat here with the family at least a couple of times per month. When it's not too hot out Joe's offers tons of outdoor seating at picnic tables among the trees. The food is fresh with lots of local ingredients, many from the Agritopia Farm just across the street.I'm a big fan of many of the regular dishes, especially the Ahi Tuna Sandwich. But one of the best things about Joe's Farm Grill are the specials that feature fresh seasonal ingredients. Keep an eye out for real milkshakes with local, fresh fruit.Joe's Farm Grill is definitely a local favorite and has been featured nationally on the Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. As a result, the place can get pretty busy but the line usually moves pretty fast. If you're in the area for a visit, in my book this is the one place in town you've got to eat.
5	The best restaurant in Gilbert.  Period.  If you have kids there is no where else better.
3	Nice place to eat outside.  Needs more bathrooms and another kitchen.  1 hour wait not uncommon.  The food is good but some items came out cold.  The onion rings were bland.  And I thought the onions could have been thicker.  I would come back more often If the wait times were shorter.  (Serving beer wouldn't hurt either!)The best part about this place is that kids can run around outside while adults talk and enjoy the evening.  Never at the top of my list for dinner especially if the weather is hot or if I am in a hurry.  Overall I say joes farm grill is adequate food priced fairly.  I doubt you will leave raving about your meal, but you may really enjoy the setting.
5	First time I have ever eaten at Joes Farm GrillI have eaten at Joe's BBQ, which has great food so I was expecting the same...... Well I got better. We had breakfast and it was delecious. By far the best bacon I have ever had. I got a waffle as well and it was so fluffy and tasty. I have yet to try the lunch and dinner menu but the breakfast will keep me coming back. Outdoor seating is nice and if its to warm inside is avaliable as well :)
4	Good food. The Asian chicken salad ws tasty. Lots of seating outside but the flies almost ran us out of there.  Will sit inside next time!
4	Great Food! I love the outdoor dining!!  There were way too many flies!! kinda gross
5	Delicious BBQ pork, awesome scenery, you can sit inside or outside there is their farm all around the restaurant.  If you are within 40 mins of here you should make the trip!
4	I took my niece here for lunch on my sister in law's recommendation.  They grow the produce right there on the farm.  You can walk around and literally see where your food comes from.  I had the fried shrimp which is a treat for me.  They were awesome.  Flavorful breading.  We had sweet potato fries (served with incredible pineapple salsa)which even tasted good the next day cold at the airport with the seared ahi to go that was cheaper and a million times better than airport food.  Katrina had the portobello mushroom burger.  I had some and it was cooked & dressed perfectly.  The coleslaw was fresh & tasty, the fried zucchini were excellent.  The portions were so huge we could only eat about one third.  There is outside seating under the mister & I will be going back.
5	I love the beet salad and date milkshakes. Food is really good and love the atmosphere. Tons of outdoor seating under huge trees. Another good place for big groups and or bringing kids.
4	Love the outdoor seating at picnic tables, which is perfect during our cooler months.  Have only eaten breakfast here, but it's always been great.  Only downfall is long line to order and have to pick up your food...personally I like to be served, but that is just the style of this place.
5	Great food, short waiting time, and great ambiance.!
4	I continue to come to Joe's Farm Grill on occasion.  It's not a must-visit like Joe's Real BBQ, but as I stated in my first review 18 months ago they have some items here that are not available at the other Joe's.  I have tried a few of their other dishes in that time.  Their Sonoran hot dog (with pulled pork) is very tasty, their shakes are pretty good, I do like their garlic fries(!!), and their grilled pizza is not bad at all.I would actually give them 3.5 stars if I could.  For what they are they are very good.  Not fantastic, but very good.  A unique array of salads, burgers, and other sandwiches, hot dogs, plus the pizzas...American comfort food with a twist.Today I went back to my "standard" and got the pork plate (comes with garlic fires and slaw, though I don't like slaw).  I have buns at home, and so can make some pulled pork sandwiches and munch on the garlic fries.What more could you ask?
5	Nice place
3	The food is great but the almost hour long wait, in line, is not worth it... It would be a 5 star review if it wasn't such an inconvenience of a wait.. the prices are a little high also but you get what you pay for.
4	I live in Agritopia, so I am a very frequent patron of Joe's Farm Grill. The Fontina burger is my fav, and the veggie pizza is my husbands fave. My only 2 gripes are that the place is always packed. The best time to go is about an hour before closing. By that time the line has died down. The second thing is the flies . . . but given that the place sits on a FARM, there's not much that can be done about that. We usually sit inside to avoid the flying critters. Overall a wonderful, family friendly place to eat. Supporting local is my thing, so I love that!
5	Simple food made great with quality ingredients. Ahi tuna sandwich, sweet potato fries, fried green beans with garlic butter and a milk shake is a MUST!
3	I get the whole farm fresh "organic" thing. I guess I was expecting to be wowed by this place.I love the fact that you can sit outdoors because they have the misters going. After all, who wants to sit outside in 110 degrees?? You can also sit inside if you choose. It is a great place to bring your family. They have big benches you can all sit on.The breakfast was good. I enjoyed the pancakes. It was okay.
4	The Farm is good!  Nice family atmosphere, good food, and nice urban farming appeal.  While the food is good, it isn't exceptionally great and with that comes a heafty bill.  We have gone several times before and will go again - we recommend eating here just be prepared to pay the high prices!
5	Holler, love it every time.
4	This is probably one of the places our family loves coming to the most. I know there's always a line that many complain about, but it's not because Joe's has a poorly run kitchen or skimps on their service. It's because it's arguably the most unique and popular of restaurants in the East Valley.My "go to" item here is the Bleu Cheese Bacon burger. My wife and I are fairly enthusiastic foodies, and I can say without reservations that that burger is the best I've ever tasted. After a few years I started asking for extra bleu cheese on it because it seemed the longer they've been around, the more stingy they are on it. And that stuff, which I think is homemade, is what makes that burger. They also have sweet potato fries with pineapple salsa that my wife raves about. Every once in a while I get a yummy chocolate shake too.This place was also featured on The Food Network's "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives," and they definitely are good and proud of it. TVs are everywhere showing the episode on repeat, even in the bathroom. (Something that while cool, I think patrons make a bigger deal out of than necessary. Nothing against the restaurant though; I just laugh when people go crazy over a tv in the bathroom. If it was playing the Suns game on it, then maybe you can freak out.)Once or maybe twice a year they do customer appreciation day and give out free burgers all afternoon. This restaurant has a loyal following and I think it's pretty cool for a business to show value in it's customers in such a manner. With that being said, I NEVER go to Joe's on "Free Day." You think the lines are bad on a normal day? They're ridiculous on Free Day, requiring even DPS traffic control to maintain some sense of order. What people won't do for a free handout! My time is worth more than saving 7 bucks on a burger. Just to make a statement to all the freeloaders (and I say that in the nicest way possible, hardy har) that show up, I'd love to come in on Free Day and pay double the normal price for the burger if it meant cutting the line or something. Not saying it should happen, but it'd be funny. But that says more about people in general than Joe's, and again, I commend them for valuing the community like that. I think one year we arrived at Joe's not realizing it was Free day, and all I could say was "Ah crap." lol.Joe's is the best. I'm telling ya, try the Bleu Cheese Bacon burger, and make sure to ask for extra bleu cheese on it, even if they charge for it. It's SOOOOOOO good!And if you "Like" their Facebook page, you'll get all their announcements, including the year's "Free Day," so that you know when NOT to go to Joe's, which should be the only time you shouldn't. I haven't had their breakfast yet, but I hear it's equally thrilling.
5	Real good, great atmosphere. Nothing much else like it nearby in AZ, feels like an old farm. The bathrooms are cool too if you get a chance to check them out.
4	The food is so fresh and delicious! I haven't tried anything on the menu that isn't outstanding. My personal favorite is the Ahi Tuna Sandwich, I know why it was on the foodnetwork, cause it is freakin mouthwatering!! However, I have NEVER been to Joe's when there wasn't a line out the door. If you're patient and you have time to wait, it's worth it! But if you need food fast, probably not your best bet.
3	BBQ sauce was quite boring.Had the Baby Back Ribs (full slab) thee meat was tender, but the BBQ Sauce was really boring No bang or No zest just mediocre sauce. I'll give them another try but ordering something else next time.
4	Man happy birthday to meI came for the $10 off birthday deal that Joe's offers and came away with much moreFirst of the location is around some fields/orchards and something you don't see too often in Arizona. Ordering was quick and they have electronic telly things that remind you when your foods readyThe seared ahi tuna came with some of the best rings I've had and I got a strawberry milkshake as well. The ahi was mammoth with almost a lb of pure tuna. The panko breaded rings were on point. The shake imo was just ok, but it doesn't hurt that it's made with better ingredients then other shakes elsewhere. (Sonic's I'm lookin at you)Overall the scenery, peeps, and food is worth the trip. (Big fan of the ordering system as well)
5	Who doesnt love this place??   Been coming back over and over for years.....GOOD JOB!!!   Deep fried green beans are the best!!!
4	I'm not one to sit up on a pedestal and tell you to eat organic.  Honestly, I don't care if there were some high powered fertilizers used to grow my tomatoes if they're fresh.  And that's exactly what you'll get here - fresh.  They harvest their veggies from the large garden out back which you're free to walk through before or after your meal.  The food is varied and there is something for everyone.  The salads are large, the sandwiches are filling, and the sides are all very good.  The only downside of Joe's is the price.  You'll probably be looking at $30 for lunch for 2 especially if you choose to have dessert or a shake (you should have a shake).  All told it is a fantastic lunch option and a great place to take out-of-town visitors, especially in the cooler months!
5	Oh what a happy day. This place has everything (if you oversee that it's in f!#@$g Gilbert, AZ lol)The farm salad with thai dressing was OK but I'm positive that next time I'll have the fresh beet salad.But this is out of the subject. The Fontina burger is delicious, period! Full flavor cheese, perfect meat, nothing not to love about this burger. (I didn't eat the bun since I'm trying to skip some carbs but it looked great).The onion rings are the best I've ever tried. Not that I'm a big fan of onion rings but this ones are a mandatory dish.The place is family orientated, nice and modern decor, the bathrooms are interesting, btw. They have some weird decor (I won't spoil it, check it out by yourself). The price is pretty decent (if you oversee the gas to drive to f!@$#g Gilbert, AZ lol).A great place that worth the trip.I'll be back soon.Cheers.
5	I absolutely love Joe's Farm Grill! I've had pizza, burgers, BBQ, salads, fish, and hot dogs. Every item is great. The salads are especially good, probably because they grow the greens right there on the farm. If you like Joe's you should try the sister restaurant in downtown Gilbert Joe's Real BBQ.
4	Really great fresh grilled food. I went with a group of 5 people, and we were able to all get different things that we like.. from burgers to pizza to fish and salad. Everyone  loved their meals. I'm usually a salad fan. First time I got the Thai Ahi salad and it was really good. The second time I got the salmon Caesar salad and it was incredible. So delicious! It's a relaxed atmosphere. You wait in line to order the food and then find seating either inside or outside while waiting for your food. *If you go on a weekend, be prepared to wait in a long line. Week days are still a small wait, but weekends seem to get a bit crowded. (but it's probably crowded for a reason)
5	Definitely worth the drive!  Great food and neat atmosphere.  The grilled peanut butter banana split sandwhich was amazing!!
3	This is not what I was expecting from what I been hearing about this place. This is a fast food type p[lace that sells healthier stuff. The food was just okay, the place was a little dirty not bad. not much seating inside and the soda fountain was located outside. This is more of a trendy place more then a restaurant. If you go here don't expect much and you will be satisfied.
5	Food was great! Farm fresh ingredients. Pulled pork was delicious and the ribs were fall off the bone good!
5	We love coming to Joe's Farm Grill. The food is always great and when the weather is nice we love sitting outside to eat. I like that the food tastes fresh and pretty much anything on the menu is good. My boyfriend and I love their Ahi Tuna Sandwich. It's our favorite. They give you a large size Ahi Tuna with wasabi mayo and slaw with the sandwich. So good!!!
5	This is one of the best places I've eaten at. Every meal has been absolutely excellent and tastes fresh! My personal favorite is the seared Ahi tuna sandwich. My only complaint is that there is always a long line to order, but that just speaks to how popular this place is. Highly recommend Joe's!
4	Delicious dinner here! Loved the relaxed atmosphere, and the easy ordering/seating. The Thai chicken salad was just okay, but the Fontina burger was amazing. LOVED the strawberry lemonade , and the onion rings and garlic fries were to die for.
5	I went here with a friend and my toddler. We had amazing food for a great price. We got lucky and it wasn't packed. I love that they grow most of their food themselves. We walked around after in the Agritopia community gardens and is was so nice. I wish I could visit more often.
3	Overrated. This place is obviously unique scenery-wise. It is neat that they use local food that was grown around here. The burger is what I had. It was decent but didn't blow me away. I heard the chicken is good though. I would suggest not sitting outside unless you want flies all over you. (This could happen to be just this time of the year). The place is usually packed which may force you to sit outside.
4	I say, "Thai Chicken Salad," and "would go back if nearby."I thought the sign warning that anyone doing commercial photography would be charged with trespassing was strange. There must be a story here.
5	Unique place with FRESH food! Be prepared to order and pick up your own food then eat out in the picnic area. Indoor seating is available, but there's not much. The restaurant is right across from Agritopia - a farm, and they grow a lot of their own ingredients there. I always get a fresh date shake when I go - it's extra sweet, but yum!
2	When I first moved here 7 years ago, many of my coworkers raved about this place called "Joes Farm Grill", so I went after a few months of prodding. I've lived all over the country, and grew up in Texas, so I'm used to a good grill. This place feels like family and is very touristy, but overall, I have to say waiting in the line was not worth all the hype. I brought my parents here when they came to visit and they were impressed with the ambiance, but not the food as much. Because there are so few local places to eat in Gilbert, I think that's what makes it so popular. I also have to say, I was VERY disappointed to see a news crew when a political candidate came into town to speak there. Truthfully, I think it was rather alienating and politics should remain separate. I think Joes BBQ deserves the 5 stars!!
1	I live right by here and have heard all the hype on this place so me, my neighbor and my daughter just ate breakfast here. One word-OVERRATED. Beautiful grounds and scenery but I am rating just by the food, price, and atmosphere. Set up is a little confusing. You order from a window and seat yourself. I had no idea. Food is pricey and no fresh orange juice they sold Tropicana. Ordered for 2 adults and a child and it was $32.00. For breakfast. We ordered omelets, bacon, my daughter had kids French toast. Food so -so and it is not cheap. My daughter did not like the apple crisp bacon. I thought it was ok. Me and my friend both got omelets which were just ok. Came with a pita bread and salad and a side of fruit. utensils outside and flies everywhere including the inside. We cannot figure out the hype here. We would have had a better breakfast at The Good Egg.
5	I already loved Joe's but recently I accidentally ordered what I thought was a portobello mushroom sandwich, but it was actually a burger. (I'm a vegetarian) They switched out the meal for a veggie pizza with no fuss. Thanks Joe's!
5	Awesome food.  Everything we have had has been great!  We stop in several times on our trips to Arizona.  Unique dining experience.  Joes farm grill was featured on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives.
5	Great spot to sit and enjoy the outdoors while having dinner with family/friends. food is great a wide selection for any taste buds.
4	One of the first places I ate moving to Arizona a few mos back.. This is a hidden secret!!! Love the fried zucchini, the flat breads, the burgers and the fresh squeezed lemonade!! This place has a relaxed ambiance to it, except the tree outdoors warning of falling scorpions. They could also get the flies under control outdoors where you eat, not fun to deal with. Otherwise the place is amazing, fresh yummy ,healthy food!!!! Try it!!!!! Dont forget to peak at their very interesting decor in the restroom.. lol
4	This place is great. I've had a bunch of different menu items and each one is worth reordering. The garlic fries are great. In the winter time they have really pretty out door seating, there are nice areas to sit around, and a large tree for kids to climb. There isn't anything too faulty about this place but nothing that merits a 5 start rating. But it's one of those unique spots the are great for out of towners, and it never hurts to mention it was on TV.
5	Great food, fresh from the farm. These burgers are some of the very best anywhere. The BBQ Bacon Bleu Burger is my favorite in PHX. The weather from November - April is great and bing quite a crowd to enjoy the picnic benches outside. Expect a 45 minutes wait from the pop-up tents over the walk way on in.The BBQ chicken pizza is very good, we like to add pesto sauce as well.When available, the Butter Pecan Milkshakes are fantastic.Don't miss the French Fries which come in great varieties: garlic, sweet potato (with pineapple dipping sauce), and baked potato (all the baker toppings on top of fries)!The homemade onion rings were featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. They are extra crunchy and made from scratch.Since our family eats here a lot I like to mix things up by ordering other great menu items like the breaded green beans and the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.The Fried Zucchini is great, some people think the sauce is too acidic tasting but it depends on the season and the tomatoes used at the time.I love that Joe honored his childhood home by preserving it as a retro-futuristic cool establishment. Visit the bathrooms to see the full design details.
5	I really liked the atmosphere of this place. I went a couple of weeks ago and the weather was nice to sit outside. I wasn't really that hungry, so I had grill cheese. Even if I got something really simple, it was really good. The fries were really good too!Must go!
5	Great menu choices, delicious food, fun and comfortable atmosphere, and extremely nice employees! I highly recommend eating here. There is also a very nice cat who hangs out outside :)
3	Went there for the first time today. Cost $50 for three adults (we did upgrade our fries and all got burgers and drinks).  The garlic fries are good, but greasy. Onion rings were good, but I like my onions thinner (too much onion on these ones, but some are into that). My brother LOVED the sweet potato fries! Burgers were awesome! I love the buns they are on. Awesome portions for everything! The green beans were OK, but don't have a lot of taste to them, I wouldn't get them again.  I love the atmosphere and would come back for another burger.
5	Love the atmosphere of this place!Food: We had the FONTINA BURGER, GARLIC FRIES, and their SEASONAL SHAKE (BUTTER PECAN).  All of it was very delicious!  I love coming here, but hate the long lines.  But they do go quickly so don't mind making a trip out here once in a while!Service:  everyone was very friendly!
3	I can only give 3 stars due to the amount of flys and bugs that we constantly had to wave away from our food, and we even stayed inside. The food is more than 5 stars, and it does seem they are trying their best to combat the flys....Maybe their food is just that good that even the flys come from all over the valley to dine!
3	Had the tuna sandwich and it was just ok. I am comparing with Gotts in Napa and it is no comparison. The onion rings were good but I got them cold, but flavor and texture was good. Had the date shake which is seasonal and that was very tasty. Overall was a little disappointed. Maybe it was just a bad day.
5	Great food! Garlic fries are the best. Great burgers, pizza, shakes, everything is recommended at Joes!
5	I love going here, the food and atmosphere is great. No wonder Drive ins diners and Dives found it
5	Joe's really cares about their customers and their input.  I did receive an email shortly after my review and apologoized for my bad experience.  I will definitely be giving this place another try.  Five starts to them for listening.  Defintely an establishment for long term customers.
4	Did a project at agritopia and decided to eat here. The food was really good but it was pricey....but hey it is organic and local. Would come back.
5	There's much to love about Joe's. Quality is consistent, service is efficient, and the food is good, simple, and fresh. This is not the cheapest place to have lunch, but it's the best, and I'm all about their farm-in-the-city philosophy.Here are my highlights:1. The pesto chicken sandwich. I order it without the bun, so it comes heaped with crisp dark lettuce, tomato, fresh sauteed mushrooms, and enough (house-made!) pesto to cover every bite.2. The sweet potato fries with spicy-sweet pineapple dipping sauce. Never have healthy sweet potatoes tasted almost unhealthily delicious.3. The onion rings. Thick cut with rosemary herb panko makes them unique.As a side note, the HUGE tree next to the outdoor seating area is spectacular.
5	Love this place!!!!Awesome atmosphere great for the kids and as far as the food goes I love the giant shrimp basket and the farm burger. Gives you feeling of being out in the country even though your surrounded by sub divisions and freeways
4	We came here with my in-laws when they came to town. It was featured on Diner's, Drive-ins and Dives and they play the episode inside the place. Here you wait in line as you make your way up to the person taking orders. When you walk in be sure to grab a menu and you can peruse it while you wait in line. Once you get to the front there is a place to put your menu and you simply order your meal. You will be given a buzzer to alert you when your food is ready. The ingredients are very fresh and the food is good. This is also a very kid friendly place and noisy because of all the children. You can sit inside or outside on park benches. A very casual, low key place with decent breakfast of lunch food. Visited April 2012
3	Have been here 3 times and, honestly, I don't understand the fuss. Maybe because it was featured on diners, drive ins and dives? The food is good, but not smack your mama good. A fairly simple menus with family- friendly dining is what you'll get, nothing more, nothing less.
5	Good place for common food!!!. Ingredients tasted incredibly fresh for a dessert restaurant. LOVE the garlic fries. Nice view of the Superstition mountain. Be prepared to wait, everyone wants to try this delicious food.
4	Fresh, delicious meals straight from the farm! They have sandwiches, salads, shakes and ribs! I tried the BBQ Pork Sandwich and a oversized portion of onion rings. I was super full but couldn't say no to the best onion rings on the planet! My boyfriend order a full rack of ribs and finished the meal by licking his fingers clean. I liked the outdoor seating and view of the family farm. I know this restaurant has been approved by Guy Fieri of Diners Drive-ins and Dives, but just so you know it's Lauren Lizzle approved, as well.
5	Breakfast is awesome! I tried the 3B (buttermilk, blue cheese, bacon) pancakes the other day. Very interesting! Love all the fries! The ahi tuna sandwich or the pesto chicken sandwich are to die for...Stop over at the coffee shop next door for a cupcake.
3	Came here after hearing some positive reviews, reading Yelp reviews, and viewing the Diners, Drive-Ins and Drives segment.  It is indeed a "Farm to Table" experience in Gilbert.  Very nice area, and a very neat, well kept farm.  At least you know where the majority of what you're about to eat came from.  This part of the Phoenix metro area was all agricultural at one point.  As the borders of the city expanded, farmland got bought out and became residential areas.  There are small areas still located within these cities that are farmed, and this is one of them.My wife and I had the special "Double Swiss Mushroom Dijon Farm Burger".  It's not on their regular menu and we thought we'd give it a try.It was a decent burger, but not the best I've ever had.  Needed a little salt.  Can't say it was bad.  We had the onion rings, which is in their specially herbed Panko bread crumbs.  It was fair, but not particularly flavorful.  The fresh lemonade was a very good, tart lemonade.  I had the date shake.  Good, thick shake, but I tasted mostly vanilla--didn't get a whole lot of date flavor.It was Sunday at noon, so it was a good crowd.  We only had to wait 30 minutes though.  I have to say a good farm to table experience, and I'm glad the food is very fresh.  Service was just table busing.  You order your food at a window, sit at your table, and pick up once your buzzer goes off.I was hoping for more in terms of flavor though.
5	I love love love this place and take out of town visitors here when I have the chance. It's usually about $10 for a burger which is average amongst restaurants but the food is delicious!  The onion rings in the burger is a great touch too. Great place to eat and hang out!
5	My friends, the breakfast here is second to none. Try the apple fritters. They are heaven in your mouth. The only knock on this place is the location...2,000 miles from my place is too far.
5	Fresh!! Food is delicious it is always fresh and straight from the farm. I love the fontina burger with garlic fries! It gets busy if you're there right at noon or right at six. So go early to avoid the lines
5	The pretty grounds and the relaxed down-on-the-farm atmosphere make this a great place to have lunch outdoors.  The food is casual, tasty and the service friendly.  It is very popular so, you might prefer to go there on off-hours.
5	Always really love this screwy place & think it's worth the 66 mile round trip from my house.  Today I was joined by Mike C. & Jackie C. and my order was for a Fontina Burger which has 6 oz. of tasty beef, roasted & diced red peppers, grilled mushrooms, lettuce, tomato slices, pickle, onions, farm-made pecan pesto & fontina, whatever that is.  The important thing is that this burger was GREAT, & so were the fries (one of several side choices) that are included with the burger!     :-))Fontina Burger & Fries $9.49
3	Waiting in line for 1/2 an hr for cafeteria food is ridiculous I have tried to like this place but honestly very over rated They could really decrease the wait time by opening another window and getting customers seated would be a huge plus!!Yes it's a different experience but not a good one!I'm changing the 1 star rating to a 3 star only because we have been back here several times with people who insist and luckily we came on a tues at 8am so there are no lines! Food still okay at best but a 1 star may be unfair and I think 2 may be reserved for worse places also.I still will not be back at peak times to sit in long long lines
3	I had high expectations for JFG...they were mostly met. I took 1 star off for cost. In my mind my meal was 25% over priced. I had the famous (DDD) Ahi tuna sandwich with Onion rings ($2.50 upcharge). It was a big slab of tuna but was kinda flavorless, aside from tasting like it was cooked on the burger side of the grill. The onion rings were a bit greasy...they are deep fried after all but they were not K-Krunchtastic as Guy Fiery said.It was sunday at Noon and the line was out the door.They have indoor and outdoor seating which is nice this time of year but that leads me to the other star deduction. ...flies, pretty annoying. So for a touch over $20 for a sandwich & drink I won't be rushing back.
4	Yummy breakfast , love the outdoor seating when the weather is nice .  Long lines but it moves fairly fast
5	I would say this restaurant is one of those hidden treasures of the East Valley.  I actually heard about a customer appreciation day on the radio, so I just had to visit.  The line was about 1.5 hours long for a free burger, fries and soda - and it was certainly worth it.  I will definitely return soon!  Excellent food, great atmosphere, and great service - you just can't beat that!
4	Not bad, but not quite there. Great place for families with room for kids to run around out back. Pros: cool building and site, good menu selection, condiments on tap in the back (ranch, brown mustard, rooster, along with the normal things), fast service. Cons: food was ok, better than sonic but it was all a little off, lots of kids and young families ( there is seating around front that is quieter), food was mildly warm but not enough to still be so when you got to the end. I had: cheese burger with bacon (not thick or chrispy, but tasty still), grilled onions, real cheddar, but the burger wasn't too juicy (over cooked).  Liked the flame broiled and natural shape. Sweet potato fries were limp and luke warm, fried zucchini had a good batter, shape, and texture, sauce could use to be less chunky so you could eat it vs. just dip in juice. Over not bad for 13 bucks, could improve though.
5	Absolutely one of those places you need to experience. The lunch rush is a little bit of a hassle but more than worth it if you are looking for authentic american classics. Joe's onion rings are big circles of happiness so don't hold back on them!
5	This place is the bomb!  Love coming here during nice weather months where you can sit under a huge tree with shades...kinda like a nice picnic afternoon.  I usually get their chicken tenders with fries!  This is the best and juiciest tenders I've ever had.  It's panko fried tenders, so not too greasy.  Also had their burgers, fried zucchinis, salads, ahi sandwich...all delish!  Don't get the bbq stuff here.  Since I'm comparing it to their other resturant, Joes bbq, it's dry and doesn't taste as fresh.  To top it all their milkshakes are soooo good!  Especially the strawberry one.  You can taste small chunks of strawberries, which I love!  Plan on waiting in line during the busy lunch and dinner hours...especially on the weekends.  It's all worth the drive and wait!
3	I guess I need to try breakfast. Lunch didn't make a lasting impression. It wasn't bad but the hype made my expectations higher. I will say I was impressed with free burgers on customer appreciation day. WOW !
5	My absolute favorite is the salmon salad which I swap out the Caesar for the Farm salad with citrus vinaigrette. OMG. I'm in love! This place is great. They are always so friendly and helpful. And amazing cooks.
3	I went here based on the reviews i saw. Which almost all of them were 4 stars. The atmosphere was cute...especially if you have children who like to run around. I found the food to be okay. Nothing special, and really overpriced for what you get.
3	Well that was interesting. I had heard so much about this place, my parents were in town, like to try new and local so here we go. It is a walk-up window order system. Got there around 6 and the line was clear out the door. It took a really long time to get to the front because they just had one window open. 53 minutes later and a free milkshake later we get our food. Something got screwed up with our order. Ughhhhh. Why me...?Finally we eat. The fontina burger was delicious. Beet salad yummy. Sweet potato fries were average. Garlic fries, deelish. Oh and there are kids running around everywhere. Screaming and crying. Everywhere. So overall, food good... atmosphere and wait, not so much.
5	This was our first visit to Joe's.  There were 6 in our party and we all enjoyed our late lunch.  We had the B4 Burger, pulled pork sandwich, grilled chicken sandwich, salmon platter, grilled cheese sandwich & grilled cheese pizza. The food was excellent, especially the B 4 burger- cheddar cheese, blue cheese, onion ring & the best burger I have had in a long time! All of the sides were delicious as well.  The strawberry lemonade was the bomb!  Find a picnic bench under a tree and enjoy! What a relaxing way to spend the later part of the day!!
4	We were in the area so we decided to check out Joe's Farm Grill, a place we had heard so much about.In general, we all agreed that it was good. I would return if I was in the area, but I don't think I would make a special trip.The food seemed fresh. I had a grilled cheese sandwich. It was good but not the best I have had. Others in my party commented that there food was great.It is decent for kids if the weather is nice. Lots of outdoor seating with areas to walk/run and play. My kids enjoyed walking the grounds and seeing the parrots. One word of warning, however: choose your outdoor seating carefully. We didn't have a lot of options when we arrived. Our table, which was located under the big tree, was a target for bird poop! My brother was hit no less than three times! Take a look at your table before you sit down and see if there is evidence of birds.
4	Line is soooooo long.  Especially on the weekends.  They need more registers.  Staff tends to seem kind of burnt out all the time.  However, the atmosphere is great and the food is so fresh and delicious.  We love sitting outside under the big trees looking out on the farm.  It is kind of romantic and low key.
5	Another instance of hearing people talk about a place for years before I got there. I live in CenPho, and making the trek to Gilbert happens every few years for me. Until now. My boyfriend lives out there, so I am starting to check places out now.I love the Farm. The restaurant itself reminds me of the architecture of a drive-in snack bar. It's wide open with a lot of glass. There is a long, family-style table in the main room. There is another room off that, and a ton of picnic tables outside.I had a burger with garlic fries. I still think of those fries! My burger was cooked perfectly, as I like my meat rare.My favorite parts, though, were the root beer floats, and the bathrooms. You make your own root beer floats. They give you the cup with the soft-serve ice cream in it, and you go over to the pop machine and add as much as you want. So cool!I really want to take the tour they offer here. I grew up in the country, and after living in the city for 11 years, it's quaint for me and reminds me of home. (Upstate NY)
5	the breakfast potatoes omg.
5	This place is a GEM! Its a grill, every bit what I remember as a child, but ridiculously awesome food. The pizza was amazing, probably the best burgers I have had in my life, fresh squeezed lemonade was to die for. I cannot believe I have driven right past this place for so many years!
4	My family of very picky eaters, including a gourmand snob, found this restaurant at the top of our Yelp search. We were there for dinner around 6:30 and found a substantial line to order, which moved with satisfying speed. The food is ordered and picked up at a window like fast food, but is more like a gourmet restaurant. We had the hamburger and the chicken sandwich. Both were juicy and flavorful, the chicken marinated and tender. The setting included a lot of trees, very pleasant. Check out the bathrooms for a giggle.
5	Fantastic setting, great food...such a cool local spot! Would for SURE have to take anyone there from out of town. Outside seating, farm fresh and organic food, nice staff, great breakfast! You order first, then sit, they give you your pager and then you grab everything you need and by that time your food is ready! Love this place!!!
4	I have been coming back here several times since I moved to AZ. It is family friendly and very clean. I tried Ahi-tuna sandwich, Joe BBQ burger and Grilled chicken sandwich. The Ahi-tuna sandwich is pretty decent! It is served with special dressing. The burger and the other sandwich are average quality. As the consumer, I like Joe Farms Grill because it serves the decent quality veggies and provides you the heathy choice; you can choose the side when you purchase burger or sandwich. Also, it is budget friendly dining area because it is designed as the self service restaurant(no waitress/waiter)
3	So I come to Az several times a year. Being from Chicago, where we have the best restaurants in country, it's hard to find GOOD food. I would give their food 5 stars, but their service and cleanliness no stars!!! I was there last night with my wife and we ordered the food. It was cool outside so we sat inside, but we could not find a clean table. When I asked one of the girls if she could wipe down some of the tables, she reached under the count and pulled out a towel from a bucket of water and handed it to me! I was so stunned, I did wipe the table. The floor is littered with paper napkins and food! There was a half slice of piece of bread under our table. Now our order was done, except I ordered ribs, they where good and pork combo. They ran out of pork, so the same girl who handed me the rag, told me they are making more andShe will bring it out to me. She never did. Regardless of how good the food is here, in Chicago, the city would shut this place down for uncleaniness. hope the owner reviews this and addresses these problems, as the food was very good and has the possibility of being an excellent place it managed properly.
4	Joe's Farm Grill is charming.  The outside setting is awesome....picnic tables everywhere and seating inside as well.  Although I felt like I was in school waiting in the cafeteria line to order my food, it took a little while to get my order in but the food was worth the wait.  The menu options are great from burgers to grilled pizza's and awesome salads I was very impressed and had a hard time choosing what to get.  I chose the farmer because while waiting in line saw so many go by....I couldn't help myself.  I was thinking salad, salad, salad.  The farmer burger was delicious!  Please note they do not serve beer or wine or they would get a 5 star rating.Enjoy!
2	Used to be very, very good, but lately quality, consistency and service seem to have slipped.    Today We ordered two burgers and a pizza.  After waiting a long while and seeing lots of folks who ordered after us getting their food (including burgers and pizza) I went to to the pick up window where I could see the burgers and fries sitting and cooling while waiting for the pizza.    After several more minutes when the pizza finally made its appearance I asked for and got fresh fries but the burgers were now barely warm and not very enjoyable.  One we had ordered "not pink" was decidedly pink. On a previous visit I ordered a Chicken Ciabatta which was edible only after I scrapped off mounds of raw garlic and went back to get additional marinara sauce so it wasn't so dry.We used to be huge fans, but if this had been our first visit it certainly would have been our last.  Pretty sad, considering how excellent it used to be.  Somebody needs to be paying attention to what is going on in the kitchen. Can't recommend it these days.
5	This place is fantastic. I've been here for brunch and lunch, and the food is always really good and really fresh. Most recently, I had waffles and bacon. So. Good. The location and ambiance are also great. I like to think of it as the quintessential Gilbert restaurant: family friendly, with that farm atmosphere. There's plenty of outdoor seating, and it feels like you're eating at the park or in someone's spacious backyard. Across the street there are some community gardens that I recommend strolling through.
3	I don't understand all the hype around this place. Yes it was on TV, but so what? Each time I go I am disappointed by something. For example, the salmon is typically undercooked and lacking seasoning. I love salmon so I tried it a few times hoping it would improve, but it didn't. Last time, instead of salmon I ordered a grilled wedge salad. It was covered in oil which made it inedible. They also almost always mess something up in our take out order. Usually it is something small like giving us regular fries instead of garlic fries, but hey, we pay extra for the garlic! It is frustrating.  In my opinion, the food at the Coffee Shop next door is much better.
5	One of the best restaurants in the East Valley! Literally, love everything, but my favorite:  Portobello Mushroom Sandwich! omgosh!!
5	Fontina burger is where it's at. The BBQ chicken salad is pretty tasty as well. It's a great family place but is also an easy and quick date night for young couples. My boyfriend and I have been here a couple of times together and it's always consistent and delicious!
4	Great atmosphere, better food. Cool setting for any occasion and did I mention the food is great. Had a good burger, chili dog bomb, pizza solid and breakfast menu is great. Worth the hype!
5	Absolutely incredible this place is. The food is so fresh they grow it mostly on the farm there. Sashimi grade tuna sandwich was out of this world. Great place to bring out of town guests.
5	This place is amazing, the food is truly straight off the farm. It is so fresh and you can actually see where they grow the food. It takes a bit to get your food, that's because you use them prep and actually make your food, instead of it being pre-made processed crap. I will defiantly becoming back soon!
3	Ok, so Joe's Farm Grill has amazing food.  No question about it.  However, five-star-food is quickly becoming a diminished three-star experience as I have now stood in line for 45 minutes while coming to realize they have not even decided to open the second register.   I find it rude.  Please, Farm Grill respect your customers by opening another register.  That is poor planning on your part.
1	Food not worth the wait. Stood in line for 50 minutes just to order. Saw the (presumably) owner headed out for the day stop and chat with some people in front of us in line. Mentioned just how busy they have been. Saw the obviously long line and didn't do anything to address the situation. Yep, the entire time only one of their two order windows was open. One.  I guess I'm the sucker and the joke's on me.
5	Good burgers, fresh ingredients from the Agritopia garden. Anything with their homemade blue cheese sauce or barbecue is amazing! The Dog Days of Summer hot dogs are very good -- just wish you could get them year round.
1	Fast food quality, with high end restaurant wait times.My wife and I live near downtown Phoenix/Mid Town, so when people give us restaurant recommendations to trendy spots, we love to check them out. This place was horrendous. First of all the wait, when we went, there was a line, we later discovered the reason for the line was they had one person on the register. Even though the owner was out shaking hands and getting ready to leave, the second register was never opened. By the time we got to order, 50 minutes had passed and we got to the point of where "maybe" the food quality may make up for the horrible wait.Nope! It took about 5 minutes to actually get our food, so the issue wasn't food prep, it was just the horrible logistics of this business. I ordered a farm burger, medium with bacon and cheese. What I got resembled something that had been marinated in grease for about 12 years then under cooked and served on a delicious bun, but 2 minutes into the meal the bun resembled a soggy rag. The fries had a weird taste to them, I ended up not eating my meal. My wife got through about half of her burger before she complained about the greasiness.I put the burger quality on par with an in-and-out, smash burger, five guys style burger. However, would you wait 30+ minutes for one of those? No, so I will never return here and I will chalk up all of the recommendations for this place to, suburb folks that have never experienced real dining.
5	Food was soo good.  The hot dog "snapped" when bitten into.  Te burger was juicy and the onion rings were crispy.
5	Fresh everything makes this a great stop to eat for the entire family. If the line up is long when you arrive, take a menu, chose your food and soon enough it will be your turn to order. As I eat "clean" I was worried that this looked like a fast food place and that I would not be able to find anything to eat. I was pleasantly surprised how much there was for me! The beet salad was delicious! Portions are plentiful and there is something for everyone. Well worth the wait!
5	This little jewel is not to be missed. Their food is fresh and tastes like what you wish you could have on family picnics and barbecues - simple, delicious, and filling! I had a hard time choosing something because I wanted everything they offered. I had a great time sharing plates with my friends and sighing after every bite (no joke). The food is the staple to a restaurant, but here at Joe's, the environment is as well. The decor is fresh and modern, yet feels completely unintruding. If it's nice outside, sit near the huge trees and then take a walk by the garden nearby. In general, this place is full of happy, and I felt like a kid eating at a banquet. My favorite part? It might sound a little weird, but the bathrooms are the coolest. Expect a few surprises when you walk inside.
5	I came here almost a year ago but never wrote a review. This place serves hot, fresh food. They grow the food on the land behind the restaurant. It was so good that I went back multiple times to try different items on the menu. It's a bit of a drive from Tempe but I think it's worth the drive.
2	the concept is great - farm to table, but I wasn't impressed. I think it's overrated, maybe because Guy Fieri visited there for Diners, Drive Ins and Dives, but what does he know? he wears his sunglasses on the back of his head. Super long wait time and all of our food was cold. booooo
5	Gave them another try and whatever had gone wrong in the recent past has certainly been addressed. I tried the lamb burger which was absolutely delicious.  It NEEDS to be on the menu permanently!  My wife's farm burger was perfect.  The line was long, but you can't fault them for being popular.  Once we placed our order the food was ready promptly and was fresh and hot.
5	I got lucky because the Lamb Burger was a special. It was absolutely the best burger I have ever had in my entire life. The meat was tender and seasoned perfectly, but unlike a regular hamburger it had a lightness and savoriness that was unique. I had the side caesar salad which was just lathered with delicious caesar dressing. A bit too much dressing for me but still tasty. I also tried the garlic fries which smelled amazing and tasted even better. I do NOT eat onion rings, but I couldn't resist trying theirs and boy, they were awesome. Finally, my boyfriend had the Ahi Tuna Sandwich which was worth the trip on it's own. Take the drive...it's well worth it!
4	I always enjoy dining at Joe's Farm Grill. The quality of ingredients is obvious. My personal favorites are the Fontina Burger and the Chicken Pesto Sandwich. The beef and chicken are flavorful and not dry. If the weather permits, eat outside. I do like eating indoors, but it's hard to find a seat sometimes, and the flies fly in every time someone opens the outside doors.
4	Good food, decent prices, the only low point is that u have to be ready to wait about 20-30 min until you can order the line is always super long. The upside to that is that the food is awesome.
1	What a waste of time!  Horrendous line on Saturday evening 2/15/2014, a few minutes over an hour standing outside then in a crowded lobby.  One order taker, and that's all there could be because there is only one window to order...another window where you pick up your food.  So, a long wait would possibly worth it if, and I mean IF, the food was good.  The Farm Burger was absolutely nothing to write home about.  5 Guys, Habit Burger and In and Out Burgers are dramatically better than Joe's Farm Burger.  The lamb burger was so rich, it caused my wife stomach distress for two days after.  The full rack of ribs was dry and the sauce was non-exceptional.  Garlic fries were garlicky, too much so and the onion rings were just onion rings, nothing new or better.  Sitting outside in the evening was chilly--they do not offer heat lamps.  Prices are on the high side, especially considering the quality of the food.  I have no idea at all why people wait in line for an hour or more to eat this food.  Just because Guy Fieri visited the place does not a great dining experience make.  Joe's Farm Grill is a phenomenon way past it's time.  Even if you live in Gilbert near the restaurant, you would be better served to find another hamburger or rib shack.
5	This place is delicious, period. Awesome atmosphere, great place to hang out outside. Fresh food from the farm. It's  no little pricey, but it's worth it if you can spend a little more on lunch, very reasonable compared to a lot of places that have really good food. It won't let you down. Go here and try it for yourself
3	Joes is overpriced and overrated. It's also not worth the ridiculously long line it ALWAYS has. I live across the street and the line is out the door for any regular meal time. Their food is fine, and the atmosphere is fun, but I don't feel it's worth the price or the wait. The best thing to get there is the breakfast. The prices for those are not too bad, and you get a ton of food. Pancakes rival cracker barrel. If you go on a weekday morning, the wait isn't too bad for breakfast.
5	I had been here once before and remember having a great burger. Wanted to go healthier this time so I ordered the Wild Salmon Plate (ok, not so healthy on the fries) and a Farm Salad to share with a friend. The salmon was delicious- perfectly cooked and seasoned. I upgraded to garlic fries. These also were seasoned perfectly- one of my new favorite places for garlic fries! The salad is large, fresh, and light with a tangy balsamic vinaigrette dressing (or your choice of several others). Overall a fantastic experience! -As a pregnant lady, it would be nice if there was more than two single-stall bathrooms...but not a huge deal.
5	This place has the best bbq chicken pizza and garlic fries! The only downfall is that it is so far away from Tempe. I have yet to find a better place to eat at a reasonable price. You must try it and I promise you won't regret it! Can't wait to see you again joe's farm grill!!!!
3	I do like this place, but I think it's received a lot of hype over being on the diners and drive-in show.  If you go on peak hours you're almost waiting 20-30 mins in line.  In most cases when I drive by the line is out the door 30 people deep.  The best thing on the menu for me is the ahi tuna burger.  Everything else is meh.
4	Went here on a whim, after hearing such positive reviews. The line to get in was ridiculously long and we waited about 30 minutes before we got to order, but the food came up really quickly after that. Downside: it's pretty pricey and the burger that I got (Southwest) was actually a little bland. But everyone else in my party got BBQ and said it was awesome. I tried their garlic fries too and they were really good - very garlicky but what else would you expect? All in all, I'd come here again but order something different. And be prepared to stand in that long line!
4	Really cool concept- they use local ingredients (some picked right outside of their front door). We went for breakfast and had the a) meat and potatoes and b) chicken and mushroom scrambles. These were BIG portions, so bring your appetite.
5	Excellent choices of salads and burgers with a twist. Also tender ribs and dogs and also pizza. Excellent sauces on everything and big portions. Casual indoor or outside garden/ lawn seating.
5	I love this place. The food, the location, the backstory of how it came to be. Fontina Burger!
5	Great atmosphere with the outside seating areas on picnic tables. It was a very relaxing dining experience. The onion rings were crunchy and great tasting. The sweet potato fries were also very good. Our party ordered pizza for the kids (ate every last bite), the Fontina Burger (very good pesto); the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, and the Grilled Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwich. Nobody wanted to share so that means everything was good. I will plan on ordering the Grilled Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwich to share among everyone next time. The seasonal Butter Pecan Shake was great also.
4	Don't go if you're in a rush! Great food but horribly long wait every time. I enjoy the outside seating and love that dogs are welcome at the picnic tables. They only make enough pizza dough for the day so get there early if you want to give it a try!
5	Imagine a farm, now image the stuff that grows in the farm being served to you as you sit overlooking the farm.  That's Joe's.  Excellent food, and they have a guy that walks around explaining food and the history.  Try not to talk to him, you'll end up buying half the menu, but he is very knowledgeable and his recommendations are spot on!  Oh be aware that the wait times are super long, we waited about 30 minutes just to order, than another 15 to get food. I took a walk through the farm at that point.Ahi-Tuna - Excellent tuna, cooked rare, just the right amount of sauce to give it taste without being overwhelming of the fish.Fried Fish - served on that Friday, I think it's seasonal?  Very well cooked fish, good tartar sauce as well.Strawberry Lemonade, there's lots of chunks of strawberry. It's perfectly sweetened and sour at the same time. Fried Green Beans - pretty good, could have done without them thoughLamb Burger - it was the last day they were offering this, very well cooked mid-rare burger, great tazaki sp? sauce.  My favorite out of this and the Tuna.Onion Rings - herb encrusted - I think it's a bit overpoweringButter Pecan Shake - oooh man this was sooo goodd. One of the most amazing shakes I have had in my life.Tid Bit - If it's the day of your birthday you get $10 off!
4	Love this place, we went in during the breakfast/ lunch transition, a bit slow. The food was delicious, my favorite is the BBQ  chicken pizza! French fries are yummy too! Farm Burger is good, could use more seasoning.
5	This is one of my husband's favorite restaurants and we love that we can eat outdoors here.  The menu has a lot of great food and the quantities are large, so often my husband and I will split one thing and get either onion rings or the garlic fries.  We love their BBQ Chicken Pizza, too.  Any of their burgers and salads that we've tried are good.  So yummy.  And, they are always so friendly.  That is why there is often a long line to get into the place.  Even though, the line does move quickly.This is a great place for the family to eat and for dates with my husband with the kids.    The food is delicious.  The ribs are cooked differently than Joe's Real BBQ, but they are delicious nonetheless.  The atmosphere, surroundings of Joe's is also very comforting and peaceful.  We love Joe's Farm Grill.  And it's not too far from where we live either!
5	I love this spot. Such a great place to sit outside in some nice weather, surrounded by greenery and trees, which is a nice break from the desert landscape, and enjoy some AMAZING food.
5	This is one of our favorite lunch spots on a Sunday. We love to bring the kids and sit outside enjoying the weather. Everything on the menu is farm fresh and grown in the garden close to the grill! Highly recommend the chicken pesto burger and sweet potato fries, yum!
5	This is one of those local restaurants where you know you can bring out-of-towners to that is sure to impress!  The restaurant is built out of the owner Joe Johnston's 1960's childhood home (renovated of course!).  The bathrooms feature kitschy glass box displays of vintage Barbies and GI Joes.  It's a really cool space!  You order at the register, are given a vibrating pager, and can choose to sit inside or outside under the trees overlooking the Agritopia urban farming fields.  The vibe is super relaxed, patio dog friendly, and most of the vegetables are freshly picked from the aforementioned Agritopia fields -- as fresh and local as produce could possibly get!  The place has even been featured on the Food Network.Food-wise, everything here is good.  Great pizzas (I love the veggie one), burgers, (once again, I'm a fan of the veggie burger), fries (regular, garlic, and sweet potato -- yum!), salads, strawberry lemonade, date shakes...the list goes on.Side Note: Come here on your birthday and get $10 towards your meal (you can also do this at Joe's other 2 local restaurants -- Liberty Market and Joe's Real BBQ if you're up for the challenge!).
4	Location on the actual farm...now thats farm fresh.  Very casual, Very clean.  Food is the typical Dinner experience but its nice to know that Joe's farm grill makes the effort to use farm fresh products whenever possible.  My husband loved the pancakes.  You can tell the cakes are from scratch rather than a mix, plus, they are griddle fried,  not just cooked brown on both sides (if you know what I'm talking about then you know how much of a difference it makes) and they use real maple syrup without having to ask.you can also tell the eggs are higher quality than grocery store eggs...score.It will be interesting to come out and have dinner during a time of year when more farm produce is in season.  I look forward to harvest time!
5	Love this place! Can't wait to come back. The line gets crazy long. We arrived at 4:45 with no wait in line. By 5:00 the line was out the door! The portobello mushroom sandwich is delicious! The atmosphere is nice with lots of outdoor space to sit. Beautiful trees and surrounding farm. We will be back next time we come to the East valley.
5	This place is a must go when my family is in town. They have awesome burgers and some good barbecue selections.My favorite is the southwest burger with a side of onion rings. My boyfriend is a big fan of their date shakes.The style of the restaurant is that you stand in line to order, then find a table and wait with your buzzer for food. Then you go pick up your food when it is ready. So, it is a pretty casual atmosphere.They also offer breakfast that is apparently pretty good. I've never gone myself, but my visiting family members have and they have enjoyed it.
5	Excellent as always. I tried the onion rings this time and they were crazy good! The wedge salad is my all time favorite. I love the casual feel of the place and appreciate the freshness and elevation of the food.
5	I love this place! I brought my father here when he was in town visiting. He loved it so much that we came back again just a couple days later. He had the Thai Chicken Salad and the Grilled Salmon Platter. He loved both. I had the Farm Chicken Sandwich and Farm Burger with blue cheese. The sweet potato fries are a must. Great, relaxing atmosphere, able to sit outside overlooking community farming plots, organic and delicious food.
5	Hands down best burger joint I've been too. There's nothing I've tried that I didn't like. I LOVE 4B Burger and my wife usually gets the Fontina Burger with a gluten free bun and extra pesto. Don't miss out on choosing  from 4 different kinds of fries or grab their famous onion rings!
2	This place is good just not all that great. Hard to find parking and a very long wait for fast food quality items. Just because the restaurant is on a farm doesn't mean it is all organic or high quality. Mormon central thats for sure! so be prepared to be overwhelmed with large families and children running all over the place
5	Finally got to try this place. Living in ahwatukee it was never quite convenient since I was in Gilbert on a Friday at lunch I knew there'd be a line, and there was... so expect to wait at least 30 to 40 minutes before you actually get your food. Is it worth 30 or 40 minutes? yes!Friendly, helpful service.The BBQ Chicken Pizza was smoky, tangy and sweet--deelish!
5	The food was great, the atmosphere is fun and the people who work there are the best. They have awesome customer service. My wife ordered fish and when our order was ready they informed me that her meal was overcooked and it would take a little longer. We were happy to wait and I was impressed that they didn't serve us the overcooked fish. When her food was done, I picked it up and they gave me a gift card with the price of her dish on it. This was not the first time we've eaten there but it was the first time our order was not perfect and not only did they fix it, they paid for it. It was a great experience and the food is excellent.
5	love this place. I discovered it b/c it's next to cosmo  dog park. This place is an oases in the center of the desert if you like to get that country feeling with greenery, trees and chirping birds. The food is awesome. The burgers are amazing.  The weekends are crowded so if you can go during the week, it's much more relaxing. Wish i can live in this development called Agritopia which is attached to the farm. Lovely farm feeling. Love it!
5	This is one of my favorite places to go. their fried green beans are a must have. Also, if you want to try something really different, they have a Grilled Peanut Butter & Banana Split sandwhich that is pretty freaking amazing.  The burgers are super juicy and are automatically done as medium i believe. You have to request if you want it rarer or more done.The workers have all been pretty amazing and the outside sitting area is pretty great. It can get VERY busy so be prepared for a possible wait. Especially on their fish fry fridays!! But definitely go and try them out!!
5	Love this place, one of our absolute favorites for breakfast or lunch! Fresh ingredients and great outdoor dining. We like taking our out of town visitors :)
5	We live in Agritopia and walk to Joe's frequently. The onion rings are some of the best I've ever had, and my wife is all over the fontina burger and sweet potato fries. You really can't go wrong with any burger, but I love the farm chicken sandwich. A lot of people like the BBQ chicken pizza and oddly enough the beet salad is really good, and even though my wife and kids are haters about the beet salad, I order it virtually every time. If you want a cool, unique vibe, with unbelievable food and a great outdoor setting for kids to run around and play...you can't beat this this place! Side note: everyone else in Gilbert knows this place kills it so from October-April plan on waiting about 30 in lone to order if you show between 5:45-7:00pm.
4	Excellent food and well worth the wait in line. The food was very tasty. Plenty of unique options on menu to order. There is both indoor and outdoor eating options. More room outside on picnic benches. Very reasonable prices and good food. We will be back.
4	The only thing that is keeping me from giving this place a 5 star is that the lines are way too long. I first heard of this place through watching Food Network on Guy Fieri's show, 'Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives'. The onion rings that were featured on the show looked absolutely delicious. I also liked that the place was not too far from my house and everything they had came from their own farm- hence the name.Upon arriving to the location, it was near a suburban community and right next to a little farm where you can pick your own vegetables. I was surprised at how green and cookie-cutter perfect the neighborhood was. There also appeared to be a lot of people since the paved parking was full and I had to go to the dirt lot. The place looked popular enough, so it couldn't kill to pave that parking space.The architecture of the place seemed really funky, but fitting for the scenery. A huge downside though was that I came at the lunch rush so there was a line that spread all the way to the outside of the restaurant. That was my first indication that the place must be really good. However, after waiting 20 minutes, I was starting to doubt if it was worth it.Boy was I in for a treat. I decided to order their 'Farm Burger' with bacon and mushrooms, which was an extra dollar for both and their infamous onion rings. Looking at how pricey things were getting, I opted for just a water cup. I was given a buzzer to notify me when my food was ready. I had the choice of sitting inside or eating outside, and I chose sitting outside since it was a nice day. On the side of the restaurant is a counter where you can get all your drinks, condiments, and dipping sauces. There was even a hand washing station where I could wash my hands, which was a huge plus.I decided to sit underneath the huge tree in the middle. Once I was settled, I was happy to find that my buzzer was beeping and I could go get my food. Once I got my food. I realized that for the money I was paying, I was given huge portions. I put the vegetables that was separated in the burger and took a bite. Let me say that this was probably one of the next burgers I have ever tasted. Juices were running down my hands so you know it was good. I couldn't get enough of it. Finally once I got off my momentary food high, I took a bite out of one of my onion rings. I was pleasantly surprised to enjoy what seemed like Rosemary in the seasoning. I savored every bite to the last crumb.Overall, it was a great experience. I want to come back and try their other burgers. They always seem to have a special everyday, so I want to try that one day as well. I highly recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a great family-friendly restaurant and fantastic burgers and onion rings.
5	Haven't had a bad experience yet!  The line can get long, but that's a sign that they are doing well.  The line was the longest part.  Once we ordered, it took less than 10 minutes to get our food.  So from getting in line to getting our food was 40 minutes.  Not bad for a Saturday evening dinner.The onion rings are out of this world.  Crispy, flavorful, and the onion actually stays inside the ring when you take a bite out of it.  Definitely a family favorite!  Highly recommend.
5	My girlfriend and I came hire for the first time. The line was long to get in, the food was well worth the wait. I would recommend ordering the cheesecake first. The cheesecake was what I would say is the best I've ever had
2	Used to eat here often, especially since it has outdoor seating and is family friendly. The Fontina Burger and Tuna Burger were our favorites. We stopped going here after we saw that Joe's hosted a fundraiser for a local Tea Party candidate that featured none other than the Queen of Mean herself--Sarah Palin. So this may bolster Joe's reputation for those of you who love Right-Wing politics, but for us, it was a huge turn-off. We would rather spend our money on local businesses who put their funds into Progressive candidates or simply back into the community.
4	This place has great food and a fun atmosphere.  We love taking friends and family that visit is from out of town.  There is indoor and outdoor seating too.  The line can be very long and slow at times, but the food is worth the wait.  Make sure to get a milk shake.  They often have unique flavors during the different seasons, like pumpkin, strawberry, banana, etc.
4	Love this place. Spent both Saturday and Sunday there. All self serve but it works and the food is fresh and the veggies are grown onsite. Veggie pizza was pretty amazing but the fontina burger left me craving yet another visit!
2	I don't know why so many are crazy for this dive.  I have eaten lunch there many times when working in the area.  The food is good, but not remarkable.  The line to get in the place is insane - way too long and way too slow - which is the reason for my 2-star rating.  I've yet to find a restaurant worth waiting this long in line for - this one included.  The decor is definitely low class dump.  The dining room is packed at lunch, often with screaming kids.  There is seating outside, but the Arizona summer makes this downright dangerous.  Joe's is best if can do an early lunch and I mean EARLY.  Getting there at 1130 doesn't cut it.  Try 1045 or 1100 unless you like wasting your lunch hour standing in a line out the front door.  Eat there if you must, but there are many other better options within a couple of blocks.
5	I cannot write enough positive comments for this place! We have been here countless times! The food is fantastic and the atmosphere is fun and unique! LOVE LOVE LOVE!
3	Food was pretty good, but the service was terrible! 45 minutes in line just for a couple of (pretty tasty) burgers and fries. There was a line out the door at 11 on a saturday morning, and they only had one window open. You could see from the line that the cooks were often standing and doing nothing because they were only taking one order at a time. Overall, 2 stars for the service, 4 stars for the food.
5	Excellent breakfast and a fun place to go with kids! We have only ever had breakfast here, and on their breakfast menu the waffles amazing! The breakfast tacos and scramble bowls are excellent too.
5	Great food and even better desserts. Prices are reasonable and food portions are the perfect size. They find the seats for you so no need to worry about the long lines.
5	Great food..Good place for the family..My kids really like it..
4	I went today for lunch. First time and the experience was very comfortable. I had their 6oz burger with cheese grilled onions bacon and avocado. The bun was warm and toasty.  Big portion with fresh veggies. Delicious. The side of fries were a light and crispy.  Atmosphere was very welcoming. We sat outside on a great day with plenty of shaded areas. The only thing I can criticize would be we had to shoo flies away from us constantly. Easy fix though because you can just eat inside. Definitely going back.
5	Great food, great atmosphere! Very kid friendly, we bring out family here all the time.
5	We had a tour here and the manager Clayton was awesome! The food was great and the customer service was excellent. I had the pork tenderloin sandwich.
5	I had the BBQ chicken salad here. I know what. You're thinking, right, "oh it's just a salad, nothing to get excited about". Well strap in because it was exciting, and delicious! Their veggies are so fresh (I liked the sweet corn in there) and the chicken was nice and tender, with their BBQ sauce which was also really good. My husband got the BBQ chicken pizza that Guy ate when he visited and really enjoyed it as well. It was also nice to sit outside and eat there, it felt like we were back home in Wisconsin instead of sitting in the middle of the desert! We would definitely return.
5	Amazing food very farm fresh just make sure you are prepared to wait in line if you go during prime time on the weekends. I have never had a bad meal!
5	I found out about this place watching diners, drive ins, and dives and when I moved out here my wife and I had to try it. We got the Fontina Cheese Burger which was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. The pesto chicken sandwich was delicious if you love pesto. The onion rings were the best I've ever had. You must go if you live in the area. You won't be disappointed.
5	I normally come for the Coffee Shop's cupcakes, but today Joe's was the stop. I ordered the Sonoran Dog and and Carolina dog. Both were excellent. The pulled pork on the Carolina dog was perfect texture and the BBQ sauce was very good. The onion rings were soooo good. Dill seemed like an odd seasoning but tasted awesome. They stayed hot crunchy and you could tell they were cooked in fresh oil.
2	Some people must not get out much. Don't get me wrong, good was good. Enjoyed the fresh ingredients. The line. Why have 2 windows, but have one closed at dinner time on a weekend? That's ridiculous. Is it good?...yes. Is it amazing?....noIs it worth standing in line for.....ehEverything seemed to lack flavor. It was good, but expected a little more spices and flavor. Healthy food doesn't have to be bland. I shouldn't have to dunk my sandwich in ketchup to add some flavor.
5	The atmosphere alone is worth the visit.  It's a picnic hotspot, only they take care of all the food!  Oh and the food is incredible!
5	I went here for my birthday after hearing about it on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and it is very delicious. I love the food here, especially the Southwest burger and grilled pizzas. Not to mention the atmosphere is family-friendly and carries a good vibe. I plan on returning there again for my next birthday lunch!
3	Joe's has good food but the price is a little steep for what you get considering there is no wait staff. You stand in line to order your food and then have the option to sit inside or out. If the weather is nice, I recommend sitting outside. The food was pretty good. I had a burger but like I said, a bit overpriced for what it is.
5	I am SO in love with the banana split sandwich!! Great food. Great service. Indoor and outdoor seating.
5	We ate here with our two kids a few days ago.  My wife had been here before, but I had not.  I loved the food.  I had the BBQ bacon burger, my wife had a simple grilled cheese, and my oldest son had corn dog bites.  We all loved our food.  The food wasn't the best I've ever eaten, but I liked that the restaurant was different than your normal restaurant.    Really enjoyed ourselves.  Will be back.
3	Excellent selection,One of the best bbq chicken pizzas I've ever tasted, Delicious fried green beans,Very friendly bunch of kids they have working there..They just have to do something about the flies. There were hundreds of them.They'll eat your food if you're not careful. My grandma almost went Super Saiyan on the dang things!Don't take a date or your grandma here, get takeout instead. They have a picture of Guy Fieri on the wall and even he's swattin them flies away.
2	We have been here many times before and LOVED it. Today however was not as great as our previous visits the food still awesome, the people working friendly but they had a awful fly situation going on that made my mom and I totally lose our appetites. Hope they fix it ASAP!
2	Food was good, no doubt. We visited twice and tried a wide variety of items. All of them tasty and well prepared.  But the prices are ridiculously high for what you get. The indoor seating area was pretty bad. Fairly messy and dirty. And the constant fight against the swarms of flies made eating here a chore rather than a pleasure. Outside seating looks better, but when it's 110 degrees out, inside is the only option. The cafeteria style ordering system was very slow and seems very inefficient.  It's  unlikely we will visit again even though the food was quite tasty.
5	Awesome place. Visited from California... wish we had something like this place here. Got the fontina burger one day and the BBQ Chicken pizza the next. The "grilled" pizza has an awesome charred taste.Wish I could have tried the apple fritters but I walked up to the counter at 11:01 and they had stopped serving breakfast. They should really serve those all day long.
3	I've been here twice. Pretty inconsistent IMO. The first time food was awesome, second time it was very greasy. Also, pretty expensive. 27 bucks for 2 burgers and sodas is a little steep for a non sit down restaurant that isn't in Manhattan.
1	Did not like the food, pancakes not cooked through, counter service for breakfast. This place was horrible!  Won't be back
4	Joe's offers some extremely delicious items. Some of the ones I've tried include the Fontina Burger, jumbo shrimp, and Southwest Burger.I'm giving it four stars instead of five due to some so-so menu items and a preference for a different type of ordering and seating.
5	This is one of my favorite places for fresh real food! Every time I come here, I always get the same thing because it's my favorite salad ever. I get the grilled portabella mushroom farm salad...and usually with a side of sweet potato fries. The salad is full of all different textures and flavors that blend well together to make such a delicious salad! Being a BIG fan of sweet potato fries, they by FAR have some of the best! You know when somewhere is absolutely fantastic when you regularly crave their food!
5	We love Joe's Farm Grill!! I've had the Fontina Burger twice now and it is delicious! I love sitting outside under the big trees. There is a fun feeling about this place. The fries here are not my favorite, so I like to get a side Caesar salad instead at no charge!
2	I have no idea what the big deal is about this place. The lines to get food belie the complete mediocrity of it. They should have stopped at 'Common Food...' in their motto. I ordered the grilled veggie omelet and was so underwhelmed that I was more fascinated by the fact that I'd never seen a grapefruit tree before. Now THAT was awesome. It was overpriced and underflavored. I would go back and try other things, but I don't do heart attack food that well and I eat mostly vegetarian so I guess I'll never be back. Oh well.
5	Finally made it out to Joe's and LOVED it! Everything was so fresh.. and the 'serve yourself' condiment/drink station is set up nicely and conveniently. I ordered the Southwest Burger, and it was tasty! They've got plenty for everyone and lots of outside seating (when it's not too hot) :) Will return!
5	Everything at this place is wonderful.  Honestly though, if I haven't come by recently then I can't avoid ordering the BBQ Chicken Pizza.  All fresh ingredients.  Just be ready for a line if you come during rush hours.
5	Great food!  BBQ pizza and fontina burger wonderful.  Need more places like this closer to home!
5	SO GOOD! Haven't been disappointed once.Usually go for linner (lunch/dinner) and always leave rubbing my belly in fullness and cursing my overeating - but I can't help it- wow its jammin'Came here for breakfast on a recent visit and was impressed as well. Fresh and yummy and great ambiance. I love the farm feel and the staff is always friendly!
5	Main Points:-Great casual fare for breakfast, lunch, or dinner-Unique venue, fun to bring visitorsReview:I'm giving this place 5 stars, because in the category of casual food, this place is great! They have some tasty burgers and flatbread pizza that'll leave you full, garlic fries that are totally addicting, and delightful shakes.  My absolute favorite menu pick to get at Joe's is their waffles and ribs on their breakfast menu.  I'm not even a waffle person but their waffles are perfection, lightly crispy on the outside and salty sweet.  Add ribs on top, and it's pure deliciousness in your mouth! Finally, the venue itself is a fun atmosphere with picnic tables amongst the shade trees, plenty of grassy area for kids to enjoy, and quirky bathrooms. Note that if it's too hot/cold outside, there is inside seating as well. Just be aware that when there's great weather, lines can get  long but they seem to move pretty fast and you can always call your order in for pick-up. If great tasting casual fare is what you're looking for, then Joe's Farm Grill won't disappoint!
2	I understand that Joe's Farm Grill is very popular as a result of Diners, Drive-Ins,& Dives, but after going a couple of times, I fail to understand all the hype.I've had both the Farm Chicken Sandwich & the BBQ Chicken Flatbread. The sandwich was not that great; I ordered it with American cheese & grilled onions ... & the fries that it came with left much to desire as they were ridiculously salty & greasy. The flatbread was not a much better alternative.The price isn't worth the quality & the restaurant is out of the way from everything so I don't see myself making the drive out there much. Also, most of the seating is outdoors & there are a lot of flies. 2 stars is even being a little generous but it's nice to know they use local ingredients from the farm.
5	I judge a place by their food, definitely, but even more by how they handle their mistakes.  They recently did a to go order for me, and by the time I got home (far) I found they got my order very wrong. Called them up, and they quickly offered either a full refund or gift card. No questions asked, just the credit, an apology, and an invite to come back. I will absolutely be back.
5	You can not find a better burger & sweet potato fries! Wonderful vibe and the employees are top notch!
5	This is one of my favorite lunch places as a vegetarian! I order the veggie burger and sweet potatoes fries  and am never disappointed.
3	Very expensive for what you get. The food is pretty good. The pizzas are good and so is the breakfast. But $45 for dinner for 3 is crazy at a place where you have to go outside to get your refills.I reccomend tskingvyour food to go because the whole restaurant is filled with flies and its pretty gross.
4	I got their shrimps and they were huge. Each shrimps were honestly the sizes of two adult male index and middle fingers together. The food were great, good fresh squeeze lemonade, and nice atmosphere.
5	This place is casual, perfect place for the hipsters. I got the Cesar salad and zucchini rounds! I cannot say enough good....it's so delicious!!! This is a place I will continue to visit, it looks and taste fresh!
3	I would give 3 1/2 if I could and for the most part, this a 4-5 star biz, but lacks a few key components to achieve the overall ranking.The venue:(1) Great modern, trendy decor, makes for an entertaining experience visually(2) You can't help but feel some what cool for eating here because it puts off this "I'm a cool place" vibe which is a kick for a totally lame, wholly settled down father/husband like myself(3) The grounds are great from the huge trees, wide open spaces, backing a farm, and all the grass, it's all pretty awesomeSo why the 3 1/2 stars, place sounds great, right? It's the food. It's so hit and miss we hardly come here anymore. I'm telling you, one day it knocks it out of the park across the board and the next time it's less than average and we have had just about everything on the menu. Understand, their prices aren't outrageous but it is not up to par with quality half of the time so that is why we have reduced our visits.Please note, Joe's is always great for a free birthday meal, in fact, on some birthdays we'll hit up Joe's for lunch, Joe's BBQ for diner and Liberty Market for desert, all on the house for the birthday celebrator. Also, if we are ever entertaining any out of towners, this is routinely a stop at some point.
2	Two and a half stars... Nothing overly wrong with Joe's Farm Grill, but nothing special either. I've had lots of people recommend Joe's, so I was looking forward to my first trip out to Mesa to have breakfast with my sons there. My first issue was simply that I went in the middle of summer, and at 8:15 it was already hot out, and all the inside tables were taken. By the time we got our food and ate it, i was more focused on finishing and getting out of the heat, than enjoying my breakfast. None of this is really Joe's fault, but if you haven't been there, you should be warned that the majority of the seating is outdoors. Secondly, I wasn't really able to enjoy my meal anyway, because of the many flies swarming around our heads and plates. I was constantly shaking them off me and trying to sweep them away from my kids' food. Again, I get it... It's a farm atmosphere, it's outdoors... But be aware if that kind of thing isn't your thing. As for the food, it was nothing nearly as memorable as the fly situation. Steve had the kid's eggs and bacon. A couple of eggs scrambled (I wasn't given an option to get them any other way) and thin cut bacon served in a paper French fry tray. The eggs were a little over cooked and "tight"' so they were sitting in a small pool of egg water. The bacon was closer to under-cooked and flaccid. The eggs were seasoned and didn't taste bad. The bacon is described as "Apple cider smoked", but it didn't taste any different than mid-grade supermarket bacon. Sam had the waffle and fruit. Right off the bat, it looked the most appealing. A malty, Belgian-style waffle with about a half cup of ripe berries and some whipped cream. No complaints, but nothing magic either. It's not hard to make a waffle, and a bit pricey for what you get at $7 bucks. I had the Breakfast Burger. It's an average sized, somewhat thin, griddled burger with one over-easy egg (again, I was not asked how I would like it cooked), two slices of the same bacon, and cheese. It was served with lettuce, tomato and pickles, which I didn't use, and a choice of breakfast sides. I asked for Farm Beans, and got breakfast potatoes. The potatoes are  a small portion of those factory sanded, pre-cooked potato cubes, and perhaps my biggest disappointment. When I read "Farm Grill", I think skillet made home fries, not Aramark fast food. At $10 bucks, definitely not a solid value. Again, for those who haven't been there, the food is ordered fast food-style at a window, and you're given a pager to notify you when it's ready. It's not served fast food-style other than the paper plates and plastic-ware, because it took 21 minutes for the pager to buzz. Overall, it's mediocre breakfast fare, somewhat over priced for what you get (a few pennies under $40 for two kids sized portions and one adult), served in what could be a nice atmosphere if it weren't for the heat and the flies. It seems like the place might have potential, and it's gotten generally good reviews, so if I happen to be out on the east side on a cooler spring or fall day, I might be tempted to give Joe's a second chance.
5	Get the sweet potato fries and a burger. You will not be disappointed. Of course, there's something on the menu for everyone. My girlfriend loves the ahi tuna salad; it's not exactly my style, but it is damn good nonetheless. If you're planning on popping in at peak lunch or dinner time, expect a line, but it's totally worth the wait.
5	This place was AWESOME, wow I was impressed. I came here because I say the yelp reviews (700+) and I was in the neighborhood which is on the WAY east side. The inside is super unique and cool. This is a semi-fast kind of joint, order at the window but boy is it worth it. I had the Fontina Burger, and is was phenomenal!!! Every bite made my salivary glands kick into action. I had a similar feeling when eating at DMK in Chicago. (not comparing to DMK but similar feeling). I would def recommend this place and a place to show people. Enjoy.
5	This is my new favorite hamburger joint.  I have driven past many times and finally had the opportunity to give it a try this past weekend.  AS you can see from the 700 plus reviews...this place is popular.  The line was long but went very quickly.  My husband ordered a hot dog and fries and I went with a burger and onion rings.  In really thought it all was very tasty!  I LOVE the atmosphere here...from the diner type of appeal to the farm feel as you pull in.  I can't wait til it cools off a bit as sitting outside seems perfect.  Nothing fancy here....but calm and casual...my cup of tea! The  coffee shop next door looks great as well so that may be my next venture.  the family also owns Joe's real BBQ and Liberty Market.  I may venture over to Liberty Market as well ..it seems they have this food thing down.Side note, I spoke with the mgr while we were there and while I forget his name, I have to say, the guy hustles and is also so friendly...opening doors for people and stopping to say Hi, but not in an annoying way....
4	I like the place it's a great lunch spot. Everything is good but if you order the right thing it's great.
4	Went to Joe's Farm Grill for the first time today after numerous recommendations and I have to say, I was very pleased! Ordered the Farm Burger, Fries, and a Strawberry Lemonade, all to share between me and my mom which proved to be more than enough food. To my surprise, instead of fries which usually come complimentary with the burger, we received onion rings and I wasn't about to complain (onion rings are an additional $2.50 with a burger). To be completely honest,  there was nothing extraordinary about the burger. It came with lettuce, tomato, onion, and a pickle on the side. It was a good burger, satisfying and filling, but nothing more. The onion rings on the other hand stood out and were none like I've had: extremely hott and fresh, not too oily, and the onion was plump and juicy, none of that half withered crap. The best part of the meal was definitely the strawberry lemonade! It had a perfect balance of lemon and strawberry and tasted so fresh. On top of that,  it wasn't too sweet and was large enough for two people to share. I'd recommend Joe's to anyone in Arizona looking for a decent burger, cool location, family-friendly dining experience, and delicious drinks!!
5	Just had to throw in my 5 stars.  Just go already.
5	Brought my wife here for her birthday brunch and we got 10 dollars off her meal. I got the breakfast tacos and coming from south Texas I was a little skeptical about how good they could be but I was quite impressed! It was reasonably priced, too. Pleasant atmosphere with a lot of covered outdoor seating. We will definitely be coming back.
2	Usually love Joe's Farm Grill, not so much this visit.  Ordered the onion rings, they were so over cooked they were inedible. (Is that a word?  It is now). Would have complained however, we took our food to go.  Most likely will never order them again.
5	Every time I have eaten here I've been completely satisfied.  Their food is amazing.  my favorite has to be the ribs, but everything is spot on. Service is great,  and the atmosphere is laid back.
4	My favorite are the breakfast tacos! Everything I've tried here has been delicious. A little pricy but worth it especially every once in a while. They have a lot of grass space for kids to run around and some trees that even I want to climb... Not sure if they actually let you climb them.
3	A group of us went to eat at Joe's Farm Grill. This is the epitome of a non fancy dining experience! To be honest, it was crowded, we had to wait in line, and the decor is not something to write home about, however, the food was good. Rather than write all the comments given to me by my companions, I have chosen to write some of them down verbatim."The ahi tuna sandwich looked really good, and one of our party really enjoyed it. The burgers were nice and big, and I couldn't believe the size of the fried shrimp. The ribs were really tasty, and the pulled pork was some of the best I've ever had. All in all, a good time was had by all.""I've also never seen a bathroom with a television in it before! Quite the experience.""The grilled salmon platter was delicious. I could have taken home a tub of the garlic aioli, it was so good!"Its a bit of an unusual experience to go there, but it's a great place for families especially with a bunch of kids.3 stars for quality and amount of food.
5	Busy like always but quick service and love not having to tip a server to just have some great food! Had Fish specials today but I've been looking forward to their burgers! Still love this place and my kids love it! Hope they will be here forever!
1	***attention manager**** your employees are going to make someone very sick!!!!!!***attention manager****just so you know, joe / owner/ manager.employees using gloves to handle food should not be handling money or those customer pagers at the same time.  someone could take that pager into the bathroom, dip it in the toilet and give it back to the employee handing out food using gloves.. this is disgusting as they go right back to the food to their left and handle customers food. please teach your employees to change their gloves..this is disgusting.***attention manager**** your employees are going to make someone very sick!!!!!!***attention manager****
5	This really is the best lunch place in Gilbert/Mesa if you aren't afraid of a line. Plenty of outside seating and a very cool vibe. The food is fresh and local. Really enjoyable place to eat.
4	The Ahi Tuna Sandwich was delicious. The meat was cooked perfect and was high quality. I get a similar sandwich when I go to the yard house and let me tell you this sandwich puts the other one on Mcdonalds status. The Milkshakes were just typical milk shakes but you could taste the more quality ingredients. The line was long but moved rapidly. This place is great!
5	Great place, fresh food, lots of choices . indoor/outdoor seating. Great food. First time here had a great meal and the service is good . The place does get a bit crowded, but is well worth it. My wife had the portabella mushroom sandwich which was fantastic I had Sonoran dogs and really enjoyed them the fries were great too. Definitely coming back
4	Freaky great casual atmosphere!  And don't miss the bakery next door. Great outdoor and indoor seating, we plan to go back for breakfast with the dogs!
3	I wanted to love this place, but it was just OK in my opinion.The restaurant itself is pretty cool, lots of outside seating and room for kids to run around. The food, I felt was OK... better than the majority of fast food places, but nothing over the top or begging me to come back tomorrow.Two things that sort of bothered me, were the FLIES, ugh, everywhere, even inside, AND - all of the drinks and condiments were located outside, which might not necessarily be a bad thing, was just weird to me. Oh, and the ranch.. was... weird, like runny? And the taste was.. different. I'll admit I am kind of a ranch snob, so it wasn't HORRIBLE, just weird. I feel like if you're gonna gloat about your fabulous onion rings, you should pair it with some decent ranch.
4	Yes, Joes Farm Grill in Gilbert, AZ is a modern and trendy burger joint. The ambiance is very cool and many people come here regularly. But, it's called Joes FARM grill, so get something that's grown on the Agrotopia farm.  It's super fresh and tasty.  I recommend the Thai chicken salad, Beet salad, Farm salad or BBQ chicken salad.  All have fresh vegetables straight from the farm.Admittedly, the burgers are good, especially the Fontina burger. Yum. Add fresh homemade onion rings and garlic fries and you can be in that naughty little zone of eating fast food that you know isn't really healthy while at the same time justifying it by  having a salad too!  After all, it's fresh from the farm!The pizza is great too.  Overall, it's a really fun place to go to lunch and reasonably priced.
5	Best place ever , food , helpful staff , .sit in side or out. . Outside sitting you have the trees over flowing, so shade areas all around.walking distance to the Farm Stand and Agritopia..plenty of parking walk all around take in the sites.We have veggie burger with sweet potato fries, /ahi tuna salad with cole slaw. Both amazing  veggie burger is so big , never can finish it , and the tuna is cooked to prefection with just the right amount of pink showing,with wasbi dressing just a hint of hotnees , season to let you know its there but not over powering
4	Sooo yummy and fresh.  I had Ahi Tuna Sandwich and my hubby had their double dog basket.  It was our first time there so in case it's yours too there is 3 things to remember.  1) Soft drink fountain is out side. 2) There is only one bathroom and it's women & men.  I thought it was strange but hey it's funny to experience new things.  3) It's a big portion.  Next time we are totally sharing one....unless I'm really hungry/heehee.
5	Wow this place knocked my socks off. The food is unbelievable... Especially the sweet potato pie, the milk shakes and the ahi tuna sandwhich. I love seeing how the staff pulled together and worked as a team during busy times. You can really see the time, energy and love that is put into each plate which truly makes this a destination spot.
5	A gilbert gem! This place has awesome customer service, ambiance, and food. The sweet potato fires, onion rkngs, milkshakes, fontina burger, and BBQ chicken pizza are my favorites on the menu.Make sure to visit on your birthday for 10 off your meal!
4	One of my favorite places! Breakfast is awesome. They have really good pancakes and waffles. Lunches are also great. I love the fontina burger. The garlic fries are yum. The beet salad is tasty. The panko onion rings are crunchy and flavorful. It is a great place to eat outdoors during the spring and fall, and on cooler early mornings in the summer. The price is worth it when you consider the obvious quality of what you are getting on your plate. My only complaint is that the quality of their beverages (Coke products...blech) and their condiments (specifically the mayo and ranch dressing) don't match the quality of their food.
4	I was hesitant about coming here. I just wanted a margarita and some sub-par food to absorb the tequila. Finding out that I was being taken to some fast-casual burger place without alcohol was slightly disappointing to me. I sucked it up and went on Yelp to see what's good here, and imagine my surprise to see over 700 reviews with an average of 4 stars. Suddenly, the afternoon started to look up.Based on Yelp reviews, I ordered the Fontina Burger with garlic fries, my friends ordered The Farm Burger and BBQ Bleu Cheese Pizza, and together we shared the Butter Pecan Shake.The first bite of my burger made me forget all about cool refreshing margarita waiting for me at some hole in the wall Mexican restaurant. My burger was better than alcohol --- fuck that noise. This is clearly going to earn my five stars.After I embarrassed my friends by moaning out loud while eating my burger I was actually stoked about my garlic fries. Imagine my surprise to find out that I hated them. I hated the garlic fries. I love garlic, I love fries, but I HATED these garlic fries. Actually, I hated them so much I forgot how much I loved my burger. They were just so pungent and strong and overwhelming. I was eating raw garlic on soggy, oily fries. Eck, just remembering it makes me queasy. I had a five star burger and a 1 star side of fries, that unfortunately averages out to 3 stars. However, my friends raved about their food so I'm bumping up to four and calling it a night. A good margarita will surely erase the taste of garlic fries from my person.
1	Flies EVERYWHERE! Great food but it's ruined the instant you get it because there are flies CONSTANTLY landing on your food. They have a serious fly problem. My advice is get it to go because the food is worth it.
5	Free meal on your birthday!  Food is amazing, atmosphere is fun, 5 stars easy...
5	Very good food and nice grounds.  Had BBQ. Bacon burger and it was a 10.  Onion rings and sweet potato fries good too.  Definitely will be back.
5	This place never ceases to please the taste palette. Even though the drive may be far, my wife and I try to come here at least once a month.She gets the Ahi tuna sandwich. The crunchiness of the coleslaw salad adds a refreshing taste to the already fresh tuna, which is grilled to perfection.I get the bbq chicken pizza. Their homemade bbq sauce compliments the grilled flat bread and farm fresh chicken.Everything is good here.
2	Must have come on a bad day. My wife got the grilled wedge salad. It was not grilled, they forgot the bacon and left the lettuce core on it.  Burgers were ok not great. A bit overcooked. 2.50 for onion ring upgrade and you get four rings. They really need to do something about the flies, there were thousands.  Lots of swatting going on. Saw a maggot on our table, not surprising.  At least we can say we tried it. Too 'back to nature' for me.
4	Always come here when I am in town. Great spot for fresh and consistent food. Worth the loooooong drive the Gilbert. Love the Ahi Tina sandwich, burgers, BBQ pork and salads ....all good. The only downside is that it so popular it is always crowded and they don't really engage you as a customer.  Everyone that works there is behind a big wall of glass and the only people waking around are bus boys. They would do  to engage customers a bit more to warm up the place. If you lower your expectations for warmth of service, you won't be disappointed.
4	This place is really fun and different. The food is a little pricey for what you get, in my opinion, but it tastes sooooo good. The pesto burger rocks, garlic fries, and the BBQ chicken pizza, are also good. Your timing needs to be good, because the place can get packed quickly, with lines out the door. The wrong time of year, and the indoor seats are noisy and cramped, and the outdoor seats are abuzz with flies.
4	I would visit this place for the bathrooms alone. I won't spoil it if you've never been. This is a casual joint that's always packed. The food is great. We enjoy the seasonal milkshakes, the Ahi and Portobello sandwiches and the Fontina burger. The garlic fries are just ...eh. The rings and zucchini are good. That all being said, I don't like eating here in the summer. The outdoor condiments get warm and the place gets infested...I mean INFESTED with flies. Like "I can't eat here. Can I get this to go instead?" Flies.
5	Fantastic. Did not disappoint. I have never ever ever had a bad meal here. My personal favorite is the mahi mahi sandwich. They just do it right and it's not easy getting good fish in Arizona.
4	My kids (even the 3 year old!) ask to go here all the time! We've enjoyed everything we have tried, and we love the overall setting. Only 4 stars, because the food is good, but not spectacular... and it would be much more enjoyable if I didn't have to share my food with the flies!
3	Foods decent, fun to take people to as a tourist thing.
5	Amazing bbq chicken pizza and fresh strawberry milkshake. Love the atmosphere and great service. Couldn't ask for more.
5	We had a fantastic breakfast here today! Joes grows much of their own produce, and the result is fresh tasting dishes, made to order at great prices. My friend and I split two dishes- the pancakes with bacon and the chicken egg scramble. The pancakes were fluffy and light, served with tasty syrup and whipped butter of course! The chicken in the scramble was so succulent and flavourful, and the veggies still had a nice bite to them. Good strong coffee rounded out the meal, not to mention dining out back in the sunshine! Will definitely be back to try out the lunch options!
5	Loving this local spot. Fresh food, family business and super kid friendly. Always take my out of town guests here!!!
5	Probably one of the best fresh food restaurants I've ever been to! I've never had the breakfast here until 2 weeks ago when I brought my dad and uncle and we all got the waffles and ribs. Never heard or even thought about this combination for breakfast but we went for it anyway and loved it! Thanks for the great food!
5	Yumm so good and pleasant! Geat place for  after winning a soccer tourney!!! Gooooooal!!!!!!!
5	Great food!!!!
2	What is going on???  First time I went there the foods were just fantastic but then the second time was disappointment and the third was worse.  Their salads didn't taste as fresh and their salad dressing was wayyyy salty.  I can't even remember what I ordered last time because it was just forgettable.  I don't know if I want to go back.  I gave them 4 stars first time visiting and now 2 after the third time eating there.  I am afraid next time I go I might put them in 1 star.  Get it together Joe's Farm Grill.
5	Wow! Just Wow!This place is amazing and love the set up of the restaurant. It never ceases to please my wife and I. It is indeed pricey but definitely worth it. Presentation of their dishes are appetizing and the restaurant is clean. Overall the meals are fresh but don't think it's healthy (if your that individual who cares). There are healthy meals the offer, salads mainly but don't pass up on their sandwiches or burgers. Their menu is very diverse for your taste and I'm trying to get thru the entire menu but I keep getting stuck on their BBQ Blue Cheese Burger or their Pesto Chicken Sandwich because it's SO GOOD! I have yet to try their breakfast but without a doubt, I won't be surprised it's good as their lunch and dinner menu.If your in the area. Go here!
4	Tried Joes on a recommendation from friends. Definitely a delicious lunch. Love the BBQ! I would return.
3	Was an Ok experience, love the picnic tables however not the dirt.  Not sure there is much you can do about the flies being outside.  Would really like to see an area to refill coffee instead of standing in line at the food window behind several people
5	yummmmm
4	The Fontina Burger is one of the best burgers I've ever eaten.  Some reviews need no further explanation.  Go eat this burger.  Do it.  Do it now.
4	Go-to items include: seared ahi sandwich and crispy chicken basket. Chicken bAsket is not to be mistaken for the traditional tenders you get. These are actually large pieces of juicy breast with panko breading. Pretty awesome. The Caesar dressing is also extra anchovy-y which is the way it should be. Ask for it on the side to savor the flavor. I'm not big on the BBQ even though its sister location specializes in it and is carried over to their menu. It's nothing special to me. I like Rudy's BBQ better. Need to come when the date shake is in season. Sounds interesting to try. Avoid coming on weekend nights, line too long.
5	Savored every bite of the Ahi Tuna burger with sweet potato fries. Cole slaw had a little too much onions for my taste. Guy Fieri's recommendations were right on.  My hubby enjoyed the Fontina Burger another must have according to Mr. Fieri. Great place to hang out for great food.  Don't let the lines fool you... It moves fast and worth the short wait. Very casual, so come ready to sit on picnic tables around there grassy lawns. Oh their Medjool Date shake is a perfect sweet treat to your meal. Yummy!
4	Love this place. Staff is so friendly  food is great pricing is good.  Down side - Always a kong line and lots of flys
4	Love the ambiance of this place.  Super casual.  Consistently good food.  I love the asian chicken salad and the fried green beans.  The breakfast tacos are great too.
4	They have a large menu and a great selection of gluten free options. The portion sizes are large. We will be back for sure. Great place!The only downer was the flys buzzing around. We sat inside and they were annoying.
2	We have been coming to this place for several years and we keep waiting for it to improve and it never really does. The food is just "ok" and we really only come here because there is a large grassy area where kids can run around and play while you wait for your food. This is a huge draw because it takes the stress out of having to keep your kids corraled the entire time. We've had the chicken tenders (strange), fish (ok), grilled cheese (the best thing we've had here), corn dogs, the BBQ platters (dry) and several other things in between. It's not that the food is bad....it's just not good - it's OK.Our kids love to come and run around with other kids and that is the only thing that keeps us coming back.
5	Hands down the best burgers I have ever had. The Fontina Burger is to die for and even the fries are fantastic.  The pizzas are fresh, crisp and very flavorful. The Fried Green Beans are also a favorite of mine, but only indulge if you have unconditionally loving friends and family around because it will give you garlic breath that could take the paint off of walls.  My husband likes the more traditional Farm Burger, Jumbo Fried Shrimp and Onion Rings. You really can't go wrong with anything you get here. The food is high quality, fantastic flavor, giant portions and the prices are great! My husband and I frequented this place on a weekly basis while we lived in the area for 2 years. Do yourself a favor and eat here.
2	I have eaten lunch here before and enjoyed it very much. This is the first time I had breakfast and we were all very disappointed. I had the Belgium waffle w 2 sausage links added 2 eggs scrambled and a fountain drink. $15 for everything.  Something was added to my eggs that gave it a different taste and texture that I did not enjoy. 2 different types of pancakes were ordered, the buttermilk were the only ones anyone liked. My son in law had an omelette that he could not eat because of a funky taste. My waffle should have cooked for another minute or two.
4	I have a weird love-hate relationship with this place. I love the food, but I hate the atmosphere and theme that screams "Down-home farm fresh food that your middle-upper class family will adore" or in other words, "Our food is down to earth but our prices are not"... or "A slice of rural America, but pumped into a desert for the wealthy to enjoy." I think you get my point. Regardless the food is still incredible. The burgers are delicious, everything tastes fresh, and the portions are massive. Some of the best onion rings I have ever had.Back to the infuriating atmosphere. They were on that Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and show and will not hesitate to tell you at every opportunity. I challenge you to find a 10 sq. ft area anywhere in the restaurant that doesn't mention it somewhere. I don't understand since it isn't any of those things. It's an upscale hipster eatery with a splash of retro design. It's new, expensive, and insanely busy. It's basically like a food truck lost its wheels in the middle of a patch of non-native flora. Still I know it seems like a lot of complaining for a 4- star review, but the food is REALLY good. It's worth standing in a 20 minute line with people you would make fun of at a little-league game.
4	The food here is always great and the grounds are so peaceful and really enjoyable! The only issue I have about this place is 1. The dining room smells like a locker room "time for a carpet shampoo" and 2. For an "organic" restaurant they sure use an awful lot of plastic! Plastic cups,knives,forks, condiment cups and plates! Your carbon footprint is horrible!
4	So, I do love this place.  I can't seem to branch away from the fried zukes and Fontina burger (the pecan pesto is to die for)  but once and a while I will be swayed into getting the BBQ chicken pizza or the thai chicken salad.  My only gripes are that sometimes the line is ridiculously long..so go on off peak meal hours and whenever I go there for dinner children are always running around like a bunch of wild banshees (maybe their parents tricked them into thinking this was a chucky cheese)..
5	Loved this place, even got to bring my dog!I had a lamb burger and sweet potato fries! It was delicious!
4	I have been here a couple of times now and I absolutely love the atmosphere and I love the concept.  However, I have yet to try any food that wows me.  We went in September and had a couple of their specialty hotdogs.  They were okay but nothing special.  We've also tried their burgers...again, good but not near the best I've ever had.  Maybe next time I'll try the bbq chicken pizza.
4	I love Joe's Farm Grill. The location and ambiance is so great with it being on a produce farm, and although I haven't tried the onsite Cafe, I know it has rave reviews as well. The menu at Joe's has a great assortment of really tasty food and the breakfast and lunch items I've tried (breakfast tacos, huevos, bbq chicken pizza, chicken sandwich, just to name a few) have never disappointed. The one downfall is that because there is the indoor-outdoor setup where people are constantly bustling in and out and leaving doors open, there tends to be quite a few flies inside at certain times of the year. Not unbearable, but a little annoying.All in all, it's a great place to take family and friends, especially out-of-towners, and is very child-friendly.
5	Good food good service and they do a lot for the community, if you enjoy eating here also try Joe's Barbeque. Same owner
5	We live in the west suburbs of Phoenix but try to hit up Joe's any chance we get. Great atmosphere with kids, delicious burgers, kids always eat every last bite, mud sundae is a great end to this pit stop. I usually split my meal, it's a lot of food.
5	Have had breakfast, lunch and dinner here multiple times. Never been disappointed. I usually get the Ahi Tuna sandwich for lunch and dinner at times and Joes big breakfast for breakfast. Both are good. Look forward to trying more on the menu. It's a great atmosphere for families. Enjoy!
5	Best burger I've ever had. I didn't even put sauce on it because of how good all of it was! Wasn't greasy, fresh produce, and excellent pesto. I think it was called the Fontina Burger. I also love the outdoor eating environment and their hanging lights. Next time we are definitely trying some of their milkshakes.
5	I do not usually give 5 stars. I tried to stay away from giving place is five stars so that when I do people know it's worth it. THIS PLACE DESERVES IT. This is my first time going to a farm-to-table restaurant. I was very happy that there was a walking area to view the farm. It could be turned into something extremely romantic, although I was more interested in the agriculture myself.There was outdoor seating as well as indoor seating, but the outdoor seating was by far the best. You're able to sit in a very lush green area while enjoying your food. This is most definitely a luxury in southern Arizona. I can only speak on behalf of the breakfast foods. So for the breakfast foods they were absolutely amazing. I had some eggs as well as a Belgian waffle, and I have not had a Belgian waffle that good since my visit to Europe. The environment could have had an influence on how good the waffle tasted, but isn't that the point?I will most definitely be returning to this place whenever I'm in the Mesa/Gilbert area. This is definitely an experience that you shouldn't miss out on and it's probably best for groups.
5	Yummy yummy yummy!This place is just an absolutely awesome place for breakfast!  My friend had the Green Eggs and Ham and I was jealous over my perfectly cooked Belgian Waffle with fruit. The ambience is amazing ; you sit outside next to the beautiful garden where the spices and veggies are growing.  Another Triple D find right in my neighborhood!  I'll be going again and again!
4	Great food and a welcoming atmosphere. The portions are big, enough to take home left overs. I recommend their onion rings and sweet potato fries. Their burgers are huge, but I'm not complaining  The only down fall are the flies that roam around the restaurant. The company really needs to control that problem because getting them away takes a lot of work and ruins the dinner for most people.
5	Great selection of fan favorite foods. The milk shakes are thick and rich. The line can get long during the dinner rush, but I think that is a testament to the quality. Good things are worth the wait. I enjoyed the BBQ pulled pork.
5	Even though you will more than likely have to stand in a decent line to order, it's always worth the wait! The food is great, the outdoor grassy area with large picnic tables are so charming, and it is so pet and kid friendly! Love the burgers and pizza! Have heard awesome things about the bbq too! So much fun for my nieces to run around after eating. There will more than likely be an abundance of kids playing together as it's almost like picnicking at a park when you come here for lunch. Overall such a unique, delicious and charming place, bravo!
5	Still always love this screwball restaurant (don't miss the bathroom attractions, for instance), and think it's worth the 66 mile round trip from my house to come enjoy the whole scene here!  Today I was joined by Robyn N., Mike C. & Jackie R.I ordered my usual, a  "Fontina Burger," one of the world's great hamburgers!  It's made with extra tasty meat, roasted diced red peppers, grilled mushrooms, lettuce, tomato slices, pickle, onions, farm-made pecan pesto & Fontina cheese, all piled up on a special bun.  For a side this time I had their great Onion Rings, & to be sure & overdo it, added a Chocolate Malt.  Then, to REALLY blow the diet, we all went over to "The Coffee Shop" next door on the farm for dessert.     :-))Fontina Burger & Fries $9.49, upgrade to Onion Rings (from among several no-extra-cost options) $2.50, Chocolate Malt $4.49.  YUM!
3	Great and greasy! The food is good as long as you aren't on a diet. The cattle call line is somewhat more acceptable here at a burger joint than at his other two places. I have found it very crowded at times so be careful when you choose to show up. Love the Salt Cedar trees in the outside eating area.
4	The location is excellent! Lots of big trees and shades. The food is quite good. I tried the Fontina burger and it was both delicious and full-filling. I loved the grilled mushrooms and their green sauce (?). The burger came with a side of fries, too. The service was self-served. You could sit inside or outside. Great view. Would definitely recommend it to anyone.
4	Decided to return here as I wanted something different for lunch. I was looking for a Sonoran dog. JFG has that covered. I paired that with some garlic fries. It was busy but only a 5 minute line. Somehow I managed to stay under $10 which was a pleasant surprise considering my last experience. The fries were good but I think GB is better for that. The dog was very good and filling, glad I didn't get a double. JFG will stay on my list just not top 10.
2	Two of us spent $33 for dinner and we got a hamburger and a fish special. The food was only mediocre. It turns out that the hamburger is cooked to rare. Apparently the menu says that but I didn't see it. The hamburger was red and slimy inside. I can't imagine how it passed the Health Department regulations for temperature. The fried Zucchini was not crisp. The shrimp were actually too big and just uninspired.  The fries were not tasty. I like the McDonalds or Burger King fries a lot better. Having said the above, we did like the cod and the cole slaw. Needless to say we were unimpressed and will not be back.
5	Every year Joe does a customer appreciation meal which brings out long lines that are worth it. Delicious hamburgers and plenty of outside seating to enjoy, especially during the spring and winter months. Beautiful gigantic trees provide plenty of shade. Kid's meals include a sucker.
3	I got the Carolina Dog and swapped out the french fries for Sweet Potato Fries.  The dog was good, very messy but the pork had great flavor. I was extremely surprised at how small the portion of Sweet Potato fries was.  It was $2 more to change to the Sweet Potato fries and I literally got about 20 fries.  They were delicious but definitely not worth the extra cost.  We each got a sandwich and upgraded our sides, he got a shake and our total was $30!  It is decent food, and a quaint atmosphere outside but the prices leave much to be desired.
1	Great food but pricey. Was excited to go there for my birthday and have to say the staff ruined it. We called ahead to see if they had pizza (the only thing there my little one will eat there) and were told they did. When we got there 20 minutes later were told they that no pizza and were all but laughed at when we explained we even called ahead and were told they did. No offer to help and no manager to be found. Huge disappointment and epic fail for the staff and their condescending attitude.
5	This place is right by our house... Amazing food. Tastes like they pulled it fresh outta their farm the same morning!Literally you can taste the dirt in the food... And it's great!
5	Food is amazing every time. I get the fontina burger almost every time. I don't like mushrooms on anything besides a pizza. But this just fits. Southwest burger good and BBQ pizza is too.
5	We went there on a busy Friday evening. Our wait was short and out table was wonderful, in the little round room with windows viewing the street so we could people watch. I ordered the chicken angeli. wonderfully delicious and my husband ordered the chicken potpie which was equally delicious. You might not find the place because it is on the 2nd floor .
5	Joes is always amazing. You shouldn't be reading this, you should be on the way here to eat! Get the onion rings if yours a rings person. They rock.
3	When my husband and I first tried Joe ' s Farm Grill we absolutely adored it- the setting is unique and the food is fresh. I told everyone I knew about it! However, now that we have been here- a lot- we feel there is not much consistency.  Sometimes they hit it out of the park and sometimes they really strike out. Usually I get pretty lucky with the green eggs and ham- and I don't think my husband has had a burger here he doesn't like... But- sometimes the food just isn't up to par. Recently we were there for breakfast (New Years Day) and got waffles and ribs and Joes Big Breakfast. The ribs were burnt but we ate them... The Big Breakfast was stone cold. We brought it back and they said to come back up in five to ten minutes- well, it was clear they just reheated it in a microwave and I find that unacceptable- especially for the cost of food here. We just threw it away.  The plastic plate was warped, the eggs were turning dark yellow like they were nuked in a microwave and the pancakes were soggy.  Oh how ye hath fallen...
4	Joe's Farm Grill is great with tasty burgers, gourmet hot dogs, pizzas, salads and sandwiches. I have had several items on the menu and all have been very good not quite 5 star delicious but above average for sure. I really like the 4B burger with bacon, blue cheese and barbecue sauce. My wife loves the buffalo chicken sandwich grilled and fried depending on the desired healthy eating. I have had the Sonaran hot dog and it is very good not quite as amazing as the el guerra canela Sonoran but easier to get to than Tucson. Overall good food and a great outside eating area for large groups and families.
5	Love this place. I've only been twice, once for dinner and once for breakfast, but it is exceptional. For the price, you receive a good portion and quality food. During my most recent visit I ordered the Belgian waffle with fresh fruit, and after all the debating, I'm sure glad that is what I ordered. A large Belgian waffle topped with the freshest strawberries, blueberries and blackberries I have tasted along with the best whipped cream for $6.99. I haven't stopped thinking about it since. Atmosphere is amazing with both inside and outside dining and the farmhouse feel is certainly in tact. Inside dining is inside an old living room with a fireplace and outside dining is by the farm with picnic benches and trees providing shade. Quality, fresh food, great atmosphere and a reasonable price. My kinda place.
4	The food is very good here.  Very casual and laid back with outdoor seating.
5	I've been here probably a dozen times. When I'm craving the perfect, juiciest burger, I drive half an hour a way here and I'm never disappointed. Everyone is always so friendly and seems genuinely happy even at the busiest times. I have Celiac Disease so I have to be really careful about gluten and cross contamination. They actually have a gluten free fryer (whoop whoop) and they always tells they will do the best they can to avoid cross contamination. I've never been glutened there so I'm very thankful for this! In short, it's one of those places that I'd be surprised you had a bad experience. You might wait a bit in line but I just avoid busy hours. Afterwards, we always walk over and get coffee from The Coffee Shop. It's just a perfect day for me.
1	We stopped to eat here. Not a real sir down restaurant. You have to walk through a line to order your food. It wasn't very impressed with me stay here in
5	By far, one of my favorite places to eat in the East Valley! The food is always delicious, and the veggies are so fresh! The milkshakes may be pricey but well worth it!
