3	I remember going here a long time ago and not really seeing anything that vaguely resembled Thai food on the menu.  Still, I remember the ruby quail being really good stuff.  A whole fried quail in this tasty red sauce and surrounded by vegetables.
5	They have signs outside claiming to be one of the top-10 Thai restaurants in the nation.  With that kind of ego trip, I had to give them a try.Well, they have a point.  Their curry chicken puffs have to be the best I've ever had.  Subtle curry sauce combines with chicken and a yummy pastery to create a true five-star experience.So far, I haven't found a main dish that's satisfied me as much as the appetizer.  Portions are a little small, like P F Chang's (see review).  I'm actually thinking that next time I go I might have a couple of orders of curry puffs and leave it at that.  It's not that they don't try - the quality of ingredients is very high - but I prefer the tastes associated with Chinese food.Except those curry puffs.Yum.Service is outstanding - friendly and attentive, and my waiter was very helpful in trying to guide me to my next stop for the day.  (If you've lived in this area, you know that this is not easy; Pittsburgh is one of the world's most confusing cities.)Note that this is a chain and there is another one on Craig Street near CMU.
4	A few friends of mine and I tried to eat here in under an hour. The wait staff was helpful in getting us in and out quickly. I realize that Pad Thai should not be the benchmark of every Thai restaurant, but it should be mentioned that this Pad Thai was fairly unremarkable. Lulu's is better and cheaper. They did, however, let us customize the spiciness of our meals from 1-10.The gems of this meal were the appetizers: the chicken satay skewers and, more importantly, the curry puffs.If you're looking for a light lunch, come for a glass of water and a couple of appetizers. That's affordable even for students.
4	This is a great place to eat at before you go to a play at the Benedum. It's ideal for a small group as the place is small and very busy before plays. If you can, I reccomend making reservations beforehand.
1	This is the worst Thai Restaurant I've been. The staff was unfriendly, the plates cold, the soup was cold, the rice was cold. After complaining we expected some nice words, like "Please excuse for this inconvenience", but instead of that: The owner said: YOU have to pay in anyway bcause you already eat from! It was like a really bad joke! We just expected some nice food (as they tell you they are one of the top 10 thai restaurants). If this is true, I go never to another restaurant in the US!!!
5	This is one of the few places I try to make a point of visiting every time I'm visiting my parents.  It was one of my favorite haunts in high school and continues to rank high on my list of favorite restaurants.  The service is always great, I've never had to wait for a table, and I love the food.About five years ago, my favorite appetizer here was the rice rolls, spring rolls stuffed with rice and shredded carrots instead of the standard cabbage mixture.  I'm still hoping they'll make an appearance again someday.  Until then, I love the fresh spring rolls.  The sauce is sweet but not too much so, and I like starting off what is bound to be an enormous meal with something light.  I also recommend starting your meal off with a Thai iced tea.I believe I've had every vegetarian entree except for a few that contain peanut sauce, and I enjoy them all.  The woon sen pad thai is a good twist on the standard, but the curries really stand out in my mind.  They are all delicious and different..  The Thai Place also offers a few desserts - fried ice cream and mangoes with sticky rice amongst them.Overall, I think this is a gem and definitely worth visiting.  As a vegetarian with food allergies (probably a chef's nightmare), I really appreciate the service, the care, and the fact that I have never in six years had to send an entree back or even look twice before I dig in.PS: If you are a crappy parallel parker like I am, park in the garage on Bellefonte and walk over.  It is always cheap and gives you a chance to burn off a few extra calories during the walk.
4	Pad thai can be spicy :)
3	The dishes taste fine. The rice is clumpy and very chewy toward the end of the day. The portions are very small. I'm a 100lb weakling and still hungry after one entree. The rice bowls are doll-sized. The eggplant basil is about 50% eggplant and 50% mixed vegetables. It gets really drafty during the winter if you sit in the booths across from the bar. But somehow there's a vent that's blowing hot air on one part of your face. Makes for an interesting temperature experience.i think I'll give them another shot and re-assess afterward.
4	I am not really a Thai food eater but we were with a group of people and this is where they wanted to go.  We were seated right away and our server was right there.  Food was a bit slow coming from the kitchen but it seemed to be worth the wait.  Hubby said that his Won Ton soup was the best ever.  Curry puffs, crispy duck, pad Thai noodles all were great.  Yes, the white rice was a little old tasting but overall it was a solid 3.5/4 stars
4	I am in Pittsburgh for family and work, so I headed over to Shadyside for some dinner.  Walnut St was a mess, construction all over the place.  It is a good thing that it did not deter me from stopping in Thai Place.Atmosphere - Inside was nice.  Just like the photos above.  Service - Good, but the waitress was a little confused when I asked what kind of white rice they had with their dishes.  Other than that, service was prompt, polite and frequent.Food - Pretty good.  The Thai Spicy Beef salad (Yum Neue) was the 2ND best that I have had in the US.  My main dish, spicy chicken cashew, which I told them to make super hot was just warm.  Oh well, I am sure I appreciated it in the morning...ha.  Sticky Rice & Mango was perfect.  After my disappointment at Exotic Thai in Simi Valley, CA this presentation reminded me why I love this desert sooo much.  Thank you Thai Place.Likes -* Spicy Beef Salad...bring on the spicy* Sticky Rice & Mango - done right* Service - quickDislikes -* Do I look like a wimp, when I say spicy, give me spicey...haha.* Walnut St construction.Overall, Pittsburgh has a great place for Thai food and based on their wall photos with the owner, Bono thinks so too.
3	OMG, am I so ready to go back to San Francisco that I just can't wait any longer for Asian food.  And now I've found the 6th thing that is more expensive in Pittsburgh than San Francisco.  The Thai food here in Shadyside.  Sure, it's decent tasting, nothing out of this world.  Portions are rather small by Pittsburgh standards.  But curry for $12.95?  I mean you can get the same dish for almost half the price in SF.  I know it's Walnut Street, but why are the prices so high?  Next time, I'll hold out a little longer.
3	I used to eat here a bunch when I lived on Walnut, but since moving to Squirrel Hill I have never had the urge to go back. I mean, it is alright Thai food, but it is pretty expensive - and the squirrel hill choices (Silk Elephant, Bangkok Balcony) are just better.
3	When I lived in the area, I used to come here a lot both to eat in and take out. The quality has gone down a bit over the last year - the last few times we went, the service wasn't great, the portions are getting smaller, plus they are giving too many vegetables and not enough meat. However, they do make a great Pad Thai.
2	I just moved back to Pittsburgh and decided to take my boyfriend to the Thai Place for a celebratory dinner.  The good news was that on a Wednesday evening around 7:30, it was nearly empty and our food came out very promptly; we weren't even finished with our spring rolls when the entrees came out.The bad news is that prices have gone up, portion sizes have gone down, and the food was pretty bland.  My boyfriend rated his pad thai lower than some "fast-food" Asian places', and my curry with a spice level of 7 was so tame, it wouldn't have bothered an infant.I'm not sure if this place was better 6 years ago, or if I just had lower standards because I hadn't tried Thai food anywhere else and I was a high school student without years of trying restaurants under my belt.  At any rate, I will be on the lookout for a better Thai restaurant and would only go here if desperate.
3	Meh.  The food was fine, but nothing to write home about.  I'll agree that the curry puffs were pretty good, but they were more Indian than Thai.  We started with some spring rolls, which were fine, but not being a spring roll person, I let my friend eat most of them.  We then got the curry puffs, fried tofu, and the panang curry.  I was not particularly fond of their fried tofu - it was perfectly crispy, but somehow totally bland, even with the sauce that was provided.  The panang curry was fine too, but again, nothing spectacular.Totally reasonable place.  The service is nice, but the prices seem kind of high for what it is.  I don't think I would go out of my way to come here again.
5	There is (used to be? It's been a few years since I lived in the PGH) a sign out front of this place saying it has the best Thai food in America.They ain't lyin.Eight bucks for some delicious pad thai, AMAZING spring rolls, and the best hot and sour soup I've ever had in my life! Seriously, I've spent the last 5 years trying to find a soup that compares. It'll never happen.That, and the service is fantastic. Really sweet, not overbearing, and not lazy - spending eight bucks on lunch leaves you with enough to give them a very nice tip.
5	Absolutely DELICIOUS!!! Nothing more to say about this place - some of the best Thai food I've had in the US.
2	Though I've never eaten inside I've had delivery (when they do it) from them numerous times.  The food is always quick to get here (sometimes so fast I wonder how long it was sitting out) and decent.It isn't the best Thai in the area but it gets the job done cheap and they deliver (sometimes).
2	With a sign in front of the door saying they were one of the top 10 Thai restaurants in the country, I was expecting the earth and planets to move when I took my first bite. Nope. I would claim that they're not even in the top 10 in Pittsburgh. My pad thai was bland, small portions (for $9?!), and lonely without veggies, bean sprouts, or even really eggs. Someone else at the table had much better beef panang, but it also suffered from a lack of spice, even though he ordered it at an 8. I also wasn't a fan of the service- we felt very rushed even though we got there an hour and a half before closing. We were given the check as I was still finishing my meal. :-p
2	We ducked into Thai place while hungrily walking the streets of Shadyside...unfortunately we left the place nearly as hungry as before, only to go home and make our own yummy curry.We were there pre-dinner rush, thus it was not busy, yet we waited an abnormally long time to order. Good trick, because in the meantime we decided to need an appetizer. Once our server acknowledged us, he seemed rushed and hastily answered our questions; yes, the annoying vegan oriented questions. Our spring rolls were airy and flavorless :(.The main dish, a mango veggie curry was so-so. We ordered it with tofu, but did not get any. The sauce was watery, though did have a nice flavor. The mangoes--ripe and delicious. The portion was tiny! And at $15, I find that to be inexcusable. There was not even enough rice to fill up on. Granted, we were two people sharing one dish, but we usually have no problems, due to the American sized portions we have come to expect. Bottom line is that the value did not match the price. For $7, this would be a three star review.Our server resolved to be friendly around check time. We were accidentally charged for another table's bill, but we noticed and the problem was fixed, as far as we know.
1	I whish I could rate this place no stars..... $45 for 2 dishes and satay - carry out! You got to be kidding me! Small portions and the food was below average at best.Long story short - I know thai.... and this aint it! I think the location and the lack of anything like it in around keeps this place open (cause I know the food cant be doing the trick for them.)Moved here from chicago and this falls way short of the worst thai place back home.
1	given the close proximity to my house, i wish i could give this place a better review.  first of all, the entire menu is confusing... they don't serve many of the traditional thai dishes that you'd find in most thai restaurants.  i noticed a mix of chinese and other asian dishes, not thai.  the tom yum soup is the worst i've ever eaten... way too sweet.  they have hot and sour on the menu... again, i thought it was a thai restaurant, not chinese.  bummer.
4	It was so good!! It was Noon on Sunday when the first opened. The staff was great and nice. The food was the best. I will have to go back. iPhone owners should check in with Gowalla.
5	Got some good memories at this place :) good place,good food and nice people.   But i really wonder why they did not get more creative for naming the place and just called it the thai place.  This review of mine is going to end now. Short and sweet :) hmmm..sweet...hmm..Panang curry sounds good ,and so does that tofu with peanut butter sauce or the pad thai...ok!! i am stopping :)-Smriti :)
4	On my first visit to Pittsburgh, I asked a lot of people for food recommendations. Thai Place came up a few times, so when we were walking around on Walnut St one weekend, we went here for lunch.The portions are smaller than I expected, and the prices higher, especially for lunch. But that being said, the food was absolutely excellent.We shared the tod mun (fishcakes) for appetizer, which were among the best I've ever had. Very good flavor, and not chewy.I got tofu pad thai (8/10 spiciness), and he got mango chicken curry (1/10 spiciness), and they were both very much to our liking. I usually order an 8 on my first visit, and this was a respectable 8 with spice definitely present but not overwhelming or burning. Next time I would go up to a 9 or 10, though, because I I do like a bit more of a sinus-clearing kick.Service was good and bathrooms were clean. I'd definitely come back, but maybe for dinner--I don't really like spending $20+ on lunch.
3	The ambiance was nice and the staff was pretty friendly, but the food was just standard Thai food. Nothing out of the ordinary.
3	All around good restaurant.  If you are in the area and looking for Thai, this is a good choice.  If you are coming from outside the general area, I'm not sure I would make the trip (I also do not know what the rest of the Thai joints are like in the Burgh... so maybe this is 5 star worthy?).Here is my 2 cents:For the app we rocked the dumplings.  They were fine.  Pricey for 4 and nothing special... but decent enough.I did rock the Wonton soup which was decent.  It had a few nice touches to it including a couple pieces of chicken and a shrimp.  Another welcome addition has some cilantro.  Added something nice to it.The entrees were good all around.  The sizzling beef was tasty (yet lacked the sizzle).  I ordered it 8 out of 10 on the spicy scale and to me it was a 2.  Maybe better off I don't have to sit in a bowl of ice tomorrow morning... but sometimes the pleasure is worth the pain.My friend had the spicy chicken.  Nice flavor to it.  Nothing out of the ordinary but was a very good dish.Overall, I feel the sign outside saying it is rated one of the 10 best in the country was WAY misleading.  Hell... I'm not sure it would make my top 10 even.  I did want to  go outside and hide a letter to say "county" which would be more truth in advertising!Overall... give it a shot if you are local and want some Thai.
1	I have gone to this place for 5 years and today was the last time. I ordered one of their duck dishes and it came with 4 FOUR little pieces of duck coated with something -- very small pieces, $18.00. I complained and was told essentially tough luck. I commented that it will the last time I come and the manager smiled.Stay away. There is a LOT better even in Pittsburgh.
2	I went to Thai Place for a quick dinner. I ordered the Penang Tofu, and they offer you a 1-10 spice scale. I picked an 8, because I normally do 4/5 or one step back from the comically spicy option. I was really disappointed with how it turned out. It was not even as spicy as the "mild" options are other Thai places I've been too. So, the tofu was limp, the sauce was watery, the green peppers had been frozen (c'mon, we're entering pepper season right now) and the basil was wilting.  On the plus side, they had the cut carrots into fun star shapes with the centers bored out.  But alas, even the carrots were over-cooked.I'll give it another shot and see if I can get an adequate spice level, and report back.
3	Good, but not exceptional. If you like it spicy on a scale of 1-10, order an 11. I've been there a couple times and the pad thai and tom kha soup are the only note worthy dishes I have experienced. It is a bit pricey for the small portions. If it was an extraordinary dish I wouldn't mind the prices, unfortunately that's not the case.
4	I've eaten at Thai Place for lunch on several different occasions. The food is very good, and the lunch menu is a bargain. For less tan $10, you get soup, spring rolls, and a generous lunch portion. The only thing to keep in mind is that (like most of the other reviewers have noted) the food is not very spicy.
2	I used to love eating at Thai Place and did so regularly, but on my most recent visit I was surprised at how the prices had risen, and the portions had become smaller. $13 plus tax for an average-quality entree? Their wine list is ridiculous-- $8.50 for a glass of Turning Leaf. You can buy an entire bottle for about $6. I know this is a pattern throughout Pennsylvania, but it is particularly extortionate here.I ordered the General Tso's tofu and politely asked if I could have a small amount of greens instead of rice, and my waitress kindly agreed to ask in the kitchen. I overheard her conversation with a man, presumably in charge (but not the owner), and heard him repeatedly saying '$4.99' in an angry tone. The waitress returned and said it would be $4.99 for a side salad, and I declined. I was very put off by the man's tone, which really should not have been audible to patrons.The General Tso's tofu was delicious-- crispy and flavorful. But not worth more than $8-10. The description said it came with broccoli, and it arrived with only three florets. I like a lot of vegetables with my meal, and it's clear that this isn't possible at Thai Place without spending a lot more.
2	Not a fan of Thai Place, at all.I ordered take out of fresh tofu spring rolls, tofu pad thai, and red curry with tofu. I love fresh spring rolls, but these were pathetic. The tiniest rolls ever, and the rice paper was hard instead of soft and gummy (probably a sign that these fresh rolls were in fact...not fresh at all). I bit into it, and got...a mouthful of chicken?! If I hadn't gotten takeout I would have sent them back. I'm not a vegetarian, but if I was I would've been pretty pissed. I mean, I was still pissed, but whatever.Anyway, aside from the nasty spring rolls, the pad thai was pretty good, but the red curry was just okay. I didn't feel it had much heat to it, and I ordered it 8/10 spiciness. It's not like it was terrible but...come on...how hard is it to make red curry taste decent? I don't know, I guess it's not that bad. There is just much better, even in Pittsburgh. I'd much rather go to Thai Cuisine or Bangkok Balcony.
1	Over priced, bad food and worse service, in fact the food was indistinguishable from bad Chinese food.
1	I don't get this place. Went here 3 times and ordered something different each time thinking I was missing something.Nope. Food is bland and veggies seem like the were steamed in the microwave.
2	Average chinese food... Yeah I said Chinese...there wasnt much flavor. The Tom kah soup wasn't bad. I would not go back.
3	Came here for a late dinner this weekend. No wait for a table, group of 6. Atmosphere is casual and soft.Service at Thai Place is mehh at best. We had a relatively long wait for food despite being the only group. Then, they neglected to put in one of our orders for fried calimari. It also took a couple times asking before we got ice for the water. The food was good though nothing especial. I had the panang chicken, which came out pretty well. Others in my group had the fried rice, which was eagerly devoured, as well as the fried calimari. However, many of the calimari pieces were batter only, no calimari inside! How on earth does that happen?! Lastly though, the tom yum soup drew rave reviews. Although the atmosphere was nice and the staff courteous, the long wait time combined with just 'ok' food makes me believe that there are easily better options for thai/asian food in Pittsburgh.
3	When I'm feeling so lazy that I don't want to leave Shadyside (i.e., the entire freaking winter) yet I want Thai food, Thai Place is the only option.  Their Pad Thai is merely so-so, but their curries (especially the panang) are delicately spiced and flavorful.  Unfortunately, the prices are high and the portions are not very generous.  There's better Thai in Pittsburgh, just not in Shadyside.
2	I hate to give this restaurant a "Meh." review, but after going here several times, I can't justify giving it any higher than two stars. Let me first say that the people in the restaurant are very nice. They have been accommodating of my requests and they prepare food quickly. However, I've never been satisfied with the food I've received. The first time I went, the pad thai I ordered was dry and sticky. Last time I went, I ordered curry chicken. The chicken was rubbery and the sauce was excessively oily.I wouldn't recommend this restaurant. If you're hungry and walking around Shadyside, there are a lot of other restaurants to try.
3	Went here with another friend. Atmosphere was nice overall, not that many people (maybe it was weekday evening). The waiters were very nice and respectful.She ordered Pad Thai (spicy level 2) and I ordered the Gang Dang (spicy level 4). If you enjoy spicy thai food, make sure to order spicy level 7 or above because it's not that spicy! The pad thai was quite good, but was too sweet (because not that spicy). My chicken red curry was more soupy. I liked the vegetables and the meat was well-cooked. Taste, ok. The meals were of smaller portion size. I thought it was nothing special, though. Just good thai food.Overall, if you really crave thai food, happened to be around and don't want to travel elsewhere, go here! But I would suggest Smiling Banana Leaf for the price/portion/taste.
2	Who uses soup egg noodles for phad see ew?   Wholly a disappointing experience.  Under spiced and over priced.  Sure the decor is pretty and the service is pretty good but that simply isn't enough to get three stars.Probably not returning...
2	Came here because my brother wanted some Thai food and we were visiting Pittsburgh. I won't say this ruined anything, but I guess I was expecting more.The food itself wasn't bad, and the service wasn't bad either. I was just underwhelmed. I started with the Tom Yum, and that was somewhat of a disappointment, as it was literally half full of raw mushrooms. I like mushrooms, but I'm pretty sure at that point it became a mushroom dish that was sitting in a broth instead of a soup. Also managed to try the Larb Gai (chicken salad), Panang curry, and Pad See Ew. The salad was pretty basic--it looked as though I could make it at home. Simple romaine mix you see at stores with processed chicken that looked like vomit. Tasted OK though, which was a relief. The curry was given in an odd plate, which meant the quantity was very thin. The noodles were also made with egg noodle instead of the flat rice noodles, which was quite disappointing. I've never been disappointed by Pad See Ew, except that time.Overall, food was OK and edible, but I've had better Thai food (aka this might be on the bottom list of Thai places I've been to).
3	The food is a little pricey and is decent Thai food. It's consistent, and the service has been very good every time I've been there. I don't go there when I want amazing Thai, but it's a great way to satisfy your Thai cravings in a convenient location. I've gotten the panang and pumpkin curries, as well as a few of the noodle dishes. It has always been decent but not great.
4	I love it here and I try and introduce it to as many people as possible.  They have great lunch specials (meal, egg roll and soup) and they aren't typically crowded so you can get in and out pretty quickly.  Both my  parents aren't big fans of Chinese food and I think most people associate Thai food with Chinese.  Not the case.  There are some similarities but I love the flavors and sauces used in Thai and the vegetables always seem so much more fresh.  Needless to say, my parents love it here now.I always order the spicy chicken and opt for spicing of #5 (scale of 1 to 10).  I've gone up on the scale to #7 and my eyes and nose were watering.  I love how flavorful the food is and you get an ample food for the price.  I've ordered the spring rolls or the corn fritters as an appetizer and they are very tasty and the sauce that accompanies them is perfect although it is a sweet sauce.  The Pad Thai also gets goods reviews from friends I've taken.  The place is clean and the service is attentive.  Stop by and give it a try if you're in the Shadyside area.  And on the bonus side, it's right across the street from Mercurio's so you can swing by for some gelatto afterwards.
4	Very good food with a great value. We enjoyed every dish we ordered.
2	I live in Fox Chapel, but was in Shadyside to meet up with friends. The Fox Chapel location is leaps and bounds over this one. Our soups, appetizers and entree all came out at the same time. By the time we ate our soup, everything else was cold. The service was fine, but the flavor of the dishes wasn't up to the standard of the Fox Chapel location. I know it is the same owner, but this location is lacking!I hope it improves. If not, go to the one in Fox Chapel!
3	This place is OK.  It has a standard menu and nothing's bad, but quite frankly, it's nothing to write home about either.  In plenty of cities, this restaurant would get rave reviews, but Thai food in Pittsburgh is just too good to go out of your way to eat here.  If you're in the neighborhood and hungry for Thai, it's a perfectly serviceable choice.  But it's not worth a detour.
4	This place is always kinda empty, which always freaks me out, but the food is great. Service is friendly enough, they are quiet but very attentive. I hate how the bathroom is one of those "Oh crap, I guess we need a bathroom in this place, huh? kind of bathrooms, but what can ya do? The decor is all pretty 80s/90s...this is definitely more of a takeout kind of place.
2	The food is not bad, but is rather overpriced for what you get.  The wines are similarly too high.  The service is friendly and the ambience pretty nice, but the food is slightly below average and the price point is much higher than it should be given the quality of food.
4	I travel during the week for work and get home late Thursday evenings, and I always get takeout somewhere on the way home. This is my go-to stop for takeout because the food is good, it is quick and convenient, and the prices are fair. While the food doesn't blow you away, the quality and spiciness are both consistent (with spiciness based on a 1-to-10 scale), which is hard to find here in Pittsburgh at many Thai restaurants. Also, in my experiences dining in here, the waitstaff has always been very friendly and attentive. My favorite thing to order is the Kiew Wan with chicken and the Mangoes with Sticky Rice for dessert!
2	I got some tasty tea... OK pad thai. My friend had a dish with veggies and shrimp... she liked it but wasn't raving about it.On a really sour note, I almost choked on a piece of wire that was cooked into my food. That was really a disappointment considering all the little signs and posters inside the restaurant saying it's a "TOP" restaurant. The service was pretty struggs... just a couple young kids busing the tables and working as the servers. In case you couldn't gather... no I wouldn't go here again.
3	About the same as the others said. It's edible, its alright, its by far not the best Thai food I've had. If you're on Walnut street and undecided and on foot, try something else. If you're in a car and set on Thai, there's another better place in town.
1	Over priced, small portions, and musky old look. I will never go there again. If you like over priced decent enough food go here.
4	i really liked this place. it was slightly more expensive than i thought it would be... the food was delicious, but for the amount, it was a little pricey.i ordered the iced thai coffee which was delicious... didn't really taste very thai-style, more like a mocha, but still very addicting. we also got siamese samosas, which are basically crab rangoon but better, i was quite pleased. i finally also ordered the mussaman curry bowl which was served with rice. the curry was delicious, although not nearly as spicy as i would have liked, and was expecting it to be. i also would have liked more rice on the side, but it was still delicious, so i really can't complain. my friend that i was with got the coffee as well and another curry bowl and our bill was about $45.
3	Came here for a light dinner. Great Pad Thai noodles!  Just the right amount of spice.  Chicken satay and spring rolls were good too.  Service was terrific.  We'll be back.
1	horrible experience in here.....we've been waiting 30 mins for our food and then informed that they were running out of sth that we need to change a new dish. and  this is not the worst..there's sth like a steel ball piece in my friends dish. They just took it away and then brought it back without even saying sorry.....also the lady treated us so rudely...anyway..nothing was right in here
3	We always get take out from here when we're craving Thai.  I usually opt for the Pad Thai, which is delightful.  The spring rolls are just okay.  If you randomly crave Thai, like this girl does, this will hit the spot!
1	We recently had lunch at Thai place and were very disappointed. They've cut back on quality and quantity and unfortunately it was very dirty. My husband got food poisoning. The entire menu and restaurant needs redone. We won't be returning.
1	Dude what happened to this place? It's like it fell off a cliff within the past year or so. The services and management still seems to be friendly enough, but the quality of the food has declined precipitously. Order a curry and you'll get something akin to watery chinese food. The funniest part is that they have a sign out on the sidewalk saying that they were ranked as one of the best places for Thai food in the country. That's gotta be some sort of joke.
1	Worst service we've ever had at any restaurant.
3	Unremarkable Thai food. It's not bad, it's nothing to phone home about either. Prices are decent, the location is convenient, and the service is friendly.If you're looking for really good Thai food, though, try Nicky's, Smiling Banana Leaf, or either of the Thai spots in Bloomfield.
3	Ya,  never know what you will get at the Thai Place. I have had some great lunches with good service and horrible service with the wrong meal served before. It's a crap shoot at best. Their service will go to hell if more than 5 couples come in, which makes it tough to frequent. I do like the Pad, so it gets some reps. Take your chances.
2	I had high hopes for dinner here when I walked in; it's such a nice looking place with lots of extra seating in the back, and was fairly quiet on a Wednesday evening, meaning I could comfortably talk to my friends without having to shout. Always a plus!But things overall went downhill quickly once I sat down and my group began ordering. The service was pretty bad, especially considering that our group was one of three or four tables total that even had people sitting at them. Examples of what I mean by "Pretty bad": no one ever checked on our water and only refilled our drinks if we waved them down and specifically asked for them to do so (and even grabbing a waitress to ASK for the refill was tough, because, again, they never came by the table to check on us), and a couple of us actually had to ask for green tea repeatedly from TWO waitresses before one of them brought that out. The tea itself tasted really weak and did not impress me.As for the food: a friend reported that their food was not as spicy as he thought it would be, and he asked for it at level 10. So I guess "spicy" means "mild" at this place. I personally ordered the Mongolian beef, which I thought was fairly good (the pineapple in it was a nice touch); while it wasn't an outstanding dish it was still very enjoyable. But while my main course tasted lovely the spring roll I ordered, or rather, the sauce that came with it, was horrendous. I forget what kind of sauce it was but it tasted nasty and made the roll unbearable. I used my main dish's sauce for dipping instead.I didn't even bother with dessert; in Shadyside, there's plenty of other options, and I'd had enough disappointment for one meal. Really, that's the best word to describe this place: not terrible but disappointing overall. And from what I could see during my meal here, Thai Place Restaurant is about unique and flavorful as its name.
2	Was disappointed with this place. Thought pad thai was pretty standard but it lacked flavor here. It was pretty spicy but not that enjoyable. However the spring rolls were pretty good and I enjoyed the Thai iced tea. The service was alright and the environment was nice and friendly but I don't think I will make it my staple thai place.
3	Thai fried rice was okay.  Nothing special with that dish.  Perhaps try the coconut curry instead.
1	Expensive for the quality. They are very sparing on the amount of protein in their dishes. If you are looking for good quality Thai food go to Smiling Banana Leaf, Thai Me Up or Silk Elephant.
2	Ate spring rolls with chicken, the wonton soup, and the pad Thai chicken at a 7.  The spring rolls were fresh although I recommend the no chicken option. The wonton soup was great with a tasty broth. Definitely recommend. The pad Thai chicken smelled funny and wasn't good nor was it a 7 hotness. Not spicy at all, in fact. I won't be back because the pad Thai chicken was not good. Service very nice but very slow. Not many people were in the restaurant at the time and it was snowy outside.
5	I love everything I ever get here.  When I worked in the area I'd go here for lunch 3-5 times a month.  The lunch special is a decent sized portion with a tiny spring roll and your choice of Wonton or Hot & Sour soup.  All for around $6-8.  Sometimes the egg roll or soup is cold, but the food is so good that it won't change my 5 star rating.
4	I've been going here every once in awhile for years. I am not a big fan of incredibly spicy food, so I'm sure I'm missing out on something that others really enjoy about Thai food, but I still really love this place. I usually go here when I feel like splurging on myself because it's not very cheap. Actually, at lunch they have nice lunch specials, I believe.I've had various dishes here. Usually I get the Pad Thai with chicken. I think it is absolutely delicious and the best pad thai I've ever had. Last night, I tried the Emerald Chicken for the first time. The spinach was perfectly cooked--not too wilted, not undercooked--and the chicken was tender and not dried out. The peanut sauce that came with the dish was plentiful and absolutely delicious. It was very sweet and thick. It was likely so sweet because I told the waitress I only wanted a 1 on the spice level. I actually think the dish would have been better with a little bit of spice, so I think most people would enjoy the dish even more than I did if they aren't a spice wuss like me.I have also tried their version of General Tso's chicken. That was my probably my least favorite thing of all the things I have tried there. One of my favorite things (when in season) is the mango slices with coconut sticky rice. If you have not tried this traditional thai dessert, I highly suggest you give it a try. It very well may be my favorite dessert of all time. Soup here is tasty, spring rolls fresh and crispy. No complaints about any of the food here.Lastly, I am glad that the Thai Place has a liquor license. I have never tried any of their cocktails, but I always order a glass of wine. I am happy they have variety in their wine choices, even if not a ton of variety.The service is always incredibly friendly here, though there always seems to be far too many staff on duty than is necessary. Oh well! Better safe than sorry, I suppose!
3	I have only been here once because I quickly found many other Thai restaurants in the East End with better service and much better (and better priced) food. My husband and I stopped by one Sunday after a little shopping when we were relatively new to Pittsburgh. It took a while for us to be seated, and there were maybe three or four tables filled with people in the entire restaurant.Because it was our first time at this restaurant, and because we hadn't asked for advice from friends before coming, we went with the basics: pad kee mao with chicken. I hesitate to order my favorite Thai dish, red curry, anywhere before reading reviews about it first. I absolutely hate eating mediocre red curry. It just shouldn't happen. Anyway, the pad kee mao was fine. It was on the lukewarm side, and I tasted more grease than spice. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't very good either. I took half of it home and never got around to eating the leftovers.Because there are so many delicious Thai restaurants in the East End, I don't know how Thai Place is still open and doing decent business. The only reason it is still open has to be that it's located right smack in the middle of all the Walnut Street retail madness. They probably cater to a lot of shoppers who need a quick bite to eat while shopping.Again, this place isn't terrible, it's just not the best.
1	My experience at this restaurant was not very pleasant at all. First off, the restaurant was freezing cold when my friends and I entered. We asked if they could turn up the heat and they completely ignored us. Then, we ordered our food which took a while because of some language barriers. We then waited for over an hour for our food to come. Throughout the course of our wait we asked the waitress and manager several times if our food was on its way and we were told it would be out in five minutes every time. Finally, the manager admitted about 45 minutes in that it was just starting to be cooked. At this point in time my friend still had not even received his soup that he orederd. Once we finally got our food it was cold and pretty average, especially for the wait. I asked the waitress to bring the manager to the table and she told me that I could go and see him at the front. I then asked again if he could just come to our table. After about ten minutes he finally came over and I politley explained to him how long we waited and that we were all very dispointed with both the service and the food. I asked him if there was anything that could be done. He basically just shrugged his shoulders and said he could not do anything. His excuse was that the restaurant was very busy (there were only three tables full at the time and we came in for a late dinner around 8:45pm). From what the manager said I gathered that they were to busy on their takeout orders to cater to the patrons who actually sat down at the restaurant. What should have been an hour dinner at most turned into a dinner that lasted over two hours. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!To sum it up:-Horrible service-Not putting the customer first-Average food-Impolite staffI would not recomend this restaurant to anyone! There are much better Thai restaurants in the area.
2	Pad Thai is ok...it's actually the only thing that was worth having (in my limited experience). I couldn't believe how much salt they had put in my red curry. Calamari fries...Any restaurant would do better fries. The batter kept on coming off the calamari. Would not return.
2	Thai Place is not the best Thai food I've had. The food is not that flavorful or well made and their "specials" aren't that special. The restaurant is also not the cleanest around. If you want great Thai food, venture into downtown or the North Side and go to Nicky's Thai Kitchen -- it is significantly better.
3	The reviews matched my experience. The pad Thai was ok. Nothing special. Can't say I would go back but I also would scare someone away. Don't have a lot to say other than it was just ok.  Maybe I'll give it a chance and try something else.
3	I've been going to this place for a while. It's been okay, but it really doesn't deserve any higher than this.I usually order the pad thai and it's a fine dish. It's slightly overpriced but it's fine if you just come once in a while.The food is usually nice, but today I ordered the dish "bird nest" and it was a major disappointment. The menu said "shrimps, chicken, and scallops". In reality there was ONE scallop and THREE shrimps total in the entire dish. There was an overload of chicken and almost no shrimps and scallops as described. I'm not being picky, but this is literally false advertisement. Scallops shouldn't have been plural. Service is usually okay, but I remember walking into the place at a bit past 9 and the waiters refused to serve me. They said the kitchen closes at 9:30. I said but it's not 9:30 and they said they close early that day. So I just walked out.Today I walked in at around 12 and they only gave me the regular menu. So I asked for the lunch menu (it's cheaper and i wasn't super hungry anyway). And they just rudely told me that the lunch menu wasn't available today. Okay, whatever, but when I was waiting I noticed that all the tables close to mine was getting soup. I'm really not sure if everybody just decided to order soup or if the waiters game them the lunch menu but not me.So I'm pretty disappointed. If we grade purely on the taste of the food, this place could get a 4, despite being a little overpriced. But at time the attitude really sucks.Oh by the way, if you've been there more than twice, they'll start greeting you with "Nice to see you again" or "We were talking about you. We wondered why you didn't come back for such a while". As far as I've been there, they tell me this every time and I've heard them saying this to other customers a lot too. Alright I know I sound bitchy for complaining about this, but after a while it sounds really sarcastic.
5	Always super friendly. Food is fresh and delicious. We had chicken satay,  chicken fried rice and Pad Se Ew. Delicious. That was my first time having Pad Se Ew and I loved it. Had a similar dish out of town so I was trying to find their very. I successfully found it. The place is the perfect setting for a romantic dinner or lunch with friends.
3	This restaurant is just ok, but you can do better for Thai in Pittsburgh.Fairly large selection of menu items, but prices are about 20% above what they should be and portions are a bit small.  Food is generally ok, but by no means memorable.Building is clean and staff is friendly, but I would suggest going to Nicky's, the Smiling Banana, or the Thai Restaurant in Bloomfield over this place.
1	This place advertised itself as a top 10 Thai restaurant in America. LOL. I doubt it would even be top 10 in Pittsburgh. The food was extremely bland, the prices were too high, the spiciness was sorely lacking, and the portions were too small. Will not be going back and will continue my search for good Thai food in Pittsburgh.
3	Their curries are tasty, but it is extremely overpriced in my opinion.  It's hard to justify picking this place when better and much less expensive options abound quite nearby (Thai Restaurant in Bloomfield, Smiling Banana Leaf, and Noodlehead).  I wish it were a lot less pricey, especially for lunch.  All their lunch menu prices are still in the $14-15 range (if I recall correctly), and why don't they have better lunch specials?  if I'm going to spend more on Thai food, I'm going to drive to Nicky's and enjoy the artful presentation and gorgeous garden, which are things the Thai Place can't claim.  It's too bad.
4	As a Shadyside resident, Thai Place is one of my go-to restaurants for both takeout and eat-in meals. I have always had wonderful, almost bordering on overly-attentive service, even when the restaurant is fairly full.My absolute favorite dish is the Penang curry tofu. The tofu is served soft, but flavorful, with a sprinkling of vegetables, and an abundance of coconut milk-based Penang curry sauce. The sauce is consistently well-prepared, savory, and at my chosen spice level. My second favorite would be the Sizzling Tofu, a soft-fried tofu dish with a plethora of fresh crispy vegetables in a light brown sauce.The only negative aspect of my review is that the prices are slightly higher for the volume of food received as compared to other similar local restaurants.I would definitely recommend this restaurant for both vegans, vegetarians, and omnivores. I'm vegan and the servers have always been willing to answer my questions, and work with me to ensure that my dish is made fresh and without the ingredients I choose not to consume.
