5	I 100% agree with Phillip C.I would add that all the employees are very friendly,helpful and polite and good-looking. PLUS I love the RED phones you can just pick up and ask someone for help if can't find an employee in the vicinity.The stores are never packed so theres always up close parking, theres plenty of Clean shopping carts right where you want to get them IN THE STORE. They have a security guard NOT some feeble greeter/receipt checker, the store is emaculate, sparkling clean and brightly lit. The cafe is always right when you enter the door , so you instantly smell the fresh popped popcorn, baking pizzas and hotdogs. Everything in the deli is cheap too. The nwhen you are shopping theres nobody in the doublewide aisles blocking your way, you may be 5-10 aisles before seeing another person shopping. They always have a great selection and so often you find an "Exclusive" for Target stores and it always something great. They do it alot with kids toys around Xmas so I always check then. The n of course they always have plenty of people trained to step right in an be a cashier so theres never a long wait in line so you can check out and get back over to the deli before you leave.
2	I just went to this location in Summerlin at Boca Park & I think they ripped me off. My son got a $40 gift card from Grandma for Target and he picked out 2-10pks of tech deck skateboards, 1 deck deck ramp and 3 individual tech decks. The indiviual ones are $3 each and the others were all posted as $9.99 but I paid $51-$13 each instead of $9.99. I was mad as hell but what am I gonna do about it it's my kids Christmas gift. Be sure to check your receipts and make the cashier aware they are usually very good at noticing & fixing price variations.
1	Let me start off by saying that I LOVE Target. I almost named my kid Target. I have shopped in Target stores in several states. I wish they had a -star review.  Employees at all the stores in Vegas are total douche bags and this store is douche bag headquarters! On multiple occasions, I have wanted to publicly flog the smart mouthed, dumb ass employees who won't move an inch to answer a question intelligently. The most recent and biggest problem involved the Pharmacist, Lisa Box. My family gets prescriptions here often and I have Migraines so I have to get pain pills and she never bats an eye. My husband was in the hospital for possible heart problems and we went directly to Target to get his meds. She took one look at my husband who is Black and about 6'8" and looked at the prescription then asked him "WHEN DID YOU GET OUT OF THE HOSPITAL AND WHAT WAS YOUR ROOM NUMBER?" Then she called the hospital and REFUSED TO FILL HIS Rx's despite the fact he was still wearing the hospital wrist band!!! I was furious! We went to CVS and they filled it no questions asked and said the lady over there is a RACIST and they have that problem frequently!  I'm going to report this. Another time a clerk refused to honor a sale on a red cordless phone! Her name was Maria Mendoza. Then she got an attitude and she can't spell attitude! Ashley at customer service is another gem. I always have a problem with my Target card payments being credited promptly. I had a basket full of merchandise and my card didn't go through so I had to call the credit dept. Ashley SCREAMED "SHE DOESN'T HAVE ANY MONEY!" across the store! She refused to run my card after the problem was resolved. She told me to go back and get in line because she was too lazy to recall the sale on the register. This evolved into a screaming match. At Christmas they had the only advertised TV in Vegas and kept telling me they didn't have it. I literally had to have a tantrum to get the clerk to do his job. Now I shop at Kmart rather than defiling myself by going to this poor excuse for a store. Target Greatland? Target Crapland! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN ANY TARGET IN AMERICA!
3	This Boca Park Target Greatland was remodeled last year and is now just a regular Target, but has the expanded food format, so it includes fresh food with a really big grocery section similar to SuperTarget without the services like deli and bakery. It is much more appealing now that it has been given a red face-lift, but I'm still a little bitter that they removed Taco Bell Express. -2 stars because the team members here aren't as available or as willing to help as a typical Target, and this location is ALWAYS insanely busy. This has to be the busiest Target store in Nevada. They do have a really nice electronics section now though. Target Cafe on the left enterance with Pizza Hut Express, and store services include Pharmacy, Photo, and Portrait Studio.
3	Decent Target.  They added a produce/food area recently.  The lines can be long with a slow check-out.  Great location though, with ample parking.  Great place to stock up on supplies when staying at a nearby hotel.
4	When I'm looking for a little better quality stuff than what Wal-Mart can deliver, I head to Target.  This particular store is one of my favorites in Las Vegas because it's a Greatland Store....which means it's massive and has a lot of items to choose from, which is what I prefer when I go to a big-box store.This store is also always very clean and the employees are friendly.  I was there earlier today to pick up various household items and was able to find it easily and get through the checkout line quickly.....two huge points in my book.Will I return?  Absolutely!
4	i LOVE target! this is probably the biggest target that i've ever been to. they even have a really large food/grocery area...you can't do all of your food shopping here but at least you can get the basics if you really need them. i also love that its just a hop, skip, and a jump from my new place. this could be trouble.
3	Someone please tell what is a Target Greatland? I personally did not find it so great. I believe the store is less than 10 years old from what I read online but the store looked quite rundown and dirty. No one asked me if I needed help. I had a long line at the checklanes. I would have just left but I really wanted to but the holiday Lego Bullseye 2010 gift cards. I usually like to walk around Target and was curious to see what the difference between a regular Target is and a Target Greatland but I spent less than 20 minutes here because of my dislike. I saw a small grocery section with cold and frozen food so I'm guessing that's the difference. Hopefully when I visit again, this Target will have stepped it up. ^_^*~
2	This store is pretty disorganized and messy.  I was shopping for toys to donate to charity and the toys were just strewn everywhere.  This could have been caused by kids playing, but other sections looked like this, too.  I'm not the most organized person in the world, but I hate sifting through stuff at stores trying to find the thing I want.  I do that at home enough.  I don't need to do it when I am shopping.  If the shoppers are doing it, fine, but someone should be walking the store and putting everything back in its appropriate place.There is a Pizza Hut Express by the entrance which seems to be a favorite hangout for teenagers in the area.  They don't appear to be buying anything - just hanging out at the tables.  I'm not sure of the allure but I did dumb crap like this when I was a teenager, too.The restrooms are by the entrance which is nice because this is a huge store and it would be annoying to have to walk through the whole thing to find a restroom.It's not longer a Target Greatland, though.  The sign just says Target. It's still a huge Target with a lot of crap.  But either this Target lost the designation or Target just pulled the brand entirely.
3	I love target for the storage section. I can normally find some decent containers there.I wish all the stores were laid out exactly the same so no matter which one you went to, you know where to find  exactly what you need, quickly!  How easy and organized would that be for any of the chain stores to have a consistent layout!
4	This is my favorite Target in Las Vegas. Maybe it's the location, or the fact they now sell produce, or maybe it's that I have the layout memorized in the back of my head (they are pretty much all the same). ;)I am always able to find whatever I need. I haven't really paid attention to the times that I shop, but it's hasn't ever been jam packed as far as I can remember. I am in and out as long as I don't get distracted by their end cap sales...There was maybe one time that I was trying to by office furniture and they didn't have what I wanted in stock. I proceeded to another Target to see if they had it and they didn't even carry it. Other than that, every experience has been great and I am looking forward to shopping my little heart out tomorrow.
3	Well its a big Target, what can you really review unless you were shot here or got a Blowjob in the aisle.
4	Super excited to find out this Target now has extended hours! I personally think all Target stores should be open later but for now I will just celebrate that Las Vegas finally has a Target open til 11pm. So first they remodeled and added the "Pfresh" expanded food format, and now this... they're going in the right direction now. I can't believe how many times I've needed to grab something right at about 10:02pm, especially after coming out of a sporting event which usually ends right as Target is closing. Now I can get my groceries here late, I'm happy :-)  There is also a Photo Lab, Portrait Studio, and Pharmacy inside!
5	This place is great. My wife and I catch ourselves coming here alot. It is located in a strip mall type area and the customer service is great. My wife used to work at a target back in Omaha and it is the same people always asking if they can help you find things and always trying to help you with something. They dont always have everything you are looking for but of you ask someone will help you find it and if they don't have it they will look it up for you at another target. Target is not like walmart with prices though they are a bit more expensive but most of the time it is worth it all because of the customer service. Like I said in my walmart review we might be coming to target more than walmart now plus it will save on gas because it is right down the street. If walmart isn't doing you justice find your local target in your area and have a stab at it.
5	Whenever I need just about anything, I can get it from Target! I love this place! They have everything from clothes and shoes to toys and games to sports equipment to electronics and a bunch of great things for the house and car, all at good prices! This target also has a mini supermarket in it where you can buy groceries, produce, frozen foods, candy and snacks! The store is always very clean, well-kept, organized, and well stocked. It is really easy to find whatever you need at a great price! I buy a lot of clothes here and have been really pleased with them. Target has an exceptional return policy which allows you to return most things within 90 days with the receipt for a full refund! So whatever you need, you can most likely get it at a low price from Target!
3	I stopped in here today to get an item that another chain did not have in stock.  Parking was easy and close to the door--surprisingly.  I didn't know the layout so I had to look until I found the right aisle.Checkout was quick and the cashier did not push in his question about getting a Target card.This is not the Target I'd go to, but it was on my way home from United Blood Services so it made a handy stop.
5	Target! (Tar-shzay) It's like a clean Supercenter Walmart with cuter stuff.I've lived next to this location for a very long time.. and now that I'm older, I really enjoy it :]They've got Hello Kitty stuff, cute clothes for cheap in the clearance, & a food court! & it's down the street?! This is the bomb shizzle.I mean.. not thee biggest electronics section.. but hey, that's what the Bestbuy up the street is for. DUH! :]
4	This place is like a second home to me! I live semi close to it and always hit Ross, Target, Sallys, Tillys, and Applebees up at the same time! This Target is very clean and well organized. I also love the grocery area here!! We usually go later in the evening when its not soo busy, and this day I came to find stuff for chicken fried rice.To my surprise they had green onions! I was like WOW! The food here is priced almost equal to Walmart (I dont shop there for groceries though) but its sooo cool because you can get all the fixins and a cute pair of shoes! I was walking down the grocery aisles and found some choco covered marshmallow, yum! I was also VERY surprised to see cilantro lime rice! AND it was only 2.39$! The prices here are reasonable for sure! We got some yummy peanut butter fudge Target brand ice cream and some chicken noodle soup (which I needed the next day because I have REALLY bad strep!!) that was on sale! The ice cream cones were only 1.02 for 12 and my son got his beloved honey nut cheerios as well!!Another thing I love about this Target is their clearance section! Its huge! Now others may make fun of me because I'm frugal, but trust me it pays! I bought a super cute bathing suit top for 5.36$! It was normally 19.99$!! They have a great selection of plus sized clothes as well at this Target. The children's section is also my fave! I always find inexpensive clothing for my 5 yr old and he loves the toy section here. This is where I also by my shampoo for my hair because the Target brand is as good as the others!This past time we went in the food court area was closed off; I'm assuming its getting a face lift! Maybe it'll be like the Targets in San Jose and offer Starbucks! One thing I would LOVE to see at this Target is the new shopping carts! They're awesome and super chic!All in all I will def frequent this place like a mofo!
1	If you don't mind fake prices and offers....you would LOVE this poor excuse for a store. We went shopping there today. I hate it when companies don't honor a price. They left a offer up for buy 2 Wii and get one free (current offer is buy 2 get $20 gift card - other offer is better). The offer ended on the 11/5. Not my problem. They should honor it because for over 10 days the store employees walked passed it not paying attention. So I brought to the attention of one the Electronics dept employees. She did the right thing and got a manager. Which inturned got the Store manager. Who said "The most I could do is offer 10% off one item."  They made a huge mistake in taking me as a pushover. I was going to spend well over a hundred. Too bad Susan really wanted I sweater. I tried talking her out of it. So on the UP side, thanks for saving me the money.  I already tried calling them. No luck. Message says to email after hours.I guess that is a Joke also!!!!! No Luck----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I just got off the phone with HeadQuarters. They didn't want to help either, but said they will contact the store and let them know. Whatever! I guess my money can be spent elsewhere!!
1	This target has the worst customer service, the employees are rude, the managers don't help and every timeI have been here the lines are extremely long and they are short of help. Avoid this target if at all possible, it's horrible and it will only put you in a bad mood!
1	I have been shopping at Target stores for many many years now, and this is by far the worst location I've ever had the displeasure of visiting!I usually only shop at the Target close to my house off of Flamingo and Grand Canyon.  But I was shopping there for a certain piece of workout gear and they didn't have my size in stock.  So I called this location and after getting juggled between multiple employees over a 10 minute period I finally got someone to confirm that they not only had my size, but they had plenty of them.  So I decided to make the 10 or so minute drive up to get the item.Upon arriving, I walk into what I would call one dirty, horribly unorganized store.  It looked like the carpet hadn't been vacuumed in a long ass time.  There are clothes just laying on the dirty floor off of the racks.  I am already not impressed with this place and it's only been 30 seconds.  I start walking to where I'm assuming the men's clothing section is.  I do a full circle and still haven't found it.  I finally see an employee and ask them where it is and they point behind a wall that I was figuring was the back of the store, but it's actually just some stupid divider.  I scan all the racks twice and not only do I not see my size that was promised was here, but they don't even have the item stocked.  Not even one ugly color in the wrong size.  They don't have shit!  So I track down another employee which took about 10 minutes and tell them that I called and was assured the item was here.  They look with me for a minute or so and say "Yeah, guess not" and walk away.  So needless to say this was a wasted trip!  A waste of gas and a waste of about an hour of my time.So while I'm still a fan of Target in general...fuck this location!
2	Used to love coming to this Target.  It's so close to home.  Convenience is a must these days.  But to be honest, their customer service has gone wayyy down.  I'm not the type to need someone to hold my hand either.Had some heavy loads for "a girl", and the first guy to help me was spot on.  He offered before I said anything, no complaints either.  But up front at the cashwrap, different story.  Wouldn't let me leave without PROPER HELP...which didn't come for a good 10 minutes.  Little bit of a time crunch people!  The other folks at registers just stared at me or stared around the store looking through the aisles for...well for all I know they were looking for Jesus but I know HE wasn't about to come outa the clouds and help me.  SO tempted to just leave and do it myself...Ahhh oh well.  Eventually the poor guy with a busted hand opted to help to save the rep of his store...he was just a smidge late.  But um, thanks dude..hope your hand is healing nicely.
3	This is generally clean and well stocked. The lack of self-checkout or express lanes is frustrating about all Targets. Their half-hearted attempt to be a grocery store has failed n my book.
5	I LOVE this Target! It is so much bigger with more selections than the Targets on my side of town. When I went here on a whim because I happened to be out on the west side of town I couldn't believe how much better stocked this Target was than other stores I have been to.The aisles are clean and there is much more merchandise to pick from. I noted this specifically in the home decor section, which had a wonderful selection of mirrors, wall art, lamps, and side tables. These things are sparse at other Targets around the East side.I like the setup of this Target as well. I think Greatland Targets should replace ALL Targets because it makes the quality of the shopping experience much better. All in all I wish this place were closer to me, but even with the lengthy drive it may become my go-to Target from now on.
5	This is the best Target I've been to. It's clean, huge and has a supermarket. I've never been to a Target this big or clean or one with a supermarket, so it gets extra points. The staff is always friendly and everything is easy to find. Prices in the supermarket are great. There are always sales, so it's easy to get sidetracked with food bargains. Always bring a list so you don't get sucked in to random sales and spend more then you want. At least that's how I roll.
5	I love love love this target, there is one MUCH closer to my house, but when I'm bored and I need to kill sometime, I head over to this store! The lay out is a little weird, but its a HUGE store! I love the cosmetics section of this store. They do need to face their shelves more often, it can appear to be picked over.Parking is a breeze and within walking distance of other shops. I love the house brand, up& up, it works well and costs much less!  I always appreciate them not trying to talk me into a target card, some of their staff should be a little bit more quiet, I can always hear their conversations from far away, and that's a little annoying, especially when they're talking about other customers lol
5	Fantastic customer service experience to report!!A few weeks ago I had purchased a Zero Water filtration system from Target. The system touted itself as superior to both Britta and all other water filters. At first it was great, and the water tated good. However, I noticed that the filter lasted much less time than the Britta before the water started tasting bad. So, I returned and bought a two pack of filters for $30.00. So now I had $75.00 invested in this product.The next water filter began producing horrible tasting water after 1 week! I figured maybe it was defective, threw it out, and tried the other filter. Well, that one lasted only 4 days!Without a receipt, and with only 1 of the 3 filters, I brought everything I did have back. I was expecting nothing, as I didn't have the receipt nor did I have the box the pitcher came with. Lisa G was the customer service rep who helped me.  I was expecting a battle and little results. What I got was friendly, caring, understanding, and outstanding service!! She was able to find both credit cards I had used for the two purchases and refunded my money happily....and she apologized too!!  She is awesome and I so appreciated her help.By the way, I had first contacted Zero Water customer service, and they were uninterested in helping me.  They said Las Vegas has too many particles in the water (or whatever they are), and the filter wear out very quickly here. "Why do you sell your products in markets whose water won't allow them to work," I asked? No response.  Plus she was unwilling to do a thing about it.Not Lisa G at Target, though. She not only returned my money, she promised she would alert management that they are carrying a substandard water system, and try to help get the product removed from the shelves!Thanks again, Lisa G. You are a huge assest to your company. Bravo!!
3	Meh. That's how I feel about this Target. It just never does anything for me which is surprising for a Target, particularly a Target of this size.This is probably one of the biggest Targets in town, but I find their selection to be lacking and am put off by how messy and disorganized some of the sections tend to be.I do like that they have an extensive home goods section. They have more picture frames, pillows, sheets, organizational stuff that I've seen at any other Target,  but that's where the good comparisons stop.The women's clothing section always seems to be understocked and messy. The hygiene/personal care section seems to be really crammed into one section-like it was added to the store as an after thought. And the food storage section (Ziploc, tin foil, tupperware, etc.) is just really small. These are sections that I come to Target mostly for because those items tend to be cheaper (not counting Wal-Mart which doesn't count because I don't shop there) than other places.Overall, for it's size, this is an OK Target, nothing special.
4	I've been to 3 Targets in Vegas and in order of preference: 1) Rainbow Blvd, 5-stars: easy parking, store's never crowded, Greenland Market is across the street (so I sometimes just walk to/from Greenland to buy what I need)2) Charleston Blvd, 4-stars: conveniently on the way to Summerlin Costco but this Target and its parking lot can get crowded since it's in a strip mall3) Decatur Blvd, 3-stars: I don't care for the clientele.
4	This one's always super busy and hence, the shelves are not always stocked well enough to accommodate the volume of customers. That's about my only complaint. Other than that, I always shop here before walmart because they are closer and pretty much seem to have what I need.I prefer the Flamingo/215 store though!
4	I don't know if this Target has been remodeled or if it was designed as such, but it has the newer floor plan with the groceries which is going up around the US.  They're basically setting it up for bigger and smaller stores to sell pretty much everything you need to compete with Walmart smaller store move.In general, Target historically was always a bit pricier than Walmart. However, since the economic downturn, it's actually fairly comparable.   I liked how this store was laid out and it actually has a pretty sufficient in home goods.Other than that, pretty typical.  Oh yeah.  They don't carry coffee stir sticks.
4	I've liked Target before it became TarJAY. It does seem to a bit more pricey these days though- is that my imagination? But I don't have a fear that I might be buying junk there, the way I worry sometimes when I buy stuff at Walmart.   Just seems that Target is more about quality while Walmart is more about cheap.  There's good and bad in both approaches, it seems.Target is usually clean, organized and brightly lit. It's fun to browse there, while Kmart and Walmart are aggravating to me. The staff are friendly. There's a tad more of a professional air at Target (to match their higher prices and quality, I suppose). Jade C. said she goes to Target when she's bored sometimes. I have, too- and I would go nowhere near a Walmart just to have something to do. Target is smart in making their stores pleasant to browse through.Bottom line: When I think about housewares and gifts and I have a little extra dough, Target is my first pick.
3	Meh. This is an older Target store with the electronics dept tucked away in the front corner with merchandise that doesn't really sell anymore. Overall this location was kind of picked over, and I just wasn't impressed. And what good are 20+ registers if only 3 are open with long lines? I never get that. Las Vegas needs SuperTargets. And if they bring that concept to Vegas, this is one store that needs to be replaced with a SuperTarget.
3	I love Target but I don't like this particular store as much as the one near my home on Blue Diamond Rd. The parking and traffic around this Target is horrible. This Target is much bigger, and has a large grocery section, but it doesn't make me like it more. It always seems super crowded. I only stop in this location if I'm in the area and need something from Target, otherwise I stick with my local store.
1	The Target its self is great, but their portrait studio is awful. I had the worst experience taking my newborn there for her first photographs. The photographer had her shoes off the whole time, and it would've been fine if her foot odor wasn't so overbearing. She had no ideas when it came to my daughters poses or wardrobe. My daughters father did most of the work while she just snapped random pictures with her camera. she was very unprofessional and the pictures looked like shit. no editing, not the best lighting- i could've done a better job with my iPhone, now i know. Never again!
3	I'm a Target-aholic. I shop them nationwide. I know Target.I can't say that this is a bad Target, but I wasn't asked if I needed help while I perished the electronics department along with three other people for a lengthy 20 minutes. I'm not used to that and we could have used the help! Walked out empty handed. Sigh!
5	I love this Target. I have been shopping here since it opened in 99 or something. It's huge, it has everything and it is always clean and presentable. I honestly don't know how to review this other than it is perfect. I'm here all of the time.
3	Close to my house so it's convenient. Always clean but nothing special. Just a regular Target
5	I love this Target!  It is a Greatland style and it has everything!  It is so nice to go to one place and get all of my home needs, groceries, baby supplies, and maybe a cute new pair of sandals too.  The store is huge, well stocked, and the employees are super friendly and helpful.  Just a great store overall!Target is already my happy place, but this location adds a cherry on top!
5	Target, I love you. I love your tidy aisles. Your blushing red decor. Your friendly staff. And most importantly your clearance racks. This location is my favorite. Please don't tell all the other Targets, I said this. They could get jealous.
2	I generally am a fan of Target especially this one because it's big, clean and close to my house.  Nicole in customer service kind of killed that for me today.  Unfortunately, I can't quit Target completely but I learned a valuable lesson today which is on line purchases are a pain in the a** to return to the store and per their own policy of refunding you in the same manner you paid that is not what Nicole, the team member who assisted me did.  So either she has poor math skills or their computer system didn't calculate correctly because my transaction is wrong and now I have to deal with customer service via phone to try and rectify.  Consider me a less frequent Target shopper from now on.
3	Target is way better than Walmart but I still can't get into this place. I have been here so many times for so many different items and always have the worst luck. I never find anything I like or need.They have really cute clothes but they always look terrible when I try them on. I never find grocery items I need and I hate the parking lot. It is always crowded and the spots are so small.They do have a nice selection of greeting cards so I will give them that.
5	Yay My 100th Review and I give it to my love for Target!I LOVE TARGET!  Its my favorite lunchtime stroll when in place of spending money on lunch I spend money on random items. LOL  I love the housewares section and the women's clothing has some cute things that I cant do without occasionally.  You can find anything for everyday life right at this store.   In fact, if you were in my home I could probably point to most things I see as coming from Target.  Departments that they have are Grocery, Health and Beauty, Accessory (purses and jewelry), Outdoorsy Stuff (furniture, cushions, grills etc), Housewares (anything for every room in the house), Babies Section (clothes, car seats, furniture, toys etc), Kids Section (clothes and accessories), Shoes,  Toys, Electronics, Books and Magazines, and Womens and Mens clothing-and probably many more departments but that's all I can think of.  Don't forget that they have a mini-cafeteria type place in the front which serves items from Pizza Hut.  Some of the Targets I've been to have a Starbucks but this one doesn't.This store is probably one of my favorites amongst all other Targets.  I'm sure I've been in most all of them at one time or another.  This Target though has been open for sometime now but is well kept up because it still has that newer feel to it.  Its always stellar clean.  Mr. Security Guard greeted me with a smile, grabbed a cart for me and told me to "enjoy my shopping".  So cute for a big guy to say I thought and great entrance greeting to the store. As I did my little walk around I found my much wanted yellow lamp that I needed for my family room.  Every employee that I crossed greeted me with a smile and an offer to help me find something.  Is this for reals??  The manager must be very hyped on the customer service factor because I felt pretty important just walking through. haha  I went through the check out.  The guy was pretty nice.  The best part was on my way out when Mr. Security Guard says "enjoy the rest of your day and I love your lamp".  I smiled all the way to the car. That guy needs a raise! ;)
2	Just stopped by to get an iPad cover.....they have the 'boom box' section on the same isle. The music is so loud and when you turn it down, with in 5 secs it goes right back to full blast...couldn't take the crap song at 8000 decibels. Just walked out and went home and now I'm angrily typing this with a headache on my uncovered iPad with a beer.....target failed me!
4	I love target. Always clean and the staff are very friendly. I got my red card which gives me 5% discount on all purchases. Highly recommend.
4	I recently purchased a tv online and wouldn't you know it, it arrived broken on delivery. Wah wah. Looking for a replacement, this was the only store in town that had a replacement. I arrived around 6 and customer service quickly requested assistance to help bring the tv in from my car. Friendly and efficient service and they already had my replacement at the front desk ready for the exchange. The whole process was easy and took about 5 minutes. Fantastic. I'll definitely be back to this location.
3	Most women are Target addicts, and I'm no exception. I go in for a few basic things because I don't like supporting Walmart, and end up spending over $100 and forgetting one oft he most important things on my list. It happens nearly every time.Have been to this particular location 3 times in the past 36 hours. Got all those basic new-home necessities we didn't bring with us: bath towels, pots and pans, sheets and comforters, silverware, and okay, yeah, a new purse too. But it was on clearance! Don't judge me.Noticed that there were few lines open each time we went, so lines weren't particularly long but did take a little longer than Im used to. Employees friendly and efficient. Have been able to find parking right in front all three times too, which is almost unusual!
4	Have not been in this Target in quite awhile. Came in for notebook paper, of all things. Happened to walk in to see the womens clothing. They have really changed their clothing line for the better.Found the paper, although it was bit of a hunt. Not a big deal though. All in all, I really like Target. It is always a pleasant experience.
5	Been coming to this Target since it was opened. The staffs are friendly. This Target always has the supplies. Not as crowded plus always has the supplies when I needed them. The location is clean and good staffs.
4	You can't really have too many complaints about Target. It is usually clean, the employees are friendly, and they have pretty much everything you want (albeit, they are more expensive than Wal-Mart and have a smaller selection of certain items). This Target is no exception. The quality of items, especially clothing, accessories, and shoes, tends to be higher than that of Wal-Mart as well.   Additionally, they have a grocery section in case you need to purchase food items. Because this Target is located in a large shopping center with a lot of other stores, sometimes parking is a bit difficult, but that is a small concern in the grand scheme of things.
4	Target is always more expensive and I try to avoid them like a plague since I know that once I step foot in there I'd want to buy a bunch of crap that I didn't need. Oh, and don't get me started on the dollar section, I always find myself trapped in that section looking for something I didn't need. This location looks well organized and new. It's located in a nice area as well and doesn't look sketchy on the outside. They have a great selection on home decor and goods. I really like a lot of the fresh new styles that they put on display. This is a great place to come and get some accessories or style pieces for your home.Plus, you have to try their target brand (market pantry) soft french baguettes that they sell! We only buy this type of bread and it's perfect when you toast them up at home. We're addicted! We grab a 3 baguettes at a time and freeze them if we don't use them. They freeze very well!
2	I love Target but I had the worst cashier experience ever tonight. Jackie is by far thee SLOWEST CASHIER! Holly on the other hand breezed through 3 different people with a lot of items being purchased while Jackie stood there chit chatting with a woman, while all of us others waited in line. Even the people in Holly's lane noticed it. Absolutely ridiculous!
5	This place is so awesome. They have so many Legos in there always never out. That is why I love this target location.
2	I love Target, but absolutely hate this location/ store.  It seems like it is setup very different than other Targets making it difficult to find anything. Additionally, I can't ever find anyone to help me locate anything.  Super frustrating! Went in today for the LAST time!! I looked an item up online prior to arrival and of course couldn't find it. Spent an addition 15 min tracking an "associate" down, still can't find the item. Annoyed to say the least.
2	Target is not exactly my "go to" store. I rarely find what I need and when I do it's pricey.  I went in for a foam roller used for workouts and was stunned a piece of foam was $40+++.  Walked out and bought one on Amazon.com for $18 and free shipping.Note:  Target has decided they will not allow guns nationwide but will "comply with all local laws"  Local laws require a sign on the door saying no firearms and CCW holders have to leave the gun behind.  No sign yet.   As soon as it goes up I won't shop there... it's just asking for trouble to publicly say "no one in here can protect themselves from a criminal with a gun"
2	I love target just not this location. Every time I come here there are only 3 or 4 registers open (with long lines) and stocking carts all over the store abandon.
5	Really Nice Employees at this store. They were so helpful when we were trying to get a group of items to match. They called other store & put luggage on hold for us to run & pick up.  It was a great experience & I would shop here anytime I am in the neighborhood. Very Nice!
4	This store is a great alternative to Walmart, although things are a bit more expensive. The customer service here is great, and the store seems to always be well maintained.
1	worst customer service ever. o was harassed by the workers here multiple times being called a liar and then not following their own policies
4	Very good shopping experience, good prices - even better with sale prices, but today stock was too low, esp in HeaLth & Beauty Dept. Emps are helpful in locating items & lots of checkout stands open.Parking is plentiful & close!
1	Manager Mercedes is the worst manager for people that use coupons. 1 per purchase, means 1 per item!! Not 1 per transaction!! And telling me your store coupon policy changed while corporate told me over the phone you were lying about that, but that every store has the same policy. She just hates couponers... It's pretty pathetic but I won't argue there anymore. Corporate gave me a gift card to make up for the rudeness of Mercedes and they told me they would handle it. They advised me to go to another Target.
5	Black Friday Eve 6pm Thanksgiving Day!  The line to get in was wrapped around back of store.  They were passing out maps, cliff bars and adorable little fire crackers that if you opened you revived a coupon for a free cookie.  You can tell a lot of time was invested on them.  Very cute touch!  Bought a sick TV for my new house.  As I wS checking out a young man named Ryan asked if I'd like help getting it carried to my car...WHY YES HERO...hell I couldn't even lift it in my cart so j dragged it to register.  As Ryan is walking me to my car another young man his name was Ray sees Ryan getting ready to start the process of loading the TV up on the truck...and offers to help and I just bought my brand new car im still learning bells and whistles.  Ray suggests we put the seats down I obviously have no clue how and to be honest I'm so tired I couldn't even commute what they were taking about..Ray got in and taught me how to put the Sears down as he himself did it so I know in the future how.  So kind.  Seriously cool guys.  Give a raise or paid day off or even just a gift card and good job...me being in the service Ind am beyond grateful they went way above and beyond all with a smile and probably empty tummies while all their friends are probably eating and watching football with family!  I hope they read this!  Good Job guys...
4	I remember when this Target opened way back in 2000.  It was and still is a glorious store.The addition of a grocery section has definitely given it the upper hand when competing with other large chain stores.  It makes this place very convenient. The employees here are professional.  The store is clean.  The products are organized.  The brands of cloths they carry I would say are of higher quality than another store that starts with "W" and ends in "T."They are opened late and it is much appreciated.  I would recommend this store.
5	I'm a huge target fan and personally I love the big targets so much! When I walked in today there was a Starbucks! This is still relatively new but it made my day! Anywho the workers at this location are always so helpful! I always love coming to this one cause it has everything I need!
2	I LOVE target but this one has gone way downhill. It's so dirty compared to the flamingo location. Parking is always a hassle and employees are unprofessional and not friendly. Not coming back.
