2	I love BBQ's, so if it seems harsh too bad, I am demanding.Service is fine.Food is sub-par, typical BBQ fair nothing great or exciting.Def not one of my fave fives.
4	I'm not enough of a BBQ connessoir to know how authentic their bbq is but I find Memphis Championship BBQ to be great tasting and a great value.  Their Grand Champion Plate is huge and a great value; one order can easily feed two and includes beef and pork ribs, chicken, links, pulled pork and brisket. The chicken fried steak is also very good.
4	We did not feel like driving all the way to the Strip or hit up another chain restaurant. This place was close to where we live (the base) so we had dinner there. The menu was extensive, but they had a great price for a full rack of baby backs. They were incredible. The meat came off the bone with ease. The dry rub, Magic Dust, added a ton of flavor. The drizzle of sauce was enough to add a tang to it without drowning it. It was perfect. The red beans and rice and homemade cole slaw were great. The large homemade roll with honey butter was great. Had the banana pudding for dessert. Tasted my wife's dessert, apple crisp. Both were yum. The decor and service were comfortable and low key. Not ostentatious like other barbeque places tend to be. This place has been around for a long time and subtly refers to its longevity with all the thank you memorabilia on the walls. A great meal, will go back again...
4	I've been eating at this place for years and it is great and consistent. Lunch is my normal meal and The King is always great and served in authentic Memphis style with cole slaw on the sandwich. The ribs, chicken and anything that comes off the smoker is also good. You can also get REAL sweet tea here and for a treat try the Sweet Apple tea. I'm not sure it's authentic never having had it in Memphis, but it's still good. Being from the South and loving real Memphis style BBQ eating here is the next best thing to being on The River! They have a few of these around town and I've eaten at a couple of others. They seem to all be equal quality.
5	I have been coming here for at least 8 years. I am never dissapointed with my meal. We almost always order fried pickles and two meat combos. This was my sons first place where he tried ribs and he's been a rib lover since!
1	I don't know WHO thinks this is real BBQ. They must have either 1) never eaten real BBQ or 2) never had food with flavor before.This CRAP is disgusting, bad location, no flavor. Brisket sandwich had NO flavor or bbq sauce and all fatty meat. The TriTip was just a few slices of fatty meat with no flavor.The hus puppies were OK, kinda burnt. For $25 bucks I'd rather eat anywhere else. What a waste of time and money.
1	Why we came? For the convenience near Nellis....never doing that again.  One word horrible. I ordered the sliders lunch special and my husband ordered ribs. Wow!  Tasteless!  Our sides were mac and cheese, collard greens and creamed corn.  The sides were tasteless and salty. Nasty. Service was awful too.
3	I tired this place today for the first time, the food seemed a little hit and miss.  Things I liked; sweet tea, honey butter, soft bread, brisket, and the s'mores dessert.  Things that were a little miss; corn on the cob, mac and cheese, green beans, and the turkey.  I supposed I would eat here again if I was in the area but it's not really in an area I would go out of my way to get to.  If that makes any sense at all.  Thumbs down to the odd bathroom layouts and stalls that are missing hooks for your purse.
4	If southern, vinegar based "Q" is your desire this place is awesome (for the most part). Their brisket is hands down AMAZING with perfect red bark and it's oh so tender and their ribs are world champions apparently. The hostess had a bad attitude but the waitress made up for it with hers, and the mac n' cheese was sad (from a box and fake as it gets). Otherwise the food was wonderful and the atmosphere is a fun tribute to the south with old pictures, barbecue awards and road signs on the wooden walls. All their meat was cooked perfectly and although I like my "Q" a little on the sweet side the flavors on everything were wonderful. I'd highly recommend this place for a gathering off the Vegas strip to anyone in town... and if you're too tired to dine in apparently you can also use the drive through!
3	Food was decent but service slow.
3	The bbq here is pretty good.  It isn't anything to write home about, but it certainly is worth a stop.  Down sides, it has a very chain feel to it, and there isn't much for a spicy selection.
3	We showed up for lunch and the place was busy. We waited for nearly 15 minutes. The restaurant sported a Comprehensive barbecue menu. I ordered a half rack of the baby back ribs with beans and slaw. The ribs were almost dry - not moist and juicy as expected. The beans and slaw were very good. Service was good and prompt. Prices were ok.
5	I don't know how close Memphis is to being considered "Real BBQ" and I have seen some of the reviews here bashing on this place claiming It Is an Imposter of Real Authentic Wholesome American BBQ... but all I can say Is this place has DAMN good BBQ... I love this place, love the food, love the staff, love the old juke box, love it love it love it! I would come here everyday If I didn't care for cardiac arrest or obesity.
4	First of all, anyone who bashes in this place is obviously an over zealous "high and mighty" Yelper. Being in the military, and being stationed at Nellis for 3 months, this place is practically off base and is great for some comfort food.This place isn't gourmet, ritzy, or trying to impress you in any way. All it is, is down home really sweet servers and good food to come with it. The place is covered with squadron patches which is really cool.I've been here 3 times and had "The King" pulled pork sandwich every time! It's so yummy when you're craving a sammich. I keep the coleslaw on it and slather the sticky red sauce in it for maximum sauciness. Wait staff is always so nice and helpful. I'm leaving Nellis today cuz i'm done with my TDY, but i surely will be back!
4	Every time I make a Vegas trip I hit up this place on the way out. This is so far the closest thing in BBQ away from Memphis. I have only ordered the baby backs, but I am confident that the rest is just as good. Slow cooked, smokey, and fall off the bone goodness.Don't forget to take some Apple Ice Tea to go!
5	Myself and three co-workers went today, and the atmosphere was great, our waitress, was attentive, and everyone cleaned their plates except skinny Janie, who takes two days to eat one meal. I will get my fingers into bar-b-que here again.
4	MMMMMMMmmmmmmmMMMMMMMmmmmm!!!! yeah its that good :)
2	The only good tasting food here is the pulled pork sandwich, everything else is poor. I am from the east coast where we have BBQ cook offs and such, so I know good BBQ. This place does a poor job in my opinion. Friendly waitresses/servers and good sweet tea but that's about it.
4	Lunch time is extremely busy after 11:30 since this is right by base and military people go on lunch breaks around 11ish, but i came here at 11 and we were seated and our orders were taken right away. I had the buffalo chicken salad... its a little on the spicy side, but it was pretty good! Prices were decent. My salad was 7 bucks, so that was good enough for me, cant complain! friendly waitress, good food, fast services=satisfied customer :)
2	The atmosphere and decor are cool. The service is friendly enough mostly. It's the food that totally lets this place down. The sides are ok and so are the burgers, but if anyone associated with this joint won any BBQ championships (the sign does say 1992), it sure wasn't with their tough grey shoe sole brisket (as a self-respecting Texan, I couldn't make myself eat it...I would've sent it back, but was there on a big family outing and didn't have the moral courage to make a fuss) or their chewy ribs that are as much bone as meat. Nope. Whoever won those BBQ championships are either no longer around or have forgotten good BBQ. The desserts didn't make up for it, either.  Rather disappointing. For really good authentic BBQ in Vegas, go to Stoney's North Forty or Famous Dave's (I still can't choose between them which is the better).
3	I expected so much more from here.  Everyone was telling me how good this place was so my taste buds were primed for some good BBQ.  I had the "King" also known in some circles as "Memphis Style"...pulled pork sandwich topped with slaw.     -- The Pork had good flavor, but the sauce (Origional) was just kind of 'meh'    -- They were a little skimpy on the slaw...I think at most there was 1-2 tablespoons of the stuff on my meatThe collard greans were quite tasty so that was a nice bonus, but not enough to give the place another star. The drinks come out in HUGE mason jars and they give you a to-go cup to take the rest with you.
3	I was so disappointed.  Walking in looked like I was at a bbq place in S.C., soda served in jars, roll of paper towel on the table, so I couldn't wait to try all the sides and a pulled pork sandwich.  The pulled pork sandwich was really the only item that was half way decent tasting.  My friend had the burnt ends brisket, blech!  Tough meat.  The sides, well the hush puppies were sooo overfried you couldn't chew them.  Green beans, meh, definitely not what Cracker Barrel puts out.  Rest of sides were edible but not seasoned.  I gave it a 3 star as opposed to 2 because our waitress was very nice.
3	A-OK.Memphis dry style is one of my favorite American BBQs.  Unfortunately, most of the time, the wet style dominates across the board.  My disappointment extends to this establishment, but luckily, they have some redeeming qualities.To get a good sampling, I went for their Memphis Minis.  This is three sliders with choices between brisket, chicken, shreded pork, and hot links with one side and slaw.  I really, really wanted four sliders so I could try one of each.  From the sound of things, the waitress has encountered this request before, because she quite promptly shot it down as in impossibility.  I offered the removing of sides, paying more, all to no avail.  I was surprised at this conclusion because she was quite courteous and friendly.  Disappointed with the lack of accomodation, I still went for the brisket, pork, and link combo.  When I received my entree, I noticed that the buns looked like they came in packs of three, which is my best guess for what drove my request to be denied.  Not exactly a good enough excuse for me.There was a selection of sauces, but I failed to sample them.  My choice of side ended up being their cucumber salad, and it was pretty tastey.  What was even tastier was the slaw.  I'm a much bigger fan of a vinegar base rather than mayo base cole slaw, but it's just so incredibly rare to find.  In fact, this is only my third encounter with it... once being somewhere in northern Alabama and the other being at a friend's house.  So happy I was to have it again, that I almost forgave them for everything else.For being sliders, they were actually close to burger sized.  Each had a generous helping my choices of meats.  The meats themselves weren't bad, but they all had something to be desired.  The hot links weren't really all that hot; the shredded pork was as standard as it can get; and I'm debating whether the brisket was even properly BBQ'd.  A general lack of flavor makes me think they just bake instead of smoke their products.  At least what flavor was found agreed with me.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.This is just a continuation of my previous review.  I had a due-out from it, so please read it as well for a total picture.Since this was a separate visit as well, let's talk about it in brief.  A burger is something I would expect any self-respecting BBQ place to do well.  Granted, to make one, it requires grilling, and not BBQing.  I guess this establishment just considers it beneath them to care about something as benign as a burger.It's hard to excel at a burger, but it's also hard to mess one up.  Well, let me tell you of a few ways to lead down the wrong path as demonstrated here.  First, don't ask me how I want the burger done.  Typically if a burger is cooked beyond medium, it's because they're using an inferior meat.  Secondly, burger preparation is supposed to be minimalist, but not lacking entirely.  A waft of seasoning is all that's required, but I guess that doesn't work if all the burgers are the same preformed base for each menu version.  Thirdly, don't cook the heck out of a burger.  Luckily it wasn't fast food bad, but it was definitely poor workmanship.  Definitely not worth the price.The hushpuppies didn't strike me as fresh, and they didn't have any semblance of being hand-made.  Yet, they did provide a medium in which to test their sauces, which I forgot to do on my first visit.  Their Original is far from its name-sake as it can it.  It takes just about like ever other BBQ sauce I've had (keep in mind I'm not a fan of any though).  The Red Sticky just seems like their Original mixed with some ketchup and maybe more (brown) sugar.  I honestly can't say if it made it better or worse.  Lastly, my "favorite" of the three would be their Spicy.  I wouldn't call it Spicy as in picante, but Spicy as in at least they put some spices in to give it flavor.I guess I should have ordered some of their slaw to remind me why I risked another visit in the first place..
5	The pulled pork and hamburgers are wonderful!!  Highly recommend this place to all and be careful of the generous portions!!
4	Excellent bbq
1	Paid $15 for cold "lunch meat"... Not the turkey dinner I had in mind! Coleslaw was bad. I opened the lid & it looked like watery milk with brown lettuce. When I called to tell them I was coming back... They said it was almost closing time & that I could come back the next day. Next day, they said I must have left the food out over night & refused to refund or replace my meal! I won't be wasting my money there again! Why would I pay for food, call to complain, & not eat the food?! If I was trying to get a free meal, I wouldn't have offered to give the SPOILED food back after my 5min. drive home! It doesn't add up. Buyer beware!
2	Truth be told, I've never had great BBQ at Memphis Championship and I've eaten at three different locations here in the city. Generally speaking I find most of their meats to be on the dry side and sometimes even cold-ish. Not sure if they have trouble timing thier butts and brisket or just do one batch of meat a day then keep it barely warm? The smoky flavor is always there and the sauces are good enough, just seems to be lacking freshness and expertise, cooking time wise.    I went for a quick lunch today with a co-worker and had the burnt ends(Smoky brisket chunks)and the fries and salad. I think I actually go here more because I like the thick-ish friesand crisp side salad and high quality blue cheese dressing more than the meat itself which is kinda sad for a BBQ place. Again the flavorful burnt ends were kinda cold and certainly been sitting a while. This is not a dish that is gonna be fresh and juicy but Ive had these at many superior BBQ places where they retain a bit more moisture.  The service at Memphis is always quick and rock solid on my visits. Just wish they'd pay a bit more attention to the important thing...the meat.
4	Great baby back ribs, collard greens and huge sweet potatoe w/ brown sugar & butter- yummmm- best sweet tea outside of the south! Chili great as well. Service fast and friendly- pretty busy but did not have to wait for a table on a Friday @ noon!  Definitely coming back!
2	I had been looking for some good bbq brisket. I had the brisket, collard greens and red beans and rice, with unsweetened apple blossom tea. The meal was good but the brisket was leaner than I am used to. I like the fat that is on one side, gives the meat a extra flavor. I could taste a slight smoke flavor but seasoning was kind of boring. They had some bottled seasoning called magic dust that added some flavor but I liked it better on the potatoe salad my fiance had than on the meat. Side portions were alittle small but the meat portion was ample. It came with a dinner roll and extra cornbread muffins were .49 cents. I would have liked if the muffins came with all the meals standard. or give an option for roll or muffin. All in all it was good but not great. Maybe next time I will try baby back ribs...It was just ok...not finger licking outstanding. We shareda  slice of pecan pie. It was good, sweet, we wanted warm and got a microwaved warm piece of pie. the center was cold, I will have to say the potato salad, tea (which comes in huge mason jars), and pie were my favorites. My fiance got the catfish, which was one big fillet, he said is good but I did not try. He loves the corn muffins and tea. On second thought, I may not go back for another visit and continue my quest to another joint.
3	Of course this place isn't going to be like real Memphis BBQ cause the real deal is in TN. But it's not too bad. I got the brisket sandwich and I liked it, just needed to add more sauce. My bf got the pulled pork sandwich and he like it well enough. The mac and cheese is a let down, so was the hush puppies. But the tea, potato salad and baked beans were all great sides. Service was pleasant and the prices were okay. I'd prefer the real deal any day of the week but going all the way to TN isn't always an option. In the meantime, this'll do!
1	I took the time to drive to what I was told was a great BBQ place, after one experience here I won't be back . I had to gnaw through a rack of baby back ribs the consistency of jerky , with hardly any sauce to speak of, and when I asked for extra sauce what they game did not taste as good as the BBQ sauce I dip my nuggets in at "insert fast food chain here". Even the rolls were stale,the highlight of my meal was the sweet potato which a 3 year old could master the cooking off...
4	Been a fan of this place for years. The sweet tea, one of the best in town. The King sandwich, a classic delicious pulled pork that I personally prefer with their spicy BBQ and vinegar based coleslaw ON the sandwich. Another good item is the blackened catfish. Favorite sides, creamed corn, potato salad, and the red beans and rice. The lost a star because they have more than once been out of certain items. (Hot links/ sides) Convenient for sure, they have a drive thru with the option of calling in your order ahead of time. Or sit down and they'll serve you as well. Don't forget to grab a bottle of their magic dust seasoning on your way out!
1	This place was simply not good. I'm disappoint I even stopped here. As a person from Memphis I should have known better. The bbq sauce was the worst thing i ever tasted in my life. The pull pork was dry and bland, the red beans and rice taste like it had vinager in it, the bake beans wasn't any thing special taste like it came straight out the can. That ribs were cold and tasted undone and covered in that nasty sauce. Overall I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	Worst Burger I've had in a long time. I ordered med, got well done, cold and cheese was not melted. Never saw a manager and server could not keep up. Never checked to see how our food was. Food took 30 minutes for two sandwiches. My co-workers sandwich was cold as well. This was the latest in a string of disappointments for this place. Only thing keeping the doors open is the army base across the street.
4	Nice smoke ring on the meat. Yup. Great stuff. Located next to Nellis AFB. Went in at lunch time. Got seated quickly, but took 30 minutes for the food to come. Portions are smaller than I expected. Had the two item lunch menu. Brisket and Burnt Ends. It came with a vinegar based slaw and pop-over. Memphis style. VERY TASTY!
2	Ordered the burnt ends.  They weren't.  Meat more closely resembled chunks of meat that might have been smoked at one time but tasted like it had been recently nuked.Had potato salad...nothing special.Overall somewhere between bleh and meh.
3	I just revisited this place and had a darn good lunch with very good service from Jamie.  I didn't go the bbq route for fear of being disappointed again, but the chicken fried steak here is VERY good (probably the best I've had in Vegas).  The yummy fried okra did not disappoint, and the cucumber salad was delightful--a lovely summery accompaniment to any meal.  The strawberry lemonade was delicious, too...a smidgen on the sweet side for me, but a squeezed-in lemon wedge did the trick beautifully to make it pretty close to perfect!  I was coveting a cop's luscious looking banana pudding served in a mason jar a few tables over, but, alas, the meal left no room for dessert...maybe next time!
2	The food here was decent, but it lacked real barbecue flavor.  I just felt that it was a bit plain tasting.  I had a two meat plate at lunch with burnt ends and brisket.  The burnt ends weren't cooked long enough, and I like them served a bit crispy.  The brisket was just really plain.  Both sauces on the table were also very sweet, nothing spicy.  I tried my girlfriend's pork shoulder, which they are known for, and wasn't impressed either.  Being from Kansas City maybe I'm a tough critic on barbecue but this place didn't seem to be anything special.
4	MCB is one of the best BBQ places in town.  I say "one of the best" because I sometimes find that the meat can be dry.  The beans, cole slaw and fried pickles are to die for, though.
1	Not good at all.  Cooking meat then putting BBQ sauce on it is not real BBQ!  The guy who seated us was a dick, and the waitress got my order wrong...completely wrong...like I ordered BBQ chicken and got a pulled chicken sandwich wrong.  They may actually cook their meat right for some items, but the chicken on my pulled chicken sandwich (which I didn't even order) was basically like boiled chicken with BBQ sauce on it! Stay away.
4	My favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. Solid BBQ.Try the Hot Links.
1	Absolutely the worst meal ever. Catfish was old fishy and the wait staff" we've had a lot of complaints. It must really be bad" wth . .burnt ends were crap too. Not fresh at all.
2	Well the food was OK at best.  Middle of the road BBQ is giving it to much credit.  I'm not a famous Dave fan but its better. Man I miss Missouri.
1	Ate there in July. Was one of the worst dining experiences in Vegas. Not true bbq didn't smell any smoke. Rude service. We'll never come back.
4	Good restaurant with fair prices! Would absolutely come back again and bring friends. This place is conveniently located at two major streets. I like the cups here too.
4	It was my first time dining here. I read that the hamburgers are very good so I thought I'd try one. I ordered the Memphis burger and it was delicious. My choice of two sides were fries and steamed vegetables, and they were both excellent.
5	My favorite BBQ in Southern, NV.
4	Very old and home like atmosphere. Great food Great service and as always when I come to this place I leave full.
3	Great service and the food was amazing for the price. Close to base which is great for a quick lunch. I had the king which was delicious and topped it off with an apple sweet tea! Nice selection of meals!
3	I love love love the food and ambiance here! But... Our waitress "Ceeana" was awful. She went out of her way to avoid us. Ignored eye contact and did the LEAST possible to make our visit delightful, fast, or even nice. Sad that the service had to ruin our otherwise amazing visit.
1	Actually if I could this would be 0 stars. After 45 mins of waiting on appetizers, having to ask for a drink refill and then our food coming out before the app and being completely wrong, I walked out. I have never walked out on a table in my life. I served tables for 5 yrs myself. Very very very disappointed.
3	Being from eastern NC, I have pretty high standards for pork barbecue.  We had been to LA and then Vegas and were seriously missing sweet tea, so they hooked us right away with the 32-oz mason jars.  We had the fried pickles and onion straws combo basket for an app, it was delicious and plentiful for 2 people, we couldn't even finish it.    I had the pork shoulder with mashed potatoes and collards.  The portion of pork was large and tasty, not the best BBQ I've ever had, but it was satisfying none-the-less.  The meat is not overly-seasoned, so they add their own sauce on top.  I would have preferred that they let me choose the sauce, but BBQ cooks are picky about what they put their name on, and this was their brand, so I played along and ultimately was not disappointed.  BBQ lovers know that everyone has their own recipe and I am glad to try them all.  Being a picky southerner, I was hesitant to order the collards, just didn't think anyone in Las Vegas could cook them, if they'd even heard of them.  While I think they may have started with canned collards, they dressed them up in bacon and I was quite surprised how good they were.  The mashed potatoes were standard.  Service was fast and friendly, although there was one waitress constantly bitching at the kitchen staff and other servers, but she wasn't ours.  I'm guessing she is either the boss or related to the owners, as the staff seemed to be putting up with her.
5	I have a new favorite restaurant in Las Vegs. The portions are huge and the food is excellent. I had the Grand Champion Plate with baked beans and fries. I can not decide what was the best.
5	Their loaded potatoes with pulled pork is pretty much awesome. I think this place should definitely be rated higher than three stars. Good food for a good price.
2	BBQ was really dry and the tea was pretty stale tasting. Only part of the meal I enjoyed was the buttered biscuits. Cheap though.
3	Memphis championship barbecue was not all it was cracked up to be.  The food was okay, but the tablecloths were dingy and frayed.  The restaurant was clean and the servers were very nice , but we 're  from Memphis and it was not Memphis barbecue!   It's an okay restaurant , but not really something I ever want to  go to again.  Their sweet iced tea was the best of all.  I would go back just for their sweet tea!
3	BBQ is good; great flavor in the rub for the meats.  I would not choose a non meat item.  My wife had the catfish and it was so so.  Service was really friendly and fast.
2	Had the King sandwich (pulled pork) which came with cole slaw, the fried okra and the collard greens.  And iced tea.  Total was $12.Serving size of the pulled pork was a bit too small.  The fried okra was not homemade, nor was the cole slaw.  The texture and taste of both was that they came out of a bag.  Too bad.Would not go back.
5	My husband brought this home for dinner last night and I have to say that after reading a few of the reviews , my expectation were not that high. We shared some kind of sampler plate, sorry I did not order so I don't know the name, anyhow it had chicken which was pretty good, pulled pork (soft and juicy), brisket(very tender), ribs(yummy), and burnt ends(to die for). All the meats were supper soft and fell apart. The sauce was perfect. We were full but couldn't stop eating. we just moved here from California and live across the street from here. We are definitely becoming regulars.
3	just about average or a bit below average for flavor...was surprised actually...nice staff though...they really need to use a better dry rub to boost the flavor..the sauce was weak...considering there's nothing in the area it beats McDonalds down the street
3	Things I liked. Air conditioning, tea, bread and butter, chicken. Things I didn't like, all other meat. Reason: guess I'm not used to this style of BBQ, being raised in Iowa and all.
2	The food is okay. The creamed corn and banana pudding are my fav. Drive through is convenient!
2	Service was good waitresses friendly I ordered the burnt ends and they were fairly awful. I went because it was close to my motel. I will drive farther for food next time. Beware.
5	Amazing!!! Had their amazing pulled pork sandwich and finished it off with their delicious banana pudding!!! Great service and amazing food!!!
3	Prices are a bit high but I do like all of their food. The service is meh on a good day and tends to run below that level. If you're out this way and not in a hurry, give it a try.
4	Having eaten here about 5 times (3 drive throughs), I must say Memphis does not disappoint. Every single time, I've been happy with what I ordered - chili, ribs, pulled pork sandwich, cole slaw, etc Don't know why there are bad reviews, maybe I just got lucky? It helps that this is right across the wide street from where we work-very convenient. Sorry 'bout the other folks that must've caught it on a bad day. Anyway, now that we're Las Vegans who love meat ;-), Memphis is just fine by us.....
3	stepped on in while visiting Nellis AFB. I had the bbq brisket w/ collards & mac/cheese. worked off my hunger w/ no probs. thumbs up for all the air force memorabilia, and the patch collection from visiting air crews was a cool treat. service was brisk/polite.  a simple joint.
1	Pretty sad to be called a BBQ place. Brisket looked like baby food. Do not recommend and the wait staff both times I have been there were horrible
2	Just ate there less than an hour ago.. our waitress was so sweet and nice and was very attentive to our needs.. but the food was horrible.. I ordered the pulled chicken sandwich and my husband ordered the black and Bleu burger and we ordered an order of corn bread muffins.. first of all the corn bread muffins were dry and too well done.. second my sandwich was just dry chicken with a glob of bbq sauce on it and the magic dust.. my husband's burger was supposed to be medium rare and came out well done.. the macaroni and cheese must have been like a stouffers  mac and cheese.. I was really disappointed cause I thought this place was supposed to be a championship bbq place..
1	I'm a snob when it comes to restaurant service.  I expect good service and tip accordingly.  The service did not disappoint.  The food, however, needs some major revamping.  I had a half a rack of their supposedly award winning baby back ribs.  The meat was dry and had absolutely no flavor.  The two sides I ordered were the fried okra and the mac and cheese.  The mac and cheese looked and tasted like it came out of a Kraft Mac and Cheese box.  Also had the three item sampler:  onion straws, fried pickles, and burnt ends.  I kid you not, there was literally a puddle of oil under the wax paper in the basket that held the appetizers.  TGIF's baby back ribs are much more flavorful and their meat is much more savory.  Will definitely not be returning to this place.  Plus one star for the service experienced.
