4	I finally decided to try this place and I'm glad I did. I love the burgers! The patties are cooked perfectly and with the crispness of the lettuce and tomatoes these burgers kick ass. No wonder why people out here and in Cali are obsessed with this place. I still don't get all the lingo (I'm from the east coast)... 3x3, 4x4 ... but whatever. Although I finally know what animal style and protein style are. I'll be coming back often.
5	I get excited every time I make a trip to Vegas and a part of it is because of in n out burger. Usually the first thing I eat when I get off the plane. You can't put a price on friendly service and a clean spot to eat, especially at a fast food place. Food is delicious and consistently satisfying. Wish they would expand to the east coast! A girl can dream.
5	Look, it's simple science.  If I'm on or near the West Coast, In-N-Out will be consumed.  There will be no debate, there will be no excuses.Do I have a $100 dinner on the horizon just a few hours from now?  It doesn't matter.  If this is my only In-N-Out window, it's going down.  Believe me.Even if I was stranded by a limo with a group of twenty people at a gun store a mile away, and we have no hope of pick up for a while, you'd best believe a caravan of people are going to be trekking along the road in the sweltering heat all so we can order it up Animal Style.And we'll all be happy about it too.
5	This was the first stop off the plane after getting the rental car. I moved to the east coast over a year ago and had a craving like no other.Double double animal style, fries, shakes.**bliss out**
3	For fast food, it is up on the list.  It is one of the better ones out there, and the menu is simple.  This makes the service very quick even when it is busy.However, after having 5 guys, I would give them the nod over In n' Out.   If, however, you have never been there and you are not living in an area that has one, it is work a visit.   Just don't compare it to a place that serves fine burgers...compare it to other fast food joints.
4	definitely comforting that this place is not too far from where i live now. back in LA we went to in n out ALL THE TIME!anyway, service here is ok. it gets a little busy at times, but they are definitely pretty good about being friendly and as quick as they can.after reading a friend's facebook post about that maxim article and the "secret menu" i had to try and order "road kill" fries...and they refused to make them. that was a total bummer. i thought it wasnt a vegas thing or something, but apparently the one near UNLV will make them.since its so close to my place, im sure i'll be back. gotta love the animal style fries and neopolitan shake!!! and - major plus - i always order extra pickles with my burger and usually i'll get a few on my burger, but they really load it on!!!
5	Best part of living on the West Coast is In-n-Out Burger, hands down. I had heard quite a bit about it prior to moving to Vegas, so I knew the second we got here I had to try it. Luckily this particular location is close by. Cheeseburger animal style is truly heaven on Earth! The Blue Diamond branch has never caused me any issues. They do tend to get busy around lunch and dinner times, but the employees do a great job of moving people along fairly quickly. You can bet any time I have out of town guest from the East, we make a stop at In-n-Out!
5	It's famous in every city that has one for a reason. The two things that really stood out to me and my lunchtime cohort were the fries and the simplicity of the menu. While other fast food joints are expanding their menu into areas they shouldn't be, In N Out has really focused in on one thing, and one thing only: burgers. Few places can boast that they are able to survive and truly thrive on one core item, but In N Out has really done it. Delicious burgers, amazing fresh-cut fries, and quite honestly the friendliest fast-food staff you'll ever encounter. Highly recommend for a diner on the go.
4	What can you say about a classic? I like the cold crisp bite of lettuce & pickle with the warm tasty beef. No wonder the drive thru line wraps around the building. This location is quite fast though , around 1:30 I was in & out!
4	Defiantly the best burger around!
5	Consistent with every other location for service, food, and price.This location is the closest to me, which is great because there is almost never a line at this store...unlike the UNLV, Dean Martin, and Summerlin Locations, which have cars and lines wrapped around the block during prime meal periods.
5	This is my childhood go-to place (being raised in So-Cal...its either you like In-N-Out or they take you out back and lynch you). Good thing the quality of their burgers hasn't changed much. By my past reviews you know I don't scrimp on calories (if you are going to eat out...eat out) and In-N-Out is NO exception. For those of you coming in from anywhere but CA, AZ and NV (maybe they are in Utah and Oregon now...I don't know)...you are in for a real treat. The menu is simple and ordering is as easy as 1, 2, 3 (i'm not just saying that #1 combo is a double double, fries and a drink, #2 is a cheeseburger, fries and a drink and #3 is a hamburger, fries and a drink). However...there are ways to keep your burgers not boring...you guessed it...i'm talking about ANIMAL STYLE (roughly translated...extra sauce, extra cheese and extra grilled onions). My favorite meal (and probably one I would pick before I go and meet the Lord someday many moons from now) is a #1 animal style, well done fries (takes a bit longer but well worth the wait), rootbeer and if i'm feeling saucy (which is pretty common) I go for the vanilla milkshake. This is a great place for your anklebiters too! They give the kids free stickers at the cashier and they will slice up a burger so they can share (just say you want a kids hamburger or cheeseburger cut up). Will always come to In-N-Out because its tasty, cheap and its just what I do.
5	Oh in-n-out. How do I love thee??Moving to Vegas 5 years ago from small town Kansas I had never tried In-n-Out before. First I didn't even know what it was, now I eat here every chance I get. And for good reason.The consistency of the burgers are always spot on, they've really got this assembly line thing down!!! Almost always I order my burger with grilled onions, and I always get animal style on the fries. The fries are cut fresh from huge potatoes, you can watch them smash and string the potatoes right before they throw them in the fryer and serve them to you. The burger always has a little crispiness to the bun and the cheese drips out of the burger as you eat it. MY KIND OF BURGER!!!! Luckily I've always had a fast metabolism and can eat about whatever I want and stay pretty lean and it's a good thing! There's plenty of calories in this meal!Quality of service, friendliness of the cashier, deliciousness consistency of the meal, and reasonableness (is that a word?) of the price will give it a remarkable 5 STARS!Thanks In-N-Out. I'll see ya soon....
3	It ok.
5	Great staff and burgers. You gotta get the double double, fries, and a black and white shake.
4	Double-Double suicide style...yum.
3	Nothing special. I could possibly make this as well. Not bad, but not great. People should learn how to cook, then they will see it's nothing hard to make.
5	Double Double with both kinds of onions,  fries,  and a large pink lemonade please
4	An older gentleman that works here named Andrew, is the model employee for any fast food. Energetic, polite, fast, and efficient. Always a pleasure dealing with him.
5	No matter how "stuffed" you are from eating earlier, there is always room for an In-N-Out meal...single, animal-style, fries and a neapolitan shake please!
5	This was the first stop that me & my bf made upon arrival to Las Vegas. Originally a CA girl then moved to Chicago..IN-N-OUT is what is missing in my life now!!! :'( It had been over a year since I had indulged in this glorious burger..but still knew exactly what I wanted w/o even glancing at the menu. Cheeseburger animal style..no pickles. A side of fries w/ THREE sides of spread. NOM NOM NOM. & yes I used all three sides of spread, initially I thought I only needed 2 and the other one was for the bf, but when I realized he wasn't going to use it I proceeded to slab more spread on my already animal style burger and dipped my fries into it's yummy goodness.Oh IN-N-OUT...you are truly what a hamburger is all about!
3	I've never been a huge fan but must admit that there is something special about a double cheeseburger made "Animal Style"!  I do not come here often but when I do that's how I roll.
4	My sister and her husband raved about this place so, being a burger lover, I had to try it.  I ordered the double-double, which is their top of the line burger (why wouldn't I try their best as a first timer?) and I wasn't disappointed.  The wait was a bit longer than your average fast food restaurant but that's because they make each burger fresh.  It arrived neatly wrapped and ready to eat with a side of freshly cut fries.  The bun wasn't soggy at all and every bite was as fresh as the last.  Could've been one of the best burgers I'd ever had.I also ordered a vanilla milkshake which was SUPER thick and tasty.  I love milkshakes but hate how they can melt before you're done.  Not this one.  They're practically serving you soft-serve in a cup and straw.  The customer service was unusually excellent for a fast food place.  Sure, they are trying to resemble a 50's burger joint.  Hence, the limited menu (i.e. no swiss mushroom angus burger with jalapenos etc, no kids meals and toys, etc) and something that most fast food places have neglected.....something called customer service.  Both of the gentlemen working the floor were very kind and came over to our table multiple times to see how things were.  Very unusual for a fast food place but very welcomed!My only gripe is that they are not open late night.  We returned from the casinos around 1:30am and they were already closed and I was really craving a good burger!
4	You either love em or hate em. Well I love em. When I'm craving a burger I won't go to In-n-Out, I have a separate special craving for In-n-Out.My air conditioner broke and didn't want to heat the house any more trying to cook, I haven't been in a while, so I headed to my closest In-n-Out. Luckily got in right before the rush, so I got my order in quick and didn't wait too long for my food.Oh why have I been away so long? Just as I remember, nice and warm fresh burger, with crunchy vegetables and melty cheese. Yum. Fries were hot and crispy. So good. Made my day of waiting for repair men, not so bad.
5	Obviously not a review of In N Out because I am a die hard fan. Location staff was especially friendly and thought that was awesome. Tell corporate to slow down on the mass locations! Don't want to dilute the best burger ever!
5	You never know what you got until you lose it.  I miss you In-N-Out.  If I could write you a poem and not come off crazy, I would.I miss your cheeseburgers/Double Doubles.  I miss your Neapolitan milkshakes.  I damn miss your Animal Style fries.Las Vegas In-N-Out, you were my last In-N-Out meal on my trek to the midwest.
5	In and out burger is a great place to get a burger and fries maybe a shake and a drink but that all you can get and that why i love this place so much there 4x4 cheese burger is awesome.
4	The secret is out  Service is always good. This place is always busy which is a good sign. Place is nice and clean just like any other In N OutI like in-N-out so much, i don't even have to try their secret menu. The basic cheeseburger fries and shake will always do the job for me. The perfect burger meal! But for those that are not impressed with the regular menu there is a special menu that only few people know about, "the famous secret menu"(I know) and lucky for you I'm about to Wikileakit.  The 2x4: A burger with two beef patties and four slices of cheese. ( no need to visit The heart attack grill)  The animal style: A mustard cooked beef patty with pickles, cheese, spread, and grilled onions mixed on the grill and placed on top of your burger or fries.  The flying  Dutchman: Two beef patties and two slices of cheese  and nothing more.  The veggie burger: you go with your friends and eat waterer they don't want, onions tomatoes pickles or lettuce and is all free.
5	Andrew greeted us politely. Purchased a burger and fries with a shake. I was not aware they could make a neopolitan shake by mixing all 3 flavors but Andrew politely offered. Nice quick bite to eat and would definitely come back.
5	This In-N-Out is much more convenient and not as busy as the one on Dean Martin. Minutes from the house.  And still just as good.This allows me to pick up a double-double with well done fries on my way home after a night of dice shooting.  Animal style for the lady. As Jason Whitlock (and not Andre W.) likes to say, the damn thangy thang gets diddy did.
5	There are so many places to eat in Vegas that I never even think about eating at places like In-N-Out anymore. However, last night my brother asked me to pick up some food for him, so I went here. Usually when I pass by, I see a pretty long line of cars in the drive-thru, but last night there were only a few cars in front of me and the line went by VERY quickly. I ordered a number 1: double double animal style, fries, and a Dr. Pepper for my brother and an animal style cheeseburger for myself. The person that gave me my food was pretty funny. I asked him for some ketchup and when I already had the bag in my hand he said, "Oh, here's some ketchup..SLAM DUNK!" and he put the ketchup in the bag as if he were really doing a slam dunk. The service itself deserves 4 stars. I was probably In-N-Out within five minutes.Once I got home, I dug into my cheeseburger. It was mighty orgasmic. Imagine not eating chocolate (if you love chocolate) for a few months, then finally having a delicious chocolate truffle. That's how it was when I bit into the burger.. I've been going around town having all these "gourmet" burgers that I almost completely forgot how delicious In-N-Out burgers were. And the fries...oh the fries! So thin and crisp, so perfectly cooked, and soo tasty!Hands down, 5 stars!
5	For the most part, fast food is not a staple of my diet. In-N-Out was the first burger I got after a two year leave. It is still a place I crave for from time to time. Due to that reason, it is placed on the highly dangerous list. It has been over a year since I have gone to In-N-Out and it was time to get me a #1 Double Double Combo. I was never a huge fan of their fries because they often taste cardboard like, but for some reason I really enjoyed them last night. They were fried to a crisp perfection. The burgers are always spectacular and beats out any other fast food joint. The only thing that can make my burger better is to order it protein style". Wrap that meaty cheesy goodness in lettuce and let me fool myself into thinking it is healthier.
5	I love In-N-Out and I truly am sad that a lot of other states don't get to experience this burger. This location was fast and accurate. Ordering may be as easy as 1-2-3, however, I like to make it a bit more complicated which can be a hit or miss depending on the teenager behind the register =/ So, usually my order is correct 3 out of 5 times so I give this location a 5 for being on top of their game.My "simple" order: #1 (Double-Double), well done, no onions, fried ketchup, fried mustard NO PICKLES (that's where they go wrong sometimes and I HATE pickles), cheese fries well done/crispy, a lemon up, and a neopolitan shake. Oh, and extra spread for the fries...YUM!They are pretty fast too...no matter how long the line is they keep a good pace going and rarely make the wait longer than 5 minutes.
5	This place is just wonderful, the food is just THE BEST!
5	Need I say more...it's In & Out Burger.Smash Burger, McDonalds, BK, Fat Burger, And Five Bros Burger don't compare to In & Out Burger.
4	A taste of CALIFORNIA for you in LV! The BEST burgers in the world live at In-N-Out! I love the locations in California, so when I tried this one in LV, I had no complaints. The only problem with this one is that since it is Vegas, you a have a very very long line to wait in but if you have some time to kill, this is hands down a burger you must try! I usually get the #1 (animal style) with chopped chilis! So Good!Food: 8Service: 7
4	God compels me to eat In-N-Out. He might not be compelling me to eat a 3x3 animal style, but the biblical references on the wrappers and cups are conclusive evidence that he (or she) approves my fast food consumption. When it comes to Vegas locations, the Blue Diamond offers a fantastic experience that is worth whatever time out of the way it might be. The menu is simple. Its a burger that you come here for and the object of ordering at INO is to order off the "secret" menu or to try and stump or surprise the staff with a new concoction. If you think you are up to the challenge, try the 3x3 or the 4x4 which is exactly as it sounds three patties and three slices of cheese or four patties and four slices. Getting anything (except the shakes and your soda) "animal style" is clearly a must. Animal style throws on a slice of cheese, a thousand island style spread and onions.The shakes are creamy and flavorful, don't even hesitate if the thought pops in your head to mix flavors. I personally enjoy the neapolitan. If shakes aren't your thing, be sure to get a icy cold coke, it goes beautifully with the burger and fries and just soothes your soul.Service is good and the staff are incredibly spot on. The orders came out perfectly despite the complexity and the lines moved at a nice pace while still offering attentive service. It clearly puts its other fast-food counterparts to shame.I mentioned that it is worth the time out of the way. If you happen to be visiting sin city, the Dean Martin drive location near the strip might be the easiest to get to, but the wait might be a little long for your liking, especially when the pangs of hunger should strike. Head south for about ten minutes and it will be well worth the effort.
5	Been going there since it opened. Just recently learned it was christian owned. Hence, I saw and never noticed Scripture on a few of the items. Basic burgers and fries that is fresh and yummy!
5	Be a piggie and go animal on everything :)This place is delicious, but definitely only a sometime thing over an everyday occurrence :)
5	I love this chain. I always get a double with cheese and my wife and i split a fry. The burger is great! Fresh tomatoes and lettuce, very good! Wish they had one in Vancouver, Wa!
4	Double Double Animal Style for the burger only, fries, and a Strawberry Shake. Sometimes nothing satisfies quite like a good double cheeseburger. And if you're going to sabotage that diet you've been on then you might as well go big or go home. The drive through lines go faster than you would expect. And it's worth the wait.
4	This is a solid In n Out location. They are always busy at lunch, like most other In n Out's so keep that in mind if you're in a rush. I always order the hamburger combo with grilled onions and they deliver it just as I request.
5	Just a note... if you go to the drive thru and tell them that you're eating in your car, they'll give you an open box instead of a bag.  They even offer a placemat!  Sweet!
5	Being a Cali native and, having lived out of state for the past three-ish years I have been in serious pain due to separation anxiety. Look, a girl needs her Protein Style Double Double + Onion and Cheese Fry like she needs air, water, and shelter. I've been a worse person being without my fix. That being said I was DELIGHTED when realizing that In-N-Out has ventured out from home base. Landing in Vegas for Thanksgiving I'll let you take one wild guess where my first meal was. Yup, this place. Honestly, my order came out fine and in true In-N-Out style the employees were friendly and efficient but this place was packed at 2PM, and seeing all the employees working so hard when I know they should have been past lunch hour was simply impressive. Hats off to this team and the always delicious burgers I receive from the family-owned organization. Plus, bonus points for some of the most solid tomatoes I have had in a while, and to be coming from a fast food joint...I miss you!!
5	I've heard lots and lots about In-N-Out! So when we finally made it out to the west coast, I told my husband that I was not leaving until I had had an In-N-Out burger. And let me tell you, they are worth all that fuss. I was a little shocked at the limited menu they have, but it didn't affect me in any way. I knew I was going to get the Double-Double Animal Style thanks to all the reviews I'd read. It was hot, and cheesy, and amazing. My husband had a hamburger, and it was really tasty and flavorful too, much to my surprise. Why are they not a country-wide chain yet? Come on In-N-Out, get to Michigan quicker!!
5	There is no need for any of the gourmet burger joints in town so long as In-N-Out is around. For two bucks and change, an animal style burger from here beats anything Kerry Simon, Hubert Keller or anyone else in this town is doing with their meat.I do think that INO fries taste like cardboard unless I ask for them cooked light. But that's the beauty of INO, they will undercook your fries if you want. They will overcook your fries if you want. Hell, they'll probably serve them to you in a hair net if you ask nicely.Great staff, 100% order accuracy on every visit in 3 years. I sometimes whine about the lack of decent restaurant options in the Dead Hooker Burial Ground part of SW Vegas, but really I should just shut up and come here.
3	You gotta love my early yelp reviews which says nothing but a few words just like my original review for this In-N-Out location which only said "Its OK."  Though I would've loved to kept the review as only "Its OK" and possibly seeing my face on sites that diss yelpers I had update my review for F.U.C. sake.If you 're craving some In-N-Out and don't wanna wait too long at the always crowded Tropicana location definitely hit up this locations.  It is only a few miles south and you're basically In-N-Out as you should.  No 50 or so taxis, limos, or drunks pedestrians in your way. The main reason for the review.  Because this is located in a shopping center there are lots of parking spots to dine in your car, which the Tropicana location lacks when busy.I'm not a huge fan of In-N-Out but I do occasionally enjoy their burgers which are pretty good for fast food burgers, then again so is Carl's Jr.  I do not eat their fries and think they're terrible.  I am not a fan of "secret" menu I'd like to know what my choices are especially from a fast food joint.  People do enjoy ordering from their secret menu so that's cool but because I don't really know what's on secret menu so I can't really increase my rating. Maybe next time I'm there I'll ask the employee to order me a meal of only items from the secret menu.One of my few words reviews updated now on to the next.
4	it is an american classic. People smile service is great.
5	Last burger with quality before Susie's 50's cafe or the Mad Greek. I would have not known of its existence if it wasn't for the yelp app. We should all have an in-n-out near the freeway as we go home from long trips. It makes the road boredom a bit better with a double double and some fries animal style.
2	I've been to In-N-Out all over the country and it's hard to screw up an order with their basic menu but these kids managed to screw mine up completely! The problems was teenage hormones, all the boys were salivating over Savannah who was working the drive thru window and they were acting like we weren't even there. Chase, Cash, or Dylan-whatever trendy moniker his parents slapped on him, could NOT manage to understand that we wanted to eat in the car and had requested salt, pepper and sauce thanks to his hormones AND he was a smart ass about it so I went off on him. I told him he is not in homeroom or gym, it's called a JOB and you need to pay attention because if not for customers, Mom and Dad would be paying for his Hollister shirts and video games. It's obvious to everyone but you that Savannah here is not into you so get a grip. BTW, get some ProActiv, it's a public service. If you wanna be a screw up go work at Mickey D's. Despite all that the burgers were edible. The Sahara location is my fave, the kids there have a good work ethic and are friendly. Those burgers are always right and it's the best one besides the Kingman, Arizona location which butters it's buns.
4	Good service. Greeted upon entry by lovely young lady cleaning dining area. Quick service. Food was prepared to standard... Except fries. I hate soggy fries, I. Hate potatoe chips. I don't know what's happened at this chain in last few stores, but they cannot seem to get fries right with any consistency. I like golden brown crunchy fries.
4	An excellent location that's not as busy as the others in Las Vegas but still fills up quickly at lunchtime.  They open at 10:30am so take advantage of an early lunch and beat the crowd.The location offers plenty of parking and both inside/outside dining.  The employees were exceptional for a fast food restaurant but the food came out a little on the slow side considering there weren't many people here yet.  The dining room was clean as was the visible portion of the kitchen.The bathroom was also very clean and sterile similar to any McDonald's restaurant you visit.  No paper towels for drying hands.  Hand blowers.The food is good but we're not a fan of the fries.  Five Guys fries are better in our opinion.  The burgers are half the price of Five Guys and almost as good.  Our family of four ate lunch here for half the price of Five Guys.... $15.
5	My first experience with In & Out Burger. The worker was so friendly and nice-loved him. We did have to wait awhile for our order, but it was worth the wait. The burgers are excellent!! The restaurant was very clean and nice. I'd definitely go back!!
5	Best fast food. I'm from the east coast originally and when I moved out west this place instantly became my favorite place to get fast food. I don't usually get fast food often but when I do it is at in-n-out. Animal style is amazing and if you want to be healthier you can get it protein style (lettuce instead of buns). If you are visiting from the east coast or mid-west you have to try in-n-out at least once! This location is great for me because its close to my house. The service here was also good. There was a young man there who made sure we were enjoying our meal and took our garbage away when we were done. I thought this was really nice because I usually take the trash out myself and it was nice of him to do it for us.
4	This was a first time at In-N-Out Burger and it was just as great as I had heard. Make sure to look up their secret menu online to really take advantage of what they have to offer. The prices are good and the food is way better than McDonalds and other fast food.
4	So I had gone to In-N-Out before but was not impressed because I though that their menu was limited. Only later did I find out that you don't order from the menu! You are supposed to order everything "animal style!" So lo and behold, when I was in Vegas this past Spring Break, I decided to try it. It was pretty good! I didn't really care for the animal style fries because they just put a square piece of American cheese over the fries which didn't really melt all that well, but the animal style burger was yum. The service was fast and the girl at the counter was really nice. She even walked over to check on me as I was eating. I would go back again~P.S. Secret menu is online. :)
3	It's just like every other In-N-Out Burger.  This particular location was packed with people at 1PM.  I ordered the Double Double Animal style and was not disappointed.  Although they have a huge line it moves quick and you get your food in a reasonable amount of time.
5	In-N-Out Drive thru was hopping on a Friday night, thankfully they have a actual person taking order for the cars waiting in line, that way payment is smooth at the 1st window and the food is ready to go when you pull-up to the second.Food was still warm when I came home and absolutly delicious as usual.  When I do get fast food, I always make it In-N-Out because nothing else compares.Google their "secret menu" to order special prepared items!
4	Its what I wanted, we took our car and drove our here to get away from the strip for a bit. Good food, exactly what you expect from In and Out.
5	Double-Double grilled onions and cheese fries. This location is always consistent, fast and friendly.
2	"Really?"I still don't get the love for this chain. I mean it's all right; I go there once or twice a year. The staff is nice; I like the simplicity; but the way In-N-Out restaurants have been deified is beyond me. Let's start with the burgers: I've always had a hard time finding and tasting the meat amidst the overabundance of lettuce, tomato and sauce they slop on there. Even if I order a double it's not much improvement. There simply is not much beef to be had. I shouldn't have to order a triple just to be able to taste meat. And the fries? Please. They have improved a tad over the years but they remain a notch or two below mediocre and several notches below McDonald's. They have almost no fluffiness inside. The vanilla milkshakes are okay but much too thick with a funny aftertaste.Years ago I remember hearing about how great In-N-Out was and when I first tried the place back in the early '90s I was SHOCKED at how unremarkable it was. Twenty years later I still feel the same.
4	Only place I eat onions that aren't in ring form.  Can't go wrong with animal style burgers or fries.  And just in case you fear a bit of onion breath lol simply go with the island style fries and burgers.  Good place to grab a bite and enjoy an inexpensive meal amongst friends.   Funny I like this place because of the old timey, 1950's-60's vibe...  Be forewarned, great place to YouTube yourself with one of their challenges.  Try a 10x10, 20x20 if you cray...
3	I was told this was the place to get a burger.  I was told get it animal style and it's amazing.  I'm from Seattle so I had to compare it to Dick's Burgers seeing as there's the battle over who's better.  Once I realized Vegas had an In & Out it was on my to-do list.  I'm not even sure why people compare it to Dick's because it's not the same, other than they cut their own potatoes.  Two completely different flavors, and being a mossback (Seattle native) I have to go with the hometown's burgers on this one.  In & Out isn't bad, they just don't compare to Dick's.
5	The Best In-Out Burger in Las Vegas. Great service and the fastest drive thru window! Oh did I mention the fries:) to die for!
4	My guilty pleasure whenever I'm in the Southwest, In N Out will always leave you satisfied (and maybe a little bit ashamed of yourself). Animal-style for LIFE.
5	When I went to In-N-Out Burger I was expecting an okay burger no better than McDonalds. Boy, was I WRONG! the burger was great and all the ingredients were covering the burger. The service was what really made my experience great, though. They got everything correct and read back my order to be sure it was right. The wait was no longer than two minutes and everting tasted awesome. I'll definitely be back!
2	I don't get it... it is a fast food joint.  The burgers are okay and the staff is great!  But how do they turn real potatoes into those weird things they call French fries?  They are okay as long as they are hot but let them cool down and they get this strange texture.  It isn't terrible and the price is right but it wouldn't be my first choice.  They do hire and or train exceptional staff.
1	Usually isn't to bad but tonight the burgers and fries were horrible. So disappointed in it!!
4	Just like everyone else says. This place has some of the best tasting burgers and fries. Although the choices aren't vast like the other burger places, whatever you get will be delicious, and inexpensive. I haven't yet tried the secret menu items, but definitely will the next time. I had the cheeseburger and fries combo, which cost about 6 bucks, and it filled me up. Really fast service too. Wish they opened in Hawaii!
5	This place is probably one of the BEST BUGER JOINTS out there! Its so juicy and amazing! THE DOUBLE DOUBLE is just the way to go! The workers are friendly, the place is great, always busy but so worth the wait! Id recommend coming here and giving it a go if you haven't already! ITS A MUST
3	Finally got to have a burger here after years of people bragging... Oh man it was good, but... If you have ever been to Dick's in Seattle, then you will know that In & out burger is no match. Dick's is still my favorite and if you have been to Seattle and never had Dick's then you haven't had a real burger!
4	What can I say about In and Out that everyone doesn't already know? Not much. It's delicious and it manages to "hit the spot" every time. We have experienced the drive-thru and dine-in options at this location and the service has always been phenomenal. You absolutely feel the enthusiasm everyone has for the place and the product. Everyone is very nice and you always feel welcome! Oh, the food? SO, SO good. I usually order a Double, Single (two patties, one slice of cheese) Protein-Style Burger with onions and fries. It's the perfect burger. The one slice of cheese adds the right balance of flavor without being overwhelming. It also doesn't hurt that this burger is simply $3! The fries are not at the top of my list and I don't care for it separately, but when you eat it with your burger, it's the perfect combination. So when I'm in the mood for a burger without the fuss and wallet-raping, I'm here!
5	We ordered a grilled cheese with only 1 slice of cheese, they rang the order wrong apparently and charged for two slices of cheese. When the manager saw the mistake, he tried to give me money back but I declined and said it was ok. We ended up not getting our fries and he brought it to us but the grilled cheese has lettuce, sauce and onion, which we wanted just bread and cheese for our toddler. When the manager brought the fries, he noticed we were picking everything off the sandwich and insisted he make us another one, within a minute we had a different grilled cheese perfectly the way we wanted it. Great service! Thank you!
4	in-N-out will always serve the greatest burger the only complaint i have is with the fries at times not being cook enough . so i have learn to ask for extra crispy and they are just right
5	Same amazing food as the location closer to the strip but this one is less crowded and is located in a giant strip mall so there's plenty of parking. If you want the giant gift shop, go to the one by the strip but you'll get the same food here and a shorter wait. I don't normally eat fast food burgers PERIOD but this really is worth a try.
5	Popped in with the little guy for some animal style burgers, fries and a shake. Per usual, the staff was very friendly, the food was great and we had a good time on our day out together.
5	Fell in love right when I saw the menu! Only 4 items to choose from; very convenient and fast! My boyfriend and I ordered #2, his with regular fries mines with ANIMAL style fries. It was to die for ;) Best burger joint I've ever been to. Definately beats Jack in the Box, Wendys, Burger King and McDonalds. If they had it in Hawaii, that'd be my number one fast food place I'd go to!
4	I have been here several times, including the drive-through and inside. This is a great in and out, they have never messed up my order the 5+ times I've been here.I hate that their milkshakes only come in one size. I used to not like their fries, but they have grown on me. They are different from what you would find at other fast food restaurants.I like their burgers because they taste fresh. They are not the greasiest or the most unique, but they just taste good.Also, the indoors is very clean. Highly recommended!
5	Fav burger place EVER! Great service and excellent burgers. I wish we had them here in NJ. The double double....WHAT???? The best! I also had the animal fries....YUMMMMEEEEE!
4	Delicious, affordable and clean, In-N-Out always satisfies my hunger for junk food without feeling like Mayor Rob Ford after a coke and nacho binge.
5	Their food is always amazing. My favorite is a number 2 with everything on it and add pickle lol. Also get their pink lemonade it's my favorite I never get another drink when I go.
2	Burgers have zero seasoning; their special sauce is 1,000 island; the fries are never cooked properly (either under or over cooked) and those also have no seasoning.  Everything was really greasy - soaked through a stack of napkins :-( I don't understand the big fuss about this place! The secret menu isn't anything special... It's all hype to make people curious. I'll only give their milkshakes 4 stars, those are legit and completely worth the bellyache.
4	I'm not really a big fan of "in n out" but I am somewhat of a burger connoisseur so I will give credit where credit is due and this place has great burgers... Fresh and fast..good job!
5	This is a great chain, we love this place. Simple menu, but all the classics are good!
5	In-n-out is my favorite fast food place... and this specific location is my favorite in-n-out. It's on the way home for me - which is a good and bad thing. Good because it's so convenient; bad because it's so convenient! My week isn't complete without an in-n-out burger. Eeek! I always go thru the drive-thru. One, because I am lazy. Two, because I can't stand the smell of onions! The entire restaurant reeks of onions as soon as you walk in and the smell stays on ya. No thanks. It's just so much easier to be lazy. Another reason I love the drive thru is because they're so friendly and fast. They ALWAYS greet with something along the lines of "welcome to in-n-out, how are you doing today?" Yeah lots of people ask that question but they actually care enough to follow through and give you a real answer and thank you if you ask how they are as well. It's great!
4	Customer service is great. However I come here all of the time. They need someone outside taking orders. Here now and people are pulling out of the line going next door to del taco.
4	When I yelp, I bark animal style. When I dine in In N Out I pass over animal style and enjoy a mouth watering cheeseburger & fries.  Speaking of animal style, in the fast food jungle, In N Out is an animal with the style of simplicity and efficiency. It is delicious fast food made simple. With the exception of a secret menu, there are only three meals to choose from. A hamburger meal, a cheeseburger meal, or double cheeseburger meal. It is simplicity made fresh. Forget about ordinary burgers being left under warm lights or frozen patties warming up in a microwave style device. At In N Out, they cook the burger right there and in front of the customer.  Delicious fast food made simple is brings me inside the Blue Diamond Road In N Out Burger oftentimes when I am in the vicinity of the Target in the parking lot. Lol. Sometimes I go out of my way to do an errand in this Target just for an excuse to patronize In N Out. The thing is, it seems that on any given visit hundreds of people are also patronizing In N Out. The upshot us that I am rarely in n out. But then again I always dine inside. Regardless that I might be number 240 and they are serving customer 186; efficiency speeds up the wait. Due to supply and demand, In N Out is so popular that finding a table is as difficult as finding a cold day on a June in Las Vegas. Just like at any In N Out; I consider myself satisfied sitting at a bar chair.   On the subject of crowded, I observed that at In N Out; customers rarely seem agitated or annoyed. Ditto for the employees. The employees here are even friendlier than at casual dining restaurants that I have experienced. An example is last Saturday when I dined here, a friendly employee went up to all the customers asking how the food was and making small talk.   In a City where there are countless restaurants to dine in, In N Out is the ultimate option. It is upbeat, inexpensive,  and delicious. When it comes to yelping this In N Out, I give it a 4 star bark :-)
5	Everyone here is working hard and they all have smiles on their face. A great team of helpful, dedicated workers! We were on a long road trip and my sister had to rinse out my niece's and nephew's bottles in the bathroom sink. One of the employees kindly offered to go in the back and clean them for her. She came back quickly with the bottles wrapped nicely in a box and placed in a bag. Of course the food was delicious, and even though the line was very long, we waited only for a short time. The only bummer is that the eating area is pretty small. Even though it was really busy, everything was stocked up and full. Great place!
4	This is your pretty standard In-N-Out. It's well run and things work like clock work. It takes a little while to get your food but that's because they don't premake anything like other burger joints.
5	Mm love In-N-Out. A must stop for our trip to the west coast. Get your burgers animal style, it's the best way. I like the fries just as it is. They are fresh and not overly salted. Burgers have always been fresh to order. This location is not far from the airport/The Strip which makes it that much more convenient for a quick trip. Plenty of parking and tables. The staff was very friendly.
5	Took a while but it's in n out so it was worth it
5	King of fast food burgers.cant go wrong with double double fries and a strawberry shake.
5	I wish In and Out was in the northeast but I'm willing to travel out west to get my fix of In and Out. When in Vegas most people are excited to see the lights, not me, I can't stop talking about going to In and Out. The burgers are awesome, the service is amazing and the secret menu is a fun added bonus.
5	Being from Hawaii and recently moved to Las Vegas and hearing all the hype of In and Out we went to Oceanside California and tried it and did not like it!  Now we moved to Las Vegas and gave this one on blue diamond its by the target and kohls off of Blue Diamond wow everyone is really nice , Clean and the food was Awesome.  So if you tried another in and out and didnt like it try this one!
5	Great food, good atmosphere!  And best of all great prices!  Stayed at the Silverton right next door, this is half the price of Jonny Rockets!
5	It is always so busy here, but the drive thru is extremely fast & get your order correct, very friendly staff & the food was yummy!! Make sure to try there special sauce to dip your fries in!!! My husband and I also got chocolate shakes from here... They are so delicious! If you want a quick and good burger place I highly recommend this location. Beautiful landscape in the drive thru as well as it's kept very clean!! We ordered our burgers special ways and they did them perfect! Thank you for a yummy dinner..
5	Ryan was the best counter service person I've ever experienced. Appears the culture here is to provide awesome service. Kudos to Ryan and this In and Out Burgers.
4	friendly staff...clean
5	This has to be the best burgers out there in fast food land iam from Florida we need some of these there the double double is amazing the fries are fresh not frozen great prices
1	So disappointed. Not at all gluten-free friendly! Boyfriend and I had a craving for burgers. Decided that we really didn't want protein style (bun-less) but since we have GF buns surely In-N-Out would be accommodating. Nope! Major disappointment especially since the In-N-Out in Henderson has been accommodating to this same request. Blue Diamond branch, while closer to home, definitely gets 2 THUMBS DOWN!!! Horrible customer service and we will not be dining here again (then again, we didn't this time either) we really wanted burgers but were not obliged.
5	1.  Rent a car.2.  Drive here.3.  Eat for cheap.4.  Go back to hotel.  Repeat steps 2 to 4 if you're a tourist, until you have to leave Vegas.  Otherwise, you're just lucky you can come to In-N-Out anytime!
5	Always good. They nailed my first visit to this location...Stopped in to get Girls some burger's and fries. My girls like it pretty plain but service was great. and My girls got exactly what they wanted and enjoyed the meal in a nice clean and fresh fast food restaurant.
4	Best burguers, amazing service  and fast. Can't go wrong with one if their burgers, it always hits the spot.
5	I love this place.  Cheap eats. Real fries from potatoes.  Quick good service.   Burger patties aren't that big but for the price it's well worth it
5	One of the few fast food cheeseburgers that I like. The fries with Thousand Island are great too. I love the simplicity of the menu, cheap prices, tasty burger and fries, friendly service, the option to customize your order with the secret menu, etc.
4	amazing! Simple menu, basic food but good god was it delicious! Huge burgers cooked to perfection and amazing fries. Be sure to try the "animal sauce," on your fries if you're usually a chili fries fan. Ambience is cool and has that old fashioned vibe. Service was quick and friendly! A must try in vegas!!
5	I LOVE LOVE in-n-out burgers! i usually get mine #2 animal style fries and animal style cheeseburger. I think the workers are really friendly and they try their best to make the food and customer service the best they can. I think in-n-out have one of the most flavorful burgers along with their fresh meat and fries. Their smoothie is also yummy!... You can order your fries with just cheese or even cooked longer etc. I love it here! My favorite burger joint
5	This is my favorite location.  Clean,  fresh & hot food ready in minutes. They have cash back on bank amerideals (Bank of America).
3	Had better burger and the fries were too extra crispy. But the burger was okay. Expected to be better. But its not too bad.
5	Being originally from Southern Cali, you can never go wrong with a in-n-out burger! Double double no tomato, extra whole grilled onions with my fries well down is how I get down! You can smell the grilled onions from down the block. Defiantly reminds me of home!
5	First time here during the summer. I came during the night, wasn't as packed as I expected. The service and food was served fast. The burgers itself were amazingly delicious. Definitely worth the money and trip there. It's cheap and the place was clean, the food was fresh and it had a friendly atmosphere.
5	Best service in the state!Great food.They all have the same high standards.
3	For our first in-out experience I suppose we were hoping for out of this world food but what we got was a pretty good burger (with way too much onion, and we like onion), a really good shake, and crap fries all for a decent price. I don't know that we will ever go back but it was worth trying it once and defiantly worth the price for a night that we didn't want to spend strip prices on dinner!!!
5	Hands down the best hamburger I have ever had in my entire life! Unfortunately we don't have any of these restaurants on the East Coast, but this is always my first stop anytime I am in Las Vegas or California! The food is very reasonably priced, but even more important: it is extremely delicious! Be prepared for longer lines because everybody else knows about this place too and it is extremely popular.
5	Speedy and friendly service.  I love that you can see them making your order through the large windows in the drive-thru.  Fresh cut french fries are the best!!!
