2	Service was good, food was not. I ordered a chicken burger with half and half fries and rings. The fries did look like they were made from fresh cut potatoes, but the fries were greasy, limp, overcooked, and almost cold. Rings were also close to cold, overcooked, thin and flimsy, greasy, and they honestly looked like the nastiest rings I have ever seen. The chicken burger was a pressed meat patty, which I wasn't expecting. If I hadn't been there with friends on my lunch break, I would have sent it back and gone somewhere else. As I said before, service was good, so I left a fair tip, but the food was severely lacking.
5	So happy there is a Zipps near me now! They've been open for 5 days and are PACKED. We got right in on a Friday night around 6:45, our server was Ashley M. and she greeted us right away and put in all of our food before happy hour ended at 7. We were told that the food wait-time was about 45 minutes, but everything came out way faster than that. We just got wings and some chips and salsa, but the wings were perfect like the other Zipps locations. Ashley was always present and took good care of us. Definitely recommend to anyone craving some sports bar food (and cheap drinks).
1	Went in for a beer and a shot with having no previous liquor. Turned us down for NO REASON so just like a gentleman went to the Bar and Got *** since the young Mexican guy was turning us down in such a rude way. He was using racial slures and since there is many other Bars we decided to turn our WATERS down and go elsewhere. I would not recommends this place. A small Mexican kid that probably got picked on in elementary school cut us off pre mature. I NEVER write reviews but I play for the Angels and hardly ever go out. But this has LITERALLY got to be the worst place in TEMPE. I just have to say way to go! Thumbs up to the Mexican kid that made the decision! I'm sober and writing this niw and in my way to have a good time. I would never in a million years write this but what a way to send us out. First  stop !! Skip this place! Waste of time. And oh ya my Bar tab is usually around $650... Forget this place !
3	Ended our night on Mill after St. Patrick's Day weekend at Zipps. Really all we wanted was some decent bar food after a night a drinking. We sat at the bar and it took about 10 minutes to be greeted even though the bar was not very busy at all. We asked for some menu's and water and it took about another 5 minutes for the water. I decided to order some green chile and chicken spring rolls with cheese. My friend got some turkey chili. It took about another 15 to 20 minutes for the food to come out and I watched it sit there for another few minutes before the bartender/waitress even saw it which was a little ridiculous with how slow they seemed.The chicken spring rolls were actually really good and they were served with a sweet jalapeno sauce which complemented them nicely. My friend's turkey chili was really good but very spicy, so be prepared for that if you order this.Overall the food was pretty good. Service was slow. If I was in the area again and needed some apps and beer this might be a stop I would make. Return factor 50/50
5	Thoroughly enjoyed my night here tonight! Right when we walked in it was super packed. We couldn't find our own seat in the bar area so moved on to the dining area for 8 people. The zipparita is actually very good for the happy hour at only $3. When it says there's a limit on the menu, I knew I would get my money's worth of alcohol.When we ordered food, we got the mild buffalo wings and the chips and guac.... Not a bad wait for both of the items with how busy it was. The buffalo wings in mild were way too bland for me so we had to get a side of medium sauce for the extra kick. For the chips and guac, both very good but had to a season the guac with much more salt and pepper. For the rest of the night it was just more drinks.For it being March Madness, I would love to be back here again during this week. A great place to watch games as TVs are absolutely everywhere. Keep up the nice work as a new sports bar on Mill and people will continue to come in! Be back soon!
4	Freshly opened on Mill Ave and I'm a fan! The food is perfect chowing down after a night of drinking and debauchery. The waitress we had was super nice, and the security guard didn't kick me out after drunkenly threatening to chop off his penis.As with all Zipps in general i believe their Zipperatas should have the option of being frozen or on the rocks.
1	We had a really bad visit. :(- The bar said they were out of Bloody Mary mix - meanwhile, we see a bartender pouring it- They said they were out of sourdough, although several items on the menu state that they come with it. They replaced with a bun without asking. - The food took more than an hour to come out.- one sandwich was forgotten. After mentioning it twice, 1/2 hour after everyone else got their food, a manager finally came out to ask if we'd gotten it (we hadn't). He never said I'm sorry - just said, "I'll check."- The food was gross.  Most meals were in edible. The nachos were terrible - had a pool of grease left at the bottom. - The drinks were so weak, we watched the bartender pour.  He did put one splash of alcohol - not even close to a shot pour.  We demanded new drinks.  - After a comprehensive discussion about splitting the bill three ways before ordering, one bill was delivered.  The waitress proceeded to ask all the same questions as before, but had each of us review what we ate. - 4 of 6 in our group said its the worst meal we've had in a long time, if not ever. No apologies were ever given and definitely no offers of a comping a single item.. We will never ever eat at Zipps again. Yuk!
2	Lesson learned....never try a brand new place within a week or two after they just opened.They just open the Mill Ave location 2nd weekend in March.  They still needed to work out all the kinks.  We came here for lunch and it was almost a 2 hour lunch ordeal.  Our waitress was super nice but everything including our waitress were disorganized.  Once we ordered our food it took 30-40 minutes to get and a couple girls in our party had to wait a little longer, once we got our food it was good.  We ordered sandwiches, wings, salad everyone was pretty pleased with the food except the sweet potato fries  were over cooked, but no big deal.  Check Please!  Lordy....that took another 30 minutes.  Our waitress was running back and forth between 3 registers to process our checks.  That was ridiculous!  I hope this place gets their stuff together because on Mill Ave. those worker bees who work in the area need to get in and out within in hour.  Zipps can accommodate large parties which was great, but plan on a 2 hour lunch.I'll be back in May or June to try it again for lunch.  We will see if they have improved.
3	Looking for a sports bar for NCAA tourney action and food. It's a good sized place and lively. Food is ok, typical sports bar food. Service was fine and prices reasonable. All and all a good time. I could see stopping in here again. Plus I bet on a football game day this place is great.
4	It was crazy busy but or server was cool and attentive.Magic Hat on draft for three bucks but 4/5 cause a server crop dusted us.
1	So I wanted to leave a good review, I really did.  I would honestly give it negative stars if I could. I frequent the Zipps on Greenway and have always had impeccable service and great food. This Zipps totally fell short. We waited nearly an hour for our food and when it arrived, it was burned. When I mentioned it to the manager (Matt), he literally laughed in my face. Another manager came over and rectified it after Matt had his outburst. I love Zipps, it's beer, great food and environment. But this Zipps has the WORST management I've ever beheld.
5	I was pretty excited to find out they were opening a Zipps in Tempe. There hasn't been a great place to watch sports on MIll Ave so I think this will be a popular spot. It is saturated with TVs which is a good thing I guess.The food is solid and reasonably priced. They have a good selection of burgers for around $8 with fries (double patty). The fries are just okay but I'd recommend subbing the onion rings if you're in to that sort of thing. The real draw to this place is their happy hour deals. From 3-7 every weekday they do $3 zipparitas and domestic pints plus some other good deals. There are also specials from 8-close that vary depending on the day.The first time I went the service was less than great but I've been back and they seem to have worked out the kinks. Zipps is a great place for all; I'd recommend it to pretty much anyone.
2	I had high hopes for this Zipps location.Positives: bigger bar, nice patio, TVs galore!Negatives: food ( had to take my wings back twice and they still couldn't get it right). My sister ordered the focaccia which was cut in tiny pieces on a cold as ice pita. Customer service was like pulling teeth. We sat for more than twenty minutes waiting on refills. As much as I love their wings, I might go somewhere else on mill with better service who will get my order right.
2	Loved the drinks but the service was horrible. We ordered an appetizer that never came (and was later put on the bill). I would rather just sit at the bar than deal with the server's attitude.
1	Worst food service EVER! First time there 30 mins to get our appetizers! Second attempt, order dinner, server "forgets" to enter the order. I will never return, I have received better service at the cemetery! Save your time and go anywhere else on mill.
5	Mill Ave Zipps....I normally go to the Old Town location, but a few weeks ago I went to this one.  The Golden Hot Wings are a must-have here and you can get a big ass mug of beer (as always, I get Alaskan).  Pretty much the same as the other Zipps....except they have this amazing tv set right at the bar.  You'll know what I'm talking about once you've been there.  I will say nothing more so you can have a reason to go if you aren't convinced already.Parking is a pain at Mill, but it's not Zipps fault.
5	Zipp's newest location I believe and the only reason why I have returned my visits to Mill. I have always been a fan of Zipp's and their Zipperita's. Order just a couple and you sure will feel a good buzz! But my favorite is the vodka wells for $2.75 during happy hours, you can't go cheaper than that! They have great happy hour specials and they always have late night specials starting at 8pm with other great deals. Each late night special varies and you can never go wrong with $4 Zipperita's or $4 Fireball shots. Service is fast and friendly. When the big games are on, it does get pack and expect service to be a bit busier than usual. This is always my first stop with happy hour after a long day at work. I haven't been here on the weekends yet but I try to avoid the college binge drinking nights on Mill. I prefer happy hours during daylight (I'm old man) and they are very relaxed here.
3	Finally a sports bar that has really good drink and food specials on Mill, plus lots of TV's to catch any sports game. I tried the wings there and I must say its quite tasty. I would recommend the wings to pair with any drink.
4	This place is great. Awesome food and Suzie is the best. Tvs are perfect and people are great. Come see Suzie or Toni. Both great.
5	Great food, great staff, great prices, great atmosphere!! Favorite place to wind down after. Long day
1	Made this account just to write this review. An absolute awful experience, we had a party of 7 at the bar area having a couple drinks. When it came to tab out we were told by the manager, who could only look at the ground and not at our faces as he told us, that they do not split the tab even though they let two people tab out early and somehow split their Checks from the rest of ours. He then told us to do the math and write down what we want to go to each card. After seeing we were getting pretty upset our server came over and said this is how it's always been and that it even says it on the menu, but we never got menus or told that they don't spit tabs. Then she also had the nerve to tell us that the manager was making an exception for us. I guess having us split up our own checks for them is making an exception for us. I will never go back to this place especially with such a priss of a manager that doesn't try to make things right or look you in the eye to say that they were wrong.
1	Listen, I won't sugarcoat this in my favor too much: this is greasy bar food. I love greasy bar food. I sort of knew this going in that it would be greasy bar food, but that's no excuse for what happened during my visit.I ordered the Black & Blue burger. It was two slabs of hamburger meat between two buns with some blue cheese and blue cheese dressing drizzled underneath the buns. I ate the whole thing, but they made no attempt to dress it up. No lettuce, tomato, onions, mushrooms ... nothing but bread, meat and sauce. It was simply too much meat, but I ate it and sorta enjoyed it despite its obvious simplicity. It came with onion rings that weren't cooked all the way, with chewy breading. My wife and her friend ordered salads -- the taco salad and some sort of chicken salad (we still don't know what it was). Now, shame on them for ordering salads in a place like Zipps. They were asking for trouble -- I get it. But also shame on the restaurant for giving them items that were clearly just not right. Both salads had huge chunks of uncut lettuce. Like the thick chunky white part of the lettuce. The meat, which was again as uninspired as my hamburger, was tossed into the center of the salad. On top of each bowl, festooning the rim like a poorly designed hat, were tortilla chips. (Serious question: how do you eat a salad like that?) The taco salad just looked gross; our friend said it was awful and she barely touched it. My wife's salad had meat that tasted like tuna. She had me try it and I honestly couldn't tell if it was chicken or tuna. Even the smell was mysterious.Our waitress came back around and, bless her heart, she really sympathized with us. I told her we didn't like anything, other than my hamburger. I was very nice, but I told her the entire meal was gross and we didn't feel like ordering anything else. Most of the plates were untouched. I told her we would take a check, with discounts or without discounts, but I did not want to talk to the manager under any circumstances. This is a quirky thing I do with the wait staff. Management trusts them to be the face of the restaurant, to serve our food, to take our money, but as soon as something goes wrong, they have to get a manager. Well, then I have to tell everything over again to some blathering management type, who has to defend and apologize. I'd rather pay full price and leave then deal with the manager, some of whom were trained to be the exact opposite of their courteous wait staff.The waitress returns to the table to tell us nothing would be discounted. "Nothing is ever discounted," she tells us. "That's just not something they do here." Even though plates were largely untouched. Even though we told her the chicken/tuna was tuna/chicken. Even though we were super polite. But whatever, I just wanted to leave. But before we could go, the manager came over and made everything worse. He hovered over the table just as we were getting up and he half-apologized over the food. I nodded and smiled, but I could tell by his posture and tone that I wasn't going to get anywhere with him. He told us we could come back and try again and he gave us some Zipps bucks (which we promptly gave to the family eating behind us). Maybe I was reading him all wrong (I can admit that possibility), but I was upset he came over and attempted to make nice after we asked him to NOT come over and after he told the waitress to NOT discount anything. I guess it was brave of him to face us, but the braver act in this scenario might have been to make and serve better food. After we left, we immediately walked across the street to Steak & Shake. It was fabulous.
3	Lots of tvs . good atmosphere but food not the best even for a bar it was pretty bad. Go there to drink. Not to eat.
4	Okay, so I've been back to this zipps a few times since it's grand opening. I have to say it has improved. Amazing customer service at the bar area if you get Jason as the bartender. He took care of everyone in my party, learned each of our names, and got our order right. He remembered I was allergic to onions and made sure the pico de gallo on the nachos was put in the side. I will only sit in his area of the bar just to get this kind of detailed service. Thank you for proving me wrong the first time Zipps. I will definitely be a returning customer.
1	I should have know that one should not order a Philly stay in a sports bar... and Zippo's is no exception.
4	Great place. I think their Happy Hour is good and inexpensive. Been going for at least once a week. The food is good and just a nice place to go and chill. A lot of tv's to catch any games that is on. Also, there wings are pretty tasty, can't go wrong.
1	Wow I was excited as well to see a new place on Mill Ave and a local place with a good reputation around town.      But this location is a service FAILURE.     Instead of hiring great managers and great people, they must have fired eveyone in training with a brain cause the management here is overrated.    They need to be fired and replaced. I have given this place 3 official visits for drinks and food and a few times for drinks each time something wasn't quite right.    First the opened the new place understaffed,  unlike most places who open overstaffed and weed out the bad employees.    They decided to open in March, Arizona's busiest month with Spring Training and they open the week of March Madness.     The bar seats 30 plus people around a huge horseshoe bar plus about 200 general seating, there was only one  bartender working and one covering the well.    They needed 2 more bartenders,  I waited 10 minutes to get greeted and another 5 mintues for a water and beer,  then took 15 minutes for all three guys on my side to order.    The food came in 20-25 minutes a bit long for just wings, but the wings were good as always.   Good to see they brought the same golden sauce from their other locations.  Order the wings if you want to be happy here. Next visit - the place was half empty and service at a table sucked we came in at 7pm and wanted to catch an 8pm movie at the new AMC Centerpointe.   Of course we told our waitress and ordered right away , but food took over 30 minutes.    We only ordered chicken fingers and wings.   The breading on the chicken fingers was a bit soggy and heavy.   The beer batter is too much.   Last visits we had the worst Manager on the planet give us attitude about walking by the bar on the way to the bathroom.   They don't have any signs at sight level saving the area is off limits , they need to add some swinging doors.    His name was Jason, but frankly all the managers I dealt with or spoke with that night had the same attitude that they didn't care much.   They were too busy to care about giving good service.     I will avoid this bar,   hopefully the summer kills them and they close within a few years,  like Uno's before them or Tavern down the street.   I would rather go see the dbags at el Hefe that support bad management.  This place is to be avoided , try any other place on Mill.   or another location of Zipps in town.
1	I had their golden wings I was not impressed at all, and their ranch tasted like mayo it was the worse experience ever I mean the food took longer then I expected my bill was 22.00 dollars I paid 40 and the waitress took it upon herself to give herself a tip like without me even giving her a dollar amount are you kidding me where is the manager ASAP ....
1	This was one of the worst places I have been to. They took ages to serve the food. (The place wasn't crowded). The quality of food was decent. There are much better places on mill avenue and i would not recommend this to anyone if you care about your time.
4	Awesome sports bar and great beer and nice staff. If the peeps from Alaska ever come to Cali look me up.
2	great vibe in general throughout the restaurant. only problem is the food. fries were soggy. onion rings were terrible. probably could've gone to a different sports bar on mill with better food.
2	I don't seem to have good luck at zipps had a bad experience at another location decided to try this close to home, I ordered a salad the lettuce was old brown and wilted, when server asked how it was I  was honest she was like clueless, never sent a manager over to say sorry. When she brought the card back she left no pen to sign
4	Group of us decided to watch the Spurs-Heat game here. We walked in and the sign said seat yourself so that wasn't difficult. A pretty good crowd at a bar and sports grill. I seem to think there are more people when the hockey game is on because of my last visit. I ordered Zipp's wings, buffalo style-hot. The waitress even asked me if I was sure because they are hot. I should of tried the medium first, lol. It was spicy and hot, but it was that kind of spicy-hot that you just wanted to keep eating over and over because of how good it was. In conclusion, I was a big fan of their wings.I wish I would've gotten the name of our waitress. She had a trainee with her, but both were great because I'm pretty big on having my drinks refilled with having to wait a whole life time and they were good at making sure my water was filled. Only downside was  happy hour on the weekends. I mean Mon-Fri their happy hour specials is something you can't go wrong on, but weekends I feel not much variety and the 11am-4pm then 8pm-close is ok., Overall, food was good, company was good, service was good. All good.
4	By far the coolest feature is their bar tv's literally move and all come together to make one giant screen for big sporting events, during slow times they are all separate running different games. The place can get crowded for lunch but its a great place to go to watch a game after work as well. It can take 30 minutes or longer to get your lunch so plan accordingly especially if they are super busy. Happy hours specials are good! by far the best item on the menu is their burgers, love the blk and blue burger. Also the 1,000 island burger is great as well. you can sub fries for either half onion rings & fries or side salad or even sweet potato fries. Its hard to steer away from the burgers but they also have salads, sandwiches, etc. They even have different meat for their burgers such as chicken and i think turkey.  Also they burgers come w 2 patties if you want just 1 ask, and if you want the greens, tomato, etc ask as well not all burgers come with. Their appetizers are excellent and their wings are highly recommended. They have several local beers and your standard bud, miller in both pint and large mugs.
2	Went here for Sunday afternoon meal with the fam. We ordered wings, which were okay. Cheesesteak was had, burgers were had, grilled chicken was had. Basically, the food was jut average bar food. Same as one would expect at a joint. But this is not a joint. This is on Mill, it is large and new and we all expected more. The waitress was nice enough but not very present. The company was good, which made up for the food, but having been to Zipps Camelback and Zipps over by Shea I think I would recommend you go to one of those instead. That being said, according to our ASU lunch guests, this place is packed end to end with coeds most night of the week so it will probably outlive you and I both, Longer or shorter depending on your age. Just don't expect fine dining or even a reasonable bill. No one got ill, so that's something.  Oh, and parking is a B-.
1	Food is fair, lots of TV's. Today however the waitress and management  felt compelled to chastise us once, twice and then a third time when the manager came to let us know the errs of moving a table to accommodate 6 adults and 2 children party size ( they had us at two small tables and we moved the third over).  Get over yourselves, the place was empty and the #USA vs #POR wasn't starting for three hours.  Thank you Zipps for making a stressful day in 105 degrees just a little more miserable. Up side went home made delicious shrimp and saved money. If I could give no stars I would today.
1	The good food and cheap beer don't make up for repeatedly horrible service. Simple drink orders taking 30 minutes to fill, server saying she didn't know we were her table even though she already took our drink order. The consensus at our table was that our server was under the influence of something. And what's the deal with the patio? Who's bright idea was it to leave half the roof missing on a patio in arizona? PUT UP SOME REAL SHADE. Additionally, all of the outdoor screens are difficult to view because of their over-the-top housing that hasn't been cleaned and have collected dust on the inside of the covers.I made a yelp account just to write this review, I can't be the first person to complain.
1	Poor customer service! Attempted to watch USA World Cup game with a party of six. Host and manager acted like it was their first time working a large event. Given it was a big match no additional staff was scheduled. We asked several times where we were at on list. She responded you are next. A majority of others guests were seated which where larger parties than us. Finally after waiting almost two hours we left. I notified host we were leaving and she replied, "okay thanks". Unfortunate, hope you get your act together for football season. Poor customer service from host to manager on duty!
3	Cool place for beers and sports. Not so great food. Chicken tasted like it was boiled then grilled. Pizza was undercooked. They got us a new one which was okay. Our server Victoria was really nice though.
1	I wish I was lying when I say I sat for 20 minutes without service on the patio here. I have served for years and I just can't wrap my head around why this seems to be a normal thing when looking at reviews from other Yelpers.Let me note that I love Zipps and their Zipperitas...the wings are so good and typically I'm super fond of the service. Their other locations are great but this one was a joke. We got up and left and not a single person said a thing. Awesome!
1	Quite literally Zipps on Mill Ave. in Tempe is a Horrible place to eat.... You walk in and nobody greets you... they are in a constant state of "training" new wait staff because the manager is a total douchebag... and they are on the edge of going out of business... so the food is cheap and they "pad the bill" with all kinds of undisclosed up charges...And their turnover is high because wait staff likely quit all the time because the food is such poor quality.. The drinks at Zipps are watered down with the cheapest well liquor... yet they charge $6-$8 for a tiny drink during happy hour... The chicken wings were laced with margarine hot sauce that makes your stomach rumble with each bite,... their fryer oil is filthy... the ranch is like tartar sauce and rancid tasting...The onion rings are the most disgusting looking I've ever seen and their burger meat is cheap and raunchy tasting....We ordered our drinks for 3 people.... and it took 3 different waitresses 25 minutes to get our drinks... We ordered drinks before 7pm on a Friday Happy hour... the place was barren and empty... Now we know why....We were told she 'got our drinks in'.... yet they charged us full price for the drinks and included an additional $2.25 undisclosed "upcharge for each cheap well margarita with strawberry flavor...The food is honestly disgusting at Zipps... the onion rings come out dark brown falling apart with the cheapest batter Ive ever witnessed, the $8.99 burger comes out on a cheap deformed tiny bun you could buy at a gas station...I complained to the manager that the burger had decomposing lettuce on it... we also explained to two waitresses and the dickhead manager that we were overcharged for drinks and 3 times they made us wait for the check...Each time they returned and refused to correct the full price drinks from happy hour... this manager has no authority yet when we left them with ZERO tip for their dishonesty I saw them adjusting the bill to get their tip out of the cash we paid... over $50 for the worst food... My husband stopped at circle K for 1000Mg Tums on the way home from this dirty poorly run tempe location.They offered us a coupon for a future visit... we will never return to ANY Zipps location. The manager is a total douchebag that would not even take $5 off the bill or correct the terrible food production from their lame kitchen.. I am reporting them to the health inspector because you can get food poisoning at this location... It is THAT BAD.... But by all means check out the deplorable service, crappy food and horrible management and staff for yourself if you like living dangerously at Zipps which makes sense cause you get zero quality food, zip nada zilch for service and they lie to you and try to pad the bill.... then the manager comes over and tells you they agree with the waitress and rip you off... lovely... This restaurant is the worst Ive ever eaten at in AZ period.I would not give them even one star... Why? Because they have no business being in the hospitality industry with their negative attitudes, lack of ethic and cheap tactics...Buyer beware... go to PF Changs, Gordon Biersch or any reputable restaurant that can afford quality food... and to hire an actual staff.,..  this place sucks!
5	I have been to Zipps twice now. Both times to watch World Cup games with my husband and son. Though service was a bit slow (due to the massive amount of sports fans) it was worth the wait. The server was cute and kind. We all ordered hamburgers. We all agreed that it was a good burger and my son said it was the second best burger he has ever had. The sides are huge that accompany the burger and we were left stuffed with a bill barely over $20. Amazing!!!The games were a bit long and the server did not seem like she cared if we sat and watch the rest of the game. Love.
5	My server, Mariah, was on point. Girl was witty, speedy, and even helped me find a drink that I'd like (Not a big drinker normally). Definitely coming back because of her! You rock girl!
1	As a regular, I am disappointed at this location. I feel there are a lot of hidden price increases here compared to what they personally advertise. Look at the menu long enough and check your receipt and you'll often see that the prices don't match or what they advertise ... Grrrrrr... And apparently this location advertises the kitchen closes at midnight when clearly they close it much earlier ...
1	Service was so slow!  We felt like we were on an island.  Three different servers for a 6 person table.  We visited on a Thursday night and it wasn't very busy.   Then at the end we had to tell the server what we got so she could ring it up.  Good thing we're honest....  Won't be back.
3	Hey so... Uhh.. I've been here for an hour and I finally got someone to come over and take my order. Cool.They get points for showing Friday night fights though, hella hard.
4	Loud and casual so it was perfect for us after getting into town.  Football and basketball games were in the tv's so there was a lot to watch.  It was Saturday night and move in time at ASU do lots of new Sum Devils in the place.  The burgers were good and the beer was cold.
5	My experience here was good.My server was very friendly and the item she recommended was very tasty - the Chicken Foccacia, which was on par with the chicken wrap at Four Peaks.Sports bar atmosphere with nice big TVs. I see no reason to rate this place less than a four.
3	The wall of TV's on both sides of the bar distinquish this Zipps from many others in the area. The zipparita did not taste as good as other locations though. On this day it wasn't too crowded yet at 4pm. The bartender was new and the manager turned on my Yankees game as requested. Much better place to probably watch weekend football. They should at least alter the menu at some locations to reflect ASU or Scottsdale, but it's the same specials and same menu everywhere.
1	Poor experience thanks to an unfriendly manager.  After waiting almost an hour, which was fine, the hostess took us to our table where we ordered drinks and our dinner. The drinks came and then the manager for our section came to our table and accused us of sneaking in and swiping it. He didn't believe us when we said this is where the hostess sat us. He wanted our beeper number!  Which we gave him. Instead of just asking the hostess in the first place he decided to accuse his customers of stealing a table. After he verified we were legit he stayed away from our table. A simple "sorry guys" would have sufficed. The waitress was good and the food was good though. They did charge extra for the Caesar dressing for the chicken Caesar I had. We won't come back.
1	We love Zipps, but the Tempe location on Mill is a joke!! Don't waste your time going to this location!  I agree with the other reviewers in that the manager is a complete douchbag!  It is because of his poor service, that we will never visit this location again.
4	Let me start off with saying that I am not a bar food kind of person. In fact, I usually eat prior to going to a bar, since the food is always the same (wings, fries,pizza, etc.) On Sunday, My husband really wanted to stop to catch a few games at the new Tempe location. I ordered my usual margarita with their house tequila and was very good. I browsed through their menu and came across their burrito (which appeared to be a new item on the menu). It consisted of chicken, cilantro, corn, black beans all in a tortilla with guac/sour cream/salsa on the side. Boy was this good! Extremely tasty and the combination of all the ingredients was very well put together. Something I never would expect to have at a bar.  I loved the fact that I did not feel extremely full as the items in the burrito were actually not all that bad for you. You have to try it. Never been to ZIPPS or been a fan, but guess what, I am now. I will be returning soon!On a side note, the bar stools were a bit uncomfortable. I hardly have this problem (as I my cushion helps prevent this). Next time, I won't be sitting on them for a long period of time as they are a bit uncomfortable.
1	Bad slow service, if I went into details about examples why I"d be writing a novel. But I won't be back to this location.
1	We walk in, completely respectful & calm (because if we were belligerent, I'd understand what happened next) but didn't even get past the bouncer. He checked all of our ID's (My friends are visiting from San Diego so obviously they all have California ID's) & was fine, until he got to the last one which was the older one so it still had the red stripe saying "21 in 2011," which the bouncer said was unacceptable by Arizona law. Um, 1) it's 2014 (which makes him 24), 2) your bar is empty, 3) it's worked EVERYWHERE else, including the place we went to after being turned away from here. The bouncer was so rude (in his 20's, blonde with a goatee/beard) for no reason. I get that you deal with a lot of annoying ASU students, but we are all 24-26 years old in careers yet we were treated like we were 20 trying to sneak into a bar, which was empty so probably could've used the close to $150 we spent else where. Needless to say, neither myself nor anyone who visits me in the future will be returning here, or attempting seeing as though it's obviously difficult to get in, despite being 3-4 years older than the legal drinking age. You should either train your staff better or get rid of the people who drive away business, or both.
1	My work team decided this was going to be our lunch spot for our monthly outing and to also celebrate my birthday. Unfortunately, we ended up walking out without any service. It was 7 of us and we received the worst welcoming ever! Apparently, they are not hard up for business because they can deny 7 people for business. They wanted to sit all 7 of us on a small table. We had moved a table to accomodate us and a waiter came around to tell us that 6 people normally fit and at a single table and to just pull a chair over. Keep in mind that we are not super models. There are guys who work out and ladies who eat healthy. He was not budging on the fact that we were comfortable with the extra small table we pulled and continued to ask that we squeeze all in. The place was damn near empty but he said, "We could get busy and might need that table". So we said buh bye!
2	I visited this location twice while in Tempe. During the day would be a good start if you would like decent wings. But that positive atmosphere quickly changes during the evening hours. First, the wing selection is decent. Nothing earth shattering, but good quality wings. The sides are a bit skimpy and the wait staff is friendly. As for the evening experience, you may want to venture to another location. My waitress during the evening had to apologize several times because of the poor bartender service and slow kitchen. This time I brought a friend because of the good lunch service. That service quickly turned sour and habitually slow. After being seated it took nearly 20 minutes to have any waitress to ask what we would like to order. Our mixed drinks appeared approximately 20 minutes later. That was 40 minutes without drinks. Food arrived about 30 minutes after our drinks arrived. This means we waited over an hour to be served wings. There was no excuse because the place wasn't filled with many customers. In fact, many left because of the slow service. Typically I would give balanced high marks because of a previous experience. But this location has lots of growing to do if it wishes to compete with a thriving campus community. I would highly recommend visiting for lunch but not for dinner.
2	Best part of the bar is the sound is on for the games and the huge TVs. 25 minutes for a side of fries. 17 minutes to pour our beers after they closed our tabs and took the signed copy! We had to get a manager because they wouldn't come by and he still made us pay. Not to mention one of our glasses was chipped and they wouldn't replace the beer. Awful representation of a sports bar.
1	Couldn't get our wings split in half. 5 hot 5 plain. I run the busiest pizzaria in the valley, and I know unless they're pre cooked you could split wings. Bad business.  Lazy management and staff.
4	I usually go there to watch NFL game on Thu. Almost same table every time. Servers are friendly and they know your order in advance. Food is OK, just bar food. One thing, onions rings seem to be too much greasy and flavorless. Compared to other Zipps in the valley, this is the best I've seen so far.
2	It's ok
1	Super disappointed!  I love zipps and frequent the other locations quite often, gave it a shot on a saturday afternoon, sat at the bar, and literally waited 20 mins before i was even noticed. (Not exaggerating) ordered a zipparita with chambord, delicious,  always are, then asked for a menu and got a sigh like i was a bother to her by asking for a menu, (brunette with a hat) ordered the buffalo shrimp with blue cheese, and when it arrived, there was no buffalo sauce at all, (they are supposed to be tossed in it) or blue cheese as it comes with on the menu, at this point i flag down my server, and ask for buffalo sauce and once again i felt as though i was bothering her by asking her for items that i ordered and never received.  The bill comes, my margarita was charged full price.  They were on special saturday before 4.. and was charged for extra sauces.. and it was supposed to come with my order hence the name buffalo shrimp. How can you charge extra for something that is part of the order? Very disappointed.  A call to weights and measures will be made. We wont be back to this location.
1	HORRID. I work in a restaurant so I am very understanding when it comes to eating out. This is the first time in my life where I have not tipped. Came in on a Thursday night with 6 people. We were seated and then left for literally 25 min. I had to walk up to a bartender to get them to send someone over to take our order. Our orders were taken and our food took a substantial amount of time. Obviously there were a lot of us, so this was expected. Our food came out cold. I got a 1000 Island burger with fries and onion rings. The bottom half of my bun was so soggy it fell apart the second I picked it up. I asked for another bun and they replaced it. Everyone's fries were cold, not lukewarm, completely cold. No one came over to check how we were doing or to re-fill drinks. They were not understaffed either. A lot of servers were just standing around talking about our table specifically. We could tell because they were pointing and glaring. Finally when our server came over to ask if we were ready for our checks, my friend said she didn't want to pay for her fries because they were cold. The server went and ranted to her manager right in front of us, pointing and making annoyed facial expressions towards our table. They took off $1.50 for her fries. I was charged for a soda I did not order and she said she would take it off when she took my card. I was still charged for the soda when she returned with my receipt. The server had to go back and fix the total she charged me. She was not apologetic and not once did a manager come over to speak to our table. Never going back. Do not waste your time or money. I could've gone to In-N-Out and gotten a better and cheaper burger and would've saved myself an hour and a half of torture. This was the most unprofessional establishment I have ever been to. I wouldn't be surprised if it closed down in a few months.
4	Enjoyed the burgers and the appetizers. The drinks were good and reasonably priced. The service is a little slow and less attentive than it could be. However I enjoyed the experience and I would definitely return. Many televisions to watch sports.
3	I've come here with friends the past couple Sundays to watch football. We've had the chicken nachos, extra hot wings, and pepper jack foccacia. The wings were really good, as was the sauce. It was addicting although it burned my mouth from being so spicy. I had heard people recommend their foccacias and the pepper jack one I had was very good. The sweet jalapeno sauce they served it with wasn't something I liked, but it went fine with ranch. The drinks are good and they have different drink/food deals each day of the week. I was there for almost 5 hours the last time I went and my bill was very reasonable. Further, I wound up changing tables three times due to weather and TV view and had three different servers the whole time. They were all very attentive towards our table. Will definitely keep coming here for football games.
2	Meh. Nothing special. Typical overcrowded sports bar near a campus. The hostess was rude, took forever to get a drink, super loud & if you sit outside there's a 99% chance you're going to get sprayed by their sprinklers no matter where you sit. Plenty of other great bars on mill to check out. I'd go here again if it was a last resort and all other bars were closed.
1	I can't say I have ever actually been to Zipps and received service I was even remotely content with.  This trend of poor service seems to apply to all locations of this sports grill and gives me no reason to go back.I went with a few friends to the Mill location and all of them ordered the same order except for my order which was the only different of the four.  After an excess amount of wait time after ordering (a common occurrence at Zipps) the waitress returned with my three friends meals but not mine.  After waiting another 10 -15 minutes she finally returned and when I asked where my meal was she was confused and did not have it.  So she took my order again, with attitude, and my meal wasn't brought to me until about 10 minutes after everyone I was with had already finished theirs.When I saw a manager approaching me with the food I was expecting some type of compensation or at least an apology, however I got almost the exact opposite.  The manager attempted to swing their mistake into blaming me for not having my food, which does not even make much sense.  So after poor service, immature management who can not hold themselves accountable for mistakes, and decent (at best) food, I will not be returning to any Zipps location again.
5	One of my favorite places to eat on Mill, or anywhere in Tempe for that matter! They make one of the best chicken sandwiches I've ever had and amazing onion rings! I've never met anyone who has been disappointed by the portions or pricing either. The service is pleasant and the waitress remembered my friends and I, our orders, and even the time we came in previously!! Talk about service-and that was on Halloween of all times! I'm incredibly impressed and happy to say I'll keep coming back.
1	I ordered wings... Never got them. The server was this blonde girl who had an attitude problem.  I left without eating because at that point, it was past 45 minutes.  I guess they are doing bad, they might really need the 8 bucks that my wings were.
1	Went there just for a few drinks, the asu game happened to be on,  we don't keep up with football and had no idea. We understand you are crowded, our drinks took a little longer but hey, we only got one and our server was very attentive. However, as we were almost done with our beer, my friend asked me to take a seat really quick because I had an injured ankle and when we sat down literally for 2 mins (even tho we know someone would come and ask us to allow them to clean the table, we just needed a seat for a min) Abby came and rudely began to go on about her 6 page waiting list with attitude asking us to leave the table. Unnecessary to be rude, I have been in the industry for years, that's not the way you speak to a customer. Maybe you should train some off your staff a little better on etiquette.
4	Not Sure why Zipps has such bad reviews?  We came here after watching the Ironman today, and I thought it was great.  Happy hour on Sundays are $7 burgers and $10 pitchers.  Throw in a $4.50 Bloody Mary, and you have a Sunday Funday on your hands.  I had the Burger with Green Chili's and it was delicious.  PepperJack cheese, green chilis, and a side of Chili to go with it?  Yes Please.Prices were reasonable, and the food was good.  It's worth giving it a try, if there is a happy hour going on!
2	My boyfriend and I visited Arizona from Texas this weekend. We decided to hit up Zipps Saturday evening thinking it'd be the best place to catch both of our college football games (Texas A&M and ASU) since they have about a bajillion TVs. We sat at the bar for several hours, had several drinks each, buffalo wings, and a large pepperoni pizza. Pros: The food was pretty good. The wings were crisp but also extremely saucy. The pizza was fresh and hit the spot. Their margs were also pretty tasty. Most importantly, the TV situation here doesn't even kinda suck. There's a good size television every couple feet, which makes for optimal sports watching. And I'm not going to lie, I was pretty impressed when the 9 TVs merged into 1 giant screen when the ASU game started. I don't care who you are, that's cool! Cons: The service was less than acceptable. From our very first greeting, we were just appalled with the attitude of our bartender. She was extremely short with us, and just plain rude. And it didn't stop with her. Every bartender after her also had the same kind of unpleasant disposition. It's like one of them caught a severe and extremely contagious case of Resting B*tch Face and then infected the whole bunch. It got to a point where everyone around us was also talking about how they didn't appreciate the way they were being treated. Having lots of TVs is cool. Having decent food is also cool. But being treated with respect as a paying customer is the coolest. And in my opinion, it's the customer service that makes or breaks a place.
2	The only reason I keep going back is because the wings are really good. and you can't beat a $4 32oz domestic for happy hour. other then that most of the waitresses are terrible. they mess around constantly,no true work ethic.
1	Wish I checked yelp before I walked in here blindly and gave them business.Hot wings taste like vinegar. Couldn't even get one bite down.Mozzarella sticks made with spring roll wrappers. No no no. SmhPizza slice for $2 was tempting. Nope, even little Caesar's and 7-11 have better pizza. Beers are decently priced. Service as mentioned in many other reviews was seriously lacking. Completely disorganized and inattentive. Never again.
3	Zipps is wonderful.... Food is excellent, everybody is friendly..... Charging a table of 4 $.50 for a side of ranch is stupid.  Making that extra fifty cents to make me feel taken advantage of is silly when we already have a tab of well over $100.  I love this place but this seems petty and makes me feel unimportant and not valued as a customer.
1	$3.00 zipparitas on a Tuesday night on Mill. Sounds like a match made in heaven. Upon arrival I immediately ordered said zipparita. For something that's "premade" it took about ten minutes to reach the table. A friend and I ordered some nachos and wings. That took about 30 minutes as well. For the amount of time we waited, I was expecting a semi decent appetizer. The nachos literally looked like someone threw a pinch of shredded cheese on chips, microwaved them and threw toppings on them. About twenty minutes after receiving our "food" I'm assuming the manager on duty, asked how it was. He said "looks like some soggy nachos" wow! Thanks for acknowledging that!!! When we aired our concerns the "manager on duty" said "hold on lemme go to the office and get some gift certificates" he came back with a $5 dollar gift certificate that would be "honored on your next visit" oh thanks, cause I really want to pay for the piece of garbage "nachos" that were sent to me. It didn't end there. We were left at our table with our drinks for about another 30 minutes. We had to flag someone down to cash out as we watched the "manager on duty" try to flirt with the other female servers. Our original server was MIA. maybe if I was a drunk pledge, I would bend over and take this type of service. But unfortunately I'm not and will not be returning to this trash house.
4	Zipps is my favorite place to watch a game on Mill Ave. It's always fun to come here on game day for ASU home or away games and it's great for Sunday football. I also come here to watch my hometown teams play because they more than likely have the game on one of their many TVs. The food is great as well. I love the buffalo wings and any of the focaccia sandwiches are delicious. The only negative thing I'd have to say is that the service is a little slow sometimes. It has gotten a little better each time I have returned so I will definitely keep coming back here as a regular.
2	TVs are the only reason to be here. Couldn't order all drums for wings even after offering to pay a little more. Salad came out with everything else. "Oh, you wanted it first?"  Yep, I did-like everyone in America. BBQ chicken sandwich was flat dry piece of chicken drowned in BBQ sauce. Move along and find another place to send your time and money.
5	Great place to go watch football on Sunday's.The food is really good and the service is a hit and miss but overall this place still deserves five stars.
5	I'm giving 5 stars due to the golden style medium hot wings, when made fresh they are to die for, I work right next door but if u have a 30 min lunch don't go... you won't have time to eat  they take a bit of time to do so
3	Zipps is Zipps and nothing really changes from location to location. This isn't a bad thing either! This is a quintessential sports bar with plenty of tvs, great specials/happy hours and good fatty food. My favorite is the Monaco focaccia. While it's a good spot to watch a game, Zipps also does takeout and they do a great job with it. I'm happy they made their way to Mill!
1	Terrible Service and mediocre food. Not worth it unless you just want to drink and watch games.
3	Went here to watch the Mizzou football game while in Tempe. The bar was big and even had outdoor the sitting. The food was just ok. Like most bar foods. They do have great drink specials when we were there. The prices for the food was very reasonable.
2	Went last weekend with 10 friends that came from overseas and they were not allow to drink alcohol because they only have a passport and not American ID!
4	My favorite Zipps location. Great location right off Mill Ave.  Lots of television screens.  Great patio for people watching the crazies off Mill Ave. And since I live within walking distance, well biking distance, it's my favorite location.
1	Discriminated Against the Disabled.Arrived in Tempe last night for the Cactus Bowl - our first trip to Tempe.  Wandered down Mill Ave to find someplace for dinner.  Saw Zipps and thought it looked good. We walked in there with my medical alert service dog.   I am disabled but my disability is not obvious.  The dog is clearly identified as a service dog with a vest and leash.  The Security guy at the host podium took one look at the dog and said "my manager is going to prefer if you guys sit outside with the dog."  Keep in mind that Tempe is having an unusual cold snap and it was 38 degrees outside.  I told him that it was illegal to discriminate against the disabled or segregate us at all.  He just stared at me.  We chose to leave as we don't want to give our business to a company that is so unwelcoming to the disabled.
2	Very unfriendly staff. If I am spending my money please take a second to laugh at a joke or smile.
