5	First Carniceria to open in Pittsburgh in years!! I'm Argentinean, I'm exited to say that they even carry asado (beef ribs) at a very reasonable price. The owners are great, make sure you let them know of anything needed (I have asked for tapas de empanadas); most of the items they carry are Mexican style foods and other Latin American countries. They also have marinated fajita meat (beef, pork and chicken) spicy but not too much. Last time I went in there they were roasting a pork, my husband said it was delicious! One new thing I noticed is chicken milanesa, one more thing to try, very easy to cook and the pieces are big!I'm glad we have the this butcher in town. My family is very happy. And I support local stores!!
4	Short Version: Great selection of Mexican food, as well as fresh produce and other grocery items, at prices that are more than reasonable.Long Version: Having moved here recently from Southern California, seeing a Carniceria open down the street was an exciting prospect, but I expected to pay for that privilege. I was wrong: prices are as cheap, or in some cases (fresh bell peppers, some produce and butcher items) cheaper, as you'd find at Costco or Giant Eagle. Plus, they have all the goodies you want like Coke bottled in Mexico (real sugar! no corn syrup), Jarritos Mexican soda, and a large assortment of those delicious and hard to find items you might associate with Mexican food or things available in Southern California. This includes pre-seasoned burrito and taco meats like Al Pastor for very cheap prices.The only imperfect thing about the whole operation is that some items that are stocked are stocked in small numbers, so occasionally you'll go back to find they're out of stock of something you were looking for, but it'll usually be there next time you go back.Highly Recommended
5	This place is great! They have so much inexpensive (and GREAT tasting) food that this is now a regular place for us to come get food. We've tried many of their different kinds of meat and we keep coming back for more!Also, every weekend (providing there's no blizzard) they are out cooking EXCELLENT tacos on the sidewalk. I mean, GOOD stuff. We always get a few tacos and head down the street to get some coffee and enjoy!
4	A great place to stop in for hard to find, long lost flavors of my youth, in Pittsburgh.Las Palmas is nicely stocked, and seems to have become pretty well established, thank God, because food is bland without jalapenos, chile, and Cholula. I usually make my own salsas at home, but they make a great tasting salsa verde, which is super convenient. And I didn't even know I could get ready made Horchata, until I saw it in the drink cooler, (even if it's made with milk)... Until I get back to the southwest, I'll stuff myself with pan dulce, menudo, and horchata here.
4	I have not been inside the actual store yet, but their $2 tacos they cook outside rock my socks. The pork is a winner in my book. And seriously, where can you get a filling meal for just $2 (for Grandma who can't eat a  lot in one sitting), $4 (for me), or $6 (3 tacos if you like to eat a lot!). I wish they had a better selection of toppings for the tacos, but the seasoning on the meat is so good, you don't need much.
4	So I haven't actually been in the grocer.  I was attracted solely for the taco cart that was cooking some wonderfully smelling food out front.  You can choose either flour or corn tortillas -- the flour will take a little longer than the corn -- for your taco and a filling of beef, pork, or sausage.  The taco by itself is nothing special.  The seasonings are rather bland and the tortillas are not homemade.  What really makes these tacos good are the condiments and sauces that are in the cart to the left of the grill.  These sauces are freshly made and wow do they taste good on the tacos.  Be careful, though, I have no discernible heat tolerance limit and so was scooping on the sauces and trying them with a spoon.  Some poor guy after me apparently took some of the habanero sauce after me and his eyes were gushing with tears.  Hurts so good!
5	This is the best mexican store in Pittsburgh, I try to go there once a week to get all my favorite ingredients.... key limes $2.39 for a 2lb bag... guayabas... avocados...1.19 ea... cilantro 99 cents... white and yellow tortillas... prices are very reasonable and the store has a good selection of mexican products, piniatas...cookies, bread, beans and salsas.... I even find my Takis here.The meats are great... chorizo, cesina, carne al pastor... and the carnitas are very good too. They have tamales too for 99 cents each.They sell tacos in the front and if you ask they will give you a free sample for the meats...
4	What a find! street taco at $2.00 each.  On top of that they have an amazing fresh salsa/condiments bar.WIN
4	Get in line for the tacos.  $2 tacos that are the best.. just get in a long line to order and plenty of fresh made salsa's and condiments.  Does not take long and the smells are oh so good, makes you mouth water.Watch out some of the salsa's are hhhhooooooooooooooot!   Several slections of the type of taco: carne asada, carnita, chorizo and a thin rib eye or get a combo.  Taco stand is open on weekends and I think on Fridays in the summer but call to check out the hours if that is why you are going.If your looking for good tacos or a mexican grocery, this is the place.
4	I love this place. Initially, I went for their grocery store and then I discovered their tacos. Hands down, it's the most delicious $2 one can spend. If you are looking for Americanized tacos, don't come here. These are authentic Mexican tacos. They have a selection of meats to pick from as well as a great salsa bar. I can't wait for Fridays.Back to the grocery store, in addition to some great Mexican specialities, which cost much less than at Giant Eagle, they have a great little produce section with very affordable prices. Example -- limes were five for $1 last week. And best of all is their carniceria (butcher shop). Tired of bags of frozen chicken breasts? Try theirs.
5	* Grab a fistful of dollars. $10 will be enough for sampler of tacos and a Coke (con sucre real!). * Go here (ideally at noon on a Saturday when everything is hot, fresh and there are plenty of people to chat with in line.). * Eat the best tacos in Pittsburgh. There's no seating, but you can waltz down to the fire station to find a bench against the fence. Plenty of people can fit here. I find it's good to grab a few packs of the Maria shortbread cookies from the benevolent Goya company while here. They're good for post-taco dessert. Do not reveal that you're a Yinzer raised on Mad Mex by asking for sour cream and guac on your taco. That's tacky. Be the locally-eating globe-trotter by experimenting with the salsa bar. You'll learn to love your tacos with the fresh vegetables rather than the gloopy spreads. Remember this isn't just a taco hut. You might also want to stock up on your chorizo and other meats here. You really can't go wrong. And the prices are all far better than Reyna's (bless their intents) in The Strip.
5	Since moving to the burgh from California, I've been on a never ending quest to find decent local tacos. This taco stand outside the grocery store doesn't disappoint! Tacos are cheap, authentic, and you get to doctor them up yourself with whatever salsas and toppings your heart desires. So far, I rate these as the most authentic Mexican tacos in the Pittsburgh area that I've come across. Note that as this isn't actually a restaurant, you'll have to stand around outside to eat them, but that's part of the experience. Also, if you're afraid of spice, avoid the orange (habanero?) salsa at all cost - it'll knock you flat on your back!
5	This is my new go to grocery for all the Mexican products and produce.  They even have a fresh meat counter.  I bought skirt steak for carne asada.  The guy cut it to order and trimmed the meat up perfectly.  They had an abundant selection of specialty produce for Mexican style cooking. Prices are very reasonable.  I will never again shop a Reyna. We priced a few products at Las Palmas Carniceria that we had purchased at Reyna in the past and noted a significant savings.  I am looking forward to trying the tacos they make at the outside stand next time we go.  They smelled amazing!
5	Street food has arrived in Pittsburgh! This hearkens me back to the days of perusing San Diego streets in the infinite quest for the perfect taco: a lifelong endeavor.I quite frequently visit Reynas to get my fix, but I must say, this is the REAL DEAL.The stand is located in the charming, yet unassuming business corridor of Brookline. The Grocery itself looked packed with delcious mexican staples, which I will certainly have to return for when I am feeling more culinarily inspired.The taco stand....does not dissapoint. They have a variety of meats to choose from, cooked and marinated on the spot similar to Reynas. The meat is good quality, soft, and tender.what sets them apart is a cheaper price point (2 bills!!!!!! per taco), and myriad of toppings available. Go to town. Seriously delightful, still not heavily trafficked. I will make this drive, and often.
4	This is a great and friendly store!!  There aren't very many Mexicans in Pittsburgh and I was glad I found this taco stand/grocery store.  I tried the al pastor and carne asada tacos...the were both decent.  Doesn't compare to Chicago tacos though, but for $2, they are pretty big.  The store inside, the clerks were friendly and helpful!
5	Finally, after four years in Pittsburgh, I found a real Hispanic grocery store, and it comes with a real taco stand.  I've been grudgingly going to a well-known place in the Strip that charges 20-50% more for a not-so-great selection, but I shall shop there no more now that I've found Las Palmas.  Fully stocked grocery store with great produce (huge pile of tomatillos) and meat - everything you need to make that recipe you found in your favorite Diana Kennedy cookbook.  (Cheap Inca Kola!  Found my fix.)Most of you are more interested in the tacos, and I'll confirm that you can't go wrong there, either.  Real tacos - I tried puerco, barbacoa, and asada.  All were very good; the pork was exceptional - muy rica.  These are the real deal for street tacos, too - just like what I found in Atlanta and San Diego in past lives.  Only $2 (never pay $3 for a taco), and they're stuffed with easily twice as much fillin's as what you'll get at any other taco place in town.  (Note to their competition: tacos shouldn't be huge, but they're not appetizers, either.  I'm tired of eating three at the trendier places and still being hungry.  Four with no sides should completely stuff an adult male.)  The "fixin's" station is nice, too - faster and easier than having to wait on "the guy" to put it on.Four stars for the grocery store and five for the taco stand.  (...And the grocery store takes credit cards.  Hint, hint to all the local shops/restaurants that don't.)
4	This is the real thing here, people.  Real Mexican tacos on the street from a cart.  When you arrive, you must go into the market in order to pay before ordering your tacos.  They have three types of beef, one sausage and one chicken.  J and I both ordered 2 - one chicken, one beef each.  We also went into the store to get tortilla chips and salsa that you can buy homemade from the butcher counter.  Side note - the butcher counter looked amazing and I definitely need to go back to get some fajita fixings.  But I digress...  the tacos!The tacos are on fresh soft shells.  Corn and deliciousness in your hand. At the end of the grill, there is a wondrous stand for salsas.  It is filled to the brim with the good stuff - pico de gallo, cilantro, limes, pureed avocado, tomatillo salsa, red salsa...  All spectacular.  I am never one that loves pico de gallo, but this was amazing.  Definitely the best tacos in the city and for $2 a taco - they really can't be missed.  Come to Brookline and fall in love!
4	I had heard rumors about these delicious tacos.  But I didn't really fully understand it until I had them today.  Today I fully understood their deliciousness.  It's such a simple thing.  One stands at taco stand.  One looks over delicious looking meat.  One chooses between a couple different delicious looking meat including steak and onions, sausage and pork.   One receives taco and walks over to a neat and clean looking buffet of delicious looking toppings.  These toppings include salsa, salsa verde, gauc, tomatoes and onions.  One devours tacos in an animal like fashion because... they're delicious!So for serious, they rocked my world!  And at $2 a pop you can buy a ton without breaking the bank!  I had the steak and the pork.  I liked the pork more because it was uber flavorful.  I also loved the toppings bar because I LOVE to dump toppings on as well.  Although at two tacos I stuffed myself and was full for hours (which does not usually happen!).  Do they beat out Reyna's tacos?  My answer would be they're on par but on different levels because they're just a different style.  That's just my observation.  The more taco stands, the merrier if you ask me.  Bring it tacos!
4	This is the kind of street food you'd find in any market or taqueria in Mexico...cheaper, chewier cuts of meats marinated and then seared on the flattop with onions. Simple and delicious. They were only offering the carne asada and ground beef ones today, so I'll have to go back for the tacos al pastor, which are my favorite. The salsa bar elevates this little taco stand above the rest, with a great choice of salsas, pico de gallo and thin guacamole. I don't know if they have them in order from hottest to mildest, but noticed the ones on the right were made from the more fiery chiles, so a note of caution for those of you who don't like too much heat. The carniceria itself has a great selection of dried beans, canned goods, produce and dried chiles. The meat market is in the back, and, while I didn't buy anything today, I'll be returning to do some shopping. This Mexican market beats any others in Pittsburgh. No seating here, but just on the other side of the fire station next door, there's a bench at the bus stop where we sat and devoured our tacos. Just like in Mexico City...!Buen provecho!
4	Simple. Righteous. My two words for this taco stand on Brookline blvd. I've said it numerous times, and I shall say it again. Brookline is a hidden gem of Pittsburgh. GO THERE!!Las Palmas is just another great reason for you to go. I had two amazing tacos with a spicy pork and had the choice of a many different salsas and toppings. Las Palmas is a great little spot that everyone can come to and get taco'ed up and feel great., especially since each taco is $2. You really only need 2 or 3.
5	Go here! I've been hearing about this place for awhile now and finally stopped. Excellent tacos! The most authentic taco I've ever had. I was hesitant b/c it's just a taco stand, but it was worth it. Street food at it's finest!
5	I really love this market. Although it is a little off my regular route of stops when I go to Pittsburgh, it is worth it.This is great because 1-It is Mexican products being sold by Mexicans, therefore they are very knowledgeable on what they sell2-The Carniceria(Butcher) This is the only place around when you can get specialty Mexican butcher items such as Arrachera for making Carne Asada.3-The taco stand out front is superb!!4-They have a lot of Mexican soaps and laundry detergents that I miss being able to buy from CA.
5	Where to begin?!?!?  This is real Mexican street food here.  Hands down the best tacos I've ever had.  My boyfriend and I walk here for tacos as often as we possibly can.  At $2 each...  how can you resist?A few things...  these aren't your Old El Paso taco night with your mom tacos.  Do not expect hard shells, cheese, lettuce, sour cream, and black olives.    It's corn tortillas grilled and filled with the meat of your choice.  Depending on when you go those meat choices vary but there is almost always a basic steak taco meat and ribeye.  They also have chicken, pork (my favorite), barbacoa, a potato/pepper vegetarian option, and chorizo.  It's your job to top them with the salsas, tomatoes, onions, and avocado they have waiting.  When you're done at the taco stand, check out the grocery.  They have a huge selection of peppers and a butcher that rules.
5	i thought i was going to have to live off of pizza, wings and hoagies once i moved back to pittsburgh...THANK GOD for this place...it's perfect, not upscale (it's a cart), cheap and DELACIOUS!!!
4	Tacos are now $2.50 with various meats available .  They no longer are selling tamales as they said they weren't selling well enough .  Bummer.  They were tasty.I have noticed that they over-salt the meat as they're cooking it .  Wish they'd lighten up on that .  That's my only complaint .  The Berumen brothers who own the 4 locations seem to be doing very well. You never see either of them at the Brookline location anymore .  I buy various items inside the store, some of the meats at the back meat counter and a lot of the produce .  I think a lot of the people that come from other 'hoods and towns never step inside .  You should .
5	If you are craving tacos go to Las Palmas. Trust me, they are delicious. I'm Mexican American, grew up in Southern California and ever since we moved here I have been in search for a place that sells good tacos. I have traveled through Mexico and know all about delicious street tacos and this place has them. My only complaint would be the tortillas. They are not that great, they don't make them on the spot like I am used to but at least you don't have to worry about your taco falling apart. Everything else is amazing, the meat, salsa, all the choices you have to fill your taco with. I hope they stay there forever.
4	I use to live in Brookline and I never understood the huge gathering of people outside this place all the time. I got to see their progression from small blue tarp to protect their flat top and salsa bar safe from the rain to their much nicer popup tent. The taco's are delicious. i have to say that the secret to their success is the home made taco shells that are beyond authentic. That combined with a pretty awesome salsa bar that could make just about anything taste good. So the meat is just alright but like I said it's the soft tacos and salsa's that you go for. At $2 a taco you are sure to leave full and it's not going to leave a dent in your pocket.
5	Folks, this is the real deal street tacos. Americans think tacos are something you get at Taco Bell. Negative, go here and appreciate what true tacos are all about. Plus the fresh salsa, pico, cilantro, limes etc. A hidden, authentic true gem in the burgh.
5	Authentic cheap eats.At $2 a taco, you really get a bargain because these authentic tacos will delight the Pittsburgher sick of the watered-down Americanized versions of tacos commonly found in the Pittsburgh area.  High quality meats, authentic double layered tortilla and a fresh salsa bar will fill you tummy with delight.Service is casual and friendly; however, since these tacos are best when ate immediately after preparation, you may end up eating outside or in your car.  Even though the atmosphere is lacking and there is no seating available, these tacos are worthy of the drive from anywhere in town and the wait in line, so if you find yourself on the south side of the tubes, Las Palmas is a must-try.
4	This is an awesome spot--so awesome that once I discovered it and some other gems in this area, I was instantly regretful that I didn't live in Brookline!The tacos are delicious and filling, and the butcher inside the grocery is amazing. The meat is really reasonably priced and they have the most delicious, fresh, perfectly spiced chorizo I've ever tasted.The staff are friendly and helpful. I had a really good shopping experience here and it's a great place to find ingredients for Latin and/or Caribbean cooking.
5	Excellent tacos and salsa bar. Great price at $2 each. Will definitely be back.
5	I may have to go back and change every taco place I've ever reviewed... Las Palmas is now my favorite.$2 a taco. That's IT. They are super generous with meat portions. And you can go CRAY on their serve yourself toppings. I had cilantro for DAYS. Salsa for MONTHS. Yumville population: me. Cash only. Worth it.
5	Probably the best tacos I have ever had.  They are authentic, huge, and cheap.  I had a potato taco with rellenos and a chicken taco.  Both were stacked food.  Double tortillas were necessary to contain the eye rolling deliciousness of the taco. I am considering moving just to be closer to these tacos.
5	Probably the BEST food you can get in Pittsburgh with this price. 2-dollar taco filled with meat. Plus, they have a full fresh salad bar. Simply delish! The only thing is.....there's no where nearby I can eat this yummy taco at. Coming in a warmer day may be a better idea.
5	Good mexican food of any kind is hard to come by in this city, let alone authentic street mexican food.  The tacos are dirt cheap, the guys working the stand enjoy what they're doing, and the self serve salsa bar is what dreams are made of.It's pretty simple.  You choose a filling: carne asada, chorizo, barbacoa, pollo, carnitas, or potato poblano.They pull two warmed corn tortillas off the flat top, stack them, and load it with enough to fill each of them individually.You hand them two dollars. Well let's be honest, most likely you're going to hand them 6 or 8 dollars, because not only are they dirt cheap, they're the best roadside taco you can get in this city. Yes, even better than Reyna's lengua taco on one of their handmade tortillas. Close race, but Las Palmas wins.Next, you step down the line to the salsa cart:  pico de gallo, whole roasted jalapenos, cilantro, avocado crema, mild salsa, medium salsa, hot salsa, habanero salsa, lime wedges, chopped onion, diced tomato.  The only additional cheap item I could think of to add to this salsa party is some shredded cabbage, but I sure as hell am not complaining. Grab some napkins and a fork and step aside.They don't have any tables or chairs. There is plenty of curb space, concrete steps of nearby businesses, hell there's even a library drop box that can be used as a makeshift table.  Just find a place where you can stop for 3 1/2 minutes and make a complete mess of yourself.The carne asada and chorizo are top notch, the others good if not great.Don't sell yourself short. Go get a taco... or five.
5	Best tacos in Pittsburgh, hands down, no contest. I'm almost remiss to spread the word because I love a good secret place, but these guys deserve way more recognition than they get. Go here. Eat well. Tell others.
4	$6.  Three huge tacos.  One was pulled chicken which was noting to write home about.  I topped it with one of the really spicy sauces which had my nose running.  The sauce was awesome.  One was pulled pork.  Wow.  To die for.  So good.  I topped that with a milder sauce (I can't remember which one).  The pork was tender and cooked to perfection.  Plus the corn tortillas.  So fresh.  Squeezed some lime on top.  Fantastic.One was chorizo.  It was a little heavier than I would have preferred (i.e., greasy) but I guess I kind-of asked for it.  I topped that with the avocado sauce.  It helped cool the spicy chorizo (and my still burning mouth).  Added more lime.  I would like to buy a chorizo and make it with eggs the next morning.Friendly staff.  Quick service--they fry the tortillas right in front of you.  The corn tortillas are awesome too. You dress your tacos yourself.
5	real Mexican taco, not the craps from chain stores
5	A testament from a Mexican, these tacos are the BOMB! So, so good! Best I've had in Pittsburgh. I love the BBQ beef! Corn tortillas hot off the grill. Tender juicy meat. Plus, an excellent salsa bar. Wow, these things are good! Did I mention they are cheap? If you haven't been to this place yet, GO! NOW! What are you waiting for?!
5	Thank You Las Palmas.Thank you for answering the unsatisfied craving for quality authentic West Coast Mexican food I've had for years since leaving Orange County.Thank you for being that cheap (read $6 for 3 tacos) staple quick food fix when I don't feel like taking the car or bike out to grab some grub.And thank you for offering not only a great taco stand with a variety of fresh simple dressings, but also an always fully and freshly stocked ethnic grocery store where I can find hard to get items for a quarter of the price that competitors charge.As I've watched you expand over the past 3 years...  just PLEASE do me a favor, don't lose sight of what makes you great!
5	Las Palmas is the platonic ideal of the ultimate mexican taco stand.  I'm normally not even a taco fan, but they take it to a completely different level, every savory bite is a transformative flavor experience.  Here is Las Palmas by the numbers:1 other mexican restaurant's all-mexican staff that told me Las Palmas is where THEY all go out to eat2 dollars is the price of each taco.  Each taco is actually wrapped with 2 hand made soft taco tortillas and have a double portion of meat (potato salad is an option for vegetarians), so it's more like 1 dollar per standard size taco.  Gourmet, fresh, delicious mexican at cheaper than taco bell prices!4 is how many tacos I ate.  I ordered 2, left, ate them, and immediately returned to buy more to go to bring home for dinner that night!10 is how many different fresh toppings they have, guacamole, peppers, limes, cilantro, onions and a variety of salsas from mild to absolutely DEADLY hot habaneros!7 is how many days a week I'd happily eat Las Palmas tacos!
5	I ate their tacos twice in one day last week and enjoyed some today. Not for the weak of heart and it's nothing like Mad Mex. Real tacos, real Mexicans, really good. They're only a couple bucks a taco so if you haven't gone than you're a toy. Also a grocery store which has a really awesome selection of latino foods.
3	I understand that food trucks are the new thing.  But I judge my tacos on the meat that is going inside them first, everything else is just sprinkles.  That being said, I tried 3 different meats that were going into the tacos, and they were all bland.  The big draw for people are the condiments and such that you get to put on top.  Otherwise, it is just a taco, no better, no worse.
5	These tacos were so good.  I went two days in a row...  Being from Atlanta I am used to authentic mexican food and this hit the nail on the head. - Huge portions of great tasting taco meat for 2.00- - Wonderful salsa bar to dress your tacos however you like- Everyone there is extremely friendly  Would be great if they had a few tables, but half the fun is the street cart atmosphere. They are seriously wonderful and my favorite out of the dozens of places I have had tacos in Pittsburgh.
5	Excellent street taco and Mexican soda. We got there about 1:30 pm on a Sunday and there was a line people waiting to buy tacos. Great ingredients and toppings.
5	I have been visiting Pittsburgh steadily for the past 2 years and let's face it, it is a quest to find delicious and authentic ethnic food in this city. Not saying you don't, saying you put in sweat, money and imagination.And then you find Las Palmas.Update: within 12 hours both me and partner got hit by diarrhea. There is no way in the world I am giving this business less than 5 stars.
5	Delicious. Authentic. This place is fantastic! I was lured in by the smell of tacos and I was not disappointed. Great food, friendly service and an excellent selection of salsas and toppings. Wish I had more reasons to be in Brookline. Oh, and $2 per/taco!
5	Update: within 12 hours my partner and I got the stomach bug. Diarrhea. Still, there is no way in the world I am giving this business less than 5stars.
5	I will drive across town for Las Palmas tacos.  (Grocery store, too.)  Only possible ding is that they don't always have their pork tacos - those are amazing.  Barbacoa's always available, though, and it's almost as good.Tip: Just found out today that you can pay for tacos inside with a credit card if you're low on cash.  (They'll mark it on your receipt to show outside.)
4	Possibly thing the miss most from living on the west coast is the abundance of taco trucks. This storefront taco stand is among the best I have had in Pittsburgh. Is it better than Reyna's Tacos (Strip)? Does it matter? Not really because depending on what part of town myself in I would take either.You know how taco stands work right? Pick your meat carnitas, chicken, or steak. Then choose your veggies. Simple right? Yes Simple! I like the one in Oakland too.
5	Very delicious.  Best tacos I have had in a long time.  Will and have driven far for these tacos.
5	These are the best tacos in Pittsburgh. My wife and I have been on a multiyear quest to locate the best tacos, and this is it. Search no further. You have to eat them on the street but that does not diminish their perfection. Las Palmas has another location in Oakland that is equally as good.
5	Seriously the best tacos in town and the kicker - they're only $2 apiece!!  Don't expect any fancy restaurant you'll only find a taco stand outside of the Mexican grocery store with no place to sit but you will find the most delicious tacos and a condiment bar where you can hook your taco up with anything you want.  Where else can you get a ribeye taco for $2??  I go every week - so worth it.  I've tried most of them but my favorites are the ribeye and the roasted pork....you can't go wrong with any of them though!
5	This place is a gem - one of the best little local joints within miles!Taco Stand:I don't think you can get a better taco in the city - authentic - pick your preferred meat (or potato & pepper veg option) and load it up with all the condiments that you could want - best part - $2 a taco - its hard to justify cooking when the food is that good and that cheap!Market:I love this little place - fresh produce, meat, and other items all in this little place. Need something quick, just run in and grab it. I have used it more than half a dozen times for quick needs or when I need authentic ingredients and don't want to hunt all over town for them. I will be back over and over again....
5	Everyone who knows me knows how much I love tacos. I've had a lot of tacos in a lot of different places, and these were pretty top notch. So many different types of meat! And a cart full of fresh cilantro, Pico De Gallo, and tomatoes! I didn't know what half the sauces consisted of, but what I put on was delicious. The red sauce (I think a tomatillo sauce?) was the spiciest thing I've ever put in my mouth. I was dying. It was awesome. I can't wait to go back and get more. The only thing I was really missing was some cheese! Where was the cheese?
5	Great food stand tacos! You can choose from a wide variety of salsas and other toppings. As travelers passing through, fantastic Pitt stop!
5	Absolutely the best tacos I have ever had. Very quick service and the people are very nice. A ton of options and very spicy. There was a bit of a language barrier, but you can pay for the tacos inside if you only have a card and outside in cash. I had the potato taco and I went back for a second that night. The tortillas are soft and handmade and the toppings are fresh. Seriously, go there. $2 a taco cannot be beat for this quality of product.
5	Lissen up folks!You're really not going to get much better than this Las Palmas location. The prices are extremely good, the taco stand is awesome, and they have a full deli. I am not aware of any other full service grocerias in Pittsburgh. The selection is quite complete - you can get anything from a selection of dried chilis to Salvadorian crema, and the produce is well priced as well!There's even a full cooler if you want to buy some agua con gas or Jarritos!When I need to find real ingredients (they also regularly carry fresh cactus paddles..) this is the true stop in da burgh.
5	It's a grocery store. NO! It's a taco stand. NO! It's a silly novelty pinata peddler. It's really all of these things. After reading lots of reviews, and with a hankerin' for some delicious authentic tacos, the decision was made. It was below zero around dinner time, which made me wonder where they move this "stand" when it's frigid outside. Surely, they move it inside. THEY DO NOT. These friendly dudes were still there, outside the store.  Under a pop-up tent, just like in the Yelp photos. They were happily grilling meats and authentic from-scratch(!) corn tortillas. These guys are hard-core, and they put this same determination into their offerings. One of the guys told us that they're out there "365 days of the week", which probably feels pretty accurate when it's that cold outside.For the anxious, here's the way it goes:1. Stop outside where they're grilling. They will gladly show you the choices of meats (I believe they also do just veggies...). When I went, they had chorizo sausage, steak, fajita mix, chicken, and a few others. Let them know how many tacos you'd like - they're $2 each. I got three, and it was plenty. They'll put them in a styrofoam container.2. Head inside the store. Just to the left, there's a salsa bar. Generally speaking, the milder toppings/sauces start on the left, and gradually get spicier toward the right. The guac is fantastic. The salsas are fresh and oh-so-good. The sauces don't disappoint, either. Don't be shy - load 'em up! I typically like my foods pretty spicy (ex: I frequently order my Thai food with a '10' on a '1-10' spicy scale), and the sauces all the way to the right don't disappoint. They're definitely on the hot side, but not overly-so.3. (Optional) Stroll around the store, pick out a drink along the left-most wall. There are lots of choices - I'm a fan of the Jarritos drinks. Mango is awesome, and goes well with the tacos. There are some gems in this store - like nearly an entire aisle of just hot sauces, and lots of fresh produce. (The peppers looked amazing!)4. Pay for your food at the front. Just let them know how many tacos you have. They're super friendly, but may not speak fluent English. Part of the charm and authenticity!5. We were welcomed to stand in the store and eat our food, but we opted to take it home instead. There are no seats or tables inside, though.I will definitely be back - for both tacos and Mexican ingredients for cooking.
5	5 stars for the Taco Stand & 5 stars for the market!The Taco Stand+ Top notch service and super fast.+ I love the toppings bar--it moves the line faster and it gives me the chance to just try out a new salsa by putting it on the side.+ The price.  $2 a taco is unbelievable.+ They are open in the winter.  I've been here on some brutally cold days and they are still open.  Love it.- There's nowhere to sit, and these are not tacos that you are easy to eat standing up.  I'd love it if they put on a couple folding chairs even.The Market+ Fabulous prices.  Ex: I found a pico de gallo that I enjoy for 60% less than the big chain grocery store.+ The fresh tortillas.- The corn tortillas only came in tiny sizes.  I was hoping to find something big enough for a proper quesodilla.+ Nice cashiers.
4	If you are looking for authentic tacos, this is the place to go! On top of the amazing tacos, these guys are more reliable than the post office. Even with the brutal temps this winter, these guys will be out there day and night.
5	Wow!  I'm a Californian snob when it comes to Mexican food.  It can't be some fancy place with sit down dining.  It's gotta be gritty and you need to feel like you're the only English speaker.  Then maybe the food will be good.These guys nailed it.  This place is home away from home.  We had tacos on a snowy day and will not eat any others in the area after this.  How we didn't discover this sooner I'll never know.  But will be making up for it for sure!Just a caution, if you like staying in your comfort zone and don't like flavor, stay a away from this amazing food experience.
4	Moved here recently and have been trying to find good Mexican food. While it's not your typical Mexican restaurant - they have several different types of meat for tacos. Tacos were $2 a piece and the salsa, pick, and guacamole are readily available in the store. Tacos were awesome - we'll definitely be hitting them up for dinner again on a regular basis.
4	Delicious street tacos. At $2.50 each with your choice of meat, plus a cart of toppings, it's a great deal. The line moves quick, and the food is delicious.I have no idea if it's authentic or not, but I'd like to think it is. Either way, it's a great spot for a quick bite and a welcomed change from a lot of other Mexican foods in the city.
5	This is one of my absolute favorite go-to places for tacos or just a quick snack in general. I seem to find myself there most Saturdays (it helps that there is a bakery right next door and a pita, etc. store two doors up!).  At $2 a taco you really can't go wrong!  And the do-it-yourself salsa topping bar is just really great.  You're always sure to get your taco topped just the way you want it.  It allows you to experiment with the different salsas as well.  The tacos are filled quite generously with your choice of meats or potato, etc.  I find that one taco is not quite enough but that two really fill me up.  I've never ventured inside the store but am always tempted.  Now that I actually feed the meter (one too many parking tickets!), I will definitely make it a point to go inside the store on my next trip.  The Jarritos drinks are sold outside during the summer and are the perfect beverage to wash down your tacos.This taco stand is really a must for everyone!  It's authentic Mexican food, not that crappy Taco Bell stuff.  Yummy!
5	Extremely generous servings of meat and super-tasty salsa bar made the detour from 396 en route from Virginia to Michigan completely worth it.  Lomo and carnitas tacos stole the show.  Fast, friendly service and the perfect setting at outdoor tables on a warm Saturday night was a food highlight of our trip.
5	Wow I'm from southern Arizona and I must say I'm picky about my tacos. This place would take on some of the best!  Very pleasant surprise if your in the area and love street tacos you must stop by!!
5	I love this place. It's cheap. It's delicious. These are the best tacos in the city of Pittsburgh and you buy them from a cart outside a grocery store, not in a fancy restaurant. I eat here at least once a month and never get tired of it.
5	I love Mexican food. If I could eat it all day every day, I probably would. Pittsburgh unfortunately does not have a huge Mexican food scene, but most of the places are very good.This place is simply delicious. I moved to the city from the country last summer, and this was one of the first places my boyfriend took me on a "date" to. He knows my love for Mexican and he knows all the hidden gems around the city. They only have tacos here, but they are done perfectly.I was a little weary about eating tacos from a cart on the street, but those fears were immediately subdued when I took my first bite. We took our tacos to my car and ate them off sitting off the truck on my car since it was a nice day out. Coke in glass bottles for drinks! The tacos were super delicious and unlike any other taco I have ever had. Really fresh and seasoned perfectly. The 2 tacos were really filling surprisingly! They have a bunch of fresh toppings for your tacos so you can customize however you want.I will be back to this spot for sure!
5	The best tacos in Pittsburgh. Having lived in San Antonio for a few years prior to moving here I wasn't prepared for the terrible taconditions here, there are very few even passible tacos in the burgh. But Las Palmas is the exception, they are hot, fresh, and with the condiment bar can be made as spicy as you'd like.  It's good street food and a great price.
5	I have been meaning to stop here ever since I learned that they opened the taco stand. I had shopped at their store several times and found several items I had been missing,  from my  years of living in California. I found the prices good and the owners cordial. Therefore, I was not surprised to find the tacos were as noted in most reviews ... simply wonderful. I chose one with pork and the other with steak and onion ... toppings were varied and delicious. My only regret is that I only bought two. The next time I will double my order. I sipped cold coconut juice from the store as the perfect accompaniment. I must confess that even though a couple of hours have passed, I have not yet brushed my teeth, I'm not ready to lose the faint aftertaste that is still teasing my palate. Go there! You will not be disappointed.
5	Delicious tacos and a great store filled with items you can't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh.
5	I stopped by here this past Tuesday afternoon for lunch with my father.  I had noticed this place the week before whenever we went by and became eager to try it whenever I noticed its high rating on yelp.  Since I didn't go into the store, the only real thing I can comment on is the taco stand outside.  There was a guy behind the stand cooking everything as well as a condiment bar next to it.  Whenever we walked up he was just finishing up grilling some tortillas.  He greeted us in Spanish before giving us a run down of the taco fillers in English.  I ended getting three, one each of steak, chorizo and chicken.  He quickly made the tacos stuffing them very full.  They consisted of two tortillas with the filling which reminded me of truly authentic tacos.  Whenever I asked about paying he informed that I could pay cash outside or credit inside.  Since I had cash I quickly payed him and moved over to the condiment bar.  They had a number of sauces as well as some onions and a few other veggies.  I ultimately ended up choosing what I think was an avocado based sauce.  Once we were done with the condiments my father and I walked down the boulevard to find a public bench to eat our tacos on.  After sitting down I quickly dug in.  All three of them were delicious!  My favorite of the bunch ended up being the steak, followed by the chicken and lastly the chorizo.  The chorizo was the lone disappointment of the meal as I feel it lacked any spice at all but it was still pretty tasty.The bottom line for me is that I will absolutely head back here again in the future.  The tacos were all really good and I think that they were a great value at $2.50 each.
5	I grew up In Los Angeles and spent the better part of 25 years enjoying authentic Mexican food. The tacos at Las Palmas are the real deal! The salsas are excellent. They also have onions, cilantro, guacamole, lime and roasted jalapenos. They don't advertise it, but they have cuts of ribeye hidden under the steak! It's hard to believe you can get a delicious ribeye taco for $2.50!  The store is great too! They have a meat deli with marinated fajita mix, fresh chorizo, skirt steak, ribeye and pork. The prices are very reasonable. If you are a fan of Mexican food and authentic street tacos, you have to try Las Palmas.
5	I am sooo happy to see that this place exists in Pittsburgh.  No offense to my hometown but I am a Pittsburgher living in the San Francisco Bay Area for the past 20+ years.  In California we LOVE our Mexican food.  The more authentic the better!  Unfortunately I still speak to family members back in Pittsburgh who have never hears of a soft taco and who still believe that the big U-shaped Frito that comes stacked in an Old El Paso box is the real deal.  This Pittsburgh is the real deal.  Delicious, fresh and authentic!  I don't hold it against them that they haven't yet tried to expose Pittsburgh to the wonders of tripa and buche.  What they do serve is awesome!  I'll be back when I'm back to visit.
5	Cheap. Delicious. Authentic.Not much more you could ask for. Seriously, go here. You'll be super lucky if they happen to be serving the beef tongue.
5	This place is delicious. You pick your choice of meat (chicken, steak, ground beef, pork and others) they place it in a corn tortilla for you and the rest is up to you. They have many choices at the salsa bar. You can go mild or very hot. All tacos are $2.50 each. They take cash or you can go inside the store and pay with a credit card.
5	I've been here two times in the past month. The first time I had chicken tacos--seriously, amazing. It's just a stand outside where they cook everything and then there is an area with toppings off to the side--so many delicious salsas, some very spicy, some not so much, their pico de gallo is phenomenal as well as their avocado sauce. Most recently when I went I got 2 steak tacos. It's grilled steak, unsure of whether it was marinated or not, with onions in it and it was seriously great. They had a few other meat options besides just chicken and steak.. They have a ground beef, another steak option I believe, some type of spicy sausage (maybe?) can't be 100% sure because I haven't had anything else yet, but I can not wait to try more! There is also a store, the taco stand is just out front. Inside the store they have some pretty neat items as well, although I didn't get to look around as much as I wanted to. Either way, it's definitely a place to check out!
5	Absolute best tacos I have ever had. My husband and I go about twice a week. Fresh toppings bar with any kind of salsa you could ask for, guacamole, fresh limes, cilantro. The pico de gallo is to die for. At $2.50 per taco, it's cheaper than cooking at home!
5	Fast.  Fresh.  Authentic. What more could you want? This is quickly becoming a regular stop for an evening meal.
5	This is a little bit of a hike from my apartment, but these tacos are worth the drive. Huge portions. Great prices!
2	After all the great reviews, we were sadly disappointed by this place.Growing up in SoCal, it's always hard for my husband and me to find good, authentic Mexican food. This place seemed legit, being a made-to-order stand outside the grocery store. You pick your meat, they warm it up on the flat top and serve it up on corn tortillas, then you add your own toppings.We went for dinner. First, there's no menu, but you can sorta figure out what is what. Second, everything at the topping station is unlabeled. Third, there's little street lighting. Is this hot salsa? Guacamole? I'm not sure.Like everyone says, the tacos are each $2.50. We tried the carnitas and chicken tacos. They were okay. A little dry but good flavor. However, the carnitas taco was FULL of gristle. Like, HUGE pieces of cartilage in my taco.I'll be going somewhere else, and I suggest you do the same.
5	Sooo delicious. After visiting Carnegie Mellon and exploring Pittsburgh, we were starving for tacos so Yelp came to the rescue with this place. We had an assortment of almost all the different meats and all were fantastic. What makes it even better is being able to fix your tacos however you want from their salsa bar. I think I'd like my daughter to go to CMU so we can go visit her and get tacos :)
4	Las Palmas is our go-to easy and cheap taco dinner. Seriously, it is about the same price as making our own. Las Palmas always seems to be open; I've been there late at night and even in the pouring rain. (They have a tent).
3	Okay tacos and good sauces fair prices nothing to write home about. I don't understand how this can justify five stars. Nothing stands out as that unique or of such quality.
5	Fresh as you can get this side of the border. Topped with a bunch of fresh salsas and other spices
4	Tacos all day, errday. Tacos from breakfast, tacos for lunch, tacos for dinner, tacos for midnight snack.I could eat every single one of their tacos (and I have) and I can because it's only 2.50 a taco.  I've only set foot in their grocery store to pay for my tacos.
5	They do have vegetarian tacos, their potato taco is delicious!! And they also have vegetarian tamales, only on weekends! A must !!!
5	This is my go to spot for affordable yet delicious food. I go atleast once a week. My favorite is the pork and ribeye tacos, but everything is tasty from the chorizo, beef tongue, to the vegetarian friendly potato! Mexican or otherwise, this place is one of my very favorites.
5	OmiGOD their tacos are freaking insane.  They're better than those I'd had when I was in California, seriously.  Great.  Tacos.  Also they have pretty cheap produce inside and it's not bad!  I generally wait to get my onions so that I can pick them up here.  Potatoes are cheap too.  lololol one time I went there for graham crackers and I was trying to explain to the lovely and friendly cashier who does NOT speak English what I wanted.  She called another guy over and I tried to explain to him what I was looking for.  Then he told me that if I made "sweet chicken" it wouldn't taste good.  LOL.  I found cinnamon cookies and ran out of there, slightly embarrassed, slightly amused.
3	While nearby and looking for a quick meal, I stopped by the outdoor taco stand to pick up a few tacos to go. Despite the chilly weather, there was a line for the tacos. As I waited, I watched the tacos being made. The meats are precooked and kept warm. When you order, the corn soft shells are heated and the meat of your choice is added. When I asked the options, I struggled to understand what was communicated to me so I simply asked for 2 pork, 2 ground beef and 2 chicken. However, there were about 6 options including what I believed to be steak and a fajita mix. I then went inside to the toppings bar and added what I believed to be Pico de Gallo and a creamy guacamole, unfortunately nothing was labeled. I tried to ask a few questions to the cashier but she had some difficulty understanding me. Seems they could really benefit from a few posted signs with the meat options, prices and toppings. I took the tacos to go and shared them with my family. Overall, I felt the taste was authentic though the meat was a bit fatty for me. I also felt it lacked some overall flavor. For $2.50 a taco, it was a great deal but I would not go out of my way to return.
5	My life would be incomplete without this place. My husband and i go weekly in the summer for tacos. The grocery store is great for specialty items for a decent price that you would otherwise pay much more for in a larger grocery store.
4	This place is seriously great.  It's a little stand next to the grocery store.  I learned about it from my roommate who is from Mexico.  She said it was the real deal, so I had to check it out.  Delicious tacos for two bucks!  The beef are my favorite.  They also have a wide assortment of sauces that are all a little too spicy for me.  I get mine plain, but they are just phenomenal.
4	One of the best tacos I have tasted. I'm Latina and I have ate a lot of tacos in my life but these ones for some reason remind me of home lol. For some reason the ones in Brookline taste better than the ones in beechview or Oakland. I also love that you are able to go to the store and buy Mexican sodas and drink them while eating your tacos. A true 3rd world country experience in the burgh!
