4	So far so good! Service Has been awesome, Beer has been great! The carne asada quesadilla was yummy! The margarita pizza was excellent and the buffalo chicken slider was tasty. I was not impressed with the black angus and pulled pork sliders. The pulled pork turned out to be carne asada and not pork at all, and the angus was only a burger patty. Didn't come with toppings it sauces. Otherwise excellent!
2	Have been to the Garage twice now and they are batting 1 for 2.   Went there on a Saturday for lunch and the food and service was excellent.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with sweet potatoe fries which was original for pulled pork served on a pizza crust bun.  My girlfriend had the buffalo chicken salad which was really good, grilled chicken in buffalo sauce on top of baby greens.  Excellent beer selection.Went there on a Friday for happy hour and got there a little before 6, there was a 30 min wait for a indoor table or immediate seating on the patio, so we decided to sit on the patio.  Hostess sat us and said a server will be by shortly, normal procedure.  About 10 minutes later no server had come by and the hostess returned and asked us if we ave been helped yet, we said no so the hostess said she will get someone.  Another 10 minutes and no server.  It wasn't busy on the patio about 5 tables occupied, all with food and drink.  We decided that they must not want our business, so we went next door to Sushi Eye.Will try again, just won't sit on the patio.
4	Good food and good service, place has a lot of potential. Only been twice and just happened to be the same bartender both times, she remembered what I ordered previously to the "T" (food and drink).Pretty good selection with your typical bar foods (burgers, wings...) plus a lil extra with pizzas and Mexican. They take the typical though and change it up with different types of "buns", combinations and for the burgers even patties.Both times I ordered the Truck Stop Burger but and subbed for their chicken patty (awesome), added grilled onions and guac. It was good stuff!Would encourage the mixing and matching of they're burger combinations.
5	Hands down the new place for me!!! My wife and I Yelped places to eat in our neighborhood and this place popped up. It looked super cool and right up my alley. It is! Super cool environment and great food!!! The place was hammered busy and still the service was excellent. We had a great time and the staff was super friendly. I had the Truck Stop Burger and Queso Dip and they both were awesome! I can't wait for this weekend to go back! PS: I one of the owners also owns One Stop Nutrition on 48th and Chandler. I didn't even realize it until one of the servers told me. That place is great too. Check out my review on One Stop.
4	Outdoor bar. HUGE selling point. Luckily, the food is great and the staff is friendly. They are new, so hopefully people will be more understanding of that...I notice a lot of complaints about the service. I personally did not have a problem, but we sat at the bar.
3	I have seen restaurants come and go from this location. I saw that another new one was going to open I had to check it out. Upon entering the staff was really friendly it was really clean and I looked the menu over and picked the Blackened Catfish Po' Boy* with Sweet potato fries. Service was great the meal on the other hand was ok the coleslaw made the fish cold no one likes a cold fish sandwich. I did see they have Lumberyard Red on tap so I will be back for happy hour.
3	This place is not affiliated with The Garage on Bethany Home and 16th St, and the vibe is different (basically remove all the hipsters and replace with equivalent number of jocks).  Last visit was for drinks at 11 pm on a Thursday night.  Sizable crowd for that time of night, and friendly bartenders.  Not much of a menu (for food or for drinks), but a good place to hang out and lots of space for larger groups.  Definitely a good option for south tempe/tukee.
2	Driving by stopped in for a quick lunch.First mistake service very slow,Drink order slow.When drinks arrived soda was flat.Ordereded Chicken Pot Pie Calzone which sounded promising w side salad.Calzone eventually arrived and was hot ; ) First bite very good but definitely salty over all Mixed.salad was uneventful and seemed like it was just dumped out of a bag w cut cucumber and red onion and cheese tossed on top.Wasn't big fan of the garage decor but to each his own?I had a lot of down time to check out the setup and just wasn't impressed.I would probably give it a shot at happy hour at the bar if I return.
4	My boyfriend and I are super stoked this place opened. We love the casual vibe and great bar seating (two in fact). They have a nice patio with tons of misters and they work without melting you. The service of this place is really the best. I super surprised how great all the staff is. Very attentive and they remember you. Their beer selection is pretty nice. Good draft menu and nice bottle selection. Their standard price for a beer is $5, but on happy hour and Mondays and Fridays your first beer is $5 minus the price of gas! So right now only $1.31! And then only $3 after. Pretty dang good deal. What I love is they don't just have the standard or maybe one decent one. I was happy to see beers I have never tried before. I would give all five stars, but need to try more of the food and brunch. The bartender told us the concentrated on the menu, which everything I had so far has been pretty good. The sliders and fries are pretty dang good. I also had their catfish, good and margarita pizza, decent. Still trying, but since we found out about it, we have been there five plus times in two or three weeks. I am excited about this place!
5	My new favorite Happy Hour spot! I've only been here for hh and brunch - both of which were excellent. I have been here for happy hour at least 5 times now (and brunch just once on Kentucky Derby day). The service is always great (ok, a somewhat slow waitress or two, but the drinks generally come fast so you have something to widdle the time away). The food is delicious and the price is right! I recommend the gaucamole, the sliders (esp the chicken) and the wings, I asked for mine extra hot & they delivered! Oh and they have a very good beer selection - lots of local brews.
5	I've been to this place a couple times. I've always sat at the bar to get food. The bartenders have been extremely friendly each time and the service has been great.The has come out very quickly each time. The burgers are amazing and there other things that I have had are all unique with tons of flavor. It's reasonably priced and the crowd seems very relaxed. Each time we've gone, we've ended up talking to other people at the bar and they have always been very friendly. Usually when that happens, you get stuck in a conversation with so weirdo, but that wasn't the case at all.You can tell the staff has fun at work, which makes for a fun atmosphere. They're quick to make suggestions, or tell you when you've made a good choice.This place is a little bit out of my way, but I will definitely be going back to visit many times in the future.
3	First time coming here, I was hoping for more of a bar type of place. The Garage feels more like a restaurant with a bar.Still, it's hard to beat the happy hour that goes till 7. And just to clarify, there is a sign in the bar that states "First beer is $5.00 minus the price of gas" so that roughly would've been $1.26 last night. However, what the sign does not say is that this special is only good on Monday and Tuesday.All other nights, the happy hour price of a pint is $3, which is pretty damn good, and the draft beer selection is good too. Had a couple Hop Knot's from Four Peaks.As for food, we got three appetizers: guacamole and chips, slider trio and buffalo wings. I gotta say I was unimpressed with just about all of it. Being just edible isn't what I was hoping for.But, this place is just down the road from us and I'd like to give it another try.Service was spot on. Our server was really nice and attentive, despite being quite busy. I appreciate that.
5	Excellent food, sweet potato fries are awesome, my husband loves the fried egg hamburger!Great guys that own this place, service is outstanding, great casual drink out night spot for those of us too "old and annoyed" by the Sandbar across the freeway!
2	I was really excited to hear about this place opening, the place is bright and huge, I liked what they were going for but in my book they totally missed the mark.  The patio is really inviting but it had a bunch of smokers so we stayed inside.Do they want to be a bar or a restaurant or what? The food stunk, all I could smell was grease when I came in needless to say we did not order any food.The beer selection was not-so-great, completely unimpressed.  I have to admire that they want to support locals but come on, no Guinness?  Not even in a can or bottle.  Sorry ~ I'm a beer snob!The best thing about this place was the staff, they were all super nice and friendly. I have to give them that. They get an A+Bottom line, I'd go next door to Sushi Eye before I try them again.
3	Returned Sunday afternoon and was  pleasantly suprised. Happy Hour is 7 days a week 3-7 pm   ; )    I recieved great service at the bar which was friendly fast and efficient(Janessa) .I ordered couple of drafts and wings with good happy hour pricing! I will be back!
1	This was the 2nd time we went here.  1st time the food was very good...today it was the worst meal we have ever eaten...We ordered the "lunch 6 for 6 special", fish and chips.  It was terrible !!! The fish was mush and the sweet potato fries tasted just like the same greasy, mushy mess as the fish...we will NEVER be back !!!
3	I came for happy hour and I really like the atmosphere.  The bar area is clean and roomy.  Music was at a good volume to still promote conversation.  Booths were comfortable.  Plus I like bars that have seating all the way around, as opposed to stuck against a wall.  The reason for only 3 stars is the food.  We ordered sliders, stuffed jalapenos, and fried zucchini.  The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't that great either.  The sliders were a little dry and the jalapenos tasted only like creamed cheese.  Either way, I'll be back for drinks.  Maybe I'll try other dishes and update this post.
2	Bad bar food with a so-so atmosphere...  Decent happy hour prices for booze.
4	The Garage has a really great happy hour.  The apps are cheap and the pints and cheap.  They have a really good selection of beer, easy to please everyone, and the food is a good after work snack or light dinner.  My husband and I will be back for happy hour.
5	This is hands down my favorite bar in the East Valley.  It has a hip atmosphere, but isn't pretentious.  Whether you're sitting at the inside bar, the outside bar, or at a table, you're sure to have a great experience. The place is always clean, the staff is always friendly, the service is always fast, and the food is always delicious.  Mixed drinks are strong, and tap beer is served at the right temperature. Although I haven't ordered wine there, the list is long enough that there's something for every taste.The burgers are unique and delicious and the cooks actually cook them to the done-ness you request.  Love, Love, Love their sweet potato fries!  The chicken pot pie calzone is comfort food to the next level.  Margarita pizza-well, it's hands down the best I've ever had.  It's obviously made fresh, and has the perfect amount of garlic.Staff is conversational, and usually other guests are too.  It's been great for date night, great for happy hour with the girls, great for lunch with friends, great for dinner...  Though, I must admit happy hour with the girls was the best because we appreciate the looks of the hottie bartender!  Don't worry gents, they hire far more cute girls than beefy guys. :) On the happy hour note, the prices are great... $3 Drafts, $5 Wines, Discounted appetizers...  Good for the budget and good for the spirit and good for the belly! I highly recommend the Public House Garage!
4	We go here about once a week for happy hour.  The staff is very friendly and efficient.  They take the time to get to know the customers and know when to look for a refill.  Good, not great, selection of tap beers - all good and interesting but not extensive. The bar food is excellent - predominately gastro-pub.  The slider trio is great and the margherita pizza is one of the best in town.  We also enjoy the carne asado & queso dip.
1	We were very excited when they started to renovate this bar. Sadly it was all for nothing. This place has horrifc food. I tried to speak to a "manager" but all feel on deaf ears. The service was poor and the food, well, it shouldn't be called food. I tried to follow up on their Facebook page only to find my post deleted instead of addressed. I would advise staying clear of this place. :(
3	There were some goods things about Public House Garage and some okay to average aspects.I The okay to average-Carne Asada Tacos, Not much steak and way too much shredded cabbage.-Burger-Although noting wrong with the burger (i took a few bites), there wasn't anything impressive either. My wife called the burger an "independent" Chili's burger.The very goodThe service was very good. Our server was attentive, friendly, brought out our drinks/refills in a timely fashion as well as the check. The only blemish was my wife asked for ranch as a side and bleu cheese was given instead. This worked out, see below.The chips are guac were fantastic. The appetizer could likely serve 4 and easily worth the regular price, let alone the happy hour deal of $5.The sweet potato fries. Some of the best sweet potato fries I've had. Tasted real good with bleu cheese dressing. I had no idea of the mix up and was pleasantly surprised.I can see why this place has some allure. Lots of TV's, big bar area, patio and looks nice inside.  From what I could tell, there are pieces to make this a great place, but some work could be used on the food.Not a ton of parking with Sushi Eye next door. You may have to park closer to Bashas (like I did) and take a short walk.
2	The history behind Public House is a very interesting one, so I was curious to try it out.  The owner's great grandfather opened the first "Garage", which was a front for his moonshine.  Soon "garages" were popping up all over the places, for people in the "know" who wanted to drink and socialize during the Prohibition.  Today, the owner wants to carry on this tradition in the "Garage" being the place for people to eat, drink, and socialize.I think it is a good place to watch the game, and have some local brews.  During Happy Hour the price of a brew is $3.  The bar fare is just that.  Bar Fare.  Ideal for happy hour, watching Football, snacking on some wings and nachos.  I do not recommend bringing a date here for a Saturday night dinner.I came here for a Sunday Brunch.  I was not impressed with the food or the service.  Although our server was friendly, she was often leaving the table too quickly and then not returning for a while - so that I had to get up and find her.  Despite the place being less than half empty, it took a very long time to get our orders, although they were breakfast sandwiches and eggs.  The orders also came out wrong, the potatoes were nearly raw, and even the english muffin was barely toasted and had the taste of something that has been in a refrigeration unit too long.  However, the Mimosas ($2) and Bloody Marys ($4) are a terrific value for a Sunday, but unfortunately not enough incentive to come back.I tend to be the kind of person that looks at the positives in any establishment, but I just have to be honest and say that it was all a bit underwhelming.
4	We got a Groupon NOW! and checked this place out on Sunday.The atmosphere is modern, with lots of T.V.'s, large booths and a huge patio.My burger was cooked perfectly, had lot's of flavor. The shoe string fries were crispy, but the sweet potato fries were average, not salted and not very crispy. The water tasted so good, I didn't need a lemon! ( note to other resturants, water matters )I noticed a coupla other reviews that ranked the food as average.  Maybe off days? I'm pretty picky eating out and am not afraid to say it.The red wine list actually has more then just a Cab and Merlot!  The list was a good size and prices were standard.Service was really good, this place was clean and very friendly.I want to go back and check out the salads, and the Happy Hour looks great!
5	Love the patio and dj, great service, and great happy hour!! Best margarita pizza ever :)
4	We found this place on looterang and decided to give it a try. We were surprised by the size of the place. There's an inside bar and an outside bar. There are tons of tvs inside and two outside at the outside bar. The outside bar was perfect for the beautiful weather. The bar tender(Doug) was very helpful, went over his favorites/recommendations and the selection of beers. Beer prices were good - not over priced like a lot of places with a good selection draft beers.  I had the carne tacos and thought they were great. The meat was not dry like most places carne tacos and the cabbage was just right. We also had buffalo sliders which were pretty good for bar food. The only thing I was not interested in was the Spanish rice that came with the tacos. They tasted fine but the texture was that of instant/ microwaved rice-ick.  Besides that I could day drink here any day... if I didn't have to work.
2	The trio appetizer inspired mixed emotions; the guacamole and salsa were quite tasty, but the chips were cold and stale. The queso, forming the trio, was neither good or bad, it just was. The atmosphere was spacious and open, but the games on the large screens were so loud, my friends and I had difficulty hearing each other. Our server was adorable... when she was around. By this, I mean, we often wondered where she was, and it's a good thing our entrees were good, because I might still be waiting to let her know if I needed anything, as she did not check on us. We had to locate the hostess to ask for our check. They did not appear to be busy, but I wonder if the staffing was short that day.
3	Where do I even start?  Sat at the bar for five minutes before someone came up to help us, and this was during happy hour on a Friday afternoon.  Good draft and bottle selection with nice happy hour deals on well drinks, but stay away from the food.  I think the only thing I'd get there is the wings.  I ordered a BLTA (BLT with avacado) and the BLT came out with bacon soaked in grease and the sourdough bread coated in butter to the point where it seemed like I was just eating a deep fried piece of bread with some bits of meat and avacado in it. They did have shoestring fries though, which is the one positive thing that came out of it.  The Garage does one thing well which is chips/wings and copious amounts of beer.  If you stay that route, I think you'll be happy.
4	They've been there just over a year or so, and they've steadily improved since day one. First year's are tough in the biz, but they made it and I like how they operate. Good staff, good food, great drafts and cold glasses, cool look and huge patio bar. Good job!
4	Excellent Moscow Mule. Good beer selection on tap. The fish and chips are hot and fresh. Any of the burgers are very good. The zucchini appetizers are quite good, served searing hot from the kitchen. Great bartenders, friendly atmosphere.
3	No shortage of big screens to watch MNF on, but unless you are seated at the bar, the TV's seem way far away for decent viewing....but nice enough service, attractive decor, reasonable prices and ok food
4	Good food and decent beer selection. First time I went I had the grown up grilled cheese, it was wonderful! The mix of cheeses, bacon and a thin slice of green apple made it a well blended delight. The 2nd time I had the Carney asada tacos,  they where good also just a little too hot for my taste. They have a few local beers available but for me I would prefer a little larger selection.  Over all good place to hang out. Also their patio is fantastic and the service was spectacular!
4	Happy hour until 8:00 on Fridays! Did that get your attention?  Yep, I said it and it's true!  As if that wasn't enough, add in great local brews, a decent selection of wine, delicious bar food, a friendly staff, and great music videos (along with sports) and 'The Garage' (as it's know in our circle) has a permanent spot in our regular rotation.This building has been a few different establishments over the past several years and I'm so happy that Public House Garage has landed there and done a great job!  They even added a patio (brilliant!) to open up the space and allow us to enjoy the wonderful AZ weather most of the year.  Lots of TVs to watch the game or enjoy the music videos, tables, booths, a huge bar, friendly staff, the list goes on and on! My love for this place started long ago on my first visit.  It was then that I learned that I can get Four Peaks Oatmeal Stout (for $3 on happy hour!) without having to drive to Four Peaks and I've been coming back (A LOT) ever since!  My favorite beer within blocks of my house?  This could be dangerously wonderful!The happy hour menu has a lot of great snacks, I recommend the sliders and the fried zucchini.  The margharita pizza is pretty good too!  If I'm trying to be healthy, I'll get the 'hot and buff chicken salad' for some grilled chicken with wing sauce on a salad.  Just like a chicken wing on a salad and it is delicious!  If I were to make one suggestion, it would be to add just a few more lighter/healthier options. Happy hour also includes $3 drafts and $5 glasses of wine . . . ALL WINES!  Wahoo!  And when we're feeling like having some mixed cocktails, they have a long list of those as well.  Great stuff!  We have racked up quite a bill trying all of the different drinks, but it was great fun!  My favorite so far, the Meadow Mule, try it!  If you are really nice and ask politely, they might even make you some extra blue cheese olives for your dirty martini. YUM!I have been to The Garage so many times, and even walked home on several occasions.  Lunch, happy hour, dinner, late night, or even Sunday brunch, the answer is always The Garage!  See you there!
4	On a recent business trip my coworkers and I decided to give Public House Garage a try.  We were not disappointed. We were quickly greeted and seated upon arrival.  We started our journey with the pretzel fondue and panko zucchini.  The pretzel fondue was very delicious.  It consists of small soft pretzel bites with mustard and queso sauce for dipping.  While did not try the panko zucchini, others in our party said it was very delicious.  They have some pretty good beers on tap.  However, our server wasn't very knowledgeable about their beers.  I landed on the Four Peaks Raj.  It was very tasty.  For my entree, I had the truck stop burger.  It was awesome.  The burger is a 1/2 pound patty with cheddar, Swiss and American cheeses topped with bacon, a fried egg and Tabasco aioli.  It is basically a heart attack on a bun but man is it worth the risk.The others in my party decided on the fish n' chips (very adventurous I know).  They were all very happy with their selection.So why only 4 stars?  I feel the wait staff could have been more knowledgeable and more attentive.  They seemed to be running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  The food was excellent so I will definitely give them another try when back in town.
2	Last night was my first time to the garage.  The food was decent.  The service was just horrendous.  On a Saturday night the place was completely understaffed, our waitress  even forgot part of our order.  The music was very loud inside, the atmosphere was just plain disappointing.
1	I've been here occasionally since I've lived in the area, and twice now they have charged my debit card almost double the amount that I've spent there, when I talked to the manager he told me that "it was a problem with the payment processor." I don't know how that happens, I've used my debit card at tons of other places and never been charged twice, but this is the second time that this place has shorted me 60 dollars by charging me twice for my tab. I definitely won't be going back. Cactus Jacks is more reasonably priced and doesn't royally screw up my checking account when I go there.
4	Took my 17 year old here with me.  Excellent service and food.   The horseradish on my prime rib sandwich was quite hot.  Would opt next time to order on the side vs. on the sandwich.Been there twice......will go again.
3	Two visits here give me some good perspective. It seems every bar these days has enough normal and craft beer for everybody, so it just comes down to food if your going to a bar to eat and drink. On an earlier happy hour visit, had a great $6 margarita pizza. This was 10" and 8 slices, so plenty for two people. Really quality pie and fresh ingredients, including the basil on the pie. Last night returned due to craving for Cheese Curds. They always have a coupon in AZ weekly for Buy an entree and get a free appetizer, so that is what I used for those Curds, which were very lightly fried and not as chewy as I recall from my last Curd eaten about 6 years ago. Something went very wrong with the blue cheese situation though. The dressing tasted like nothing and was watery and basically useless.           The blue cheese coleslaw suffered the same fate later as my side dish. It needed to be returned cause the whole thing tasted like old shredded clothing. Pasta salad replacement was not much better as it was way too spicy and who has ever had a spicy pasta salad. The Pub Burger was pretty solid for $9, but even though the bun is fancy and nice and is a signature thing here, it just overwhelms the burger to the point that some bites feel like just bread. The nasty romaine lettuce is not needed either. Good quality meat though, but just a regular, decent burger. Kitchen should also include their little ketchup cups to people who don't order fries as well since there are no bottles of ketchup available.
4	Ended up here twice in one week. The first event was happy hour with a large group of women. The sunset was beautiful from the patio. Great HH food menu and couldn't believe the higher end wines at HH prices. I ordered the hot and buff salad - AMAZING at only $9.00. All 13 women were pleased with the meal they ordered - no small feat!The wait staff worked hard to get everything right and were very pleasant, as well.We noticed that, as the sun went down, the patio got VERY dark - there was really no extra lighting out there. Also, when you are seated close to the open door leading to the inside, the blowing fan was so loud it was very annoying. Luckily, if you just move away from the door it quiets down quickly (but unfortunately it gets darker).Went back Saturday night with hubby. Went out to patio. Once again, very dark. Pretty empty, people smoking, really no ambiance, although it was such a beautiful night. Also, competing music with stereo system and live music at neighboring sushi bar.Waitress was VERY friendly! Food was EXCELLENT! We ordered a pizza that was so good and the side salads were huge. Again - nice wine selection for a pub atmosphere.So - if you want good food and friendly service, this is the place. If you are looking for nightlife or ambiance, PHG needs to work a little harder.this could be a seriously fun, popular venue for all age groups. It is huge, great indoor/outdoor spaces, and nice location for South Tempe, Ahwatukee people. Maybe It just needs some live music, more lighting and ambiance outside, etc. We would love to see this place succeed.
5	Awesome awesome happy hour and its long from 3-7. great selection of drinks and a great vibe. food was really good too. had the zucchini poppers and they were average, but the queso and carne were great. so was the blt. we will def be returning!
4	Love this place. We went the first well they opened and they have been good ever since. tasty food and goods happy hr. Love their wings. And the outreach ale is by far my fave. The fried twinkie was also delish. The staff can be got or miss but that is to be expected in a bar.
4	This is a great happy hour spot.  Big patio, well priced drinks and the pizza was really good.
4	So this has become my husband's and my favorite reverse happy hour spot in the area. The prices for the food and drinks are great and it's decent bar food (and definitely one of the best reverse happy hour menu/food that we've had). They have some good beer on tap as well. There's usually the same two bartenders that work there and neither of them are bad, but one (Dusty) is definitely a lot more attentive to the customers and seems a little nicer as well. we always try to sit on his side of the bar. The ambiance is surprisingly really nice and there's a patio area & pool table area as well. There's also a bunch of TVs so we usually catch up on games while we're there. When we first started going there they would always play house music (which I like) but these past few times they've been playing different genres which has been awesome as well. We'll be back in a few days, I'm sure.
4	Not in my neck of the woods, I relied on  a family member to help me find a place for lunch. Thanks cuz....Good thing he knows what I like. This place was right up my alley. I arrived first and was waiting for the rest of the group to arrive. While I was waiting and listening to the rather loud grunge music being played, I figured I would order an appetizer. I opted for the hellfire chips, which confounds me why they did not call them buffalo chips. Allow me to explain:  take your standard buffalo chicken wings, complete with bleu cheese dressing and substitute thick, housemade potato chips for the chicken wings. Sprinkle some green onions and MORE bleu cheese crumbles on top and you have buffalo chips. I don't heap this kind of praise often - it's the best appetizer I have had in a restaurant in a long time.Oh yeah, I ordered a HopKnot (OK I had two), from your friendly local brewery, which during happy hour, will only make three bucks fly from your wallet.The rest of the group arrives (the grunge music fades into the background once you have someone to talk to) and a selection of sandwiches, burgers, salads and sides were ordered. The food was good, but those buffalo chips had already stolen the show and that was hard to live up to.I only regret that I don't live closer because their happy hour looks really good and I am a sucker for a really good happy hour. I may just have to make a trip up I-10 to visit during happy hour. Hey cuz... got room for me to crash at your place?
3	i have now been here twice the first time was w/friends the young lady at the door didnt show alot of interst that we were there i cant remember but i think she showed us to a table and gave us 3 menus for 5 people as we sat there sharing our menus my friend asked what the 6 for 6 was turns out the young girl at the door never gave us that menu at all which was 6 ilunch items gor 6$ per so our wait person said let me get you that menu so she brought 1 now were all trying to share that menu then my other friend said can we get some more of those menus????? finnally we all had menus ...that was rough  we ended up ordering fish and chips, sliders, ad another item or 2 and are wait person turned out to be a very friendly outgoing delight. today i took the wife when we walked in the bartender says just sit where u like so this time i grabed our menus and silverware and took it to the table after telling my wife how great the fish and chips were last time this time they seemed over battered and over cooked and it took a good 30 minutes to get our lunch and when we wallked in there were maybe 6 other clients in the restaurant once again our server was a delight and easy on the eyes ( WOW)  the bill was wrong so she corrected it NOW THEY DO HAVE GOOD BEER ON TAP and it is a nice spot they just seem to opporate a little confused
3	Decent place the staff attitude could be better but decent atmosphere, I live literraly around the corner I'd go again
4	Went to the public house for lunch today.  I ordered the Pescado Taco's.They were AWESOME!! The Pico was fresh and tasty, and the Queso had a nice bite!.I will be back!
5	Love this place!  Been there many times for Happy Hour's and for lunch.  The staff is great and have been nothing but super nice to me when ever I have made a stop there. If you want some good food and a great place to chill this place is it!
4	If they had a better (craft) beer selection, this place would be exceptional.
2	The only positive thing I can say about this place is it has great happy hour pricing. I have only sat in the bar but both times I have come in the bartender was extremely rude lol. The first time i was just minding my own business and she asked me to leave. Maybe it was a misunderstanding. I did enjoy my lemon chicken pizza but the buffalo chicken sliders had a soapy aftertaste. I won't be coming back
2	I've been here twice for happy hour. The drinks are fine price-wise, and the food is ok - too greasy in some cases. I would come here again if the service were better. The first time we got a waitress with an attitude, and the second time the waitress apparently had better things to do than her job.
4	The happy hour is a pretty good deal. The selection of beer on draft is slim, very slim.  The service has always been good for me. The food is hit or miss, usually only try the happy hour menu, I can't really recommend anything. They always have games and music videos playing which I really dig. Overall I really like coming here for happy hour.
5	Loved, loved, loved this place!!! We were just visiting but if we are ever in Phoenix again we will for sure stop by this great place!
2	Drinks are great! Food not so much....
2	Once we came in a nice greeter was the friendly face one expects to see. But this place is a bit strange, because it is quite loud in here like in a sports bar during game night.. but then again people are here with their kids, so they must treat this place like a restaurant where they let their children run amok. This is a dislike; If I go out for drinking, the last thing I want is to have to deal with other peoples unattended children.Our server was nice enough, a little hovering for my taste - but since we were a fairly large party it must be hard to remember who she have asked for refills and what not. I had some OK brown beer, and the house tacos. The house tacos was a mistake. They are of decent size with doubled up corn tortillas. Fair amount of chicken, but everything else in them was super dry. Like extremely dry and they come with no sauce, no salsa, nothing that could counter this culinary crime of a dish. It also comes with tortilla chips and a strange icky cheese sauce that defies laws of nature in its way to stay warm forever. Gastropub my hiney, I expect more of a Gastropub than poorly composed dishes. But the atmosphere, if I categorize this to some kind of sports bar, was OK. If you just need to go for a few drinks with a pal, and can ignore the kids it wasn't that bad.. but that isn't me claiming its good either. There must be better places in Chandler, and I will find it.
4	I really enjoyed my time here, I really liked the patio area. It was very clean and the food was really good. Fries are soo good!! I used to come here back in the day when this place was still Madi G's and I have to say that I like this place better. Will be coming back!
2	My buddy and I have been there a few times. It's a good location. That's about it. The happy hour food is subpar. Drink prices are alright. It's usually pretty open so that's why we go there. Then again with the poor food and lackluster service that could be why.
4	Great Sports bar. A lot of TV's, games, pool tables and plenty of room. Good beer selection. I have not ordered food from here yet, but I would. Very clean sports bar.
2	Place is just okay. Went here a couple times. Beer on tap was very good. Food and service was so-so. My main issue would be I got this hostess number there and she didn't show for the date. Who hires people like that? Pros-Good beer-Nice atmosphere-Plenty of TV's Cons-flaky staff
1	Worst bar ever! Full of old middle aged people the staff is rude and uptight ! It's always empty on the weekends which says aloe about this place. I have given this place a few chances never pleased . I rather go to zipps
1	I went there even after reading the reviews. My lady and I ordered the cheese curds. They were good but the bucket was deceiving in that it was half full. The bottom half was wadded up paper. I ordered the jambalaya, they stopped selling it.   So my lady and I ordered the fish and chips. No flavor, they were nothing but fish sticks. I had to hunt our waiter down multiple times. He would just disappear. There was shoe prints on the table. Overheard other people being told they were out of food. It was a Wednesday and not very busy. I wouldn't recommend anyone going there.
5	Where do I begin?  I'll start with the large breasted hostess who loved to flirt with everyone.  There is that, so take it as you may.  Beers are great, had a wonderful chocolate stout called Sex Panther, very good.  Great drink specials when I was there.The food was fantastic, we were recommended to come here for pizza and that's exactly what we did.  Cooked to perfection, fresh ingredients and very tasty.We also had the steak and queso appetizer.  Thumbs up.The decor was so so, it seemed like a newer place with only a few "sporty" flags and banners on the wall, including the free Bud Light banner that you get when putting a Bud Light tap in your bar, I mean really guys?   Anyway, great place.
1	Have been going here regularly for about a year. New owners took over recently and are trying to turn it into a biker bar. Problem is the service has suffered significantly since the change. Slow, unfriendly, below average. Food has remained consistent, but no reason to put up with the decrease in service when there are 4-5 great places within 5 minutes. New owners should take a breath and focus on what made The Garage successful enough to buy.
4	So so good, we love to come here for the Carne asada queso dip, it is incredible! The burgers are great, the waffle fries are amazing, I don't have much bad to say about this place. Wasn't a huge fan of the Buffalo chicken sliders, but besides that everything has been great. The staff is friendly and usually pretty fast. Go here, you won't regret it!
1	My first visit and we were served old guacamole, tried flagging down the server multiple times- the bartender looked right at us and did not tell her we needed something.  Drink order was wrong.  Not impressed.
3	I've been here a few times and each time I try something new on the menu. This is the classic case, in opinion,  of a menu that sounds great but not well executed.  Either everything is super spicy or super bland, and nothing I've ordered is something I would order again. The staff is awesome and super attentive and the beer selection is pretty great. I'd come again for drinks but I think I'm done sampling the menu.
2	Meh, nothing exceptional, typical sports bar and typical food. They popped up on Yelp for craft brews but didn't have that much when I was there. Dead on a Tuesday night.
1	We have enjoyed the food and the beer selection. Just make sure you check your bill. After a bad experience, we will likely not go back.
5	Found my new spot to go. Great food. Awesome selection of beer. The best mozzarella sticks. Ask for Andrea. Great service with a nice smile. Will be heading there in my next day off. I had the high octane burger. Cooked to my liking but hang on it's very hot. They also had a pool table there that kept me in the place another three hours but money well spent.
5	High class joint, great beer selection. Wings are awesome..
1	Awful. We went for happy hour and ordered nachos and beer. The nachos were pathetic and made with cheese sauce and a very few pieces of chicken. My sister in law had chicken quesadilla and it had three pieces if chicken. To top it off, they opened the garage doors at 6:00, causing the inside temp to be 90 degrees. When we talked to the manager, he responded there was nothing he could do. Never going back.
2	I personally used to really enjoy this place and my boyfriend is a big supporter of this place but over the past few months I think it's gone down quickly.  One time, we brought my boyfriends boss for a little happy hour action and right before we were able to order, our server informs us that the entire kitchen staff walked out.  The staff tends to stay after work for a drink or two which is totally cool, until it distracts the people that are actually working from their customers.  When the staff is focused though, its great service,  especially the older woman, I don't remember her name but she's petite and blonde and very friendly.  The past two times I've been there, they've been out of what we ordered.   We continue to go bc it is cheap and there are a lot of televisions and it's super convenient to our house but in the same breath, zipps is just the same on the opposite corner. I've been tempted to contact bar rescue on their behalf bc it really used to be a great place w huge potential but it's not living up to it.
5	I love the atmosphere here! Their burgers are fantastic and their service is awesome. The adult Mac and cheese is tasty and I love their chicken tenders! Definitely worth it. Usually busy on weekends and during happy hour.
4	They were a bit understaffed that night. And I think our server seemed a little inexperienced.  But other than that, a nice place, with live music. And the burger I ordered was outstanding!
4	They've had high turnover lately, but the food quality has remained (you can order a rare burger and get it rare), the servers are (usually) all over it, and if your drink is down to 1/4 they ask if you want more. When you ask for the bill you get it right away. They have excellent craft beers on tap, too - including San Tan brews. Fun nights, good beers.
1	I use to love this place before the new owners.  I won't get into my reasons for never coming back again except it is not comfortable for myself or my family anymore.  I did give this place more then one chance so my reasons aren't based on one thing. My time and money will be spend at other restaurants.
1	I've tried the Public House 4 or 5 times and have been disappointed every time. I was so excited when I learned that a new neighborhood bar was coming to the area since there really hasn't been a good one in the area for a while. Service, sucks. Food, not good. Atmosphere, I wish I could comment on it but I was always pretty pissed that it would take 5 minutes to be acknowledged and then another 15 to get a beer.... That alone with kill anyone's mood. The best part- the place was empty every time!Like a jackass, I went back over and over hoping it would improve. It didn't. Ahwatukee didn't need another sports bar let alone a crappy one.
4	Best happy hour in Ahwatukee. Not even close. They serve some of the best microbrews ever and their food is great! Some Ahwatukee bars think they inhabit Scottsdale and charge you up the ying. Not this place. No $22 burgers here.
4	There's been a menu revamp since it first opened and the food has markedly stepped up in quality
2	The Garage used to be an awesome place to come on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon and watch the football game. Enjoy a couple beers and some lunch with friends/family. The owners used to put quality over price when it came to their food and it was quite satisfying. However, not to long ago the place was sold and things have gone down hill. The food is low quality, it's obvious that all the food is frozen and cheap ingredients. the burger is something a equivalent to one you could make at a neighborhood BBQ. The only thing it still has going for it is that you're first beer is still very cheap and they have a good selection. Go here for a beer and leave before you eat.
4	Great place for a local microbrew from Phoenix and great Happy Hour!  Street tacos were a  delish accompaniment to the good selection of beers and full bar. Our waitress was great, even told us when there would be a slight wait for one of our apps.  Came over to refill drinks and ask about our food multiple times. We were here on a Saturday night and the service was great, don't know why so many others had problems. I like that you have a choice of seating areas; inside- which is kinda noisy, being that this is a sports bar and had a live band, and the  outside patios for the nice weather. Would come here again next time I'm in town.
5	A great family friendly neighborhood bar and grill! Owner Vince helps out with drinks and food orders to make sure everyone is happy and satisfied! Great place to be!
5	Stopped in for lunch today and the food was awesome.  The wings were cooked to perfection and the beer was ice cold. Think we found our new wing spot!
2	My wife and I tried this on a recommendation from a friend of ours that posted here on Yelp.  She gave them 5 stars, I couldn't even come close to that.  We were the first ones in there on a Tuesday afternoon around 11:00 am.  More and more people came in and the bartender kept up with everything every well.  He was nice, offered us samples of the beer and knew the menu very well.  After we had been there a while, even the manager stopped by to see if everything was ok.  Service was a definite 5 star rating, the food is where it took a hard dive.  We ordered the Hell Fire Chips as an app.  They are homemade potato chips with blue cheese crumbles, diced green onion and drenched in their hot wing sauce (and I mean drenched).  First off, the wing sauce tastes like nothing more than Frank's or Red Devil.  It had a harsh vinegar taste that masked anything else that they may have put in it to call it their own and there was way to much of it.  For dinner I had the wings and my wife had the chicken strips.  The wings were also drenched in the same wings sauce.  I think that there was a breading on the wings that tasted similar to KFC, which was good, however the massive quantity of sauce made it hard to tell for sure.  When I say there was a lot of sauce, I left four wings on the plate because they were submerged in the sauce.  Some people may like that, however I don't.  The chicken strips were nothing special.  They were done perfectly but lacked any flavor at all.  Won't be back anytime soon.
1	I went there again tonight hoping it would be a better experience and not because I wanted too but because of friends.  It isn't busy enough to be slow or not take my drinks but again they just don't care there.  I guess they don't want my money.  I will never return.  Please stay away, there are sooo many better places out there.
4	I usually come with my family on Sundays after church. The football games are on, and the food is never over priced. Highly recommend the Bloody Mary bar and the eggs sausage sliders for breakfast or the hamburger for lunch. Service has been good but a couple of times the food took long. I'll keep coming back.
4	In a town full of strip malls and chain eateries, Public House Garage is just what Ahwatukee needed. Roll up garage doors with a variety of seating options, and not to mention a great patio for our cooler days. There's plenty of TVs to catch almost any game.The week my Dad had a quadruple bypass, I was neglecting my own needs running back and forth from the hospital. By the time Sunday rolled around, I  didn't realize how friggin' hungry I was! Dude was off work early, and dragged my butt here. I can't remember exactly what we ate, but know it was some kind of BBQ Bacon Burger with the Shoestring Fries. Solid burger, but nothing unique or out of this world.We didn't do any drinking; however, looks like they had plenty of tap handles and a nice looking Bloody Mary Bar. I look forward to a trip back to Public House Garage for Happy Hour, or just a beer with friends!
