5	Today was the first full opening of Paquime.  I have to say the overall feel f the place is great and the people are very friendly.  As soon as my husband and I entered they greeted us and offered samples of their soup of the day.  So much flavor!!   Even though I didn't get to try the baked goods they looked delicious.  The neighborhood of Sunnyslope has seen its fair share of Mexican cuisine and up until now its been boring traditional flavors with no depth.  Paquime, in my opinion has breathed life and flavor into the neighborhood with their delicious food.
5	I have to say the overall feel f the place is great and the people are very friendly.  As soon as my husband and I entered they greeted us and offered samples of their soup of the day.  So much flavor!!   Even though I didn't get to try the baked goods they looked delicious.  The neighborhood of Sunnyslope has seen its fair share of Mexican cuisine and up until now its been boring traditional flavors with no depth.  Paquime, in my opinion has breathed life and flavor into the neighborhood with their delicious food.
4	Burrotote was deliciousRibeye tacos were amazingVolteados tacos were one of the best things I've ever eaten
4	After talking with the owner I have decided to update my review.  I did get my order replaced and was very happy with the food.  The owner made an exceptional customer recovery and was very understanding and helpful.  He did offer me the apology that I thought was due and I am now a happy customer.  Thank you Paquime for making it right.Staff is not well informed in their own products not vegetarian friendly.  I went today for lunch and the place was really packed which at first I thought was great because it meant the food should be delicious the inside tables were all full so I did my order to go.  After ordering the Vegetarian Paquime torta I waited 25 minutes for my order to be ready.  Once I got to my work I noticed that my torta had meat.  I wanted to call the store but the receipt did not have the phone number listed.  The rest of my break was spent calling the store.  When I explained this ordeal to the employee she laughed, just plained laughed.  After a few minutes the manager, Bania, got the phone, she told me that they did not have a vegetarian torta since the Paquime comes with pork. I told her that their menu  reflected otherwise, since it listed the torta as a vegetarian option and that is the way I ordered it  after asking the cashier what came with it (which the girl that took my order did not know) and I did not think it was funny that her employee laughed.   Bania, then said well what is the problem with your order then?  I explained to her that I just wanted to inform them about the mistake that was made but that I did not appreciate that her employee laughed and that noone apologized and by now my whole lunch was over and I did not have anything to eat.  The situation was not handled profesionally, and yes I know I could have just taken the meat out, ate the darn thing and everyone is happy, but I wanted to inform them about the mistake so it could be avoided in future.   This place did not impress me and will more likely stop me from going again.
5	We tried this little place on Sunday and it was off the hook...fabulous. Ribeye street tacos and a carne asada torta. They brought around samples of their lentil soup while we were waiting for our food and little samples of their fresh fruit popsicles at the end of our meal. Both of them were delicious.  Great addition to this part of the neighborhood at Central and Dunlap. We will be back to this place often to try other menu items and also their sweet corn.
5	We are so thrilled to have such a clean modern spot for delicious Mexican food in sunneyslope! Everything was so fresh and plated very nicely. Friendly clean staff. We will be back many times. So much to try at a good price!
3	Curious to try this place as I saw them working on it for weeks.  Walked up on a Saturday morning around 11... greeted by the sound of... is that Bret Michaels singing "every rose has it's thorn?" on the loudspeakers.  Took away from the "street food cred" immediately for me.  Walking in you see a nice display of baked sweets in a glass display case.   Mine was a little dry but nice.  Service was extremely prompt and friendly throughout the experience, if even a little over eager?  As I waited for my meal, I looked at the black and white pictures of old school Mexican street eats, and Bret Michaels turned into Journey, then REO Speedwagon, only to be topped by Peter Cetera and Cindy Lauper.  Not sure what Mexican street these guys played on.  My lunch came on house baked bread which was very nice, potato chips were homemade and excellent.  Salsa bar has limes and cool cucumbers which contrasted nicely with the appropriate heat in my Torta Huevo con Chorizo.  I sat at 2 tables and all chairs, most tables and corners of floors were covered in crumbs.  I was the only one in the restaurant.  The first table was cleaned off quickly for me.  I am mixed on this place.  The ambiance was disappointing but the food was very good.  I guess... wait for it... every rose has its thorn?  Barump.
5	This place is going to be one of my new stops on my lunch rotation. Usually work in this area a couple times a week and now this just made it that much better. Hello Gourmet Tacos and then some!Inside is very nice and rather modern looking. The menu items are written on some clear glass behind the counter and the soups of the day are displayed on a hanging roll of brown paper on the wall. Just place your order and find a table. You can see them cooking it in their small open kitchen.Seating is somewhat sparse and there is an additional area out on the patio outside. Noticed a lot of people calling in their orders and picking them up once they were ready. This area definitely needed a place like this to pick things up a bit.So far ... Ordered the Rib Eye Tacos on my first visit. They were perfectly cooked and were packed with flavor. Next tried the Mexican Hot Dog and the Torta Cubana. Very good and was too full afterwards for dessert. Today tried the Burrotote and some PapaNachos. Don't forget to check out the killer salsa bar with everything necessary to kick things up a notch.Food is always very fresh and they use high quality ingredients. Been here several times and have not had a bad experience yet. Nice!Too many cool things on the menu to list them all. How about fresh desserts made out of fruits, several kinds of flans, ice creams and yummy bakery treats to cap off the meal.Service is very friendly and polite. Place is starting to get really busy and there can be small wait during peak hours. Did I tell you about the Soup of the Day? They will give you a sample to try while you wait.Going to round up on this fine establishment. WOOHOO!4.75 STARS
4	Amazing low prices for fresh really good food.This is a clean casual little place were you order at the counter and seat yourself.As we were ordering the cashier hands us some cream of zucchini soup to try. It was a nice surprise and I have to say it was really good.We ordered two plates of tacos the 1/2 Lb Ribeye (4 tacos $6.99) and the Pescado (3 tacos $7.49) Both plates came out nicely presented with a Grilled Mexican Onion, Blistered Chili, and Sauces. Everything was tasty and everything was fresh. They have a condiment bar and I really enjoyed adding the pickled onions to the Ribeye taco.This place seems very solid.
5	First time at Paquime and it was fabulous  had the ribeye tacos.  They were cooked perfectly.  The dish has so much flavor.  The place is adorable.  Staff was very attentive.  This place has so much charm. So happy it is in  Sunnyslope.
5	Absolutely love love this place. Go here maybe once or twice a week.They have this cucumber drink, must try. It has lime, cucumber and pineapple in it. Delicious! Very yummy tortas and soup as well. Not been disappointed. ...
5	The gentrification of Phoenix has spread north unto Sunny Slope, akin to Sherman's march to the sea, the innumerable losses of life and conflagrations abound like the corpses strewn amongst the final scenes of 'Platoon". The great leviathan of progress and financial renovation knows no mercy and woe be to those who don't see the sign of the times a-changin' for their days are numbered. We can lament the yuppie businesses that are springing up in the area, making it safer for the starch collared subarbanites and their sticker family bedazzled suv's mobilizing panzer tank like amongst the parking lots and neighborhood streets that for so long were home to middle class families of largely salt of the earth ethnic backgrounds starkly contrasted to their invaders; or we can look to restaurants like Paquime and find a glimmer of hope. Sleek, modern, unblemished and fastitiously tidy, Paquime has the feel of a scottsdale establishment, but the charm of a hole in the wall Slope mexi-street food joint. This is the first generation, slowly assimilating itself into a more milquetoast homogenized american cultura. That being said, this first generation still speaks spanish and remembers the ways of its parentage. Paquime is muy autentica, and reminds me of family trips to puerto penasco, before cartel violence scared American families from returning. Street tacos and tortas, helados and paletas, home made aguas frescas, some varieties of pan dulce. The attention to detail and the love and care cooked into every morsel is abundantly clear. The staff all smiles and thoroughly amicable.  I took my mother here for mothers day last sunday and we gorged ourselves, well I gorged myself, she ate a portion of her flautas picking and pecking at them birdlike and insisted I finish the remainders. I ordered a torta milanesa, breaded beef avocado tomato and lettuce on a freshly baked bolillo roll. Supplementing that was an order of tacos de pescado, panko dusted fresh white cod,halibut,? not sure, but at any rate succulent and decilious. I devoured my meal rapaciously, not forgetting to note little acoutrements included with my order- a char grilled green onion and poblano chile with a tiny pickled jalopeno. Little things like these make my heart swell, I am a simple man. Paquime is my new mistress after the death of my beloved Tacos Atoyac, and while I will remember Atoyac fondly I've moved on.
5	Wow'zer this is my first time here, and love the freakin food! I had the Ribeye Tacos. I like the interior design, very clean here. Get here before lunch hour. Place gets flooded.
3	The food is good, but I feel that it is over priced. The tortas are tiny and not too impressive. The price you pay for a torta is a lot, especially considering los reyes is up the street from them and have tortas thrice the size of theirs. the burrito and other food looked fine, i didn't get to try anything else, but my torta and I was not impressed.
5	after a pool party, we were starving and since i had heard so many great things about this place from co-workers...Paquime would have to be tried!i think it's a local chain. the store manager told us they have 4 other locations in the valley. but they make everything you eat in house. the ice cream, the baked goods...everything! we were excited to try their fish tacos. they have a few selections for non-meat eaters and will make most items with fish instead of meat. there are a couple of fish/meatless dishes as well. the menu is simple, but extensive. and everything looks/sounds delicious. our latest kick is no sugar and very little/no carbs....which is too bad because their baked goods and ice cream and palettas looked amazing. i had the fish tostada. it was about 5 bucks but came loaded with avocado, fish, and queso fresca. i'm never sure how to eat a tostado, except with a fork and knife. in any case, it was delicious. with the added verde and rojo chile and a few jalapenos.....man oh man was i in "street food" heaven.i tasted the wife's fish tacos, which i should've gotten. they came in 3's and although loaded...didn't simply crumble apart when handled. the taste was amazing and luckily we adhere to the "20 minute and full" mantra, because we could've ordered another 3!a great "mexican street food" restaurant without going down to the west side or rocky point!
4	Great rib eye tacos and barbacoa tacos.  Will be back to try other items.  Loved the grilled pepper and onion.
4	My boyfriend and I had dinner here the other night and it was delicious! He had the ribeye tacos, and I had the sopes platter. We finished off with one of their super yummy tres leche cakes. The ingredients were all fresh, and everything was very tasty. The iced green tea was also very good. The dining area is very nice, everything looks clean and modern, they had a mix of different sized tables for large and small parties. Staff was super friendly and helpful, and happy to make recommendations for items to try.
5	The ribeye tacos are AMAZING and our entire family is obsessed with the cucumber drink :)
4	I stopped in because I saw on yelp that they served elote, - usually a delicious ear of corn slathered in mayonnaise, rolled in cojita cheese and sprinkled with chili powder and lime juice. I was terribly disappointed when they brought to my table a paper cup filled with a cloudy liquid and a glob of mayo floating in it. When I questioned him, he said that they no longer serve the corn on the cob. Now they serve a small cup with a little bit of corn kernels at the bottom, and the rest of the cup filled with cloudy water, with a glob of mayo and a little bit of crumbled cojita cheese. It wasn't good. The tacos however were great!  The ribeye tacos were simple but delicious. diced ribeye, cabbage and a slice of avocado on a small corn tortilla. The Volteado taco was especially wonderful. A  small corn tortilla topped with a little heap of a wonderfully flavored pork and a slice of cheese, then the whole thing is flipped over face down on the grill so the cheese gets crispy and toasty, then topped with an avocado slice. The red hot sauce at the little salsa station was exceptional as well. it was really spicy and velvety smooth, It was even kind of creamy. Judging by the creaminess and richness of it, I'm pretty sure it has some heavy cream in it.  The rich salsa paired with the simple clean tacos made for an amazing meal.After my meal I bought a churro from the pastry case. It wasn't good. It tasted old and was really tough and chewy. Oh! And when I first walked it, the girl at the counter gave me a sample of the soup of the day. It was cream of zucchini, which sounds kind of weird, but it was great as well. it was creamy and rich with corn and bacon in it. I wasn't in the mood for soup but it was definitely delicious. Service was friendly too.I would have given 5 stars if it wasn't for the weird corn water and old churro, but it was an overall good experience. I would highly recommend the Volteado tacos and Paquime in general.
5	I was so thrilled when I found out they opened a paquime just 5 minutes away from my house, now I don't have to drive to the one on 43rd Ave and indianschool . The ribeye tacos are to die for freshly made to order. Strawberry and cream with nuts are my favorite and the fresh waters are delicious
4	Boy am I glad that I checked this out. First off , the restaurant is immaculate and very well organized. You can find everything from soups made fresh daily, Mexican sweet breads, paletas (Ice Cream ) , Aqua Frescas, elote, tacos, burritos, tortas. I ordered the  Asada tacos and my one year-old foodie in training ordered the kids bean and cheese burrito. The Asada tacos had some fat that i had to pick through , but the tacos (maybe because its rib eye) are made with fresh tortillas and are flavorful. The bean and cheese burrito was a little spicy for a baby, but it was good to me. The kids meal came with aqua fresca and I ordered the cucumber flavor which was refreshing and not overly sweet.  I will give it another go when in the area and try something new and hopefully better.
4	Stopped in for a late "birthday dinner" for my partner and his sister.  Lots of vegetarian options and the staff were very friendly!  Our orders didn't take too long to come out and they didn't seem to mind us hanging around after the meal (we were there a while).  Overall, I'd definitely go back :)
4	Food is good. Cool ambiance. Very clean.Chips are terrible though cold and chewy. See if you can get a substitute. The cook said they make them in the morning and serve them all day....
5	Came here on the recommendation of a coworker. We walked in and we were immediately greeted by a young lady who offered us a sample of the soup of the day. (How did she know that I LOVE soup!). The Lentil soup was delicious! I ordered a cup of that with the ribeye tacos. The order was delivered quickly. After devouring the soup I could hardly wait to tear in to the tacos. They did not disappoint! The ribeye was melt in your mouth tender. You guys have got to check this place out!
5	Quality food, presented beautifully, in a very clean restaurant.  Awesome cucumber drink, a must try. The rib eye is a must to try, fabulous flavor, love it on the tostada, with beans and delish cheese, wish I didn't tear into it before I took this picture.  Lol  Fish tacos have great quality piece of fish, they just need to make sure oil is fresh.  Employees are wonderful, very sweet, helpful and attentive.
4	Nice place. Kinda small but it actually helps the atmosphere. Nice and new. Amazing service. I liked a lot of things about this place. The kitchen is actually in front so you can see what's going on. Guy cooking is wearing a chef coat and looks highly professional. Food was great. Still need to try out a few other things. Glad I stopped by. Will definitely try it again.
4	Great spot to pop in or take away quality Mexican food.  I eat here probably once a week or more and have tried half of the menu and have enjoyed everything so far.  My only complaint is that the portions are not traditional Mexican size portions so I am left wanting.  Kids chicken is great.
4	This place is a welcome addition to the area. Not the norm for Mexican food, and not to be missed! The menu ranges from tacos and burros to fresh fruit ice cream bars and juices. We've been here once already and ready to keep trying something new each time. Flavors will not disappoint!
5	I have been into this restaurant 2 times.  The food here is off the hook delicious.  Friendly clean upscale for a low street food price!
5	Nothing but great things to say about this place. The manager is 17 year old who is very personable and made sure I liked what I had ordered. The food and the experience and was enough to give this place 5 stars. Try the agua frescas.
4	Horchata and carne asada super nachos! Ordinarily I have no problem passing up horchata, especially given that I prefer to get my calories from food over drink, but this horchata is too good to pass up!And, the super nachos? The best nachos around!* Loads of chips with enough cheese to go around and a generous serving of your meat selection (I encourage carne asada) with a scoop of guacamole (pickled jalepenos upon request). It's such a big serving, it is easily enough to share.*I prefer "fake" cheese over shredded cheese on my nachos. I believe cheese preference can make or break nacho satisfaction.
5	This place is da bomb and with it pretty much being right around the corner from me a much better alternative than Fillintheblankaberto's. I'm not really much of a fan of Mexican food to begin with but this place is getting a decent amount of my business. As one reviewer alluded to in an earlier post the ribeye tacos are just crazy good. That same poster mentioned something about the cucumber drink so I sampled that to see for myself. Now I have visions of ribeye tacos and that cucumber drink dancing in my head. To me this place is fairly new. It took me over a month to force myself to stop ordering those damn ribeye tacos so I could sample some other stuff. I'm still testing but I tell you what. Between all the different food choices and desserts, I could probably eat here every single day for a good month and be cool with it.Oh, yeah. The staff there is hella cool. I hope they continue to stay on their A game. Big ups "place around the corner that I can't pronounce the name of" keep doin' the do!
4	awesome.
5	Incredible, authentic Mexican food.  They have breakfast, lunch, and dinner.The food is incredible, but make sure you don't pass up the desserts.  They have bakery items and gelato & paletas!   The aqua frescos are excellent as well.You won't be disappointed here.
5	This place is awesome.  My wife and myself drove past the restaurant for several months, until my wife decided to stop in to buy some Mexican bread.  The Mexican Bread was fresh, tasted very good, and was cheaply priced.  A few days later, we decided to stop by for dinner.  My wife ordered the Vegetable Tacos made with a gluten-free shell from Jicama.  I ordered the Pescado (Fish) Tacos.  I must say, the food was AWESOME!  It was seasoned very well and the presentation was great.  My wife also tasted the Agua Fresca (Hibiscus) drink and loved it.  I ordered a slice of Cheesecake.  It was very different from the normal, American Cheesecake and is now my favorite!  We will definitely be back for more great food.
4	"Street food" is my favorite kind of Mexican food. There's nothing more awesome than the cheap, simple, bite-sized tacos you buy at a roadside stand in Mexico or Tucson (an extension of Mexico). Phoenix has its share of roadside stands...but they ain't no Tucson or Mexico. Awesome dirty hole-in-the-wall places where employees don't speak English? Phoenix has tons, and they are great.Tortas Paquime is a chain of five or so small restaurants focusing mainly on the torta. I didn't realize it growing up, but Mexicans know how to make an awesome sandwich. Honestly, the only sandwiches I get really excited about in any global cuisine is the torta. "Street Food of Mexico" is a new concept from Tortas Paquime - a clean, fast/casual restaurant that sells street tacos, tortas, aguas, and other offerings typically found at out of the way restaurants in low-rent buildings.The food is really pretty good. I had the hot dog, which is not as good as the Sonoran hot dogs found in Tucson, but respectable in its own way, and the Rib Eye tacos. The tacos were simple enough that they can almost be considered real, bonified street tacos, with the meat being the main ingredient, and some avocado thrown in just to make it more awesome. Actually, they kind of straddle the line between street tacos and fancy tacos.The cucumber agua is superb. They also had horchata and jamaica, and while I love me some horchata and jamaica, it's hard to pass up on cucumber agua. I never see that!Paquime does sacrifice a little bit of authenticity so as to make white people feel a little more comfortable. There's not necessarily anything wrong with that - the spirit of Mexican street food is still alive in this food, even if it is served amid the bland, yuppie decor typically associated with worthless faux-Mexican schlock like Chipotle and Cafe Rio.This is a quality addition to the Sunnyslope area. There are definitely better, more authentic Mexican places in the area, but this is not a bad concept at all, and it's executed pretty well.
5	LOVE IT!! Everything I've tasted is amazing!!  Been to their sister one on van Buren so glad they're close!!
5	Paquime is the epicenter of the Sunnyslope Sunday Breakfast dilemma. Next door is the coffeehouse that has better coffee and the Blueberry Spiral Rolls of Delight. But Paquime has three weapons to suck a really hungry person in:1. Breakfast tortas! The chorizo breakfast torta is pretty much the best breakfast idea in the universe, beating out now-familiar breakfast burritos. It has chorizo and maybe beans and definitely peppers, and it will make smoke come out your ears.2. Full menu served at breakfast time. So if you need fish tacos at 9 a.m., you can have fish tacos at 9 a.m. (There is also menudo on Sundays.)3. Best Mexican pastries I've ever had. I'd gotten a little jaded on the Mexican-pastry front, but these are fresh! And huge! Now, the reason you want to go here, rather than to the much divier -bertos across the parking lot is that both the food and the environment are rather more chi-chi (while still being quite affordable). All things -berto's are for when you want a honkin' big burrito on a foam plate, with a plastic fork, before you go to Lowe's (or after a long night at the bars). Such moments exist, and they are real.Paquime is for when you want a quietly civilized meal, with quality ingredients, on real plates, but the prospect of hauling yourself to Gallo Blanco is too onerous, expensive, and precious to contemplate. They also do take-out, should you prefer your civility at home but not want to fire up the skillet.
3	I've been here twice now. It's cool, clean and modern, even a bit trendy. I got the aboghadas the first visit, and went for the extra spicy option. The cashier was unsure and told me that "gringos" can't handle that much heat. I assured her that despite my skin color that I can handle it. I got my dish and it was barely spicy at all. It still had a good flavor so I finished it. But as we left I told the cashier that it wasn't very spicy. She spoke to the chef and they determined that he forgot to add the spicy option to that number. I suspect that she told him to keep it mild when I ordered. A simple mistake at best, or some mild racism at worst, who knows. Now I'm not picky or easily offended so I went another time. I opted for a different dish and didn't have to to deal with the spiciness issue, it was still good. One thing to note was that I the two times that I ordered food, there was a distinct lack of crunch or crisp texture. All the food was soft and saucy. But I could be wrong. I need to study their menu and determine if they have any dishes with crispy tortillas of some kind. I had to knock off another star though because they don't serve alcohol. I feel that Mexican food pairs well with good Mexican beer (Bohemia anyone?) and not having that option is disappointing. I recommend giving this place a try.
5	I absolutely love this place! I work down the road and I eat here once a week. The place is always clean, the service is good most days. The food is what keeps me coming back! Yum!
4	I am confident that this place will garner a fifth star with subsequent visits.  My problem is that I can never make it past the bakery counter.  My sweet tooth always takes over and by the time it is satisfied I haven't the appetite to try the more savory options.  This place maintains its authenticity while creating an atmosphere that would rival anything put out by Fox or Upward Projects.
5	Amazing! Great atmosphere, fantastic food. Every little detail of the food and atmosphere has obviously been meticulously perfected. The employees are professional and  take great pride and ownership  in making the guest experience rock.
5	Stumbled into this place while traveling. Tacos volteados and ribeye tacos were amazing. Green tea pomegranate was quenching in the 90 degree fall day.
5	I really shouldn't be reviewing this place because I only have been once and only had soup...but I couldn't help myself.  The concept is absolutely hip.  Super cool.  The menu looked amazing.  When I first arrived I thought "7.00 for a taco?"  That was for THREE.  The wall menu doesn't indicate that and I suggested they fix that.  They have pastries and ice cream and I sampled the Pecan ice cream and it was amazing.  The young girl that works there was a wealth of information and very very nice.  She offered me a tasting of the soup within seconds of me walking in.We will definately go back!
5	This place is just wonderful.  I grew up in Phoenix and visit my parents and friends often.  My wife found this place on Yelp and we took my parents to it on our last night in town for our last trip, and boy was it good.My wife and I got two different kinds of tacos so we could sample more items, including swapping between us.  They were excellent.  My parents got the same burritos and not only did they love them, but my wife and I finished my mom's and we also loved them.  And boy, do they do Tres Leches cake right!We're definitely returning here the next time we're in town.
4	Still love this place. The food is awesome. Ribeye tacos are the best, and the chicken chipotle soup has a nice kick. Wish they served it everyday. I'd probably come more often if they did. It's really affordable.
4	A really cool spot at the southeast corner of Central and Dunlap. Clean, very bright from big walls of glass facing the street and parking area, and simply but very tastefully decorated, this eatery serves upgraded versions of popular Mexican street foods: tacos, sonoran hotdogs, tortas, burritos, etc. The hot soups are really welcome on cold - and even not so cold - days, and there are ample desserts such as flans and cakes to satisfy any cravings for sweets. Good prices and very friendly service, though some items such as papanachos or elote en vaso (you have to ask for this; it was not in the menu during my last visit) may take a bit of time to prepare.
4	Love this place.  Super tasty and authentic Mexican with a twist.  Everything is delicious from the Mexican tacos to the flautas.  Definitely check this place out.
5	This was flat out amazing!Hadn't heard of them before, but while hiking North Mountain I yelped tacos while at the top. This came up as close by and open. We went as a group of four. We tried the tacos(rib eye), burro(carne asade), torta and a burrito. Chips and salsa were ordered as well as a side of their corn.Chips were among the best I've ever had in my life. Light, crispy and just salty enough. Salsas were really tasty and had varying degrees of heat to choose from.I had the four tacos and they were ridiculously good. I was stuffed full but considered more just for the terrific flavor of them. They had menudo and I was given a sample. It too was  superb. I grilled the guy at the counter and found everything, including the baked goods, were done in house. Picked up some treats for the kids and while they look great, I'm guessing they'll taste even better.
3	Not bad, good variety of different traditional items, very modern and clean. However, big disappointment with the elote en vaso. It tastes sweet, like canned corn. It's a bit of a slap in the face to the traditional elote carts in the streets of Mexico. They would never serve this crap. My girlfriend and I drove all the way down just for this and we couldn't even finish it. Literally left a bad taste in our mouths. I hope the owner/manager reads this and makes the necessary adjustment to this particular item. Just imagine eating sweet corn with mayo and little salsa Valentina. Just doesn't do it justice.
5	Love the food and the new concept from Paquime.Something that caught my attention was the jicama wraps with meat instead of using corn or flour tortillas. Awesome taste and feels a lot healthier when you eat these awesome dishes.
5	Just had fish tacos there and they were some of the best we ever had. The owner adds a gracious touch and is very charming. The decor is very chic and modern. Would make it one of anyone's choices for eating out. We are visiting from Seattle and wish it was there instead of here!
5	I've been back a few times and the food is consistently excellent. The staff is friendly too. You will not be disappointed by this place!
5	Amazing Mexican food! I wanted to try something new on my visit to my hometown and this isn't your typical fried Sonoran-style food. I got three rib eye tacos that were topped with onions, white cheese, and chunks of avocado with a strawberry lemonade. The tacos were really good, fresh, and fairly priced and the lemonade was amazing. I wasn't sure what to do with the large grilled green onion that came as garnish.There were a lot of bakery and frozen items available for dessert but I was too full to try anything.I would definitely frequent this place (especially since it's right next door to a coffee roaster!) if I still lived in town. I'll be craving this place until I visit again!
5	This is a fun place and the food is fantastic period. So different, our third time here and the BEST fish tacos I have ever had!
5	This place is better than awesome. Why I hear you ask, let me tell you.Amazingly friendly staff - a chef that puts time and effort into presentation as well as fresh ingredients and made fresh daily tortillas and chips, lovely interior and did I mention the ice cream and cakes.Better than 5 star
5	My Husband and I stopped for a quick lunch. Ordered the Super Nachos. It was so yummy! Enough for two.  The place has a modern Mexican flare! Not your local grungy taco joint. This is definitely a step up but has very reasonable prices.  We will be back again!
5	Best authentic Mexican food I've had in a long time! Great atmosphere and customer service!!
4	My wife and stopped by the other day and as soon as we walked in they offered us a sample of the zuccini soup with corn. Best soup I have had in a restaurant in very long time. In fact we ordered some and took some home it was that good! I had the ribeye torta. It was incredible of course, meat just melted in your mouth. My wife had the chicken ensalda salad. She loved it! I will say that in the last 16 years of living here and eating at many Mexican Restaurants. This is now my favorite! This is a must have for any foodie. Great staff! Super clean restaurant..........A true diamond in the rough!
5	Their ribeye tacos are delicious. Their presentation of the meal as well as the culinary accoutrements accompanying the dish are well made and well flavored. Their flan was not too sugary and therefore hit the spot. However, I prefer mine more eggy.Anyway, they sell all sorts of Mexican gastronomic googahs like pastries, ice cream, and Popsicles.Over all, it's a piece of swank at inexpensive prices on Dunlap. This business, singlehandedly, will jump start the gentrification of this seedy area.
5	One word: Delicioso! You gotta try it! All the ingredients are fresh and everything is made to order. The restaurant has a cool modern look and very clean. The staff is always friendly and happy to make suggestions. They will even offer you a sample of their daily soups if you're interested (and trust me, you are). Be patient while they make your food. It doesn't take too long, but the chef it making it fresh for you right there chopping and grilling it up. It takes longer than similar restaurants, but trust me, it's well worth the extra few minutes (like maybe 3 extra, be patient).Since you have 3 extra minutes to kill, check out their little garnish bar -- salsa, avocado sauce, radishes, carrots. Everything a traditional taco stand would have! Pick a few to try. The Paquime salad is gigantic. It's piled high in a nifty lookin' bowl. Beware, the dressing has a bit of a kick -- it's not so spicy you can't eat it, but the spice builds with each bite. But it is so tasty you probably won't be able to stop eating it anyway. The street tacos are simple perfection. I've personally had the ribeye and their are flavorful and juicy. Add a little salsa, their avocado sauce, or a squirt of lime. I'm drooling all over my keyboard...And when you are done get dessert. No better way than to end the meal with some of their amazing traditional Mexican desserts. But don't take my word for it, once you see the cakes, pastries, and ice cream there is no way you can pass them up.
