4	I can't imagine that there's a person who has been in Vegas and been in some sort of nightlife scene and not ended a night with a big heap of Roberto's.  I mean, it's like peanut butter and jelly - they just go hand in hand.And let me tell you, on a late weekend night there are few things better than some Roberto's.  The rolled tacos with guacamole are good for a cheap snack, a quesadilla can feed an entire family, and their combination plates will sate even the most drunken hunger.  The most famous however, and probably least consumed, are the Chupacabra fries.  Well, that's what we call them at least since they will suck your soul.  It's a plate of fries covered in cheese, salsa, peppers - you know, all the type of stuff that goes on TOP of your usual Mexican fare.The odd thing about Roberto's is that when you have it during daylight hours, it loses some of it's magic and you sometimes wonder how you can eat all that stuff at 3 AM.  But 3 AM will roll around again, do not fear, and the magic will return.
5	This is the best Roberto's in Vegas.  I have tried many and I think the one by campus is the most generous with cheese, guacamole, sour cream, etc.  It's a lil hole-in-the-wall but it's open 24 hours and has great, cheap food... relatively fast.  Can't beat that!  When I lived in Vegas, I used to go here at least once a week.  Sometimes more!Try the Horchata too. It's a Mexican rice drink (with a lil cinammon).  It's yummy and good for the stomach if you've been drinking!
5	I love this place! I eat there at night, for lunch, when i'm too lazy to cook, when i have a group of friends who don't have much money to spend on food, and for any occassion that someone in my group is craving mexican food!  Roberto's is the best at night when you're drunk or really tired of course but then, what food isn't better when you're drunk? lol I am addicted to their chicken chimichanga combination plate with an horchata.  Their rolled tacos are good too. Btw, what the other review said about horchata being good after drinking or for a hang-over is true.  It's soothing for your stomache.I like Roberto's better than any nice mexican restaurant I've been to... maybe with the exception of a few in mexico. lol
5	Other then my cultures food, Mexican food is on my A list.  Coming from Southern California how could you not fall in love with Mexican Fast Food. Im so glad they have a Robertos here, reminds me of SoCal....
4	You probably can't really go wrong at any location of Roberto's...Personally I LOVE their quesadillas.  They are open 24 hours, and they are conveniently located everywhere.  I have had several things on the menu, and I have never been disappointed.  Best of all, it's CHEAP!
5	I'm not quite sure which location I went to, so I'll just review this one.. I don't know what it is about this place, but their food.. I don't even know how to explain it.. it's so GOOD. Especially open 24 hours, going in at 2 in the morning, never tasted better for a midnight snack. Definately the best of the best.  I wish there was one in the bay area. :-(
4	didn't go to this location, but went to the one on craig road and the one on sunset, ordered the same thing at both locations: carne asada fries, and 5 rolled beef tacos, xtra large horchata.  When I first moved to Vegas, I would look foward to going back to California for Adalbertos or Baldos for the same exact thing, but this is my home away from home...both open 24 hours and both can give you a heart attack...but soo worth it.  This is one of those places where you can only order the carne asada fries maybe twice a month because it's so bad for you... but ohh so good!
4	They make the best quesadillas i have ever had! I just wish the place was a little bit more cleaned up, place looks and smells like a run down taco shop...I guess that is what i get for realism...
1	Ok, Now I realize that as a Californian I am spoiled by delicious Mexican food. I also realize that as someone who is partially of Mexican decent and has had my aunts fabulous food that I may be ruined forever to the nastiness that is fake Mexican food. But come on! This place is craptastic and there is no denying it. It tastes like your Dutch cousin went to Albertson's and went to the Ethnic food aisle and took a stab at making some Mexican food.I asked the lady behind the counter what exactly "rolled tacos" were, and asked if they were similar to soft tacos, just rolled up or something like that, and she said yes, so I ordered that platter. What I got was 3 taquitos from Costo that had been microwaved and so were mushy and disgusting, covered in store bought guacamole and sour cream. The sides were no better. "Spanish rice" if you could actually call it that, that was mushy and gross, and canned refried beans that are screaming "hi! I'm not fresh and yummy, but from a can and about as bad as you can get!" Bleh Bleh Bleh! Jason's food was no better. His stuff was literally sitting in a pool of grease from the fryer and had no taste other than old, over used grease... gack!This place wanted to make me go back and rate all the other Mexican places I have ever been to a few points higher. I know that people say that Mexican food outside of California sucks... but god damn...
2	I've tried to like this place, but just haven't really ever had a good meal here.It's a bit grungy every time I go in, and the burritos are usually dry and flavorless.It wasn't even good after 14 beers.
1	Why people like this place is a complete mystery to me.Not only the worst Mexican food I have ever tasted, but the worst food of any type ever.Greasy, bland, overly "wet" and borderline unfit for human consumption.
5	Like a previous reviewer said, If you've lived in Vegas and had any kind of a social night life, you've probably called on Senor Roberto to bail you out of some late night hunger spots.  This is probably also the case if you've done anything in So. Cal past midnight.This Taco shop is nothing like a Bay Area taqueria, I liken Roberto's/Alberto's/Jilbertos/Ralberto's to Mexican fast food.  Though it may not be the most authentic, it's usually greasy, unhealthy but devastatingly delicious.  Carne Asada burritos, chips and fries from So. Cal are the stuff of legend amongst my friends.Prices here have gone up a bit compared to when I was last in So Cal, but the large portions, delicious Carne Asada and late night hours (24h) all remain.The Carne Asada Burritos here, come with only carne asada, sour cream, guacamole, and pico, no rice or beans.  The carne asada fries, come in a Styrofoam container filled with fries, then guacamole, sour cream, pico, carne asada and cheese dumped on top.  Unreal, and unreal that I have yet to find a place in the Bay area that can do the same properly.They have a green and red salsa (both good) along with some pickled carrots, radishes and jalapenos in their salsa bar.  And they also accept credit card.If you are in Vegas looking for late night eats, seek out Roberto's, there are like 30 locations.
1	Since I cant find the one on Pecos and Sunset I will post my review here:I originally was on my way to Subway for lunch when I seen the Roberto's Taco Shop sign and said "what the hell" let's give it a shot. (Even though I was told to stay away)Sunset & Pecos I ordered a Taco de "Carne Asada" and a burrito, first of the meat used is not of the "Ranchera Flap steak" which is the true "Carne Asada" Second the meat is not seasoned properly its more of a "stew" cooked (not grilled) meat which is horrible. If I wanted soup I would have ordered it. Third the meat it self was tasteless bland and chewy like stew meat. Lastly, the price... my bill for both items came close to $8.00 NOT cheap! These items at any hole-in-the-wall would have been $6.00- $6.50, even Taco Bell has better tasting tacos, that doesn't say much about Roberto's Taco Shop... Loyal patrons will say: 1."Oh but the portions are GREAT!" 2."The burritos aren't filled with rice & beans, its all meat!" There is NO substitute for quality and taste, Two VERY important things Roberto's is missing.I won't even bother reporting on the burrito, since I gave it to a co-worker and well, I'm not here to review on her behalf.
4	my story is true. i  used to cry when i had a chicken burrito....so spicy and good.  the tears going down my face.  this was in 1997. now i take my wife there. i dont cry anymore.  its not as spicy but still real good. they actually have chicken in the burritos, what a concept!
3	This place is the filthiest robertos I have been to. Is that bulletproof glass?It is good drunk food, especially for the area. Watch for the bums and the crazies. Once they are dodged, you're going to be okay. Carne Asada Nachos/Fries best on the menu.
2	Roberto's in general always blows. This one is somewhat better than the rest only because it is probably one of the most run down looking Roberto's I have been in. This means the food is better usually :)Order the carne asada nachos or fries. Or the chimichanga. Whatever you order, expect lackluster guacamole, too much sour cream, and food quality that is...let's just say...one step above taco bell.Portions are ridiculous. I only eat half the super nacho portion and I am super stuffed for the night. It breaks my heart that I have yet to find a taqueria similar to those I am familiar with in the bay...quick, delicious Mexican food...and the fact that people recommend Roberto's for "good Mexican food" is embarrassing.
1	Sucks!  Why did it take an hour to get our food?  Why did people's orders get out of order?  It was probably a bad day, but they did nothing to make us want to come back and see how a potentially normal day is there.The food's ok.One a positive, I actually got to hear a black guy from one group of people tell another black guy in another group have this exchange:"Hey, that's nacho cheese!"  "Yeah, that's what I ordered""Yeah, but that's not yo's.  It's my nacho cheese!"And the whole restaurant burst into laughter.  I never thought I'd ever hear that happen in real life in front of me.  That's the only reason I 'm glad I went here.Still, screw this place.  I'm going to Jack In The Box up the street next time.
3	Had chicken tacos for lunch.  It's fast and inexpensive.
5	In a drunken stupor finding the flashing 24 hrs Robertos sign is a sign from above. Fast and tasty burritos with fresh non salty guacamole.
1	boo. messed up my order and had over-the-counter-static.
1	So i went to this taco spot today,i usually go to tacos El Tizon on Eastern and Trop and i love their food,i went over to Roberto's today because i was going to walk to Target afterward.I walked in and got no greeting or hello from the person at the counter she acted like she couldn't understand me,i was tempted to order in Spanish to see if she would make more of an effort but decided against it,maybe as another reviewer suggested living in Los Angeles for years means i am used to a higher standard of Mexican food but i doubt it...........I ordered 7 taco's,three for me in the store and 4 for the hubby for later,when i order taco's at a Mexican place i expect soft corn tortilla with fresh Carne Asada,what i got was deep fried shredded beef tacos with lettuce and cheese......i mean i have literly ordered better taco's at Taco Bell.I immediately went to complain to the girl she said that is how they serve them,they have no soft tacos and that i never asked her anything.I spent $15 on these taco's which i think is alot and i was denied a refund so i left with 6 Taco's i will not eat and  was completely irritated.I think this place is a joke,the picture of their Taco's on the menu board is no reflection of how they serve their food,the meat tasted off and the taco was dripping in grease totally disgusting.I go to Taco's El Tizon and i can get one taco with beans for $1.25 and it comes with a whole choice of salsa sides and pickled veggie's the staff are wonderful and the meat is cooked fresh,the Taco's i bought at Roberto's were $2.09 per taco and i wouldn't be surprised if they came from a box in the freezer.I will never go back and would never recommend the place to anyone........very disappointing
4	So I went to the Roberto's across from UNLV because I had a random urge to eat carne asada fries. Now, I only get this urge once every few months because after I eat them I always feel like dying, but it's still always worth it. So the carne asada fries were priced at around $8 which isn't a bad price for the amount of food you get.The carne asada fries come topped with guacamole, pico de gallo, carne asada, cheese, sour cream and probably more. I would tell you everything, but once you mix it together it looks like one big mash up of amazingness. The fries were pretty delicious, but filling. One order can most definitely be shared by two.I've seen some other reviews talk about the service, but I had pretty decent service when I went. The cashier greeted me and my friend as soon as we walked in, and had our order out in a much shorter time than I had predicted. Would I come here again? yeah, probably just for the fries. While the other food looked decent, I am pretty picky when it comes to Mexican food.
5	Fantastic beef tacos!  We go here every time we are in Vegas!! It's a must on out todo list.  One time we ate here twice in one day.
3	Compared to everywhere else, Robertos ranks low for me.  When it comes to indulgence after a night of drinking, there's no place like this Mexican fiesta!Whenever I come to Roberto's, no matter what location, I tend to get the same two things:  Carnitas Burrito and/or Carne Asada Fries!  On this night, I got the Carne Asada Fries.  This meal is huge!  Crispy fries smothered (and when I say smothered, I really mean it LOL) with all the Mexican fixings:  sour cream, onions, cheese, guacamole just to name a few.  The carne asada is perfectly seasoned and cut into strips.  Every bite is packed with flavor and the combination can cure any drunk tummy.  This particular location was packed with a younger crowd.  A.) probably because it was right across of the UNLV and B.) It was like 3 in the morning.  The staff was nice, nothing that stood out.  Bathrooms were disgusting.  I'm not going to get into details, but I have NEVER seen a Roberto's bathroom in good shape.  Trust me.  NOTHING in here is healthy, however, if you're looking to get your drunk munchies on, this is the place.  Come by and check out the fries.  You'll thank me later.
3	3am carne asada fries! Go mop up the booze that's flooding your digestive tract.
4	Carne asda burrito, the staple of my Roberto's eating, they really do make a good one, just as long as the meat is cooked fresh. They do have a nasty habit of cooking the meat in batches, then leaving it in a pot to stay arm, this results in dried out meat, so just keep an eye on it.The one thing these guys do badly is the carne asda fries, the premise is great junk food, fries, carne asda meat, all the toppings, but they never seam to be able to cook the fries, they are always almost raw, which results in me having to have them made again....
1	My worst eating experience, EVER! I found a band-aid in my nachos here, and when I went back the staff pretended not to speak English. All this while they had a sign on their wall that said "Voted Best in Las Vegas." This happened to me in 2002, mind you, but I'll never forget that experience. I sincerely hope they have improved on the standards since then, but I will NEVER eat here again.
4	Their Carna Asada fries are amazing. People say to make sure you go to the Roberto's where you can see the kitchen and i have to agree. This Roberto's is right across from UNLV and its really great
3	Its alright, im from SoCal and have had better.
4	I love the breakfast burrito! Potato, egg and cheese reminds me of my grandma's breakfast tacos :)
4	Good option for drunchie meals, but i've had better mexican food elsewhere.
4	Awesome Asada fries. Went there to get nachos but settles on the fries and did not regret it
4	I love robertos. when it comes to fast Mexican food they do it best. The university location never disappoints except if there's more than a few people in line. It seems to take extraordinarily long to receive your order. But it's always hot and delicious. Staff is polite & helpful
3	.99 chicken tacos on Wednesday? Hells yea!This is basically the only reason why I come here. The tacos are super oily but they actually taste good with some of their red salsa! If you come here their food consistency is not always the same, the tacos anyway.  The first time they were hella hard with a little bit of chicken, the second time they were perfect and this last time they were perfect shells with a little chicken and not enough cheese. For .99cents you really cant expect more though.My coworker got the rolled taquitos with guac and asked for sour cream, they charge 1.10$ for that, WTF!? They also charge that for guac. Its totally insane to charge that much for sour cream though! The guac was already oxidizing by the time we got back to work, like 5 mins away.They have a salsa bar, but the place is cramped and people always take wayyyy more than they should. They do offer green onions here, which not all Robertos offer. The place itself is pretty clean, and customer service is so-so. The cashier is usually in a hurry and just trying to get orders in as quickly as possible so she isnt super nice.I will continue to come here for their cheap tacos, but thats about it LOL.Yay!
4	I go to Roberto's much too often, haha. I have only ever tried their carne asada fries, for obvious reasons. After recently introducing a friend to this magical concoction, we pick up an order together on a weekly basis. Carne asada fries are the perfect meal after a very long and busy day and they are great to share with a friend and chat over because each order is a very large portion. Like many Roberto's locations, this one is open 24 hours, a great plus in my book! This is Vegas, after all.
5	Kind of a sketchy place at 3am on a Saturday night, but Roberto's has the best beef taco and best chicken taco I've ever had.A perfect place for a late night meal after ending a bar crawl next door at Cheers.(Don't ask...)
3	I don't know how people can order carne asada every time.  it's overcooked low quality beef and they don't season it at all.  Maybe they just don't know any better.  my recommendation is the breakfast burrito with chorizo or sausage and a pina or pineapple jarritos.  Goes perfect.  Don't forget the salsa and lime bar.  Just a note, the smaller container of salsa is the HOT or pipe cleaning salsa, which I prefer.  Good ole robertos.  Probably healthier than taco bell.  The cleanest, best, most amazing tacos are waiting for you on tropicana at taco tijuana.Usually tho, in a joint like this, simpler is better.  For example, bean and cheese, bean and rice, bean and egg, bean and... whatever you can think of.  Don't forget the salsa and lime... and jalapeno if you're man enough.
3	I wouldn't rate this place as having fantastic Mexican food, but it's good and it's cheap.  They have several locations in the area and the menu has enough items to satisfy most diners.
2	I would love to give them a higher rating. For the most part I like their food. Had an excellent burrito , best ever Chile relleno,  good menudo which I go for on the weekends.  But last night I had a cheese enchilada with my chile relleno and they forgot to cook it. Yes, cheese was not melted and it was cold. I couldn't  get to my microwave to heat it because we are remodeling - which is why I went out for food.  Then I realized I couldn't even complain nor call. Going back next time and asking them to please make sure they cook my food properly is not possible. No one there speaks English. So in the past when I got corn tortillas instead of flower I ate them. You see, no speak English.  My feeling is that if one has an eating establishment in America please respect your clients and be able to serve them properly. I also like to go out for sushi but I don't need to speak Japanese. I like Italian food but I'm normally served in English and if I have a complaint I am able to voice it. Is that too much to ask for?
4	I love their steak burrito and all the foods are great but.. the cashier cant understand english and speaking english. yet, all foods are really really great!
4	Seriously one of the best carne asada burritos I've ever had.. I would've given them 5 stars but it bothers me that the cheese and sour cream were both an extra dollar.. Still well worth it but come on..
4	Ordered the Carne Asada fries and some shredded beef tacos. Delicious! The shredded beef was tender and tasty, and they didn't skimp on the shredded cheese, either. The fries were loaded with goodness and it was a large portion; I shared with my fiance and gave him one of my tacos, more than enough for both of us. So happy to come back here (although it's a different location than the one I used to visit). Will probably be coming back for the taquitos and the classic bean and cheese burritos, my late night favorites from times long past. Love it!
2	If your drunk you can come here. I mean, it's greasy and taste a LITTLE better then Taco Bell. But not by much. It's fast. It's greasy. The people are nice that work there?
5	First time at this Roberto's location. First off, the food is absolute delicious here. I ordered beef machaca burrito for breakfast and it was delicious. The flour tortillia was thin and  not caky like here in TX. I wish they make these types of burritos here in TX. If they do, I have not found that taqueria yet. I only seen this on the menu at IHOP around here. Roberto's makes good tacos and it's always my destination when I am in Las Vegas. Can't wait to come back again. I highly recommend this place to anyone that loves good authentic Mexican food. You will not r disappointed.
4	This is my go to Mexican food when eating out. And it's great because they are located EVERYWHERE.  They make all their salsas in house and they are constantly prepping the fresh veggies. They have a free salsa bar for customers. My favorite side condiment is the spicy marinated carrots and cucumber slices on the side.  Prices are very reasonable and proportions are hefty.  There are the more "greasy" options, but you can choose to get healthy variations also.
3	Man ya bombed out on me again... drove three miles.. ordered.. everything on time... drive home... wrong order... I was the only one there. ...and still the order was wrong...I wanted 3 chicken tacos and a number 6.... lol I ended up with two orders of rolled tacos, torta with some type of fried meat, and a carnesada taco... all smothered on guacamole. ...almost right?.... next time ill work on my ordering skills... you didnt loose a customer. ...but damn I was hungry
4	What can I say? The food is amazing!! I love the chicken tacos and my bf loves the cheese enchiladas and bean and cheese burritos. Their service is always fast and the food is fresh. My only complaint for this location is, that when we went, mind you it was lunch hour...this place was packed, the empty tables were dirty, one person taking orders and the line was long. I'm sure if I went at any other time, it would be great. This location is super close to me and very convenient for us to drop in and get a meal quickly.
1	Dirty!! Smelly!!Walked in and the first thing that hit me was the smell..omg!!! Cigarette and toilet piss.. no joke i felt like I walked into a freaking smokers house . All the tables were filthy dirty. wth!! Dissatisfaction to the fullest.. I just hope the owner wakes the fuck up and turns this place around... food was good tho. Ps: no fumen en el restaurante pendejos.!!!
5	Cheap and delicious food, decently clean dining area, 24 hours, what more is there to say?
4	Not a fan of Mexican food but their CARNE ASADA FRIES is to die for! Minus the guacamole.  huge servings and really cheap.
4	It's Roberto's what can I say! You've been to one you've been to them all!! I tried something different this time & it was yummy! Though my food was cold & I had to send it back. I'm not a big Pepsi fan, wish they served Coke products. It seemed to be a steady place for a Saturday night. It's located right next to a bar called Cheers & they let you bring food inside to eat.
5	Friendlier than a lot of others :) so good n dont know how I would live without robertos near unlv thank u
5	What can I say?  If you live in Vegas and you have ever been on a bender, this is where you head afterward.  Okay, you don't have to be drinking to appreciate the food, but you probably won't be able to finish it otherwise.  Friendly staff, quick service, food is fantastic!  I love the tacos but I love love the carne asada fries.  It's like my favorite meat, my favorite vegetable and my favorite dairy products all got married.
