5	Jd told me about a new Thai/sushi spot near the Hayden rd Costco so Saturday night we decided to give it a try. I had been to the same location before when it was a bar, but I can't remember what it was called. Now it has been remodeled into a nice little restaurant serving thai and sushi favorites. There were only a few other couples there at 7pm Saturday night and plenty of open tables, but we chose to sit at the sushi bar. The chef told us that they had been open for about a a month and are owned by the same people who run Thai House around the corner next to Best Buy. So Narai is pretty much Thai House all dolled up and with a liquor license- whats not to love??  The sushi menu had several specialty rolls in addition to the typical sushi bar offerings and we decided to try a "spicy spicy roll". It was pretty good. Basically a spicy tuna roll topped with spicy crab mix and scallops-not especially spicy, but not bad.We both had to get the spicy shrimp soup (Tom yum koon?? I swear every place calls it something different!). I love it at Thai House and it was just as amazing at Narai. Big chunks of tomatoes, straw mushrooms, onions, spices and lots of shrimp all swimming in that sumptuous, spicy broth = perfection! We also ordered Drunken Noodles with chicken to share. They brought it out on two plates that were both piled so high that I thought they must have given us two orders! Nope, just one divided. It was so much food and so flippin good I was glad there was so much! The wide flat noodles were cooked perfectly and just about melted in our mouths. They were tossed with a spicy sauce, moist chunks of delicious chicken and perfectly woked  red peppers and onions. DEE-lish! We washed everything down with hot saki and coke-a-cola and chatted with our server and sushi chef until we received the bill.  Somehow our total was under $40! All that phenomenal  food, fast friendly service and low prices? Fantastic! I will be back again, and soon!*The only thing that I didn't like about the whole experience was the music. They just had a local radio station playing, complete with commercials and annoying dj talk between songs. I really hope they get Xm or at least some good mix tapes. I didnt want the music to reflect on the food or service so I didnt take off any stars. Hopefully the music will be different the next time I go because everything else was awesome!
3	Had lunch here.  There weren't many people there, but it wasn't 'OMG should I be in here" empty.Unfortunately, I did not stray too far from my norm and got yellow curry which is exactly like Thai House.  My friend got the Basil Chicken and she got it "Thai Spicy", but she said it wasn't very spicy & I believe her as I did not see any sweat...BUT, she went there yesterday and got "Thai Spicy" again and she said she thinks it's probably the spiciest thing she's eaten to date AND she claimed the same when she was eating the left overs for lunch today...The sushi looked pretty good!The decor is nice too!They have a pretty good happy hour too! Go take a look cause I really hope they do well and stick around!!!
5	This place is in the same spot as one of our old hangouts, 33 American Bistro. We loved that place and were eager to checkout a new Thai place. We brought the whole family and had a blast. I wanted to make sure the kids were able to try a ton of different things so we over-ordered big time (great leftovers). We really enjoyed everything. Soups, lots and lots of sushi & sushimi, octopus, you name it. Of course, Thai food can get a bit spicy and this place does it right. We ordered level "1" for most everything since the kids were with us, but I ordered a couple things at a "3" and I could feel it. Don't think I'm tough enough for their "5" I can tell you that. Cool, but a little strange atmosphere. Sort of a cool sushi bar / bar with a few tables on one side and an odd arrangement of tables and booths on the others (you 33 alums know what I mean). The place was sort of new and the wait staff was very, very slow as a result. I'm sure they'll have that running more smoothly next time. Enjoy!
3	Had dinner here on a Saturday night.  Other than a few people at the sushi bar, we were the only table in the restaurant (around 6pm).  Negatives: It took roughly 45 minutes for our food to arrive.  Granted, our server gave us a 15% discount for the slow kitchen service, but it was hard to see why it took so long.Positives: On the plus side, we requested our food to be "Thai Hot" and they actually made it that way. Most Thai places won't really make it that hot, but this place did.
3	3 Stars..not bad..but not great either. I would say overall the food was average. The sushi wasnt the freshest ive ever had but it def wasnt the worst. Prices are ok. I Went for lunch a couple times and spent around 10-15 bucks and that was w/drink for the higher end. Staff is nice enough but im so used to my staff being on top of everything that waiting for more than a few mins seems to long to me
4	I'll have to add a caveat in here. . . Every time I've eaten at NaRai, I've been at Peter Piper Pizza on a Tuesday evening.  The first time I was with my sister-in-law looking for any healthier alternative and just plain alternative to months of Tuesday night PPP.  We were hoping the deli would still be open, but found NaRai instead.  First thing, it is DEAD on Tuesday nights.  We weren't even sure they were serving as there was no sign of life when we walked in.  It's very pretty inside, and the staff is very friendly.  We ended up with basil chicken, green vegetable curry, and the beef salad to go.  We ordered the dishes 4 and 5 on the 1-5 hot scale.  I've been there twice since and again ordered the 5.  My 3 year old can eat the 5.  My six year old can manage a 3, and she thinks pepper is hot.We've repeatedly ordered variations of the same dishes, but they've been solid, and we've enjoyed them.  Husband, sister-in-law and I all thought the food was better than Swaddee, and we haven't had much decent Thai in AZ for a long time.  It's definitely no LOS, and doesn't compare to our good friend's mom's cooking, but then there isn't much that would!  We'll be back.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place!  We were DEFINITELY skeptical of coming here because well, it's a Thai AND Sushi restaurant.  Unless it's some sort of fusion place, we normally stay clear of restaurants that offer two different styles of food at one location (like those restaurants that serve Chinese and Mexican!)  We are SO glad we looked past our issues!We've been back three times now, and let me tell you, each time has been consistently good.  The first two times we had appetizers and sushi.  They really DO have one of the best happy hours around - half priced apps AND pints of Kirin - DRAFT (i can't remember - I believe for $3.00).  The main point being Kirin on draft!  There is such a difference between Kirin out of a bottle and fresh from a tap, and it's so awesome they have it here! Score!The appetizers were all awesome - fresh spring rolls, chicken satay, tempura - all very generous portions.  Miso soup was as it should be - comforting and light - and not too salty!  Then, we ordered our sushi.  The rolls are generous, the himachi and salmon was super fresh - and the sushi chef was super nice and accommodating.  Super creative sushi - some of which I have never seen before!   We are definite fans!The third time we came here - we were ready for some Thai!  My fiance, our friend and I ordered apps to share.  Our friend ordered the Thai Basil with shrimp - and he was crying.  He said it was super spicy but super good.  I did not try his dish but could tell by the tears falling from his face he was not joking.  My fiance and I shared the glass noodle dish. We LOVE glass noodles - and they were cooked perfectly. Not too sticky or starchy, with just the right amount of spice.The decor is truly gorgeous, and everyone is soo super nice here.  The one bad thing is that Narai is consistently empty. It is deceiving - being located in the same plaza as Four Peaks brewery when you see a ton of cars in the parking lot.  But most of the cars are for the brewery.  The restaurant has been empty everytime we've dined here - which really scares us because we'd hate to lose such a North Scottsdale gem!  I can't stomach places like Ra, or Kona Grill.  It's so refreshing to have an authentic sushi and Thai restaurant in the area!I would highly recommend trying it out!  With so much variety and such a friendly, helpful staff - you're bound to find something you like!  If not - just have a happy hour beer! ;)
3	My hair stylist recently recommended this place so I decided to give it a try during lunch. First thing on my mind was Thai-Sushi? Is that some kind of Asian fusion? Will I be the first person on the planet to try a Lemongrass Roll? No. It turns out the two cuisines are totally separate, one side of the menu is Thai and the other Japanese. Cuisines separated geographically by 2000 miles and several nations in between. It's kind of like Porsche making an SUV without first getting their feet wet with a sport wagon - odd, but I digress. Since this was a quick lunch during the work week it's only fitting to give you the executive summary in pure work week fashion... with bullet points. Pros -        Great service. Keep those diet coke refills coming! -        Great "to the point" lunch menu. After all, I had to get back to work in short order so I appreciate short lunch menus with 5-8 specials. -        Nice, contemporary, clean interior. Sometimes this can be the downfall of mom and pop places when trying to compete with chains that have full time "ambiance engineers" -        Plenty of food. For 7-9 dollars on the Thai side of the menu you get salad, soup, egg roll, rice and the main course. The sushi side was a bit more for most options, but not by much. Cons -        The food could have been better. My brown rice was slightly waterlogged (too plump/moist), and the Pad Thai was a little too greasy. For the price however I really can't complain. -        No fortune cookies with the bill! Blasphemy! My dogs will be very disappointed. Maybe they should make it a Thai - Sushi - Chinese place so I can get my fortune cookie.   In short, I would go back again, this time to try the Sushi side of the menu because if they get that right, I will most likely become a regular.
5	This place is FANTASTIC. Tonight my girlfriend and I are going back to eat here tonight. BEST Vegas roll I've ever eaten, and the cheapest! DEFINITELY go here! Friendly service, but very barren. Fill this place up so it will stay around!
5	This was an unexpected surprise coming from my eleven year old daughter requesting to eat here.  Several days earlier I was online reading the menu and mentioned out loud some entrees offered. Little did I know she heard me and before I knew it we were eating lunch (served until 3:00pm, closed all day Sunday) at a great Thai/Japanese restaurant.  A kids menu (12 and under for $5.95) is available and she ordered the sweet and sour chicken with fluffy fried rice. She devoured every piece of chicken and grain of rice!  I ordered Teriyaki Chicken from the Japanese Lunch combination menu. All adult entrees include Miso Soup, Green Salad and choice of rice. My entree included four pieces of California Roll and all I can say is the rolls were fresh and tasty...the best I've had in the Metropolitan Phoenix area. My daughter loved the California Rolls too which says alot coming from a child.  My chicken was tender and cooked with just enough teriyaki sauce...not to sweet.  Fried rice is my favorite and was just so fluffy and flavorful I couldn't put my fork down.  The menu offers a wide variety of entrees, specials and Japanese rolls to please any age palate.  Oh, by the way, if you've never tried "Larb" (listed on the menu under Salads) I highly recommend you do.  I've been eating this salad as an appetizer (most likely will serve four diners) for the past twenty years throughout the United States...other Thai restaurants will list this salad as "Lahb". It is such a unique flavored dish. Go ahead, be a little bit daring and try it.  Na Rai is head to head with another Thai restaurant we love and a thumbs up on our palates!
3	Sister of Thai House. Nothing better or worse.
5	Beautiful decor, excellent service, amazing food and great happy hour specials. Met up with a couple girlfriends for happy hour, ordered lots of appetizers - calamari, pot stickers, lots of sushi, drinks, and our bill was $62.Couldn't ask for more - we'll definitely be back.
4	We love NaRai! The duck curry is sooo yummy; I've also been ordering the combo fried rice - delicious! Great sushi rolls, too. Sapporo on tap. Very reasonably priced. This has historically been a tough restaurant location - don't know why - right next to Big City Bagels and easy access. Ther have been some great attempts in the past; this is the best yet. But to make it; they're going to need customers! We drive down from CC and it's worth it. You should, too!
5	Looked this place up on Yelp.  My boys and I are so happy we tried it.Great, friendly service and the food was fab!  I liked that we could order sushi, soups ( miso and wonton ) and tasty currys!  My sons loved the food too.  My 8 year old ordered from the kids menu and the portion was grown-man-size! Looks like this might be our new favourite sushi place on this side of town!  The chef did a beautiful job!
5	After disappointment with the noise level at Stingray,  the mediocre food at Ra, and the drinking crowd at Kona Grille, we decided to try a new Sushi place.  We ate here early on a Monday evening; a convenient location and no wait.  The place is decorated very nicely, but the emptiness was a little unsettling.  Now I'm hoping to spread the word, because this place is excellent!  The 1/2 priced appetizers are plentiful enough for sharing, there's a good variety of sushi rolls from which to choose on the happy hour menu, and 3 of us ate till we were stuffed for under $30.00 (we ordered 2 non-alcoholic drinks).  Great value, clean, excellent service, we just can't say enough--go here!!
4	I too was skeptical of Narai given the Thai + sushi thing but was so glad I got over it. great happy hour, fresh sushi, Kirin on draft, and enthusiastic, attentive service all around. happy to have a nice neighborhood sushi place. we'll be back often.
4	After a great first visit several months ago, we've been back to Narai a few times, both with the kids and without. Unfortunately, they haven't been able to live up to that first experience. The service has really went downhill a bit -- but it seems like that's true most places these days. Food was still very good, but I would suggest sitting indoors if you prefer better attention.
4	Lunch menu here is great!  You can get a good Thai lunch for $7.95 plus tip.  Lunch includes egg drop soup, salad, egg roll, rice (brown, jasmine, or fried at no additional cost), and entree.i am a huge Thai curry fan so I have tried both the yellow and the red curry and both were amazing.  Like other Thai places, spicy is rated on 0-5 scale.  However, they also have what they call "Thai Spicy" which goes up to 100 and is no joke, hot as hell.If you aren't a fan of the smell of fish, ask to be seated on the right side of the restaurant or on the patio and the smell won't reach you.  The wait staff has always been ok with this request.The food is very good and reasonably priced.  I say this one is worth a try if you are in the area and want something other than The Thai House.
4	I was skeptical to try another Thai place in Scottsdale as I've been disappointed many times before. I can only review the Thai portion of Narai because we didn't order any Sushi. Anyway, I am so glad we tried this place! We always start of with the Tom Yum Goong soup which is delicious. Pad Thai is great. Beef and Basil is flavorful and tender. Duck Pineapple curry is YUM! And if you like spicy, this place knows how to represent the true spiciness of Thai food. Of course you can order it mild or medium based on their 1-5 spicy rating. I have eaten their 3 times for dinner (once was take out) and each time has been consistently good. Portions are also generous. Service is extremely friendly. Although the restaurant has not ever seemed really busy, I really hope it sticks around so I can continue to get my convenient Thai fix. Good Thai food in Scottsdale, believe it!
4	I tried Narai when my family was in town; everyone enjoyed their meal. They have a wide variety of Thai food and sushi and a full bar. Our servers were very attentive. I had the tofu pad thai with medium spice (which is still pretty spicy). It had a nice flavor to it. and enough of a portion to take leftovers home for lunch. My sister really enjoyed her papaya salad and thai soup and my parents liked the cashew chicken - the sauce had a great flavor. There aren't a ton of Thai restaurants in North Scottsdale... I'd say this one is a very solid pick.
1	Got food poisoning last wednesday from the red curry beef, sick for 36 hours.
5	From the moment we walked in the door we were treated like celebrities. I wish I was one after leaving here! The food was some of the best Thai we've ever had, and I live in Chicago and have tasted dishes more than a dozen different authentic Thai restaurants. We never were without a glass of water or a full glass of wine. I wish I lived here so I could make this a regular stop during my weekly Thai and Sushi cravings. The Tilapia was out of this world - topped off with a delicious medley of mint, onions and lemon leaves. I highly recommend the Spring Rolls - very fresh and tasty! Give this place a try - you won't be disappointed.
4	Came here for lunch with my coworkers and I have to say that I am very impressed with the service here! The waiters were so attentive, always checking in and refilling our drinks, which was nice. My coworkers had the japanese lunch specials, which for $8 you get miso soup, salad, choice of rice, entree and 4 california rolls--great deal! I got the spicy tuna rolls and shrimp tempura rolls and I thought it was very good. I'm nosey when it comes to what other tables eat, seems like a lot of people get the thai lunch specials which looked very tasty.It was also a nice day out, so we sat on the patio and surprisingly, it's not too noisy at all. My boss (who is friends with one of the chefs) also mentioned it was my birthday, and our waiter comped green tea ice cream for each person at our table! I really like their service here :)
4	I have only been here for Happy Hour and they do a good job. Lots of drink specials and food specials. Worth it to try it out.
5	It's been about a year since I visited here, but I have a bone to pick with them. Ever since I tried their Hot Night sushi on a trip out here to visit with friends, I have been addicted to fusion sushi.  I've been out here in Philadelphia trying like crazy to find a roll that tops it.  It's been over a year, and I can't.  This place is the best and I hope to return someday.  Great service too.
5	Went again for our weekly NaRai 'fix'....Tried 'FANTASTIC ROLLS" which were clearly named by the first person to try 'em. Outstanding. LOVE this place.
5	We tried this place after our Thai foreign exchange student suggested it and we are now regulars!  We have loved everything we've tried there so far which includes several appetizers, spicy basil, pad thai, all kinds of sushi, and the tuna tataki salad.  Great service and prices!  We love it!
5	love it!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Hey fellow Yelpers if your in the Hayden/Scottsdale area and you like Thai food or are looking for some good sushi give Narai a shot.  I went here for the first time last night and found the food to be really good, the service excellent, and the atmosphere inviting.  The Panang Curry was delicious and tasted like I expected it to.  The Kiss of Fire appetizers (fried jalapenos stuffed with spicy tuna and cream cheese) are addicting!Overall nothing to complain about.  Will definitely return!
5	amazing!!lunch special was very reasonable and the food was great!! maybe one of the best pad thai i have ever had. the chicken curry is very good to very thick great flavor!!
2	This review is based on the sushi portion of this restaurant so perhaps I would need to update this review if I ever return to Narai for the Thai portion of their menu, although, that will be highly doubtful as I interpret skunky, fishy tasting sushi to be indicative of the overall quality of everything that the restaurant serves.We arrived at least ten minutes prior to the end of happy hour and ordered drinks.  I ordered a specialty martini which was supposed to be one of their signature drinks despite the fact that there was no one on staff who actually knew how to make it.  Due to the delay in making the drink, and therefore, the delay in ringing in the drink order, happy hour had ended and I was charged full price for my drink.  Strike one, but still looking forward to the food.  We attempted to ask for a vegetarian version of the spring rolls which are served fresh in rice paper and not fried.  The waitress told us that everything is pre-made and they could not make any that didn't already have the shrimp in them.  Okay, now that's just a bad sign.  Putting raw shrimp in with veggies and leaving it to sit?  That's a case of food poisoning just waiting to happen.  We obviously passed on the spring rolls and ordered some sushi, all of which was not in the slightest bit fresh and tasted very fishy.  We lucked out with the fact that they actually forgot to make one of the rolls and requested that they not fix the error and rather, simply bring us the check.  We left feeling rather nauseated by the whole experience and I can't think of any crazy, cataclysmic circumstances that would actually bring me back through the doors to try a second experience here.
5	So yummy! Strange combination but great place
3	This place is solid. Nice decor/feel, except it was a bit empty during weekday happy hour after work, and the bathroom has that terrible fake gold paint that seems like it was slapped up in the dark. The food was solid. I had some sushi that wasn't the freshest but I guess I'd give it another try. My fiance had the thai pepper beef. The flavors on his were excellent, even the rice itself was tasty and well-cooked, but the beef was a bit thin and overcooked.Overall, I may go back because I work in the area, but perhaps should try a time when they are a bit busier and the food might be fresher.
4	pretty good happy hour menu.  ordered the edamame, spicy tuna, tempura roll, 2 beers, 15 piece sashimi, unagi, philly roll,  kiss of fire and ice cream for $65.  the service was good and there were tvs to keep you busy.  would go back.
4	I liked their original little place on the other side of the shopping plaza just fine, but this is even better. Great decor, amazing food and very reasonable pricing. Put this one on your list.
4	We were spoiled by an amazing Thai place very close to our last home out East, but Na Rai is good and we go back for our regular Thai fix now.  Mostly we do takeout, but the service is generally very attentive. The sushi is pretty good, but we typically might only order a roll as an app, not typically the main course.  Food is good, although a bit salty at times. Give it a shot.
5	Go here! great value and amazing food! Doesn't look like much from the outside- but give it a chance and come on in! Fantastic lunch specials- Pad Thai is out of this world!! The curry is also not to be missed. Service has been sluggish from time to time- but that's not going to keep me away!!! ENJOY!
3	Ate their for lunch, around 11 or so.  Was still a little slow at the time, music was too loud for the current crowd.I had the chicken and snow pea dish while the rest of my party enjoyed sushi.  There were no complaints, my dish was quite tasty.  I would go back.
5	Oh my this is such a great little hidden gem of a place!! We came here today to enjoy their happy hour, we are always looking for good little happy hour spots to renew ourselves after not so joyous days, Woo-hoo!! :) Boy it WAS definitely Feliz (Happy) hour for us!!! :)        The mojitos were oh so Delicious and just $7/each. While the Cali and spicy tuna rolls were just $3.95/each!!!  Talk about YAY and WOW!!! But wait there is more, they also offer scrumptious shrimp tempura rolls for just $5.95, What a steal right??      WHY ask for more!! Well, okay we did too, so we had the Pad Thai, which was great with a load of yummy flavorful noodles and chicken along with a small portion of veggies, we also ordered their Chicken Yellow Curry, that was rich and creamy and ever so satisfying!!      This place is soooo AWESOME that they even have a scale of hotness for their plates 1-5, 5 being the hottest, PLUS for those whom prefer their food super hot and spicy they also have the Thai 7, which is their absolute hottest. I myself settled for a 4, and that surprisingly was hot enough, yet edible and just right for me!!  Even after consuming all of our food that we knew and felt was colossal, we experienced a HAPPY FULL and not a GREASY FATTY FULL. Finally, we had a great time and the service was FANTASTIC as well as the food!! We truly enjoyed ourselves here, the vibe was just right and the people there were ever so nice. You deserve a High-five!!                    - Narai, you will be seeing our hungry faces more often!!                                                 Thank you new friends!!! :)
4	Came here for lunch right at opening at noon on a Saturday with wife and daughter. Large, spacious booths and nice atmosphere were the first impressions I had.  My wife was in the mood for sushi and I was craving Thai... The menu had ample choices of both.  I ordered the drunken noodles with chicken and my wife had the rainbow roll and the crunchy California roll.  Everything was delicious, including the Thai iced tea, but the only bone I have to pick was the tuna sashimi I ordered for an appetizer. It was $9.95 and literally was 4 slices about 1x3 inch pieces- far from worth the price and not the best sashimi grade fish I've had. Otherwise for the two of us lunch was $50 with tip- kinda pricey but the servings were decently large and food was excellent quality.
5	The sushi was above average, but the service was amazing.
4	My go to place for Asian food for when I'm at work. Their lunch combinations are the best bet for people who want a lot of food at a decent price. You order an entree and each combo comes with egg soup, green salad, an egg roll, and your choice of rice (Jasmine, Brown, or Fried) for around 9 dollars (a lot more variety than the entrees at Pei Wei).My favorite dishes to order for lunch are the Pad Thai with Chicken or the Mixed Vegtables with tofu. Unlike other Asian restaturants, I feel they don't cheat you with the food (skimping on the meat or tofu). I usually order carry out and they're realitively quick (only 10-15 minutes wait). I've also dined-in during lunch (their busiest hours), and they do a great job of getting customers in and out without sacrificing their quality of food.
5	They have the BEST yellow curry chicken and they give you HUGE portions!!  So you have 2 meals in 1!!  My favorite!!
4	I stopped by with a friend for happy hour and ordered a spicy tuna roll, a Philly roll, edamame, and spring rolls. Our bill was only $15! The service was 5 stars. We sat at the bar and the sushi chef was always checking in on us and was such a sweetheart! I wasn't impressed with the sushi but my friend Danielle raved about it! For $3 a roll you really can't complain. The happy hour specials here are ridiculously cheap. I would eat here all the time if I lived in the area.
5	I've been to this place a few times now on my lunch break and I love it. I just moved to Phoenix from Seattle and I'm missing my delicious Asian food a lot. Thankfully this restaurant is right near my work so I stop by here often. The Thai food is AMAZING, and the lunch deals are great. I plan on bringing my friends here in the future! Try the Thai iced tea, one of my favorite beverages and can make any day better.
2	I must  have been in a funky mood. Maybe I shouldn't have mixed sushi and Thai food together. Because I didn't think the food is so wonderful today. The beef salad is probably the best dish I have.  The lemongrass chicken is bland.
3	I've gone a few more times since my first review, but mostly when I'm in the area and can't think of somewhere else to go. The pad thai and pepper beef are tasty enough if a bit dried out and greasy, but the service and atmosphere are rough around the edges. I've only gone for weekday & weekend lunch and weekday dinner, but every time I go the place is mostly empty yet the server takes forever/messes something up/barely stops by the table. I'm typically someone who will like a place for the food despite the decor/service if it's good enough. So what does it mean that I want to tell you that the bathroom is done in super gaudy gold sponge paint and makes me feel icky? I think you catch my drift.
5	We love NaRai Thai and Sushi.  Great happy hour prices.   Friendly service.  I enjoy the Panang chicken or beef it is my personal favorite and their Lychee Martini.  If you like it hot go for level 5.  Which personally I like it hotter ask for the (Prik Nam Pla) it is a Thai sauce to add for a salty spicy kick.  My  husband enjoys the sushi and Pad Thai chicken.   You won't be disappointed.
4	yummy! i had the yellow chicken curry lunch special, level 3 heat. not spicy at all so next time i'll try it at 4. it came with egg drop soup which was mediocre after adding soy sauce(so i guess it was only good after adding something to make it taste like something else therefore skip the soup), a salad, plus the entree and choice of rice. it was pretty inexpensive, like just under $9. good deal. it was tasty, fast, and clean. i'll be back!
4	Good lunch. Panang and Pad Thai are my favs. Was disappointed to learn they took off the spring rolls but the salad and soup are decent enough.
2	Bland pad see yew and blander pad thai. Tom yum soup was flavorful - as one should expect from ALL Thai dishes. Pad thai is supposed to be a sort of celebration, with all kinds of colorful, abundant ingredients. Instead, ours was a giant (3 meals worth), not very appetizing pile of rice noodles in an oily-tasting, bland blend of spices with very few veggies and tasty chicken. The spices were obviously not freshly ground.Service was lackadaisical and this made us feel unimportant. This restaurant is noisy, but not because it was crowded. Loud-and-so-very-annoying music plays while two stupid teevee screens inject Programming into patrons'  craniums, thus generating further cravings in the droned populace. The interior is dark, cold, hard surfaces - not at all relaxing.I will not be back. Malee's in Old Town Scottsdale continues to be my favorite Thai.
5	Love this place, the sushi is fantastic, atmosphere is great, and the service gets the job done.  Definitely worth visiting.
5	Great service, great food. We stopped here late on a wednesday night. We were concerned they were going to close, but the hostess welcomed us and said no, we are still open until 9:30 (it was 9). I was hanging on Dave's coat tails on tthis one; 1st, I am a newbie to sushi and just now discovering what I like and don't like. He ordered us a couple of pieces of sushi, which I thought were good. However, then he ordered us Pad Thai with tofu. TOFU...are you kidding me? I am not a fan; but I decided that I would try it, and it was so good! I could not believe the flavor of the noodles and the TOFU...I loved it! Given that it was my first time trying Pad Thai, I might not be the expert, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.The service was great, they were patient and not pushy at all, even though we didn't leave until a few minutes after closing. They even gave us a sample of their green tea. It was sweet, but that was right up my ally, and I enjoyed that as well. I am sure we will be giving this place another try!
4	We go here quite often because A) The lady likes Thai, B) The boy likes Sushi and C) Neither like the other.  The sushi is actually pretty good, but the Thai is the bomb diggity!!   Only once did we have shitty lunch time service.  We have only been for lunch since we work in the Airpark.  You can't beat it.  It is definitely worth the trip.  Lady says it's the best Thai Chicken Basil and Pad Thai she has ever had.  They have daily lunch specials which are cheap.  Also daily happy hour and the likes.I gave it a 4 only because I am a hard ass.  5 stars has to earn it for me and will be impeccable.
3	Generous portions and extremely attentive staff.Stopped in for lunch and was impressed by the number of specials and the reasonable prices.The food was decent.  I had tempura veggies & shrimp with a California roll.  The tempura was slightly thicker than I'm accustomed to but it had an ok flavor.  The entree was preceded by a salad with ginger dressing and a bowl of miso.  I thought both were ok.  While not the best I've had, I would return to Narai.  It's a quick and convenient lunch spot.
4	What I thought was going to end up poorly, finished with a delicious boom. Visiting from Oregon we decided we were in much need for a takeout Thai dinner. On initial call, we were asked to hold, heard the phone laid down on the counter, and never returned to. Strike 1.  We still decided to go and place the order in the restaurant. The location was not busy but we still stood at the front, waiting for some acknowledgement for about 5 minutes. Strike 2...The redeeming qualities came when we were finally seen. The server was very friendly and engaged in silly banter. The amount of food received was incredible. The Chicken Yellow Curry (my go-to dish at new Thai restaurants) was very delicious and everyone was very pleased with their choices. I think we had yummy leftovers for 2 more meals. Overall, this was a very solid choice for a meal.
4	This place is so unassuming especially for Scottsdale!  We decided to pop in and give it a try...  We are thrilled that we did.  From the moment we walked in we were pleasantly surprised.  The entire staff from the hostess, waitress, sushi chef, etc. ensured that the service was excellent.  The food is delicious and the portions are very generous.  I enjoyed a nice Thai curry dish while my better half enjoyed sushi.  Unless you enjoy the glitzy Scottsdale fanfare, this place is to add to your must try and enjoy list.  We will definitely be back sooner than later and often.
2	I can only really rate on the sushi, because that's what I had ordered. If there is awesome thai food here, I wouldn't know and can't judge on that.Sadly, the sushi sucked. I could chalk it up to the fact that much like Blue Wasabi perhaps if I drank more it might've made everything taste better. Unfortunately, I'm not about to become a lush just so I can enjoy food. It is just a waste on both ends of the spectrum. The first waitress was knowledgeable, that was good. The second that had attended to my table after, knew absolutely nothing. The spring rolls aren't really spring rolls without actual pieces of either meat or some kind of discern-able fish. The sauce was not even true peanut sauce which is kind of appalling for thinking that there was thai food at the restaurant that I did not try and definitely did not want to touch after all that. A mix between what seemed like a basic sauce for egg rolls in a vietnamese restaurant minus the sweet and chili that make it good and add some peanut chunks does not make it good. When questioned about the lack of anything distinctive on the plate, the waitress mentioned "the shrimp is very thinly sliced."So, essentially you're trying to tell me its a hint of shrimp. And that I'm being jipped by you guys. Ah, it explains why there's not a damn person in here. Gotcha.Anyway, thankfully I didn't order that. My unfortunate friend did. Don't worry, I'm getting to my own set of disappointments with the food.I had order two rolls, the names of which escape me but I know they were two of the bottom four. I've since been spending time out of my day just to forget I had even existed within the same space honestly. One was like the phoenix, or the godzilla, some kinda fried thing. And another was supposed to be spicy but was not. In any case, meh. Flavor profiles weren't on point, the fish wasn't good, and it costs more than better places. Meh.I give this place a two because unfortunately I've had worse. All in all a bust.Thankfully much like a I say about a lot of these places, I'll never come here again.
3	Good happy hour. Sushi is okay.
2	I love Thai food, and I wanted to like this place since its so convenient, but after three bad meals I just can't give it a good review.  The service has been a mixed bag, but ultimately it's just the food. I don't really understand all the great reviews, the best things I've had were just okay, and tonight I tried the pineapple chicken Chef's special and it was awful - overly sweet sauce, and the meat was try and seemed old. The papaya salad, which I get with every Thai meal I eat, was disappointing again - soggy and not fresh tasting. I'm giving up on this place.
3	I'm forever attempting to satiate my incredible need for Pad Thai. Enter Narai Thai + Sushi. My normal place, Thai House, is closed on Sunday, but luckily for me Narai is open! Their Pad Thai is about two dollars more expensive than Thai House, but money means nothing to a person jonesing for a fix. When I go to pick up my food, (I like to stuff my face in the privacy of my own home), I struck up a conversation with the waiter. I told him this was my first time at Narai and was excited to have their Pad Thai. He told me they are owned by my Thai House around the corner, so the food was made just the same. Neat.Except not really. It was super greasy and the portion wasnt as large. And it was two dollars more expensive. Narai will be my option only if Thai House or Malee's somehow fall off the face of the earth.
4	Best Panang I've had in Scottsdale so far!  They are a little difficult to find if you haven't been there before but it's worth checking out.  Their sushi isn't terrible but I don't come here specifically for sushi.  I've taken many friends here and they all love it... it's definitely a step above a lot of the other thai restaurants in the area.
4	I'm a huge fan of thai food. I ordered the pad thai and red curry with chicken for take out. The portions were huge, I was able to get an extra box of rice for free. I easily had enough leftovers for 2-3 meals. The pad thai was delicious, not too oily and good amount of heat--just the way I like it! The chicken in the red curry was soft and not chewy, the curry had a excellent flavor and wasnt watered down like other red curry's I've had. Will def have to comeback here when I need to get my thai fix on!
4	We dropped in to grab a quick dinner on a Sunday and found out it was happy hour from 4-7 every day! The atmosphere was great, service was friendly and quick. I checked out the happy hour menu and the prices were awesome. Now, the food. Delicious. On par with any other sushi we've had in the area. Highly recommend it!
4	By far my favorite restaurant we ate at in Scottsdale! Had this my first night in and every part of my dinner was glorious. We ordered the Tokyo Tea for each person at the table and they are DEADLY but delicious.Starters included several different sushi rolls, edamame, pot stickers, and sea weed salad. All were very good, but I didn't eat any edamame. For dinner we decided to all order something different but share. It seemed simpler as it's hard to plan out meals when there are 6 people eating. We had three different curry dishes, as well as sushi platters. I have never been in a state of happiness quite like this.The price was right, the food was amazing, though I might add that the service is very slow. Be prepared to sit at your table for upwards of an hour just for a meal.
5	Some of the best Thai and Sushi we have ever had.  Very delicious.  Employees are friendly and accommodating.  The place looks clean and fresh always.  I highly recommend it, it is a gem slightly hidden away.
3	Fun mix of Japanese and Thai food in the same restaurant. Place is a little small on the inside but has seating outside as well. Pleasant atmosphere. Always clean and tidy each time we come to visit.I've been here a few different times and the food is A-OK. We always start with the Mixed Tempura or just have them do Broccoli. Tried the Houston Sushi Roll with eel sauce that we shared and than some Pad Thai. Drunken Noodle with Beef for yours truly. Lunch Specials are a pretty good value also. Comes with Egg drop Soup, a small Salad and a choice off the lunch portion menu. Flavors are on the some what flat side for my taste. Would like to see some of the flavor profiles pop a little more in a all around way. Ask for the their condiment (pepper, vinegar, fish sauce) thingy tray for an extra kick.Service can be somewhat disappointing. How hard can it be? Just follow the customer's instructions or request. I like really spicy. With 5 being the spiciest setting for hot, I said 6 or higher please. My guitar amp goes to 11. But not one bead of sweat off my forehead. When I asked to get the starter first and then the entree they both come out at the same time. I felt like they were in more of a hurry for my yellow curry than me. Then when I am ready to complete the transaction they are not to be seen or found. Taking the money should be the easiest part. Hmm ... Ninjas anyone?
5	Legit Thai in Arizona. Great, friendly service. Good sushi.This one definitely warrants repeat business.
4	This is honestly one of my favorite sushi restaurants; it's come to be my go-to sushi place for reliable and delicious sushi. I honestly can't speak too much on the full menu as I usually stick to the sushi, but I can start by saying the appetizers and terrific; I recommend the egg rolls.It may seem strange to go to a Thai restaurant for sushi, but I promise it is great. My favorite is their Dragon Roll, highly recommended. If you are looking for great sushi in Scottsdale that isn't crazy over-priced or over-embellished, check this place out, it's a must. Also recommend the sake bombs!
5	I came back to Scottsdale on business, and I came back here because I remembered them so fondly on my last trip.  I had to make a return trip.  I'm so happy that they haven't changed.  From the Dragon roll, to the Phoenix roll, to my classic favorite the Hot Night roll, I'm just in love with this place when it comes to sushi.  This place got me into the whole fusion sushi scene to begin with.  Before I came here for the first time three years ago, I was a straight up basic roll kind of guy.  I didn't eat anything more creative than tuna roll.  After eating here, I started eating the more creative stuff.  Plus, that chicken coconut soup is incredible, and the mango sticky rice for dessert... man, I can't even describe that taste without doing it proper justice.  It's addictively good.  You know how much I love this place?  I don't even want to dock them for making a mistake on our order.  We ordered a few sushi rolls, and then ordered some shrimp tempura.  The waitress misunderstood, and out came a shrimp tempura sushi roll instead.  Well, we decided to eat that anyway since it was there.  And it was wonderful.  Never before did a mistake taste so good.  I'll be back again next time I'm in town
3	This was my second visit and my last.  I'm a die hard lover of sushi and all things Thai and man oh man when you get a bad serving of either one of those, you will never return and that is what happened on this occasion.  The sushi just didn't sit right and that's not ever a good thing.Overall, on my prior visit the food and service was good but unfortunately this time, it was not and I can't see spending a good penny on something that is only 50/50.
2	Super average Sushi, nothing special, I was expecting much more. just another place.
5	I can only rate their Thai lunch to go. We've picked up lunch from here half a dozen times and it's always spot on. I've requested substitutions, always called during their lunch rush and ordered at least two different entrees. The spiciness level is accurate, the vegetables are cooked perfectly, there is always a large portion of food and it's always tasty. They do the little things that makes a difference like taping down the lid to my soup so it doesn't end up all over my car and having it ready every time I show up. This will continue to be a staple for our lunch time cravings.
4	Lunch time and craving Thai food but wanting to try something different... to Yelp! I found this gem was both nearby work and had great reviews on Yelp. They do both Thai food and sushi - kind of an odd mix but whatever works. From the outside, it doesn't look like much. Once inside, the space is rather large and broken up into multiple sections - sushi bar, dining tables, and booths. It is very nicely decorated in hues of brown and gold. The light fixtures and such seemed modern as well. We arrived a little after 11am, which is when they open. There were only one or two other groups in the restaurant which was nice because as our lunch progressed, it started filling up quick. We ordered off the Thai lunch specials. I ordered Pad Thai and my husband ordered Chicken Curry. With lunch, you get soup, salad, and a side of rice (jasmine, brown, or fried). The egg drop soup was delicious! I really enjoyed it. The salad was good - just your average salad with lettuce, carrot and tomato. With my Pad Thai I got the fried rice, which was simple but good. My Pad Thai was okay. I've had better, but the experience and everything was really good, so I'd definitely come back and try other lunch menu items. With my lunch I ordered a Thai iced tea - it was really good. Even my husband had to steal half. Overall, it was a great experience. There were plenty of wait staff delivering food, filling up drinks, and all worked really well as a team. We'll definitely be back for lunch and will have to check out their happy hour.
5	Great tasting Thai food, reasonably priced. I've been having food here pretty regularly for more than 2 years and never been disappointed. No complains on service
5	Drunkin chicken is awesome
3	We hadn't been here in quite awhile. Food was ok but service was a little rough. Still a decent priced happy hour menu but not else going on.
1	First and last time ordering from this dump. I live nearby and thought I'd give the place a try and get a carry out order. Ordered the Egg rolls, 4 per order. just ok, nothing to write home about. Also Ordered the Chicken fried rice, and 3 different entrees of chicken, The Teriyaki, Lemon Grass, and Garlic and pepper. I actually had to look at the Lids of each carry out order to see what I was eating because they all looked and tasted the same. None of them came stir fried with any vegetables, just plain strips of dried chicken in their so-called sauce. Absolutely Horrible and bland. Im not sure what the other reviewers were eating, but don't believe them.
4	The food is always consistent but getting them to answer their phone to place a to-go order is a nightmare! On multiple occasions we've ended up placing an order elsewhere since they either don't answer or they put you on hold and never come back.
4	I had the Tom Yum soup (spicy shrimp) and the Galaxy rolls.  Soup was very small for the price- about $6.  I would say spend $6 on something other than soup- not worth the money.  It was ginger overload but very good.  I wanted to try special sushi and got the Galaxy.  The sushi was very good and I was not disappointed.  I won't be getting the soup and will probably try the Pad Thai next time.  Overall, the food was good.  I am very picky on sushi and this was an ok pick.
4	We love this place! As a warning the wait staff is not the best, this is why we always try to sit at the sushi bar. They are much more attentive than the ladies that do the serving. Also it is a bit confusing on who your waitress is because there are several different people filling drinks. But if you are patient and do not mind the service, the food is excellent. They also have great happy hours every day on sushi, appetizers and drinks. Fresh ginger as well!!
5	I almost didn't want to write this review (because they are so good, I wanted to keep it secret! :P)We have been here 3 times and have loved it every single time! The service is always great. The servers are very polite and make you feel comfortable. The booths are comfortable (or if a booth is not your thing, they have a sushi bar you can sit at). We used to come to this place years ago when it was Muse lounge and the current owners have put alot of money into the decor and it shows-it's fun without being over the top tacky. They have happy hour everyday from 4-7pm so we try and take advantage of it. Some of the happy hour food items are edamame for $1, tempura roll for $5.50, spicy tuna or spicy salmon roll for $3.50 each (this is just a few of the happy hour food items). My favorite dish is the tempura ramen-the broth is really flavorful and comforting and they do a FABULOUS job on their tempura (not too greasy or too heavily breaded.) I have also tried their sashimi platter and was super happy with it! they give you wonderful large slices of sashimi that taste really fresh. We usually get the same servers each time we come in and they work really hard to make sure you have a fun and yummy experience and I LOVE that they are always all smiles :) If you haven't tried this place, take some time to visit. I think you will be hooked after one meal here!PS-FREE WIFI!
5	Among the hidden gems of sushi & fresh Thai food Narai is ranked top on my list. From the friendly courteous servers (Katelyn) to the delicious food that never let's me down. If you're in the market for something new, then id point to Narai.
4	This is a great little place! I used to go here all the time when I lived up in North Scottsdale for happy hour but I found myself here last night and remembered how much I liked it. I had the pad Thai with beef and it was really good. You can choose your level (scale of 1 to 5) of spiciness which is nice. I'm sort of a wuss when it comes to spicy food. I like it but my palette is a bit sensitive so I went with a 2 and it was just spicy enough to give you that extra kick without having to chug 3 glasses of water...I only needed one! Just kidding; no water needed; it was great! :-)
4	Ordered a take-out  of  spring rolls, coconut soup, papaya salad, and green curry with chicken. Each item was delicious, fresh, and a great combination of flavors. A wonderful feast!
5	We were craving Thai and decided to give this place a try and WOW such good food! My husband and I stuffed ourselves until we were sick because every bite was so good. I had the red curry which was excellent and he had the duck and pineapple dish. You will not be disappointed with this place!
4	Good Pad Thai.  Not very greasy. It is largest enough to split into 2 meals as well if you get it to go!! Spring rolls are very good as well.
3	Went during happy hour on a Sunday, not busy. Service was very slow in my opinion. Ordered - Wonton Soup, Pad Thai, and Drunken Noodles. All was very good and the portion sizes were big. I thought spicy level 3 was pretty dang spicy. Everything was great but the service just needs to step it up to make it a 5 star.
1	Worst service! Will never go back. It is too bad because the food  is decent. Our waitress was a total moron and never put in a bunch of rolls we ordered!
1	Horrid place for sushi. Especially Sashimi. It was not quality.  My husband and I arrived about 230 on a Friday afternoon.  The weather was beautiful. We sat outside. We waited for a long while for service. The boys serving were busy relaxing and not ready to serve.  There were two tables with people finishing up.  No patrons were inside.  The sashimi came on a warm plate. Some of the fish was icy cold (tuna) but rest was almost warm.  It seemed as if the sashimi was already cut and prepared before hand.  The cold sake on draft was okay.  We will not go back again. They may be popular for Thai. We did not have that.
3	They have closed their doors permanently, says a sign in the front door.  We were disappointed not to get to try the food here.
1	I referred my parents to this place. They were left with no food for over 45 minutes (no apps, no entrees) and the place was dead. When they asked them for an update on their food, the server copped an attitude with them as if they were lucky to even be dining there. I insisted to them that it must have just been an off night. They tried to eat here again the next week and got the same results. No food for an extended period of time, same attitude when they asked for an update. Food is always good but the service is unpredictable and not worth the trouble of dealing with incompetent service. I'm horribly embarrassed that this happened to my folks TWICE after I told them how great this place was. Try at your own risk, hope you like waiting!
