4	Nestled lovingly between Stinkweeds Record Exchange and Halo Precision Piercing, you'll find Frances. Who is Frances? Frances is actually a "what"; a boutique offering a diverse selection of apparel for women and babies (and a few things for the guys too), greeting cards, shoes, vintage clothing, jewelry, t-shirts and many more little treasures that I am not allowed to disclose here legally (OK I lied, I just can't remember everything I saw).When I first entered, the shelf to my immediate left caught my attention. I am a sucker for Japanese pop culture and it was full of some of the strangest little items. The side of a refrigerator full of uncommon sodas was the home to many strange little magnets and stickers from Japan. There was more to this boutique then what I saw in my first 2 steps in, so let's continue.Without going into too much detail (because with the variety of items to choose from I easily could), there is something for everyone to be found at Frances. From clothing and artwork to decorative garden supplies and candles, Frances is definitely worth a visit. It was recently voted New Times Best of Phoenix "Best New Boutique".
4	I finally made it here before closing time!  I know 6pm is better than 5pm, but it's still a tough call when you work on the other side of the universe (That's universe of Phoenix by the way.  Like the stadium.)  It was so worth the trip.  And I am sure I'll be making the drive again.  In answering Curtis' "Who is Frances? Question - the shop is actually named for the grandmother of the owner.  And that tells you a bit about the place.  Somewhere your grandmother would think was so "fun" and you could get gifts for her - BUT you could also get some really cool things for yourself.  Notebooks, address books, some awesome greeting cards for any occasion (They had a handmade looking one just for the occasion when a pet cat died.) are all right near the front.  As you go a bit further you get into some fun and funky jewelry and then clothing.  In the other room they have their baby section in the front and then their vintage clothing in the back.  The vintage stuff seems to be of 2 minds - Cocktail/house dresses for women, cowboy styled shirts for guys.  And some T-shirts w/ funny sayings/logos that are older, but not necessarily "vintage".  As much as I love vintage stuff - this wasn't the best collection.  Fun to look at, but nothing super special.  I think the area where I'll do most of my purchasing is her selection of fun and funky magnets and cool Japanese pop culture magnets/key-chains/doo-dads.  Totally perfect for fun little gifts for folks who say "don't get me anything" or already have everything.  And their fun soda section was cool.  Right next to their Moxie cola they had Dr. Pepper in a glass bottle which I hadn't seen before. Great place to shop for yourself or friends.  Just about any friends really. Very cute and comfortable place to shop and look.  I'm sure her grandmother is proud.
5	What a fun store!  I was searching online for baby boutiques in the Phoenix area and found Frances Vintage.    Due to the light rail construction it was a little hard to get to, but well worth it! (Park in the back, off of Central- as that is where the entrance is).Georganne's (who BTW is very friendly!) shop is the real deal.  Real vintage items and items that reflect the vintage touch.  She has a great selection of whimsical vintage kitchen items (some of my favorite things!).  The baby section is full of really sweet designer items (onsies, bibs, blankets, t-shirts and a few really neat jackets!) and fantastic wooden toys.  In the back is the real treat- a large selection of vintage dresses.  Not only will I be back, I will be bringing friends.  Frances Vintage is the perfect gift store, I know I'll be doing some holiday shopping here in a few months.
5	I LOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVVVVEEEEEE Frances!!! There is no better place to find unique gifts for others or for that most special person, yourself. They have such a wide range of beautiful things here (some of my favs include: Kamibashi stationary and stickers (oh so many cool stickers!), jewelery by local artists, unique baby and kid stuff, yummy smelling lotions, Anthropologie-esque dresses)... and hello, vintage clothes??! yay!! How cool is that? Having 2 kids it is nearly impossible for me to really shop in here for very long, I am considering hiring a babysitter just to go in here for 2 hours and pour over everything. I heart Frances forever and always, PLEASE shop here and support a wonderful local business!!!! I can't wait for that light rail to be up so I can ride it to Frances!Edit: I forgot to say that Frances is also a great place to go for a gift for the man in your life (well, maybe not if the man in your life is your dad) but for virtually any other man in your life... go to Frances, they have great guy clothes and manly toiletries.
3	Ok, I get it. This is a store that tries too hard to be the $hiznit. Of course I didn't know that when I first walked in. I walked right over to the clever card section. Fun cards for nearly every occasion, even to say, "I hated you all along." Nice! Then you meander past the entry way and into the clothing - distressed t's, sweaters, even clothes for newborns. Exciting, except I'm not throwing down $45 for a t-shirt that looks like it's been washed 1, 500 times. I'm also not throwing down $150 for a sweater. Sorry. When I think vintage, I often think "affordable." I should have known better - this store being where it is, just a short jog from Biltmore. (Yet another reason I am fed up with Phoenix -- really cool stores that cater to moneybags). Of course, I'm biased after falling in love with Blue 7 in Oklahoma City. But, that's another review.Back to Frances... If you can afford it, this store has some really great gift ideas, including plates and saucers that look more like art than functioning accessories. I saw one I would have immediately snatched up for my friend... if it hadn't cost $80. Am I whining about the price? Yes, I think so. After all, when I walk around 7th Ave and Camelback, I want to see things that a person like I can buy (without immediately having an anxiety attack when the total rings up.) Sure, I know AJ's is across the street and it caters to a certain clientele. I get it. I really do. I guess I'm just saying I was very, very, very disappointed to find that I really couldn't afford anything in here. Maybe a $5 card, if it were a special occasion. Maybe a $55 wallet if I was feeling generous. On another note, the owner is fairly nice, although a bit cautious. I was asking her questions about her store, and she seemed ever so reluctant to answer. I was just wanting to know if she uses local artists and designers. She couldn't even really tell me that. Uhm, ok. But if I'm throwing down a fistful of Benjamins, I want to know they're going to support local art... and not some chain retail supplier in Oregon.What this store needs is a section that appears to be "on sale." Like a table full of odds and ends, marked "$20 and under." This will catch the eye of many, including myself -- who may, upon reflection, just be a cheap bastard. (Hey, isn't it about marketing?!)So, let's count stars:1 for it being independently owned - by a woman! 2 for offering unique options to people who can afford to spend their paychecks here. 3 for it trying to be something outside of the norm here in Phoenix. So, 3 stars for Frances. Ignore my whiny rant. It's worth checking out.
4	I'll admit it, I'm a sucker for this kind of shit. Overpriced and way too cute for it's own good. I was in the area and decided to hop in around lunchtime to check this place out. I ended up perusing around for over an hour! Cute kitchen magnets, cute accessories, cute cards...it's all. too. cute. AND the sales girl was incredibly nice and helpful too...arghhh. I was beside myself.I ended up buying a bag that probably makes me look like I'm trying to be 17 again..but I couldn't resist. Damn you Frances, you vile temptress. Thank God I live on the other side of town.Update: Having moved, I now live about 5 minutes away from the place. And my paycheck is truly suffering. (shaking fists) Damn you Francis!!!
4	This store sells handmade letterpress cards.  And not that boring shit you find at Papyrus or Cranes.  The selection may be limited, but where else are you going to find a card that says "I really do hate you."  (I am being literal.  That was on the front of a card.) Enough about the cards.  It's actually not a card shop.  I would classify it as a gift shop. The items offered for sale include, without limitation, the following:   what appeared to be the entire Free People clothing line, candles, jewelry, baby clothing and other baby shower gifts, and pajamas.  Definitely random.  But in a good way I think.  And who cares.  They sell letterpress.  I'm going back for that card.  I can think of a few people that I want to give that one to.  Oh, did I just say that?  Kidding (no I'm not).
4	Awesome vintage stuff. I don't usually buy the brand new dresses or things like that there. I usually go in the back for the second hand items. Every single time I go in there I find something right up my alley. The few couples times I had gone in there the staff was a little unfriendly and sort of snobbish. However, now when I go in they're a lot more nice and caring. The style of this place is beautiful and I love the layout. 4 out of 5 for inconsistent mood and crazy prices sometimes.
3	Frances has amazing sales. I'll admit their merchandise is a wee bit pricey, however, you can find some really unique things - gifts especially! I really love this store, really, I do..but I try to avoid it because most of the time I cannot afford it. I wish they would carry a wider price range. Anyway - I'm just being cheap.
3	I want to love this place, I do, but it's a masochistic kind of love. The merchandise is great- unique gifts, adorable clothes, and precious baby gifts. I love the card rack, because you can't find cards that cool in Hallmark, and the jewelry is so pretty that even a plain jane like myself is tempted to dress up a little. I am charmed, Frances, until I look at the price tag. I would have to be a bumbling idiot (or a spoiled Xavier student with mommy's credit card) to pay $200 for a cotton sun dress, or $48 for a tank top. $35 for a baby onesie is insane, and $30 for that candle that smells like perfume- doused ass isn't much better. I will concede that the sales are decent- i've picked up a few things for under $10, but they were small things- a pair of baby booties, a pair of Chinese mary janes- and not representative of the general merchandise population of the store. I am nothing if not a sucker for cute independent shops though, and this means that  I will be back. I will certainly walk out with the bitter taste of a lower income bracket in my mouth, but hey- I enjoy the torture.
5	This boutique is great!  Maybe it is where I am shopping but I have never been to a 'boutique' that was not expensive.  So I come here knowing that most things I will not be able to afford but there will be somethings I can.  I know that she does not charge more than any other vintage boutiques for the same items because I have compared prices.   I always end up leaving with some cute tank tops or something.  They have something for everyone... girl, guy, baby, home.  You should check it out!
5	Love this place. Fantastic selection. Everything from vintage to new free people. Housewares to baby items not to mention things for the pets. There needs to be more places like this in central phx. way to go!!
5	LOVE this place so much!  I looked at a purse here for a year...it was out of my price range.... then won a gift certificate and decided to buy that purse!  I get so many compliments on it!I've also bought a super slinky 'liquid gold' wallet... some earrings... some cards... some trinkets........  yes, i love this place!
5	Does it make me less of a man to say that I LOVE Frances?Vintage, hip, different. I have been to this store many times with my girlfriend. They have very little in the way of men's items and what they do have is generally for the more petite men than myself...but...I could easily shop here for every gift giving occasion for my girlfriend or any of the other women in my life. They have far out jewlery, and clothes, the most attractive item of clothing i have ever seen my girlfriend wear was a dress from here that she tried on and decided she would never wear so didn't purchase it. bummer.I enjoy looking around...it is like a museum set up to display all the things that a woman I date should fancy and wear. The prices can be up there but some items are very fair and frankly for the quality and origionality of the items I find them worth the price if you can pay it.
4	What makes me keep going back is the service.  The owner and her well-trained staff are super!
4	Full review pending - I was looking for DB Clay wallets to try out the size and I emailed them.  Within hours I got a response from the owner and she listed all the designs they have in stock.  Downsides: now I gotta go down there and check it out, plus I'll feel guilty putting them through all that trouble and not buying the wallet.
5	This is a great little place to pop into for a peek and a great place for gifts and fabulous cards. It's a mini Anthropologie with cute clothes and unique items for your home as well as jewelry and stationery.  You gotta go!
4	after reading the reviews on Yelp and driving by the store many times I finally had an opp to check this store out yesterday. This shop is filled with all sorts of wonderful things. I found many things I wanted to buy, but most were totally out of my price range or I just couldn't justify spending $65 for a necklace with a squirrel on it, despite the squirrel being so adorable and I know I would wear the heck out it, still $65 for a necklace was not in my budget. I did find some good deals as they had a sale going on. I picked up a cute tank top.They had some real cute baby stuff that made me want to start popping out kids just to buy some of the cute little outfits. The gal working the store was really nice and helpful. This is one of my new favorite stores and I look forward to having some money to blow on a cute outfit or a squirrel necklace.
3	I have mixed feelings about this store.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it is super cute, but also overly expensive.  While there are some cool unique items, a savvy shopper could find similar things elsewhere for much more reasonable prices.  It reminds me of the market at La Grande Orange- a place to find a last minute weird gift.  Also, why does the backroom smell like a stinky hippy????  I though it was a one off, but both times I've been there that smell has hit me like a semi.
5	This is my favorite local boutique! A great place to get gifts ranging from $5 to $100. Francis has everything from the real Dr. Pepper to vintage aprons. They hand pick everything and I never know what I might find when I step into this gem. They have new clothes as well as vintage.I usually have a hard time leaving without purchasing something.If you have the means I would suggest you check it out!
5	It even smells amazing in here.I think most of these reviews covered it. But I have to say the jewelry selection and line of Chymia body butter and oil sealed the deal. I'm definitely setting aside a good hour post-election to do a legit perusal of this place. Amazing.
3	Yes, it smells good. Yes, they carry those cool "Love Phoenix" t-shirts. No, they don't carry anything for you if you are over a large size 6. I myself am a firm size 8 on most days. I wanted to buy a cool orange Free People thermal. Even if it was overpriced and the brand runs small ( like a large is going to be a little tight). The owner said they didn't have a large in back, but that I should check online. Wait---I want to buy it from you! You- the local business owner who supports Phoenix. You- the local business owner who could be out of business soon, you- the local business owner who doesn't carry sizes for smaller that the average size 12 american woman. You-- the local business owner who should offer to get one for me so I don't have to pay shipping and I can give you my money. Sad.
5	everything here is awesome.. and the decor is amazing.it's like anthropologie's lil sister, but locally owned.
3	I've got a love-hate relationship with Frances.I love going in there, but I hate coming out without anything (which is regularly). Yet, I still venture in there about once a month.I really love the decor and the layout of the store. When you first enter, they have a slew of unique cards for most occasions that I love. They have some good sales sometimes, but the shop is filled with so much Free People junk that I can't even afford on sale, that is if I even wanted to. Yuck. They have a decent selection of jewelry.Verdict is: I continue to be lured, and they always have plenty of stuff to look at, but not much I want (or willing) to buy.
4	I really really like Frances.  I love most of the clothes in there, but I can never have them because I can't afford it.  The store in general is pretty cool, there are lots of neat things in here from stationery to clothes to jewelry to baby stuff to dog stuff to vintage stuff.  There is a lot of stuff here.  It's all quite pricey though.  The sales they have every now and then are sorta okay, but still break the bank if you buy anything.  Overall they carry good quality products and the staff is super friendly and helpful.  I can't hate on a place too bad just because I can't afford it.
1	My husband and I decided to stop in and check out this boutique to see what the hype was all about.  First of all, we weren't even greeted and we were the only people in the store.  This place is great if you're into spending tons of money on novelty items.  Their clothes are ridiculously over-priced.  I can see if you're paying for good quality, hard to find fabrics but that's not the case at France's.   If you really want these type of novelty items, you're better off taking a drive to Tucson and hitting the shops on 4th Avenue.  Same stuff for A LOT less. Another alternative is eBay.
4	Yes I'm a fan of Frances.  I love to shop the lay out is great and there is a nice range from little treats such as cute coin bags and earrings to clothing and purses. My one complaint is that yes some things are priced too high for my opinion, but the prices are sort of a hit and miss. Some things i find reasonable other items are far to over priced. Yet overall i shall always come back to see whats in stock. I have gotten both presents for myself and others and each time I've gone the staff has been very kind and attentive.
5	I love the clothes and accessories, the staff is friendly and the prices accomodate everyone!
5	I don't think there is anything in this store that I would ever buy for myself but whenever I need a gift for a woman, I know where to go.  They have jewelry, clothes, and accessories.  They also have baby stuff and pet stuff but this place is here for girls aged 15-40.  If they wear it on Gossip Girl, you'll probably find something like it here.Their pricing operates sort of like the airport.  Some things seem completely reasonable and others make you spit your coffee out.  I really don't get it...but they do have a sale section that is usually full of great bargains.  You are always assured of finding something cool and trendy here so I would highly recommend it.
4	I really liked this store! The jewelry is really cute, great gift ideas, fun books and cute clothes. The kids section (a whole separate room) looked really fun, too, but since babies aren't in my world at the moment, I didn't spend too much time there. I went in looking for a unique present for my sister's birthday, and I totally found it. My one complaint is that it's a little on the pricey side. Odd though, some things were very moderately priced, and other times I'd pick up a small, simple pair of earrings and find out they cost $60.
5	Serious. Check this place out.  Went there today, it is worth looking into.  Super fab merch, great service, and super-cool environment.  Do not miss this place.  To start, I actually saw things in there that I haven't seen anywhere else.  When I need to find that unusual gift for someone, I'll go to Frances first.  I bought a scented candle today that is off the hook.  (yes, I'm gay. really gay.)I can't say more.  Go to Frances, check it out.
5	Hell yeah, I love this place. It's like our very own local, neighborhood Anthropologie...but cooler. Super-friendly staff, smiley and helpful every time I go in. Beautiful, gorgeous, luxurious clothes - worth the higher price for sure. Funny and funky home decor and adorable kids stuff in the boutique. Unique jewelry and trinkets.This is the perfect place to find a gift for your girlfriend, wife, mom, or apparently for a really gay guy (see Gary G.)
5	This is one of those little stores that people have to be lucky to know about. One of Phoenix's little gems. I can find something awesome for anyone in this place.
2	Yet another cheap novelty shop that tries to pass itself off as artsy. I thought this fad had ran it's course by the late 90's!
5	This store hits the nail on the head. It's a perfect blend of chic and eclectic. As an jewelry afficiando, I can honestly say their selecion is top notch. Frances is definately the place to go for unique and one of kind items. I could spend hours perusing there collection of merchandise and I always end up spending way more money that I should. On the up side I have never left there suffering from buyer's remorse.
5	If I am ever needing a "fix", I go to Frances!  I absolutely love love it there.  When I walk in, the fabulous women behind the counter always call me by name and give me a huge "hello".  There is always something new in stock and in every price range!  It's never the same-ol'-same-ol' that were all used to seeing in stores either.  It's fresh, it's new, it's one of a kind and many times it's even local! The jewelry counter is always my first stop.  A good 50% of my jewelry chest is filled with goodies from Frances.  I found a fabulous pair of long, silver stamped earrings for $10 that I have gotten a million (not exaggerating) compliments on.  The jewelry is not only very cool, it's also always very well displayed.  The goodies are easy to see, try on and drool over!  I ALWAYS find a gift there!  The clothes are to die for.  I will admit, many are a bit pricey, but trust me, it won't discourage you because they are all so cute!  Lots of embroidered dresses and skirts and fun tops.  I have been known to pine after dresses for months that I see in their window!I do love the back room too - it's not to be missed!  The baby goodies are enough to make this Aunt spoil her niece after almost every visit.  Great little gifts that you don't find anywhere else and they'll even wrap them up with a cute little bow for you.  The back room is also home to housewares, which, as an Interior Designer, I always have to stop and touch.  Not a huge selection, but what they do have is fun and colorful.So many people know that this store is my "happy place" that every gift but 1 that I received for my birthday was wrapped in a Frances box!  If Yelp had 6 stars, I would give it to Frances!
4	I am so a fan , Frances.  Your store makes me happy just walking in . But here is the situation ...see I love you and your wonderful treasures, your jewelry is fabulous , your knick-knacks  are whimsical yet practical and your paper goods inspire my creativity. I just can't wait to buy a baby gift in your kids section .  But it's the clothes, no I like your clothes I really do , it's just that they are way over priced and way under sized . They look so good on the rack  edgy with a vintage feel,  I reach out and take the item off the rack and there it is ...the size and the price    ... I just can't justify it . Teeny tiny larges and overly huge cost.Ugh.  So in the future could we work out a way to bring the price down and make the size more realistic?  Other than that I adore you.
4	A fan for sure.  Everyone told me that it would be impossible to leave without buying anything but I proved them all wrong.  It's on the pricey side and the stuff is all really cute and fun but I had a hard time letting go of my purse strings.  The decor is adorable and it is fun to just wander around and look at everything.  They have a really fabulous wall of cards for all occasions that are funny and or kitschy.  A really great place to find a cool gift.  I'll have to head over again and see what must be purchased.
4	Frances has everything I love all in one store! Unique jewelry, quirky cards and stationary, indie-label clothes, housewares, novelty (and some serious) books, cute kids stuff and even a small table of pet-wares. It honestly can't get any better than that. Well... maybe in one way: I agree with Nadia C that the prices are a little high. But if you feel like splurging on yourself or on a gift for someone else, I'd definitely do it at Frances.
4	I'm not a girl but if I were, I'd shop at Frances every week!  I wish someone would make a guy-like version of Frances for me, but alas I'm fine with shopping here nonetheless. Frances is a true boutique: unique, nifty finds, collectibles and lots of funky clothing & jewelry. They have some lotions & potions but the main focus is on fashion.  At Xmas time they have an awesome assortment of funky ornaments and decor and lots of fun finds for Xmas gift giving.  A lot of what I loved about Frances moved over to Smeeks, and I'm equally happy to visit that magical candyland any day of the week. These bad-ass boutiques are nestled into the coolest corner on Camelback & Central, right off the lightrail & docked by the new Dutch Brother's Coffee Drive-Thru joint.  If your wifey or GF wanna do Frances, there's plenty for guys at the neighboring Red Hot Robot, Stinkweeds Music Shop & HALO Body Piercing next door.When you need a unique, one-of-a-kind or hard-to-find gift or fabulous frock just for you -- hit up Frances and their kick-ass neighbors.
4	Very wonderful store to go and get inspired - especially to purchase a gift for a friend that has everything... such a visually stimulating environment so make sure you visit when you have enough time to browse.
4	I've only been to Frances once and I really liked it, but I didn't buy anything because it's way too expensive for me. It's got tons of cute vintage looks, kind of like Anthropologie. They have a lot of jewelry and cute decor. I look forward to the time when I can go in and actually buy something! Hopefully they have a sale section :)
5	I walk over here about once every 2 weeks after getting a latte at Dutch Bros and after a trip to Smeeks...This is a lovely boutique.  I live in the neighborhood...so I am partial...But, How cool is it to walk over to shop and get a cute outfit,jewelry,shoes,purse and some fun knick knacks for the offspring..all in one visit?  If I want something new to wear to Postinos, or St. Francis that night I can shop here and find something unique, cute and stylish.   Hope they keep up the good work!
1	I hate that my first negative review had to be on a place where I expected so much more.I walked in to the shop, the front counter person was helping another customer. The customer was on her way out I stood LITERALLY in front of the counter looking at jewelry and not a single greeting. I proceeded to walk around the front area for a few minutes...still nothing. I went into the next room of product and looked at everything. I already had my eye set on a few things. I walked up towards the front counter area and another employee comes walking up, looked directly at me, and said nothing. She did however get into a conversation with the person behind the counter. Very chatty. Perhaps you should be more chatty with your customers. Here is a tip for you Frances people, if you want customers to actually buy things from you and return to your shop, GREET THEM! You both deserve a fish to go with that chip on your shoulder.
3	If I had more money, I would shop here more often. There isn't a whole lot to write that hasn't been mentioned in other reviews. I hope the owner reads her Yelp reviews, because most other reviewers are absolutely right. The prices are a bit high and most items are national brands you can find elsewhere. The locally made jewelry is amazing, but a lot of it a little too "granola" for my tastes. And itty bitty gold earrings for $88? I've gotten an adorable t-shirt with the word "love" on the front and thank goodness I picked it up for half price- it was originally $80! Also picked up some Free People shorts, cute Havaianas- both at half off. Are you sensing a trend here? Love me a sale. It's fun to stop in and just browse the jewelry, clothing, and home items. I don't know, maybe I'm missing something here...where did the sale rack go???
4	This is THE place for gifts for the girl in your life with unique taste.  You're guaranteed to find something that can't be picked up just anywhere, and they'll wrap it for you in charming little papers.I love shopping the displays at Frances-- the merchandising there is so creative that shopping is like a archaeological dig.  Look closer, look up, look around, and you find something you may have missed at first glance.  This is how a "quick trip to get a gift" ends up as an epic shopping experience.  My gripes with Frances are minimal.  One, some of the merchandise is highly overpriced.  I've found the exact same items online for much, much less (I remember a necklace in particular that was marked up to a ridiculously high price), but I do like to support local businesses so I typically don't fuss over it too much.  Two, the women's clothing is not for women but rather it is for bipedal sticks.  Perhaps these are actual mammals, perhaps they are shaped similarly to humans, I'm not sure.  All I can say for certain is they do not have derrieres or chests of any variety.  So I just don't buy any premium priced clothing there, I'll get over it. Frances truly is a gem in the otherwise rough and disappointing retail landscape of Central Phoenix.  Don't miss it!
4	I first stop for a sweet treat from the delicious candy shop next door and then I walk into Frances to look around. I visit the variety of cards and paper products lining the walls. I always want to find a reason to snatch each one up and purchase them to take home. Then, I walk straight into the section full of jewelry and various accessories up the ying yang. No two pieces are the same. I browse each piece varying from dainty to chunky. Following, I make my way to the clothing section full of men's, women's, baby clothes and more. The store is full of so much character I can always find unique products unlike anything else. Don't worry about buying a dress that 11 others have. Frances does a great job of making sure the inventory has a "less is more" feel. The store is small and intimate, but perfect for the area and the theme. While the clothes are on the pricier side, I also know where to go if I'm looking for a dress or gift for a friend. The accessories range from pricey to reasonable and they have some fabulous sales. Every time I've been in, they have a large sale section full of cool finds. This was one of my favorite lunchtime visits when I worked in the area and now I like to find excuses to go back when I can. It's been a while, so I think I need to make a shopaholics visit back to Frances very soon. Oh and I may make a stop into the neighboring stores as well.
3	3.5, rounded down.I come here a lot, and I always admire the beautifully arranged selection of jewelry, sniff the yummy candles, and lust for the clothes, but can't really afford anything.  Ever.  Even during the 50% off summer sale.Except the letterpress cards, which are always clever and lovely and original.  And, oh yes, quite affordable.
5	Love!!! The prices are mixed. Some things are shocking and others i fund to be real finds. It's very unique and features several local artists. Georgeann the owner is friendly and helpful without being pushy or agressive.  Great for gifts as well. Frances is my new obsession!
5	Frances is the type of boutique that you are lucky to find. Those who frequent the shop likely think of it as a haven of amazing gifts, one of a kind jewelry, eccentric home and cooking gear, and everything in between. Truth be told in the year or so that has passed since I discovered Frances I have been 50+ times and have NEVER left without purchasing something. If you go on the right day you will find a local artist who has set up shop inside, making their jewelry and selling it on-site. The opportunity to meet the crafter making that necklace you are coveting makes the purchase all the more special. From the frequent art fairs and craft markets to the most diverse selection of gifts you can find in the metro area...Frances is and will continue to be my happy place.
4	I fell in love with this little boutique.  Everything in there was adorable and the staff is very friendly.  It is great for shoppers who have their own individual style.  The only downfall is it can get pretty pricey.  So I usually just buy one or two statement pieces.
5	Visiting in Phoenix for the weekend and Frances was highly recommended by a staff member at Lola's. My friend commented on her cute earrings and she not only told us where she got them but how awesome the store was and that we should probably go right after we left Lola's. Such a great insider tip! Frances has all the charm of a small boutique and the variety of an UO. Lots of handcrafted jewelry, cute stationery and greeting cards, a good selection of TOMS, and even pet accessories (and I'm not a fan of people stores with dog clothes on general so for me to not be annoyed by their display is a testament to its awesomeness). It's located in a small strip of stores tht include a legit record store, candy shop, and a piercing/tattoo shop. One of the staff there gave us a great recommendation for post-dinner drinks at Four Peaks Brewery, another quality recommend!
4	Frances is super-cute. They're sales are great (though rare), and they always have a nice selection. i go in about once every other week and often walk out with something new. The men's selection is small but very high quality. If you've got no time and need to pick up something (a gift, new outfit, etc.) quickly, Frances is a sure thing. Staff is great, too.
4	When I have the dollars to spend, Frances makes my list of local shops with fun finds. Between the jewelery, accessories, dresses and home essentials, this is one of the great local Phoenix boutiques hidden within Central Phoenix. Frances isn't a big store, but bigger isn't always better. Everything is placed perfectly and I can tell that the merchandise is chosen with care. As I browse through the clothes, I know where to go the next time I need a cute outfit or dress that every other person won't also own. Here, the clothes are unique and many are one of a kind. The same goes for the jewelery. Even on days when I don't have the pennies to spend, I love walking into Frances and window shopping for a future visit. The staff is friendly and the shop is located in a small shopping center full of other unique stores. So Frances is being added to my list of Live and Love Local!
4	After some shopping at Smeeks, I stopped by here just to browse. It was pretty busy for a Tuesday afternoon but Christmas is only 4 days away! They have some really cute & unique jewelry, that's where I spent most of my time browsing. I ended up finding an adorable necklace that would match these earrings I bought a couple days ago. I then thought I should find something for my mama, but wasn't having any luck. A sales associate asked if I needed any help & I told her I was looking for jewelry for my mom & that she was really into purple right now. She showed me these really pretty purple & gold bracelets that could go with so many different outfits. I bought 2 purple & 1 gold, I hope she likes them! Just as I was about to ring up my items, I saw the cutest headband with a beautiful rhinestone applique. I had to have it! Total for 3 bracelets, necklace & headband was $109...pretty freakin pricey but such cute stuff! Oh & I almost forgot to mention, they put my mama's bracelets in a cute lil box with red ribbon, love it!
5	Frances is quite lovely. I stopped in when Christmas shopping to pick up a pair of TOM'S for my sister (yes, they carry those!) and  was mesmerized by the whimsical jewelery display, the clever books, beautiful stationary, creative knick knacks and aromatic candles. The staff is quite friendly and helpful too.Although smaller in size, this place is perfect when you need unique gifts for those hard to please people in your life, they even have gifts for men, babies and pets. The only downside is that... as boutiques go, they are a bit pricey. Can't wait until I have extra cash on had so I can go and splurge!
5	This place is neat!  There is something for everyone.  There are all kinds of cute clothes, journals, checkbook covers, shoes, baby clothes, dolls, and I could go on and on.  The lady at the sales counter was also very welcoming and friendly.  I bought a barette and was offered to have my purchase gift wrapped.  It seems that service like that only gets offered at fancy snotty stores anymore.  Thank you Frances for having a down to earth, ecletic, and friendly place to shop.
4	Frances is one of those places that is funky yet cohesive. They have a large selection of off-beat jewelry and hair accessories for that friend (or self) who doesn't live in the cookie-cutter world. I found there a book with a vinyl record cover, an eclectic collection of cookbooks, and a rather amazing purse with garden gnomes on it. Is it a bit pricey? Yep, but this isn't mass-produced, find it in every store kind of merchandise. It's a great boutique in a great space with wonderful neighboring businesses (Smeeks, Halo Piercing Studio, and Stinkweeds Records). You should definitely check this one out!
5	Frances really is as good as it gets. The owner has impeccable taste and when I shop there for a gift I always know I will find something unique and beautiful
4	I buy a lot of gifts for my wife here.  The hand-made original artisan jewelry is really nice.  They have a bunch of other unique gift-items, clothes, etc. for the more indie-minded.
2	I feel conflicted about this store.  I've gone there on and off over the years and have over that time spent hundreds of dollars there, but I still feel irked about some really sub-par customer service.  Every time I pass it and consider going in, I find that the bad taste still remains, and continue on my way.  The items have range, from the absurdly-priced to the reasonable, from wallets for guys to baby stuff to seasonal home decor.  I have found a lot of cute jewelry pieces which have made great little gifts for gal pals.  Some of them have even been affordable.  That said, the owner is particularly rude and snotty.  I purchased a dress there once that I decided was too unflattering to keep once I got it home.  Imagine that, a 2x2 dimly lit dressing stall steered me astray!  I brought it back several days later at my leisure and was immediately asked (by the owner) if I had worn it.  I was taken aback but said no, that it was visibly unworn, and the tags were even attached in such a way that to hide them would have been impossible.  She clearly did not want to return the dress yet did so anyway, but only after informing me that, "We are not Nordstrom."  Outrageous!  I like to shop local first as much as the next guy, but this woman can suck it, and so can her business.  Your mileage may vary, however, as I have found the service from her employees to be far more courteous and helpful.
4	What a cute shop! It's like etsy in real life. They have GREAT jewelry here at good prices. And since they get new product in all the time you can keep coming back for more. The staff is also really friendly.The clothes are very expensive but you get that a lot from independent
1	Where do I start? I use to live right down the street and would go to Giant Robot, which was directly next to this wannabe boutique. Every time I was in Frances never a hello, how are you, can I help you? I once even tried on this over priced "fashionable" dress and the girl working there didn't even acknowledge the fact I needed a dressing room. I could of stole it for all she cared. Besides being avoided like the plague, their selection of clothes are awful. Unless you enjoy paying way too much to dress as if you are in an episode of Little House on the Prairie.Last time my boyfriend was in town he wanted a pair of Tom's. I figured to try my luck here once more. He's a young, attractive man and since the girls seem to deem me as some kind of disease perhaps they wouldn't give him the cold shoulder. Maybe, just maybe they would be friendly. Well once again the store was empty, not a hello or welcome. Just a cold glance. We helped ourselves to the Tom's, admired all the bird merchandise that would fit right into my grandmothers house and decided we had enough of a look. Once at the counter the older woman finally looked at my boyfriend and said "Is that all?". Mind you I was the one paying, she wouldn't even look at me, instead just put her hand out reaching for my card then slide it across the counter back at me. Excuse me but I make a very good income, you should never judge a book by it's cover. These women running this little shop seem to lack the most important part of running a business, customer service! Sadly Giant Robot closed down and I will take my chances driving to HUB Clothing for a pair of Tom's, where my money is always welcomed. Portlandia has Frances Boutique pegged. "Put a bird on it!", so fitting for this store.
4	I am all about this place!  It has the cutest things and its so warm and inviting inside.  They have all the items I love!  They have the cutest bags and shoes and I wish I would afford to shop here all the time.  They have an amazing selection of candles and jewelry.  They have such a cut baby section...when I have another child I would want to shop here.  It is so cool that they have some local designers as well as TOMS and other known designers.
3	Love the store, so cute! But ladies a "hello" or " welcome" would be great, seriously work on that costumer service and you'll receive loyal clientele in return. Also you should never turn the lights off on people as they are approaching the counter to buy something because you have somewhere to be and need to close right that second.
5	Great place for feel-good gifts or splurges. Kitschy items and hipster-friendly.
5	I went in to Frances looking for a simple necklace for my girlfriend and found several other gifts as well.The 3 ladies who were working were all very friendly and sincere. They went out of their way to help me find the perfect necklace even pulling out more inventory from the back. I also appreciated the care (and design taste) they put into gift wrapping my items.I was very impressed with everything and will definitely go back.
3	I FINALLY got around to visiting this tiny boutique.  Unfortunately, as much as I found in there that I liked and wanted, I probably won't be back any time soon to actually buy anything.  I was glad to have a generous gift certificate from my sister to spend! Like everyone else said - things here are REALLY pricey.  There were a few handmade things that I could understand having a high price, but.... $90 for a wallet??  Yikes.  Don't get me wrong, I know local stuff costs more, I just didn't think it cost THAT MUCH more...I can see myself coming back when I'm looking to treat myself to some unique jewelry or when I'm looking for a special gift for a close friend or family member.  Sadly, though, it won't be added into my rotation when I head out to shop.
4	I love the merch inside of Frances.  The clothes are beautiful.  The accessories are whimsical.  They carry Tom's shoes and Frye boots.  I have my eye on a super-soft pink leather wallet with a bicycle on the front.  Stuff here is pricier than other places, but I don't mind, because it's unique.  I am always able to find a super-special gift here, and it's right off of the light rail, so it makes my shopping experience easy.
4	If sunshines and flowers could sell clothes or jewelry it would be like Frances. With that said, sunshines and flowers could probably use help with the selection of mens wear and accessories. Maybe a gun, sunshine, and flower collabaration would fix that.
5	Frances is my go-to destination for unique gifts for my very favorite people. No matter if that person is a yoga guru, a traditionalist, or an engima, I can always stroll right in and find that perfect little something that I am proud to give. Customer service here has always been attentive to the point that it makes me very nearly bashful. As far as prices go, I feel their prices are reasonable for the product. For about $10-15 you can get some amazing stationery, for $20-$80 you can get some amazing jewelry finds, and for about $40-$120 you are squarely within their shoes/intimates/dress bracket. It isn't thrift store pricing, but this is a local business and the goods are limited and in many cases, handmade. Plus they won't bombard you with catalogues (cough cough, -anthro-). Frances, thank you for being a friend. :)
3	There's tons of irresistibly cute stuff here. However, the prices are outrageous--I can buy Free People stuff any number of other places for much less. If you want to buy Toms shoes you can do that here. I don't know what happened; Frances used to have great sales. Now, it seems, when I get the e-mail about a sale or I happen upon a "sale" (the round rack in the back room), the prices are only barely discounted. I'll agree with other reviewers that this is a great place to pick up a gift for that girlfriend of yours who has impeccable, quirky taste. In fact, I usually only do gift-shopping here, as I can justify splurging on someone else (a $35 necklace, a $25 T-shirt) but there's no way in hell I'm spending $148 on an unspectacular Free People hoodie for myself.
4	I know I can buy Toms cheaper at Nordstrom.  Nordstrom, however, is neither locally-owned nor on the light rail!  Plus, I know for sure there's a bike rack at Frances, and I can also support Stinkweeds at the same shopping center!
5	I love that they gift wrap. We buy everyones gifts here! Service has been a lot better.
4	As soon as you walk in, you are lulled and mesmerized by the whimsicalness of the store. There is an entire wall of stationary, stamps and cards when you first walk in, and then you have to pass the jewelry table to make it into the rest of the store. OH, the jewelry table. So many adorably dainty necklaces and earrings that are screaming "BUY ME!" Next, you look at the wall behind the jewelry, and are overwhelmed by mini erasers, amazing-smelling lotion, stickers and craft kits.Then there is the hair accessories table, followed by a slender rack of the cutest clothes imaginable (think all of the brands on ModCloth + more). Venture to the right and you'll enter a mecca of delightful men's items, classy pet items and adorable baby items. There are also some high-quality leather purses, TOMS shoes, and kitchen items thrown into the mix. Basically, this whole store is drool-worthy.
3	First time I was in here I was impressed by Fances's selection of unique clothing and accessories. I loved the fact that they carried jewelry and other accessories from local artists. Their clothing and shoes can be a bit pricey which is why I give them 3 stars instead of 4 or 5. I think that they could work in some lower price points when it comes to clothes to make it more accessible to a broader range of clientele. I will definitely be back in to buy stuff, but it'll  be when I'm ready to splurge on clothing.
3	Love supporting local businesses, and this one is definitely cute with a great selection. They have unique small gifts and I love to admire the local artisan jewelry. However, my girlfriends and I bought some cute charm bracelets only to discover them at Nordstrom for $6 cheaper. My friend said the Tom's wedges she bought were also less at Nordstrom. For their price mark up alone, I am knocking off two stars. Get your prices in order, Frances, and I will love you that much more!
5	We need more places like Frances in Phoenix. So quaint, so unique. Range of selection is great, prices are high and low, just depending on the merchandise. My favorite is the stationery. This is my go-to for sweet gifts.
4	I absolutely adore this place!  I've stopped in many times, mostly to just to stand and look at all of the pretty things.  However, my spidey sense started tingling the other day, and what do you know, a sale!  Of course!!  I went to the back room where the sale was happening, and was super pleased to see that it was (and still is) a half-off sale.  I have always wanted a pair (or thirty) of Toms, but I've always had a hard time swallowing the $60 price tag.  Much to my delight, there were lots of Toms available on sale:)  In addition, there was a decent selection of half-off clothing, other shoes, stuff for dudes, stuff for kids, and such.Ok, now back to the rest of the store.  I love how all of their items are unique and much of the jewelery appears to be one of a kind.  They have locally made candles, soaps and lip balms, stuff for babies/young children, nail polish, cards, wallets, a Merkin set (for you gals who need a little coverage), and more that I can't remember right now.The ladies behind the counter are always quick to greet, are pleasant, and are very helpful (when needed).Frances, I think you're just peachy keen!
5	I love Frances! Great mixture of clothes, accessories, gifts and home items. There was a lot to look at and I spent probably an hour and a half walking around and taking everything in. I was even texting and sending pictures to a friend and a couple coworkers for their opinions and to see if they wanted me to pick up anything for them. Walked out with a few pairs of Toms for myself and a coworker. Their prices on everything were good, much better than expected. I think the regular price of the Toms I bought were $3 less than other retailers plus I got them half price! I will definitely have to come back soon!
5	LOVE - LOVE - LOVE Frances!!!It is one of those stores that can cheer you up.  You will be able to find a unique and fun item.  I get many compliments on the jewelry that I purchase there and it is not overpriced.
5	This little gem of a store was recommended to be by a few of my girlfriends and boy am I glad I went and checked it out.  I have bought several gifts there and have never been disappointed.I received a necklace and charm for my baby shower from a friend and sadly the chain broke after just a couple times wearing it.  I took it to a jeweler and they said that unfortunately because of where it broke that it couldn't be fixed.  I took it back to Frances to see if there was anything they could do, and they replaced it immediately.  I was so impressed with their customer service and I will continue to shop here for many years to come.
3	Cute, little shop with lots of interesting and unique jewelry, clothing, gift items, etc. It's fun to walk around and look at the different stuff. I think the prices are too high for what you get, but it's fun to window shop.
1	Absolute terrible experience. First time visiting with a friend, and I was looking at some items. I playfully touched my friend on her side, and the lady working kicked me out without an explanation. Apparently my "behavior" made the lady uncomfortable. This was their reply to me when I emailed them and complained that I was offended, embarrassed and shocked at how I was treated when it was my first time there," I would like to apologize for any additional stress that this situation has caused you. I assure you that this in not a normal occurrence at Frances and our customers are our first priority.     We have reviewed the security tape several times and spoke multiple times with our employee regarding the incident.  It seems as though our employee felt uncomfortable with some of the behavior going on between you and your friend.  Although we value each and every customer we also stand behind our employees best judgment on a situation that puts the store and or other customers in an uncomfortable position.  Please accept our apologies and understand that we try to do what is in the best interest of our store and truly mean no harm when doing so. "So for showing my good friend a little bit of affection got me rudely kicked out. Never shopping here again.
4	Every time I walk into this store it's different.  Which is fantastic.  I love that it's always changing (more likely that I'll find something new that I love!).  It's a great place to shop for hostess gifts, random little gifts, that hard to shop for MIL, your hipster guy friend, new babies, the friend who has everything or even white elephant.  Of course, I do sometimes end up falling in love with many items in the store and unfortunately that often ends up being one of the most expensive items.  I do wish sometimes that the items they carry weren't so pricey so that I could support this local small business and purchase some of those types of items.  But there are times where I see something I love, look at the price, and put it back.  And other days where I see something I love and have no qualms buying it.  But that usually doesn't include the shirt that's over 100$.Always worth a peek, especially when on the hunt for a gift for the hard to shop for person.  OR if you need to send a husband shopping for a gift and he's not a pro at shopping for the lady, he can't go wrong here. :)
5	One of my favorite boutiques in PHX. Always friendly and there's always something new in! The jewelry selection is great and there's a ton of great local gift ideas.
4	This is one of my favorite places for finding gifts for friends. They always have a fun and unique selection of items ranging from jewelry, clothes, books, and childrens items. I recommend following them on instagram or twitter so you can stay on top of their sales. I love taking people here from out of town because they have a great selection of locally made items.
4	Looking for unique gift for a friend or family member? Frances is your spot.  They refer to themselves as "a modern boutique with vintage charm," and I'd say that's super accurate!  With super friendly owner and staff, really quirky and fun merchandies, and a super convenient location, this place is great.Whether it's clothing, shoes, candles, accessories of all sorts, or just a greeting card, Frances has it all.  This boutique is conveniently located right at Central and Camelback and has a nice big parking lot right there.  So unless it is time for one of their events like Crafeteria, parking in the lot isn't an issue.It's worth it to find other parking for Crafeteria though... It's always held in early December - perfect for holiday shopping!  There are tons of unique local artists, live music, and even some food trucks.  This year, we swung by and purchased some great candles amongst other things.  It's just a lot of fun to support local and see others doing the same. But back to Frances... whether you're window shopping or looking for something specific, you can't go wrong by starting here.  Happy shopping!
5	I've been coming to frances for a while now. They've got great products and they love the local community! But, today was exceptional! We thought the store opened at 10, but on Sunday they open at 12. We got to the shop at 11:45 and noticed it was closed. I exclaimed to my husband "Matt, they're closed!" And an employee heard me. She turned and said "give me a couple minutes, I'll count the money and open early for you". How great was she?!
5	this is one of my favorite stores in Phoenix ! I'm always excitedto visit Frances and see the new items they have to offer. the employees are always so friendly and helpful, it is a pleasure to visit this store :-)
5	I attended an event at the store.  A juicing product, a discussion on women's health, and a great store.   They have Toms, cute clothes and jewelry,  and clever and unique gifts.  Great baby stuff too!  Support a lovely local business and enjoy the atmosphere and cute stuff.
4	great service, i love my ring. prices are very good and great quality. i would love to buy it more from Frances.
4	I went to Frances for a crafting CMYE event and walked away with a new top.  Yay!  I've been wanting to pop into Frances for some time now.  I use to see it all the time whenever I went to go to Smeeks to buy some yummy sweets.  I'm glad to have finally been able to stop by.Frances truly has it all!  From home goods to clothing and lots of shiny jewelry, what can't you find at Frances?  I love how they support local artists and carries a wide variety of items and clothing from local designers.  It really brings in a good sense of what the Phoenix area has to offer.  While some items are a bit on the higher end price-wise, you can also find some more affordable things if you truly take your time and comb through the racks and shelves.  A 20% off coupon also makes the bill easier to swallow if you just paid to go to their crafting event.  ;)  Cheers, Frances!  I'll be sure to pop in and touch every item in the store again!
4	What a great little boutique. I have been wanting to stop in here for years and finally got the excuse to last night. I love that it carries so many local artists, gives me a good reason to throw my money at them :) They have everything from great jewelry, to clothing, soap, stationery, and more. If you are looking for a unique gift for someone, for sure check out Frances. They also hold workshops here, I'd definitely recommend checking out their schedule and stopping by for one. I was lucky enough to attend TERRARIAN, a terrarium making class led by Ian and it was awesome. Not only did I make a bad ass terrarium, I also learned a lot about moss, mini ecosystems, and more. I can't wait to go back to Frances to buy more goodies (i have my eye on a few tops and bracelets) and support local as well as check out some more workshops. There is a button-making class in July that sounds like a blast. Shout out to to Sara, she's a sweetheart!
5	Great little shop for unique gifts.  They carry jewelry made by local artists, paper goods, clothing for men/women/kids, kitchenware, bags, etc.  Reminded me of the store, Therapy, but with better quality products.
5	I stopped into this place to check it out since I've seen nothing but great reviews.  I walked in to find cute little gifts (voodoo doll key chains?!) jewelry, clothing, and other clever stuff.  I would say I was a little disappointed they didn't have more clothing, however I did manage to get a cute Daniel Rainn '70s blouse for $39 which was originally $145 (score!)  I guess I was lucky to walk in to the 75% Summer Sale!  The ladies were very helpful and attentive and I fell in love with pretty much all their clothes.  It's hard for me to justify Free People full retail price, but if I need to splurge I know where to go.  I'm planning on taking one of their classes in November (it's free!) and can't wait to frequent this place more often!
4	Cute boutique! Had an array of great gift ideas and handmade cards. Cool personalized jewelry and candles. A must stop for a cute birthday gift!
5	Last week, stopped in for a gift, found cute, cute, cute bobby pins, jewelry, and more cute dish cloths.  Love the feel of the place, easy parking behind it and right next to Dutch Bros :-)
4	This place is my go-to place for gifts and is a wonderful little shop just to peruse on a weekend. They have Jewelry, keychains, purses, wallets, a few crafty items, clothes, and odds and ends for men and babies. The staff had always been friendly and definitely better than most places out there. There are items in all budget ranges, but I will admit somethings are overpriced. I miss the nearby candy shop, but there is a tasteful (and clean) piercing parlor and music store next door, along with Dutch brothers coffee. The neighborhood behind it isn't bad either, so I'd say the area is nice and this place is a definite gem in Phoenix.
