5	The former La Posada is now open and ready for business as Montelucia.  The grounds are magnificent with Camelback Mountain as the backdrop.  There are a myriad of seating areas that allow for great conversations and connections.  From what I have been told, the entire property is built around the idea of providing great experiences for each guest, experiences that will last a lifetime.  There are fireplaces throughout, a small cafe/coffee bar that also sells wine (score!), an amazing spa (joya Spa), a wedding chapel that is perfectly sized, a multitude of swimming pools, suites that have amazing views, and many more great ideas that are now available for those that dream.  Stop by, have a glass of wine, and disconnect for a moment.  Allow the mind to wander to Spain, the Basque region or the Andalusian essence that is Montelucia.
5	This resort is absolutely gorgeous and has a really cool -- not contrived -- Moroccan flair to it. This is definitely the place to stay for a relaxing vacation, a memorable venue for an event such as a reception or wedding, and a great crash pad for the discerning business traveler. I stayed in Oasis Village with a room steps from the pool, and it was wonderfully quiet and peaceful. If you want more action, consider the Kasbah pool area or something closer to the resort entrance. The rooms are just amazing...because this resort just opened, everything is brand-spanking new. The towels are fluffy and soft, the bed and couches firm, and everything else spotlessly clean. I loved the giant bathroom with the open shower area and huge soaking tub (although the pools and onsite spa will give that tub a run for its money), as well as the outside deck area where you can sit and enjoy the outdoors any time of day. Rooms are well-stocked with everything you might need and even nice little bonuses like bathrobes and slippers. And they bring out a cute little mat during turndown. As you walk through the grounds, you'll enjoy the water features, landscaping and stunning views of Camelback. What an awesome place to escape -- I can't wait to come back!
2	I stayed here on the night the place opened.  So i should caveat this review with that information.  It was November 4th.  I think a lot of the people were bummed that McCain was clearly not going to win the election (it is in Phoenix, after all).The service was over-the-top.... too much.  Maybe the people were bored because there weren't enough guests, maybe they were trying to make me feel welcome, maybe they really thought three people were needed to deliver room service.  Maybe.  But, for the things that actually mattered like a hair dryer, someone actually delivering that hair dryer to my room within a reasonable (read: 30 minute) time frame, a room service menu in the room (um, really, are you going to read me the menu every time over the phone?), having my breakfast served correctly the first time (are egg whites really such an odd request at a resort that tags itself as a spa?), having my breakfast served in 20 minutes  when I specifically said I needed to be out quickly, and on and on.  I forgive the painter in the gym for providing a ridiculously toxic workout experience (i mean, they just opened. . . who would have expected the paint to be dry?).  I forgive the 17 people who greeted me at every turn.  The place is beautiful.  But the place needs some work.  I'd give it the benefit of the doubt and try it again.
5	I hate to say it, but this place might be the king when the economy picks up. They spared absolutely no expense and built what I believe to be the most beautiful hotel in Phoenix. The lobby, entry courtyard, and front areas are all just average and you don't really take into full account what you are about to see. Walk further twoard the spa, and you will be blown away. They feature lounge rooms, locker rooms, treatment rooms, reflection rooms, Hammam rooms, water rooms, and hell all sorts of things. See the spa, see it see it see it. It is un-fucking-believable.
5	this place awesome!  the rooms in the Oasis section by the 'adult only' pool are amazing with big balconies.  it is quiet and really very nice.  they even provide you with queen size lounge chairs on the deck to unwind.  the service is top notch and genuine.  the attention to detail throughout the resort is very impressive.  Prado restaurant (on the property) is also very good and not too overly priced.  i am a big fan and plan to make this a regular stop.
5	Currently on my last day here at Montelucia and already missing the place!  It is absolutely an amazing and relazing property, that pulls the stress out of your body almost as soon as you step into the courtyard.My husband is an executive who takes a very long time to relax while on vacation.  At Montelucia he had completely unwound by the beginning of the second day.We have traveled to some of the top spots in the world, have never been a big fan of Arizona, and yet this place is calling us back already.They are just beginning, have some small kinks to work out, and probably aren't as busy as they'd like to be. But then again, which hotel is these days!!But give this place a try and you won't be sorry!!P.S.  The spa probably has the most kinks of all the work out, so ask a lot of questions, don't assume anything.  Once inside the massage room, everything is fine.  But the prices are HIGH at the JOYA!!
5	Visited an old friend who is staying there this weekend and Montelucia is unbelievably beautiful. The buildings and interiors of the public areas are simply incredible and exotic. Like everyone says the staff is so warm and friendly. Everyone says hello and smiles. I had a wonderful time.
5	The Montelucia has now been open close to six months.  I've visited a number of times including a trip to the Joya Spa (I'll review separately but it was incredible) and Prado (their main restaurant which I'll also review separately some time soon).  I've already reviewed Crave, their coffee shop/general store.  I've toured the rooms but have yet to stay the night.  I've met with the event planner, and I've been for a networking event.  Let me tell you... this place is INCREDIBLE!  I'm blown away every time I go.It's so incredible that I've decided that the Montelucia is where I am going to get married in October.  I am so happy with my decision and so excited for the big day.  The grounds are tastefully done in a Moroccan / Spanish look that is warm and welcoming and grand all at the same time.  The staff is always sincere, welcoming, smiling, and wonderful (from the valet to the hostess, the front desk, and more).  I've never seen anything like this at a resort before...I'm extremely excited for my out of town friends and family to stay at the Montelucia for our wedding weekend.  I am confident they will all enjoy their trip even more because of the venue we chose.  I know I'll return to the Montelucia again and again leading up to my wedding and hopefully for years to come.  If you haven't been, go check it out at sunset for a drink or just go tour the grounds.  It's worth a trip no matter how near or far you'll travel to see it.
1	Just returned from a very short and uninspired stay here.  This place is so mismanaged I am surprised it is still open.  From the horrible check-in to the poorly run restaurant(if you're going to have a buffet on Sunday ya gotta refill the food) to the checkout this place stinks!  $24 Resort fee which includes use of the pool and star gazing(they charge you to look up!?) is lame.  The service and professionalism is completely missing.  In fact it is hard to tell if anyone is really working at this place.  Don't get me wrong the setting is very nice, rooms very nice but it is like a self-service resort.  No towel service to speak of.  Pool side drink service weak at best.  We had a 3 hour dinner(not by choice) and had almost half comped because they just don't have their act together.  The food quality is high as are the prices but they fail on so many levels. Brunch the next morning brought more of the same. Apathy abounds with very few people exhibiting any interest in providing any discernible service.  Avoid this place at all costs and go to a well run spot which there are plenty in this town!
5	Mother's day weekend really rocked my Kasbah!  I checked in with my sister on Friday and was blown away by the sweeping Morrocan Mansion check in lobby and kind staff.  Our room had an incredible view of the omniscient Camelback Mountain that was the perfect backdrop for our escape.  The real gem in this super cool resort is their spa.  As an international spa junkie I was totally impressed and amazed at each service. Treatment rooms were gorgeously decorated consistent with the Andalusian Morrocan theme which was authentic and made me feel I was oceans away.  My massage was magical and given by Angela so ask for her.  The original hammam steam, cold plunge and terrace private spa pool was immaculate.   The numerous watering holes and canopied loungers made me want to never leave.  Written up by Conde Nast as one of the best new resort Hot Spots, once again let us know those editors know what they're doing.  Take me back to the Oasis, I want to LIVE there.
5	Spent one night here over the Memorial Day weekend because Travel Zoo did a $99 deal for a night with an upgraded room, free poolside cocktails and no resort fee ... nice!The resort feels like an intimate village with a very upscale sensibility (Obama did stay here after all!). Our room was beautiful with an amazing bathroom, huge big bed and great outdoor space with outdoor double recliner bed. We spent most of the day at the adult only Oasis pool which was refreshingly non-sceney. All shapes and sizes were there and the poolside waiters kept the drinks coming all afternoon long!I would go back to this place in a heartbeat or as soon as they have another $99 deal!
3	So I'm a bit behind on my yelping as I actually visited here with a friend earlier this month for a little extended weekend spa va-ca. There were some amazing parts and some not-so, so I thought I would break them down and be more helpful :) Property - Absolutely gorgeous. Not exactly authentic Moroccan decor, but total thought into every ornate detail. Spa, five pools, fitness area, one restaurant, pool side lounge, grab and go breakfast place. Feels so secluded, and with some of the best Camelback Mountain views, would be a great spot for a special event. You felt almost like the only ones there. Room - Kasbah pool villa - somewhat standard room until you venture into the marble 400 sq ft bathroom with incredible spa tub, a shower you could be able to fit 10-12 people in (why not sure, but you could definitely do it) and amazing products. The best was the balcony overlooking the poolside lounge, where you would be able to chill at the end of the day to gorgeous views of the landscape and live jazz music. Complete heaven!! Spa - this property is amazing and so top notch, but at $155-400/treatment you definitely pay for it. Still for a slice of ecstasy and all of the add-ons, it was so worth it. Pay for one 60 min treatment a day and have access to all the fitness classes and huge gym, a private heated and cooled rooftop pool with cabanas and very cute cabana boys keeping your drinks filled. The detox wrap followed by a half hour in the relaxation room was my fav. Warm mud foil wrap layered over an exfoliating treatment, with a scalp massage, foot rub, and full body joint massage...I felt sooo happy and melty all day after this one :) Word to the wise though...STAY away from the Hammam through. The spa concierge really tries to sell it, but is practically a scrub down, dunk in freezing water, and a bit of chaos...not at all relaxing. Restaurants - Here's the single reason for the three stars and that I might not want to revisit. There is only one "real restaurant" on property (the concierge's words not mine) and it is always booked by locals who like to use it as a country club type getaway. We were able to get a table for lunch and dinner the first day, and the food was ok albeit Extremely overpriced for the quality. But who wants to eat the same food, same menu for three days straight. On the last night, we had to escape from the madness. Breakfast, however, was the last straw. The entire restaurant was reserved for a $65/plate Mother's Day brunch, with no where else including room service serving breakfast or lunch. They hadn't even so much as thought about their regular guests and how they would eat. So in speaking to the manager, we came up with several potential remedies, none of which he liked. We ended up leaving the property, paying $50 for back and forth service, all to get served breakfast/lunch, which was no available on property. If you expect great food or great service at the restaurants...not the place. Our search missions to find a decent meal under $100/person, definitely killed any other relaxation we might have had. Fitness - Fantastic yoga classes (if they had the same instructor in LA, I would never leave her class), completely stocked gym with smoothie bar...all weight and cardio equipment imaginable. Overall - three stars. Fantastic property and spa, but somewhat pricey, with horrible restaurant offerings and associated services. I would return for the room, wrap, and rooftop getaway alone, just not longer than I could stand the food situation.
5	Came out during Memorial Weekend and it was the best girls weekend ever!  We felt like ROYALTY!  The service, rooms and food was AMAZING!!!  We wished we didn't have to leave.  We had a great room with a view of the pool and canyon.  We booked thorugh Hotwire and only had to pay $70 a night!
1	Oh no! I really wanted to stay here for the next weekend as friends have a pool party there and I thought it would be nice to go back to the room once wasted. BUT, oh my Intercontinental website - your reservation system was down for 2 or more hours and then a young lady on the fon could not find the internet rate on the Montelucia website and offered me a rate that was $100 more. I guess there is a reason its owned by Holiday Inn.So, I went back to my good ole Hilton friends and now I am staying at the new Ocatilla club section at the Biltmore. BAEH!
4	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for the memorial day weekend. We had the camelback mountain room. The room is nice and big with a good size of backyard. The backyard is our favorite place for breakfast and early evening chillout. There are 2 pools and they are both nice. Staff are friendly. We had a good stay and will recommend to others.The croissant from their cafe Crave is very good.
5	Fair Andalusia, what brings you to the desert?It is the passion and drive of world traveled developers.  Men who wanted to bring antiquity to Phoenix.  Specifically, the Andalusian region of Spain - where Moorish meets Spanish. You find yourself transported to an enchanting village with Hammams, imported antique chapel doors from Spain, The Kasbah Bar, The Prado Restaurant, courtyard fountains, and a wealth of other attributes that make this a remarkable destination for a "stay-cation."  (not to mention, local residents enjoy $125 room rates with a $50 resort credit.)For those in pursuit of palatable delights, below are the following ways in which the Montelucia treats guests and visitors to its charms.The Mbar features a Happy Hour  Monday-Friday, 5-7pm, with $5 cocktails and tapas.  Reverse happy hour is from 10p-11p with cocktail specials and complimentary tapas.  (Monday-Thursdays only)  Typical menu items you will find here are andalusian sausage, manchego with olives, serrano ham, and grilled medjol dates.  I recommend the merguez lamb sausage, and a spanish mojito.  ("moroccan approach" fig and star anise with light rum, mint, lime juice, and valencia oranges)The Prado is fast becoming a popular spot for good grilled fare.  Simple ingredients prepared in an open wood-fired brick oven bring the taste of Andalusia to Phoenix.  Sit on the back patio with sweeping views of the Camelback Mountains, and enjoy some Flamenco music.Prado has lunch specials during the week, which I highly recommend for familiarizing yourself with their menu: entree and chocolate dessert paired with wine for $20, Monday-Friday from 11a-3p.Dinner time will be double the selections offered during lunch, featuring everything from Arroces and Pastas such as the "Fideau latini" (snapper, itoi onions, corona beans, and squid ink) to "Grass fed NY steak"More alluring for locals and visitors alike are the many other featured days at the resort that give back.Every Tuesday from 4-7 p.m., enjoy a wine and cheese happy hour at "Crave", and because the resort is pet-friendly, you can bring your pet.$5 glasses of wine, $3 lattes and a selection of gourmet cheeses and other delectable eats will be available. Pets receive complimentary purified drinking water and treats.The greatest buy, however, is offered by Joya Salon.  They even have a  Happy Hour!  From 3:00 PM to 7:00 PM, you receive a shampoo,Conditioning, Blow-Dry Styling, petite Manicure, and a Martini for $40!  If you want to feel like the king or queen of the Hammam, ask for their Hammam treatment.Along with its activities, Montelucia offers solace and relaxation as well.  With five pools to choose from, you will have your pick of quiet oasis, or  hip and trendy Dj and poolside cocktails.  If you want to completely immerse yourself, and feel like you have landed in "Arabian Nights," stay in the "Andalusian Presidential Suite" and prepare to cry.  For $3,000-$4,000, you get 2800 square feet, a private pool, and fountain in your bedroom - complete with canopied bed.  It's so great that President Obama broke the very traditional and presidential Biltmore visit and stayed here during his visit in February.For all the world travelers out there, and those that don't have the chance to venture out - this $325 million resort is a must-see and do.
4	Still havent stayed there..... gee.But attended the pool party 2 weeks ago on Sunday. Was vegas-ish without the vegas prices and a nicer crowd. Very nice event. Had a lot of fun, will certainly do again.Guess, now I have to stay here one day.
3	I'll start by saying the Resort itself and the grounds are an Absolute 5 stars but the staff is what brings them down to 2 or 3 stars. I should start from the beginning. I booked a weekend stay for my birthday. I called them from the airport around 11:30am to see if we could check in prior to the usual 4pm check in time and I was told my room was ready and to come right over. Once I got there I was told my room was not ready and it was also not in the area I reserved. The girl assured me it wouldn't take long and She would call my phone shortly to let me know. I went back to wait in my car with the A/C on because I was with my Husband and my baby pup Zoey and I couldn't have her waiting around in the heat. 20-25 minutes went by and I was getting antsy so I decided to go inside and see what the hold up was. The girl who originally helped me was gone, I was greeted by Nina who was very apologetic to the situation, offered me a complimentary bottle of wine for my birthday and the inconvenience and got us into a room right away. We were told that we had to use the guest parking and be taken by Bellman to our room when the website clearly stated guests staying in our particular village could use the nearby self parking area, which would be most convenient for someone who didn't want to be "trapped" at the resort, in case we wanted to dine off the property etc. but I was told that that area was parking for the people who lived there only. All right, so we are taken to our room which was Fabulous! The bathroom was Gorgeous we had a ground floor room with a great patio and grassy area for the dog. I was very happy once those check-in kinks were worked out. We decided to get settled and then tour the property. Again I will say that the grounds are simply stunning I could not have asked to be in a more Beautiful Location. We checked out Crave Cafe had some Iced Tea and got a few treats for the dog. Then we decided to grab a lit snack at the Prado (I'll review that separately) From there we took a look around the Joya Spa and since my manicure the previous day was falling apart I asked to make and appointment for a polish change. (I'll also review separately) At that point we headed back to our room to relax and clean up before dinner. No word on our wine at that point so I called the front desk, Nina was unavailable but the new girl that helped me assured me she would find out the situation and call me right back. I never got called back. I never got the wine. We went over to Prado for dinner and boy were they busy. Ashley our server was very on top of it though we had great service and an Amazing meal definitely 5 stars but again that will be another review. After that Delicious meal and drinks we were ready for bed! This is where the trouble starts. These beds are boasted as "Divine" but I felt as though the bed was swallowing me up it was Soooooooo Soft to the point of extremely uncomfortable. I need more firm support as I'm spoiled by my $4,000 Tempur-Pedic mattress at home. Along with sinking in the bed and pillows and not being able to get comfortable tossing and turning all night there were some Very Noisy guests with kids next door and above us slamming doors all night and stampeding around upstairs. After not sleeping all night I did not feel like I wanted to continue our stay, I was ready to check out. I did come here to relax after all. I called the front desk to let them know why and Spoke with the night manager David who expressed how he wanted us to stay and offered to move us to a nicer quieter room, get me a massage and take care of our breakfast. He said he would work out the details while we ate and call me back. Well Unfortunately he never called me back and by that point I was tired of the empty promises I had received since the get go. We packed up and headed for check out. Now another manager I presume was in Davids place. I was really bummed I had been looking forward to this all month. The staff seems to run on 30minutes shifts, every time you turn around there is a new face and no one is communicating to each other about whats going on. And only 2 out of 10 actually pronounced my last name right, that was getting annoying. We work very hard for our money and I didn't think it was worth spending another night dealing with staff who didn't have enough courtesy, respect or training, whatever the case may be, to follow through and with the promises and offers they so willingly threw out there. So Again 5 star resort with 2-3 star service. Since they are local friendly I can come here anytime and enjoy the restaurants, spa and pools without having to spend the night and deal with incompetence.
5	I have visited the grounds on about a dzn occasions.  They really offer alot to locals, (moi).  {See Jaqequeline H. rvw which goes into depth of happy hours, ect}.FINALLY stayed here last wknd.  Summer rates are $125 with a $50 resort credit (quickly used on the Thursday Spa Special: Martini, Manicure, Hair Wash, Set & Styled $40).  Kids Club is awesome.  Borrow the bikes and ride around the property to get a good look at it, otherwise it's ALOT of walking.  (and you should see it all!  beautiful).I think i had the room with the BESTEST view!  (pic on their brochures, actually).  Service at front desk prompt, efficient, curitous & professional.  (for some reason, I had a bottle of champange & chocolate covered strawberries in my room?!  YUM :-)  i took it and didnt' dare ask any questions!  lolFitness facilities amazing.  Luv the reasonable Crave Cafe for quick munchies, breakfast, bottles of wine, doggie treats.The only problem I had was the hidden cost of a $25 resort fee which was tacked on and never indicated anywhere at any time to me apon booking, checking in - just appeared on my bill - Grrrrr.
2	i am a local who wanted to take advantage of the summer rates...  first, upon check-in i was handed a card listing what i was getting for the daily $24 resort fee... i said i didn't need that... they said it is automatically added to the room fee each day ... no one mentioned this when i called to make my reservation, it was not even mentioned while checking in...  my first hint of this fee was after the fact... is this legal?... when i made a fuss, they took off 1 days fees ( i stayed 2 nights).. still, this was not a good start.... since it was slow, i was upgraded to a room with a better view.. that was nice....ate at prado ... that was good.... and went to sleep...  i found the bed to be very comfortable.. perfect for me...upon awakening i made a spa appointment for the afternoon.... went to the pool and swam  (loved it) and off to the spa... the spa is absolutely beautiful!..  my treatments with heather were the best .. you must try the hammam...so, all this sounds like a grand time and you might be wondering why i only gave them 2 stars...my horror story starts about 1:30 am... i was awoken by a constantrather loud chirping sound.. it was coming from the smoke alarm... my first thought was that maybe there was a fire ... i called the front desk and was told that there was no fire ... it probably is that the alarm needs new batteries and they would send someone up... 30 minutes later two men came and found that the alarm is not even operated by batteries....not to get into a long lesson about electricity (which i was held hostage to hear).. the solution was to wet the contacts and that should do it... so at 2:15 they left and i settled in to go back to sleep.... 20 minutes later, as i was drifting off, guess what happened... that's right... it started again.... so, at around 3:15 they returned and said they would tend to it tomorrow... to grab my purse as they were escorting me to another room so i could sleep ... ok, the best solution at the time... and at 3:30 am i got into my new bed still a little rattled, and fell asleep around 4am..  at 8 am i went back to my room with the chirpee alarm ... still singing ... called the front desk, which being a new shift, proceeded to explain the whole senario over again... they were going to send up an electrician sometime that morning... i explained i was checking out and would prefer if they handled it after i left as i wanted to take a shower etc... ok they said but guess what... just getting out of the shower there is a knock at my door... you guessed it, the electrician.. to whom i repeated the story and said there was nothing he could do until he called the alarm company...at 10:15 i was ready to leave and called for transport ( they have these carts to take you around the grounds).. i was told when i checked in that when you call for one it would be there in 5 minutes..  but 30 minutes passed and no cart... i called again and apologetically they said one would be sent over right away... i guess to them, right away is another 20 minutes...  finally, i am at check-out...when asked how i was, i said tired, they said why... that's right... no one at the desk knew about the alarm saga.. i can't believe i have to tell the whole story again!.. where is the communication between shifts , why is there no note on their computer?after much " oh how horrible"  from 2 receptionists she said " well, for your inconvenience we can take off 1 $24 resort fee from your bill.. frankly, i was shocked...  i said that was not good enough..  she said i have ask my manager who was not there... i said let me speak with someone who can do something... the manager appears and guess what... i have to repeat the saga again!..  with no compassion or even concern he says they would take off 50% of the one nights stay...  i truly felt i was at a flea market bargaining for some fair deal.... i felt embarrassed and angry at the way i was being treated... i said fine and paid and left...  come on now, this is a 4 star hotel that brags about its treatment of clients... i felt i was treated shabbily and would never return for that reason... even if the spa was great..... i have since tried to contact someone affiliated with the hotel who i could tell this story to and would do something about (1) springing the $24 resort fee with no mentioning it and (2) how cheesily i was treated... i have found no one yet, but i will keep trying...
4	Recently spent a weekend in the comfort of the Montelucia and was pleasantly surprised at the homey comfort feeling.  Maybe it has to do with the recession, but the Montelucia is certainly more laid back and friendly than the prim and proper Phoenician, or the elegant and lovely  Biltmore - both of which have their time and place, but for a lux hang-out weekend the Montelucia did the trick.  Our room was standard sized but sumptuously outfitted, with a lovely back deck facing Camelback Mountain.  The "adults only" pool is also an option near and dear to my heart, as I appreciate the lack of screaming tots and preening teens.  The afternoon with friends was spent at the main pool - a rather chaotic but clean gigantic pool with an adjacent open air cafe and bar.  We rented a covered cabana - a prerequisite for spending an afternoon in the Arizona summer sun.  The place is laid out a little wacky, resulting in an inordinate amount of time spent hiking  between pool/restaurant and the room in the mid-afternoon sun.  The restaurant situation needs improvement (see my review of Prado), and an indoor place to wait for the valet to deliver the car would also be appreciated. While the summer deals for locals are impressive and I was pleased with the accommodations, the cost of eating at the hotel will probably send me elsewhere for my next staycation.
4	This was my second stay at this location and I was treated very well. Upon checking in, the manager taking me to my room to the massage at their spa I felt pampered beyond belief. The pools are great, the cabanas are snazzy and the restaurants served us well. I had a great rate, got tons of points and enjoyed all aspects of the resort.
5	I recently spent a week here and loved it!  I thought we got great service, a great rate and the rooms were fantastic (especially the bed and the bathroom).  Everyone was very pleasant, helpful, and service oriented.  The resort is organized into "villages."  We were in Fountain Village, which I ended up thinking was the best, anyway.  We were a little farther away from the pools, but it was much more peaceful back there.  We had the option to upgrade to the kasbah pool village, but I am infinitely glad that we did not.  It was about a minute walk to the kasbah pool and less to the oasis pool. The spa service was AWESOME...but very expensive.  I mean--the spa is massive and very nicely appointed, so I can see why the treatments need to be so expensive...but it's definitely a splurge for me.  If you go to the spa, take advantage of your all day access to the pool and other amenities...and also the dried mangoes in the waiting area.  Seriously...they are really, really good.  The restaurant was great for all meals except for dinner, but I reviewed that separately.  I think the resort would benefit from going in a different direction as far as their restaurant goes (for dinner at least).  The kasbah grill was our main choice for lunch by the pool and we had great service, food and drinks.  I would definitely go back again.
4	Lucky me! I got to spend last weekend here in honor of the infamous Gabi K's (ahem, I mean Gabi M) wedding. And this gorgeous hotel is quite fitting for the wedding of a Yelp "celebrity."  My husband and I checked in late on a Friday night and the only rooms left were suites....and so we were upgraded to a magnificent suite overlooking the adult pool and Camelback Mountain.  I know, you're feeling real sorry for us right now. ;)  Our suite was HUGE with a separate living room, bathroom fit for a queen, a balcony the size of my bedroom back home, and 2 flat screen TVS.  After some fiddling with the TV we discovered they had tivo, which meant my husband could tivo the Northwestern game while we enjoyed hiking Camelback the next morning. Phew- the weather was too nice to stay inside watching TV!The resort was just as heavenly outside of our suite: an adult pool, a noisy pool for those of you with kiddies, delicious food, incredible workout facility including spinning classes, and a $32 million dollar spa.  I had thought about booking a couples massage before my trip, but my husband suggested we hold off since we've been going thru lots of dough lately. . After one look at the spa he asked me when we'd be indulging in our couples massage and I reminded him of our plan to save money.  His response "when have you ever listened to me in the past?" Next time I'll definitely be booking that massage, although this time I did get to enjoy a blissful shower in the spa. Gabi's wedding was absolutely perfect.  The ceremony took place on the Valencia lawn with a breathtaking view of the mountain and then we moved inside the Valencia ballroom for dinner and dancing.  The neutral colored ballroom looked lovely with the beautiful fall colored flowers Gabi chose.The suite, facilities, and wedding were worthy of a 5 star review. So why the 4 stars? The resort seemed to be a bit short staffed over the weekend and the service at the pool, restaurant and throughout the resort was very slllloooowwww.   Wait 30 minutes for an Arnold Palmer slow.   I was surprised they didn't have more people working knowing there was a celebrity wedding there over the weekend. ;)
5	The Montelucia was an amazing venue for our "destination wedding" weekend... The majority of our guests stayed on-site and although we live only ten minutes away, we checked in for the weekend as well.  The staff was friendly and extremely accommodating.  Ever since our initial meeting with Courtney back in February, I was sold.  Courtney was our go-to gal throughout all of the planning stages up until the event.  She worked with us on room rates for our guests, ceremony and reception details, menu, bar, decor, and more... She's since been promoted and Kelly was brought into the picture, but it was a seamless transition.  Sure, I could nit pick about a few of our guests not receiving hospitality bags, housekeeping coming in crazy early to clean rooms, or the fact that the sorbet (intermezzo course) was served prematurely and melted before most were able to enjoy it... but these things are to be expected at such a large scale event, and I'm extremely satisfied at how the weekend went.  (Besides, I'd much rather everyone be getting down on the dance floor than sitting down eating)!Our guests enjoyed the pools, the service, the rooms, the spa, yoga classes, Prado, Crave, Kasbah, and more.  The wedding itself was amazing as was the Sunday brunch that we had poolside.  The bell staff were fabulous and there are a few other staff that went above and beyond that I must mention by name:-Aleisha, the concierge - she was overly friendly and helpful throughout the weekend; especially on our wedding day when we needed a last minute place for make-up.  She also brought us much needed bottles of water and was super sweet to Minnie!-Tom, Joya Fitness Director - he allowed us to use the spin bikes to have a private little wedding day spin class that my friend Karle taught... it was the perfect way to start my special day!-Julio - my personal butler for the day... Julio was there for any and every request that I had... he provided the most amazing service I've ever had including fulfilling my requests for water, safety pins, salted nuts, a steamer, wine, champagne, and I'm sure so much more!If I could have my wedding all over again, I wouldn't change a thing... (OK - maybe I'd change the weather to be just a tad cooler).  But one thing is for certain: the Montelucia was a fabulous venue to have our wedding at and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for an incredibly special place to spend an hour, a night, a week, or more.  If you haven't been yet, go check it out - I hope you enjoy it as much as I do!
5	This by far is one of the best spa's in the "Phoenix" area. Absolutely amazing and breathtaking facility.First of all the place is huge! To get from the reception to the spa area, they walk you up a 300 stairs staircase. Then you walk into this area where you take a stone and make an affirmation type thing. Very zen. Then you walk into this area with a huge glowing crystal before you enter the actual spa part. I already felt relaxed. The massage was what I needed and worked the areas I needed worked on. She also gave me some nice stretches as well which I have never had a massage therapist do, I liked it. The spa had all the nice amenities you would expect one to have, the steam room, dry sauna, whirlpool and even an ice cold deluge where you basically dump 50 degree water on to your self! Not for me! They had a nice relaxing room with beds and canopies as well. It was male/female and tres romantic....I  can imagine what has gone on in this room.......The products this spa uses are one of the best smelling spa products (other than Bliss) that I have come across. I regret not bringing any home.Next time I am back in Scottsdale and need a spa experience, I will def go back to Montelucia!
5	largest spa on the west coast!  24 hour adult pool.  i tend to run into "slightly famous" people here.  the plastic grass, cabanas, huge pools/jacuzzi's, etc make this a great place to unwind.  the views are breathtaking, there's a hammock, people are friendly.
4	Lucky me! I stayed here between Christmas and New Year's and this resort hotel perfectly fit the bill for a getaway from a brutal Chicago winter. I will note that there is a $25 resort fee and that does not include use of the steam room. Am surprised that the steam room was left out, given the fact that this experience was otherwise inclusive (e.g. use of 24-hour fitness facility, complimentary yoga classes, guided tours up Camelback mountain). The rooms were well- appointed, which is to be expected, and I could have happily conducted all of my activities from the bed. Things could have been better lit around the facility, as the rooms and grounds were dark at times, but this can be easily remedied, and perhaps some of this can be chalked up to the time of year that I visited. The restaurant Prado and Mbar on site are well worth a visit if you are staying at the property.
5	Very nice property located in Paradise Valley section of PHX.  Stayed here for a week and was very impressed.  Some of the highlights:huge rooms huge bathrooms, really really oversizednice new flatscreeneach room that i saw had its own private porch.  mine had a small table with two chairs plus a lounger for laying downamazing views of camelback mountain.they have 3 pools on property, all of which were heated.  in mid december i was swimming at night, awesome. also two or three hot tubs.24 hour rooms service, valet, laundry service.  price i paid was reasonable, mid 100's a night, pretty inexpensive actually.  while there i drove over to the sanctuary, which looked nicer, but i'm sure it's way more expensive, but if you got the coin you might want to check it out.  this, however, was worthy of a fifth star.  absolutely no complaints.
4	Yes the resort is gorgeous, the rooms beautiful and staff overly friendly.  If i were just rating the resort i would give it 4+ stars but due to the restaurant and spa experiences i am knocking off a star.We ate at the restaurant for breakfast one morning, i ordered an egg white omelet which took forever.  When it came i almost choked on it b/c there was a 2 inch branch in my omelet. Literally.  I called the waitress over and she said she would check. She came back and said it was a thyme branch, no apologies or anything.  I seriously would have choked had i swallowed it.  The whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth - no pun intended :)the spa: is GORGEOUS. No doubt.  however, i am not sure my massage was worth the cost. I get massages regularly and my masseuse and my husband's masseuse were super chatty.  If i am paying $150 for 50 minutes i want to zone out and relax...not have you telling me stories about your kids and weather.  The facilities are gorgeous, i wish i just got a day pass to lounge in there instead of the massage.
3	I did not stay here. I merely visited someone who was staying here. I did check out most of the place, but I didn't get to sleep in a bed or try out the food or get a massage. I did get to sit by the fireplace and walk around the property. I also sat in the bar and tried out their bathroom. Bathroom was the best part about this place. It was like having my own tiny private apartment with a toilet. The staff here is referred to as "talent" which I found not only pretentious and annoying, but also a complete misnomer. The waitresses kept switching between "acting" nice and attentive to us and being bitchy and annoyed by our presence. We weren't dressed like we had a million dollars - perhaps that's why. Or maybe it was that we were using free drink tickets. We tipped.The drinks were terrible. Among the most awful drinks I've ever had. What was supposed to be a fruity cocktail tasted like sour and bitter lemon water wrung out of a dirty bar rag into a fancy glass. The bar closed quite early and seemed super annoyed that we were still there. We left to go get drinks elsewhere and had a better time. When I returned to drop my friend off, we were sitting in the back lot chatting in my car for a bit - a talent in a golf cart rolled up and requested I roll down the window. I assumed he was going to tell me I had to get my Honda jalopy the fuck out of here... instead he asked if there was anything we needed or wanted. Without missing a beat, I asked him for some Grey Poupon. He didn't lol. We did.My friend assured me the resort was pretty rad as a resort outside of the experience we had. It's a gorgeous spot. I wish the old waterfall pool was still there though instead. I gave it the benefit of the doubt with 3 stars. Perhaps if you are staying there as a vacation, the "talent" will kiss your ass more.
5	To anyone who carps about some minor service-related gripe, like how the girl at reception didn't smile when she greeted you, you're TOTALLY missing the point.This place has to be the best of the Valley's upscale resorts. It's brand-new, which gives it an edge over the Phoenician and Biltmore (both of which I visited just out of curiosity), and it's gorgeous.Even the fact that my room wasn't ready until 4:30 couldn't take away from the whole experience. Hell, the whole place could basically be self-service, and I would still have enjoyed my recent stay immensely.I can see why President Obama stayed here, and I'm definitely telling my friends to check this place out if they're Phoenix-bound and looking to splurge.
3	The Montelucia has no soul.I have been hesitant to review this resort, but after reading a few other Yelpers gush over it... I felt it needed to be done.  I am not a "20 Something"... or a "30 Something"... just barely still a "40 Something" reviewer.  I have experienced the best of the best and seen the worst.  I am not easily wowed by a new pretty face. My husband and I have traveled around the world several times and enjoy all that life has to offer.  Needless to say, we have stayed at more than a few 5 star resorts.  The InterContinental comes up a few stars short.Our first exposure to the Montelucia was our 22nd Wedding Anniversary.  Now, let me preface this with, we always stay at the Royal Palms for our anniversary, but since the leader of the free world and his entourage had just stayed there, we thought we would break tradition and give it a try.  Royal Palms need not worry, we will be back next year.  Our 2nd floor room was nice, in a very expected, yet corporate way, bed, table, chairs, nothing special. Large bathroom with big tub (dissecting the bathroom from the open shower in a strange way), view of Camelback from our small balcony overlooking a cart path and more rooms beyond.  Nothing special at all.  Overall it had a dark feeling.We had dinner reservations, but decided to first go down and enjoy the pool and some cocktails.  Unfortunately, there were several large groups (corporate groups) doing the same thing.  The noise level was high as every surrounding surface was concrete. I would hate a room that was by the pool.  Which leads to my biggest complaint about this resort.  It has no soul.   The architecture is trying to be Moorish, but misses the mark and comes across more as mid 2000's boring, let's slap up a few arches, some stucco, lots of concrete, ochre paint and pass it off as such.  Once past the reception area, all of the buildings look alike, with cart paths intertwined. Which brings me to my next complaint.  You can either call for a golf cart to pick you up.... and wait... and wait.... and wait... or you can walk across the grounds, lost among the look alike buildings trying to locate the pool, spa or restaurant.  Umm, no thank you, not very good customer service at 5 star resort.We had dinner at Prado.  No complaints, excellent dinner service and food.  Returning to our room, we settled in to enjoy the evening.  Unfortunately, the 2nd floor elevator was not far from our our door.  Countless times we heard and were awakened by the "BING!" as the elevator reached the 2nd floor.  WTF????  You would think that some genius would have figured out that the "BING!" maybe was not necessary on a two floor building in the middle of the night.  Woke us up every time.  In addition, a party of young men were staying in the "Presidential Casita" just across the cart path from our room and had a wild party that broke up at 2 AM.  Needless to say, security had to be consulted and our sleep was again interrupted.The next morning we decided to have breakfast at Prado and check out early to enjoy the day.  We were seated inside, decided to have the buffet and were horrified by what happened next.  As we stood waiting for the chef to cook our omelets, the waiters rearranged and moved our table from one area of the room to another, all in an effort to accommodate another large group.  At this point, my husband, very mild, non complaining and easy gong, had had enough.  The manager immediately responded (where was she when the waiters were playing musical chairs with our table??) profusely apologized and comped our entire bill.  It was almost embarrassing how she fawned over us at that point.  Even brought us desert after our meal. (It was breakfast!)Shortly after, we checked out, weary, needing a nap after our "relaxing Anniversary stay". Needless to say, we both agreed, we would never stay there again.Since then we have attended several charity events at the Montelucia.  Food and beverage have always been well handled.  Valet service is seriously lacking each time.Would I schedule an Event there?  Possibly, if the price and terms were right.  Would I stay there again as a guest? Definitely not.  There are many more wonderful resorts in the Valley that truly understand what it means to be a 5 star resort.The InterContinental Montelucia just lacks substance.... and quite possibly a soul.
4	Let me preface this by saying my stay here was for a company trip and everything was comped.Nevertheless, this resort is AMAZING.  My suite was one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in.  The staff was extremely gracious and the the grounds were very well kept.  If I were just reviewing the the actual resort and not the restaurant, it'd be 5 stars.The food at Prado is good...but not great.  For the price, I'd probably go somewhere else.  The chef served our party the taster's menu, so we had small portions of everything on the menu.  The portions were good and the wine was fantastic.
4	The Good: The Rooms: Our suite was gorgeous. Our room had an amazingly comfy bed with two big flat screen TVs with Tivo! We also had a large patio complete with dining table/chairs and two huge lounge chairs. The rooms are designed in Hamman style with few windows. I think it works well. The location: The Montelucia is in the heart of Paradise Valley. It's surrounded by other high-end resorts and McMansions and is about a 10-15 minute walk to the Echo Canyon Trail of Camelback Mountain. While the resort tries to be all inclusive I still recommend getting a car and checking out neighboring areas. The Crowd: If you're looking for some quiet R&R then this is the place to go. There really isn't Vegas style partying going on here. It's more of an older crowd with Muffy and Buffy types as guests. I appreciated the fact that I didn't have to deal with drunk obnoxious guests at the wee hours of the morning. The amenities: The resort offers a 24 hour fitness center which had great equipment, access to the Spa's sauna, hot tub, and cold deluge. Wi-fi is available throughout the resort so you could sit by the pool and be checking your email. The Cons: Resort Fee: If you do research on other websites you'll see a lot of discussions about a $24 resort fee. This is a fee that is added on per room per day. Supposedly it covers your access to the fitness center, free wifi and self-parking. I personally think it sucks and that they should've tacked it on to the overall room charge. Just be forewarned that this is another fee that is not always included in your original room quote. Check in time (my biggest negative): We got to Paradise Valley fairly early in the morning. Like our other experiences at comparable resorts and hotels, we were expecting a wait but not too long of a wait. So we started the check in process and was told by the front desk that they would just give us a call when our room was ready... Fast forward four hours later; we still had not received a call yet from the hotel. We give them a call to check on the status of our room and were given a half assed response. Since we had a spa appointment at the resort we decided to just go to the spa and hopefully hear back from the hotel after our treatment... Fast forward two more hours (yes that's six hours and at this time its already 6PM). We still had not received a phone call from the hotel. We had to call the front desk and again ask for a status of our room and had to basically get transferred from one person to another until we got our answer. We finally got a room comparable to what we paid for. However, we discovered that they gave us the handicap suite and that we could be moved if the suite needed to be used. This infuriated me given that we made our reservations here months in advanced and arrived early to be put into a queue for a suite we had already prepaid for. Further, we had dinner plans that evening and had to rush to get ready. I highly recommend being incredibly persistent with getting your room here. There are some nightmare stories about people not getting the correct rooms and being screwed over by this resort. Waiting in Line: Everywhere we went at this resort, we had to wait in line because they were seriously understaffed. Other Yelpers have mentioned this so I'll leave it at that. Overall, the Montelucia has potential but I think it has a few kinks it needs to address. I recommend doing your research with the resorts in the area (as there are a lot of them) and reading reviews as I feel the ones I've read on the Montelucia are pretty reflective of how things are there.
2	I have to say, when I first heard that Montelucia was opening, I was really excited to try out the resort.  Been there several times now and I have to say that I am disappointed for such a gorgeous place in a picture perfect setting, the service is not better.  I regret to say the lack of attentive service that goes with the resort setting prevents me from going back there on a regular basis!
4	My friend and I happened upon the Montelucia while searching for a spa resort and we were not disappointed.  Absolutely AMAZING spa and spa services.  We arrived early and the hotel accommodated us immediately. We were taken on a tour of the property prior to be taken to our room and the grounds impressive. The spa at the Montelucia is incredible and the service at the spa  five star, despite a "glitch" in my massage appointment.  The "signature"room was spacious, bathroom impressive and  most excellent beds!  Our only negative experience at the Montelucia was the one evening we chose to have drinks at the ROQ and decided to order a light meal.  I ended up sending my salad back and my companion would have sent hers back also, except she was too embarrassed to do so.  We did try the brunch one morning at Prado, and were also disappointed.  Hence, the four stars.  That being said, I am dreaming of the next time I can return to the Montelucia for the spa experience!
5	A very restful and luxurious resort. Built in Spanish Mediterranean style, it has a great location not far from the airport, but nestled among desert mountains. The facility has everything you need to relax -- multiple pools and dining options. A great place to spend a few days!
5	Wonderful resort, great for business meetings and events as well. If you want to impress your associates, this is where you need to take them.  Amazing views, great service and staff, wonderful experience.  Do yourself a favor and check it out.
4	With so many reviews about the Monte Lucia, I wasn't sure I could bring anything new to the table until I experienced a perfect stay-cation there this weekend. Setting: For travelers and locals alike, this is a great location not just because it's situated right in the middle of Scottsdale and Phoenix, but because it's nestled at the base of Camelback Mountain. The views make you forget about the lack of ocean and embrace the desert beauty. I give the architect a virtual high five for placing the restaurant, pools and spa at the base of the gorgeous mountain and creating a spectacular view. With the Moroccan vibes and a trendy look and feel, it's hard to describe an experience at the Monte Lucia. It's as if you've entered another land but stayed in Phoenix all at the same time. Visit and you'll know what I'm talking about. Summer Sensations! The reason I decided to add to the review pool for Monte Lucia is primarily to give them a round of kudos for keeping the social calendar alive this summer! I attended the Monte Lucia's first Summer concert series this past Friday at the poolside restaurant. Event planner, thumbs up!! The stage was situated at the edge of the courtyard overlooking the pool and Camelback Mountain.  The cocktails were flowing and the wait staff passed out delicious sliders. We were hoping to eat at RQQ but everyone else had the same idea, so the wait was over an hour. If you'd like to eat, take my advice and make a reservation so you don't drink your dinner like I did. :) The band was great and they have a summer lineup of different bands each Friday night. I plan on making this one of my weekend hot spots. The next day, I visited the pool to enjoy the 80 degree weather while it lasted. Unfortunately, by the time we got there, the lounge chairs in the main pool were filled with bodies, so the staff directed us to the Oasis Pool (18 and over only). I remain partial to the main pool (mostly because of the view. Can you tell I'm obsessed much?), but the Oasis pool was calming and cooling. The BBQ was going with $5 hot dogs or sliders.  At first they charged $5 for one slider, but they finally changed it to offer two sliders because $5 for one little itty bitty burger was just asking too much. So, if you're looking for some fun in the hot blazing sun this summer in AZ, you should check out the Monte Lucia. Their social calendar will keep you entertained all weekend, no matter your age. They even had S'mores buffet at 6:00 p.m. on Saturday. My waistline is in a fight with me today, but I am ok with that! Pool advisory: If you want to secure chairs, get there EARLY. They also have pool parties on Sundays so the earlier the better. They also warned us that if you leave your seat for over 30 minutes, you might be subject to losing the chair for good, so be sure to come back and say hi to your chairs every now and then.Other Monte Lucia amenities to torture your pocket book with: the spa is out of this world and has a rooftop pool and both restaurants are quite tasty.
3	Definitely more of a destination hotel.  You feel like you're in a different country, and there's no other hotels like this one in the area - so in that respect it's kind of nice.  It was quite a long walk from my room to the lobby area.  There's only 1 designated parking lot for guests (near the lobby) so not very convenient.  They have a good selection of meeting space available and the spa has a fun mystical feel.  They have a couple of great spaces for weddings.  The main pool looks very cool as it's set infinity style.  I had a chance to check out two of their  2 bedroom homes and they're very nice!  They both have a different look & feel.  In fact Obama stayed in 1 of them.
1	I went to the Intercontinental Montelucia because my girlfriend grew up in Arizona and wanted to come back and visit.  She loves being in the water and by the pool so I booked a room that had pool access.  When I arrived on Thursday night, the pool was available for us to use and we used the gate right by our room to enter the pool.  This was incredibly convenient and a great plus for us.  On Saturday, we were going to spend a day at the pool and lounge as well as catching up on some reading.  Unfortunately, when we went to the gate, we were shocked to see the gate locked with a sign stating that pool access was closed and I had to use the north entrance.  I called the front desk and ended up speaking to the pool manager.  She was incredibly nice and friendly and understanding of my concerns but ultimately was unable to help.  She explained that on Saturdays and Sundays, the gates are locked so that non-guests who have to pay a fee to use the pool, would not be able to freely access the pool.  It was, in her words, ultimately for my benefit that the gates are locked so that I would have more easy access to pool side chairs and towels.  I understand that concern, but ultimately as a guest, I believe my convenience of being able to access the pool straight from my room, which I was under the assumption from when I booked my stay as well as when I checked in, would come first.  I asked her why didn't they install gates that could only be opened with a room key, to which she replied is being installed in about two weeks after my stay.  That didn't help matters, and I'm amazed Intercontinental lacked the foresight to installs those from the beginning.
4	This is a beautiful resort is full of exceptional attention to even the smallest of details.  The rooms and Prado restaurant have beautiful Tuscan decor and the ROQ and other areas of the resort have a Southwest /  Mexican feel.  It is very well done.  The staff is outstanding, yet inobtrusive.  The rooms are beautiful - combining old and new.  They have gorgeous bathrooms and nice patios / balconies.  The bed is so wonderful that it is hard to get out of it.My one and only complaint is the mandatory resort fee which supposedly includes parking, complimentary wireless internet and access to the Joya spa.  We were led to believe that this fee was optional and you could decline it but that was not the case.  We were there one day, did not use the internet, parking or spa.  Also, we ate two meals in Prado, whereas many other guests brought pizza and subs, along with beer and wine, to their rooms and others went to other restaurants in the area.  I feel if you eat in the restaurants and drink in the resort's bars the resort fee should be waived or be included in the daily rate since supposedly all guests have to pay it.We are frequent Intercontinental Hotel guests in different cities and have never experienced this add-on fee.  I personally found it insulting and will take this into consideration in the future and stay at a resort that does not have such a fee.
4	The Family came in town this past weekend but before they booked they were looking for a good recommendation. It was going to be my brother who is lower 20's my mom and my grandparents. So I was thinking middle of summer grandparents who aren't going to hike camelback by any means where would be a good spot? Montelucia it is! First off they got a great deal which added to the value. In regards to their stay they couldn't have been happier. The amenities were top notch. The happening pool was just the right amount of craziness that didn't turn off my grandparents but kept my younger brother happy. On Friday nights they have a live band which was great. All in all a somewhat great experience. So like I said earlier they got a great deal through Expedia. This is where the Montelucia loses a star. When my family was checking out they hit them with a number of "resort fees" which in the end totaled up to another $100 or so dollars. It was a crazy amount but still the principle that they weren't expecting that. However with that being said I would recommend the Montelucia due to their service, amenities and dedication to being the top resort in PHX.
5	Absolutely Gorgeous!Words do not describe how amazing this resort is... and I have yet to try their top rated Joya Spa. The resort grounds are beautiful, the pool was family friendly but still fun for a group of 20 somethings to enjoy, and the restaurant happy hour from 3-6 was beyond great.What stood out to me the most is that this place felt like a true escape, being away from the street and as if you had been whisked away on a vacation.I highly recommend this place for any valley resident to get a break from their day to day routine. They are offering great deals for the rest of the summer, thru Sept 6th.
5	Went one weekend for a friends birthday and had a small minor issues. We mentioned it to the hotel staff and they went well above exceptions to fix it. They have a great bar that's good for happy hour. The food at their main restaurant is amazing! Wonderful for special occasions or a business dinner. They get 5 stars because they care about their customers...and serve awesome food.
4	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this hotel! Def. worth a stay if you're headed to Scottsdale or want some R&R.Pros: -- Great location in Scottsdale-- Resort fee includes access to the spa (which is amazing - check-out the rooftop pool), gym, self-parking and wireless internet in the room.-- Rooms are huge (I had a one bedroom suite)-- Bathrooms are HUGE (nice, big bathtub)-- Each room has a balcony/deck with comfy furniture-- Great pools with comfortable chaise loungesCons:-- Expensive food/drinks-- Very average room service-- During my stay in the summer it was DEAD. While it was nice to stay somewhere quiet, it was almost too quiet - no one was here! Makes me wish I got an even better room rate.
3	Overall I really do like this place. My husband and I got married here June 2010 and have been in love with the atmosphere since we first stumbled upon the resort a year ago. You walk into the entry and feel like you aren't in Arizona anymore, that is extremely rare to find in the area. The grounds are beautiful, the colors just pop and the furnishings are beautiful from the lounge furniture everywhere outside and on the room balconies to the beds that make you want to spend the whole day sleeping. The food is incredible, we have never had a bad experience at Prado and the sweet potato fries out at Kasbah are an addiction for me. The service is almost always above and beyond and they seem to treat everyone like they've been waiting just for you. However that is based on the two times I have stayed at the resort in the "off season" during the summer, once in September 2009 and again the end of July 2010. Our wedding weekend turned out disastrous and the service was terrible. To start, the minimums are very high so with the amount we ended up spending we should have had close to impeccable service. The reality was that the resort coordinator ended up quitting or getting fired two weeks before our event and while the woman that took over for her was great and caught up with our wants and needs very quickly, it should have just been a red flag for how things were going to go. First our rooms got screwed up so many times. We had the groomsmen getting out of the heat in my room as the ladies were getting ready because the room they were supposed to be using wasn't ready until three hours later then we were told it would be. Also our wedding package included use of the Bridal room and wine cellar for the respective sides of the wedding party to wait in leading up to the ceremony. The guys were in the wine cellar for five minutes before they were kicked out by staff because "a dinner event needed to be set up in the room"(which ended up being the vendor meals?). The room keys consistently did not work for a lot of people in our party, we had at least ten reserved rooms and everyone had some problem with the keys. My husband even had to leave me in the hallway ON OUR WEDDING NIGHT so he could go up front in his tux and get the key to our honeymoon suite fixed. Real romantic. Then there was a huge issue with IDs. At the Reception not only did they forget to serve champagne to the parent's table but they started carding people (after alcohol had already been served at the cocktail reception AND the champagne toast) and refused to serve the head table wine until our wedding party produced IDs. Some of our Bridesmaids and Groomsmen had to leave our reception to get IDs from their rooms. One of my guests was threatened to be asked to leave because she had a glass of wine in front of her that had been poured earlier and she didn't have ID on her. This wasn't a teenager trying to drink, it was a married woman with a child. No wedding guest should EVER be told they will be kicked out. There were other serving issues such as a waiter dripping salad dressing both on my husband's vest and my wedding dress and my new Mother-In-Law being bumped in the head multiple times by serving staff with wine bottles. One other thing that totally turned me off to the place was that they started doing pool parties at the "family pool" on Sundays for non-guests with a DJ and a packed pool of "Scottsdale Finest" in all their plastic barely dressed glory. Imagine my surprise after encouraging all my out of town family with young children to stay at the resort so we could spend time together. Then again there was drama getting carded AGAIN just sitting by the pool because we had alcohol in our cabana that everyone wasn't partaking of but everyone must produce ID, this led to my new husband having to go all the way back to our room to get my ID. I didn't expect to have to have identification on me at all times on my wedding weekend. Once the resort's wedding coordinator(who wasn't there for the actual event) found out what had happened that weekend, she was very apologetic and offered my husband and I a room for my birthday weekend a month later(which was MUCH better service then the wedding weekend) for which we were thankful and even treated ourselves at the spa which was incredible. We also had a great dinner at Prado. That did redeem them a little in our eyes, even if we again did have issues with the accounting department's double charging or failure to release holds on credit cards. This happened the wedding weekend as well.So all that to say, while I would recommend this resort for a night or a weekend(in off season when the rates aren't ridiculous) I would definitely NOT recommend anyone have a wedding here or any event bigger then a handful of people.
5	As a business coach, I facilitate many meetings each year for my clients. I also spend many nights in hotels for other conferences I attend for education, pleasure, networking and public speaking gigs. I have done several events in Paradise Valley and the Intercontinental Monte Lucia has provided me with some of the best service anywhere. I am here by chance visiting a friend. My massage at the gorgeous and well- thought out Joya Spa was something I will repeat. The food is excellent and the ambiance does make you feel like you are in Morocco or southern Spain. I plan to bring my groups here in the future. It's also a special place for a wedding, Bar Mitzvah or any other milestone occasion.
1	We went to the Montelucia Pool for a friend's birthday this weekend and rented a cabana for 15 of our friends. Our server, David, was rude and pushy from the get go. We started with mimosas and when we opted for the $55 bottle of champagne rather than the $90 bottle, he seemed upset. We also asked if we could pre-order non alcoholic drinks like ice teas and lemonade for guests who were coming and would not be drinking... his response "Who's NOT drinking? Why?" And another friend let me know she was served by David previously and he had the same chip on his shoulder. The day continued fine until the bills came. No one was given an itemized bill, but rather a credit card total. We were NOT told that a 20% gratuity had been added to all the checks and out of 15 bills, 12 people tipped 20% ON TOP of the already included gratuity, giving David and his poor service a 40% tip. When I asked him for an itemized bill (with the cabana, mimosas, etc on it) and why hadn't he printed them for everyone, he replied his boss made him do it. So, overall the pool was beautiful and we had fun with our guests. But the service poolside was terrible and the bill situation was really off putting.  With all the gorgeous pools in the valley we will not be visiting this one again any time soon.
5	This past June, I decided to take advantage of the amazing summer rates at Montelucia and spent a nice relaxing weekend with a friend of mine.  We chilled by the pools (which were AMAZING) and enjoyed nice relaxing evenings on our private porch.  The customer service was out of this world, the room was flawless, and the food delicious.  I would recommend this place to anyone, anytime.
5	Magnificent!From the moment we arrived, every employee we passed greeted us and was so friendly.  I mean, when I asked some random guy standing around where our room was, he walked us nearly the whole way!  I'm a bit jaded, so it felt eery and wrong at first - like walking around in a man thong (not that I've done it, of course) - but it was genuine.  Especially the dude driving us in the cool golf cart thing, he was super friendly.The room was decent sized, with a super plush bed and enormous bathroom.  Extra points for having a toilet that doesn't sound like a jet taking off when flushing!  Probably one of the quietest rooms I've stayed in in a VERY long time.Speaking of quiet, the whole resort is so peaceful, with the sounds of birds and flowing water everywhere.  Even the little bunnies hopping around were so serene. Perhaps most noticeable was the lack of people.  It felt like we had the whole resort to ourselves...and the bunnies.  Yet, according to the front desk, they were nearly fully booked and had a big convention going on.  Amazing.  I left this place all smiles.
3	So disappointed with this hotel.  I prepaid a trip there for one night with my friend for her 50th BD and she came down with strep throat that morning so had to cancel on me.  I called the hotel explaining and asking if we could transfer to another date (spend our money there at the spa and restaurants just on another date) and was met with a resounding NO.So I went alone to not lose the investment.  I was met with a valet parking attendant putting a high pressure on me to valet park my vehicle before I'd even checked in.  I had to practically argue with her to explain why I wanted to check in first before turning my car over to valet.  Good thing I did because the parking is included in the exorbitant resort fee (self parking) and it's directly adjacent to the valet.  Meaning it would have been the same (long) walk to my room from either locale.  When I finally said "I'd like to check in before deciding" I was chastised with this "well it better not take you more than 5 minutes because you can't leave your car here longer than that".  I was floored!  I was in a spacious entry area with exactly one other car.  This was my (bad) first impression.I walked quite a distance to find my room which was very far from the main areas of the hotel.  It was on the end in a kind of dark creepy low area which I did not feel comfortable with. Before setting in, I called the front desk asking if they perhaps had a second floor unit as a solo female traveler would feel more comfortable.  I was met with "no we are fully commited tonite" and shot down.  I then left my room to explore and was met with a big spacious ghost town!  Certainly not a feel of a place "fully commited".  I saw rows and rows of rooms clearly unoccupied and it was 5pm.  I knew I'd been lied to.  Perhaps it was because I had prepurchased my stay at a  discount.  I would have preferred the honestly on that , that you get lesser desired rooms by going that route.  The rooms are gorgeous.  The TV is great and I was so delighted to see they actually have a dvr which will record your shows!  So I set it to record 2 shows, ventured out to the restaurant (where I was literally one of 3 people sitting at the bar to eat --the restaurant itself looked about 1/4 filled--at 8pm on a Sun night).  The food was good but way expensive. I paid over $50 for 2 appetizers and 2 glasses of wine.  Got back to my room , clicked on my recorded shows to find , "technical error" so they hadn't recorded after all.  Bummer.So in the morning imagine my surprise when the coffee machine in the room requires you to pay $3 for the actual coffee to put in it!  I've stayed in many 3-5 star hotels and have never run in to something that audacious.  Put the coffee maker there then make you pay for it?I decided then and there this place would not get any more of my money and checked out at 9am.  I will not return, nor recommend this resort to anyone else and I'm a local who goes out frequently, enjoys staycations and refers guests to local hotels. This one is OFF the list!
1	So I wasn't planning on staying over in Phoenix last night but decided to squeeze in a business dinner only to find that nearly every hotel on Scottsdale Road from Camelback to Shea was booked.  I called the Montelucia and a very nice lady at a central reservation place set me up and told me the rate was $249.  More than I wanted to spend but, since it was 10:00pm and I was tired, I went with it.I was greeted by a friendly valet who informed me that there was a $19/day valet fee.  "Are you freakin' kidding me" I exclaimed to which he apologetically responded that I was welcome to park the car myself.  Enter the lobby....I am greeted by an impeccably dressed gentleman who quickly finds my reservation and tells me about the $24 / resort fee which covers the pool, internet and parking. "So does the resort fee include the valet parking" I asked?  "No, it only includes self parking" he responded.  "Are you freakin' kidding me" I exclaimed (again).  He then offered to have the valet come up and bring my car back so that I could self-park it if I wanted.  At this point, I started my rant.  "You people must be high, and i don't mean your prices, seriously....  on a $249 room, you expect me to pay an additional $43 for the use of the pool, internet and the privilege of parking my own car - all of which is taxable at monster bed tax rates?  Just give me the key and tell me where my room is."   I was shown a map of the grounds and the directions to my room were circuitous, requiring walking through an outside lounge.  I asked if a bellman could take me.  "Of course sir, a bellman can take you in a golf cart if you just step outside by the fountain."  I walk out to the fountain with my bag and wait for about a minute, but no bellman.  I yell over to the 2 guys behind the valet desk (both of whom know I have been standing there), "can one of you take me to my room?"  Well sir, the bellman will be back in about 5 minutes but you can walk to your room in less than 5 minutes."  "Seriously? You want me to walk across the property (outside) in the dark for 5 minutes,  through the seating area of a restaurant / lounge, around the pool area.  You guys don't have another golf cart?"  Sorry sir...   The one star above was for the nicely appointed room.  At checkout, I found that I had been charged $15.99 for internet service that was supposed to be included in the "resort fee."  The charge was promptly reversed.This experience is actually going to motivate me to write a letter to the management of the hotel (which I have NEVER done before).  I wonder if they offer me a complimentary stay, if I will still need to pay the resort fee?
1	This place is a total let down.  They bait with a low per night rate then sock you with charges that are not optional thus making the "true" cost much more then you will ever expect.  This is strictly a self service hotel except at check in.  This hotel has had years of weak management.  Do not stay here and then complain! Added costs for things that usually come with staying at a hotel like a pool and "star gazing".  The restaurant is a disaster and they are unable to keep a chef or head of house. Go elsewhere or pay the price!
4	Forgot to make hotel reservations for this business trip. Lucked out!!! LOVE this hotel/resort!!! Beautiful rooms w/ lots of amenities....I also had dinner at Prado, one of the 3 restaurants onsite. The calamari was excellent and my main entree, potato gnocchi was delish! I accompanied my meal with a couple of glasses of red wine from Spain which complimented the meal perfectly. My room was gorgeous and I felt pampered the short time I was there. Can't wait to go back for the next business trip.
5	I need to preface my comments by writing that I was at the IC Montelucia for a good-sized company event, which I sense greased the skids when problems arose--i.e. when you're spending 6 figures they're much less likely to nickel and dime or question your concerns . . .This is a sweet, sweet resort.  Staff was fantastic--extremely friendly and accomodating.  Very helpful in directing me to my room, which is not an easy feat given that this resort is spread out over a very large area due to (as I found out) PHX-area zoning/building restrictions that limit the height of buildings.  I referred to it as a "horizontal" hotel vs your typical "vertical" hotel.  Each of the 20 or so buildings are just 2 stories, so it's a pretty serious haul from the front desk to your room.  It takes about a day just to figure out where the hell everything is, but this is not really an inconvenience because walking around and enjoying the grounds is a pleasure.My room was at the very end of building 10, smack in the middle of the facility.  I was a bit disappointed that my sitting area bumped up directly against the corner of another building, but again not a big deal.Internet access is included in the resort fee, but on multiple occasions I had to manually enter my name and room # to get access, as did my colleagues.  I questioned the charges and they were promptly removed, with a smile.  When my GF was arriving I called to have the bed made and housekeeping arrived literally less than a minute later.  Nice.  Fresh-brewed hibiscus tea in the lobby.The pricing at the spa is exorbitant, but my girlfriend discovered that the spa is open to everyone, including a very nice sauna/hot tub, arctic plunge area with fresh fruit, etc.--free of charge.  THIS ISN'T OBVIOUS and if she hadn't checked it out I never would have known so just march on in and enjoy.  I'm lazy but apparently the gym was also very nice.Food was excellent but (like everything else) very, very pricey, none of which is unexpected at a resort of this caliber.  I would highly recommend staying here particularly if your company is picking up the tab. :-)
3	Great customer service.  Great catering and menu selections for meetings/events.  I wish they had more restaurant options on property and/or larger menu for Prado.  Disappointed w/ the sleeping room situation which jeopardized a few people in our group.  They were gracious and really tried to resolve the situation and make the best of it.
2	My partner and I wanted to escape the cold and vacation at a resort in the Scottsdale area to celebrate his 40th birthday. I was initially attracted to the Montelucia since it was a five-star rated resort and had received several great reviews on the websites. I suspect that some of these reviews are self-generated- although I have no evidence to prove this. When I think of a five-star resort, I imagine impeccable customer service. That means a staff that anticipates your needs. The only thing the staff at the Montelucia anticipated was a tip. The Intercontinental chain is owned and operated by the same conglomerate that operates Holiday Inn. It certainly showed. The problems started when I asked for a one-night romance package followed by two more days of just the room. I was informed that I would have to check-out and then check back in after the first night. Why? Because that's how their system is set up. Does this sound like they put their customers first?We stayed in a "deluxe" room with a view of Camelback mountain with a "private" patio.  The room faced Camelback mountain obscured by a stucco fence and greenery so you only see the tip of the mountain peeking over the top. As far as a private patio goes, the patio is simply made of a few bricks with two five-foot stucco walls jutting out on either side. You can easily see and be seen by your neighbors and the grounds crew who seemed to be working non-stop outside trimming the greenery and running a leaf blower at the crack of dawn, thanks a lot.Upon arrival we were greeted by the valets and bellhops who unloaded our luggage and said they would deliver them to our room. I tipped the eager bellhop immediately. After checking in I happened to pass the circle drive out front and there were our two bags left unattended leaning against a garbage can. I asked another bellhop and he immediately drove us and our luggage to the room where I tipped again. The room was okay. Nothing spectacular. The faucet in the shower was difficult to turn and the cleanliness was questionable. Later that afternoon we were given a birthday surprise. A chocolate bag of caramel corn and chocolate-covered strawberries arrived with a note for my partner. (His name was misspelled). That was a nice gesture and the delivery person, of course, lingered for a tip. Later that evening another was delivered. I guess the paperwork got mixed up. Anyways the person delivering could easily see the other chocolate bag sitting on the table and yet still left another one. Common sense?The next morning housekeeping knocked at our door despite the privacy please sign on the door. She did not replace the coffee capsules and so the next morning there was no coffee to be had. On our last day, she showed up again even though we were scheduled to check out that day.The pools are nice. Don't sit in the comfy white "cabana chairs" they have to be reserved even though I never saw a single person laying out on one of these the entire time we were there. There is no one serving the adult pool. Instead they have a number to call and they'll send someone in thirty minutes or so. Don't bother. I ordered two Turkey & Sevens. - $28.00 + tip = $32.00When I asked for an itemized list of charges a few hours before checkout I noticed a charge for a kit-kat bar- ($10.00) We never touched our refreshment center in the room. While packing up to gladly leave, the front desk sent over a worker to inspect. He opened the door to the refreshment center, reached in and moved the kit-kat bar six inches to the right. This is why we incurred a $10 charge?The resort is beautiful, but it's beautiful because it's in Scottsdale. The resort is very corporate with little-to-no appeal.We are kicking ourselves that we didn't stay at the Royal Palms again. That was a resort that got it right. (one last thing)The Montelucia charges a $24 charge per day for use of the wireless, pools and health center. One would think if you were a "guest" of the resort then these amenities would be considered standard. Not at the good 'ol Montelucia. Many areas/bars/seating areas were closed for private functions and most of the guests were there for business functions. These guests were treated far more diligently then the simple vacationing couple.We will come back to Scottsdale many more times. None of those return visits will be at the Montelucia. I know a lot of this seems like I'm complaining about cost. I believe in value. If the experience is impeccable and the staff is attentive, then I have no issue paying a bit more. Value doesn't mean cheap. It means that there is merit to the service. That's just not the Montelucia.
4	I had to take a moment to rave about a waitress named Katrina at Roq. I was there for a friend's birthday brunch and from the moment we arrived Katrina was friendly, attentive, helpful, and went out of her way to meet our needs. Her customer service made such an impression on our dining experience that we asked her if she could continue to be our waitress at the pool. She agreed & consistently thought ahead, anticipating when we might need something. Her service with a smile made our celebration even better!
5	This is what I call a retreat for grown ups. Bedding excellent. Pool heated just right. Breakfast yummy and chocolate mousse at Prado is the best. Can't wait to go back.
2	Of course, the setting is wonderful with the view of Camelback Mountain.  Excellent choice for a hotel setting.  The landscaping looked and smelled beautiful with the aroma of orange trees blossoming.  The aroma was worth every sneeze.  The decor was wonderful.  The decorator gets 5 stars.  And the bed gets a WOW.  They were like heaven.However, InterContinental Montelucia's accounting practices have left me sour.  Upon arrival, it was explained to me that there was a $25 "Resort Fee" (plus tax) for services listed on a small piece of paper.  The way it was presented, it sounded like it was an OPTIONAL fee if you wanted to use those services.  However, upon checkout, the girl was a little snippy in informing me that their "Resort Fee" is mandatory if you use a 3rd party booking...PER DAY.  That's a nice stickin' it to you for using 3rd party booking.  What is the logic for this "Resort Fee"?  For services that you may or may not even use or even be available depending on the season.  I think if they are going to make up a bogus fee, it should be called an "Oxygen Fee"...at least the guest KNOWS they are going to use it.  If there's a mandatory fee, why not increase the nightly rate by the fee amount?  Guests will know what to expect, up front.  Moving on.Again, upon arrival, it was explained to me that $100 will be held from my credit card on file which will go toward the bill upon checkout, which was absolutely fine with me.  Sooo, upon checkout, the $100 was not listed on my bill as a credit at all and I had totally forgot about it.  I paid my bill in full.  Once I get home, I check my bank account and  WOW, not $100, but $400 was being held from my account.  So, I paid the full bill and they were holding $400 hostage.  So, I called.  Turns out, they hold $100 PER DAY, not just a one shot deal as explained to me at check-in.  They proceeded to explain that this $400 would be released by my bank after 3-5 business days.  HUH?!  They volunteered to call my bank to have the bank release it immediately, but that is not my issue.  I have never had any other hotel hold $100 PER NIGHT on a pre-paid room.  Seems shady to me.  Unacceptable.Don't see a return visit to this hotel in my future.
5	I have traveled to the Phoenix area over 100 times for business and have stayed in what I thought are some of the best places in the Phoenix area, (mostly Scottsdale), until now. The Montelucia beats all of these. The accommodations are great, even though it was Spring training and they were hosting multiple conventions! The rooms are great and the adult pool is a nice break from the usual pool noise. What REALLY differentiates this place are the staff! The front desk, concierges, excellent Prado  staff, wonderful Crave Staff--thank you for all the free gelatos!, great house keeping, clever pool bar staff and even the bellmen were wonderful! The grounds are simply beautiful and the mountain views are great.We paid the $200 to upgrade to "Ambassador status" which was well worth it! The room was upgraded and we were given the red carpet treatment. Resort fee, parking fees are waived and a $30/breakfast credit was applied per day. Excuse me, but how could you NOT do this?! What a great value and a wonderful, wonderful spot to stay!Architects get 5 stars for the design!
4	This place is flat out amazing!  It is much bigger than I thought but not so much that it is tough to get around.  The view of camel back is awesome.  This is a resort so don't expect too many items to come cheap.  Room service of 2 eggs, some juice, coffee and maybe some fruit is $25.  But there is a gem of a place called Crave.  They have reasonable priced items including a rather large selection of wine, full barista coffee shop, gelato, pastries and other breakfast/lunch items.I would say 90% of the staff is wonderful and polite.  There are a couple that clearly want to make the most in tips for a minimal amount of work.  I say this because we spent a lot of time at the Oasis pool (adults only).  On the weekend they had plenty of servers and help around the pool.  We never were without a drink or water.  Monday and Tuesday were a different story (hence only 4 stars).  We had one waiter on Monday which was annoying but we figured he must be pretty busy and we'd cut him some slack.  Then the same thing happened on Tuesday except it was a female bartender and the service from her was even worse.  I had to walk to the ROQ bar to get my own drinks because she claimed to be too busy.  Now she had no problem getting our food from the ROQ bar so I thought that was odd.  Then I mentioned to the guys at the ROQ that she was too busy to get us drinks.  He and 2 other guys that were just standing around could have cared less and told me she had a full bar at the pool.  Either she was lying and/or they didn't care that I was upset about the service.  Too bad as that was the last experience we had before leaving.  Other than that we loved the place and would definitely go back.
5	My husband and I just spent a lovely long weekend at this resort. After reading other reviews I was a little worried about our choice, but we had nothing but the best treatment, accommodations  and food!The front desk staff was very pleasant. We arrived way before check in so they said we could use the restroom right there to change or whatever and they would watch our bags until our room was ready. Our room was ready early as requested. We were in building 17, which has lovely views of Camel Back from the patios. We were so spoiled. I'd say food and drinks were a little on the pricey side, but it's a resort and that's pretty much expected at a hotel of that caliber. We had great service at the restaurants and pool. Saturday and Sunday were busy days at the Oasis Pool (adult only.) Monday and Tuesday were much slower, so there wasn't much wait staff, but it was still tolerable. We will definitely go back to the Intercontinental Montelucia! We had a wonderful stay and came home totally relaxed!
5	We loved this resort! The view of Camelback Mt from our room was outstanding. We loved the whole setting of the resort. The adult pool was a nice touch. The room was lovely and the bed very very comfortable. It was a quiet, serene setting. We will definitely go back. We arrived late and told the girl at the front desk that we needed to check in quickly as we were meeting friends and had a dinner reservation in 15 minutes. She quickly checked us in. Gave us directions to the restaurant and called the restaurant to tell them we were on our way. How is that for service. We were very pleased.
4	Loved this place. It was so quiet. Adult only pool was a bonus. I read some of the reviews and it said how far away the rooms are. We were in the way back and enjoyed the walk. It is a resort. The Wi-Fi was spotty at best. Overall a great experience.
1	This place was just ok...I thought the menus at the restaurants wasnt great and in general the service was terrible.  The spa was a mess and was poorly run and over priced.On the positive side the rooms were nicely appointed and the gym was fantastic.Overall I would probably never choose to vacation here again.
4	Gorgeous hotel. We went for "Yappy Hour" last month and it was a fun experience. Yappy Hour is held the last Thursday of the month - for $10 you get you bring your dog, get a glass of wine, and proceeds go to the Humane Society....good time, we'll be back! From their facebook page: "Grab your dog(s) and head down to Crave tonight for Yappy Hour from 4-7. Entrance is $10 and includes a glass of wine and plenty of treats and water for your dog. Half of the proceeds from each Yappy Hour go to benefit the Arizona Humane Society"
5	My husband booked a weekend at Montelucia as a surprise for me on our one year wedding anniversary. We had a hiccup after we arrived because we came early and the room wasn't ready. No big deal, and the front desk agent gave us a card she said would give us access to the pools. It didn't. We walked back, got another card, went back to the pool. It still didn't work. We returned to the front desk, now very grumpy about the start our weekend was getting off to, and the agent (April) took us to the pool herself to let us in. I was still annoyed because I had a massage at the spa scheduled and I wanted to eat lunch by the pool and have time to digest before my appointment. Luckily, AJ at the oasis pool happily put a rush order on my salad and sangria and at that point everything began to change. My lunch was delicious. The oasis (adult only) pool is beautiful, lush and thoroughly relaxing. Angela gave me a wonderful massage in the Joya Spa, which was possibly the most beautiful resort spa I've been to in the valley, and I've been to many, including Red Door at The Boulders. After my massage I enjoyed the other spa amenities including the quiet (but small) spa pool with the amazing view of Camelback mountain. A few minutes after we finally checked into our gorgeous room, we were surprised by complementary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries sent up from April at the front desk along with a card congratulating us on our anniversary! Now that is service!! All was well, and we spent the rest of the weekend enjoying the incredible bath tub for two, breakfast in bed (and what a FABULOUS bed it is!), and wonderful poolside service at the peaceful and beautiful oasis pool. This resort is immaculate. The Mediterranean theme whisks you away to paradise, and for locals it is a perfect stay-cation because you really feel transported. Everything was beautiful, delicious and served with a gracious smile. I highly recommend this resort and I can't wait until our next opportunity to stay there.
5	My boyfriend and I spent 4 nights there this past week and we're so glad we went. It was the R&R that we needed. Staff was friendly, professional, and definitely lived up to the hotel's status. The views of Camelback were amazing as well as the amenities included. We chose this resort because of the price tag and the 4th night free special they were offering that included a $50 credit towards Prado and $50 credit towards Joya Spa. Sold!The is no hotel shuttle so the only forms of transportation from the airport is either a rental car, taxi, or an ExecuCar (private luxury sedan) that the hotel can book for you on the spot. It's a flat rate of $40 but definitely worth the money if you like hassle-free transportation. I believe there is a bus that goes there, but it's definitely not direct from the airport.The $24/night resort fee (typical nowadays) included 24 hour access to the pools (one kid-friendly and one adult-only), the fitness center (small but has great equipment and almost everything you need) at Joya Spa (great service and amenities), wireless internet and on-site activities. Our room was at the other end of the resort and we were driven there by one of the staff members. It was a nice little quick tour on our way to the room. The room was beautiful and cozy. We had our own patio with lounge furniture. Housekeeping are called stylists. And one of the stylists left a card for complimentary gelato at Crave. Definitely a nice touch.The resort seemed to host a lot of conferences, so early in the week it was quiet with most of the guests being there for conferences. We happened to be there when the MLB was having a conference there for the All-Star partners. My boyfriend was happily stalking the area. haha So Mon-Wed we were there, it was quiet. When Thurs rolled around, more people showed up so they were mostly folks there for the long weekend. The resort was bumpin'... which meant there were more service folks in the pool areas.If you don't have a car, the concierge can help you book a car rental. We were able to get a rental the day of when we needed to get to Phoenix to catch a Dbacks game. The car gets dropped off at the resort and all you need to do is fill out paperwork, have fun, then return the car to valet and you're all set. Easy peasy. You can definitely make great use of the resort. If you're the type of person that needs to keep busy, this is not the place for you. However, if you're the type of person that has no problem sleeping in, eating, sitting by the pool, going to the spa, going to the gym, eat some more, sleep some more, then this is the place for you.The restaurants were good but I felt they could have been better. If you're looking for souvenirs, you'll have to go outside of the resort though Crave has a small gift shop.Some important things to note:- Wild bunnies. They're cute but can be boring to watch. I don't know if it's normal but they're everywhere on the resort.- Javelinas. These desert mammals look like wild pigs. If you ever drive through N 51st Pl (perpendicular to the resort) at night, look out for these guys. Fortunately for us, we saw them just in time for a group of them to cross. Boyfriend was disgusted and slightly freaked out while I was amazed by the sight of them.- Water. We were constantly drinking water because of the heat. They provide bottled water for free at the fitness center. We kept those bottles and refilled them with water there and at the pool to keep in our room (and wherever we went). Great way to save money on water bottles and going green, which is what the resort strives for.
5	Just came back from a 4 nights vacation. They had a great deal- pay 2 nights and get 2 for free. The place is amazing. Great rooms... great facilities... great service . The adult pool is very nice. Great restaurants!!!The atmosphere in this place is incredible. Very relaxing! We had an amazing timeIf you are looking for a goof resort. this is definitely the place
3	Pros:  Stayed at hotel for a wedding.  The rooms and amenities are great.  Food at restaurants is priced for a resort but high quality.  My wife had a spa treatment and raved about it for days.  Kids (girls 9 and 6) used the EcoTrekkers almost every day for an hour or two to get out of the sun.  Fitness center is great.One Very Big Con: Check-in and reservations was a horrible experience and almost made me want to check into a seedy Motel 6 off the highway.  We made our reservations 9 months in advance.  The hotel sent a confirmation (which was wrong with one bed instead of two).  Once we noticed the error we called to correct and thought everything was fixed.  Upon check-in we were told they only had single king rooms and our children would have to sleep on rollaways or a sofabed.  The front desk said there was nothing they could do about it since their operator put our change in as a "request" not an actual reservation for two beds.  This was their error and unacceptable.  After some "discussion" about accepting responsibility for their errors and three hours of  waiting and moving from room to room they were miraculously able to find a room with two beds.  By the time they got us into our room our kids were very hungry and asleep on their feet (it was 10 PM east coast time to them).  A VERY bad first day to an otherwise enjoyable experience.
2	I've entertained (musically) in hundreds of resorts and spa hotels and had the privilege to stay in many of them here in California and frankly all over the world. This is not one of them.  First, we got there and was told that our room wasn't ready for check-in and basically ignored us, as it was being "cleaned".  Ah, a very deceptive word.  We finally got into the room and although it was neat, it was by no means clean.  There was dust on the tables and lamp stands that had to have  been there for two weeks, at least.  Tv didn't work.  (The stars are dropping). I wanted an afternoon cup of coffee and pulled out the coffee maker only to find out that it doesn't work.  Hmmmm.  I called downstairs and they delivered another one which worked at that moment but refused to work the next morning.  Sheesh. Finally they brought me a pot and cup of coffee.  Sadly, this stay was on the heels of 4 nights in Best Westerns where everything was clean and worked properly and had great beds.  Go figure!  Not a good experience at all.
4	This resort, upon arrival, will knock your socks off it is so beautiful, lush, and luxurious in every way. So much so that unless you are a high roller big wig executive for a very important company, you will feel completely out of place here. This hotel is not for the every day man, it is for the top of the top elite class. I do not fault them for this, as there needs to be a place the richest of the rich can go and squander their money, but just be warned that this is how it is before booking. If this will make you uncomfortable, dont stay here.We came for a 4-day weekend here to celebrate a friends wedding that was on the property, so the bride picked the hotel. She did pick a beautiful place to have a wedding, but it was quite the expense for guests. Let me give you some examples of how crazy expensive this place was:To have a casual lunch at the pool restaurant, a regular sized margarita was $15!!! Each menu item is listed as seemingly reasonably priced item, and then the meat price is quoted in a different area. What is not clear is that you had to add the item price plus the meat price together to get the total for your food. One friend that I dined with made this mistake and was very surprised by the final cost of her 2 tacos. A couple dining next to me had a few beers, nachos, and a hamburger. Her bill was over 80 dollars!!!!! Holy crap, and that was just for a poolside lunch!So, you might be thinking to your self, just go to the store and bring your own lunch/drinks to the pool. NO SIREE! There is absolutely NO outside food or drink allowed EVER! They are strict, strict, STRICT here, and the watch you like a hawk! We brought cans of beer to the pool, the same brand thy serve, and were told to dump it out immediately. The pool server also told us they had private spies looking out for anyone else who tried it. If you're going to pay $300 per night to stay here, the least they could let  you do was drink your own beer. But no...   You are also not allowed to even MOVE a pool chair to any other spot, because you might be throwing off the balance of chairs per pool server, and each chair that does get moved will be charged a $25 a day fee. The pool server also told me that they make, on average, $50 per person per pool chair. That, ladies and gentleman, is how much it will cost you to get a few beers and a plate of nachos brought to you poolside. So, go get drunk in your room before coming out to the pool, although I agree that this is NOT the point of going to such a nice place. However, $45 plus a tip would be how much it cost me to get a margarita buzz going for an afternoon. This hotel is also a pretty decent drive from the downtown Scottsdale area, so a cab there and back is also very expensive. If you consider that, on top of the shuttle cost to and from the airport, you are much better off just renting a car.  The wedding here was beautiful on an outdoor lawn in the Presidential Suite, and then the reception was in a very fancy ballroom. This was lovely and any bride would be happy to get married here.
5	Another amazing weekend at the Montelucia. This may be a long one but they deserved it this time. My husband and I spent our first anniversary here this weekend and they really took care of us. We were given a great rate and they also upgraded us upon check-in to our favorite area in the resort, in building 1 right above Prado. We had an amazing view of Camelback mountain and spent every evening of the weekend on our balcony enjoying the sunset. Jessica at the concierge helped me out so much in planning a romantic weekend, she assisted me in booking our room well in advance, came up with ideas for special touches, and answered all my questions. She also came up and said hello while we were checking in. We were also brought a bottle of Prosecco upon arriving in our room with a hand written note from guest relations. What really impressed us was the fact that any of the front desk or concierge we interacted with remembered us by name and commented on our anniversary. I wish I remembered the name of the gentleman that checked us in because he was so helpful and welcoming as well. As always, our room was amazing, the bed is to die for(I miss it now that I'm home) and we enjoyed exploring the resort all over again. We had breakfast at Crave one morning and Prado for dinner Saturday night. Prado as always was incredible. They won my heart a little bit more for having added Rombauer Chardonnay to their wine list. There was a mix up with having our anniversary cake brought to us and it was too frozen to cut into for dessert, but I appreciated them accommodating us and trying to make it work. Plus we got to have the Prado sundae for dessert instead and oh my goodness was it good. Gelato, chocolate, and bacon. Wow. Only downside was the pool situation, while better then last year by a long shot, it is still a little out of hand. Understandably they can't reserve lounge chairs but we ended up having to keep our stuff on a couple fold out chairs in the corner that were even too rickety to sit on. Later I happened to be walking by as a family was leaving and snagged a couple chairs. We found out the girls next to us were from ASU and not guests, then their five friends showed up and it all made a little more sense why we couldn't find anywhere to sit. On Sunday we made sure to get there extra early to get the great lounge chairs with the canopy and while we had a group of locals partying next to us again the pool area was much calmer. It was not even enough of a bother to take away a star but it was a little annoying and they could do better at keeping crashers out. We had an memorable weekend that definitely brought back all the magic of having our wedding day there a year ago.
4	Just got back from a wedding at the Montelucia Resort and it was awesome.  There were some things I was not the biggest fan of, but in general, this place is amazing.First the things that were a little bit off:1. We asked for 2 queen beds and they gave us 1 king bed instead and didn't have any other rooms available with 2 queen beds. 2. The service at their main pool was possibly the slowest service in the world. 3. It was a little bit of a trek from the Phoenix Airport so getting there and back could have been expensive (we carpooled on the way back, so it became relatively cheap). Now the great things:1. The rooms are gorgeous and really relaxing. 2. The bathrooms in the rooms are mini-spas alone!3. The food at both restaurants (AC and outside one in the front of the hotel) was delicious! 4.  We preferred the indoor restaurant the most and especially enjoyed their beef tongue sandwiches and cheese plates.  5. It is a little bit expensive, but its worth it in terms of quality of food and drinks. 6. The Adult Water drink at the outside bar was delicious and refreshing. 7. They had live bands throughout the day which only added to the whole relaxing atmosphere. 8. The best thing was their 2nd pool (kids free).  Much smaller, better service and it had a ping pong table and pool table in the bar section. Great place.  If I am randomly ever in the Scottsdale, Arizona area, I will definitely be staying here!!
4	The spa gets five stars but the hotel gets 3.5.  Spa is one of the nicest I have been in....they have everything, steam, sauna, whirlpool, cold shower, fabulous quiet area, take a nap there for sure.  Private spa pool and good gym area with nice yoga etc..classes.  The hotel and rooms are nice but not on par with the Four Seasons or the Ritz.  Attention to detail was a bit off, chairs were dirty, no slippers in the rooms, no in room audio or if there was we could not find it.  They charge to use the business center..Views of the mountains were amazing, if you come in June, be ready its hot.  Great food available in the area, and breakfast at the hotel was good.
5	A $19 cobb salad with a $3 PBR. Well, let's be real here...eventually we learned of buckets of PBR, six for $15. DEAL! SOLD! The cocktail list is lively, fresh and inventive and pricey as one would expect at a resort. We took shelter in our private cabana and had stellar service from AJ. We were served a fruit and veggie platter along with other things we ordered...nachos were delicious...as was my cobb salad.The cabana was comfortable with a u shaped seating area with complimentary bottled water (well, complimentary my ass...it's part of the $200 that was paid for the cabana...but I digress) and of course plenty of clean, fresh towels. The entrance, the grounds, the main pool...everything just so vibrant, clean and utterly breathtaking. The crowd was so NOT douchey. It was a nice mix of old and young, gay and straight and black and white...you get the picture. We met a lot of fun people during our six hours there. Now. The best part. My friends, young as they are, were staying for happy hour. Well I had my limit of PBR's and had a Schnauzer in diapers waiting for her afternoon walk, so I decided to split. The concierge directed me to the bellman and said he would help me get a taxi. The bellman asked if a towncar would be ok? Um. Hmm. A pristine, shiny black town car or a roll of the dice with a skanked out taxi with a sweaty, hairy, stinky driver. Yes. Town car. It. Was. Perfect. I was sunburnt. Tipsy. And on my way home. The drive down the 51 is so beautiful. When he pulled into my driveway and said it was $29 (a deal!)...I gave him two twenties and thanked him. Cuz that's how I roll.
5	This resort is top notch. My girlfriend and I spent the weekend at this beautiful resort. There is no reason to leave the property. We spent the days poolside either at Oasis (quiet no music) or ROQ (loud music, party scene). There seemed to be a live band at any time during the day whether it be poolside, inside the restaurant (Prado), or at the outdoor dining venue near the pool. (ROQ) Huge plus for me.In the evening, we enjoyed dinner at Prado where the General Manager Tim Roos & the Chef both took a moment to touch our table, discuss the menu and upcoming events. The restaurant prides itself in a farm to table concept mentioning that 95% of its products come out of the state of Arizona. Overall we had a great dinner. While we were there they offered a Tasting Menu which was more than sufficient and $40 per person. The room quality was superb and the bathrooms are amazing. Travertine everywhere and a shower that could fit 8 if the occasion arose.One last thing, the resort offered bicycles. We were sure to take them out one night and ride around the property. (after a couple drinks)Pools open 24 hours = AWESOME!We are looking forward to our next stay at The Montelucia.
5	The pool is awesome and the people are laid back and fun to watch.  Drinks can get a little pricey, but if you want to stay classy, Phoenix, you can get a tall-boy PBR for only $3!
5	Had a wonderful girls weekend getaway with very special friends. The service was wonderful, martinis yummy, grounds just beautiful! Incredible view of Camelback Mountain.The guitar music at the lounge was unbelievable. I'd go there just for the music!Saw Iced Tea and Coco filming their reality TV show "Ice loves Coco" at dinner. It was like a normal occurrence to have lights, those reflectors, and 3 camera operators hanging out at dinner. No one blinked an eye... well except for us. I tried to get ice to hold a sign up for our missing friend Cindy that said "Where's Cindy?" so we could take a photo... no go (giggle.)
2	First off let's say this... Hotwire's price for this "6" star resort was the same after the 3rd party booking charge as if I booked it myself. If I had known that I would have not booked because I was a little scared going here with some of the reviews. Sounded like a really nice place that just wasn't maybe run so well. Anyway, I always give the benefit of doubt and typically get excellent service because I smile a lot and like to talk with people. That said, I went in with an open, but guarded opinion. Here we go...$25 a night resort fee (knew after hotwire booking, $17 valet charge (DON'T valet, the self park is 20 yards away and the entrance there is even closer to the rooms), check in professional and okay but not overly welcoming, room... Here's where the real problem starts...Definitely didn't believe in the 3rd party booking, give em crap, room theory until now. Room by the pool, not bad except loud pool music into room all day and live, even louder music and booming base into room at night until after 9:30pm. Not a romantic evening. Then speaker music after. I called at 11 to ask them to turn it down. I got a very polite apology and a yes sir, 3 calls later I still don't have music turned down. Then, at about 1am a bunch of drunk partiers crash the pool, except wait!, the pools are open 24 hours! Now if this vas Vegas, cool! But it's not and an "ultra high end luxury resort"' should be able to control pool noise. 4 calls later (3 am now) I finally hear them leave the pool. Asking for a new room in the a.m. they want to put me one building over, uhhh... No. Finally I have to tell him for the tenth time, I want QUIET! I don't care if it's a room up against Camelback mountain, QUIET! so I finally get a room in the back of the resort, next to the dual a/c units and a patio and patio furniture covered in bird poo and pine needles from the tree directly above. The whole section of rooms here were empty so if I was put 3 rooms over I would have been at the end of the building (no a/c noise, no trees for needles and bird poo). Seriously Montelucia, your people, while polite just don't get it. There's more, but bottom line, there are 3 or 4 obvious, no brainer policies that could be implemented here to make this a great resort but I had such an awful experience that I will never be back to see if they're ever implemented.
5	One of our favorite resorts to visit. The beautiful front courtyard and bar are a great place to bring family and friends. Brought my parents there for a couple drinks after the Improv and we were thrilled to have some live entertainment that went with the casual feel of the bar. The great thing about the Montelucia is you can be in business attire or casual resort attire and you will fit in fine. Had a great blues band that had people up dancing and had my mom dancing in her seat. She is a huge seat dancer! This place is up there with the Royal Palms and the Sanctuary. Great resorts that offer beautiful scenery for locals and tourists.
2	Ehhhhhh - well, it weren't turrible, but there's just something wrong about building a luxurious place like this in the desert.  And I suppose to extrapolate, that goes for the entire cities of Phoenix, Scottsdale, maybe for all of Arizona, parts of Nevada, NM, and Cali, eh?  Well, whatever.  It just seems like an oasis of fakeness and exorbitance.  The pool water was too warm in the middle of August.  Yuk.  And how hard is it to tell your housekeeping staff to set the AC at a reasonable temperature?  It was freezing when we got into the room.  Granted, it's nice to walk into a cool room from the blazing desert heat, but I had to get under the comforter for a while as the climate control was adjusting.  Sheesh.  In this day and age of being green (and the state of the economy, for satan's sake!), how can people not know to conserve energy and whatnot?  The room itself was all right as far as "luxury" hotel rooms go - I wasn't overly impressed, though the view of Camelback Mtn was quite beautiful.
5	Wonderful resort! The service speaks for itself. Everyone from the concierge, reservation table, pool staff, spa staff, and housekeeping are all incredibly attentive and kind. They make you feel very welcome. I came here celebrating my one year anniversary and had a relaxing and special time. There was a place of chocolate covered strawberries and a noted congratulating us for the occasion when we returned to our room that evening. There are two pools, both with different vibes. There is the family pool that is basically a big party and the more reserved adult pool. There are a ton of activities here to keep you entertained 24hrs. The grounds is kept very well. The view itself is spectacular. Our room was perfect. There was a huge glass shower and a large bathtub. Even the toiletries smelled amazing. You must visit this place!
3	Montelucia Resort and Spa is where the "new money" goes to relax... This is not always a good thing. Both of the pools, one being the quieter "adult pool" were reminiscent of a frat house party... Not something everyone wants to experience while on a relaxing vacation. The decor of the entire hotel is understated elegance, with its play on Andalusian design and architecture, it is upscale without being pretentious. I feel that it fits nicely into the surrounding Sonoran Desert. The rooms are small (perhaps it is the over sized furniture that makes them feel that way) but comfortable, especially the bed. The bathrooms are clean and modern. However, it may be the newness of the resort that left me wanting a little more from the overall design, I felt it lacked a certain "patina" which would give it a little more character and a real feeling of staying in a centuries old Andalusian villa. The hotel staff could not have been more helpful and polite, always willing to come and pick you up at your room with their golf cart and take you to your car (the resort is sprawling). A-OK is what I gave this resort. It is a great place to stay for a short vacation, but with a price tag of around $250.00 a night in the off season, not including the resort fee and parking fee, it just didn't do enough to keep me coming back.
5	We just returned from our second delightful staycation this summer at the Montelucia and couldn't be more pleased!   Firstly, we are continually awed by the beautiful grounds, the luxurious rooms with the comfiest of beds, breathtaking views, and the attentive, but not pretentious, customer service.  The first trip, my husband and I both indulged in a day at the spa with a body healing massage that was out of this world. We were lulled into complete relaxation by the meditative music, all of the included services such as relaxation rooms, sauna, jacuzzi, access to the fitness center and rooftop pool with the breathtaking view of Camelback Mountain, just to name a few highlights.  We dined in the Prado Restaurant for brunch and lunch and it certainly met our discriminating culinary standards.  I love the weekend brunch- reasonably priced, and just the perfect amount of tasty selections to include an omelette and waffle bar, and some of the highest quality pastries that you can pair with numerous fruits, breakfast meats, egg and potato dishes, lox, lunch meats and granola parfaits.    Mmmmm!   We will definitely return for a weekend brunch, even when not staying at the resort.  You also can't beat Sangria Sundays at the Crave Cafe'.  The resort has two pools- one more action packed, rocking with energetic music- and the Oasis pool, where you can find your zen, read a book and challenge your husband to a game of ping pong. The location is perfect for hiking the mountain or casually cruising the beautiful neighborhoods, taking in the surrounding Arizona charm.  Even though we live only twenty minutes away, staying at the Montelucia felt like we were whisked away to another country.  We can't say enough about Adam Powell, the Front Office Manager, who made sure our experience was PERFECT!
2	My husband and I got married at the Montelucia April 2, 2011. While I LOVED OUR WEDDING and the hotel did manage to surprise us that day...the stress that the resort caused us before the wedding was not worth it. We started working with the hotel in May 2010 and through the entire process worked with 4 different people in catering....2 of which left the resort and one of which was so awful that we had to ask to work with her supervisor, Tracy Mead. The hotel had lots of turn over and was very unorganized. Planning a wedding is supposed to be a happy time but the Montelucia made the process AWFUL. Once Tracy took over (after 7 months of hell) things seemed to work out a little better. We still had issues with booking guest rooms and an issue with our contract which I do not even want to get into. Our wedding DAY was amazing and the staff on hand that day went the extra mile to make sure it was. I had a shadow the entire night and she was the best! Our bridal suite was beautiful as well. Tracy Mead did turn things around in the end but I still would not recommend getting married here. While the Montelucia is the most beautiful venue to get married at in Scottsdale in my opinion the internal issues we went through with the hotel were unnecessary and extremely stressful.
5	I rarely give 5 stars and I've been to more luxurious resorts but the value at the Montelucia makes it deserving of of the 5th star. This is a fantastic resort. My wife and I have been over 3 times and we were just there again with a large group for a birthday. The rooms are fantastic. Well decorated as is the rest of the resort. You don't feel like your in a hotel room. The beds are so comfy and the bathrooms in the room are really nice and far beyond expectations. The resort has multiple pools, great restaurant and an amazing spa that you can use as part of your resort fees even if your not getting a treatment. The staff is sincerely friendly people and go out of their way to assist you in anything you need. Make sure you have the gellato in Crave Cafe. Its sooo good! If you want a nice getaway then I highly recommend you look into the Montelucia. I have paid a lot more for resorts that offer a lot less. If I could offer one negative it would be with the pool bar / restaurant. It used to serve better food with a better menu. It changed and didn't offer enough of a selection. After a few days we were tired of the same food that we didn't really like to begin with.
5	My husband and I have "stay-cations" in scottsdale frequently and the Montelucia is one of our favorite hotels. The rooms are beautiful and the bathroom is one you dream of having at home. Because the location isn't near restaurants, bars, etc, it makes your stay as the perfect getaway from it all. The restaurants and nightlife at the hotel is exquisite . The spa is my #1 in the valley. I remember once starting my day at the spa at 8:00am and didn't leave till 4:00pm. There is so much to take advantage of being a guest at the spa and hotel.
4	Beautiful resort grounds and common areas.  Nice rooms.  Too bad their Prado restaurant hasn't really hit it's stride after several years.
3	Just returned home from a staycation at Montelucia and frankly, I'd be more comfortable with the 3 stars if it was just OK without the A. From booking till departure, little glitches kept making me think this was just an ordinary hotel trying to compete with the big guys. First, after entering my credit card to reserve the room I got a pop up with several options (pay a little more for a late checkout, pre pay $50 of dinner in their Prado restaurant for 20% off, etc...) I chose two of those dinner discounts so paid $80 in advance for $100 credit in the restaurant. Altho I never got a confirmation email about anything, on check in I had the printout that showed the $80 extra since they couldn't find it in the system and had no idea what I was talking about. They made a copy of my printout and I thought it was taken care of as was told simply to bill dinner to our room and it would be handled. Rooms are quite nice, but be careful, a pool view room in our case required leaning out on the patio and looking almost around a corner to catch any water. Dinner was quite good. Fine service, terrific food and I'd be inclined to return just for the restaurant. A trip to the spa for pedicures was also very good. Spa is lovely, albeit a bit pretentious. At departure time, we called down to the front desk to find the phone broken. No prob, we'll just check out on the TV! Whoops the remote is broken and you can turn the TV on but can't do anything. So down we went, to check out and lo and behold they had NO idea what we were talking about when the food tab showed up on the bill mistakenly. Two different people had no idea of what we were talking about and it was ON THEIR WEBSITE! Yesterday's guy showed up and said, Oh no, they paid $80 so credit that. Nope, It should be a $100 credit as I bought 2  $40 for $50 credit options. Finally, they agreed to credit it but it seemed like they were doing us a favor and thought we were trying to pull something. Very off-putting. Back to the Biltmore next time.
5	Went to the poolside bar with girlfriends on Saterday and was very impressed.  Beautiful, elegant, great bottle of wine.  I would definetly recommend for either date night or evening with friends.  Comfortable and sophisticated.
5	So my girlfriend and I have been to several resorts in and around Scottsdale and although the priciest, with the Montelucia you truly get what you pay for. It is the gold standard for all of the rest. Although located near the center of Scottsdale, it feels like it own remote village, like you've been transported to some place in Spain or Italy. And talk about beautiful!The rooms are the best I have ever stayed in. Enormous bathroom, shower, and living room / bedroom with a balcony. Beautiful fixtures. Truly sensational!The resort itself is relatively quiet, save for the main pool area, and very picturesque.The principal downside at the Montelucia is the food. Not a very high standard for the price and location, especially at the Spa. Ask for chicken tenders and you get something McDonalds would be disappointed with for $20-25.The Spa: We had a couple's massage there, and OH MY GOD!! It was so relaxing, so amazing, I fell asleep facing down and again facing up. I had to be woken up at the end and could barely move, I was so relaxed. A truly wonderful experience and at a reasonable price. If you stay at the hotel, you HAVE TO get a massage!! It is one of the highlights of the stay there. Another one is the roof-top pool facilities in the Spa, after your massage. Much more exclusive than the main pool and more cozy in size with beautiful 180 degree views. Worth the visit by itself.All-in-all, the Bentley of Resorts and well worth the relatively expensive price tag. Highly recommended!!! Enjoy!
5	Great hotel. I stayed there for two days and really enjoyed it. The pool is very nice, the breakfast is great and the view is beautiful. and I loved the room service. It is pricey but worth the money.I also got a massage at the spa which was awesome; best massage I have had in a long time.
5	The bed was awesome, soft and comfy. The tub was awesome, big enough for two ;) It was an amazing stay and being that it was at most 50% occupancy made it super nice and uncrowded.
4	This resort is absolutely beautiful with stunning views of Camelback. This resort has the best rooms in the Valley. Most resorts are older and have not been kept up. Montelucia is newer and has all the modern amenities with a fantastic large rock shower in each room. The pools were also private and didn't have a bunch of gawkers. The place where Montelucia fell short was the service. The service, while not bad, is not on the level of a 5 star resort. Service is not up to a five star resort like the Four Seasons.
5	What?! I didn't written a review for Montelucia yet?  That's absurd, and I am genuinely very apalled that I didn't take the time to write a review earlier.  I come from a 5 Diamond property out here in Vegas.  I know all of the AAA and Forbes standards by heart, and they are engrained in my head, so I know what it takes to be considered a top-notch resort.  Sometimes you get what you pay for, and let me tell you - no matter how much the rooms will set you back at Montelucia - it's worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY.I'll give my hats to Montelucia Resort and Spa.  Everything from the room, to maid service, to front desk check-in and checkout, to valet to belldesk services was SUPERB.  We had one little slip up with Prado, but I've written a review for them seperately.  I don't feel it would be fair to rate them along with my review for Montelucia.  Anyhow, our room was beautiful, and every night we would return - everything was cleaned, bed was made, and all of my toiletries would be put away the way I would like it to be set up.  Details were intricately followed, and I appreciate that greatly.The bathroom was enormous, and the tub was sunken so deeply, you could literally build a fort.  Made use of the bath salt ball that you can purchase in the room.  $10 for that thing - who cares?  It's the experience you pay for.  It was worth every penny.  The wooden bench you can sit on in the shower - nice touch.  The dual showerheads?  Pssh!  Makes a difference in the quality of your shower if you ask me!Oh, and the bed?!  Serious??  Boldly enough to say, I moaned so loud when I jumped into that bed, that I felt quite embarrassed.  But what did you expect??  It was beyond comfortable.  It felt like you were laying in a cloud, and the last thing you wanted to do was get up.The balcony was large and had two chairs and two laying loungers.  You're darn right I laid out there to bask in the sun with my robe and a cup of joe every morning we were there as I listened to the sounds of the fountains.  The spa was superb, and the massages were some of the best we've ever had.  The co-ed whisper room was really nice and relaxing.  The grounds?  Oh-my-word.  Beautiful.  What more could you ask for than to wake up to such tranquil beauty in the middle of the Arizona desert?  You can't.  Even in Vegas where top resorts are homed, you can't wake up to that.  Camelback Mountain is beautiful, and you wake up to the sun setting amidst it's radiance.  Can't wait to go back.  It's a need.  I'll never stay anywhere else when I'm in Scottsdale.
5	My husband and I were fortunate to stay at Montelucia Resort & Spa in Scottsdale, AZ when his company sent him out for a business conference.  While he worked out of a hot conference room off the main ballroom, I rested.  I took full advantage of all Montelucia had to offer and I was more than satisfied.  From the moment we stepped foot on the property to the day we left, everyone we came into contact with was friendly, welcoming, pleasant, and eager to make sure our stay was as perfect as possible.  We were always greeted by our surname and always asked if we needed anything.  The request to assist seemed genuine, not like I would be putting someone out to have them actually do their job -- something I've experienced before at so-called luxury hotels.  The food at Prado, ROQ, and Crave Cafe (the on-site dining restaurants) exceeded my expectations.  Even the room service (which, let's face it, is usually average if not less than average at most other places) was as good as the food we got at Prado.  Which makes sense, since it's the same chefs making it!  The backdrop of the resort are the Camelback Mountains, which offers an absolutely stunning view in the morning as the sun rises and in the evening as the sun sets. Each room has its own patio or balcony.  Ours was on the ground floor, so we had a private patio that had a chaise big enough for my husband and I to sit on together, as well as a table and chairs for outside dining (or smoking) should that be your desire.  The resort is definitely on the higher end of the budget, but, as they say, you get what you pay for, and what we got was an experience that will not soon be forgotten.
5	This is one SEXY resort. Nestled at the foot of Camelback Mountain, this hotel has class and a very romantic ambience. What I love about this resort, is that it stays true to it's beautiful desert surroundings, instead of trying too hard to be something its not. It's not over-modern, or over-retro, like other nearby hotels. Montelucia boasts a great pool area with lots of events throughout the year(especially summertime)It's not the most affordable option, but a nice quality resort in a relaxing area while still being close to nightlife, shopping and hiking trails. Great place to stay for out-of-towners and locals alike.
4	Beautiful setting, great service. If only I was there for pleasure rather than business. Maybe next time. Outstanding rooms by the way.
4	Nice "Moroccan" style resort in the middle of the desert. Great pools and beautiful Joya Spa. Fitness area has free weights! Sunday brunch is pricey, and kinda not worth it. The rooms are GORGEOUS and spacious with a bathroom to rival all bathrooms. HINT HINT HINT HINTOn Hotwire- search for 5 star, and if it comes up with availability in the "Paradise Valley/Scottsdale Area" for about $129 a night...its The Montelucia! Regularly $250 a night, take advantage!
5	It's hard to believe people can have a bad experience at Montelucia.  I had a little staycation here with some friends to celebrate my birthday.  The grounds were beautiful, the rooms were spacious and luxurious - no detail was overlooked, everything was in it's place and looked like perfection. The landscape was amazing, tons of little spots to kick back and have a drink and some laughs - pools, lawns, fountain, fire pits, garden - all gorgeous areas with comfy seating.I've been dying to go to the Joya Spa for years and it was worth the wait.  Again, it was beautifully decorated, calming and peaceful.  I received excellent spa service and was treated like a queen.  I LOVE the way spa's smell!  Ahh such a wonderful experience.To finish off our weekend we all had the Sunday brunch, it was a nice spread, and we all agreed that the food was delicious.  The dinning room was lovely and we had great service.  We had great service from check-in to check-out, it felt like we were being treated like VIP's.
4	We had an excellent time at the Montelucia Hotel and Resort over Spring break 2012. Their pool area was very enchanting. The old waterfall area of the La Posada that those of us remember is long gone, but it has been updated with a modern chic pool area equipped with cabanas and lounges. The main pool is larger with a nice jacuzzi. They have waiters walking around taking drink and food orders for their poolside restaurant Roc which has a small menu of burgers, tacos and specialty french fries. The drinks are a bit of expensive but well worth it for the resort atmosphere and service. The touches of the mountains in the background are definitely can't be beat, a reminder that you are in Sonoran desert paradise.
3	Nice location, preposterous prices, rude service. We arranged for "early" check-in that resulted in actually getting to check in about an hour after the regular check-in time. During the wait we sat down at their restuarant by the pool and had a mid-afternoon snack of Nachos for $30!! Nachos $15 + topping $15. Oh well, lesson learned. While continuing to wait for our room I treated myself to a micro-size cappuccino for $5 that tasted like brown crayons in hot water.  Finally we got our rooms and set out for dinner. At $18/day for valet parking, we opted to self park. This didn't go over well with the valets who asked me quickly move out of the way when I drove the car up to pick up my wife and mother. On the positive side, the room was very nice.
1	I travel to Scottsdale monthly for business and decided to give Montelucia a try since it is recommended on the FedRooms website.  In Oct 2011, the stay was fine - nice sized room with nice decor, lovely grounds,and a great bathroom.  It ends there! In March 2012, I stayed again and the customer service was horrible. I used the ez computer check out and did not receive an invoice by email.  A week later I requested an invoice and saw extra charges.  I called and talked with customer service and they said the would  talk with the manager to remove some of the charges, but never called me back.  So I called 2 days later.  They charged me for $12 for computer use when the computer would not work despite the help the concierge tried to offer.  He thought he had removed the charges, but customer service said they would not.  Since there are so many other hidden fees and customer service is awful, I'd never stay here again.  Go to the Camelback JWMarriott instead - I've stayed there serveral times.  The Camelback JWMarriott is just across the street and it's beautiful, great grounds and restaurants, consistent fabulous customer service at the Camelback Marriott  without the extra hidden fees.  Sure beats the negative drama at the Montelucia.
1	Shady, shady, shady.  This hotel ADMITS that they charged our credit card for someone else's meal, and will not refund the charge of $46.My boyfriend and I stayed here for our friend's wedding, along with the entire wedding party and most of the wedding guests.I called ahead, because I was arriving at the hotel at noon, and wanted to make sure that I had time to check in, get my room, get ready, and get to the off-site wedding by 4 pm.  I was told that if I paid the $50 for early check in, it wouldn't be a problem to check in at noon.  I booked the room and paid the $50 for early check in.We arrived at 12:10, and *surprise* our room was not ready.  They couldn't even estimate a time when it would be ready.  We decided to go to lunch at the hotel and come back.  At 1:30, we came back to the reception desk and our room STILL was not ready, with no estimate as to when it would be ready.  We ended up taking whatever room was available at 1:30, and they waived my $50 early check in fee.  (How KIND of them.  Sarcasm.)The room was fine.  One of the outlets in the bathroom (like for hair dryer, etc,) didn't work, but other than that it was fine.The worst part came the next day.  We checked out, and had some free time before our flight home.  We decided to get lunch at ROQ (the restaurant at the hotel), and bumped into some of the wedding party, many of whom we did not know.  We pulled up chairs and joined the group for lunch.  The service was bad.  (Asking for refills multiple times, switching people's meals, etc.)  When we were finished eating, my boyfriend went up to our server, told her we had a flight to catch, and gave her his credit card, asking her to put our meals on it.  After awhile, the server proceeded to bring everyone's checks to the table, and then at last handed my boyfriend our check...with his card in there, but hadn't run it yet.  The server announced that everything at the table was accounted for except for one cup of coffee, which the bride said to put on her tab.  My boyfriend asked the server to run the card that he had given her, and she collected it with the table's checks, again coming back after swiping all the cards and handing him the check last.  He signed the slip, adding a tip, for a total of $42.Fast forward to 2 days later.  My boyfriend notices two strange charges from the Montelucia...a charge for $52 and a charge for $88, and no $42 charge.  He called the hotel, and spoke to the manager, to try to determine what was going on.  The accounting department saw my boyfriend's signed slip for $42, and acknowledged that they "accidentally" charged us $52 instead of $42.  As for the $88 charge, the hotel claims that someone at the table was supposed to pay cash and did not, so they just added it to my boyfriend's credit card.  So not only did they overcharge us $10 for OUR meal, but they also DOUBLE charged us for our meal AND added someone else's meal on our bill.  My boyfriend informed them that he barely knew anyone at the table and that wasn't his problem, and asked to be refunded.  The hotel blatantly refused.  They actually admitted that they charged his card on purpose so he would contact the hotel and he could sort out who didn't pay.  Yes, you read that right.  THE HOTEL ADMITTED THAT THEY PURPOSEFULLY CHARGED HIS CARD FOR SOMEONE ELSE'S $46 MEAL, KNOWING THAT HE WOULD CALL TO DISPUTE THE CHARGE, and then REFUSED TO REFUND HIS MONEY.  They expect us to track down who at the table (of which we knew maybe half the people) did not pay their bill, and get the money from them.Illegal?  Yes.  Shady?  Yes.  Never staying here EVER again and doing everything in my power to prevent anyone from staying here ever again?  You betcha.
5	First time in AZ and this resort was very beautiful and luxurious...the staff was very welcoming  and the food was exceptional. Our room had a beautiful view of Camelback mountain. Best hotel in Scottsdale!
3	Having stayed at a lot of upscale hotels, I think Montelucia is a great property although it needs some tune-ups.It's very spacious and in a very nice location close by Camelback Mountain. I believe it was owned by another hotel and has had an extensive makeover, according to friends who live nearby. Our room in building 12 was very comfortable and very quiet. The bed was really soft, and we had a nice flat screen TV. Wi-Fi worked well.The carpet was in desperate need of cleaning and made you feel like walking barefoot could be unsanitary. And unlike most hotels where the shampoo and soaps are replenished daily, this hotel did not. For an upscale property, this seemed kind of penurious.You do have to be careful with charges. The basic brunch was very nice (including bagels, smoked salmon and other fare, but if you added warm food like eggs or bacon, you'll get charged twice as much.I had a very nice massage but was surprised a 20% gratuity was automatically added. That was exorbitant and unnecessary.All that being said, all staff was incredibly friendly, competent and helpful. In fact I can't recall any hotel where every employee worked so hard for their guests. Excellent staff, and nice accommodations that could be easily improved with some effort.
5	Had a loverly "stay cation" for two nights here.The greatest asset to the resort were the people that work there.  Everyone we dealt with were super friendly and helpful.  From the british hostess in the restaurant to the waiters and barmen.... all were very cheerful... listened to our needs.... and made sure we had the best possible time.The breakfasts were super.  You MUST have the poached eggs.... perfection!You can do a buffet if you like.... the kids loved the buffet and their home cooked waffles were HEAVEN!   I just did the two egg breakfast.... to watch my girlish figure. :)  The lunch was also super... again I mainly noshed on some of the smaller fair.The resort patron expects things to be pricier than at other restaurants. For instance... the flat breads were super tasty... but for the price you get 1/3 the amount you find at say Postino Arcadia Cafe where you get larger flat breads... and 4 or so instead of 2.The pools were good.  Not as lavish and ornate and with breathtaking features.The main pool is having an interior/exterior bistro bar added now which will be fantastic by the "good" season.  The pool staff was maybe stretched a little thin and certainly could have got more orders from us during our time their if they hadn't been.The views from the pool are fantastic of camelback mountain.The room was very sumptuous.  The bathroom was my favorite.... an open large two headed walk in shower and giant bathtub.  Great natural rock floors.  The only downside is that the construction of the building is not as solid as you might like and  you hear the people upstairs walking around.The gym is very standard fair for a resort... with the addition of some morning classes which I saw many patrons take advantage of while there.  Adequate weights... many machines... and plentiful cardio machines round it out.I would recommend the resort highly.... was a lovely time.
5	We "Had a BLAST!!!" The staff was so friendly at the resort from the valet to the Spa and the Prado restaurant was GREAT! hats off to out server... we ordered  the rib-eyed steak (served on a cutting board due to the fact,  it was so BIG) with sauteed garlic and roasted tomatoes with mashed red potatoes and string beans and a bottle of red wine. This was a birthday getaway for me, a special surprise from my loving wife.  I felt as if I left the country. You must do the spa and spend some time at poolside bar order the Vitamin C , it has four juices such as orange. lemon, grapefruit and cranberry with Vodka. Man we had those rolling for hours we also stayed at the resort and had chocolate dipped strawberry's and a bottle of champagne in the room what tops it off  was the rosebuds all over the room and a heart on the bed made from rose petals.  Go have a blast and get treated like the royalty that you are, here in the great USA.Give these folks a visit you won't be disappointed, :) Oh!, tell the Emoneyblue and J. Rammelle sent ya!Cheers...
4	We stayed in a villa...the bathroom was the most impressive part of the room. There is a speaker in the bathroom that allows you to hear the tv. Refrigerator was filled with their (INSANELY OVERPRICED) items for purchase, leaving very little room to store any of our personal food. Room seemed clean. Had to request linens for pull out sofa. Everything else was run of the mill, standard resort style. Staff was friendly and helpful. Pool and common sitting areas were amazing. I would stay here again.
2	Our goody filled overnight package proved too good to be true.  For as many questions at check-in about what prompted our booking for a quiet, relaxing, pampering getaway- we were booked into a room above people celebrating a birthday or some other celebration.  Trying to take a nap before dinner, we were interrupted twice by phone calls twice and also an attendant walked into our room as we slept.  Included in our package was supposed to be access to an adult only pool which we checked out three times over two days and each time found it with toddlers, babies and teens.  The package-included poolside cabana never was set up either and even if it had been, we wouldn't have gotten  into  the pool after diaper wearing babies had been in there.  So much for luxurious tranquility.To it's credit, the resort staff are very friendly, the grounds are under construction but they are clean.  The Prado restaurant had good fare and great tableside service.  The Joya spa, that almost made up for  the  fiasco of the noisy room location, missed out on cabana and pool time. The spa has excellent service and it's the one spot where we forgot about the Disneyland family atmosphere in the rest of the resort.If we return, it will be because we enjoyed the spa accommodations so well.  Too bad they don't offer overnight suites in the same building.
3	Never heard of the Montelucia before until I was invited to a 2012 New Years Eve party that my friend ordered bottle service for. After seeing how beautiful the resort was in the winter, I knew I had to book a summer staycation. Labor Day weekend staycation - booked a room for 2 nights - Sat and Sun. Room - stayed in a room in building 14 with views of Camelback Mountain. Room was perfection! No complaints except that the mini bar had outrageous prices. Would rather of had an empty fridge to put my own drinks in. Bed and linens were extremely comfortable. Black-out curtains allowed me to sleep in til 10 am every morning. Guests next to us apologized to us for having a party til 4 a.m. in their room but we never heard them. Super quiet room!! Patio furniture was so comfortable and we lounged each day while enjoying views of Camelback Mtn. Never turned the tv on once but used the I-Pod doc to play my music, very nice! Enjoyed a soak in the tub! Beautiful bathroom and decor.MBar- went to sit at the bar for happy hour late Saturday afternoon and received rude, slow service. Waited 5 minutes before we were even handed a drink menu. Bartendar asked if we wanted any food with our drink order, we did not. He seemed annoyed we didn't order food. I wanted to order one more drink but got tired of waiting for the bartendar to even look up at me so we left to go order a drink by the pool where we received MUCH friendlier and attentive service. I do not recommend Mbar unless you like a pompous bartender and slow service. Oasis Pool - did not have any issues with children being in the pool like previous reviewers. Just adults. Pool wasn't very crowded but all the lounge chairs had towels on them, there was nowhere to sit. So we sat at the only available lounge chairs which were in front of an empty cabana. Bad move! Immediatley, another guest jumped out of his neighboring cabana and started yelling at us that we could not use those chairs unless we pay $150 for a cabana rental. He kept screaming at us "Did you pay $150! Did you pay $150?!" I couldn't believe how rude this crazy old man was acting. We explained to him there were no available chairs elsewhere and we didn't know we couldnt' sit here. So we moved our belongings to avoid a conflict, trying to find lounge chairs available, which there weren't any. So we asked one of the waitreses where we could sit. She apologized that she hadn't had time to clean up the chairs, but found some available for us. We waited a few moments while she cleaned up the towels and left over food/drinks from the previous guests. She was very helpful but it was an annoying and awkward situation. Later, a different employee came up to us and asked that we do not harrass our guests. ????WHAT???? We did not create any conflict and left the lounge chairs when the horribly rude old man told us we couldnt' use them. Yet, we were scolded not to harrass "their" guests?! Pretty sure I also paid for two nights at the resort as well as drinks and food by the pool. Just because we are of a younger generation and didn't purchase a $150 cabana to use, doesn't mean we shouldn't be treated as valuable guests. I am assuming the grouchy old cabana man complained to his waiter that we were trying to sit in chairs meant for cabanans only and because we are in our 20's and he is in his 60's, we are in the wrong. We were very shocked of the mis-treatment but didn't allow it to ruin our time. Our waitress was friendly and checked on us frequently for more drinks & food. Out of all the cabanas available, only the horrible old man was using one. All of the cushy lounge chairs outside of the cabanas were not in use and we saw other guests trying to use them and being told by hotel staff that they couldn't. Yet, there were no other loungers cleaned up or available for them. I suggest that if the cabanas aren't being rented and the regular lounge chairs are full, don't make your guests move. The horrible old man isn't the resorts fault, but it was an awkward situation anyways which could have been prevented had they had available staff to keep the unused lounge chairs cleaned.Montelucia is a beautiful place to stay. Most of the staff is friendly but a few bad ones. Overall, I'm not sure if I'd stay again. There's so many resorts that I've stayed at in the Valley that have far superior service than this 5-star resort. Just want to make a note for those staff members that are rude: Just because I'm young, don't assume that the old man in the cabana rental has more money in his bank account than I do. Treat all of your guests well!!
5	Relaxing mini-vacation!  Ahhh....  The room - stayed in a room in building 16 with views of Camelback Mountain.  The area around building 16 was quiet.  The room itself was very comfortable.  MBar - Friday night my wife and I walked in and everyone was dressed up nice except for me.  I went in a t-shirt and shorts. Hey, I am on vacation, and frankley I don't give two mules for sister sara if I am not dressed like the Jones' believe I should dress".  With that said, I was kind of expecting the waitstaff to treat me different, but they were very nice and attentive.Kasbah Pool - Pool was clean, and soothing during the sweltering heat of the day.  Hot tub was nice and relaxing during the evening and into the night.Joya Spa-Thanks for the 1 year anniversary present wife! The spa was excellent.  I was treated to a foot wrap/massage, back, shoulders, and neck massage, and a facial. This included access to all the other spa facilities. (sauna, hot tub, cold deluge,steam room, etc.) Sandy did a great job on the massage, and Jesse did a superb job on the facial.  As for the other spa facilites, I highly recommend the sauna first (about 15 min) followed by the cold deluge!!
4	montelucia resort, how i love thee!  with our terrible-two-year-old at grandma and grandpa's house, my hubby and i spent one glorious night at this resort last week.  friendly staff, as you would expect at a scottsdale resort...but when they heard we were celebrating our wedding anniversary, we were treated like royalty!  bryan at reception upgraded us to a suite.  keep in mind, we were there on a weeknight during low season (the resort was semi-ghost town, which we loved!), so don't expect this type of upgrade just any time. our suite, facing the oasis pool, was lovely and comfortable, with a living room set-up in one room, a king-sized cushy bed in the other, and a huge bathroom (loved the two-headed shower!).  my favorite thing about the suite was the large veranda, with great views of camelback mountain and a comfy lounge chair wide enough for two.we spent the afternoon at the oasis pool, where john was pretty much at our beck and call.  he greeted us with a pitcher of ice water when we arrived, then spent the afternoon delivering adult beverages to us.  (sitting by the pool in the desert all afternoon makes you thirsty!) he was so attentive and polite, referring to us as "mr xxx." and "mrs. xxx".  when we returned to our room to get ready for dinner, we found that bryan from reception had sent us a plate of berries including chocolate covered strawberries, along with a card wishing us a happy anniversary and thanked us for choosing montelucia.  nice touch!we dined at prado for dinner.  checking in with the hostess (we had made a reservation), we were greeted with "happy anniversary, mr. and mrs. xxx".  nice...in a big brother-ish kind of way. :)  dinner was fine, but nothing special.  we did order dessert and it was brought to us on a plate decorated around the rim with the words "happy anniversary" in chocolate, and a candle.  again, nice touch.in the morning, we got lattes and a scone at crave.  cute little coffee/gift shop with everything from coffee to gelato to wine to t-shirts.  prices are high (as expected at resorts like this), needless to say, we did not pick up a "my parents went to the montelucia resort & spa and all they brought me was this stupid t-shirt" shirt for our terrible two year old.  she was happy with the $3.99 harmonica we picked up at world market on the way back to grandma and grandpa's.  my biggest complaint about the montelucia resort was that we only spent one night.  when we go back (because we will return), we'll plan on a two-night stay.
5	A little heaven on earth...Beautiful, clam, relaxing and excellent service at both the resort and spa!!!!!!   One of my most favorite places
5	I just spent a glorious week here. I attended a conference here and what a wonderful choice. Stayed in building 16 at the back end of the resort. Wonderful room.Went off the property a few times during the week for dinner and have to say Prado had the BEST food of any of the highly rates restaurants off site we visited. From the conference facilities and service to the cleaning staff, bell staff, management and servers everything was stellar. Besides the Disney parks I have never been to a place where each and every staff member was great! Will definitely return to this resort.
5	The Montelucia Resort & Spa is beautiful. If you want to kick back, relax, and unwind, Montelucia helps you do that. Park the car (by yourself or valet), check in with the friendly staff, and make your way towards your room. When you make that walk to your room, you'll realize how extensive the property is. But one thing will catch your eye for sure: the Kasbah Pool & Camelback Mountain. Montelucia may sport the best views in all of Phoenix and Scottsdale. If you're staying at Montelucia, you'll likely be in a pool, in a lounge chair, by a fire pit, or at Prado trying to soak in this amazing room.  The property is pristine. Walking the grounds, there is attention to detail and keeping things tidy and clean. There is a Mediterranean feel to the resort. Though busier in comparison to The Royal Palms, there is still enough room to find your own space. You'll be able to find alone time. And if you happen to be by a pool, don't worry, pool staff will make sure you're fed and hydrated. The rooms are a fantastic escape as well. Spacious. Clean. The bathroom as well. A large separate shower and deep-soaking tub. Lights with dimmer switches. The bed was remarkably comfortable. The living room area had a comfortable couch and a large table in case, somehow, you are bringing work to do. The color scheme in the room brings life to the room, yet someone remains soothing. My room was on the first floor and opened up into a private patio, with with another lounge chair, table, and seats, which opened further onto a grassy area. I'll admit it; once I set foot into the room, it was pretty damn near impossible to leave it. One can imagine that you may not want to leave the Montelucia. And why would you? Yes, there's the spa. And as for food? There are multiple options. I can't for them all, but I can tell you two things: (1) room service was fantastic and (2) Prado is disappointing. If you go to Prado, go to sit on the patio and enjoy the view. Your first priority there shouldn't be the food. The Montelucia is an incredible place to get away and rejuvenate. It's paradise and I hope one day I can return.
4	Came to Montelucia for a my boyfriend's work event - we came a few days early to spend some time at the pool, play a little golf, and chill out before his conference.The resort itself is gorgeous - beautiful views of Camelback Mountain, lots of well maintained plants and gardens, and a TON of cute little bunnies bounding around.Two large pools - one just for adults and another for families with kids. (We only visited the adult pool). Serving staff at the pool were friendly and happy to serve us food and drinks.The spa - very lovely, had a facial and a massage, however the price was outrageous. Literally the most expensive spa I've every been to - it was good but not THAT good.In fact, the drinks and food everywhere on the property were quite expensive. Brunch was $80 for two people (and the food wasn't that great). We ended up buying some snacks down the street at a local market to help save some $, but still ended up spending quite a lot. I would recommend it, but be prepared to spend a lot.
4	would it bias to put a review here considering I work for the same company that owns this place?  It probably is but I'm putting in my 50 cents anyway.service was pretty good.  the ladies at the pool service was always nice.  (a bit slow in taking our orders at times but otherwise good)the guys at the front were very friendly.place is always cleanrooms were awesome!can't wait to come back
5	I stayed at the Montelucia for my wedding night and mini-moon. My husband and I stayed for 4 nights. It was absolutely beautiful and our room was more than we expected. The property really felt like we took a trip to another country, it was a great escape. The staff went out of their way to make sure our wedding night was special- with a rose petal turn down and champagne and chocolates waiting for us when we got to the room. They had a special going on where we received a dining credit every day so we got to enjoy breakfast daily in our room as well. (Could use it anywhere, we chose room service) It was very tasty. They also solved an issue of needing a driver for my bridesmaids and I to get to my venue in a hurry after a mix up and the cost for the SUV was very reasonable. If I could do it all over again I would only stay longer at the Montelucia, I miss it already!
3	Thanksgiving Dinner..... for the Birds.We checked in at the Montelucia at approximately 11 AM Thanksgiving Day. Celebrating our 1 year anniversary, we were enthusiastic about sharing a new experience and equally so about dining on the property.Our Booking was comprised of an inclusive package which included the following: Breakfast/Buffets, Thanksgiving Dinner, Monetary Credit toward miscellaneous Property purchases, a cooking demonstration, a wine tasting and 2 (two) Massages at the Spa.Before arriving to the Property, we were given a contact person who would be in charge of assisting our queries and handling/making our reservations for all of the above.  The person, initial G, was not as accommodating as we had hoped.  Several calls to G. (made between 9 AM - 1030 AM) shortly before our arrival were placed and left with messages.  Both calls were not returned on the same day, but the following day after the 24 hour mark.  When I had spoken to G. on the second call and asked why it took so long for a return call to make a reservation, she replied:  " I don't work on Tuesdays"   I responded that no one would know this and that it may be a good idea to state that on your outgoing message so that arriving guests who need reservations for dining and various activities on a busy holiday weekend could be informed.  She then replied, " How may I help you"  I told her that it wasn't necessary and being a day away from our arrival, we were anxious about getting reservations and took care of it ourselves with the help of the concierge desk.  Final note, once arrived- we never received a call from G. to our room for a follow-up to make sure that things were OK.  When we arrived, we were greeted warmly and promptly by the Valet/Bellman who stayed with our baggage while we proceeded to check-in.  Rachel at the front desk was warm and accommodating.  We had a few unanswered questions regarding our package which she was able to answer promptly.  We were also unaware that we had a breakfast credit posted on our arrival day which Rachel mentioned we had and advised we go to Prado as soon as possible before the menu ended at noon.  Arrived at Prado for Breakfast at 1130 AM Thanksgiving Day.  It appeared as though the the Buffet was winding down and that the room was getting ready to close in order to prep for the Thanksgiving Day Dinner.  We stood at the podium for a short bit and were greeted by Anne the Matre'd.  Anne explained that we were a bit late for Breakfast and were closing.  We told her that we'd just arrive and were guests at the hotel and extremely hungry and asked if there was anything she could do and that we would be fast.  Anne said "Let me check" and came back and seated us at the Bar area where we were able to feast on the Buffet and enjoy a good Breakfast.  Thank you Anne!  We arrived to Prado later in the day at 5 PM for Thanksgiving Dinner.  Anne greeted us again and wished us a Happy Anniversary.  We were seated on the Patio which is very charming including the warmth of a large fireplace and the sounds of trickling fountains from the courtyard.  Our server Hillary was professional, courteous and prompt.  Our busboy Arturo was equally so and must say that the service at this restaurant surpassed our expectations.  The food, on the other hand, had much to be desired.  A prix fixe Thanksgiving Day menu at $80 per person was all that was available (Without beverage, tax and gratuity).  At this price the food should be at least minimally good.  This was not.  I would give this 1.5 stars for the food.I won't go into detail, but how does a restaurant serve prime rib of beef without having au jus or horseradish available in the kitchen?  Beats me.  Ordered Medium Rare, the Beef arrived Well and Dry.  Cold dinner rolls (not artisan) were brought to the table which prompted us to ask for flat crackers (which they had).  *An added note, I've read other reviews where persons celebrating their anniversaries at Prado were offered a beautiful dessert plate with insignia, we hadn't.  These are just a few points about the dinner.  There was no entertainment during our 3 day stay in either Prado or MBar. This was the low point of our stay as a few plates had to go back and nothing (food wise) at dinner met our expectations.  Very disappointed.Overall, this is a beautiful property with a wonderful staff that can carry the inequities of the rest.  Our room was nicely appointed and very clean.  The views are a treat for the eye and the pools are warm and inviting.  The Spa is a very special place as are the employees (Debbie and Jenny.... Thank you!)    The one highlight I would recommend are the classes that are offered on occasion at the property.  The Tapas Class lead by Aaron and Michele was informative and fun as was the Wine Tasting conducted by Sommelier Chris.  Would I stay at the Montelucia again?  Absolutely~ But I would not choose to dine there on Turkey Day or any Prix Fixe Menu Day.
4	I just spent four nights at the Montelucia for a work conference. Overall, I thought this was a great place with a ton of positive attributes.The room was comfortable and nicely decorated. I loved the bathroom with the stone shower area. My room had a patio with a comfortable chaise and a view of the mountain - I only wish it had been a little warmer so I could have spent more time there. My only complaint was the bed, which was super-soft. That's just my own personal preference, and that of my back.Most of my meals were catered for the conference, but that was the best hotel food I've ever had. Our VP of sales made a point of complimenting Chef Michael at every turn, and he deserved it. Really incredible food for such a large group.The only restaurant I ate at in the resort was Centro, the sports bar. The food was small plates, but they were substantial and good. The green chile pork was awesome, and the cheese plate was wonderful. The grilled vegetable pizza was OK, not wonderful.I did get a pedicure in the spa. It was decent, but insanely expensive. I would not have paid that much had I not been staying there, but the zero-gravity experience was kind of cool.The meeting spaces were nice and for once, not freezing like most hotels.The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I would most definitely recommend this property to anyone, whether for a meeting or just a personal stay.
3	I enjoyed this hotel. Great gym if your want to workout, room was well done with a super comfortable bed. I would have given it 4 stars if it didn't have a resort fee. (I just don't care for them)
5	Give me a fiery hot sun, boozy drinks, and an adult only pool and I'm set! The complementary massive suite upgrade was just icing on the cake.I only stayed for a weekend but I could have retired at this place. All of the food was excellent and the poolside service was wonderful.I get back to Phoenix pretty often and I don't get to stay here as often as I would like, unfortunately.Definitely check out the smaller secluded adult pool.
5	I cannot speak for really staying here, only the fact that the poolside patio and immediate surroundings are absolutely gorgeous....magazine photograph gorgeous. for a Yelp event, Montelucia hosted us on the pool patio, replete with fountains, outdoor patio seating, a fabulous firepit, and some of the best scenery scottsdale/phoenix has to offer (natural scenery that is, but the human element wasn't bad either).as i've mentioned before, if i could afford to stay here, i would!
5	We totally loved this place!Our room was spacious and clean.  We had a wonderful view of Camelback Mountain.The staff was amazing, particularly the valet staff who helped us get into our room.We came here for our mini-honeymoon, and it was exactly what we wanted.I suggest a rental car, as Paradise Valley doesn't have much for gas stations and grocery stores (meaning,,,nothing is there).  You are 3 miles from lots of great dining, however.  Nice location to airport.Room service can take a while.  We ordered breakfast, and were on hold for over 15 minutes.  I would call ahead and arrange a time for food to come.The only tiny glitch I had was on checkout.  I used my Intercontinental Ambassador weekend coupon, and they were not quite sure how to use it.  Other than that, everything was seamless and perfect.
5	Gorgeous, peaceful resort.  Lively colors.  Well-appointed rooms.  And every member of the staff was extremely friendly to us.  Probably not the best place for kids -- but great if you're looking for a place WITHOUT kids :)
5	Over the years, I've enjoyed the Montelucia amentities (spa, restaurants), but it wasn't until recently that I got to experience the Montelucia as an overnight resort guest. When my friend got engaged and decided that she'd like her bachelorette party in Arizona, I immediately knew that the Montelucia was the perfect resort for the large bachelorette party. We originally booked a suite but upon arrival, they gave us the surprise of the year. The presidential suite was available and therefore they decided to upgrade us to the Presidential suite for no additional charge. At first I thought I was dreaming. Could it be true that they upgraded us to the house that had it's own private backyard and pool? But in fact it was true! Now it's pretty obvious that the Presidential Suite is going to be gorgeous, and this was no exception. It was a large house with a kitchen, living room, dining room, study, master bedroom and second bedroom, along with three bathrooms. The patio had a gated pool, with several lawn chairs, grass and other tables. It was definitely the most extravagant resort "room" I've ever (and ever will) stay in. Besides the beautiful amenities, the service was above and beyond. We were situated further back on the property and the hotel staff were very attentive and helpful throughout the weekend. Everything was pretty much perfect all weekend. Besides the hotel itself, Montelucia has two great restaurants, two amazing pools and a full equipped spa. It's a must-visit property!
4	I've never stayed at this resort, but I've been here several times to meet clients in the Mbar.  This place is a cool spot to do that because it's tucked away in Paradise Valley and the property is gorgeous.  Parking is easy with a Valet entrance just off of Lincoln Dr.  I like to meet here during Happy Hour (3-6 pm).  I will write a separate review for the Mbar.Return Factor - 90%
5	My new favorite resort in Scottsdale. Main restaurant is open and airy with sliding glass floor to ceiling windows left open to additional seating and gorgeous views. Not as over the top or vast as the other properties - yet not boutiquey either.  It's just unique and not comparable to anything else. Has an international flair...feels like you could be dining in Spain not Scottsdale.  Brunch is outstanding and even reasonable. Just don't get their version of the Huevos Rancheros...it's quite messy and even for those who love it HOT - this will hurt going down your throat.
5	Absolutely perfect weekend retreat during our road- trip/move from CO to CA! Purchased the Joya Journey spa/stay package and added on an additional night in our guest room with a spectacular view of Camel Back mountain from our balcony. During the reservation process, I casually mentioned to Portia (reservations concierge) that my husband and I were celebrating our birthdays and also our move back to our home state of California. I did not think anything of it but thought if it may help us get a slight room upgrade or something it would be a fun surprise. From the minute we arrived to the minute we left we felt like we had received the royal treatment- everyone on site seemed to know it was 'our birthdays!' and were so excited we were celebrating at the resort. In fact, upon walking into our room we thought they had secretly upgraded us to a suite because everything was so beautiful- but even the basic guest rooms are top-notch. The grounds, amenities, food, and service was outstanding. The entire front desk staff, spa receptionists and technicians, and chefs/wait staff went above and beyond our expectations and truly made our experience here unforgettable. We hope to visit again soon!!
5	top notch service (all of the employees here wether at the restaurant, any of the pools, the ground keepers, concierge, receptionists etc were very friendly and efficient. beautifully kept gounds I was accompanying my boyfriend on a business trip so while he was in meetings I hung out by the pool and explored. I loved the gift shop and also the little caffe tha sells coffee and sanwhiches and items to go. They made an excellent cappuccio and it was nice to start the day there, do a little reading and plan my day. All of the food we had was great, we did the breakfust buffet one morning and all of the receptions and dinners for the business trip we were on were great. We checked in on a wed morning and checked out friday around 3 but It felt like I really had time to unwind and relax. I highly recommend this resort and would like to come back again
5	5 stars!!!! Excellent Service! I adore Morocco, Spain and Moorish architecture and had been feeling a little nostalgic for it. The Montelucia is a little slice of Andalusia in upscale Scottsdale, AZ. There are architectural nods to Granada, the Alhambra, Sevilla, Cordoba and Marrakech. Exquisite venue for a decadent, relaxing escape and quite romantic as well. From arrival to departure. Service was five stars. We arrived quite disheveled in a Prius packed full of bikes and climbing gear. We had just driven in 5 hours from California. We left Cali at 3am and then had an epic morning of mountain biking  north of Phoenix in Black Canyon in inclement weather before arriving at the resort. The valet staff was gracious and accommodating considering our car's burly state and our less than pristine appearance.  The little blond girl checking us in could have been a little more personable and warmer. She seemed pre-occupied reading the notes that were on our reservation as she rattled off the details of our stay. It was unexpected and appreciated that our stay was upgraded but she took a little fun out of it. I was incredibly excited to stay at the Montelucia and was eagerly anticipating exploring the resort. I was telling her about our plans for the evening and she listened politely albeit pre-occupied which leads to say disinterested.I guess I was just bummed that my enthusiasm for the resort and our stay wasn't matched by her enthusiasm. But after that. Everything was well again. As we walked to our room many of the employees made eye contact, and acknowledged us and one lady even just randomly thanked us for staying at the Montelucia. It was nice to be appreciated as guests. It's just expected at a resort of this level to have that type of acknowledgement as it is what distinguishes them as the best of the best. A few minutes after check in the front desk called to make sure our room was to our liking. It was a gorgeous room with a romantic bathroom that had a free standing bath and fancy shower. We had a room with a view of the adult's only pool and a view of camelback mountain. It was lovely. As we were half naked  in the process of changing dress to hit the hot tubs we received a knock on the door which took us a while to answer and we were surprised to receive a delivery of cupcakes with Happy Birthday written on the plate and a personalized note from the management. I think the staff member that did the delivery thought we might have been in the middle of hanky panky and he hurriedly and politely put down the delivery but rushed out the door without us being able to give him a tip. He did tell us his name so we could find him later and thank him for the delivery. We had a good chuckle and I loved and appreciated his professionalism. I love the thoughtfulness of the resort even more to take the extra step and acknowledge my birthday. That little gesture shows the level of care that the resort has for it's guest during their stay. I can't recommend the Montelucia highly enough to those that are staying in Scottsdale. It's a beautiful venue in a gorgeous setting, staffed by people who excel  in the business of luxury service.
5	I stayed here this past weekend with my husband. We came to enjoy a low key, relaxed long weekend getaway and that is exactly what we got. The grounds and the resort itself is gorgeous and very well maintained. All of the staff we encountered were super friendly and helpful. We stayed in building 16 at the back of the resort with a lovely patio that opens onto grass with a fabulous view of the Camelback Mountains. We spent our days at the pool laying out and enjoying the sunshine and the views. I love that even if you aren't getting food or drink service, they bring you a pitcher of water. Such a thoughtful and appreciated touch. The chairs get reserved pretty early on Saturday so as long as you know that and can stake your spot out early it shouldn't be an issue. We got breakfast once at Prado and the other days at the newly opened cafe Crave. I much preferred Crave in both quality and price. We ordered delicious margaritas at the pool as well as lunch too. Hugo was our pool server and he was awesome. He always went out of his way to make sure we had everything we need. We only left the resort to go to dinner. If you wanted to stay on the resort the entire time you could too- they have everything you need. I got an 80 minute massage at the Joya Spa too during my stay. The entire spa experience was top notch. A relaxing waiting area, steam and sauna, exclusive access to the private pool reserved for Joya customers on their day of service, not to mention a heavenly massage. My massage therapist was John and I'd highly recommend him. Sure the spa is more expensive than I'd pay pretty much anywhere at home but that's to be expected. Overall I loved Montelucia and have nothing bad I could even think of to say about it. I'd recommend it to anyone and hope I get a chance to go back!!
5	Okay, I admit, this is my second review for the M Bar, but it's that good.  I went there for my birthday with some of my favorite gal pals at the M Bar.  Truly, this place knows how to treat a gal and make her feel special.   Executive Chef Michael came out almost as soon as we were seated on the patio and proceeded to make us all feel welcome.   A round of champagne for this group was drunk with pleasure.  Of course, we just had to have a photo taken with Chef Michael.    We ordered off the happy hour menu.   The drinks were superb.   We were hungry, and ordered the mushroom flatbread, grilled prawns, caramelized cauliflower, and the white bean hummus.    Every single item we ordered was lapped up with pleasure.   The sous chef came out to wish me a happy birthday.  Another photo was taken.  Then we were graced with two, count them, two absolutely scrumptious desserts, Dulce de leche bread pudding and, hmmm, sorry; I can't remember the name of the other dessert, commemorating my birthday.     Yes, by that time we were stuffed, but you can bet we enjoyed the dessert immensely and almost licked the plates.   Of course, another photo taken with server Ben who brought the desserts.   Corey, the valet, hearing of our merriment on the patio, must have been wondering what joyous occasion was being celebrated.    Another photo.  Thank goodness the couple sitting next to us, who was visiting AZ from WI, got in on the occasion as well, helping take photos and celebrating my day as well.  Allison was our server.   She was professional and helpful and very sweet.  And even though we were there six hours, they always made us feel welcome.   Would I go again?   Of course!!  Have I been there before?   Of course.  That's why I picked it for my special day.
5	My husband had business in the Phoenix area, so we decided to make a trip of it. When we headed out to Phoenix with our two kids (the youngest is almost three), I wasn't sure whether this would be a great vacation, or whether we would be missing home a few hours in. I'm so happy to say, this was an amazing stay! The staff at this resort made the stay all the better.Let's start with the basics: lovely, clean rooms, quiet grounds (if you stay away from the pool rooms from Thurs - Sun), great food with multiple choices, and a nice sized gym with modern equipment. The view of Camelback is lovely. There is a restaurant, a smaller cafe, and a coffee shop with baked goods and snacks. So you're covered no matter what you are in the mood for. We received great service at each place. At the pool, our waiter Scott went to the cafe to get us iced coffee since it wasn't on the pool menu. When we took the kids to dinner, we were greeted by Anna, who was wonderful finding us a seat where we could keep the toddler happy while not disturbing others. Nathan, our waiter, was especially great, so much so that our son commented, "I think Phoenix has some really nice people!" I wish I knew the names of each staff member who helped us, but then this review would be even longer. For the parents out there, they have a family pool and a separate adult pool. There are bunnies that hop about, which makes for fun exploring of the grounds. And as previously mentioned, a wide range of food options, with very friendly staff. There is also plenty of shopping nearby in case you forgot something at home.It's not a very large resort, but that works in the way of charm. I'm convinced that the guests are so happy due to the resort and the staff, that it makes everyone warm and chatty.
1	We just got done having a stay-cation here for Memorial Day weekend. My husband and I where very disappointed with our stay!! When he booked it two months ago and we wanted to move the dates, they told him it was non refundable. We didn't book with any deals or special pricing so why wouldn't we be able to change it?They didn't even tell him that when he booked it.  We decided to go anyways because we would have lost over $600 for two nights if we didn't show up. THat's ridiculous!! I called for room service, they didn't sound so pleasant, in the least. To Valet it's $27 a day and to even self park it's $10 a day! The wait at Prado was over an 1 1/2 hours to get our food, when we got it it was still under cooked. There was a wait for everything. We stopped in to check out Joya spa and the front desk seemed very put out that we wanted to check it out before booking a VERY pricy service.WE decided against it because of the impression we got from the front desk.  It always seemed like you where putting out the staff everywhere we went. They charge for everything!!!! It seems like they are hurting for money to not even let you change the dates or cancel 2 months in advance then get treated like you are putting people out. This use to be my favorite place to stay-cation but not anymore. I will go elsewhere, where we are more appreciated!
4	Hmm.  I'd give 3 stars for the room itself.  Considering the clientele they're trying to attract, as well as the prices charged, I'm surprised this place is so highly rated by travel magazines.  The room itself was spacious & the bed was comfy, but my room had a number of bush-league problems.  Nothing super-wrong, but just off overall...for instance:1.  The hot & cold water levers for the sink were reversed.  Hot water came out when I turned the lever on the right, and cold water was on the left.  2.  The shower handle that controls hot/cold water turned to the right.  The diagram on the piece that attaches to the wall says to turn it to the left.  The contractor that did the bathroom must have been high when he was installing this stuff.3.  Powdered creamer for the coffee.  You spend the money on a Keurig and offer Mighty Leaf teas, but you only have junky non-dairy creamer?  The fridge should have half-and-half stocked.  I get better creamer at McDonald's.4.  I could hear EVERY footstep of the person upstairs.  You know how you can tell if someone is walking on the floor above you, and they sound heavy?  This person wasn't an offensive lineman.  I felt like I was back in my college apartment.  My friend said her neighbor snored so loud it woke her up at 3am, and every hour after that.  C'mon, invest in some soundproofing.  The food & service are fantastic, which is why I gave this place 4 stars.
2	Pool service is terrible. Took 30 plus minutes for drink orders. We also went to Centro Lounge for dinner and service was ALSO slow! Good lord
4	Super nice resort. Friendly staff. Great pools at just the right temp to stave off the searing heat. Room service is prompt and delicious food.Bathroom was stunning.  Walk-in shower and a deep, long tub.  This room was a suite in its own right.I walked part of the property and it was peaceful and well maintained.  I didn't get to try the spa so I'll have to go back and try it out!
5	Had the extreme pleasure of spending a night at Montelucia Resort And Spa, what a lush resort.When you arrive your car is swished away by valet and you follow the path to the lobby and are greeted by the reservation desk clerk. But before you do that, look around the lobby and all the detail and art they have, I'm in love with the painting of the Spanish dancer behind the clerks desk wish I had a huge wall to display her. After you check in your sent on your way to your room, as your walking around, look around at all the beauty this resort holds, such a beautiful place. The room, spacious and beautiful as well, has a love seat and nice size table with chairs and a private patio, but what got me was the tub, omg so deep and long, for being 6ft tall I know I could get a nice soak in that tub! Just wished I had bubble bath with me lol and the walk in shower, now I know how I want my bathroom!!  The bed makes you feel as if your sleeping on clouds, just so comfy! The staff are extremely friendly, helpful and pleasant, room comes with coffee maker and coffee and a stocked mini bar, very nice!Was very sad when my escape from reality was over and had to leave! But I know I will be back!
4	This is a very nice resort.  We had a suite and it was very big and comfy.   Wish they had regular refrigerators and not the honor bar fridge.  A/C ran constantly because of the heat, but room stayed comfortable.  We wanted to us the nice balcony but it was just too hot.Staff is very friendly.  They would say hi and smile when passing them on the road or around the resort.  Our room keys wouldn't work when we got here, so I called and within minutes a young man came running up the stairs to give us new ones.  I spent time in the spa, very few people and hot tub was very hot.  Attendants were very nice and attentive.  I do like how they have a separate adult pool.  Only downside was the long walk to the cars and spa and front desk.  They need to run a continual limo golf cart around the property to pick people up.  Overall a very nice long weekend.  Our room had a perfect view of the fireworks so that was an unexpected bonus!  I'm sure we will be back...when it's cooler!
3	Spent two nights here at the fourth of July and overall, it was a fine experience but there are several resorts in the Valley that I like better. The setting for this one, just north of Camelback Mountain, would seem to be great, but it's actually too close. Plus, the low-rise, multi-building structure of the resort blocks any expansive view of the mountain (or, indeed, of most any of the surroundings). So you just catch glimpses of either the head or the hump (sounds like a poorly shot porno, but you get what I mean). The only good full-on view is from the terrace at Joya Spa.The rooms are very spacious and well-kept with absolutely amazing bathrooms--certainly the largest I've ever had in the Phoenix area and I've stayed at lots of places. The separate deep soaking tub and walk-in shower are great and the three frosted blocks in the shower letting in some natural light are nice. Also, the outdoor space with either a patio or balcony is quite generous and my patio had the hands-down best chaise lounge I've ever flopped on. (I tried to get it in my carry-on, but it didn't work. Sigh.) It's big enough for two cozy people or one spread-out person with room to spare. Phenomenal. Beds are very comfortable and there was a two-seater sofa and a pretty large desk, a trunk, and a dresser with plenty of walking-around room left over. There's also a good-sized entry-way. The decor is vaguely Moroccan in the shape of the mirror, the lighting fixtures, and the jewel-tone fabrics. That's fine, but call me crazy, when I go to Phoenix, I want desert/Southwestern/Frank Lloyd Wright-type design. The restaurants are pretty decent. Crave has deli-style sandwiches and wraps which include the best turkey croissant ever. Centro Cafe is sort of a black-and-white retro-looking casual place with more sandwich and pub-food type grub. Prado (Italian) is the main restaurant and has a smaller selection of items. Mbar is located in the entry to Prado (it's really all one big space) and has its own menu as well as offering the Prado menu. Even for resort pricing, the tariff on the food is high here, but note that the portions are more than generous, so most entrees will easily make two meals unless you're a Sumo wrestler or a competitive eater. Mbar has a pretty good happy hour (Mon-Fri from 3-6) with some $5 cocktails (I liked the GT Lucia) and beer/wine specials and a small (4-item) choice of reduced-price appetizers. My problem with Mbar was more with the clientele: it seems to have a high quotient of douchebaggery. One "gentleman" came in at 6:10 and sat next to me while asking for a happy hour menu. When he was informed that happy hour ended at 6, he told the bartender to do something to himself that was not very nice. (I will say, the affable bartender showed great restraint in shrugging this off, when the miscreant really deserved to have a highball glass broken over his offensive noggin.) There were some other carousers who tended to get a little loud and overly expansive, so that limited the time I really wanted to spend in the bar. The spa and the pools are meh. The spa has a confusing layout and a Moroccan theme, and the sauna/plunge pool areas are average at best. The terrace with the aforementioned Camelback view is the best feature. The pools have dull landscaping, not-quite-average lounge chairs and fairly slow service. They're also not quite large enough for the room count. And by the way, the adults-only pool seemed to attract something of a louder crowd, so it was really no quieter than the family pool. Overall, even though there are some plaques up that tout the resort's ownership/design team traveling extensively in Morocco, etc. to gain inspiration, what came to fruition is oddly characterless, especially when compared to the historic Camelback Inn and Arizona Biltmore, the retro Hotel Valley Ho and the refined Phoenician. There's something of a calculated pre-fab feel to the place. Its best asset is its wonderful staff, all of whom were accommodating and knowledgeable.
4	What a beautiful property! I sit here outside on a patio chaise lounge writing this review polishing off a bottle of wine looking at the moon, palm trees, and rabbits scampering about. I've stayed here numerous times. Admittedly, my current room is the most disappointing room I've stayed in to date. This is because it is the first time, I don't have a Standard Guestroom Bath (see photo 10 of 16 on their website). If you read my other hotel reviews, I am most concerned about the room temperature, bed, and shower. That being said, it still beats the absolute pants off of a lot of other high category hotels I've stayed in. The rooms, by themselves, are an experience in aromatherapy.The staff is extremely friendly, and you can expect to have a call after you check into your room to make sure everything is okay.The Standard Guestroom Bath is one of my favorites of any property. It's just nice. The bed is extremely comfortable. If anything, I have had issues with controlling room temperature. My current room is the coldest 70 degrees I've ever experienced--it's more like in the lower-50s. If I see vapor I'm calling BS.I love sitting outside on the patio at night to catch up on work and personal stuff. If you are inside, I suggest bringing along a mini-to-mini audio cable to plug your iPod/laptop into the Jack Pack on the side of the credenza so you can listen to music through the TV as well as the bathroom.Building 12 houses my least favorite shower.As for the few things I don't like...I've noticed they've recently relegated self-parking to the parking garage. Basically they've made self-parking as inconvenient as possible. At least, that's my perception. Also, the resort fee plus the self-parking fee ($35 total) can seem exorbitant. A room in the summer for $85? Awesome. Add $35 (or 41%) to that for your resort and self-parking fees seems a bit nuts to me. Why not charge $35 for the room and $85 for the resort fee? That seems ridiculous now, doesn't it?Dining on property has been quite disappointing. Whatever pasta is being served at Prado/Mbar, has been consistently undercooked, but my review focuses on the resort itself.The fitness center is open 24 hours and is pretty darn awesome. I challenge you to find another fitness center accessible on hotel property that is just as nice.All-in-all, I really do love this property. By American (or 'Merican') standards, this is an oasis. It's secluded. You can't see a highway or downtown building from your window. It has pools. It has palm trees. It has fountains. It has a chic Mediterranean vibe.In-room safe: YWaiter's corkscrew: YWine glasses: Y
5	This is my favorite spa in Scottsdale.  I have been everywhere and they offer the most relaxing experience out of any of them.  As soon as you go upstairs and actually enter ths spa you feel like you are in another world.  I had a massage and a facial and spent the entire day at the spa.  I actually took a nap unexpectedly in the resting room, thank goodness they found me for my next appointment!  I went in the pool, had lunch, did the cold water shower and everything.  It is the perfect staycation, I cannot wait to go again!
5	We were planning a stay cation and were undecided between here and the Royal Palms. Unfortunately we booked the Royal palms. We had only ever heard great things, but it did not turn out well. We checked out within 2 hours of arriving, and drove straight to the montelucia. WHAT A DIFFERENCE! They checked us straight into a beautiful room over looking camel back mountain and the pool, and everything from then on was pretty much perfect! As one other reviewer mentioned pool service was a bit slow, but we were in no hurry! I was sad to leave but will be back as its just 10 minutes from home! :)
3	Montelucia is one of better resorts in the area.  We stayed at the one bedroom suite with great view of the Camelback Mountain.  Not much to complain about with spacious room and comfortable bed.  There was an issue with hot water for the soaking tub on our first night, but maintenance addressed the problem promptly.We didn't get to try any of the resort restaurants, because there are so many great dining options within a short drive.  The Kasbah Pool can get a little too busy.  Las Vegas style pool party is not exactly what I want for a relaxation trip.  I prefer the more secluded Joya Terrace Pool.  In addition to the pools, Montelucia has a spa facility (Joya Spa) with great amenities.
4	This is a big resort with several pools and wings of building. I loved how they designed the room and the bathroom. Definitely 5 stars for the location- near food and shopping. One thing I like this resort over Four Seasons on the other side of the town was convenient location. I didn't like being crowded. But again it's a big resort with many rooms. Had a great view of camelback mountain and pools from the balcony.
5	Absolutely stunning resort in the Valley of the Sun!  This is my favorite resort in the area for many reasons:1. Amazing location with fantastic views of Camelback Mountain2. Well appointed, comfortable and ample sized rooms with a great bathroom3. Top of the line spa4. Great bars and restaurantsI stayed here in July doing a site visit and ended up signing a contract for our 2014 meeting...can't wait to come back for a week!
5	Best Resort in AZGot Married here May of 2012 and it was amazing. Highly recommend forWeddingsPool side partybusiness meetings
4	Love this resort.  It's about as as nice a location as you can get in the Phoenix metro area.  Visited the resort and had massages and manicures at the Joya spa.  Wow, what a great way to spend the afternoon.  If you go make sure to spend some time at the pool area the views are amazing and so relaxing.
2	made a one-night return visit to the montelucia, a year after our first wonderful experience, to celebrate our wedding anniversary again. this time, it just wasn't as good. i guess the honeymoon is over.our room, on the ground level near the oasis pool, was kind of dreary. even with lights on, it just seemed dark.the service at the kasbah pool was HORRIBLE. we arrived and it literally took 10 minutes before a server came near us...and then she looked right at my husband - RIGHT AT HIM - then turned and walked the other way. he was so pissed. he went over to the towel area and asked one of the employees if he could send someone over to help us...and we waited. and waited. finally, my husband walked across the pool to the nearby lounge to get us a bucket of beers. it wasn't until a 1/2 hour later that another server came over and we had to ASK for a pitcher of water (which everyone else was served immediately upon arrival).despite these disappointments that tarnished my fond memories of our first stay, there were a few shining things. the food at prado seems to have improved since last year. granted, this year we opted to eat just small plates for dinner, so we got to taste a number of really tasty things. i highly recommend:(1) hummus, which is served beautifully with veggies and flatbread crackers(2) caramelized cauliflower (3) stone fruit saladskip the calamari. for the price, the portion is small. and it's too salty.in the morning, i grabbed a latte and blueberry scone from crave and spent two glorious hours at the oasis pool (the "adults only" pool). that pool has beautiful views of camelback mountain and was less crowded than the kasbah pool. oh, and the very nice pool guy found my flip-flops that i accidentally left the night before. (one too many glasses of wine, and whoops, there go the flip-flops!)i really do love the architecture and decor of this resort and would like to give it one more chance. hopefully next time i'll be dazzled again, just like the first time, and this second visit will fade into the abyss of my memory.
4	I didn't stay here, but did see a suite!  I was here for a wedding.  It is absolutely stunning with the backdrop of Cambleback Mountain and the pool warmed to perfection complete w view.  Boo on the cost of a cabana for $175 when my sister snagged one for lunch because of her 2.5 yo.  In fact, all food and drink is marked up considerably.  I heard $9 in the minibar for a Snickers.  That being said, they were super flexible for the wedding on using the pool for wedding guest visitors.  The resort is a Mediteranean style oasis.  The wedding outdoors was beautiful.  No need for flowers with that backdrop and we had some little bunnies that attended.  They didn't let us put yamakas on them though for the service.
4	I haven't stay here yet because I live only 10 minutes from the resort.  I come here a lot for business networking and meetings.  All the staffs here are very friendly and they will help you in any way they can.  The restaurant food are good too especially if you are on the go and need to grab a quick lunch.  The resort offers valet service or you may park your car at their underground facility.
4	Stayed here recently and have mixed reviews on the place; negatives are largely circumstantial and location specific. The hotel staff here are by far five star. No question. Would I come back though? No. The 'why' follows:Hotel staff - five stars. Everywhere I went I was called by name. The staff was eager to follow up constantly. On a couple occasions I ordered food that I just didn't like and when I mentioned this in the follow up, the items were removed from my bill. This was much appreciated and encouraged me to keep patronizing the restaurants onsite. Room service was great. Gym - one of the best hotel gyms I've ever seen. The facility has indoor and outdoor machines facing the mountain scene, which is really cool. You get a sense of being in nature even though there's a mini 24hr fitness right behind you. Spa - overpriced. I am a big spa person and have had my fair share at a range of price points. This menu just didn't entice me. In addition, the fitness class schedule was scant - just a couple yoga classes on wknd mornings. I've stayed at Sanctuary Camelback and much prefer the spa and class schedule and range of spa activities available at Sanctuary. This is kind of a big issue because I don't travel to resorts in AZ to hang out in AZ. I go for the resort, and this one just doesn't provide enough to keep you onsite for the whole stay (my MO). It's a much better spot for people visiting the area to golf or do other things. Activities - there are some cool activities offered but it seems like they are mostly a weekday thing. The weekend, particularly Sunday offerings are lacking. There is a cool tapas cooking class in the Prado restaurant and a guided hike of camelback mountain, all on Saturday. Rooms - huge and comfortable. Very big bathrooms and lots of space to get in a yoga session on your room floor.Food - good. Really liked it with the exception of only one item: guacamole with cranberries, it was just a little too weird for me. I had all my meals onsite to try to get the most of the experience. The Mbar hosts good live music on Friday nights.  The only real gripe I have about the place is that the weddings and special events eat up a lot of the communal space and they seem to happen a lot. At least every night on my recent stay.Again, I just have to say that the staff here is AMAZING. People all over the resort remember you and pick up on all kinds of nuances and they recognize you around and ask you how you're doing and follow up on everything. This is really an awesome spot. I would stay here again if I was coming to Scottsdale for something completely not related to holing myself up in a resort for the weekend with no intention of leaving the property.
2	Kind of bummed about this place.. Have always been a fan of here. The setting and scenery is absolutely stunning. Pool is great place to lay out, good food and drinks. Unfortunately we went here last time night and had such a bad experience, we went for the pre thanksgiving happy hour, I received an email about it and we have been planning on going for a few weeks now. The bartender was very rude to us, we finally got so frustrated we ended up leaving without ordering anything. I wish our experience wld have been different but I will prob give this place another shot because it's so pretty but will steer clear if the bar area
5	Incredible service, ridiculous views.  Food is amazing.  Such a wonderful resort.
5	Booked a week here for my in laws.  The place was great.  The grounds are well kept and the staff make sure that you are well taken care of.  I highly recommend
3	I am so mixed on my feelings for this resort. It is a great location. Beautiful property, the design of the hotel and grounds are great. The rooms are spacious, luxurious bathrooms, extra comfy beds and really wonderful decor throughout. However the service is disappointing to be kind. Let's begin with check in. A very kind friendly valet met me at my car and offered me a bottle of water and gave me directions to where I needed to go to check in. The reception area in this hotel is smaller than most and not clearly marked so I went to the desk that had a person at it and asked if that was where I check in and the woman seemed totally perplexed by my question. Finally a man next to her offered to help me and sure enough it was the check in. Why on earth was that interpreted as a trick question???I went to the bar in the main restaurant to get a drink and they were not busy but the wait to order a glass of wine was very long. The menus for the restaurants were incredibly plain and boring yet overpriced. Luckily I knew that BLT Steak was a block away at the Camelback Inn and was able to have a wonderful meal there, barely leaving the property. Later on I my boyfriend wanted to open a bottle of wine he had brought with him and we could not find a corkscrew in our room. I called to ask them to send one and it took about 2 hours, not exaggerating. The pools stay open all night which is awesome but the pool bar closes really early. However the bartender in the main restaurant was kind enough to sell us a bottle of wine after they closed and pour it into plastic cups so we could drink it at the pool. The shop is a great hotel shop and the little store/ coffee shop was perfect for the morning. I really love the accommodations, location and decor as well as the architecture of this hotel but the service is terrible. I took the time to write them on a survey they sent me of my disappointments and they responded with an apology but most hotels would have given me a comp night to prove themselves or offered me a discount to return and Montelucia did nothing to try to earn my return stay. That was disappointing. I would say in season this place is worth a try as long as you are willing to leave the resort for meals and such but off season I would definitely recommend other hotels in Paradise Valley over this one because there is nothing relaxing about a resort with terrible service and that doesn't strive to meet if not exceed it's guests expectations. However because the rooms are awesome and the motif great I would say its worth a stay as long as you are willing to leave the property.
3	Beautiful location just under Camelback Mtn. The grounds are nice with lots of old character in the buildings, pools, and surroundings. This is a 5 star hotel and I left wondering what make it a 5 star? While I was pleased with the service, the rooms, and location I was not blown away by my stay there. Tip- if you want to hike camelback I recommend walking from the report. The parking lot on McDonald was packed and cars were being turned away. We were thankful we walked.
3	This is a rough revue to write, because some elements of Montelucia are fantastic, bordering on 5 stars.  The staff, Prado restaurant, the pools, the view of Camelback Mountain...all great!I was there for business recently, and there was a lot of confusion regarding the terms of the "Winter Delight" special.  Basically had to manage it myself to make sure the credits that had been offered were, in fact, given.  Lots of my time spent resolving it, and in the end, they clarified and corrected the terms, but nothing more.  It should have been a seamless process for a guest.Just that week they changed over to new ownership, Omni, and it seems are still working out their systems. This is my second visit to Scottsdale and so far I prefer the Hyatt Gainey Ranch for hotels. Would definitely drive over to Montelucia to have dinner at Prado though (ask to sit in Nathan's section, and have the kale salad!).
5	Went here near the end of Jauary and it was marvellous! We had a gorgeous room with a mountain view, and the balcony overlooked the Kasbah pool. Also the 100 ft patio was nice and big, with a an outdoor bed type thing which you could just lounge on allllll day! The room was gorgeous with a huge, plush king bed and the bathroom, oh my gosh, the bathroom was my favorite part!! It had a big deep soak spa tub and the shower was so big and SO enjoyable!!!! I have never had so much space to walk around a shower before!! Just gorgeous deco and nice clean rooms. The staff was incredibly nice and attentive and the checkout and checkin process was speedy and without hassle. Will DEF recommend!
4	Love the rooms ....very spacious and all have balconies or decks. Mostly great views.   Its a smaller resort, so you don't feel swallowed up. The bathrooms are huge!  Double sinks, big shower and tub.  Very easy for both people to use when traveling with your significant other.   The beds are the best!!  Down feather beds and crisp linens. I never slept so well.The food was very good. On the Sunday buffet, they offered bacon and sausage, and when the manager heard me say It was a shame there was no option for those of us who don't eat pork, he brought turkey sausage to our table!  We did not try the spa, but friends with us did and said it was spectacular.  The gym was large, and they even had yoga classes each day. It's pricey, but any quality resort in Scottsdale is.
3	I would go back and give them another chance. We set the bar high and were looking for a 5 star resort experience and it missed but not by much. I was with a high maintenance group though too. We think after being bought by the omni it has changed, integration problems maybe. So I think they just need to tighten up a little which hopefully they do because it's a nice property with great scenery and views. Spa was a great value though, only $25 for a day pass. Steam room is roasting hot, almost unbearable which is how I like it. The day beds on the patio were awesome for lounging and having your morning coffee and catching some sun. Didn't eat there either. Great location, close to camelback and Scottsdale, etc.
5	Great setup as a resort
5	I have not stayed here, but I have done a fashion photoshoot at this resort. I had a great experience. The staff is unbelievably friendly and the views are jaw dropping. The details and design of the overall resort are beautiful and very unique. I would love to come back and stay at this resort.
1	I was with a friend who had reserved 4 rooms and a villa and when we were checking out i was informed that the credit card was declined.  They would not let me leave or give me my rental car, I explained that I was just a guest & not someone who was checked in & they detained me for over a half an hour which caused us to miss our flight. Randy in security was a joke and threatened to call the police as I was getting agitated (as anyone would) When I called the general manager Paul (after i was released) with my frustration he acted like I was also the bad guy.  I explained that I was a friend of the guest and it was not me but I was detained.  I assured him the bill would be paid for as my friend was a multi millionaire and on his private jet to Mexico.  And to calm him down I gave him my credit card just to show that I was the better guy even after being detained and missing my flight.  As a business owner myself I feel I was completely miss treated and not compensated in any way.  I will never stay at this hotel again, As there are many other options in the Scottsdale area.
5	Easily the best resort I've ever stayed at in the United States.  The only one topping it was one I went to for my honeymoon (that was $600 a night a decade ago), and accommodations wise it is on par with something like the St. Regis.Everything was done perfectly - the service was friendly and accommodating, from bellmen to housekeeping to front desk.  It's apparent why the President stayed here for his first overnight stay after the inauguration.Chef Cairns at Prado is exceptional - the food was on par with the best I've had in traveling six continents of the world for work and for fun.We had a fantastic time here and would recommend it to anyone.  I can't think of a more relaxing, high end vacation destination.
4	Happy and enjoyed live music outside and then more inside :) LOVE that! Bartenders were right on it :) Dinner was wonderful, service was attentive and pleasant, enjoyed the front patio. Definitely going back to stay~cation and spend some time at the pool!
5	This is one of the most beautiful resorts I have ever stayed at.  It's far nicer and more modern that the run-down-feeling Phoenician, which I unfortunately stayed at the next time I was in Scottsdale.  My room overlooked the pool and Camelback mountain.  I was able to sit outside on my private patio and watch the moon rise over the mountain at night - it was truly spectacular.  I worked out at the gym a couple of times as well, and because I got there at 5am I was able to see the sun rise similarly - it's gorgeous.  I think it's probably one of the most spectacular sunrises I've ever seen (and doing a lot of backpacking, I've seen some pretty amazing sunrises).   I ate at the bar once and LOVED the cobb salad.  We also had drinks at the restaurant bar one evening, and they were delicious.  The pool is a bit of a party mixed with families.  It's a fun atmosphere.  Splurge and stay here sometime.   You won't regret it!
5	The Montelucia Resort and Spa was like transporting to another world. We only visited the Joya Spa for a day, but it felt like we had been on vacation for a whole week. The private pool/terrace area allows for ultimate sun exposure without being mixed in with the masses. And the view of Camelback Mountain can't be beat! The water they served us came with cucumbers in it which was unexpectedly refreshing. We split the Fresca Shrimp Wrap and Quinoa Zucchini Cakes for lunch and both were extremely flavorful. We each had facials and the aestheticians who worked on us were knowledgeable about what products we should and should not be using on our faces. It was soooo relaxing and I think I actually fell asleep at one point! I hope to come back again on my next visit to Paradise Valley!
5	Where to begin???  This place is awesome!  It is visually stunning and maintained. The service was first class an dozes of opulence.   It is in the middle of paradise valley set at the base of the mountain. Sitting at the bar you would have no idea you were in the middle of Phoenix. As the birds chirped and the breeze blew on a perfect 80 degree day in the valley of the sun I couldn't believe I was sitting in complete relaxation. There was a wedding that was going on at the same time as the event we were at. Plenty of room with no idea several things were happening at the same time.  I will certainly come back for a well deserved staycation.
3	I'm currently writing this review live. We arrived on Sunday and have had a pretty decent time here.  Since this is a 5 start resort, at $500 a night, I expect 8/10 or higher, no excuses.The pool apparently is not getting serviced after 5 because of the current manager on duty (5-13-14). The 2 young employees, while standing around, told me that it's because Centro Lounge has a private party (20 people).  Don't try to make sense of it, it doesnt.  We are visiting family from los angeles and wanted a 5 start resort. Started with a lovely welcome. Bell hops were very attentive and helpful.  Dinner timeGoing on 5 minute wait for Prado. Here she is.Hostess is ok. Not very excited to see us.  Maybe because we're wearing shorts.Oliviero is our waiter. So far he has been very attentive and gives the place real class, justifying the $$$$ prices.I just asked hislm what his least favorite dish was and he pretty much danced around it, not a problem, understandable.My wife ordered the scallopsSister in law and brother: chicken sandwich and the burgerMyself: lamb sausage and ribs tapasThe bread deserves a mention. Warm, freshly baked, delicious.Oliviero just advised on changing my order, suggesting that it will compliment each other better. Great, sub ribs for Flatbread to compliment the lamb sausage. Let's wait and see.Dinner went well. Wonderful service and everyone enjoyed their selection. The waiter provided a very pleasant evening for us all. The day ended on a good note.  That pool manager is truly a moron. Ruined a couple of hours of our stay. Thank you Oliviero for bringing us back to a happy place.
4	Our stay was amazing! We felt like the whole place was to ourselves because of the time we went. The room was spectacular. The service was great the whole time. The only thing that I would say is that the pools needed to be cleaned a little more frequently. Overall we had a great time!
1	I was hoping this would live up to my expectations, it did not. Stayed here in the summer of 2013, celebrating earning my stock broker license. The service from the get go at check in was terrible and only went down from there. The stay was terrible and it was very apparent that we didn't appear to have money, therefore we would be treated as such. Beautiful location and resort but the service was incredibly painful. I will not be returning.
5	I can't wait to go back and enjoy this resort. CANNOT. WAIT. I recently attended a conference hosted at this resort - it was so perfect and went off without a hitch! So, if you're planning an event, this seems to be a great place for it! The resort is gorgeous with lots of bunnies running around! We didn't get a chance to experience the spa and am so bummed - it looks amazing! The fitness center is awesome and they even have fitness classes you can attend (spin, yoga, and more). The food was delicious and the atmosphere is peaceful and serene... 5 stars all the way!
5	I went for the day and let me tell you I did not want leave. The deep tissue massage was perfect and staring at the mountains while lying at the pool was the best way to relax! The best part was the masseuse told me I was on better shape than any 20 year old they had seen;). I will take it I will go back and next time for a few days!!
5	So glad we chose this resort over the Four Seasons, Fire sky and Royal Palms. Once we checked in, we were driven to our room by the staff and welcomed into a air conditioned stunning room! The bed is the most comfortable bed I have slept on. The pools are relaxing and quiet and the landscaping in well done! I will always come here when I am in Scottsdale!
5	Our meeting was a huge success!  Our attendees loved everything about the resort - the spacious, comfortable rooms, the amazing food for breakfast, lunch and our welcome reception, the views of Camelback Mountain, and the morning activities - 5K, yoga by the pool and the guided hike of Camelback Mountain.  The service was impeccable and the staff made our group feel so welcome.  I will definitely be back!
5	I absolutely love this place!  The views are gorgegous!  Food is awesome!  Service is 5 stars. The rooms are comfy, spacious, and bathrooms are outstanding.  How can you go wrong?  I guess by not booking a reservation!The pools are peaceful with music and a cabana boy.
5	My new wife and I spent our honeymoon here last week. It was FANTASTIC! There was not one bad thing about this resort. This is a five-star resort through and through. They were so accommodating in every way and the service could not have been better. We will be going back A LOT!
3	The resort was beautiful!!!!  the rooms are nice, loved our view from the patio and the bathroom LOVED IT! Customer service was TERRIBLE!! I made a reservation through Groupon they werent able to find my reservation, I did provided them with the confirmation info Groupon and still nothing so we waited  and waited. Finally we got checked in and she pointed us to our room, she said we could walk or take the shuttle. We opted to take the shuttle, we get to the front and there is 1 valet guy and hes paging and paging for someone to help. Help arrives and were told im the only person here which clearly he wasnt, thre were now 2. He points and says you can walk to your room...TERRIBLE! while enjoying ourselves at the ADULT ONLY pool, we had a little stereo and people where happy with the tunes, there were a couple of songs that have hav been inappropiate and one of the guest brought that to our attention, we apopogized and turned the song after she explained she was a mother and so on and so on, but there were no kids... Another guest got offended by the other guest and that created a situation no longer our situation needless to say she complained, managment harrassed us a littledoing their job but made it worse than it had to be.
5	A gorgeous estate in the desert! The view of Camelback Mountain is breathtaking--made all the more enjoyable by the expansive pools from which you can enjoy the sights. The food was excellent everywhere: from the breakfast options at the cafe, to room service, to both restaurants! The spa and fitness center are clean and modern, with plenty of options. Finally, there's something especially enchanting about hanging out around a fire-pit on cozy couches with friends, cocktails and light bites at night. Our room was extremely large, with a private patio and chaise near the adult-only pool. The bathroom had a massive shower and tub and was restocked excessively every day by the sweet cleaning ladies. Concierge, and all the staff on sight, were attentive and enthusiastic, which made their helpfulness all the more appreciated. When you left the premise, the guys at Valet helpfully offer free water bottles to help combat the desert heat. Hopefully my first visit won't be my last, because this was a fabulous spot for some R&R!
5	I really enjoy this spa and cant wait to come back here. I literally fell asleep during my massage and it was great. I like the locations and would love to actually stay in the property. If this spa was closer to my house I would bump Aji to second but since its kind of a drive...I will stick to Aji as my #1. Cold plunge was like no other one I have experienced.
5	My husband decided to surprise me with a weekend stay at the Montelucia for our anniversary, and our stay was nothing short of perfect. Let me start with the one and only glitch- we arrived at check in time and our room wasn't ready. For an hour and a half. The front desk staff certainly made up for the inconvenience by giving us two drink tickets to enjoy at the bar while our room was prepared, so no negative marks there. When we arrived at our room we found not only a rose petal fiesta on our massive bed and in the bathtub, but a hand written card wishing us a Happy Anniversary and half a dozen amazing chocolate covered strawberries from the hotel staff. That evening we enjoyed an amazing dinner at Prado, their on site 5 star restaurant, complete with an amazing dessert and Happy Anniversary message drom the chefs, and headed back to our room to enjoy our anniversary evening. After a struggle in the morning to get out of that amazing bed, we walked over to Joya Spa for a couples massage and relaxation time out on the private pool/balcony, where the view was to die for. Honestly, the views from everywhere in the resort are breathtaking. I just can't say enough about our weekend, every last detail was taken care of and they went above and beyond. I can't wait to go back, this time in the summer so I can try out the pool. I've stayed at nearly all of the top rated resorts in Phoenix and this easily makes my top 5!
5	I can't believe I've never been here before! This hotel was beautiful and they had separate buildings that all followed the same theme but looked different which makes it feel like a little community. LOVE that they have an adult-only pool so you don't have to be around screaming kids if you didn't bring any yourself. The service was a little slow and lacking but I think they were just understaffed. The waitress we had was very nice and the poor thing sliced her finger open on a bottle at the bar but continued to work! The rooms were comfortable and you could get it to extra cold temperatures which is nice, especially here in AZ. The bathrooms very clean, granite, with a big tub and separate rainfall shower. Would definitely come back.
5	Out of any luxury/resorrt hotel ive stayed at...this has probably been the best overall. From the moment we arrived we were greeted with courteous and personable staff. It was funny because my husband and I came in from the parking structure and didnt know where the lobby was from there. Someone from guest service actually came out to the courtyard greet us since we looked lost. The lobby was relatively small but elegant... its main purpose for registration and concierge.  The idea is to spend more time in the courtyards of the hotel. We were given a very nice upgrade (from standard room/no terrace to an Oasis Suite with terrace and seperate living room area. The bathroom was huge. The bed comfortable. My favorite part of the room was the extra large terrace with double lounger and patio dinimg table. Both the bedroom and living room had double sliding doors that open to the terrace. Make sure to check out the 24 our gym. It has all the best equipment and weight lifting machines, a yoga/pilates studio and even outdoor cardio machines overlooking Camelback Mountain.  From the gym you can check out Joya Spa. I believe the pools are 24 hours. The pool attendants were accommodating.  They brought us our own pitcher of ice water to our lounge and even replaced it with fresh ice water after half an hour.... Oh yeah and the music was great. They had an awesome 80s mix when I was there. The grounds are very beautiful. We stayed on a weekday in August and it was very quiet and relaxing. There are numerous outdoor seating areas, patio tables, fire pits etc to enjoy the natural beauty. The Crave Cafe has pastry and small breakfast items (scones, breakfast burritos etc). They serve Starbucks coffee there. Random, but they had the BEST blueberry muffins I've EVER had (very emphatic about the muffins).  I think what really made Montelucia a notch above any other resort Ive been to is the personal feeling of the resort. And with all the great amenitiesand services...there is NO RESORT FEE! I thought all "resorts" had resort fees these days. Even non resorts (e.g. Crowne Plaza) have resort fees. I usually like to stay at different places when I take trips but i probably would just stay her again if I go back to Scottsdale. It really was a magical place.
1	Overall the resort is beautiful. The service is below standard and we've experienced this on multiple occasions in the last two months. Bellman weren't helpful in arrival. They were dragging my husbands suitcase up the few stairs at the entrance to the hotel... His handle is now loose. Bar staff wasn't friendly. The rooms are nice but have a serious mosquito issue. We stayed here last month and left with bites all over after being moved to multiple rooms. We gave the hotel another try last night and same issue, Mosquitos swarming at night. Not acceptable. There are other beautiful hotels in the valley so spend your money elsewhere. To top it off they over-serve guests at the pool. Our last 2 stays we've seen multiple people being carried out from being too drunk, to the point they could barely walk. Not exactly how you expect a 5 star pool to be. Will never be staying here again
5	I had my wedding at The Montelucia and it couldn't have gone better! The resort management is extremely professional and well organized. The food is absolutely fabulous, whether you are going through catering or their on site restaurants. House keeping and guest services are happy and flexible to work with your needs. This is a great resort for any big function or a nice weekend get away!
3	While we enjoyed our experience overall, the Montelucia has room to improve. We have stayed here twice and both of our experiences were similar.Let me say that this is one of the most beautiful resorts in the Phoenix Metro area. The property is directly under Camelback mountain and the views are phenomenal. The property is gorgeous and well kept.When we arrived we were greeted by a valet who offered to park our car. I respectfully declined as it was $27 a night to have the car valeted. I opted for the $10 a night self parking.While the bell men have golf carts to drive you around, it did not seem like they were interested in helping you unless you were valeting and tipping them right off the bat. While I understand this is how they make a living, there are plenty of other opportunities to make a tip outside of parking cars.The front desk hosts were polite and ready for our arrival. They were prompt and had us set up in a room quickly. They allowed us to drive our car over by our room so we could drop off our bags.When we got to the room I pulled in our bags and an ice chest. As I was putting some ice in the cooler, I spilled some water and went to clean it up. As I was wiping it up I quickly noticed that I was also wiping dirt up off the tile as I was cleaning up the water that had spilled. There was also cigarette butts littering our back patio.The rest of the room was clean and there was very little dust or other issues in the room. The exception would be that there constantly seemed to be mosquitos and moths in the room, and we hadn't kept the door open.The pool was very clean and relaxing. It seemed to be set to the perfect temperature and had chairs and canopies set up around it. The servers around the pool seemed to ignore us and we had to literally flag them down to place an order with them.The bar on site was great, they had a happy hour as well as food options.There is also a little cafe on site (Crave) that has coffee and breakfast pastries to purchase.Overall, we have enjoyed our time at the Montelucia, however it would be great to see some of the smaller issues resolved to make it perfect.
5	This was one of the NICEST and most welcome resorts i've ever stayed at! I experience the best customer service. I stayed here for a company event and everyone was happy with their stay! Thank you so much Amy, Caleb, Scott, and Ryan! We will be returning again.
5	Great resort great people fabulous service Thanks Katrina at ROQ you are fabulous :-)Girls from TX
5	Love this place! Great atmosphere and extremely relaxing environment with great customer service! My number one place for a "stay cation" in AZ!
4	The Montelucia resort is a beautiful property kind of tucked away in a high end part of Scottsdale. The rooms are very spacious, beautifully appointed , and some have really cool Camelback mountain views. The resort plays up the mediterranean/moroccan theme rather well, and the grounds and overall ambiance reflects this. There are some really laid back firepit areas near the pool that provide for a truly relaxing time. Overall it is a really impressive property. One of it's best features is their spa, Joya. Hands down one of the best in the valley. They offer great happy hour specials daily, which is a great selling point for me. Definitely highly recommended.
