5	I would follow Eric Flotta anywhere. And that's how I ended up at The Green Room.Eric's the best. Will do whatever it takes to make sure you are happy with your 'do.Salon is absolutely gorgeous. They did a really amazing job with the design. Plus it's green. What could be better than to have fabulous hair AND be eco-chic?
5	I'm new to the Scottsdale area and have been putting off going to get my hair done since I left Bellevue, WA where salons are great there. After many visits to other salons to see if I would give them a try, none of them even came close to earn my trust. Modern Hair Junkie was exactly what it sounded like "Junkie". Dolce was way over price and too snobby. So out of desperation I asked my trusted eyelash extension expert, Itgirldiva-Sherene, for a reccommendation. She said I had to go see Eric because he was Mr.Scissorhand. And best of all, all the products there are organic. No yucky chemicals that I can't even pronounce going into my hair. All I can say after my appointment was, WOW! The staff and Eric are down to earth. Their lounge is comfortable and classy without all the pretentious BS. And all the products even though they are organic, smells amazing. Even after the next morning, my hair still smells and feels great. The difference between great products really makes a difference that you can see and feel.I had to take my husband there to get his haircut too. Being the man, he hates to go to places like this for his haircut. But after Eric was done, he loves it and will never go back to just a barber to cut his hair again. Eric skills and methods is even great for men's cut. We love this place.
5	After bouncing around from mediocre to mediocre salon experiences for years, I decided to solicit the help of yelpers a few months ago and dig deeper into finding a stylist I actually like in Scottsdale.  I found a ton of amazing reviews for Eric Flotta at Green With Envy... but when I called they told me he had actually just opened up his own salon across the street inside Sachi called The Green Room.I'm so glad I tracked Eric down, because he is as awesome as his other reviews say!  He's great at what he does, totally down to earth, and easy to talk to.  I loved my haircut, and the salon was beautiful without being too characteristically Scottsdale pretentious.  I live in LA but Scottsdale is home, so I'll definitely be booking appts with Eric whenever I'm back in town.
5	Love this place so much!It's tucked away inside Sachi but you feel like you're in a sexy, cozy New York loft.  The decor is so beautiful: chairs are comfy, luscious couches and iPads in the lobby, complimentary coffee, tea, and soda, friendly receptionist and Bobby & Eric make you feel super welcome - no attitudes here from anyone! Oh, and Bobby is hair color genius.  I get compliments on my color all the time thanks to that man.
5	I followed Annie from pucci down the elevator to the swanky Green Room, and I have never looked back. I adore this place and all it has to offer, including it's green friendly products and it's chic stylists. Highly recommended. Anyone who can tame my mane can conquer any hair task at hand. So take the elevator down to the basement of the Green Room and discover Scottsdale's most hip salon, you won't be sorry. Annie changed not only my hair but my life!
5	This salon is incredible!  As soon as you walk in you feel classy, sophisticated, and best of all pampered.  The decor is gorgeous and the service amazing.  Eric is the best hair stylist I've ever had!  I have super curly hair that is sometimes hard to manage and I like it to be cut a certain way.  He always listens to what I want and has never let me down.  If you're looking for a new hair home definitely give this salon a try!
5	Eric was GREAT!  I recently moved here from Washington and have been trying to find a new stylist. I had my haircut from some idiot a few months ago, so I went to yelp and found Eric. I'm very happy with my haircut even a few days later. The color is AWESOME! The only downfall of the salon - is trying to find it. When you go get your hair done here, because you should, just remember its INSIDE the sachi salon. You go into another salon and then take an elevator downstairs to the green room. It's kinda weird, but worth it. You definitely won't regret getting your hair done here!!
5	Rhonda is a COLOR GENIUS. I receive compliments on my color everyday.  The salon is beautiful, tacked into the bottom floor of Sachi Salon. It is a pleasure to visit and walk looking great! I work within the magazine industry and appearance is top priority. When you find a pro like Rhonda you have arrived!
4	I think if i lived in Scottsdale I would probably give 5 stars but I may only go once a year.  I recently stopped in during my Spring Training trip to Scottsdale.  I needed a cut and since my regular stylist (and good friend) was out of the country for a few months the Green Room seemed like a solid option.  I wasn't disappointed.  The space is awesome (you take an elevator down to it so it feels a little exclusive) and they deliver this stylish yet family feel throughout the salon.  Annisa was great to talk to and she gave me a wonderful cut.   If I return to ST next year I'll probably grow my hair out a bit just to have an excuse to go back :)
5	I visited The Green Room after I found out they don't use ammonia in their hair dyes.  In fact, they avoid all harsh chemicals in their products.  The salon is beautiful and everyone was friendly.  Briana cut and colored my hair and she did an amazing job.  I even bought the Prive products that they offered which makes my hair super soft and shiny.  This is a wonderful salon and the fact that they are "green" makes it even better.
5	Love this place - Anissa is my hair stylist and she's amazing!  I get compliments on my hair as soon as I leave the salon.  The stylists are the cream of the crop and worth the money!
5	I was on the hunt for an eco-friendly salon, for the obvious non-toxic reasons, when I came upon The Green Room. I booked an appointment with Joey and the experience was top rate! I was nervous having someone new cut my hair, but he was wonderful. He completely respected my length and desires, and he took his time with the whole process. He's meticulous, friendly, stays on top of current trends/hair products/etc, and does an amazing job whether he's cutting or coloring! Joey, if you read this, know that you have a raving, loyal fan!!!
5	Bobby Von Jones is just incredible. I got my hair done, color and cut by him every time I'm in Scottsdale. This place uses the very best color. It's all organic and no chemical. I could feel the difference and my hair is shinier and healthier. Thanks again to Bobby and Eric for opening this fantastic salon. I love to hang out in this place. They even have an ipad at the waiting room for me to play while waiting.
4	I applaude The Green Room for being environmental friendly, and I hope this trend catches on with other salons.  The service here is very nice and unpretentious andI just love the look of this place, it's very modern, trendy and fun. Eric is the quite the hair guru and will not disappoint!
5	This review is for guys who want to get a good haircut and don't like going to the $14 supercuts down the street.As someone who doesn't get a haircut that often, I'm quite picky about where I go. Simultaneously I don't have a regular stylist because once again, I don't get my haircut that often. So after doing my research, I decided this was the place for me to go to.Upon walking into this place, big thumbs up to the Green Room for use of their organic products. When you walk into some salons, it smells like the staff just got done having an aerosol spray can fight. Not at the Green Room.Joey cut my hair and did everything I asked of him. There was no, "could you take a little more off" or "that's not quite right." Joey has been in the business for ahwile and most importantly, he did everything I asked him to do. Great place for a haircut.As far as I'm concerned. A completely satisfied customer deserves five stars.
5	Anissa was a lifesaver! I recently went to a  different salon and she butchered my hair! I ran into Anissa and she was so sweet and offered to fix my hair for me! Anyways long story short she fixed the dye and the cut and I love it! I'm so excited i have a new fantastic stylist :)
5	Jesse cuts my hair here and does a great job. I never kept my hair long because the awful Staten Island mall barbers made me look like a sewer rat. Jesse styles it really well and my coworker told me I have the best hair in the office now.
5	I saw Briana. She's a doll. I went with the reviews on Yelp and found they were right on. She did color, trim and styled. And you know. I left there looking years younger. My husband put a picture of me on his screen saver!  (blush). Well. Thanks Briana for your exclusive touch.
5	Had a few drinks and decided I needed a change in my life, so why not try highlighting my own hair! Needless to say it was a disaster. Joey fixed it for me and I was extremely happy with the result. The guy is professional and attentive to what the customer wants. He doesn't rush you. The best part was, it was really reasonably priced, in my opinion. I had a similar mishap about a decade earlier and got it fixed in Santa Barbara. While I have to admit, they did a fantastic job as well, it cost me about 3.5 times as much. I highly recommend The Green Room. They are friendly, professional and do a fantastic job at a really fair cost. Thanks Joey for saving my weekend.
5	I am writing as a second opinion for a Groupon user as well. I purchased a Groupon now for June 24th. When I called the day of the 24th, they said they did not have any openings and that they earliest they could do was the 26th. They said they would honor my Groupon price and I could pay at the salon and get a refund from Groupon. Groupon instead just issued a certificate for the 26th instead of the 24th which was a painfree hassle, it only took a quick phone call. I was ok with using the certificate a couple days later, but if you are wanting to get your hair done the same day, I would call BEFORE you purchase the Groupon to make sure they are not all booked up for that particular day. I just got back from my experience at the salon and let me tell you, I will 100% be a repeat customer. Joey was my stylist and he did a fabulous job. My hair has been so damaged from home dying that it feels like straw most of the time but right now I just want to keep touching it. The color is gorgeous and so shiny. The salon itself is decorated with items that are definately my style and I like the intimate setting with the raw look of the salon, like a loft area with ceiling pipes exposed, etc. I like that the salon is not super busy so you're not trying to hear each other over the roar of 12 blow dryers at once. (there are only 5? stylist booths and 2 hair wash stations) As someone mentioned before there are no harsh chemical smells because the products are organic. Joey was a wonderful stylist and very easy to get along with. We talked through 90% of my appointment and I am usually a one word person at a haircut because I have no idea what to talk about. I can't wait to go back for my next appointment in 6 weeks!
1	First, let me start by saying that getting hold of this place to make an appointment is extremely difficult. How hard is it to just answer the phone?Anyways, my old hairdresser had a baby and is no longer doing hair, so I went to groupon to find a deal (since going to a new place always scares me) and if I liked the place, hopefully make it my new salon. Anyways, the green room was having a groupon, so I bought it and then spent the whole day trying to get someone to answer the phone to book my appointment. I finally got an appointment with Juan, who I was told was really good. I went to my appointment, fairly nervous since I hadn't had anyone different colour my hair in 6 years, and waited to see Juan. He was friendly enough. You could tell he wasn't interested in talking. When he did ask me a question, he didn't even listen to my response. Anyways, I let him know I had the groupon and what I wanted done. I even had a picture of my hair right after I had gotten it done that he could reference. As far as the highlights go, he did an alright job. It was the cut and the treatment of my hair that was horrible and I will never go back because of it. He treated my hair like it he was working on a mannequin. I have a neck and actually can't hold my head up when you're ripping at it as hard as possible. It was absolutely horrible. He first dried my hair (while ripping at it) then started the cut. I have long, blonde hair. I like to keep it that way. So I asked him for the tiniest trim. I said 1/4 of an inch. I guess I was hoping he would treat my hair better, and dry cut the small amount I said, but no. He cut off a good 3 inches. He also cut layers into my hair which I never asked for. And, I have curly hair. He blow dryed it straight and that was that. He didn't run a straightener through it or anything. So I left the salon with an okay colour, shorter hair than I ever wanted, and a massive mane because he couldn't take the 5 extra minutes to straighten it. I suppose maybe that was a good thing. I am not sure my head could take the extra pounding. All I know is I will be finding a new salon to get my hair done.And in reply to Eric's comment, firstly, as a business owner, don't you think the most appropriate response would have been "sorry- we strive for perfection. good luck in your search for a new salon"? Yes, that would have been. Instead you rudely reply with completely false information. No, my hair wasn't fried. And no, I did not give the ok for more than a trim. Also, I did call during business hours and did leave 2 messages. Your system needs fixing if you want more clients. Anyways, your rude response not only makes me never want to go back... but also to never ever refer anyone to you. You have proven not to be customer service orientated business.
5	Overall, its a cute salon, LOVE my hair, very happy.  I went to the Green Room because I found a Groupon for cut/highlights and I've been searching for a new salon for an eternity (ok... about a year) and wanted to save some $ while trying new salons.  Stephanie did a great job, she was quick, friendly, and my highlights look perfect.  I'm trying to grow my hair out, and she listened and only took off the bare minimum 1/2 inch.  Couldn't ask for anything better and will almost certainly be back.
5	I love this place! I've been coming here for a couple of years and have always had excellent service! I recently started seeing Juan - he's AMAZING! He keeps me laughing and does an incredible cut/color. I highly recommend The Green Room, and Juan!
4	I enjoy coming here.  Always receive a friendly greeting followed by a on time appointment and a great haircut by Eric.  Love the products too.  Plenty of parking and easy to get to.  Thank you!
5	Today, I received my reminder call for my hair appointment tomorrow - music to my ears.  I love this salon!  Great service, very warm atmosphere and super chic.  Did I mention that the salon is completely organic?  I try and live and eat as organic/green as possible, so why not my hair.  Erick Flotta one of the owners does my hair and his absolutely amazing!  He always knows what to do to my hair to make me feel like I am ready for the run way.   Eric is down to earth, friendly, and his prices are very reasonable compared to other stylists of his calibers.  Eric is also a humanitarian.   I do a lot of volunteering myself and have been able to count on him for support.  Over the past 11 months Eric has a made client for life and a friend forever.  I can't conclude this review without mentioning Eric's blow out skills. When he is done my hair feels bouncy and light as air. He should teach a class! Seriously.  I call it Victoria Secret Hair!Sincerely,Jessica
5	I had a wonderful experience today at this salon! I purchased a Groupon on Friday and called Saturday to make an appointment. The phone was answered right away by a very nice and professional receptionist and she was able to get me in on the day and at the exact time I requested. She also took the time to make sure I had accurate directions to the salon before we hung up. I greatly appreciated this when it came time for my appointment as Google maps was WAY OFF on the location.The salon looks and smells amazing! No cheesy artwork or nasty chemical smell to assault your senses upon arrival. The receptionist was very friendly (even though I was using a coupon- gasp!) and I was offered a beverage of my choice. I waited no more than 2 minutes for my stylist to come get me from the waiting room which is a big plus for me. Joey consulted with me on every aspect of my hair, asked what I wanted, and offered his opinion on the cut and color. I got a scalp massage with my shampoo and a deep conditioning treatment that left my hair silky and shiny. The color Joey picked is absolutely PERFECT for my skin tone and the way he styled my hair is so cute. I haven't loved my hair this much in years!!!Thank you Joey and The Green Room Organic Hair Lounge! See you in 6 weeks!
5	Excellent service. I am very happy with the haircut and my standards are quite high. Joey is the right guy for the job. I will certainly return.
5	First of all let me say that I am not the type of person that "tries" a salon. I am very loyal to the stylists I work with and stick with one for years once I find them. With that being said I ended up in a situation where I knew I needed a change and luckily for me, regardless of all the referrals and reviews, I decided I was interested in the concept of "organic" haircare and felt compelled to call the Green Room for an appointment.I am more than thrilled that I did because I just left my third appointment with Juan and I could not be happier with my hair!  Not only do I love knowing that I am not throwing tons of toxic chemicals on my hair but the salon is very warm, modern, friendly and I've left smiling every time.Juan really listens to what I want and knows how to effortlessly make that color/cut happen. In addition to Juan, Eric the owner is always super friendly and both he & Juan treat me like I've been a client for years.I would highly recommend this salon to anyone looking for a change or a more natural approach to their haircare without sacrificing any atmosphere or style!
5	I left Phoenix for Seattle 4 years ago and for the last 4 years have have been generally unhappy with my hair. I moved back to Phoenix in December and although I have an old friend who owns a salon I have since decided I wanted to go the au naturel route. I was referred to Eric by a salon owner in Seattle so I did some research and decided on here and boy am I glad I did. For the first time in 4 years I am thrilled with my hair color! Eric is clearly talented, made me feel at ease and really took the time to make sure he was clear with what I wanted. During my time there, he carefully oversaw his other stylists work as well. The salon is beautiful, comfortable and intimate. You can tell the owner really cares about the salon and quality of work and his clients. I highly recommend this place if you not only care about the environment and avoiding toxicity, but just as a fantastic salon. I think I would feel comfortable going to any of the stylists because of how meticulous the owner is about quality.
5	I had such a great experience today that I actually looked forward to jumping on Yelp and writing a review. I bought the groupon for a full color, cut and style. I had never been there before so I had a little bit of a tough time finding the salon. Park in the back off Scottsdale road. The Green Room is downstairs, under the Sachi Salon.Joey was my stylist. I showed Joey pictures on my phone of short hairstyles I wanted and he colored and cut my hair exactly like I wanted. I've never had it this short and hope I can style it myself. I LOVE the color!!! Great job, Joey!I had the good fortune to meet Eric, the owner. Nice guy! Thank you for offering the groupon and for having such a great business!I'll be back!
5	I have lived here in Phoenix for 9 months now and have had a tough time finding a hair salon as I have thick, curly hair. I have been buying groupons for many places trying them out and none have worked. I bought the groupon for The Green Room to try it out and am absolutely in love with them! Steph was my stylist and she was amazing! I came in with a specific color I wanted as I will be leaving for two out of town weddings this month and she consulted the owner to make sure I got the right color. They would not let me leave until my color was perfect (my cut was amazing as well)! Eric (the owner) even took time to blow dry my hair after Stephanie's next client came.I will definitely be going back in the future for cuts and colors. The place was cute and cozy and the staff was super friendly. They definitely made me feel like they cared about me and what I wanted where the other salons just put a color on and let me go. So glad I found them and have found my new salon!
2	I bought a Groupon for this place because my sister said she did the same and had a good experience. I was not impressed whatsoever with The Green Room. It took 2hrs and 30min to do a full highlight and cut. She told me that she only had time to do a full (as opposed to a partial) if she didnt blow dry or flat iron my hair. I guess I was wrong in assuming she would at least towel dry it but I left sopping wet with my bangs dried so she could make sure they turned out even. Did I mention that "one of the employees is trying to quit smoking so she takes vapor breaks in the backroom"? How do I know this? Its because the girl who did my hair told me she took a drag while making my toner. She then proceeded to touch and work on my hair! GROSS! When I got home to dry my hair and do it the right way, combing through it was like coming through hair that has been drenched in honey. What ever was in what they use was sticky and gross. What normally takes me 5 min to do a quick brush through was about 15min with gross residue still in my hair. Also, instead of saying "Did you know your scalp is dry?" and not giving me any suggestions to take care of it...something said like "Hey, I notice that your scalp is dry. Something that might help is _________" would be a little more helpful and probably a little more nice or what about when she said "Your hair is falling out!" How about, "What kind of shampoo do you use?" "Well, this product might be a little more helpful in making your hair healthy and strong." On a positive note, the color turned out great but im sure that there are plenty of other places I can go for great color that wont have me walking out self conscious about a dry scalp and hair falling out.
5	I had a great experience at the Green Room and highly recommend!  Joey got my hair to the perfect color I wanted, gave it a trim, and sent me off feeling like my hair had been brought back to life.  I used a groupon to give it a try and my first experience there was perfect, I will be returning for sure.
5	Eric is AMAZING.  Nobody is ever going to get near my hair except for him ever again.
4	This was my first time here. I purchased a groupon for a haircut and style. I called to make an appointment and it took about a week. It's downstairs below the Sachi Salon. I love that they use all ORGANIC products. The scalp massage during my hair wash was fabulous! My stylist wasn't too talkative and asked me a few questions about the haircut and then I let her go. She did a great job. I will be back!
5	The first time I came in was from a groupon. I was so impressed that I came back a second time. The green room is such a nice escape from the usual hustle and bustle of bigger salons. The product is all organic no toxins and still smell amazing! Alex is phenomenal. I definitely found my new hair salon.
5	Eric isn't good - he is like the ninja of men's haircuts. I'm pretty new to town and one of the top Yelp'ers recommended Eric. It's the the best haircut I've had in years. Lets put it this way; if you get a haircut and don't think it's amazing, I would refund what you paid (up to $45) out of my own pocket. He's that good. If you want a stylish men's haircut you have to try Eric out. I can't imagine he wouldn't be the best haircut you can find.
5	Once again I had an amazing haircut by Eric.  I always feel like a million bucks when I walk out of the salon.  Cant say enough on how great you are!
5	No reason to not give this place 5 stars! Bought the hair cut groupon and called to make an appointment. Took me a while to get on their schedule but my life is busy! Took me a few minutes to find their cozy cove in the (pretentious) Sacchi Salon. But everyone I met at Green was more than friendly and not one bit fake! A nice change to see in a Scottsdale salon. Juan cut my hair. He was so great! I'm not much of a talker... And I never felt like he was too probing or disinterested. I will be going back for sure!
5	I've seen Alex now for two years and she's never disappointed me once with color or cuts. I highly recommend her for anyone!!! I moved to New England about a year ago and I fly in to Arizona just to see her!! The best!!
5	I recently moved to Phoenix and we all know how hard it is to find a good stylist...well I found one on my second try...Briana! I showed her a few pictures, asked her opinion and we came up with a style and color which she executed superbly! I liked how she took the time to listen to what I had to say; I felt very comfortable in her hands. I also liked how she genuinely seemed excited to give me a new look.The salon has a great atmosphere...I like how it is very upscale without being snobby. Everyone was very nice and they made you feel at home.The aroma of their products is great too!I highly recommend this salon...you will not be disappointed.
5	OUTSTANDING!OUTSTANDING! ......is just one word to describe the Green Room!I am in awe!  If anyone wanting to know whether this salon is "pretentious Scottsdale", I can attest that it is not.While searching for another salon with a similar name, I came across the Green Room, and starting reading reviews.  I called immediately and was able to secure an appointment with Eric and only had to wait 1.5 weeks for it.  The person with whom I spoke on the phone could not be more professional, courteous, informative, or kind.  That is just the beginning!Appointment:  My hair was a mess!  The color was all wrong and affected the texture, the ends were broken, and we all know that our hair can affect tremendously how we feel about ourselves.  Sad, but true.Since it was my first time there, Eric took the time to ask me questions and I expressed some of my concerns - (hair falling out, thinning hair, awful color, the texture, the split and broken ends, my age, complexion, previous surgeries, medications, etc.)  He blew me away with his knowledge on each item!  His kindness and compassion ......also appreciated!  So down to earth....REAL!  In fact, I can say the same for the other stylists that were working at the time.  I was treated so respectfully and nicely that I am still shaking my head.Skill:  Eric was kind enough to explain what he was doing each step of the way.  He mixed the best color and no odor or burning of the scalp or watery eyes while it was on my head. The shampoo experience was phenomenal...the massaging of the scalp was done so skillfully and with care. He cut my hair, and I was at such ease, (not nervous about it at all) and gave me a style that I can do myself.  He showed me how. Not every stylist does that!End result:  I walked out of there feeling happy and pretty!  My hair is silky, no split ends, he kept length (as I had asked), the color.......the color is magnificent!If you're here on vacation, a part time Arizonian, or you live here......be good to yourself....check out the Green Room!  You won't be disappointed!! You will walk out of there feeling good about yourself!
3	A+++++ awesome
4	My first time I went to the green room I had purchased a deal off groupon for a cut and color. I was excited to go in as I am a true believer in using eco friendly/ Sulfate free products.If I could I would give the green room 41/2 stars. The reason why I took a star off is that at first I did have a difficult time getting anyone to answer the phone during business hours. It  took 5 or 6 times of trying before someone answered. Once I did get my appointment set I was booked with Joey. The green room is located down stairs inside of sachi and it is super cute. When you first walk in it smells super good because the color they use doesnt contain the same chemicals that make most smell aweful. When I went in for my appointment my hair was aweful. I am really picky about who cuts my hair and I had moved from out of state leaving my hairdresser behind. Because of this I sadly hadn't had my hair done in a super long time and it needed some serious help. My hair had a natual ombre look to it from my roots being so outgrown and my ends were completly fried. Joey is super friendly and very stylish. I have never had a guy cut my hair so at first I was a little nervous but when he sat me down and started talking to me I was impressed because he asked me lots of questions to make sure he knew exactly what I wanted. Being that it was my first time with a new stylest I didnt want anything to crazy by the slim chace that my hair would end up a hot mess. We decided to keep as much length as we could while still getting rid of my dead ends and for color I went alot darker and a bit red. Since my hair is so dry Joey gave me a deep conditioning treatment wich i needed so so badly and I really apreatiated that. The products all smell like cupcakes or something so I was happy spending a little extra time at the washing station. I absolutly loved my cut and the color was fantastic. The blow out job that joey did was on point and I seriously wish I could hire him to do my hair every morning. With that said the cut looked great even with my subpar styling skills. Ok so now I trust Joey so I went in again and had him really cut my hair. I think we took off at least 6 or 7 inches. No color this time Because I really only did the color before to cover my aweful roots and honestly the color he did faded super well (red always fades on me) into my natural color so Im happy with what I have. I absolutly LOVE the hair cut. It has been one of the easiest cuts to style for me and everyone compliments me on my shorter hair. This time I also bought a Unite shampoo and conditioner and My hair loves it.Im moving back home in two weeks so Im sad that Joey wont be able to cut my hair anymore but I may just have to schedule an apointment for before I leave or next time im back in town. This is a great spot and I highly reccomend going in. Booking can be little hard but its worth the wait.
5	Eric is great with my hair.  Very knowledgable with products, certain styles, and extremely personable.   I'll fly in from out of town to get an appointment with him.  Salon itself is consistently kept neat and clean with a comfortable waiting area and great staff.   My top pick in PHX.
1	If I could rate them less than one star I would.  I have damaged hair which I understand is my fault, however, they refused to cut my hair unless it was the way they wanted it.  Which was either a pixie cut or a mullet.  Thanks for the wasted gas!
5	The Green Room is an awesome salon!! They have a great vibe and VERY friendly staff!! All of the organic hair products smell great and made my hair feel so soft and full.Kelly cut my long hair into a cute a-line. She cut off only what was necessary to make the cut look great and style easy, which pleased me since my hair grows slowly. I'm so happy with how it looks and feels. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. I highly recommend this place to anyone! Once you experience a cut and style from the green room, you wont want to go back to ordinary salons. Amazing place!!
4	I had a nice experience with this salon! Being from out of town i wasn't sure where to go and who to trust. I was in bad need of a hair cut and color. The receptionist was friendly and introduced me to Josie who did a great stylist cut and covered my grays!!! Best of all the hair color products was gentle on my skin.
5	First time at this cute salon! Maritsa did an amazing job highlighting and styling my hair! The owner was there and was very friendly and attentive to the clients! Great experience, definitely will be back and recommend to friends!!! Oh and it didn't smell like chemicals on there like most salons do!!!
5	Been to this location twice now and have received a ton of compliments on my new hair color.  I purchased a Groupon for a hair coloring package and wanted to test the waters of a new color a couple of months before my wedding to be sure I'd love it, and if I didn't I would have time to fix it!I arrived for my scheduled time on a Saturday, parked and headed in.  I was a little confused by the layout since their location is inside of another salon and on the lower level.  After a little walking around, I found my way downstairs to the nicely decorated, tucked away salon.I was offered a beverage (water, coffee, tea, etc.) while I waited by the front desk clerk.  The stylist arrived and she took me on back to the eclectic salon area - which has only a few chairs, sinks and a long table in the middle with a mix of hair products.  I picked out a reddish color dye and fell in love the minute it was washed out!  The dye itself didn't bother my head, unlike other chemical based dyes that make me itchy and my scalp turn red!After getting my hair straightened I fell in love all the more with the color and promptly booked a follow-up appt for the weekend before the wedding to ensure a vibrant color.  All went perfectly with that appointment as well!Overall: A+Grab up a Groupon, avoid those chemical based & smelly dyes at other places and head on over to this salon!
4	Eric the owner is a true genius with color and it doesn't hurt that the products he uses for color, shampoo and styling are all amazing and make your hair feel wonderful.  He takes his time and really works the color into the roots so you get good, even coverage on those difficult to treat grays.  And the process is gentle.  He doesn't rip your hair out trying to rush through the process.  In fact I  never felt rushed even though my hair probably took him longer to color and blow dry than most due to the resistant grays and because it tends to be thick and coarse.  However I left with the softest hair ever.  I could not believe it was mine!  The salon has a wonderful feel.  It is calm and serene, rather than the loud hustle bustle of other salons.  And there are no harsh chemical smells either.  The only reason I did not give Eric 5 stars is because the salon it is a little pricier than other salons and it is difficult to reach them by phone.  I will definitely return for my next color treatment and will report again to let you know if the second visit is as outstanding as the first.
5	I got my hair cut here for the first time by Josie. She was fantastic! She knew exactly what she was doing, got me in right away, was quick but did an amazing A-line cut for me. I will definitely be returning and highly recommend this adorable hidden gem!
5	This salon is AWESOME! Mary was super nice and did a wonderful job on my color (went dark w/ beautiful results). Everyone there was so great. Decor is modern, salon is quaint with a very relaxed feel. Everyone should enjoy this salon and the experience.
4	Tried this for the first time with a Groupon after noticing my hair thinning and having scalp irritation (from all the years of chemicals and chemical laden products I wondered). I got a little turned around finding the location (at Scottsdale Rd, Highland is actually north of Camelback, not South as it is in other parts of Phoenix), but once there and managing 2 sets of stairs (one I could have avoided with the elevator, but did not know that at the time), I found the desk and was greeted kindly.I found the staff to be easy to relate to and they seemed genuinely interested in my experience.  Unfortunately, I did not especially like the color that we chose to try for me on this first trip. I always have had trouble selecting from one of those "color cards", as my hair has a lot of red in it and tends to look brassy unless special care is taken. It is also difficult after seeing the same stylist for decades to try and change and get it all right in one try.I did purchase some products and will try those and hope they are better for me, scalp and skin for the long run. I will return and try a different color (or maybe a mix of colors?) or some highlights and base color? to try and get the right outcome.I will say my scalp was not as irritated as with my old stylist and so far the products seek okay (if not better than the very pricey Christina Moss organic products I purchased online and tried and liked).
5	Eric is amazing as always. When he asks me "what would you like to done " I always tell him to "just work your magic" and have never been disappointed. Once again he made me look fantastic and picked a great cut/style for the season and young and fresh. Thank you my friend!!
3	Staffs were friendly.  Location was a bit tricky, yet people inside gave good direction.The stylist was nice. Unfortunately, my stylist didn't gave me the hair style I want.  I showed him the picture couple of times and he affirmed me every time.  When I showed him one side is heavier than the other side, he fix it.  And when I asked him to trim a bit more, he said he is about to do it (and forgot to do so at the end).  A nice guy he is but I will not go back for another haircut.  :(
5	So I have tried a number of stylists and I thought I only found one within my 3 year residency in AZ who cut my hair to my tastes.  That is, until I decided to use a Groupon before I moved out of AZ for my possibly last/final haircut prior to my move (I was enticed by the green/organic theme).  First off, the actual salon is downstairs and I'm probably the only person who might not have equated "The Green Room" to "being the room that was actually green."  So I sat down prematurely in the waiting room that was one floor down from Sachi Salon; the actual room is 2 floors down from Sachi.  Tip: It would be ideal for one to venture down to the room where they see a green wall.  Janelle was my hairstylist and not only did she do an awesome job, she pointed out something that I was not aware of and called me later just to check up on me.  Not only was she very sweet and professional, she did a great job on my hair and whatever product that she used left my hair feeling soft for weeks (the haircut also probably helped).  I believe one of the reviews commented on the difficulty in scheduling/the front desk.  I definitely did not have this problem.  They even called me to let me know that Janelle was running a little behind.  Which was fine with me since it just allowed me more time to roam around on a lazy Saturday.
2	I had my hair done about 6 weeks ago. I am usually pretty accepting of different hair colors but my highlights didn't take at all, not sure if it is because it is organic or not. I wasn't going call and complain but all my friends asked if i dyed my hair myself because the partial was so off! I work full time and am 7 mo preggo and time caught up to me but they said they can't do a redo because it's past 2 wks. I usually don't like to dye my hair more than every 16 wks due to chemicals which is why i picked this place in the first place. I now just have to live with crappy highlights that i spent $120 on that they said they won't redo because of time frame. A mistake is a mistake regardless of time. See my highlight pic under their images!!!
5	I got my haircut with Thomas today. I had a living social voucher and they fit me in the day I called which was very convenient. Thomas asked lots of questions about what I wanted and was very professional. He was pleasant to talk to during the cut and the results were great. The owner also talked to me about healthier ways to straighten my hair. Highly recommend!
5	My favorite stylist, Nadia, is so great, I cannot say enough about her.  Yesterday she highlighted/colored my hair and as usual, it was gorgeous.  I call her magic fingers, she has been my stylist for years and I am always amazed each time she does my hair, and I change color often, it always looks like I am ready for a photo shoot!!!Do yourself a favor, call Nadia for an appt and you will not be disappointed. (No, I do not work for the Green Room and am not related to anyone, just a very happy client).Barbara T.
3	I have mixed feelings about my experience here. My hairdresser was Jenelle and I think she did a great job on my haircut! But not so sure about my highlights still, I'm not sure that they were worth the extra 30. She did tell me at the end that if I wanted to come back within 2-3 days to apply toner to my hair that she would do that. I'm hoping that I can stop in tomorrow and my hair will be more of what I was imagining.
1	While the place is cute, the staff is VERY unprofessional. First of all they never answer their phone, don't you have a receptionist? Secondly, they have no manners. When my sister and I arrived for our appointments there was a man sitting behind the front desk eating a sandwich and talking to us with his mouth full (GROSS). My stylist wasn't much better. She seemed completely uninterested and bored the entire time and hardly even made an attempt to speak to me. She sat me down in a chair COVERED in someone else's hair (disgusting) and spent a mere 30 minutes on my haircut, which from experience I know should take at least an hour and a half if the stylist has any pride for their work. the end result... my hair looks absolutely no different. Unfortunately my sister had an even worse experience and her stylist was extremely RUDE. She made my sister stand up for the entire appointment (uhm, hello- isn't this supposed to be a relaxing experience?) and insulted her and her hair the entire time (FYI my sister has beautiful, healthy, long hair). Lady if this is how you get clients to come back, by making them feel like they need to because you create a sense of insecurity- its NOT working. Her stylist was also running behind, so despite my sisters request for her to add more layers and fix her botched bangs from a previous salon experience, the stylist simply trimmed her ends. Even after my sister argued with her (yes, she had to argue with her- what happened to the customer being right?) about her not doing what she requested, the stylist refused to do anything and simply said, "well my next client is here". This salon and great potential but their staff needs some etiquette school. They are lacking professionalism and customer service skills and would greatly benefit from a strong dose of manners.
5	Eight months of externships, interviews, and partying in Miami = humidity-fried, unhappy hair.  As soon as I arrived in Phoenix, I grabbed a groupon and headed over to the Green Room Organic Hair Lounge.  Thomas, my stylist, was hilarious and gives great head massages (isn't that why we all go get our hair cut instead of submitting to our spouses on a chair in the kitchen?).  The physical location of the Green Room is pretty fun too, since it's in the basement of a super fancy salon/spa upstairs.  You get all the excitement of walking around the water features at the entrance and observing the pet bunny rabbits hopping around outside without having to pay the extra mark-up in fees.  All in all, I'll definitely be back.
5	The Green Room is awesome, everyone there is very  friendly and the owner always makes a point of telling me how nice my hair looks and to have a nice day.  Nadia does my hair and I always have  people compliment me on the color and style.
5	In a few months, it will be one year that I made the decision to have Eric care for my hair at The Green Room!  STILL OUTSTANDING; STILL AWESOME!!!  Actually, more so......I should have tried to post a photo of what my hair looked like when I entered the Green Room for the first time.  My hair was weak, ruined by color, was falling out, and had no body at all.  Instead of cutting it off to start over, because I wanted to keep the length, Eric worked on it at each appointment, trimming, conditioning, and massaging my scalp.  He recommended the best products on the market for my issues.  Today, I was due for color and a trim (yep, just a trim because my hair is HEALTHY again), and Eric called some of the other stylists over to show them the hair growth (like three inches) where my hair had been falling out.  I attribute this to his method and schedule AND his products.  In May, he started carrying a new product, and I immediately started using it.  Those nearly three inches I mentioned grew in only TWO months!!!  I am blown away!  Again, I say......be good to yourself!  Go to the Green Room!  I am in awe today, more than ever!  I have length, body, shine, my hair has grown back, and is NOT falling out anymore!This review is also for all the men out there who might be losing their hair.  Make an appointment.  Ask Eric for his opinion and expertise.  If he or any of the stylists can help your particular situation..............they will.Jennelle is so special, so professional and warm.  A very welcoming, lovely atmosphere!  PS.  And the products smell sooooo clean, so good!!!
1	Purchased a living social deal.. What better way to find a new salon without spending a bunch of cash and possibly end up unhappy?  I was also curious about how organic hair color would work on my hair that has been abused with Redken for years.  I work in an industry where we survive on tips, so I get it, its annoying when someone uses a coupon...but it also brings in a new customer base.  I bought my living social deal for $69 today (7/21/2014) and called to make an appointment.  I was hoping for sometime next week and the chick on the phone goes "uhhhh we don't have anything available for that until October 5th."  Coupon returned.
3	This was my second time to The Green Room. After reading some of the reviews and not liking the color I tried to choose from the color card, I changed my appointment to Eric (as several of the reviews said he was an expert on color).While outwardly everyone seemed nice enough, I said hello to the person I had when I first came to the salon and then changed the appointment, and maybe she did not hear me, but there was no answer.  I also felt a little uncomfortable vibe under it all.As far as the hair goes, the highlights are nice (though there are a lot of them) and while I think it solved the color problem on one level, I do not get highlights every visit (or the hair is then all the highlighted color eventually) I do not think that it is completely resolved.I know these kinds of things can take time and trial and error (which is why trying a new place is so time and energy consuming).  I will try again and see if we can continue to fine tune the color/cut issue and hopefully I was imagining the vibe issue and all will be well on next visit.While I do like how my hair felt with the products that were used on it (and I purchased 2 products for home), I still prefer the Christina Moss organic shampoo & conditioner I found online over the angel wash shampoo I purchased.  Both are an improvement over what I had though, so I am sure I will use them both.
5	I specifically requested Eric as my stylist because of his reputation here on Yelp. He is very knowledgeable, super friendly and made me feel right at home. He cut my hair like pro and probably the best one out there. The scalp massage was amazing (he's got the magic hand). I cant wait to go back again and get a haircut. If you're a guy looking for a good stylist, look no further because Eric is the man.
5	Eric is a fantastic stylist and colorist!  I've been a very happy client for over 4 years (and have massively thick difficult hair to work with, but he does a 5 star job with it!);  Highly recommend - plus the staff is super friendly and helpful!
5	I Love this salon! Thomas is the best. I know when I walk in there is no way I will leave disappointed. The salon is modern and chic while at the same time comfortable. I think it is wonderful that they use organic and eco friendly products, its actually noticeable when you walk in, you don't smell that distinct smell of ammonia like other salons, which for me was a pleasant surprise. I honestly can not see myself going anywhere else again, I have finally found my salon home, and I really think anyone else who checks them out will feel the same.
5	I visited The Green Room recently and my stylist, Nadia, did a terrific job again.  We tried a new color and highlight and it turned out great -- as always, but I especially like how my hair looks and the silky feel - this time Nadia did a deep oil treatment.Call Nadia at 480-421-9767.Barbara T.
5	I can't say enough.....Eric is simply amazing!  I am VERY picky about my hair and was bummed when my stylist left.  But then Eric was recommended to me by a couple friends and I'm SO happy that they did.Right away you feel at ease while in his chair.  He sits down and talks to you about want, like, don't like etc.  He really listens to what you have to say and will always give you his honest opinion.  I came out of the salon feeling amazing!On 9/13/14 I will be going back for a cut and color and am extremely excited!  I wouldn't put my hair in anyone else's hands but his.  He's not just a stylist, he's a hair artist and loves making his clients look and feel their absolute best.  If there is a wait to get in to see him, take the appointment and wait.  Good things come to those who wait right?  And I promise you he is worth it!
4	Third visit and I appreciate Eric working with me toward accomplishing the right color goal. Finding the right color and cut combination can be a challenge, especially as I get older.  Eric does listen and tries  to accommodate.  Trial and error is part of the process. I will keep working toward finding just the right combination.  Wish they did not have the stairs, but luckily there are only a few (if you take the elevator for the first flight),so  they are manageable most days.
5	I was nervous at first with the name, but, they made me look like and feel like a Million Dollars. The staff was very friendly from the moment I walked in to the moment I walked out.   They were very professional and down to earth people.Usually when I get a cut, I expect to hear about the life of the stylist, but I was surprised when my stylist wanted to know about me and what I did for fun and turns out we had some activities in common.  I would give them and A+ for being great relationship builders which is something you do not see that much anymore.   Everyone is in a rush to get you in and out.  When my cut was over, it was over, no half hour up-sells on products, just a great hair cut.They are located in a really cool building with lots of parking and easy to get too.Thanks for a great experience, and I look forward to seeing you again.Jim Kreisman
4	Needed to get my hair did in Scottsdale while I was out there for the weekend.While it's surprisingly hard to find places when you search for "Men's haircut" in general, I was still able to get enough from perusing the trusty Yelp reviews to ID this place as my testing ground for Scottsdale Men's Haircut.Got an appointment as desired time (easy phone scheduling).Received my friendly day-before reminder. (Thanks!)Found the place easily thru other Yelp review tips. (Didn't look like a total n00b)Haircut was good.Pre-cut wash. Good.Post-cut wash. Definitely appreciated and noted (and crucial to my satisfaction of the hair cutting experience).Would definitely come back if I needed a haircut next time I'm in town.SEO: Basement, Side-Door, Men's Haircut, Handsome, Very Happy. You're Welcome.
5	Found a deal for them on Living Social and I had a great experience! Josie was very nice and did exactly what I wanted! I showed her some pictures and she got the color perfect! I will go back here for sure.
