5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the Madison area. Everything we ordered was so wonderful and flavorful.  The appetizer Quesadillas de Rajas y Queso were real eye openers and delicious, unlike anything I'd had before. My stuffed pepper was so full of flavor and nicely presented. My wife's carne asada was  tender and spiced perfectly. The dessert, platanos con cajetas, made our eyes roll back in our heads: exotic and like a revelation. Our waitress knew the menu so well and was eager to tell us all about each item we were interested in.  The staff are welcoming and the ambiance is cheery. Try it!
4	As good as it gets for Mexican cuisine in Madison.  I say cuisine for a reason.  This is not chain Mexican or a taco joint.  Nothing terribly fancy just nice preparations in a small family friendly restaurant.  Great margarita's too.
4	I've driven by this place many a time without a clue. It's in the Market Square area by Pegasus Games, just so you know!What a great little place. Definitely authentic. My waitress was super sweet and patient. It took me forever to decide what I wanted, because everything sounded good. Besides, I was distracted by the chips...ohhhh, the chips! Probably my fave in Madison.  I decided to get a combo dish, to try a few things. Everything was delicious, and a refreshing change from what some think of as "Mexican"(you know who you are!). Fresh flavors and simple dishes done great!
4	Sometimes when I start to write a review, the reviews of the people that have reviewed the place before me totally mesmerize me, and I feel more compelled to review the review than the restaurant!I had this whole scathing paragraph all typed out, but when it comes down to it, really, you should just check out La Meztiza.  It's definitely authentic.  The chips are the best in town, but the salsa is not.  I wish they had a slightly bigger menu, and it seems just a tad pricey for the portions.  The place is in a strip mall next to Pegasus Games, there shouldn't be any pretensions.All this being said, I want some right now.
2	I hate to say that I was utterly disappointed with La Mestiza. I had been wanting to try this for a long time, and had high expectation from looking at the menu so many times.I ordered the sangria and I love sangria but this was just boring. Hardly any fruit in it and it came in a very small wine glass and was way too expensive.The chips were stale and that was VERY disappointing because we were all starving.The menu items looked so yummy and tasty, but everything was boring. I got the tamale and it was just a chunk of meat basically.I won't be back.
5	I give La Mestiza five stars because I've been there over a dozen times and still want to go back regularly. It's definitely one of the two best Mexican restaurants in Madison.As other reviewers have already commented, their homemade chips are the best I've had anywhere in the country. If you go there for lunch, one of my favorite's is their Tre Tacos. The pastor (pork) is the best but all three are quite good. I usually get three pork tacos though since the swine is the king of all meats!  Oh, and speaking of pork, on Friday nights, their weekly special is pork shank with cactus. It's one of the best meals in Madison for the price!La Mestiza's flavor re-kindles memories of going to a Latino friend's home and being treated to the skill and knowlege of generations of mothers and grandmothers. If you like authentic Mexican cusine, check them out.
4	In the upper midwest, when soemone says "mexican food" the immediate thought is usually of some varaitey of tex-mex, or god help us something vaguely resembling outsized taco bell entrees.  And that stuff has its place - it's great comfort food and who can't say they've had a post-bar-time craving for a big plate of unnaturally orange nachos?This is not one of those places.Mexican food is diverse and varied, and La Mestiza chooses to focus on the home-style foods of Oaxaca.  While they have a selection of tacos, tortas, and tamales, they also feature a lot of slow-cooked braised meats, and really that's where the action is.  Stewed lamb, slow-cooked pork, carnitas, in sauces of pasilla chiles or a dark mole poblano - this is the real deal.  They even do a respectable ceviche, something one usually doesn't expect to find in a strip mall.Unfortunately the rice and beans as a ubiquitous side dish are pedestrian.  I've had worse, but I've also had better.  The opening salvo of fresh tortilla chips with salsas is quite nice.  It's something every mexican restaurant does, but the chips here are usually hot and just slightly greasy from their recent frying, and the salsas are different from the tomato-and-cilantro affairs that grace most tables.  A somewhat hot, smoky, slightly bitter red chile sauce on one side, and a soft, vegetal green sauce on the other.  You can order guacamole, but it's best to skip it - it's nothing particularly memorable and, while traditional, lacks much flavor beyond avocado.  They're licensed to sell drinks, and make a mean margarita.  They are, on the face of it, more expensive than your standard taqueria or tex-mex establishment, although it's slightly deceptive.  Portions are large for dinner, and lunch hours are graced with very reasonably-priced lunch specials that are generally slightly smaller versions of their flagship dishes.
1	We tried this place out and were extremely disappointed.  Service was terrible - food took around 50 mins and this was a Tuesday evening with a half-empty restaurant.  Food wasn't great.  Enchiladas were bland.  Rice was dried out.  Not a good experience overall.  Has potential though, if managed better.  Also, about 20% more expensive than Mexican food alternatives in the area - not sure why.
5	best & most authentic mexican food we've had in Madison. love the tamales, the tacos, the enchiladas, the chips and the salsa. guacamole is pretty tasty too. good margaritas and generally pleasant service. we've been back several times and introduced friends to it as well.
3	I'm not sure I see the appeal of La Mestiza.  I've been twice now, once with a group of friends and once with my girlfriend, and both times I left with a lot to be desired.  The atmosphere is agreeable, with a small selection of tables/booths and a quiet social feel.  If there's any plusses that would be the biggest one.  Most Mexican restaurants that I've been to in my life have been either noisy, basic, or non-traditional, and La Mestiza definitely gets points for having it's own style.  As you walk in, they have the entrance blocked off by stage-like curtains, and the overall dining area is peaceful.  One of the first things you'll encounter after sitting down is their lovely chips and salsas, which are delicious as others mentioned.  There's something sweet in taste about the chips, and the green salsa is probably the only of it's kind that I've ever enjoyed.Now that the good part's out of the way, let me tell you why I'm giving La Mestiza only 3 stars.  First, they are extremely overpriced.  The drinks and appetizers are reasonable, but almost every meal is $12-18, and for Mexican food that's just too much.  If it were something I was impressed with, I'd be a little more generous in this area, but for food that came off as incredibly bland, this price is not something I can settle with.  I've tried their first chicken dish on the menu (can't remember the name), the tamales, and their enchiladas.  All of these selections had a very basic description, but once they were served you found yourself with a meal that was chock full of ingredients and smothered in unfamiliar sauces.  My first Chicken dish had a handful of things I'd rather not eat, and so I had to basically take a few bites and then resort back to the free chips.  The other two entrees were just bland, with a giant dumping of brown mole sauce and white unknown sauce slathered over all of it.  I ended up cleaning my plate for both of those, but that just left me uncomfortably full and not satisified because there wasn't anything tasty about them.Taste buds are different for everyone though, and seeing all the positive reviews here makes me think that maybe others just hit something that suit them.  That said, I tried 3 dishes and they don't have a ton to begin with, so I'm still skeptical.  There's also no hot sauce or flavor sauce of any kind, something that is a MUST for me at a Mexican restaurant.Service was questionable.  At first, it seems very personal, as there are few people in the restaurant and the waitresses come off as polite and prompt.  But the politeness seems fake; both my girlfriend and I were like "what the hell is her deal?" almost the entire time, both times.  Both waitresses read the options and specials off in a really robotic manner, and while they showed all the usual signs of courtesy, there was just something a bit off.  I don't know how to explain it, and we certainly were in good moods both times so it wasn't something that we carried over from a previous activity.It might have something to do with the patrons.  The typical customer seems to be either older middle-aged white westside parents with a dose of snooty, or business women out for a work lunch.  I guess if I was serving that type of clientel all day, I'd be putting on a front as well.  Then again, maybe we just hit a string of bad luck.So in the end I can't recommend La Mestiza.  While there is truly a drought of good Mexican in Madison, this place just doesn't have enough shine to fill the gap.  If you want good Mexican, drive to Milwaukee and go to the soutside.  You'll get your money's worth, you'll be full, and you'll have a big smile on your face.  And for pete sakes, at least put some Cholula on the table.
4	Great food, great service, more authentic than most in town, kid friendly.
4	I ate at both locations and really liked it for diner and breakfast on the weekend.  Salsa and chips were good and fresh.  Roast pork dish was spot-on. Only complaint is that mole needs a bit more zip.  Look forward to returning next time I'm in town.
4	I'll admit I was a little shocked by the price of La Mestiza. At least where I'm from, it's incredibly unlikely to wander into a Mexican Restaurant in a strip mall and end up paying 14$ a plate.That said, the food was good. Very good, even. My only complaint is that there are only two things on the vegetarian menu, one of which were fajitas, which I'm not crazy about... which doesn't give me any options.The drinks were dynamite, super tasty and well balanced, and our server was friendly and professional.I'll definitely be back.
3	Some good things: Tortilla chips, Tostadas de Tinga, Flauta de Pollo, and the restaurant itself is clean, good parking. Things I didn't like or were just so-so: The salsa - I'm just not a fan of this style, which seemed to be very thin/liquid. Didn't taste bad, just wasn't what I was in the mood for. Neither were tomato based, which is what my preference is. The service - one waitress seemed very pleasant and responsive. Our waitress clearly did not want to be there, and did not want to be working. Our waitress misunderstood the order of another customer, and when the customer insisted that she get what she actually ordered, the waitress made a face as she walked the other customer's dish back to the kitchen.  My husband did not like the Pollo en Manchamenteles. Sauce was too sweet for him and price for what you get was high. So, hit or miss.
3	The food is fresh, somewhat unique and, for a strip mall, the place feels kind of cool.  Portions are big, chips and guac are awesome (best guac I've had in a long time) and service is good.  What stops me from giving more stars is the price.  I know, I know, its good food.  But it is in a strip-mall and it is Mexican food.  I guess I would rate 3 1/2 stars if I could.  But to drop over a $100 for 3 entrees, some apps and some drinks is steep for strip-mall Mexican.  I do like the place and I do go back, but it pains me a little to pay for it.
5	Oh, the carnitas. I mean, come on. How can pork simmered(usually in lard) NOT be delicious. Exactly. For some reason, the last two times I've gone to La Mestiza, they've had carnitas as the special, and I can not refuse. Mmmmm, tasty. I've been looking over a few reviews, and yes...the prices are a bit high, but we ALWAYS take home part of our meal. The portions are large. Also, I have found Dine Madison and Groupon deals for this restaurant a few times now, which basically means half price tastiness opportunities abound.
5	I've been there twice and both times it was great. The price wasn't bad and the service was excellent. To see it from the outside, you might have doubts but don't let that stop you. A very pleasant surprise.
4	Very authentic mole, just enough spice with the sweet.  Delicious guacamole. Hand squeezed margaritas.  Vegetarian refried beans. Not a taqueria.  We'll be back.
4	La Mestiza is really good.Coming from Southern California, I didn't expect to find any authentic Mexican food in Madison, but we gave this place a try and damn it was good. They even had nopales! Yum!As for the people who say it's expensive: where do you eat normally? Taco Bell?The entrees average around $13-15 and while the location doesn't exactly prepare you for that price, it is by no means expensive. My basic thought is that if you think a $6 appetizer and a $15 entree are too pricey then maybe you should look at eating at microwaved burritos at Pedro's or something.Also: DELICIOUS CHIPS!
2	Had a Groupon so I tried this place for lunch with a couple of friends. The menu was limited, the service was slow, the soda was flat, and the food was not to my liking at all. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  The only saving grace was that the food was clearly fresh.If you are looking for good, fast and inexpensive Mexican food, go to Laredo's down the street.
1	HORRIBLE service. There was only one waiter and he clearly could not manage more than 3 parties at once. He was unable to explain the size difference between an appetizer and entree (later I found out it was because the entrees were smaller portions). I was served a glass with lipstick on it, clearly indicating that my glass was not cleaned. The chips were ok. To top it off, the waiter automatically added the tip into the bill and I had to ask for a receipt where I could adjust the tip. Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant due to poor service, price, portion size, and dishonest billing practices.
4	Went early on a Friday evening. We were the first ones in for dinner and by the time our food came the restaurant was full. We had the shrimp ceviche and Flautas as starters. Both were amazing. It's not often that I'm struck by a unique flavor but both had a rare distinct taste. Between the four people in our party we had carne de sada, Camarones Enchilados (jumbo shrimp), pork and lamb chops. The meats were super tender and juicy. The shrimp were the largest I've seen in a restaurant and coated with a SPICEY orange sauce. I love spicy food and this sauce had a kick. The meal was served with fresh flour tortillas; something I've never seen in the midwest.The only weakness in the food were the chips (little greasy). But this in no way detracts from the awesomeness of the entrees. BEST MEXICAN RESTAURANT IN MADISON. HANDS DOWN!
1	I purchased a Groupon to try this place out, and it was a huge mistake. I showed it to our server up front, and our total bill came to about $40. When I paid, I handed over my credit card and the Groupon. The server went in the back to talk to his manager, and then came back to our table. He told us that the manager would not accept the Groupon, and that he had charged the full amount to my card. When I asked to speak with the manager, our server's response was "he won't come out, he's too angry to talk with you". What?The food was decent, but we left feeling angry and disrespected. Don't waste your time with this place.
4	If you are tired of the usual Mexican place with burritos, tacos and enchiladas with the same old variations and drinks that are half sour mix, this is the place for you.  Really good food.  We have been here 4-5 times and always had something different and always loved it.  I have to say the service has been a little iffy at times, but the food made up for it.Some people seem to think it is pricey.  You are not getting ground beef on a tortilla... it will be a little a little more expensive.
5	Amazing! Best Mexican in Madison!
5	Great food!  Love the mole options!  and very good margaritas. The chips are addictive. And the service is quick, thorough, and very courteous.  Very casual environment.
3	I'll have to say I was pleasantly surprised by La Mestiza. After moving to Madison in March (2012) from Chicago I lamented ever finding good Mexican food in town. I went to La Mestiza twice and have to say the food is pretty good. Let it be known I am judging Mexican food against places in the Pilsen and Logan Square neighborhoods of Chicago as well as locales in Southern California, so I have fairly high standards. 3 stars is a good showing, a against all of Madison this is the best I've had so far.On visit #1 I had mole enchiladas, and they were a solid presentation wit a good portion. The mole was of good quality even if a touch under-spiced, but opinions vary on that topic. The chicken in those enchiladas, however, was the best. It was tender, white and juicy; not dry as in every other enchilada I've had. Rice was ok but the vegetarian black beans were excellent with very balanced flavors. I recommend those highly.On visit #2, I had lunch. This time I wanted to get a taste of their various meats so I went with a trio of tacos -- one al Pastor, one chicken, and one carne asada. The chicken was good and the carne asada better than most, but I found the al pastor lacking with too much sweetness. All tacos were proper tacos with doubled-up corn tortillas, diced onion and chopped cilantro. The refried beans and the rice were average, but that's not a negative. They're fine, just nothing special.Despite the strip mall location, La Mestiza has been able to make you feel as if you're not in a strip mall. I feel they're done they best they can on that front and applaud them for it. Service was pleasant and attentive, but both times items I had ordered were forgotten and I had to ask. My opinion is the waitstaff is pressed due to a groupon deal, so I won't fault them too much for it. Again, they were super nice both times, just a little forgetful. Seeing a table of 12 walk in will do that, I suppose. Prices were fair but nothing to write home about. I did not have and drinks, but the selection of Mexican beers looked good. I would get Pacifico if I were you.I would give 3.5 stars if I could. I will still be back and hope they iron out the kinks sometime soon.
2	I really love their food here, I've been visiting regularly since I moved into the area over a year ago. But I was really disappointed on my last visit to find out they now charge you $1 for any basket of chips after your initial first. I came here with a group of 4 people, and we received only one basket that was about half full when we arrived. If you're going to charge $1 for each basket after that, PLUS another .50 for the salsa, then be gracious enough to give us a full basket in the first place or at least one for every two people. :( Awfully sad, we'll be going elsewhere that doesn't charge us out the nose for things that are usually complimentary at other mexican restaurants.
4	I've been there twice, both with the Groupon for a meal, side, and margarita. I'd definitely pay full price here though.They have GREAT specials- last time I had pulled pork. They also had amazing crab-stuffed peppers which my boyfriend loved. The sides are good too- the cactus nopales and grilled green onions had amazing flavor. The fried plantains were a little smushy. The have interesting entrees that aren't your typical Mexican restaurant food- I had salmon which was cooked perfectly and topped with fresh pineapple salsa.The margaritas can be a little unreliable- the first time we came, they were overly sweet. The second time, we went early on a weeknight and they made them fresh, not from a prepared pitcher. The server said they use sweetened lime juice, not a mix. They were pretty tasty on my second visit.Atmosphere wise, it's not great- it's in a strip mall on the west side. It's near the discount movie theater. Inside, it's booths and tables- definitely nothing fancy. But the food is much higher end than the surroundings!
1	First of all, am I alone in thinking it's extremely odd to walk into a  restaurant on a Thursday night at 5:30pm with a lighted "Open" sign in the window, to find the restaurant is completely empty and, after loudly saying "hello"  2 or 3 times, you find you have to call them on the phone in order for someone to come out from the back and discover that someone is inside the restaurant and would actually like to eat dinner there? Well......I should have just emptied the cash register and gone my happy way.But no. We sat down and ordered.So, am I also alone in thinking that when you order the Jicama-Cucumber Salad, maybe they shouldn't serve it to you if  "the chef apologizes that we don't have any jicama today". Just sayin'.  But seriously.  The waiter set the plate of shredded iceberg lettuce covered with slices of cucumber drizzled with dressing and said exactly that. Then, the main course arrived. I ordered the special enchiladas.........Awe forget it.  I was going to describe just how horrible this meal and this experience was, but I can't bring myself to waste my time. We were there until 7:00pm and nobody else ever came in the place. They must know what we didn't know yet. All I have to say is:Take a pass on spending your money on  "La Mestiza".
4	First time here and already it's by far much better than some of the other places I've been to here in Madison.  Instantly greeted, we sat and were served drinks quickly.  The red salsa has a great smoky flavor and kick to it.  Ordered the fish tacos and were really impressed!  No fried undistinguishable fish here...just flavorfuly steamed fish with fresh toppings.  I should mention I moved here from Chicago about 1.5yrs ago and have been sorely disappointed in the Mexican places here, will certainly be back to try the other items on the menu.  The other reviews about the service need to relax, the food is good!
5	The food was great as always. The house made tortilla chips were hot and light as air. Love the cochinitas and the lamb.  The complexity of flavor is outstanding. The simply described cebollitas were a pleasant surprise. I had never ordered them before, but I will always get them in the future. Madison is lucky to have a Mexican restaurant like La Mestiza.
4	Authentic Mexican food in a humble setting.  The carrots preserved in vinegar are magnificent.  This is a hard-working kitchen that consistently serves tasty fare.  I can recommend this restaurant with confidence.
4	We went there with a Groupon coupon, and found the food and service much better than expected. This is not your average Mexican restaurant. The menu is interesting and imaginative, and the service prompt, informative and courteous. But most importantly, the meals we had, Cochinita Pibil and a salmon special were very good. We will definitely be back.
5	First visit tonight and we loved it! I got the taco trio and husband got the special which was pork enchiladas with rose sauce. Amazing fresh and delicious food. We will be back, and probably very soon!
5	Outstanding, authentic, creative Mexican food. Those looking to go beyond burritos and explore Mexico's rich culinary traditions should pay La Mestiza a visit.
5	Authentic CLEAN Spanish cuisine, good service.
5	I have now visited La Mestiza twice, and I can't say enough good things about this place. We've struggled to find good Mexican food in Madison. La Mestiza will not satisfy your need for a giant burrito or tacos - it's not the traditional Mexican restaurant you find in America with combination plates. La Mestiza serves a relatively small menu composed of dishes highlighting the traditional regional cuisines of Mexico. The dishes are a little bit pricey, but you get everything you expect in a pricey meal. The presentation is gorgeous, and the food is fresh and delicious. I personally recommend the enchiladas pollo con mole - their traditonal Oaxacan mole sauce is phenomenal, with all the subtle nuttiness and rich chocolate flavors I pray for when I order mole. We've ordered specials as well as the carne asada, and they all elicited "ooo"s and "aahhh"s. They have an excellent house margarita and a couple of Mexican draft beers.The restaurant is very small, but cozy and pleasant. This is a casual restaurant that attracts a wide variety of people. The decor is inviting and comfortable, with interesting artwork hanging on the walls and paper cut-outs strung from the ceiling in a playful, un-tacky sort of way. Do come here to eat at a table - the bar only has a couple of chairs and seems to be intended only for people who are waiting for their take-out orders.Finally, the service is excellent. I've had two different servers (who were both there both times I've visited), and they offer the knowledgeable, understated, and appropriately attentive service I would expect from a fine dining restaurant.
5	Went here with a Groupon a few weeks ago. I'm still thinking about how good the food was!I'm from the South, and had just assumed Mexican food isn't as good here in the Midwest. Was I wrong! Best Mexican food in the area by a landslide, fantastic margaritas (no bottom shelf liquor), and in-house-made tortilla chips. Service was very good--the waiter was incredibly knowledgeable. GO!
4	People get fussy about Mexican restaurants. Is it authentic (which region?)? Is it Americanized? Is it just like the Mexico they saw when they went on vacation? Are they from SoCal or Texas?  There's a place for platters of rice/beans and cheese covering 'something' underneath served with chips from a bag and red or green sauce. Then there are places that seem more real. La Mestiza is one. It's a notch or two up in feel and decor from Tac.Guadalajara and a bit fancier and pricier that La Guanjuatence. The menu is more limited and they seem to want to focus on doing a few things really well. They succeed. They have Negra Modelo on tap, always a good sign. Real Margaritas (talking to you La Guanjuatence!) are a win. The chips were freshly cooked, hot and delish!  Spousal Unit had the Chicken Mole enchiladas. I love mole. Theirs was good and she loved it. A little too sweet for my tastes and it could have been spicier (I say that a lot in Madison). I had the Yucatan classic, Cochinita Pibil. Nicely presented and flavorful. Unlike some of my favorite Mexican places, this is a place you could go on a date.
5	Really really good Mexican food. Not your standard fare compared to other Mexican places in Madison. Tasty pumpkin mole sauce. They have really good cafe de oja. Of course the salsa and tortilla chips are the best.
5	Its hard to find authentic mexican food in madison when everyone tells you Laredos is the place to go. La Mestiza fills that void. Vibrant flavors and great selection make up a vast array of authentic mexican dishes at La Mestiza. My favorite things on the menu are the Cochinta Pibil and the Chile Rellenos. The Nopales (grilled cactus) are to die for as well as a side. Overall i can't say i've ever had anything bad here but i usually stick to the waiters decision.
4	I have to say food is good!
4	This is the kind of place that you see from the outside and move on. When it comes to food, never judge it from its cover. The staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. I can't remember what I ordered, but I can recall the the mental snapshot I took for the food.
4	This place is delicious and the service was great.  I had the trio tacos which gives you a variety of meats and flavors.
5	Best Mexican food in Madison I'm pretty sure.  I love it.  Homemade tortilla chips.  Wonderful pork, wonderful tacos.  I've been there twice and I'll go again soon.
3	I wanted to love this place! I have been looking for a good Mexican restaurant and everyone has been suggesting La Mestiza. It's a little pricey for Mexican food so we made a point to go for Happy Hour and we were told it would be well worth it either way. We were greeted by a nice young lady named Silvia (it said on the receipt) who promptly filled our water glasses. We asked what the Happy Hour specials were and she said, "Oh gosh (long thoughtful pause), I don't even know...it's been so long since anyone has asked." At first, I interpreted it as "hey D-Bag, you're at a gourmet restaurant and the price shouldn't matter." I gave her the benefit of the doubt.  We ordered a margarita and a can of Tecate (which are $4 and $2.50 during H.H. since Silvia isn't going to know). She came back to the table and I thought she was going to ask salt or no salt but she forgot the order in the 30 seconds she was away; she never asked about salt but I didn't care. Side note: the Yelp check in offer is for a $7.95 lunch special but the specials range from $5.99 - $7.99 so don't even bother checking in. I thought the margarita was fantastic. No fake green color or sweet and sour mix - 5 stars for a house margarita. The chips were also fantastic, light and crispy, and came with a mild green and "hot" red salsa. Both had good flavor but there was barely enough in the dishes to scoop onto the chip and neither had much heat. I noticed on the menu that a 2nd basket of chips was $1 and each additional salsa was $0.50 which Silvia was pushing heavily. I commented on the lack of heat and she asked me if I wanted to try one of their hotter salsas. I happily agreed. I got the happy hour taco trio of Al Pastor which were top notch! I also really like the new hot salsa. Silvia also forgot this order and had to check back again. In the meantime, a guy came in and ordered a margarita. He asked several questions that he didn't like the answers to or Silvia didn't know the answers to. He tried the margarita and informed the waitress that he didn't like it and wanted to go. She brought him the check and he refused to pay for it. From what I could gather, Silvia was saying that he drank some of it so he had to pay. She wouldn't take it off the bill and at one point I heard someone say that they would call the police if he didn't pay for it. A manager came out and eventually took it off the bill but only after a few more minutes of arguing. Finally, I got my check and I was charged $1.59 for "trying" the hot salsa even though the menu states that salsa refills are $0.50. To summarize, the drinks were really good. The food was great. The service was totally spaced out at best. But, overall I felt like they were trying to nickel and dime people. Charging for chips and salsa, bogus Yelp check in offers, overcharging for salsa refills and shaking the guy down for a margarita he didn't care for. If they made a few tweaks to their service and pricing, this could easily be a 5 star place.
4	http://lamestizamadison.wordpress.com/
3	This Mexican joint on the West side is pretty tasty overall and fun to visit for lunch.Pros: vegetarian options, authentic Mexican cuisine, friendly service, free chipsCons: geographic location (not close to anything), physical location (it's in a strip mall), could use a renovationTry this place out with a friend but save it for a lunch date when you need a quick cheap bite!
4	For what it is, it is very good. I got the lamb shoulder, my wife got the carne asada. We started with chips and salsa and guacamole.The chips were out of the world-- very good. The green salsa was very good, not spicy but very flavorful. The red salsa just wasn't doing it for me. I tried it two or three times and just couldn't get into the flavor at all. The guacamole was quite good-- smoothe, creamy, delicious. The margaritas are phenomenal, definitely worth ordering. They are served on the rocks, in case you like them frozen. The lamb shoulder was incredible. It was served with rice and beans, which were fairly generic on their own. The lamb made up for it though. It was covered in a delicious, slightly spicy sauce with a touch of sweetness. The carne asada was pretty good. It wasn't the best steak I've ever had, but it was pretty good. Could have easily been better, I think. It was served with two tortillas, which really didn't seem like enough for an entire steak, plus roasted onions (yum) and more guac (still yum). We got the tres leches and coffee for dessert, which we split four ways because we aren't quite that gluttonous. It was quite good, one of the highlights. Next time I go, I plan on trying something with mole or the tres tacos appetizer (not sure why a meal is listed as an appetizer...)I definitely recommend this place. Not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but definitely better than most Mexican places.
5	The pollo trio de tacos is my all-time favorite taco. I wish I knew how this miracle was created. It tastes like the chicken is stewed in some magical blend of spices. Throw a little cilantro and onion on that over a corn tortilla, and i'm yours.This is a lovely place, and everything i've had there has been delicious. i can never stay away for too long.
3	It's not Taqueria Guadalajara, I'll tell ya that much. But it's better than a Doritos Locos at 2am and that says a lot coming from a guy who's a 2am Doritos Locos connosuier.
4	La Mestiza knows how to do dips and salsa right! I have never tasted anything like the tomatillo salsa that comes with the complimentary homemade tortilla chips. It only got better with the freshly made guacamole and the rich mole sauce on my enchiladas. The chicken was a little dry and it definitely needed the sauce.The margaritas were delicious and they don't mess around with a glass half full of ice. They are straight up with only 100% agave tequila. The music was very loud and a little distracting from our conversation. The waitress was very friendly and I'm sure would have turned it down had we asked. There is a lot more I would like to try on the menu, including the Cochinita Pibil (slow roasted pork wrapped in banana leaf), so I will definitely be back!
1	I'm all for quaint family owned and operated places because there is a lot of potential and undiscovered delicious dishes. This is not one of those places. They need to apply to be on Restaurant Impossible because they need an overhaul. Their decor makes no sense whatsoever and the food was horrible. Their chips and salsa was great but it's pretty hard to mess that up. What's up La Mestiza?
3	This place is nice. I mean the chips and salsa are out of this world, but you only get one basket and have to pay for another. In a world of endless chip baskets I felt like I was paying for water. Total first world problem here. The guac was also delicious. My meal was normal.
2	The food is hit or miss, the service is pretty much miss.The family decided to check this place out on a Friday evening based on a recommendation of my wife's co-worker.  The Rick Bayless Everyday Mexican cookbook holds an esteemed spot in the kitchen, so I'll admit I set the bar pretty high when evaluating this style of cuisine.We arrived at 5 pm and our server promptly took our drink order, but things started to slow down.  Despite having three servers working five tables, it took about 15 minutes to get our drinks and a small complimentary basket of chips.   Did I mention that the basket of chip was small?  Our party of four devoured them in three minutes, but no one came by to ask us if we wanted more.  (It should be noted that the first basket of chips was free, after that, you'll be charged $2 for a bottomless supply).  The chips were the star of the evening.  Hot, fresh with plenty of crunch.  I would make the trip to the west side just to get another fix.  The consistency of the salsa verde was a disappointment.  It was far too watery, making it difficult to get the right balance of salsa and chip.I also enjoyed the Quesadillas de Rajas y Queso we ordered as an appetizer.  The corn masa coating was cooked to perfection, but I would have preferred a Mexican cheese over the mozzarella used as the filling.  The roasted poblanos were excellent and a small serving of crema was a welcome addition to the dish.After a long wait (about 20 minutes) and only one refill of our basket of chips, we received the entrees.  I ordered one of the specials, a beef barbacoa based on the recommendation of the server.  The beef was tender, but a little under seasoned.  The dish was overpowered by a pile of raw onions that topped the beef.  I like onions, but these gave the dish a sulphery aftertaste.  The sides also were disappointing, the re-fried beans were overcooked and lacked texture, the Mexican rice was mushy and bland.  With the little more focus on the details, this could have been a great meal.The kids ordered cheese enchiladas and chicken enchiladas. The salsa verde lacked punch.  The tomatillos really needed to be roasted longer to give the green sauce more depth.  The chicken was well cooked but under seasoned and I was frustrated with the the use of mozzarella as the filling for the cheese enchiladas.  There are some great Mexican melting cheeses that could have vastly improved this dish.After another long wait, we finally received the bill which totaled $65 before tip for our group of four.  The meal cost was reasonable, but I can't really recommend La Mestiza given the below quality of the food and service I experienced.
4	The vegetarian options here are great. Try the enchiladas vegetarianos and wash it down with some horchata.
5	Best Mexican I've ever had - really. Try the Borrego en Chile Pasilla (lamb in a heavy pungent sauce with a kick) or the Cochinita Pibil (pork marinated in citrus with pickled onions - complex and layered).the rice and beans don't overwhelm the entrees. Atmosphere is typical Mexican colors of red and orange, but the original artwork sets it apart. I'll be here again within a week.
3	Service was good and prompt. Pickled onions on my meal were good. Side rice and beans on the bland side. Pork was dry. Now the good; tasty food. THE BEST tortilla chips and guacamole. Authentic Mexican food. Would come again.
4	While La Mestiza is perhaps the only Mexican place in town with an atmosphere worthy of date night or merely eating in, this life is such that it's just another takeout stop. Throw in a couple kids who don't like Mexican food and interrupt any attempt at date night anyway, and the result is that I never eat my tacos hot. Maybe that sounds dirty, but that's just you and the truth is this: La Mestiza's tacos are incredible, even after 15 minutes of transit time in the car. We always order the trio de tacos from the appetizer menu: one chicken, one asada, one al pastor.  The chicken is the stewed, pulled kind, marinated in a bath of delightful spices and cooked melt-in-your-mouth tender. The al pastor is grilled, quality cuts of pork, with a hint of tropical fruity flavor. The asada....just ok. Kinda tough and doesn't pick up the grilled flavor. The tortillas are good; hard to judge after the commuting time but they hold up well. The salsas also win -- fresh green tomatillo, spicy and sweet; red pepper, tangy and hot.Someday we'll sit down here and enjoy the service of the friendly staff while conversing over sangria and actual entrees, but for now La Mestiza will remain a regular on our terrific taco takeout tour.
4	Food was solid.  Had the cochinita pibil. It wasn't as good as some other favorites of mine, a little dry. Fantastic flan!  I've craved it since I had it the first time. It's huge though, so be sure to share with friends.
5	I had lunch at this little hidden gem and all I can say is WOW! Our server was delightful, helpful and did I mention delightful? And THEN there's the food! Everything that was ordered by our party of 4 was delicious, fresh, authentic, and left us wanting to come back again and again. The chips and salsa are the best I've ever had and I for one, cannot wait to go back there!
4	Food was great, drinks were just okay.I had the pork carnitas special. It is kind of funny seeing a staple of mexican cooking as a "special" only, but I'll make the positive assumption that they freshly roast enough piggy for a night, and are hence limited. It was quite tasty, and so was their salsa and guacamole (although the guac appetizer was kind so pricey). My biggest disappointment was in the happy hour margarita, it was vey much watered down. If I was there sooner than 3 minutes before happy hour ended, and could of put away a lot more I might have not minded.The decor is totally "hole in the wall", a la "cheap Chinese takeout" restaurant too.The food is what matters, and I'd go again.
3	My favorite part of this meal was the warm (flash fried?) tortilla chips with guacamole. Please order the guacamole to start off!! The salsa was also pretty tasty.Now to the tacos, I ordered my usual chicken, beef, pork, and they were decent. Tacos are served on lightly toasted corn tortillas with a spoonful of onion and cilantro tossed on - just how I like my tacos. None of the flavors in the tacos were that memorable and I ended up adding more hot sauce to spruce them up. Hot sauce isn't on the table, but they'll bring it out if asked. Isaac ordered the carnitas special, which had a bit more fatty sections than either one of us preferred.Atmosphere - small, cozy and clean. Service - quick and friendly, even with most of the tables filled.Cost - cheapOverall - I'd eat here again, but maybe try one of their specialties instead of the tacos.
5	This is our favorite Mexican place in Madison.  The food is very thoughtfully creative.  They also have a great happy hour with Margaritas, Sangria and tacos.  Would highly recommend it!
4	Best Mexican we have had in Madison. Love the salsa they make. Great place to go before seeing a movie. Service is great and they have some good deals during the week. Never had a bad experience there.
4	Best Mexican we have had on quite some time! The fish special is now one of my favorite meals. Don't let the strip mall location fool you; the food is phenomenal and I will definitely come back when we are in Madison again.
5	Best Mexican restaurant in Madison.  Although it is simple and in a strip mall, la mestiza prepares great, moderately priced traditional food that is closer to Rick bayless than tex mex.  both the green and brown mole are great.  I am enjoying enchiladas in a bean sauce as a special as I write this.  Bar minimal but the make a fine marg, too.
5	La Mestiza is one of the best places to eat authentic Mexican food. The staff is friendly and quick. Anthony the owner even catered for our wedding for a low price and the dishes he made were both American and Mexican foods. I couldn't see how anyone could rate this lower than 4 stars.
4	The food was great, the service was a little lacking.  We had the "special" which was a carnitas make your own taco special.  The taste was great.  The chips were tasty.  The guacamole was good.  The biggest complaint was the service - maybe just an off day.
3	I really liked the food but don't expect to see a burrito or chimichanga on the menu.It was also a little pricier than I'm used to for mexican but I still enjoyed it.
3	This place was enjoyable. I ordered the borego (lamb) my wife had the carnitas. It was tasty and I would recommend it the place as one of the better mexican places in town! Then grab desert nearby at the michoacana.
1	Food was OK but the waiter was a dick. I ordered the carnitas, to which he replied, "oh, the carrrrrrrnitas?" Yeah sorry douchebag I can't roll my R's. Is there a menu item called carnita that doesn't have a rolled R? If not then don't be a pretentious dick about it.
3	visiting from CA & my co workers and i were craving Mexican food. Food was good but service is terrible. It's a small place, I think I made eye contact with the server like 3 times. I understand they might have been busy but some acknowledgment would've helped. Aside from that, food was tasty but I don't think we'll be back.
4	What? A hole in the wall Mexican spot in the middle of a strip mall next to a competitive board game shop? Yes and thank you. I think you can really judge a mexican spot by the quality of their chips, and this place nails it. Chicken tacos are amazing as well. Reasonably priced, and pretty much impossible to beat in terms of Mexican dining in Madison. Loses one star for ambiance, which sort of feels like a Mexican themed diner.
5	Amazing food. Chips and salsa are home made and awesome. Would definitely recommend.
4	I've had this place bookmarked for almost a year before I finally decided to try it out. Glad I finally did because it is AWESOME. Its definitely a hidden gem. The starter of homemade chips and salsa is friggen delicious! I felt like I was in Mexico. Very friendly staff. The guac.....YUM. This is my new favorite!
4	Great guacamole & enchilada con mole! Surprisingly delicious given the strip mall location.  My food was served promptly.
5	Flavors are unique and wonderful. The Cochinita Pibil is a must!  Their dishes take classic Latin dishest, but give a whole new twist (like pickled onions). Prices and choices are not very kid friendly. But if you are looking for a new twist on "mexican" I highly recommend you give this place a try.
5	Hands-down my favorite place to get tacos in Madison. And, I'd swear I've already reviewed this place, but apparently I haven't... Hmm. Suffice it to say that I've swung through here at least 7-8 times since discovering it a few months ago.+ Happy hour. $2 Tecate, $5 for 3 street tacos. Runs until 6pm. Outstanding.+ Delicious house-made tortilla chips+ Tasty salsas+ The street tacos. OMG. Finally!!! Someone who knows how to season and sear asada. Everything about these tacos is perfect - fresh, steamed corn tortillas, mounds of delicious steak, mild white onion and fresh cilantro. Yes, yes, yes. + Service is always friendly and prompt+ Nice selection of traditional Mexican brews, all at fair prices
3	I keep coming back to this place because I have heard so many positive reviews; both from my friends as well as fellow Yelpers. This was my third visit.  I just don't think any of the food I've ever tried there was that delicious-none of it, except maybe my child's cheese quesadilla.I do however, appreciate the staff-the are super courteous, friendly, and seem like they really "want to be there."Great Margaritas-Great.  I wish more restaurants would use the age-old margarita formula of basic quality ingredients: FRESH lime juice, tequila, simple, orange liqueur=Boom!  Life's too short to ev-uh use a pre-mix.Summary: Go there for drinks and maybe chips n' salsa.
5	I tell you, I've been to so many Mexican Restaurants and La Mestiza tops them all. That is ALL I can say!!!
1	First time going here and the waiter was rude. We came in about 40 mins before they were closing.  Ordered a few appetizers.  And as we got our bill. He put it together without asking if it was together or separate.  I asked him to redue it so we can pay seperate. And while we walked out getting into our car he stopped me and asked why he got such a shabby tip. I was in such shock. So I asked him was what we tip not enough. He then stated that since I separated my bill I had to tip him as well. Even though we gave him a decent 10 percent tip on my friends card and I paid mine in cash with an extra 60 cents left on my bill so I told my friend to put the tip on her card. And when we asked who was the store manager he said he was. Again in shock I told him I run a business and never would I have lowered myself to stop a client getting into her car about a tip he think he should have gotten.  That was rude and not something a worker should do to a customer especially now knowing he claimed he was a manager. I will never go here again.
3	La Mestiza has a very strong grasp on the Fry-o-lator arts. Here is a shot of the -half- basket of fresh and hot tortilla chips they set down in front of you before ordering.You will have a devil of a hard time finding better tortilla chips in all of Madison. These are amazingly crispy, warm, flaky and just bursting with flavor. This -half- basket of chips are worthy of a visit to La Mestiza all by themselves! Why they only brought us a -half- basket, I will never know.For whatever reason they come with a total of 3 tablespoons of two different salsas (that's not much). A rather flavorless Tomatillo salsa and an absolutely fabulous smoked chili salsa which I really needed about 10x more of, which easily would have still fit into the tiny salsa bowl it was provided in. The tiny amount of salsa in each bowl was so little it made dipping chips into it almost a moot point.We got some Flautas de Pollo, or Chicken Flutes. It's pulled chicken which has been rolled in a corn tortilla and fried. Simply dressed in sour cream and a green salsa. The very simplicity of this dish is what makes it great.... plus fried! yum! All over a tasty appetizer more about the chicken later. I got the chicken enchilada's with mole sauce. This mole was an absolutely delight, A great mole sauce is not easy to make. It's a balancing act often using dozens of ingredients from pine nuts, pumpkin seeds, peanuts, plantains, to chocolate, cinnamon, garlic, onions, always with a host of peppers to form the backbone of the sauce. It's a little sweet, a little spicy, and chock full of a complex but balanced flavor. This one was excellent. Easily the finest in Madison.We also ordered the Chicken Enchilada's with Mole Verde. This was a very different sauce then the first mole, full of pumpkin seeds and fresh herbs. It was much more fresh and vital then the other mole, and not as rich. Absolutely tasty and well worth the visit.Both of the enchilada's were tasty and the sauces were filled with incredible flavors. However the chicken inside of them was rather bland and flavorless with the texture of chemically tenderized meat. As a blank canvas for the sauces it does well, but I can't help but think that La Mestiza is missing out on a fabulous dish by using it this way.The half measures for the chips and Salsa's at the beginning of the meal could have just been an oversight, but it doesn't give the most welcoming vibe to this, stuffed into a strip mall, restaurant with entree's in the $12-$15 range. The food is well worth the price, but the atmosphere leans towards the cheaper end.All over a delicious meal and well worth a stop.Check out all my reviews at theglobeonmyplate.blogspot.com
3	Because our server was so absolutely friendly and fantastic, I have to give this place 3 stars.  For food, however, I would give it a 2, and the only thing allowing me to go that high was my husband's Cochinita Pibil.  It was layered with flavors of sweet and savory and seemed very "Caribbean."  Delicious.  The green chili salsa and red salsa served with the "too" hard chips to start the meal were not good.  The green chile salsa tasted and appeared completely watered down...almost like tomatillos soaked in water...very thin and with no other flavors.  The red salsa was strictly one note...lacking that sweetness that should accompany anything "red."  We also ordered the guacamole which I think would have been good if they would have used salt and then thoroughly mixed it.  At one bite, the lime overpowered...the next bite the complete lack of lime left it boring.  The accompaniments to our dinner, refried pintos and rice, both lacked salt and seasoning.  At one point, I asked if they had any other red salsas, and the waiter brought us something quite divine.  Although it was "green," it tasted red, sweet and like ripe tomatoes....delicious.  I don't know why that wasn't served up right from the beginning.  I know this is a review based on few food choices, and I wouldn't normally do that, but we are just passing through, and I don't want other passersby to make our same mistakes.  I would look at the other reviews on Yelp and choose a menu item that is frequently reviewed and rated highly.
