4	With no yelp research to help me, I completely randomly found this place via their pamphlet at the concierge desk of our hotel.  They offered a $100 night flight over the strip (plus fuel charge, which came out to $10  extra) and somehow after spending $141 a ticket on La Reve, this seemed like a great value.  It was easy enough.  We just called them up, we booked, they gave us a time to be at their facility and a confirmation number.  The taxi there from the Bellagio cost all of $9 or so.  We checked in, they discreetly weighed us, they gave us all the free champagne we could handle and a flight safety card to look at, and then called our names to get in a chopper that seats four in back and three in front plus the pilot.We'd never been in a helicopter before, so we really had no idea what this would be like.  It turned out to be quite simple, easy, and wonderful.  The ride is plenty stable - pretty much like a small airplane - but a very very maneuverable one.  It takes off and descends quite steeply and turns quite sharply, but it is all  comfortable and to be honest impressive.   It felt like we were on rails but of course you look down and there is nothing underneath you.Our pilot was polite and friendly but didn't seem to burn with fire for describing the tacky tourist crap we were flying over.  He put on some reasonably cheesy music over the intercom.  And I swear, we only got through about two songs.  See, going up and down the Las Vegas strip takes 40 minutes in a taxi, but in a chopper it takes only about ten.  Don't get me wrong; the whole point is that you are in a motherf*cking helicopter flying over the Las Vegas strip!After we got back they had a pre-takeoff photo for sale for us as well as a video from our flight.  Mercifully they didn't push either one on us hard at all.  Not sure it's worth another $109 to do again, but for a first and only time experience absolutely!  Though it only lasted about ten minutes, this was surely the surprise highlight of our vacation.
4	Such a kick ass experience! I was surprised (as a bday present) with an after dark ride over the strip and it was phenomenal. The only reason for the 4 stars was that it was too short. 10 minutes is barely anything, taking you from the airport to downtown, turning around and going over the strip/freeway. Maybe two round trips, or a wider circle- something to make the experience last just a little bit longer. If you can afford it, go for it because I was grinning from ear to ear the whole ride
5	We decided to fly to the Grand Canyon instead of driving and I think this was the best decision we made on our vacation. We saw so much more in much less time. We were encouraged to try the "INDIAN TERRITORY" tour by our hotel's concierge as this was the tour that landed in the Canyon and had a stop at the The Grand Canyon Skywalk which were two things we really wanted to see. Be aware that the skywalk tickets are not included in the price of the flight and there are no cameras/cellphones allowed on the skywalk, because they want you to buy their pictures, they have photographers out there taking pictures of you, but they were very (unreasonably if you ask me) expensive.fyi: the food at the Guano Point stop was actually pretty good for an all you can eat buffet in the middle of the Grand Canyon, which was included in the price of the ticket. Our pilot was Ed and he was a solid pilot, respecting the fact that one person on board was afraid of heights and not doing so well, so he climbed and descended very gradually and did no sudden movements. He was also a very knowledgeable tour guide and a funny guy. We had a great tour and will remember this trip for the rest of our lives. Logistics: They picked us up at our hotel drove us to the airport and dropped us back at the hotel afterward, it was very convenient.This is a once in a lifetime experience, if you are debating doing it, I would say go for it, you won't regret it.
4	3.5 stars~This was my first helicopter ride ever.  I forgot the name of the tour, but it went over the Hoover Dam, then to the Grand Canyon for some champagne and snacks, and then back to Mavericks.  The helicopter ride itself was exciting, since the helicopter was all windows and you had a great view of the canyon and the Dam, but I wasn't WOW'ed.  Of course, it was amazing because they're all famous landmarks...but I don't think I would actually pay for it out of my pocket....unless maybe I won a lot of money in Vegas.
5	This was an amazing experience. A coworker from Spain recommended a helicopter tour of the Grand Canyon. I did some research on the different companies beforehand, and Maverick really stood out. I checked with the Encore's concierge, and Maverick is the company they use. So I figured I couldn't go wrong... and I was right!Maverick has a fleet of Eurocopter EC-130 air-conditioned helicopters with panoramic windows. Each chopper fits the pilot plus 7 passengers. Prior to boarding, they weight everyone and assign you a specific seat because of the weight distribution.We booked the Grand Canyon Sunset tour, which flew us out to the Grand Canyon. We landed in the canyon for about 30-45 minutes. The spot where they land is breathtaking, as you're not at the bottom of the canyon, and not at the top. You can see a river below you, and the top of the canyons above you.Then we flew over the canyon some more and stopped to refuel. We flew over the Hoover Dam on the way back, and by then the sun was setting. We flew over the strip twice and then landed back at the airport.It really was a unique and amazing experience, worth every penny. They're expensive but worth it. They also seem to be the biggest operator in Vegas. When we went out, we went in a group of about 6-7 helicopters, which was pretty neat.According to Wikipedia, Maverick is the largest civil operator of Eurostar EC-130 helicopters (they apparently have 25), all of which are very new. Some companies out there still have older helicopters which don't have nice views and which don't have air conditioning.Travel Channel has featured Maverick a few times, and they were also featured on Giada's weekend getaways.
5	AWESOME!! I took the Wind Dancer tour which goes over Lake Las Vegas, Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, Ring of Fire and then you land inside the Grand Canyon!They have other tours available.  It's a bit pricey, but when it comes to safety, you don't want to skimp.  Maverick has a perfect flying record, they even fly the president when he's in town.They will even pick you up at your hotel.Right across the street from the Welcome to Vegas sign.Be prepared to get weighed.  There's a 300 pound max before they charge double, yes that includes shoes clothes and purses.Tip the pilot!!!!HIGHLY recommended!!!!
2	I was so psyched to do the mega-tour package which would've taken me down to the south rim via plane and a helicopter view of the rim.  Unfortunately weather had another idea as snow came down and they had to cancel the trip.  The thing that gets me upset is that they could've called to let you know what happened before they make you wake up at 5AM and then take a bus ride all around Las Vegas to pick up other people....only to have a representative call each person up one-by-one to tell you your trip is cancelled. Then you have to wait for them to finish telling everyone and rescheduling people to have the shuttle bring you back to the hotel some 4 hours later.We ended up rescheduling to try again the next day due to the weather and chose to drive ourselves this time.  The flight time was suppose to be 8AM and they like everyone to arrive by 7:15AM.  Before we left the hotel, I gave them a call to double-check to see if the tour was cancelled or not.  They chose to tell us that the tour was still on and have everyone gather there once again.  Again, they cancelled and tried to reschedule people....again, they did it one person at a time.  This time, we didn't have to wait for everyone as we drove ourselves and we took off after being told it was cancelled....again.For such an expensive package and great reviews, I really expected the administrative/customer service to be a little better.  Rather than have people waste their time and sleep....it would be nice if they handled cancellations due to weather better.  There were multiple ways they could've saved time and streamlined the process even if they had to wait until the very last minute to cancel....and they didn't.There wasn't suppose to be snow at the time I booked the reservation, but next time (if there is one), I'd make sure there's nothing but sunny skies for two weeks...just to be sure.
5	As reviewer Andrea V. says "there are just some things you have to experience firsthand."  We live on the east coast and our trip to Las Vegas was a last minute change due to weather issues in New York.   My wife pointed out that we may not get to the Grand Canyon anytime soon, so let's take the heli tour!Yes it is expensive - but your money is better spent here than in the casinos.  The views were breathtaking and the pilot was knowledgeable.  I snapped dozens of photos - truly a day to remember.
4	Great service! We did the sunset ride over the Grand Canyon with them and from booking to billing and pickup to pre-flight to pilot, everything was done in a very friendly and warm way!The ride itself was unique and a memorable experience. We flew over the Valley of Fire, the Las Vegas Lake and then the Canyon itself, where we landed for a cute picnic of champagne and cheese-crackers and took in the magnitude and gorgeousness of the Canyon, before flying over the Hoover Dam and finally over the strip (both old and new). I recommend this helicopter company over the others that we researched for actually delivering on what they promised and making this trip once in a lifetime experience.
4	An amazing experience.  Flying over Vegas and then the Hoover Dam was spectacular but landing in the Canyon is something that we'll remember forever.  Took lots of pics but they won't do it justice.  Our pilot was great - a genuinely nice guy originally from South Africa.Only negatives would be the absolute witch who picked us up at our hotel (just a miserable person who yelled at another passenger for no good reason).  The people in the office weren't friendly either and for the big money you're shelling out for the experience, I don't expect royal treatment but you expect to be treated nicely.
2	I took my husband on this tour to the Grand Canyon for his birthday.  The view was ABSOLUTELY BREATHTAKING (only because we sat in the very front. )  Don't do it if they do not guarantee you the front seat, you won't be able to see that good in the back. I paid $682 and our flight was at 10 am.  I feel that the money that they charge was an absolute rip-off.  I felt like hansel & gretel getting baked in the oven by the witch !! Although the air conditioning was on, it still felt like you were getting cooked !! Even though we discussed our concerns about my husband's motion sickness during the helicopter ride, the Tickets & Tours representative at the Venetian hotel told us that the ride was absolutely smooth and literally NO turbulence. Guess what ??  HE LIED LIKE PINOCCHO !!!!!  He even told us we would land at the bottom of the Grand Canyon--that was an ABSOLUTE B.S. statement !! You land 1,000 below the rim.  So during the entire time at the Grand Canyon, my husband threw up the entire time.  On the way back, the turbulence was so bad  that we BOTH got sick !! It was so bad, I almost fainted in the bathroom from throwing up so much.  The other passengers helped me off of the floor.  Do you think any one of the staff or pilot --seeing how bad off we were- even checked on us ?? I then called to make a complaint, and I was very disappointed to see the folks at the Tickets & Tours and Maverick Helicopters point the fingers at each other and give me the run around !!!  Don't waste your money on this tour.  You will be sorry.
5	We took a Grand Canyon tour that included a fixed wing flight from Henderson. Everything was top notch from being picked up in a newer bus (with the same driver throughout the tour) to a newer twin prop to AZ and a very modern helicopter for the actual tour. Very nice equipment and people without "tours" of gift shops. These folks are pros.
4	good date! the fly over the strip is quick, but its a good way to get the blood pumping. if you can, sit in front next to the pilot! (unless you're on a date)
5	We took their Canyon Dream Air and Land Tour. The trip was highly organized, great time managment that we got back to the hotel before 3pm to plan for other activities.  The bus driver was very nice took us to some rare spots at South Rim for photos, the helicopter pilot let us take pics ourselve in front of the helicopter, tooNo pushy selling of their souvenir pics and other grand canyon stuff.Great trip to Canyon!
3	We took the night flight around Vegas, it was pretty neat except it lasted 7 minutes instead of the 15 it advertises. Also we got a pilot that was very rushed and kind of rude, I didn't really feel safe flying with him. Everything in the shop is pretty expensive, but that's Vegas. The view from the air is pretty cool, I'd do it again but if we went to the Grand Canyon I would have requested a different pilot.
4	Took the Dream Catcher Sunset Tour taking in the Valley of Fire, Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam and sunset over the strip.Pricey even with discount for mentioning Yelp on booking and champagne and snack was poor for amount paid. However pilot Sean was first class, knowledgeable and witty and the descent into Grand Canyon spectacular. Would have been nice to get back over the Strip a little later.Safety briefing and care taken by Sean first class.
5	This was a fantastic experience that I would highly recommend to anyone who wants a new perspective on the Grand Canyon and Hoover Damn. They offered complimentary round-trip shuttle service from our hotel on the strip and provided a very pleasant waiting area at the airport. The staff were friendly and courteous including our pilot who provided interesting information during our flight and answered any questions we had.
3	After a LONG weekend of debauchery on the strip in Vegas, I was feeling nauseous and had absolutely no desire to be flown up in the air in a helicopter. Feeling nauseous + motion sickness = no bueno. My girlfriends were not going to take my complaining and were relentless in forcing me to go on the tour with them... eventually I found myself climbing aboard the helicopter and ready to embark on the 15ish minute adventure. The tour of the strip was average, nothing to really Ooh and Awe about other than that you're in a helicopter. Our pilot was a funny guy but he didn't say much about what we were flying over or looking at. I had a great time mainly because I was with good company but it's one of those one-time kind of deal. It was pricey and I don't know how exciting it can be looking at the tops of buildings... I'd just go back home to San Francisco to do that.
5	This was a dream come true for me!  My partner suprised me with this tour for my birthday. The tour takes off at the airport and heads out across the state to the hoover dam and then on to the Grand Caynon where you land and have a light lunch.  The pilot was great and answered any questions.  The trip back from the Grand Canyon includes a breath taking cruise down the Las Vegas Strip.  All in all it is a 3 hour tour.  Do it, you won't be sorry!!!!
5	Honestly, a MUST SEE. The night view of all the lights on the strip was my favorite! lol, however, the pilot seemed to be about 12 years old, which caught us off guard. But we returned safe and sound, and had a ball! SO adventurous, and awesome, it was soooo amazing and worth it! A memory I'll never forget. :)
5	AWESOME feeling flying by helicopter! I've done the Vegas Strip night tour couple of times with friends, a few dates and once by myself. It has never disappointed in providing an adrenaline rush. The experience has always been exhilarating. The helicopter slashing through the air, making sharp turns then ascending and descending quickly wow. The Vegas skyline from a birds eye view is unreal. This is not your typical skyline you flying over like in LA or NY which are just work company edifices. Vegas casino buildings have a life of their own and are exciting to see from the air with all their flashing lights, different colors, shapes and sizes.No, you'll not hit the Stratosphere Tower so rest easy these pilots know what they're doing and are pretty cool.The night tour is not long about 10 minutes but it will be some of the best ten minutes you'll have in Vegas and perhaps in years. Believe me, this ride you won't forget.This kind of adventurous excursion is ideal for couples. Surprise her.Seriously, I can't think of a bad thing to say about this experience. Just do it!
5	We had an awesome time.  What a great trip and views. Entertaining trip with a great pilot. We had 5 passengers in the helicopter and there was a good amount of space in there.  There were 7 spots available and with two more people it might get a little tight and claustrophobic.  They offer a drop in the canyon floor and also a deeper run to the top.  beware however of the toll stop at skywalk... it's pretty expensive but still very cool.  It really bothers me that they don't allow camera's or phones and hide behind potential broken glass as the rationale.  The Guapo point is really a great outpost to hike around and take pictures.  HINT:  Don't get too close to the edge.
4	Trying not to get blinded by the spectacular views of the Grand Canyon, I will attempt to convey an unbiased opinion of Maverick.We started off our tour on the wrong foot.  After being picked up at our hotel in the wee hours of the morning and arriving at the Henderson airstrip, we were informed that the canyon winds were too strong for the tour.  Only after about 1.5 hours were we informed of this, which seemed to be quite a long time, considering that I had heard strong wind advisories that should have resulted in cancellations anyways.  They offered to book us on another (shorter and cheaper) tour to a different part of the canyon, but we ended up just rescheduling for the next day without issue.Finally, on the second attempt to take the Canyon Dream Air and Land Tour the winds had died down and we were well on our way.  You are assigned seats on the airplane before boarding, so while all seats have windows, some views are blocked by the engines (rows 3 and 4).  Our tour guide was friendly, funny, and in a word "awesome."  We had two other passengers who blatantly disregarded time and forced the tour guide to chase them down in order to take off on time.  He handled the situation with ease, with humor, and did not let it affect the rest of the tour.  (Note:  While comical in the end, do not ever hold up a tour group.  They will hate you)Things to note:- If you are taking a plane to get to the South Rim, the airstrip is in Henderson; outside of Vegas.  Depending on which hotel you're staying at, your ride could be upwards of 20 minutes, while they pick up other guests.- Prepare to wait over an hour at the airport.- Box lunches are turkey sandwiches, so plan ahead if you don't like turkey, or need a special meal.On the plus side, we were able to get the 10% Yelp discount and made it even that much more worth it.A very solid 4 stars for the great service.  I understand that weather can screw plans up, and Maverick did a decent job of figuring out alternatives.
5	Great helicopter ride. Awesome landing in the canyon for a picnic and champagne
4	Had a great trip from the strip to the grand canyon.  Every employee was friendly and professional.  Highly recommend the trip as you get spectacular views, and its fun to go in a helicopter.  My only issue was that the staff encouraged feeding wildlife at the bottom of the canyon :-/
5	Did a  night tour of Vegas and it was pretty cool. They have free drinks in the waiting area. Our pilot was nice and the view from above was amazing!
5	Wasn't sure what to expect but in the end it was a 100% positive experience.  The shuttle bus that picked us up was early. The driver was very courteous, friendly, and communicative (thanks Lee!). The experience at the "terminal" was equally as impressive. The staff were very organized and professional. The wait was minimal and we were served champagne while we waited. Then the tour itself was short but awesome! The pilot was also very professional and skilled. It was our first helicopter ride and we REALLY enjoyed it! Thanks to everyone at Maverick!
5	Whilst on a trip to Las Vegas, we decided to take a trip to the Grand Canyon. We used Maverick Helicopters and what a professional and courteous service. It was an Amazing flight from Las Vegas up the Grand Canyon. The pilot described all the areas as we flew over them, such as Lake Mead and the Hoover Dam. If you are going and to see the Grand Canyon, look no further.
5	This was a GREAT experience! I haven't felt THIS excited about something in a long time and was OVERWHELMED with happiness!!! The pilot was funny and the whole experience was awe inspiring! They start you off with a quick check-in process where they weigh you and give you a safety briefing card (which is good for a scrapbook later!). After your checked in, you sit on the comfy couches, with a complimentary glass of champagne before you fly! Once they call your name and put you in your flight group, you head out to your helicopter; the pilot was accommodating, friendly and knowledgable! The views from the sky were AMAZING! I will always carry this memory with me!Thank you Maverick!
5	You want to see something amazing?  For my sister's birthday, we decided to take a helicopter ride to the Grand Canyon + Skywalk (for $500+) and I'm glad we did.  It's one of the best experiences I've ever had.  The awesome aerial views of the Strip, Lake Mead, Lake Las Vegas, mountains, Hoover Dam, Colorado River and Grand Canyon.Our pilot, Jerone was funny and told us a lot about the places I just mentioned, including Meadview, AZ (retirement area).  He was also easy on the eyes. LOL.Another helicopter company, Sundance offers the same helicopter tour for about $300 but the reason we didn't pick them was because they had a terrible crash a few months ago and it was all over the news.  We went with Maverick and I'm still alive to type this review.We rode on an EC130.  It was a smooth ride, even better than an airplane.  It was so smooth,  I fell asleep on the ride back to Vegas.  They have barf bags just in case you need one.  Our pilot did say, the ride gets bumpy in February-March.For tourists, they do offer free shuttle pick-up from /drop-off to your hotel on the Strip.  They have a lounge so you can have a snack, relax, watch the safety video and read the safety card.  They weigh you with all your belongings.  I checked in on Yelp and got a free magnet set.  I also got a free souvenir photo on the Skywalk.  The whole trip lasted about 3.5 hours (40 to 50-minute ride from Vegas to Grand Canyon, 15-minute shuttle ride from Hualapai Nation airport to Skywalk, 40 minutes on the Skywalk/take pictures at Eagle Point and 40 to 50-minute ride back to Vegas).
5	By far the best thing you can do in Vegas.  The entire experience is unforgettable, our Pilot Sean was very comfortable and one of coolest people you will meet in LV. Do not miss a chance to do this. Been to Las Vegas 20 times and the tour was by far the  most fun we have ever had in the city. Thanks Again Maverick
2	My husband and I just got back from Vegas and we did the Western Journey Tour.  I'm gonna be honest and say that I don't think it was worth almost $500 each.  I was expecting a jaw dropping experience and certainly did not get that.  Now, don't get me wrong....the helicopter portion is amazing.  But that only takes up 1.5 hr of the tour that is advertised as 7 hrs.  Our pilot, Matt, was great.  Very nice, informative and knowledgeable.  All the stuff on land that is part of the tour I could've done without.  I wish the tour consisted of more of the helicopter ride.  1).  Eagle Point- The skywalk was cool but not worth the extra money.  They don't let you take any belongings onto the skywalk....so you cannot take your own camera, which was disappointing because there were fantastic views of the canyon from there and I wanted to take some pictures with my DSLR.  They have their own photographers that take as many pictures for you as you want, HOWEVER, you have to purchase them at a whopping $30 EACH or 4 for $107.  WOW, what a deal....NOT!  The Native American village was disappointing.  There were a few teepees around and a gift shop and that was it.  For such a tourist attraction as the skywalk, they didn't even have regular bathrooms but only port-a-potties, which as a woman, I absolutely hate using and refuse to go in one unless I'm about to pee in my pants.2).  Guano Point- This was where the pilot recommended we eat.  Lunch was included with our ticket.  I wasn't expecting anything fancy but the food we got was comparable to food that I would think would be served in a prison cafeteria.  Otherwise, the views were amazing there and you are able to hike up to the point and get some more great views.3).  Hualapai Ranch- Didn't even have time to go there.  We had to be back at the meeting point to take the helicopter back to the airport.  All in all, I think this particular tour is overpriced and not worth it.  I would recommend doing one of the other tours where they actually take you down into the canyon.  The total tour time wasn't even 7 hrs.  We were picked up at the hotel at 7:35a and didn't leave the airport until after 9:30am.  Then we got back around 2pm.  The tour didn't even last 5 hours and it's advertised for 7.  Lastly, the flight back was a waste too because he took basically the same way back so the views were the same.  I fell asleep on the way back.
5	Had a great time with Maverick Tours this morning.  Was my first time on a helicopter and the staff was great providing safety training before the flight.  Our pilot Joe led us on a smooth ride all the way to the Grand canyon and back.  He provided information during the flight to add to the enjoyment of seeing the sites from high above.  Once we landed in the Canyon we sipped champagne and had many photo ops.  Lots of room in the helicopter too.  Thank you to the great staff at Maverick for a once in a lifetime adventure!
5	It's what dreams are made of. So wonderful, Would love to forgo the stop in the canyon and continue flying to see more of the GC. Perfect in everyway. I am a Vegas resident, and have driven by for years. No way was I going. Our friends from the Caribbean arrived, wanted to experiance the trip and I caved. Scared like crazy, we went on Saturday afternoon. Oh how very wonderful. I will recommend over  and over and promise this trip to myself at least once a year. It's an escape, to beauty and wonder. As I said skip the stop and do the Valley of the Fire for that half hour. Would love to do Zion also. Wow. Keep up the good workOh and if anyone is lucky enough to have Rob as your pilot!!! You then have been truly blessed. I would rquest him. He knows his history and the area. Gave a great tour and his music put together for each leg of the trip. Above all esle......he was just a great guy and being and ex flight attendant for a major airline, I saw saftey first in anything he did!!!!! and that to all of us was the most important
5	We took the Dreamcatcher sunset tour, an absolutely astonishing tour of the Grand Canyon. The sunset colors were beautiful over the Grand Canyon. They were very well organized, the helicopter was clean, and was all around a mind-blowing once in a lifetime experience. Our pilot (Dillan) knew exactly what he was talking about, giving interesting facts about the Grand Canyon, and being able to answer our questions. Once we landed in the Grand Canyon, the view of the surrounding rocks were breath-taking. On the way back, we flew over Vegas at night, over the strip and Folsom Street, a view that cannot be described. Overall, this really was an amazing experience all around.
5	AWESOME!! We took the Wind Dancer tour which goes over Lake Las Vegas, Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, Ring of Fire and then you land inside the Grand Canyon!They have other tours available.  It's a bit pricey, but when it comes to safety, you don't want to skimp.  Maverick has a perfect flying record, they even fly the president when he's in town.They will even pick you up at your hotel.Right across the street from the Welcome to Vegas sign.Be prepared to get weighed.  There's a 300 pound max before they charge double, yes that includes shoes clothes and purses.Tip the pilot!!!!HIGHLY recommended!!!!
5	Is "thrilling" a too overused word. The scenery was breath-taking, awe-inspiring, humbling, moving.  I also took the Wind Dancer tour because I was pressed for time;  I was chaperoning my 81 year old mother , yet wanted to get out into the desert.  "In business since 1905 with safety awards all over the walls" is how I reassured her on the phone from their lobby.   The music and the pilot on the flight were pleasant and enhanced the experience for me.  The pilot said we could talk after we had reached cruising altitude. I was watching the DVD of the flight back home and realized that none of us had said a peep until we landed in the canyon.  The others, like me,  we were that awe struck.  I noticed the couple next to me were arms intertwined most of the way.  I wish we had had more time at the picnic site.  I think everyone must want to stay and stay.  Was wondering if the package would have been cheaper if I had booked on my own, rather than having Bally's service desk do it- efficient though they were.  Pricey, but not a splurge I regret.
3	With this type of thing, the difference between a 5-star and a 3-star rating is largely down to the pilot's character / attitude / personality. Sadly we got the raw end of the deal and ended up with a dry authoritarian. As soon as we got out to the tarmac of the airport, my party began taking out their cameras to snap pictures of eachother in front of the helicopter. Our pilot began his tirade at us then, shouting ABSOLUTELY NO PHOTOS and pointing to a security camera on the roof where apparently the FAA were monitoring for unusual activity. Once he had chastised us all and made my mother feel particularly embarrassed and uncomfortable, imagine our surprise when the official photographer (!!) stepped out and snapped us in front of the helicopter, complete with professional DSLR & Flash to boot. We can only assume the official photographer had received special FAA clearance :-) Aaaand, naturally, the photo was available for purchase for $29.99 at the end of the tour! Laughable really.The tour was cool but put me in a helicopter anywhere and I'll have a smile on my face. The length of the tour was timed exaaaactly with a recorded voiceover of the sights we were flying over. It really was amazing that as the last word on the recorded audio beaming through our headsets came through, we were landing. The pilot had no interest in speaking to us as the audiobook coming through our headsets was obviously sufficient.Yay vegas strip at night though. Amazing sights for sure. Really memorable in itself. But given the competition, I'd spend my $100 elsewhere next time. The whole thing was just way too choreographed.
5	This tour was incredible.  Our pilot Lathe was a really charming, funny and knowledgable.  We were really happy with the experience.  I would do it again and I felt really safe.  Maverick has the best aircraft and the BEST safety record.  Remember to tip your pilot!!
4	This is great experience if you have the finances to do it.  It's definitely a unique and memorable experience, but there are a lot of factors that go into making the experience wonderful.We went on the Wind Dancer Air and Landing tour.  Our pilot, my date and I, and two other couples packed into a helicopter and took off over Las Vegas, Hoover Dam, and the Grand Canyon.  Only two people can sit up front with the pilot at a time, the other two sit in back.  Make sure you sit in front for the FIRST half of the trip.  We got to sit up front and see the best view for the longest duration.  The other two couples switched off during the second half of the trip, so they only got to sit up front for 1/4 of the ride.Everyone wears a headset and you can hear what EVERYONE in the helicopter says. So just be aware of this.  This could be quite bothersome if you have Chatty Cathys on the ride who keep talking the entire time.  Our pilot was awesome and narrated the entire trip but also threw in his own personal remarks and sense of humor.  I can only imagine if we had a terrible pilot how horribly the trip could have gone.  We definitely got lucky in that aspect because out pilot was wonderful!We landed in the Grand Canyon, had a glass of champagne and "snacks" which ended up being sticky buns and pastries of the sort.  No thanks.On the way back, we stopped to fuel (this is when the other two couples exchanged who sat up front).We were allowed to take pictures the entire time.  They record the entire flight and audio and you can buy the footage afterwards if you want.On the way back, we fly down the strip, which is a wonderful experience.All in all, it was a really incredible experience.  Like I said, it really depends on your pilot and the other people on the ride how the experience goes, but it's definitely not something you get to do on a daily basis!
5	Loved it! I got the "wind dancer" tour booked through my hotel this and it was perfect. The snack stop at the bottom of the canyon was worth the price difference. 500$ a head is not cheap but so much worth it if you arent planning to be in Vegas more than a couple of times. Our pilot, Cody, was great too. We were a group of 4 and the helicopter fits 6. We had a chance to rotate so that everyone could sit in the front (2 seats). If you can, try to be in the front a the very beginning so that you get the best view from the dam and the entry into the Canyon. And sit on the left on the last leg to see the strip better. Go for it!
4	Very professional, organized, and nice staff.  Only wish the tour was longer for the money.
5	Really amazing all around. We did the sunset tour on a Sunday. Parking is easy, workers are friendly. They have a nice lounge area while you wait, not like sterile hangar type of thing like I've experienced before. We had Mark as our pilot (I forget his last name), super nice. Very professional but we finally got him joking a little at the end. The tour around Vegas was great and comfortable. I haven't done a helicopter tour in ten years but these seemed a lot more comfortable than I remember from a different company (in another city). The flight was smooth even though it was really windy, I honestly didn't think they were going to let us go up. I know some people might be sketchy about trying this if they've never been in a helicopter before but you're up in the air before you know it, there's nothing scary about it.I'd definitely recommend this. Might as well get a lifelong memory for your money in Vegas than wasting it on slots that you never win.
5	We took the night time strip flight as neither my wife nor I had ever flown in a helicopter before. Our pilot, "H" (a German former military pilot whose name escapes me) was awesome, entertaining, informative, and professional. The experience was well worth the price of $208 total for both of us ($99 special per person + fuel surcharge). We will definitely be back to take the larger, much longer Grand Canyon tour. Fly with Maverick and you will definitely be happy!
5	I took this flight when I was there two weeks ago.It was a lot of fun and we saw how large Las Vegas actually is.I liked the little ride when they speed over the runway, turn around and speed up into the air.The music by the way was great as well.If I have time, I will take the Grand Canyon tour next.
5	I took the Night Vegas Strip Tour with my boyfriend the last time we visited Vegas. The whole experience was amazing. Although pricey, it was so worth it. We were able to see how beautiful Vegas was at night. The night we went, there was a large group. Everyone was divided into smaller group, each with  its own helicopter and pilot. Before our flight, they served chilled champagne for everyone. When they called flight plan, it was us and two other couples. When it was time to actually get on, the pilot had to pick a couple to seat in the front with the best view of the tour. I was so happy when he called my name. :) The other couples were of course jealous. After putting on seat beats and headsets, the pilot pulled off the runway and ascended toward the night sky. It was a little such a rush. The pilot gave us a quick intro and turned up the pumping music and let us enjoy the amazing view. The flight was just fifteen minutes but it was magical. It was one of the most memoriable momment of our whole Vegas trip. We loved it so much. You never saw Vegas until you saw Vegas from the up in night sky.
5	What a cool experience! We were planning on making the drive to the Grand Canyon from Vegas; however we saved a lot of time and shared a unforgettable experience by going with Maverick!We choose the 8am Wind Dancer tour and were picked up promptly at 6:50am at our hotel (Encore). We made another hotel stop and were on our way. After check in, we were on our way! - don't buy water, they provide drinks when you land at the Canyon- see if you can sit in the front on the way to the Canyon otherwise you split the time sitting in the front on the way back- on the way towards the Canyon, the view on the left has more of a lake/water view while the view on the right is just desert =(- take pictures of the Hoover dam on the way to the Canyon because you don't fly over it on the way back.- tip your pilot!  - you can have the shuttle bus take you to another hotel on the way back if you don't need to return to your hotelOne of the best memories ever!
4	Amazing.. Simply amazing! We booked an Indian Territory tour with Maverick Helicopters and had a wonderful time. It's quite pricey yes at about $700 thereabouts but it's totally worth it.. Make sure you don't smashed the night before because they pick you up at 6 AM. Then they drive you to their base, get your paperwork sorted, assign you a pilot and you're off. I still remember the C-17 aircraft that was parked on the runway when we were taking off - so awesome!The helo flies you to the West Rim, where you land inside the Canyon and enjoy some morning tea and champagne. Tell you what.. Being inside the canyon is a strange feeling but in a good way strange..Along the way, you'll fly over the hoover dam, which is really impressive when you're looking at it from up top in a helicopter! Our pilot Tyler was really nice, extremely knowledgeable, flew the helo very smoothly and he played some great tunes as well. He picked the perfect song at the right moment - New Divide by Linkin Park when we flew over the Hoover Dam and the Autobots' Arrival to earth from Transformers when we were landing inside the Canyon... Loved it!The Indian Territory Tour also includes admission to the skywalk (you're not scared of heights are ya?!), which is a must-do. Then you get to go to Guano Point where you get to eat some traditional Hualapai dish for lunch. We had some sort of beef debris with mash and bread, which was not that bad actually. On the return leg, you'll fly over the strip then back to base... Flying over the houses on our way to the strip, the view is beautiful and I actually thought to myself: "Hmm.. Wouldn't mind living here!"I loved every minute of the tour. The guys at Maverick are awesome and they make sure you have a great time.I highly recommend it and kudos to Yelp!: I got a free magnet set when I checked in!
5	Took my two young adult kids to Vegas for their first trip there and wanted to find something unusual to make the experience special.  This trip was the perfect experience!  My son is prone to motion sickness and worried that he may not survive the trip with his dignity intact, but he had no problem whatsoever.  It is thrilling to sit in the front of the helicopter at lift off and see the ground move away.  The views are extraordinary and breathtaking.  We took the Wind Dancer Sunset trip, and shared the helicopter with four 20 something guys from Australia who were fun to travel with.  We had good weather, although the pilot mentioned weather conditions can change very quickly and he wasn't sure, at first, whether or not we'd make it to the canyon.  Fortunately the weather cooperated and we made it to our destination without any problems.  We hit a little bit of rain, and saw a rainbow off in the distance, as well as some lightening, but nothing that caused us problems.  We spent about 40 minutes in the canyon, which gave us plenty of time to enjoy the solitude and take in the sights and lots of pictures.  We sat in the back on the return flight. I recommend sitting in the back first, then switching to the front on the way back because you will get a much better view of The Strip at night from the front of the helicopter.  Our pilot was just ok when it came to banter.  He shared some information, but I found our Aussie's much more entertaining.  However, the pilot gets 5 stars for getting us home safe and sound!  This is a very professional organization, from the shuttle pick up to checking you in and then getting you on the helicopter.  It is all precisely coordinated.  But be prepared for them to try to up sell you on lots of picture packages and video.
5	If you are Las Vegas bound and want too see the Grand Canyon the best way to go is by Helicopter with my peeps Maverick Helicopters!!! Stamp by "MrVegasVip"
4	Okay, I am torn. There are  things  I liked, and things I didn't. First off, they have a very nice ,clean lobby. The Storage area is small for suitcases though. Also, it would've been nice if there was coffee or food in The lobby. The biggest thing that bugged me was that when we called in to make our reservation, I wish they would've told us they don't drive you to McCarran airport after.  Had to get a cab to take us.Now for the good... Although the price is EXPENSIVE, the tour was amazing. A really nice pilot, modern, clean copter, and the awe inspiring Grand Canyon ( Thanks, God!).  Would I go again? Not sure I could afford to! LOL. But if I DID go again, I'd probably go with this company again.
5	The customer service here was great! We signed up for the Silver Cloud tour, but , unfortunately, a thunderstorm was coming in right around the time we started. They didn't want us to be caught at the Canyon in the middle of thunderstorm, so we started the flight and got about 20 minutes out and then had to turn around. Despite the fact that the flight was abbreviated, we still got to see the Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, the Bowl of Fire and obviously the Strip.The pilot was great, he was polite and very knowledgeable, happy to answer any questions about the flight. The ride was smooth (smoother than an airplane in my opinion), though it was a bit scary (and cool looking) as the lightening was pretty close to the helicopter.The best part is that since we weren't able to get all of the way to the Canyon, they reimbursed the entire price of the flight. We didn't have to argue/fight to get the reimbursement, they just asked if we wanted to reschedule or get our money back. The next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely try it out again!
5	Made a reservation for the Skywalk Direct Tour the day before we (gf and I) wanted to go. We received the confirmation with a note that we were the first two passengers and there have to be at least 4 to show up. So I called them at approximately 10pm to make sure if it works or not. Sadly nobody else did a reservation, but the lady on the phone was very friendly and offered us a similar tour for the same price, but with helicopter instead of airplane - jackpot!We were picked up at 6.30am at the Bellagio's and driven to the airport. Then some Paperwork and finally in the helicopter. 2x approx 50min of flight and approx 3 hours of ground time.It was an amazing experience and fully recommendableSome things to consider:- Make sure you sit in the front row the way to the canyon! The way back is mostly over desert, and you see the hover dam only on the way to the canyon- You don't need to buy the Skywalk, the view from the other places is awesome, and it's free
5	Great time!  Great pilot!
4	No1DP is known for his surprises. After confirming that I was going to meet him in Vegas he planned at least one surprise for me and kept on teasing me incessantly about how he had this awesome surprise planned. He gave me one hint per day upon request and after a month of hint-giving and Yelp research I finally guessed it would be a helicopter ride. No1DP used this experience and learned never to hint/tease me about any future surprises because given enough hints I WILL figure it out.---There was a scheduled van pickup from Strip hotels to Maverick HQ. We were picked up by a man that kinda smelled and liked talking... quite a lot. He just kept on either ranting or repeating himself and No1DP and I considered paying him just to shut up. He did give one useful warning about an event that would allow me to make arrangements so I would get to the airport on time to go home.A Yelp check-in gets you a set of 6 magnets, which make really cute and sufficient souvenirs. Once inside they'll call your name to check you in and weigh you. Don't worry, they won't tell you your weight. This is to get the right weight dispersion for each of the helicopters. Once checked in they'll give you your bubbly in plastic cups. We waited in the lounge for about 10 minutes before the pilots will call the group names to be assigned to a specific helicopter.Helicopter for this tour was a ECO-Star Helicopter (EC-130). Helicopter seats seven plus driver. Helicopter was definitely built for tourism as the windows were BIG and if you can get the angle right on your camera you don't have a reflection of the helicopter on your photo. No1DP and I agreed that the best seats were front and center, knowing that he suggested that I sit in the front center seat while he sat in the back. I was able to take some great pics of Vegas at night, though it was difficult for some shots because you can't use flash while helicopter is in motion.Pilot was very nice, he shook each of our hands and answered questions. Unlike what it says on the site where you get a personalized narration, most of the narration was pre-recorded. The route he flew was from Maverick HQ to downtown Vegas and back through a loop. The only con was that the actual tour was between 15-20 minutes, which is a rather short time to be on the air. An airplane can do an entire taxi/takeoff procedure in the same amount of time. Minibuses were used to shuttle the groups back to the hotels. They don't have to drop you off at your original drop off, which is ideal if you made arrangements elsewhere. Minibuses were roomy and clean and they don't make you suffer through more unnecessary talking.I now can cross off "aerial tour of Vegas via helicopter" from the "life list" and I recommend others to do the same. As a person who's been to Vegas several times this was an excellent activity to keep Vegas still an interesting travel destination. Thank you No1DP for planning this for both of us.
4	If you want to do a Canyon tour at a decent price go with these people. They have a bunch of different options and they are all at reasonable prices. We did the night Vegas strip as it was only $119! The views were stunning. Its one thing to walk down the strip at night and another to see it in the air. Also checking out the Freemont Street was pretty amazing as well.All in all great tour! Def worth doing if in town!
1	Not worth the money at all! We took the vegas strip flight and were completely disappointed. There were four of us, one of which was our 7 year old daughter. Where do you think they sat us?? Of course in the back. She could not see any of the buildings in front of the helicopter because she was too short. I allowed her to sit near the window furthest from the pilot thinking that this might help a little, but we were disappointed yet again. The pilot flew out and the people sitting in front and directly behind him had the view of the strip. My daughter was able to see street lights and cars. On the return the pilot flew so that the same people had the best view. My daughter once again saw street lights and cars. Considering we paid the same amount of money for her to have a  decent view, I would've expected the pilot to try and make this happen. He did nothing. The business was not accommodating of any person with specific special needs.To top it all off, the head sets were not working. The few things that my daughter was excited about could not be shared. This ruined a huge mommy moment.   In addition to this, I spent most of the extremely short flight trying to read my daughter's face. Making sure she was not getting sick. So my view was of my beautiful daughter's face, but I could have watched her for free on the ground.Actual air time is not as advertised. The whole flight experience did not meet expectations, nor basic flight standards. When we returned I expressed our disappointment only to encounter a number of excuses. The reason the head set was not working was because it was not in my mouth when I was using it. Really???? Who would want this in their mouth after it has been used all days by a number of other people. The reason my daughter was in the back was because the helicopter had to be balanced. When the pilot says climb in and whoever sits on the end.....I don't think this is planned out seating. Very disappointing experience. I do not recommend it. If you do decide to go, fight to sit in front or just behind the pilot. If it is an absolute must, try to get vouchers. Don't pay for this. Not worth the money. I was offered my photo for free as an apology. 400.00 for a free photo. WOW!!!!Only given a star because I had to rate it.
5	We went on the Vegas Lights Tour and it was thrilling.  Everything was top notch, from the pick-up to the check-in to the flight.  The views were spectacular and the flight was really smooth.  It was much less scary than my husband and I anticipated since this was our first helicopter flight.  We can't wait to hop aboard again for a longer tour, maybe the Grand Canyon.
5	I took 2 rides with Maverick, Vegas Strip at night and the West Rim. The Pilots were outstanding! Maverick has the nicest/best helicopters. My family had a great experience with Maverick!
5	Excellent, organized, first-class service from pickup to drop off.  We highly recommend the Vegas Nights tour.  It's a great, serene way to see the nighttime beauty of The Strip from the air.
4	LOVED the helicopter tour - it's like flying in a comfy barcalounger. You don't even really notice you're taking off - one moment you're on the ground, next you're cruising down and over the runway. The ride feels a bit short - especially after the anticipation - but is really pretty excellent and gets you all the sights of the strip. Our pilot was great!Yes, FAA regulations mandate no photos on the tarmac (big whoop) - and please - don't be the idiot in the helicopter who regularly takes a flash photo despite being told repeatedly not to (I'm looking at you, woman seated next to me - don't make me elbow you again!). The view really, truly can't be beat.Warnings - you may not get to sit next to the person you book with - the pilot will divvy up where people sit based on weight. Your champagne is at the counter when you check in, and finish it before you go out the door. Lastly - we went on Friday, November 1st - which Maverick now concludes falls in the "off season" for Vegas. As such, we did not get a limo - they're doing a trial run where they pick you up in what is essentially a short bus. *Sad trombone* It's a trial basis, so they may bring back the limos year round - but we were sorta bummed about that.
5	Oh yeah, flying in a helicopter!  Another thing off of my bucket list!  And on there Cadillac of helicopters to boot!I have actually been lucky enough to go on several of Maverick's tours over the years.  I have even thrown up in one of their helicopters...I had to mark my territory and all!  If you ever get the chance, you have got to take a helicopter tour of the Grand Canyon!  Here's why Maverick is awesome:1.  The people that work there are so great.  Everyone I have ever dealt with either in person or over the phone has been super helpful and so very friendly.  Every time I have called, I have had a long list of questions.  Never once was I rushed off of the phone or treated like I was dumb due to my questions.  Everyone seems to really want you to have a great time and enjoy the whole experience.2. The helicopters are top notch!  Maverick flies the Eco-Star helicopters.  Many of the other companies use A-Star helicopters, which are good helicopters, but not as awesome as the Eco-Stars.  What can I say, I have been on a lot of helicopters around town!  The difference is that the Eco-Stars have more interior room, fly quieter, and are much smoother in the air, in my experience.  If you are going to spend the coinage, you might as well go with the best available!3. The tours are AWESOME!  I have done the Wind Dancer Grand Canyon tour several times.  This tours leaves from McCarran and flies to the West Rim of the Grand Canyon, where it lands at the bottom!  Yep, that's right, it lands at the bottom of the Grand Canyon!  Once you land at the bottom of the Canyon, you can wander around for a bit, have a small lunch/snacks, and just enjoy the beauty around you.  It is a very cool experience, to say the least.  While you are in the air, you actually fly over all sorts of cool things like Lake Mead, Hoover Dam, Valley of Fire, just to name a few of the sites.  Simply awesome!The Strip Night flight is really fun too.  It is a short flight up and down the Strip.  It is a neat vantage point to see the Strip from.  I know tourists do this a lot, but us locals need to do it at least once while you live here.4.  The pilots themselves.  The pilots I have flown with have all been great.  Once you get out of the immediate McCarran area, the pilots will point out all sorts of fun thing to see.  They give you a lot of information along the way about what you are seeing.  Everyone is wearing headsets, so you can ask questions along the way as well.  It is fun having an interactive experience.Maverick has a ton of different tours they offer.  I have personally done the Wind Dancer and the Night Strip flights with them.  I have loved them both, even when I got ridiculously air sick one time.  TMI? Sorry!  When I went, the Wind Dancer was about $500 per person.  It is higher than the other companies, but I think it was a better trip than I have had on other companies similar tours.  The night flight  is about $100 per person.  I know they have less expensive Grand Canyon flights if you go out in the early morning, like 7am early.  If you can swing it, you have got to do it one day.  Take a Maverick tour and you will thank me later!
5	We had a blast. It's a pretty awesome awesome see the strip. Our pilot, Chris, was awesome. The whole staff was great and the place was clean.
4	Had a great trip yesterday to The Hoover Dam and The Grand Canyon. Our pilot Collin was awesome. Perfect day and a perfect way to see both of these amazing places. Only reason not 5 stars is I think the price was a bit high.
5	If you are going to do something like this then this company is for you. Very safety conscious and my pilot was hot!!!! He let me sit in front with him but that's just by chance. There was plenty of room and you could see everything along the strip. Highly recommend. I would sit on the side of the pilot behind him as you get to see more.
5	Amazing! This was such an amazing experience! We had a bit of a mix up with the hotel and the shuttle that was picking us up. So we had to take a taxi but they reimbursed us for the ride and they were super nice about the whole situation. We only had a short wait and our pilot came to get us. He was such a sweetheart. He explained everything to is and made sure we knew what we were doing. The flight was so much fun and the strip was so pretty. Our pilot joked around with us and answered any questions we had. He took pictures of us in the helicopter whenever we asked him to. The time up in the air was pretty short but it was so much fun. I highly recommend this company and package to anyone. It wasn't super pricey at all. We took the night time Vegas tour. It was so worth the time and money!
5	If you're doing something as terrifying as letting a stranger take you up over the Las Vegas Strip in a helicopter, you'd better hope you have a smooth experience from start to finish-- and we did at Maverick. I highly recommend this, if you've never had the pleasure of hovering around Vegas at night, it's astonishing. But I need to talk about the only hiccup in our experience, and it's not a bad one, I just have to say it: I'm pretty sure you're expected to tip your pilot, and I just find that really weird. I understand that this is Vegas we're talking about, and I'm used to tipping a guy to hail us a cab, or pour our drinks-- but what's the appropriate tip for a PILOT? You figure, first and foremost, that this is a profession that's pretty well compensated, so why would they be looking for tips? But say I'm wrong, and these men & women absolutely deserve a tip-- what do you give them? Here's a tenner, thanks for not crashing us into the Strip? Seems cheap. $20? It's generous, sure, but I would still feel embarrassed to hand them such a small amount in exchange for the miraculous service of floating us safely through the air. $40? $50? Okay, now this is getting ridiculous. I personally can't tip that much after spending hundreds on the ride in the first place-- I didn't do THAT well at the casino!I hope that I can do some small amends by mentioning that our pilot, Jared Young, I believe was his name, is absolutely top quality. He was super cool and funny, put us right at ease, and was a total professional. I would highly recommend that if you're doing this trip that you fly with Jared. And tip him.
4	My boyfriend and I went on the tour from the Las Vegas strip to the Grand Canyon. He has been on a helicopter tour before, but this was a first for me. We had an amazing time. There were a total of three couples on our tour, and the pilot rotated us so each couple could sit in the front of the helicopter for a portion of the trip. He was very knowledgable, answering all of my boyfriends questions. We felt safe the entire time and it was quite an enjoyable experience. At the Grand Canyon, our pilot transformed into a waiter, serving us champagne, snacks, water and soda. It was a bit expensive and then a tip is expected, but I imagine fuel costs are high as well. It is a great way to see the Grand Canyon, the Las Vegas strip, and experience a new way of flying.
5	This was such a treat! We flew over to Grand Canyon on a helicopter tour with our pilot, Kevin. Kevin was courteous, precessional,and a smooth driver. It was a pleasant flight. The views of Grand Canyon were absolutely beautiful. We took the sunset tour and the changing colors of the landscape were gorgeous. Maverick Tours Co.were very organized and professional about handling our reservation. I highly recommend this experience.
5	I had been wanting to take a helicopter trip from Vegas to the Grand Canyon for years. Finally decided to do, and it was one of the best decisions ever. Waited till I got to Vegas to make the reservations. Did it online and requested a trip the next day. Received my reservation confirmation within a hour. They picked us up at the hotel right on time and took us to their headquarters. The place is amazingly organized and has this down to a science. The pilots all seemed to be great and very friendly. We took the trip to the SkyWalk, which includes seeing the Grand Canyon, VIP enterence into the SkyWalk and getting to fly over the strip on the way back. It was absolutely amazing. No other words to describe it. I do get get motion sickness, so I was a little worried. I took a dramamine and on a scale of 100, had about 5% motion sickness. After the first few minutes, I was in such Ah, that I didn't have time to worry about getting sick.  The trip is a little expensive, but well worth every penny. If your on a budget, I would say it is worth dipping into the savings account, or making that credit card charge you really don't want to do. You will not regret it. If money is no concern, then you shouldn't have a excuse not to check it out. Can't wait till my next trip, I'll do a different tour.
5	My experience was awesome. We took spirit tour over the Grand Canyon. Our pilot was friendly and communicative. Trip started on time, and that was important since we got lot of plans. I would say I'm giving 5 stars because I got impressed by this tour, also fortunately I got the best view in helicopter, I'm not sure what people who was sitting on the back would say. But I was lucky. Compare to papillon exactly this trip was more expensive with maverick , but papillon will charge you extra $50 if you sitting in the front. That's fair but there is no any guarantee you will get that seat. And I would suggest for those who will go see Grand Canyon first time - take helicopter first, then visit. Also don't watch videos on YouTube! This way you won't get surprised enough
5	This was a GREAT ride down the Strip at night. Really professional, super polite, clean, & A+ operation. I highly recommend this if you are in Vegas.
5	The tour of the Las Vegas strip was simply amazing!  The views of the city, the resorts, the downtown area was absolutely breathtaking.  Maverick helicopters by far the best attraction in town for visitors and locals to enjoy.  If you don't take a helicopter ride with Maverick and see the city you're missing all the sights!  Maverick helicopters by far, the city's  best value and lot a fun, overall fantastic experience!
5	This is one of those Bucket List experiences everyone should enjoy.  My wife and I did the Sunset Grand Canyon Landing for out anniversary and it was amazing.  I am a commercial pilot, so was keeping an eyeball on our pilot and he did a great job, and even though I knew the area pretty well, he had lots of info that he narrated during the flight that I didn't know.Downsides:  The shuttle service sucks.  If you want to save some frustration, take a cab.  Our pickup time was 4pm and the flight doesn't take off until 5:30pm.  We should have just taken a cab to the airport at 5:15 and saved over an hour of sitting in a shuttle while the driver tried to find other guests who weren't at their pickup location.  The tour company should be calling people to remind them and make sure they are at the right location for pick up.No restrooms.  Pee like the wind before you take off because on the tour we took, it is 45 minutes to landing in the canyon, 45 minutes on the ground and 45 minutes back to the airport.  If you have a weak bladder, good luck.  There should at least be a porta potty at the landing site.  Speaking of, 45 minutes at the landing site is too long.  It is gorgeous and you want to take photos, but a half hour would be plenty.The experience itself is once in a lifetime and I wouldn't miss it for anything.  Pay the extra money and land in the canyon.  A place you could never experience but by helicopter.  And pick Maverick over the other Helo tour companies, their pilots are required to have more flight time to get hired and remember, you get what you pay for.  Overall, fantastic.
4	During a recent trip to Las Vegas, I discovered I don't know everything about my husband. Given the context that could be really bad...but it was actually just the fact that he'd never been in a helicopter before! So, looked up and booked I did. There are a few companies in Vegas that do Strip tours, but Maverick was the only one that had a time slot open during the time slot I wanted (11pm) on such short notice. They use a shuttle service, which means you get picked up about an hour before your tour and have to make several stops at other hotels to pick up other folks...which really sucks up about an extra two hours of your night, hence a 4 star rating in lieu of 5. [There is another company that, for about the same price per person, picks you up - your party -  in a limo and takes you directly to and from your hotel while sipping champagne during the drive - to be fair to Maverick I'll let you find it-please don't ask me].  Other than the shuttle everything else was great! Huge crowd of people in waiting room; however, we were walked out to our chopper after about a 10 minute wait and a cheesy champagne toast out of a plastic cup. I've been in choppers a few times before (for travel and tours), but I've never been in the larger 8-seater ECO-Star. Quite impressive. Our pilot was great - wish I could remember his name for referral. So, off we went. Unlike my previous times in a chopper, ascending was very different. Instead of going straight up and experiencing that weird sensation that comes with it (was kind of sad my husband didn't get to feel it) the pilot took us about 3 feet off the ground and "taxied" the runaway for about a half mile and then up, up away!While the trip only lasts about 20 minutes, the views of the Strip and all the famous landmarks are fantastic! The beam of light from the Luxor, the Belaggio Fountains, the new High Roller, the Stratosphere...and so on. Great photo opps! I got really lucky (which never happens to me, especially in Vegas) and ended up landing the back seat on the left that I recall some other reviewer saying was the best "photo spot." Really, super cool! Money well spent!Next time we are going to do a daytime trip over the Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon (hubby has not seen those 2 sites - who is this guy of 8+ years? - haha) and actually ground and have a picnic before heading back to Sin City. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	The Wind Dancer tour was an incredible experience that allowed us to see all of Las Vegas and the Grand Canyon.  Our pilot, Jared, was more than we could ask for.  Incredibly nice and funny and provided wonderful facts throughout the experience.  He did a great job of making everyone feel comfortable with the tour.  He was also more than patient when taking pictures of all of us.  Great photographer too ;)
4	My partner's family gifted us a 'Vegas Nights' tour for our birthdays this year and I have to say... wow! Simply an amazing experience to fly over the strip at night in a helicopter and see Vegas in all its neon glory!From the easy pick up direct from our hotel door, the free champagne upon arrival, the hilarious pilot and then the flight itself I highly recommend Maverick Helicopters in all regards. Definitely a must try while you're in Vegas.
5	It was a nice smooth flight to the Grand Canyon. Our pilot was very nice. Make sure you tell them you want the video of your flight before you take off! They don't save them. We listened to the announcement they made before the flight and thought they would hold it until the end of the day. We did this tour along with the River raft package and by the time we got back they had deleted them! But, we took some amazing shots on our own. It was still a great experience.
5	This is surely one of the best experiences you can ever participate in.  Our pilot was Matt, who was a fantastic and wonderful pilot and tour guide. I traveled by myself initially with no friends or family but the other passengers on board the helicopter were a group of tourists from Italy.  From the pickup at the hotel, to the drive back to the hotel- everything, and I mean everything was taken care of.  I paid for the Grand Canyon Sky Walk Odyssey experience and it was the best money ever spent.  I saw everything- from Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, the Grand Canyon, and we even took a flight over the Vegas Strip.  Matt knew the terrain in and out and to see what others don't see was really special.    Some bits of the ride were a bit bumpy from time to time but that's expected, I guess with 100K+ flying miles under my belt, a bump here or there isn't bad.  And although the helicopter isn't roomy by any means, there's still more room on the helicopter then there is on Japan Airlines coach class seats- I am 5 11, 255 pounds so there's context. The only odd thing is that the Sky Walk experience is a bit rushed, so just prepare yourself.Although I was 'alone', I really wasn't.  Matt made me feel comfortable, and kept up the conversation.  Even the gentleman who drove us from the airport in the Grand Canyon to the Sky Walk via bus kept talking to me and made me feel- not alone.  Trust me, yes this experience is expensive but- it's worth it.
5	Fantastic experience and one definitely worth making the most of whilst in Vegas. We went with our pilot Seth (who was excellent) across the Hoover dam, over lake mead and down into the Grand Canyon itself. Short 30 minute stop for basic (but rather tasty!) nibbles and champagne (and plenty of water, soda available too) and then off again via the fuel stop back to maverick hq. Generally a smooth flight however a few more bumps than I might have expected! Did seat swaps after the stops.....personally I was happier in the second row by a window. Sitting up front was just a bit too close to comfort for me. I felt like I was about to touch the tops of the hills we were flying over! You are apparently about 2000 feet up...it felt very close to the ground to me!Understand why others have commented on the pick up however that was a minor blip on a perfect day. Sit back and relax and get some great photos as you drive around the strip area. On the tipping dilemma....see review by Patrick below. He puts the situation perfectly. I didn't tip but only as I would have been embarrassed with such a paltry amount on such an expensive (but well worth it) trip! I do hope those pilots are well paid and not dependent on our tips.....they deserve to be!
5	Took the family out for one last summer trip and thought to start the weekend out with the Vegas Nights tour. I had been looking at different sites and after much researching Vegas.com seemed reasonable and was decently priced. Definitely book ahead of time, I booked with Vegas.com Tuesday for a Friday night flight and there weren't many left in all of town. Also, the tour was Maverick, which I don't think it says on the booking page.The car was to pick us up at the hotel at 7:40, we walked down at 7:30 and the car was already there! We arrived at the airport where we were offered champagne and waited while everyone arrived. The waiting area is nice and staff is friendly. We were given a piece of paper and told to read the rules....don't walk to the back of copter, don't open door, don't unbuckle your seat belt and put your phone on airplane mode. Oh, they weigh you and all of your belongings! No taking off shoes, they want to know exactly the weight. ok, seems reasonable. We waited about 20 minutes and just as my nerves couldn't take anymore, our pilot called our family of 4 and one single rider to board! The company took the opportunity to snap a picture of our groups before boarding to sell to us when we arrived back at the airport (yay)Our pilot gave us a little tour of the helicopter, told us how to use the seat belt and put the headphones on (so excited!)Then we boarded! There are 3 seats (plus pilot) in front and 3 in back...We were given the front 3, since husband rode once before I sat in front with our 2 sons and husband got the back row. Single rider was in the far left seat behind pilot (its def the best view in the back).Once we boarded there was a few minutes that all the helicopters were taking off and we kind of hovered, so it actually calmed my nerves (that and the champagne). We took off slowly and after a few turns we were up! I read others complaints about only seeing strip on left side....oh, but you can see EVERYTHING we saw people's pools lit up, the skyline, there is so much to take in and enjoy the beauty of the night-line. It was just like nothing else. So free.12 minutes definitely seemed like more than enough our first trip when booking but we could have stayed up there forever. We returned to the airport and like that, the pilot perfectly lowered us onto a little circle parking space and it was over. We walked in to purchase our picture and right out to the car that took us back to the hotel. and like that, it became an amazing family memory. I highly recommend.
5	From the time we arrived to the front desk to check in all the way to the end saying good bye to the photographer we enjoyed every minute of our tour. We started with a brief orientation and we jumped right in to buckle up. The flight was amazing we did fly over the Hoover Dam and we passed the Skywalk area and landed on a great spot to hang out for about 45 min. Our pilot Duane was very kind and entertaining throughout the tour. We enjoyed the champagne and the snacks he gave us like a picnic. It was unforgettable and breathtaking experience! Thank you!
5	I stayed with a group of friends in Vegas and decided to do a trip to the Grand Canyon. After checking out all the options we decided to book with Maverick.The tour included a flight by plane to Grand Canyon airport, a helicopter tour over the canyon, lunch and you get free time to do a short hike and take pictures at the viewing points. Everybody was very friendly and helpful. One of my friends was terrified of flying the small plane and helicopter but the maverick pilotes did everything they could to make her feel safe. Organisation was very good and would definitely recommend to book with Maverick!
3	I would have given this place 4 stars, but for their non existent rules. Make sure you (and your fellow passengers) how occupying the front seats work (or in other words how basic human decency works). They make a couple of stops, encouraging people to switch to the front seats, which have a somewhat better view, from the back ones, but the way this happens is essentially the ones who run up to the front seats get them. Any negotiation with the pilot ends up with a 'duh.... Sorry. They just sat there'.Maybe not Maverick's fault. Some tourists are assholes. But rules would help. And pilots who enforce them.
5	This is a bucket-list experience! Great pilot, new equipment, amazing flight-path. Truly awesome and totally worth it!!!!
5	To say that this was an incredible experience is an understatement! I have never been in a helicopter or to the Grand Canyon so this excursion was something I will remember for a lifetime. This company runs a safe operation with strict policies and regulations that make you feel you are in great hands. Our pilot was obviously very experienced and did a fabulous job not only of flying but keeping us informed of what all we were seeing while up in the air. Flying into the Grand Canyon is not something I can even put into worlds!!! Breath-taking!!!
