3	Zink is the new M5.Thought I would pop in for a little bloody mary on a beautiful October day and check out the new location of Zink. Their lunch menu offered a Five and Dime special, 5 entrees to choose from for $10.Choose one of five entrees for $10served with caesar or wedge salad-Smoked Tortilla Soup & Chicken Panini-Roasted Tomato Bisque & BLT-Angus Mushroom Burger & Onion Rings-Curry Chicken Salad Pita & Spicy Feta-Wild Mushroom & Goat Cheese PizzaI thought that was interesting and I asked my server what he liked on the menu and he liked the idea of a small salad and a choice of entree. So I decided with the BLT & tomato soup. Service was good, the food is top quality, but the reason for only three stars is because they served refrigerator cold tomatoes on a BLT. Really? A restaurant with chefs has tomatoes in the fridge?  They should be ashamed of themselves.Great patio! It might be one of the best patios in CLT.
5	Zink, formerly located Uptown, is now conveniently located within walking distance to my house.  This is a good thing.  A very good thing.  M5 was most recently in this space and, although I did stop in for appetizers and drinks, I never felt that I was cool enough to eat there.Zink has a completely different vibe.  My husband and I popped in for something light to eat and decided to sit outside on the fabulous patio.  Strangely enough, there are great heaters by the outdoor couches, but no heaters by the dining tables.  Alas, I braved the slight chill in the air and enjoyed a great glass of wine and some delicious food.  Our server was friendly and informative.  We told him that we were thinking appetizers and asked him for his recommendations.  After he gave us some time to look at the menu, we asked him about splitting a salad and the Wagyu burger - he wholeheartedly supported our decision and said it would be very easy for him to split that for us.  Thumbs up for the great attitude - we did not feel like we were inconveniencing him at all and we even chatted about the grass fed beef and the fact that this beef comes from Georgia (yay for buying pretty local!!).  Our spinach salad, wagyu burger, crispy fries, and amazing jicama slaw were absolutely spot on.  I was thankful we decided to share because there would have been way too much food for one person.  After we finished eating dinner, we stayed on the patio enjoying our wine and we were greeted by the proprietor - such a nice guy!  We chatted about the new location, items on the menu that they kept from M5 and he seemed genuinely interested in our experience and thoughts on the transition from M5 to Zink.  I can't wait to go back - the menu has a lot of options and tastes to suit many moods.  Did I mention that I can walk here?
4	Updated 9/2012 Still a great place to eat in the Southpark area. Sunday evenings they seem to run an all you can eat special. I have tried their pasta all you can eat and their Bar B Q all you can eat. Both were excellent but I think I have aged out of the all you can eat category of diner. If you liked M5 you will also like Zink. The bar is upscale and a nice place to have a drink and conversation with your someone special. For my money the best dish for lunch is not on the menu, try their moules & frites, ask and they will serve it. The only off note was their fries were flavored (the old Zink downtown served real fries, just salted no added seasoning). Upscale decor, good service and value for your money. Tried their five & dime lunch today (11/2010) and all I can say is why would anyone eat fast cheap food when for $10 bucks you can get a selected sandwich, salad and cup of soup that is delicious and served in a gracious room by attentive waitstaff. Oh well there is no accounting for taste. MMM that BLT was great. Also try their Zink's ice tea lemonade combo; it is one refreshing drink (non-alcoholic).Ask for their frequent eater card; after you get it stamped 6 or 7 times you earn a free lunch.
4	I ate here tonight with my boyfriend, his parents, his sister and her fiance. It was great for our group. The restaurant was in a nice location and the atmosphere/design of the interior was very interesting/hip/contemporary. Upon looking at the Menu I got extremely excited because I very rarely want to try EVERYTHING. I ended up sharing the Homemade Blue Cheese potato chips, and the Peanut Chicken Lettuce Wraps with the rest of the table as an appetizer. My boyfriend and I couldn't decide between a flatbread pizza or the "taco bar". Okay - so here is the only reason this restaurant is getting 4 and not 5 stars!.... Wouldn't you think "Taco Bar" with the description of having Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Guacamole, Chipotle Aioli sauce, your choice of meat, and  cilantro be a put it together yourself kind of meal?? Nope, the tacos came out, already filled with the ingredients, and there were only two. Thank god we decided to share the pizza and tacos. The portions were not super large. We each ate one taco and about 2 slices of pizza. Both were delicious though. The bread/olive oil they serve before you order is cheesy and tasty. 5 Star beer menu! Couldn't have chosen better beers myself.Dessert: Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cupcake. Yes!
4	I was disappointed to learn that M5 had closed, as I was a huge fan of the atmosphere and quality of food.  I had heard not-so-good things of the former downtown (uptown?) location of Zink, so this gave me very little to look forward to...But what to my wondering eyes should appear?  The "new" Zink is comparable to my dearest M5!  I would be back in a dash.The food: Split calamari with peperoncini, and what appeared to be a GRILLED lemon. Genius.Split  Nise's Baby Greens Salad with pistachios.  Simple yet fabulous.Split Duck Sausage flat bread pizza- you had me at duck sausage.They call it American Kitchen, I call it DELICIOUS!Only complaint is that the flatbread was very chewy!  A work out for your jaws!
3	I love that Zink offers a "late lunch" from 2 - 5pm (seems like I often try to get a meal in that timeframe and everything is closed). The downside may be the staff turnover taking place at that time. I was mostly taken care of by the hostess before she tracked down a server. Soup of the day was tasty and quick, but then they made the wrong size flatbread for me and I guess this only came to light when the order came up to serve. Rather than offering me the timesaving option of accepting the smaller-sized order that had been prepared, they just started the order again without letting me know what was going on... until I finally asked what was up (I suspect the extra wait time makes more of an impression when you're dining alone). The flatbread itself was okay, a little dry... after a couple of bites I opted to take it home so I could doctor it up a bit. It wasn't inedible, I just knew it could be a lot better. My soup, beverage and flatbread plus tip came to around $30, which was not exactly a lunch-like price - but again, by the time I was served my entree it was nearly the dinner hour! But all in all, I give the food, staff, atmosphere and experience a solid 3 stars, and maybe I'll try it again with my hubby during more regular hours.
5	I cannot begin to express what a wonderful experience we had at Zink tonight. It was the first time we've ever been there and definitely will be returning. Our food was excellent (We both got the filet) and the wine and dessert (Mississippi mud pie) were yummy. Our waiter Dustin was terrific, always making sure we were satisfied. Definitely made for a great date night with my husband.
4	Want some entertainment? Sit at the kitchen bar where you can watch all the meals be prepared in front of your eyes.What a fantastic experience! The sights, the smells, the tastes... and the wait staff was very attentive and knowledgeable about their dishes as well as their beer list.Impressed with delicious food:Calamari was FANTASTIC. Homemade potato chips? Beautiful to look at and a taste explosion for you tastebuds. Lobster mac'n'cheese? You kiddin me? WOW.Got the winter special braised pork with DELICIOUS sweet potatoes and apple chutney. Completely wowed.Great for groups (call ahead and make a reservation!), excellent bartenders and servers. Also very cozy tables for a date, with a fireplace (or two) and candlelight.
3	Dip trio and house made pita is absolutely wonderful. Skip the tzatziki and get the spicy feta and hummus. Mahi Mahi tacos aren't bad but lack a bit of flavor and the fish isn't very fresh. The Local Pear Cobbler is 5 stars!
5	Great place. Bartenders are laid back but still professional. Def a place I will come to again and again. Nice bottle beer list. $3 bottle beer on tues and half price wine on wed. Can't complain with that. If your at the bar make sure Manny is taking care of you. It'll make your night that much more enjoyable
4	I love a wedge salad...in my opinion it is the best thing you can do to a head of lettuce!!!Zink serves theirs with a tomato jam concoction....that is out of this world! Seriously, I could eat this with a spoon!Their wagyu burger is beyond incredible, and I would put it up there for best burger in Charlotte.The meat is cooked to order, so you can have medium if you want...and served on a beautiful potato roll.I've not had room for desset yet...but next time lovey hubby and I may share a burger so we can try that also!!!
3	I've been here twice and the main draw for me is the awesome outdoor patio.  My first trip my friend and I shared the dip trio.  I found the hummus to be bland, the tzatziki was pretty good but the spicy feta was the standout.  The warm pita bread was amazing.  On my second trip my business associate and I shared the calamari which was overly cooked, beyond chewy and basically devoid of flavor.  We also shared the  fig and prosciutto flat bread which was really good and was topped with arugula and shaved parmesan....although interestingly enough the menu description said Fig, prosiutto, arugula and blue cheese. I'll definately come back for the patio and to try some of the other menu items.
1	Well I ended up here last night only because there was a 2 hour wait @ Cowfish.  Two hour wait on a Tuesday night.  WOW !!  Well ,sat at the bar at Zink which was not crowded.  The bartended approached us pretty quickly but after that it went down hill.  Sat there with empty glasses a couple of times and just luckily caught the bartenders eye to wave him down to our end of the bar.  He seemed more interested in working the service bar.  So we started out with crab cakes and lettuce wraps. Crab cakes were terrible.  Had no taste what so ever.  The frozen ones I bought at BJ's were definately better.  The chicken wraps had some flavor but still nothing exciting.  My friend got the scallops which he said were good and I got the Miso Cod with peaches and fried rice.  Peaches were disgusting. Tasted like canned peaches that had been soaking for several hours in some marinade. The fish was okay I guess, but it was just cod.  Like I said, I think the main reason Zink might continue to exist is only because of people not wanting to wait hours to eat at Cowfish.
5	It was time for something a tad different!  My bride and I decided to try the Cooking 101 at Zink today.  If you haven't been to one of these, you absolutely need to check it out!  Not only will we be signing up for these down the road, but we'll be checking back into Zinc very soon.Today's menu was the Florida Keys.  Not only were the chefs excellent with the demonstrations, the food was phenomenal.  The wine pairing was perfect.. and it was 4 courses and 4 wines for only $35/person.  Absolutely incredible.  We will be returning and will be bringing a table full of friends.
4	Why hello Zink and your big, big doors! I used to frequent the Zink Uptown location for a stacked brunch and was looking forward to checking out their new-ish location in SouthPark for an equally tasty meal. Inside, Zink hasn't changed much since M5 (still modern, clean and dark) but the menu has. It's a combo of American comfort food and modern twists on the classics. For brunch, their bloody mary menu is incredibly impressive - with creative mixes like bacon, jalapeno and even scotch. It's definitely worth a peruse through! For my meal, I choose the pancake of the day - the strawberry pancake. Our server mentioned how much she enjoyed these pancakes, covered with strawberries, heavy whipped cream. Ok sure. I want that please, with a side of smoked bacon. The pancakes were small, but delightful, fluffy little spheres of tasty. My main issue with this dish? I had five small hunks of strawberries on top. I love strawberries - that's why I ordered this dish...I simply wanted more! The cream was nice and a perfect addition, however, I would have preferred it on the side as it was mostly melted and slid off my pancakes when the plate was set down in front of me. The side of bacon, which was a steal for $2.50, came with four slices of peppery, smoked, crispy bacon. It was damn good bacon. I'll definitely come back to Zink - they've crafted a good looking menu in a well positioned restaurant. Maybe next time I'll grab a seat on their fab patio!
4	The folks at Zink know how to throw a party! They have an awesome bar menu and a wood-burning oven for making the best flat-breads.  My fav was the Duck  flatbread.   It was a perfectly balanced blend of savory (from the slighty salty duck) with a hint of sweetness from the fruit (was that grilled pineapple or mango or apricot?) and a touch of goat cheese with fresh arugula...  like Guy Fieri says, "that's money"!  I didn't see it listed on the menu - but I hope it will be there on my next visit! If you go Sunday - Thursday between 4 -7 pm, the bar menu is 1/2 off - what a deal!  I see quite a few things on the menu that I'd really like to check out, so we will definitely be going back!  The patio is expansive and offers outdoor couches for getting comfy while enjoying beverages with your friends.  Also, there is also plenty of  seating if you want to dine al fresco.
4	Great food, great bar staff, great managment. Wednesday I went in for a drink after work and found out that not only was the wine half price but the bar bites where as well. Had a couple of drinks and some great food for under 20 dollars. The turkey burger slidders the best I ever had. I will definitely be back.
4	After attending a recent party at Zink, I would highly recommend it for any company or social event. They have an amazing patio that can accomadate a fairly large event. The food was great and the service was even better!
3	Should be a 2.5 for lunch.  Not sure if it was a fluke, but I came here for lunch on a Sunday with decent expectations.  I had been impressed with my dining experience here in the past, so thought lunch would be on a comparable level.  I chose the Sweet Corn and Crab Cake salad.  I will give it to the crab cakes--they were great.  I loved the addition of corn.  The salad part--not so much.  The lettuce was soggy, bland, and just kind of icky.  Like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for 20 minutes or something.  The dressing was not flavorful.  The same can be said for the Cobb salad that my boyfriend ordered.  Two others ordered the blackberry pancakes and both said they were just OK.  The burgers and fries looked pretty tasty, though I did not try one.  It wasn't bad, just not as good as I had expected!  I would still give it another try.  Our sever was very nice and tolerant of our noisy party of 8.
4	Thank you Yelp Elite for the $25 gift certificate that I won!  After a stellar Elite event, I came back with my friend and treated both of us to lunch today.  I wasn't going to risk waiting forever for table & service (for someone who is chained to a desk, this was a great escape so I wasn't going to push my luck), so I decided to get here right after they open for lunch at 11:30.  Apparently 3 other tables thought the same as well, but the dining room was otherwise nice and empty.  I like the decor: modern, clean, yet warm.  I couldn't see the rest of the dining area, the space must be bigger than it looks.  My friend and I particularly enjoyed the paper table cover, completed with color pencils and pencil sharpener.  After 1 unfruitful game of tac-tat-toe, we just went to town with writing/doodling on it.  Service was ok.  Server was nice, but went MIA on me when it mattered the most: at the end.  TIme is of the essence when it comes to lunch shift; it would have been better if he would have brought the check out early and ready to rock & roll.  Food was great.  We went with the lunch specials.  I picked the meatloaf and substituted mac & cheese for the bleu cheese potato chips.  I also picked the soup of the day (squash soup).  My friend got the house salad (after taking out tomato and onion, it was literally a bowl of lettace) and the BBQ pork quesadilla.  The portion looks small, but it is enough to fill a stomach.  My Mac & Cheese was delicious: great cheese sauce, the pasta was cooked perfectly, not too mushy, not too hard.  My meatloaf was more like chunk of shortrib with mushrooms and wrapped with bacon.  The sauce was flavorful.  Her quesadilla was nothing in comparison in my opinion, but it was actually still good. For $10, I think the Five & Dime is definitely the way to go (which is my reason for being on my list... for the atmosphere, location, presentation and taste, it's not bad of a deal to splurge on once in a while)
4	I came here for dinner during a business trip.  I had dinner by myself at a table in the bar area.  The bartenders are very attentive and had great opinions on the food.  Awesome wine selection for every price range with wines grouped together from $6-8-10-12 a glass...very good selection, too!  Definitely recommend the roasted chicken with tomato risotto and squash...the chef does a pesto rub under the skin which is amazing!  I'm not one to rate the music selection but I have to admit, it was just as great as the food.  I am definitely coming back here for my next business trip to Charlotte. My bill: 2 glasses of Merlot $8/glass, roasted chicken, tax, and 20% tip = $46.
4	I recently took advantage of a Groupon for Zink and it was one of the best Groupons I've used!  The ambiance and decor are perfect.  Everything is Modern, clean and inviting.  The tables and seating layout are unique - you just have to see it!  Our server was very knowledgeable.  He explained several of the dishes and made some wine recommendations.  We actually selected a $20 cab and it was surprisingly excellent.  We started with the mussels and calamari as an appetizer.  The mussels were great but the bread (foccacia, I believe) was too salty.  I decided to try a turkey burger which came with the house fries.  It was very delicious and very filling.  For the table, we ordered a few sides.  We tried the sweet and sour eggplant and the sauteed mushrooms.  Both were very, very good.  The sweet and sour eggplant is not breaded/fried, just lightly sauteed which made it very enjoyable.  We absolutely had no room for dessert.  Overall, we had a great experience and I was also appreciative that the managers walked around the dining room a few times just to make sure everything was running smoothly - and it was :)
3	A perfect place for overpriced chicken paninis and mac and cheese. You know exactly what you're paying for- the decor, duh (though perfectly reasonable with a Groupon or LivingSocial deal in hand for sure).  BUT- I must say that out waiter was pretty AMAZING.  My chicken panini was frozen in the center so I ate around it..I ate everything around it.  The waiter ended up figuring out and replaced my order with another one.  I guess one and a half paninis for the price of one is always worth it.  Regardless, the food didn't blow me away.  My Asian grandmother can make better mac and cheese for sure.  Regardless, props to our waiter!
5	Loved loved loved this restaurant. Service was exceptional. The Wednesday night 1/2 price glass of wine night special is astouding...you can get Torii Mor Pinot Noir for $7 a glass...that is unheard of! And the food was awesome. The pretzels they serve are hot and delicious...our peanut chicken wrap appetizer was enough to share and very tasty. I had the Primivera pasta, which I loved and my husband had the swordfish...great portion size and perfectly cooked. The cheesecake is the best Ive had in Charlotte...vanilla caramel cheesecake baked fresh on the premises. Ive wanted to try Zink for a while and am glad I did. 5 stars all around...i cant wait to go back.
2	In short: avoid the steaks.Was there with a group last night, and had a poor experience generally. The wine/beer list is varied, looks well curated, and is not overpriced (though not cheap). I had half-sweet tea which was a bit more tannic and less sweet than I would have expected, but still good. My wife had a good bottled cider. The pretzel sticks before the meal are a cute touch, and they work well.We skipped appetizers, though we tried some of the lobster mac-n-cheese that a friend ordered and it was good.For our entree we each ordered a steak, the spinalis (medium) for myself, and a filet (rare) for my wife. The spinalis is a tough cut to cook right, so the slight overdoneness can be forgiven, but it was also over seasoned and poorly trimmed. The steak sauce with which it was served is very one-dimensional, and did not pair well with the arugula/parmesan garnish at all. Would avoid the sauce if you want to taste the beef. My wife's filet (ordered rare) was medium-rare at the thicker end of the cut --yes, a filet with a thicker end-- and was medium/medium-well at the thinner end. This imparted a chalky mouthfeel to what should have been a silky cut of beef.My steak was served with fries, though I asked for the truffle-parm fries. The fries were a sad portion, with a few full-length fries that were cooked right, and the rest of the portion looked like the leftovers from the bottom of the fry-basket --short and burnt. The truffle oil was applied too liberally and smelled almost scorched. My wife's steak was served with yukon gold mashed in a cast iron skillet, and they were moist and delicious. Would recommend the potatoes to other patrons.I had opportunity to try the dessert paired with the prix-fixe vegetarian meal, which was a chocolate-and-berries cup with whipped cream. The cream was delicious and a great pairing in general, though the chocolate hunks should have been cut smaller - they were three-bite size.I imagine that you can have a delicious meal at Zink, but when you're not precise with temperature, lack delicacy with seasoning, and are missing some small but noticeable details, it shows. If I were to return I would stick to easy-to-execute and more forgiving dishes like a burger.
4	I love the service/atmosphere/presentation here. The booths are incredibly intimate, the lighting is perfect and the waitstaff are always helpful and prompt.The cooks go wild with whatever preferences you have; I got a Vegan Plate ($16) and specified that I wanted avocado and no pasta. I got a 3-piece plate that consisted of:-     lentil patties with an arugula salad, -     a sashimi-looking watermelon salad with avocado, watercrest and a soy sauce vinaigrette, -     some roasted corn wrapped in roasted red pepper (it looks like fake sushi). I was pretty impressed. Their jalapeno margarita though... eh, I'll pass. Barely jalapeno-y and less adventuresome as I would have liked or expected.I'd describe Zink as American Fusion. Definitely a must if you like food adventures.Zink, when I have the budget for you, I'll be back.
4	Went there last night with my wife and daughter.  There is a nice outdoor area for seating and the inside part is very spacious and comfortable.  Our server was very good.  We had the calamari starter that was tasty but they did not give a lot.  My wife had the wagyu burger which was a meal in itself.  The fries were excellent.  My daughter had the chicken called the American Hero.  The portion was good sized and it came with a small bowl of macaroni.  I had the tenderloin skewer that also was very good.  It came on a bed of sliced tomatoes.  Something different for a change.  Overall,  the food and service was flawless.  They also gave you some special breadsticks and a mustard dip.  The menu has a lot of seafood choices and some unique dishes.  They have an extensive list of beers too.  Be prepared to spend a few bucks though.  The two dinners with no side orders, a child's meal, one appetizer, and one beer was about $70 including tip.  I can't say that it was very expensive but it is not the type of place that I would go to every week.
4	We had a large group of 25 last night at ZINK. We went to Zink on my recommendation as the only "Charlotte" native. The group was a large International group and I was looking for an establishment that had a good variety of food as well as a large patio to eat outside... WE WERE NOT DISAPPOINTED! Everyone in the group enjoyed their dinner. I suspect that between the 25 of us, we ordered nearly everything on the menu. Everyone enjoyed their dinner and the service we received. Kristen (our server) was TERRIFIC. She ensured that no one went thirsty, ensured all orders were correct and food was delivered in an orderly and timely manner. Not only that, she provided us all with separate checks at the end of the evening. I'd go there again in a heartbeat!
4	I haven't been to Zink since it was uptown and I am sorry I waited so long! The food was delicious! I went for lunch with a party of 13 and the service was great. Everyone really enjoyed their meal, which ranged from the flatbread, to sandwiches, to the roasted chicken... which was mine & I would order again in a second. Especially the side of mac & cheese (fantastic!!!) I plan on going back again & again!
4	I love dinner at Zink! The last couple of times I have gone the food and service have both been excellent! I have had the calamari starter, the blue cheese chips and mussels for appetizers. The mussels are the best choice, hands down! I thought that they might have too much lemongrass, but it was the perfect balance of citrus and seafood!Some entrees I've tried: The meatloaf, bbq duck, pork chops and vegetarian plate. The meatloaf was, don't laugh, just too meaty! I didn't taste any veggies mixed in. It was just a beef explosion. The bbq duck was delicious, and the side of mac and cheese made my night! The pork chops were cooked perfectly and came with an amazing polenta that I wish I could recreate. I could have eaten an entire bowl of the polenta. The veggie plate was a nice surprise. I went one night with a vegetarian friend and she was pretty concerned after looking over the menu. With the exception of the usual salads and starches, there aren't veggie-friendly options on the menu. She asked the waitress about it and we were informed that the chef will make a specialty vegetarian plate if requested. We requested. It was yummy! She got a vegetarian springroll/southwestern roll fusion-thing, stuffed eggplant and an heirloom tomato salad. She was really happy with the plate and it was very reasonably priced ($15, I think). You can't eat at a nice restaurant without dessert! I highly recommend the vanilla creme brulee! It is super sweet, but the perfect ending to a savory meal.Quick tip: If you are going for a fun night out with a friend, try sitting at the kitchen bar. It is really fun watching all of the food prep!
5	The menu here changes but it is always very good, I love the seasonal change menu. Their hits don't leave the menu however, like their Mac and Cheese is to die for. Their tortilla soup is awesome and deliciously filling, as are the salads. They have a great not just WINE selection but Craft BEERS too!  Check them out daily for both food and drink specials.
4	Hello Zink, sorry for forgetting about you for so long, that's embarrassing considering I live nearby! My first thought walking in here was, what wonderful ambiance and decor! The lighting is warm and inviting and the modern look translates well to the creative twists on traditional american cuisine offered here.The service here is excellent, friendly and charming without being too intrusive. Water refills were right on the dot, every time my water glass was close to being empty it was refilled posthaste. That was quite a feat considering they weren't very large glasses and I go through water pretty fast. The soft pretzels that come out while you're waiting are delicious and the mustard dipping sauce was pretty good as well. I ordered the herb encrusted trout with a bean and rock shrimp succotash. It was sooo good! The presentation was whimsical with succotash served in a miniature iron skillet, I couldn't really detect too much flavor in my herb encrusted trout but the basil oil reduction that came with it proved very flavorful and aromatic. The succotash was probably one of my favorite parts of the meal. It was flavorful and well seasoned, perfectly cooked, and the rock shrimp incorporated into it were succulent and added a nice dimension to the textures present in the succotash. Excellent!This place definitely was much better than I expected. Now keep in mind that it won't be an eat here every night type place due to the prices, but on the next occasion I'm feeling like a nice night out I'll keep you in my mind Zink.
4	Run don't walk. You owe it to yourself.My better half and I hadn't eaten at Zinc since its original location and shame on us for having left it so long to return. We had the following:Starter- Pear salad: light, fresh and not too big- Lobster mac-and-cheese: unusual and so "morish". I loved it.Main- Miso glazed cod: complex and delicate and my partner doesn't usually enjoy fish.- Meatloaf: this isn't like anything I've had before. Deep, rich and decadence take to a new level. Like-the-plate-clean good.Desert- Simply, the best shallow-ramekin creme brulee we've ever had. Why no 5th star? I reserve that for something truly unique but... Zinc is oh so close.
2	Classic SE Charlotte hangout.  Think AppleTini & Harpers with a cooler interior. Bit pricey, although consistent food.  Truffle oil on French Fries.  Aoili & Flat bread.  Foodie need not apply.  BTW, same restaurant group as Harpers.
5	Ate here last night for the second time, and it was excellent. If you go, try the shrimp and lobster diablo pasta......it was ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE. Great menu, food quality, serice and prices.
4	I would give this restaurant 4.5 stars:Originally we wanted to go to Cowfish, but it was way too crowded and luckily, Zink was right next door. This place is exactly what an upscale-but-casual American restaurant should be: Pleasant modern decor, no white tablecloths, open kitchen with woodfire oven, and friendly service. The menu is great, has a mix of pricier entrees with small plates and flatbreads: That way, you can come here if you want to spend a little or spend a lot.I ordered the braised short ribs, with rosemary jus, and truffle-Parmesan fries. The boneless rib "steak" was absolutely tender and moist, and the sauce was good (but it was thick like a gravy, not a jus). Came with a simple arugula and onion salad on top, very tasty and balanced out the meal. The hand cut fries were amazing, great truffle flavor without being overpowering. I also tried the poached pear salad, which was good, it was on the sweet side, and the pears were not as soft as I expected. The tacos are an interesting side item, but they looked very plain, compared to the rest of the food. We also received soft, homemade pretzel sticks as a bread, which is always way better than any stocked cold bread with a butter packet.Great beer selection as well, they had a special on draft beers for $3. Tried a local milk stout, which was descent...reminds me of many other American stouts; I wish it was on nitrogen to give it a creamier milky texture.Overall, I would love to come back to this place the next time I'm in the Charlotte area. I told my parents, this is the kind of restaurant I would open if I wanted to open an American restaurant. It has all of the elements of upscale, casual dining that I enjoy.
5	How have I not reviewed Zink? I thought a previous review was here somewhere...oh well, I'll correct this right now.Zink-a-bink, a bottle of ink, a cork fell out and you... oh, Zink! I really like this restaurant for numerous reasons:1) For foodies that want to be part of the food making action, you can ask to sit at the chef's bar, which lines the kitchen and dining room. You can watch all the dishes being made. It's great entertainment and a conversational piece for sure. 2) Great service! When it was a bit warmer, my husband and I asked to sit on the patio. There was no one else outside, but they offered to set up a table. Talk about feeling VIP. 3) Late night hours. Bonus! There are many nights when we work late and want to unwind after a long day. Even when we roll in late, we are given great service and we never feel rushed. 4) $3 drafts on Thursday nights (wins hubs over every time). Ladies night on Wednesdays for 1/2 price glasses of wine. *smile*5) Meatless Mondays. One word: delicious.The crowd is definitely more business casual to business-all-the-way. Many of nights there are office parties or working lunches/dinners. There is valet parking or in the parking lot or nearby garage. Even walking distance from the mall....however it takes, get here and enjoy the food, drinks, and service!
1	We recently went to Zink at Southpark for a birthday dinner. I have previously been to both dinner and brunch at the uptown location and thought the food was excellent. Unfortunately our most recent visit was far from exceptional. Our waitress Ellie was fantastic but the chef left little to be desired. The lobster Mac and cheese was completely dry the first time we received it. After sending it back it was then watery and the lobster was rubbery making the dish basically inedible. It tasted as though they added some sauce to our first dish and reheated it in the microwave to warm it up. You should never have to chew on lobster for30 seconds to eat it. One us got salmon that was cooked well but the risotto was bland and not creamy. To top it all off both steaks we ordered were not cooked at the proper temperature. The only saving grace was the bacon wrapped meatloaf with braised short rib which was great. Overall it was a disappointing meal for a special occasion and we will not be coming back.
5	It's a shame that I haven't reviewed Zink until now, because it is steadily becoming one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  It's pricy, as you would expect, given the quality of the food and the location.  However, in this instance, you definitely get what you pay for.The food at Zink is best described as New American with a twist.  I know that sounds horrendously trendy, but it's done really well here.  There's a lot of re-imagined comfort-style dishes, like mac and cheese, crab cakes, and so on., with a special emphasis on locally-sourced foods.  During our most recent visit, I had the shrimp and lobster Diablo, which had just the right amount of spice, balanced perfectly by a subtle-yet-present almond butter.  The hanger steak is also sublime.  Zink's decor is pretty classy too: it's sophisticated in an understated sort of way.  The service is always polite and very helpful.Try Zink.  If the dinner prices put you off, then go at lunch: you can eat at surprisingly low rate for that particular meal.  You won't regret it.
5	Went for the first time for New Years!!! The food was great, a little expensive and the menu was limited because it was a holiday. I want to go back on a non-holiday to try their menu. The atmosphere was hip and service was great, but I hated how the menu was so limited and over priced. I gave 5 stars because for the most part, I enjoyed my visit!!!
4	Finally got to try Zink.  I think my favorite part is the beautiful atmosphere.  There are a few dining areas and a lot of interesting things to look out.  The bar is large and I think it may be made out of zinc.  I went with a large party during restaurant week, but the place was not as crowded as I expected.  Our huge group probably drove the incredibly slow service.  The food I had was great, but nothing over the top.  The chocolate bread pudding was the best part of my meal, but unfortunately I was too full to eat more than a few bites.  I got the sea scallops for my entree, which were creatively served with a sauce with a little kick (maybe wasabi?).  They were good but nothing to rave about.  I also had the beet salad - the spiciness of the arugula and chipotle dressing combined with the goat cheese turned out well, though the beets kind of seemed like an afterthought.  Well located near South Park mall, make sure you take advantage of the complimentary valet or park in the mall parking deck nearby!
4	I recently ate here for Restaurant week.  I enjoyed the ambiance of the place if not a little too trendy/upscale. .  I ordered the Calamari for the appetizer and the Lobster/Shrimp Diablo for the entree.  For dessert I had the Creme Brulee.  They serve Pretzel Bread for the table when you're seated and this tasted as you can expect it to.   The Calamari had a good flavor to it and was cooked well.  The Lobster/Shrimp Diablo had a nice spice to it and despite the lack of Lobster it was rather filling. It was served upon a bed of perfectly cooked Linguine.   The Creme Brulee was delicious especially with the fruit added.  They offer a good selection of wine, too   My friend had the Roasted Chicken which she rather enjoyed.  Her side dish (I forget what it was) came in a cute little skillet on the plate with her chicken.   The presentation of the food was semi-gourmet (plated aesthetically but not up to par with most upscale restaurants), which by the way I appreciated.My only complaint besides the lack of Lobster, is our waitress.  It was very difficult to hear her at all and she never offered to refill our drinks (alcohol).  However, I get the vibe that the wait staff at any Charlotte restaurant doesn't operate at 100% during Restaurant Week.I would recommend it to anyone especially if entertaining "out of towners"  or as a prequel to an evening out.
5	Went on here on a whim when the wait at Cowfish would've been an hour (on a Tuesday night).  Was seated within 15 minutes.  The food was outstanding, and I was literally disappointed when I realized I had cleaned my plate.It's "New American" cuisine.  While I'm not particularly sure what that means, whatever it is, is done extremely well.  Can't wait to go back, especially on a night where I get to dodge the trend-driven waits on hotspots like Cowfish.
4	Great atmosphere, great food, The Hickory Smoked Salmon was awesome. Don't miss out on the pretzel bread that is served first, with an amazing mustard dipping sauce. They also have a bar menu, but if you push the envelope a little you can get it added as an appetizer, try the shrimp, simply amazing. The service could of been better, but definitely not terrible. We will go back.
4	So. I was visiting a friend and decided based on yelp and open table that we should try Zink. Overall. I would definitely try it again if I lived in the area... The restaurant was lively and gorgeous. I liked the colors they choose, the lighting and the artwork. Bravo to whomever they hired for that.The staff was very friendly and quick... Really no complaints at all here... Very nice.So, let's dive into the food porn because I didn't eat so healthy, but didn't entirely give in to all desires either.For starters I had a poached pear salad. It was good. I've had better pear salads though. I would have preferred the pears be warm. That would be the only thing I would change though. For dinner I had seared sea scallops with squash, pancetta and brussel sprouts. It was delicious. Scallops cooked perfectly. So succulent. And the pancetta on top added perfect crispness the dish needed. The brussel sprouts were so good, I was wishing I knew exactly how they were cooked and what with. Dish was amazing. Nothing daring, but delicious. For dessert I had a special of ice cream sandwich with mint ice cream. It was good, but not even near my top ten desserts I have ever had list. My friend LOVED the bread pudding though... so get that if you go!Biggest complaint of the night and may sound silly, but I'm a girl who likes her martini's alllmost as much as desserts. The martini's were tini. Too tini. Like half the size I get up in Boston? What is up with that? Let a girl drink Charlotte!!!That's all. I hope you enjoy the place as much as we did. Later!!!
2	Oh Zink you've let me down. I'm really disappointed with my latest foray here. The decor is still very nice and upscale and the service is still friendly, but what the heck has happened to the food?!We ended up here after driving around for about an hour looking for a place that didn't have a two hour wait and I've had good experiences here before so I was sure it'd be a nice night out when the hostess said she could seat us right away. Man was I wrong. We started with the Lobster Mac & Cheese. The cheesiest thing about the dish was the ritz cracker crust on top. I realize that sounds very sad, that's because it is. The lobster was great on it's own and there were decent chunks throughout the dish. The mac part though? It really could've just said lobster with pasta in a cream sauce and I probably would've believed them. Not very cheesy and kind of runny instead of a glorious gooey concoction I was hoping for. I finished it off though and good thing too because I ordered the wagyu burger and I managed about 2-3 bites before I gave up due to how hard it was to eat combined with how flavorless and dry the meat was. That thing tasted like pure disappoint if disappointment had a taste. I ended up eating some of my dining partner's pulled pork ravioli, and dipping my fries in the sauce.Our waiter was friendly if a little slow on taking orders and water refills. Pacing of the meal was spot on, the appetizers came out shortly after our order was filled and entrees came shortly afterwards I like that they pay attention to timing. However I gotta say he was really turning a blind eye to customer satisfaction. He saw that I didn't like or eat my burger, and didn't want to take it home, and I even said out loud when he was clearing the table "What a disappointment" and he just went on merrily clearing plates returning a short time later to see if we wanted dessert. No thanks I'd just like to leave and go get a burger at cookout so I can stop being hungry.This has left a very bad impression on my friend and I find myself hard pressed to make a return trip here now after this experience. I am sad that I pretty much ate a $14 piece of pickle and fries for dinner. So two stars means Meh. I've experienced better. You know where I've experienced better? From the same place.
2	Way too overrated. No wonder this restaurant was half empty when I walked in (since Cowfish Burger was too long for the wait). I should have waited.Had the chicken tortilla soup... VERY SALTY!!! but it was a small portion so I finished it. Then had the Shrimp and Lobster dish which was SUPER SALTY!!!!!!! Holy... I had to drink 4 glasses of water and it still didn't get the saltiness flavor from my mouth. Mind you, I barely finished 1/3 of the whole dish with the salty sauce all over the pasta. I just ate the shrimp and lobster pieces while picking at the salty pasta. Had a slice of my friend's pizza... Ugh, it was gross. The combination... of everything. After those 3 bad experiences, I didn't care to order dessert (I was planning on it but based on the 3 previous dishes, I decided not to)Anyway, don't come here, just wait the few extra minutes for Cowfish Burger in which I heard was great...
5	We  had a great time and really loved everything. We loved their former location uptown and really miss it, but after shopping at the mall we decided to stop in and check out this location. Although the decor is much more upscale than the old location it is not over done and is truly a beautiful restaurant.We had martinis in the bar and were taken care of like we were regulars. The food was excellent especially the crab cakes and mac n cheese , I can't believe that it took us so long to vist Zink, we will be back soon.
5	This place is so amazing. I've been here for Brunch, Lunch, and Dinner and every time they delivered. From the decor to the service to the manager making sure your experience is great to the food, it's a 5 star dining experience.  I can't wait to try their sunday night BBQ buffet.
4	I was all ready to give them a 5 star, (which I rarely do) but I just got the ribs there yesterday and the sauce on them was really kinda gross.  But the lobster sandwich that I had there the other day was awesome and the bartender there is fabulous.  I ordered the pear martini and it came really well shaken, so well that there were ice chips in it, and as a former bartender I appreciate a really cold martini.  (Who wants to drink warm vodka?) The flatbreads there are also good.  The decor is great, modern and fun, love their outdoor area and the service has been great every time I have been there.
4	If you're looking for a place to sit outside, have some drinks and enjoy some tasty small plates, this is the place. This is such a great place to catch up with friends or to have a first date. The bar area is equally as nice. The ambiance is well done with large couches and it's quiet enough to have conversations without yelling over each other. Last night I had the lobster mac and cheese and the sashimi. Both very good. I highly recommend this place for the atmosphere as well as the tasty food!
2	So admittedly I came here with a huge group (20 people) but we weren't looking to sit at a normal table and were fine with sitting in their outdoor patio/lounge area. Still our waiter looked like he was being thrown in to some sort of top chef challenge and literally muttered things like "jesus christ, there's more?" and "I'll bet they'll all want separate checks" well within earshot of all of us. Filter maybe?Anyways he took like 2/3 of our orders then disappeared for about 20 minutes (pen ran out of ink? the paper notepad was impossible to flip?!) and then when he did come back to serve food he tripped and spilled it on us. Eventually the other, decidedly more professional staff came to help out and things went relatively smoothly but if it's this guy's first day, or he has never waited a table before a place with Zink prices should probably discriminate in it's hiring a little more.Anyways, my tacos were eh and I thought the mac and cheese was kind of weak. Not bad food but after our fun time with the waiter I guess I just wasn't in the mood to enjoy my meal.And since he brought it up, we did all get separate checks.
4	I had a groupon that I had forgotten about but they still allowed me to use it at half the value. Zink has a very laid back and relaxing atmosphere so I ate outside for Sunday brunch, the patio is pretty plush with very comfortable furniture and the scenery was perfect for people watching:-)  I already knew I was having the mushroom turkey burger because I love mushrooms and I heard so much about it...........it came with fries and I added a mimosa.  The food is really good here and the service was just as good........add the banana pudding for dessert if you have room:-)
5	Well, I will start this review by saying that I have yet to eat at Cowfish, but it serves me right for thinking that the wait would not be 2 hours on a Saturday night.  Anyway, it was all good, because we were able to get a quicker seat at Zink.  I am not sure what happened to M5, which was in this location before, but I can say that I have not had a bad meal at either of those 2 restaurants.  Needless to say, that streak is still alive.Double date night with the wife and 2 other friends was the plan and we had a great meal.  As soon as I looked at the menu, the "Nacho" brisket burger was calling my name.  The burger is a mixture of their standard ground beef along with brisket, topped with avocado, habanero jack, tobacco onions, chipotle aioli and black bean corn salsa.  It also came with a side a fries, which were just ok.  The burger, on the other hand, was the best that I have had in a while.  It had some nice spice to it and all the toppings went well together.  It was a little messy to eat, but our server was good enough to get me a second napkin, which came in handy towards the end. The wife had their red snapper fish special for the night, and it came with spicy "angry corn" and sliced, broiled heirloom tomato with creamy, melted goat cheese on top.  Once again, we had another very pleased diner. One last thing that I like about Zink is their beer selection.  They only have a few draft options, which are usually local NC brews, but their bottled choices are excellent.
4	What is not to love about half-priced wine on Wednesdays?  I love the atmosphere here.  It is dark and sleek, very upscale.  The prices reflect that!I have eaten dinner here before and while it was delicious, it was bit too pricey for what I received.  But, for a nice bar and some finger foods, this is the place!  The flat bread pizza with fig, arugula and prosciutto is perfect for sharing with a friend.  I am not a carnivore, so I remove the prosciutto from mine.  The crust is crispy, the figs are heaven!The salads are also delicious-- the local heirloom salad is my favorite.  I love local foods, and this did not disappoint.--They also have great draft beers----Napa Cellars Chardonnay on Wednesdays is $6/glass... can you say DEAL!?----The bar is quiet.  A great place to catch up with a friend, or to plot revenge on an ex-boyfriend (hers, not mine)--The bathrooms are fantastic!  Love the faux crocodile floors!----Awesome outside seating----Park on the top-level of the parking deck that is attached to Southpark Mall, and it is an easy walk over... or valet--
4	Great atmosphere, very good food selection. Service was attentive and made good food recommendations.
4	Zink.'s dark, contemporary interior gives you a warm feeling the minute you walk in.  Service is very friendly without being too pushy.  Wine-by-the-glass list is nice and divided by price for the budget-aware.  The salads were awesome - both the tomato (which I think was seasonal) and the beet were fresh and interesting.  The mussels were great, but ask for an extra plate as they pile the french fries on top.  The scallop dish was really refreshing with citrus and avocado. Parking is somewhat limited and the noise can be a bit louder than I'd prefer.Overall, though, a great find and I'll definitely be coming back next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	I've been to Zink many a time and most of my visits have fallen on lunch. However, this time, our most recent visit was of the dinner/evening variety. Saturday evenings in Southpark are not typically on our radar, but we ended up meeting some friends and we were thrilled with our experience. We made a reservation for the evening on the patio. The weather was great and live music was filling the patio. We had a seat in the rather quiet and intimate setting on the patio. The patio setup they have here is so great at night. Much more quiet than you would expect. We ended up ordering some drinks, but then the weather took a turn for the worse. We asked our server if we could switch to inside whilst waiting for our friends. She happily obliged and scored us a great seat in the large dining room. A great courtesy without even batting an eyelash. I ended up ordering the cucmber gimlet and loved it. I switched for bombay saphire gin and enjoyed it very much. A nice cocktail to sip throughout the meal. The bread they served pre-meal was focaccia and it was fantastic. A nice change from the standard pretzel bread (which is divine). One aspect of their menu that is so attractive is the adaptability for vegetarians. My wife had no problems with the menu and if she wanted something sans protein, they were happy accommodate. Thanks for this!I ordered the new "Nacho" brisket burger. This is the first time I've had a burger med rare in Charlotte and the second time I've had a burger made from brisket. All I can say is WOW. The flavor of the beef was so intensely smokey and well-balanced with guac, onion straws, jack cheese, and that incredible brioche bun...A homerun for sure. Glad to see these guys are not joking around with their burger(s). I've had the Wagyu burger on occasion and I've always left happy...and so full. It's definitely not a burger for the faint of heart. Another small not, but huge props for having Northcoast Scrimshaw in a bottle. My favorite Pilsner and so stoked these guys typically have it. Dear Zink,Thank you for your incredible staff, accommodating dining areas, flavorful menu, miraculous beer varietals, and adaptability. Sincerely,Ben.
4	I'm from out of town and some local friends suggested got to Cowfish for dinner. Well, Cowfish had an hour long wait we weren't that excited to wait outside, in the cold, for that long. So we ventured next door to Zink where we were seated immediately.Zink is a haute fusion American Tapas bar, mostly. I was there with my wife and three friends. Although the restaurant was almost empty when we arrived, the initial service was very slow. Once things got started the pace was much better. The manager, CJ, came over several times and was helpful as was the server. The food was delicious. The drinks were excellent. The thing to keep in with Zink is that, with most of their menu this is a place for tasting, not eating. You probably won't leave with that standard American feeling of being full but you will leave having explored a lot of interesting things that were very well prepared. If get the whole the, "It's the journey not the destination" Zink would be a good place for a culinary adventure.
5	Full disclosure ya'll Zink was previously a client but I no longer work with them so this a 100% unbiased love fest. I actually had my college graduation party at Zink years ago when they were uptown but their menu and the Zink experience has evolved greatly since then. They literally lay at the red carpet when you visit and last night I got to sample their new fall menu.  Previously I had sampled much delicious Zink fare (pretzels, yes!) but I want to focus this review on their updated menu.I went last night with the intention to use my $25 off any $50 purchase thingy. Shocker, I didn't spend enough to use it! I wasn't even close. And I paid for my date's dinner. And I was full in the way they could have rolled me out.Must haves (we split all of these): -White chili. They just won some trophies for this. Its that good. We split a bowl inspired by their "small plates" thing they are they are trying out. It does work for them but hey Zink is no Soul.-Lobster mac and cheese. Bonus points for presentation served in a piping hot iron skillet. Huge chunks of lobster. Take that 5Church (I'm restaurant name dropping like crazy today!). Creamy, not healthy. Who cares. Attempted to share this. Didn't want to though.- Brisket Burger. Its like three meats ground in house. Comes with fries, pickles and slaw. Just $14 cheapest entree by far but don't be fooled. It was bangin' and we didn't order if because it was "cheap" but because we heard it was amazing.My date had a $6 cab sav that he loved and I had a pear martini. I forgot to mention the awesome house made focaccia bread we started with. We had two orders. maybe that's why we got to full.-We also ordered the pumpkin ravioli but canceled it because just these three things (and the two orders of bread) had us full up to our ears. And was under $50 (INCLUDING DRINKS.) Yes the burger is that big you could split it and not fill gypped. Its super rich. Oh, and finally. The service was on point. Bonus no one hour Cowfish wait.
5	Really nice service. Cute location.  I had the friend green tomato BLT with fries. It was delicious. The tomatoes were not quite as good as moms but they were great. The fries were fresh cut and wonderful.
5	Zink has a new menu. Drop what you're doing and go order the NY Strip sliders (maybe a couple orders) and you will be transported to hamburger heaven. Easy as that!
5	I had wanted to try this restaurant for a while after seeing its good reviews, and the fact that it is in the heart of South Park. Zink has a very chic and classy atmosphere. Darkly lit with candle light, it would make a great place for a date. Although I was there with my buddy and we still enjoyed it.The food was just as good as the dining area, and the price was very decent. Our friendly server greeted us with, "Zink is a farm-to-table tapas style restaurant (they do have entrees too)", and I was immediate sold. After watching a couple of documentaries about the American food industry, I've been really trying to keep my meals local. For tapas, I ordered the chili, pumpkin ravioli, and a pull-pork taco as the waitress recommended. Every dish blew me away. Their award-winning White Chili is the best I have ever had, and this is coming from a guy who is not a chili fan. The chili was so different and had a very fresh, light taste compared with regular chili that's super salty and heavy, and the pulled chicken melted on the tongue. As for the ravioli, I had no clue how they did it, but it was for sure one of the best raviolis I've ever had. The ravioli brought out the best flavors of the pumpkin, and the condensed balsamic dressing was absolute perfection. The pulled-pork taco lived up to my standard as well because the tortilla were made fresh. It also comes with homemade salsa, which made me speechless.My German friend who has been in America for a couple months now, said the burger he ordered was for sure the best he's ever had. That's a bold statement! He said the salad that came with the burger was phenomenal too. Overall, it was a great experience and I can't wait to go back to Zink!
3	The Good:  Service, atmosphere, some of the foodThe Bad: Some of the food, nickel and diming on the breadLet me start off by saying that the restaurant atmosphere was great and our service was also very good.  The tapas menu had many options and interesting choices.  A bit confusingly they have full entrees as well.  I guess for the folks who don't understand small plates.We started off with the house spreads combo. Three spreads were included: spicy feta, tzatziki, and chickpea hummus.  I didn't really care for them but everyone else in our group enjoyed them so they just must not be my thing.  The problem was that you get three scoop-sized dollops of spread and just a few pieces of pita bread.  When we finished the pita bread there was easily 2/3 of the spread left.  Unfortunately they charged for additional pita bread.  They might want to rethink their portions here.We also had the house chips with bleu cheese and ranch.  These were really tasty if a bit greasy.Our group tried a number of the small plates:Lobster Mac and Cheese - Delicious. Best thing we hadFish 'n Chips - Also goodNY Strip Sliders - You get two sliders on the plate and they were also quite good, but a bit greasy as wellHawaiian Ahi Tuna - This was a disappointment. The tuna had no seasoning at all and was quite blandOne of my tablemates had the Ramen Noodles.  I can't speak for the taste, but they did not smell appealing.The drinks were good.This is more like a 3.5 and I would go there again given the opportunity.
4	I went here for Sunday brunch. Most of the food was really good... especially the shrimp & grits... and oh the pancakes!  But some of the food just was just off. The potatoes just didn't seem freshly cooked. I got excited when i saw the lobster claws, but they were really weird like they had been thawed improperly or something. They have several tapas-style extra items that you can order (included in the price), of which i ordered the frittata, and that wasn't hot (altho it was supposedly made upon request). And the mixed fruit was frozen solid. But that was mitigated by the fact that the waiter (who was extremely nice) told the manager about it and he graciously and surprisingly discounted my meal and gave me some THAWED fruit to go! Kudos to them for that!... and for most of the food!
3	Not impressed by service nor food but environment/atmosphere is perfect for date- ate here in december
4	Really good restaurant with good atmosphere, food, prices, and service. It appears very fancy when you walk in, but the food is reasonably priced and tastes great.  I definitely recommend any of the spreads for an appetizer, because the fresh pita bread is soooo good.  The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating as well.  I think of this place as somewhere to go where you want to have a nice dinner somewhere, but do not feel like spending $100+ on the bill.I would definitely come back here again, as this place has good food and seems to be run well.
5	Everything was delicious, service was great, the decoration/ambience was wonderful.  Hummus, Chips, and Caramel corn were great starters, Lobster MacNCheese and Pumpkin Ravioli were delicious, Deconstructed Chicken Pot Pie was AMAZING (Im usually a pasta or steak person but this was amazing), and the banana nut pudding was to die for!!  A great birthday experience!
4	When we first walked in I was intoxicated by the dark wood, amber lighting and groovy music. There are different seating areas and fortunately we got the coolest booth in the restaurant, wait, and the coolest booth I have ever sat in. It was a ceiling high white leather back, half moon shaped booth. I felt very swanky, special and immediately put me in a good mood. When we go back I will specifically ask to sit there. It almost made the evening what it was, which was wonderful. We went for the second to last night of Queens Feast and the service was NOT lacking. When we sat down someone came by immediately to fill our water carafe, and then someone else came by to make sure our water was filled and to tell us our server will be right with us. Then our waitress came by and at that time the two of us were so confused because we have NEVER had so many people attend to us within the first several minutes sitting down at a table! The waitress was very pleasant, nice and witty. She explained the Queens Feast menu and made sure we maximized our choices. The appetizer we ordered was the 3 dips (spicy feta, tzaziki, and hummus) with fresh pita bread, hot from the oven. TO DIE FOR! I will go back just for that, especially the tzaziki! It is unlike any tzaziki you have ever tasted! Then the second course was the ahi tuna and the lobster mac. DELISH as well. By this time we were hooked. I ordered a mojito to drink (just to be different). Ehh, I have had better. Of course, when you have been to key west it's hard to live up to really great mojitos. Then our main course came and boy oh boy. The flank steak over grits with charred brussel sprouts and a port reduction! I cannot say enough. Even the next day leftovers were amazing. They give you a healthy portion. If we didn't have all of that to eat before (for the queens feast menu) I would suggest saving your appetite just for the main course. My husband got the Carolina trout with the seafood paella. Yum yum! I really needed a red to go with the meal so I ordered just a house cab. By the glass it's a gamble because they don't keep the bottle at the right temp for glass service so the wine was warm and it really was not great at all. I told the waitress and she took care of it. She gave me a better cab but only charged me the house price. Class! The temp still was not to my liking but it was a much better wine. If you are a total wine snob and are very particular about the temp make sure you say something before ordering just a glass. I would spring for a correct temp bottle if you really want to enjoy your red. Still, we will be going back for sure. The only thing that was disappointing was the dessert. After having a wonderful meal and great service I wish that the dessert was just as wonderful. I had the caramel apple cheesecake and my husband got the bread pudding. The portions were small and the cheesecake was apple cubes on top of a small portion of cheesecake. Go across the way to the cheesecake factory if you really want dessert. The bread pudding was tasty but dry.We were checked on regularly and 2 managers came by to see how we were. Class again! Bravo Zink. We made sure to tell them how great our experience was. I was not upset about spending the amount of money we did on everything (approx 140$--gave a good tip) during Queens Feast, which is when you try to dine nice for cheap. I shall return!
5	I've been here twice, once for restaurant week and once for mothers day. The atmosphere is so visually pleasing. The first experience I had these pork wings...A-MA-ZING! Oh I can't forget the little pretzels & mustard on the table...little pieces of Heaven.  The mashed potatoes just melt in your mouth. I have zero complaints about this place!
3	3.5I REALLY need half stars to be implemented!  Most of my reviews warrant that extra half!!A couple things about my experience:I loved the atmosphere at Zink.  It was trendy, chic, sexy and modern.  I didn't get the free bread prior to our meal that some of the other reviews mentioned.The "snacks" we ordered were VERY good.  We tried the pimento cheese fritters, the housemade potato chips with a blue cheese drizzle and the hummus with fresh pita bread.  Everything was amazing!!Additional tapas we ordered at our table:The ramen noodles dish--it was okay.Chicken and corn chili--very good, nice portion, hearty and comfortingCrabcakes--fishy, lots of random fillers, very little crabmeatThe lobster mac n cheese...table favorite, good flavor overallSteak sliders--decent but tasted a bit like a burger king burger in a fancier bunTo wrap up my thoughts on this evening...I love tapas and the idea of trying a few different items from a menu but I don't think the quality of food fit the classy atmosphere or prices....OVERALL.   I saw others mention the reasonable prices but I have to disagree.  For the $100 bucks dropped and a lot of food ordered, we all left hungry.   I do like that they use local farmers when possible and I think some of the items are very solid (the dips, fritters, etc) but I think it would be best to stop by for an appetizer before heading somewhere else for the main meal.  I just wasn't satisfied.  As one friend mentioned "this place should be called Zilch instead of Zinc" because you leave with nothing....broke, hungry and disappointed.
5	I will put this out there that my review might be a bit biased because I became a bit emotional during my visit. The atmosphere was excellent. I don't eat out often and I certainly fine dine once every 4 leap years so this blew me away. I ordered a red wine from which I had to get advice because I'm not a big drinker. My three course meal was quite honestly the best meal I've ever had. House chips were great and the bleu cheese sauce was amazingThen the second course which was fish and chip with creamed corn was even better. I didn't know what to expect but wow was I surprised. At this point I began to get a little teary eyed. My dinner was top notch. SRF wagyu flank was good. I don't know how it was supposed to taste but it tasted like any other steak I can remember but the cheese grits were very well prepared and to top it off it had Brussels sprouts and that was a first. Lastly was desert which I had the Dark Chocolate Ganache Tort. My waitress was great, she was a great help in picking out my main course and wine. I will be back.
2	Food was good but very pricey. Bad service.
