2	I love the pizza baked in a wood fired oven and it was refreshing to see a sit down restaurant with a decent beer selection.  That would be all great but this place is ridiculously loud and they have essentially no ventilation or air conditioning.  While eating at Bevo, you'll have the joy of experiencing what the pizza must feel in that wood fired oven down there.
1	"Do you want me to be honest with you?"   That's what the waitress asked us after she told us she could bring us the Martini's with Gargonzola Olives they had on the menu.  When she brought them with Olive's that weren't ripe, had pits, and were awful, we questioned what the deal was.  She also asked which Vodka (mine), & Gin (my friend) wanted and gave us the choices.  When she brought us the bill, (we decided we weren't staying if she had to give us the choice of honesty or not), the vodka & gin choices she gave us were additional to the already high price on the menu.  When questioned, she said the extra charge was for the alcohol.  Evidently, $14 Dirty Gorgonzola Martini's, neither include the Gorgonzola or alcohol.  I will never go back to this place and it's going on my Montreal black list.  Good job Nakkita, if that IS, your real name.
4	Capriciosa - sausage, mushrooms, hardboiled egg, tomato sauce, mozzarella. The first thing that I thought was... hardboiled egg on pizza? That makes as much sense as mango in a maki roll; preposterous, I declared. Not really, I like weird things - I once sprinkled vanilla ice cream with crunched up bits of BBQ chips, don't judge me, try it! So she cut me off a slice. The savouriness of the generous topping of sausages went really well with the toothsome bite of the roasted mushrooms. The overt sweetness of the tomato sauce was apparent through the cheese and egg.I didn't know what to think about having chopped up eggs on my pizza. I bit into it and the strangest thing happened. The waitress came over and asked how everything was, and before I knew it, she threw her apron into the air, the other servers pushed the tables aside and the manager jumped down from the second floor via swinging from the oversized chandelier in a choreographed dance. They broke out into song about how eggs have been shunned by the other pizza toppings for so many years and was fighting to find its own identity. It all ended in a rousing crescendo where everyone paused, threw their hands into the air and yelled, "EGGS!" No, not really... but eggs on this pizza really stood out - the powderiness of the yolk and that overall taste of egg was the kicker that tied everything together - how I never tried this before, I don't know.
4	Everything was fabulous! The service was wonderful! It was really nice to sit outside, enjoy a delicious meal, and some reasonably priced cocktails on this summer night!
4	Came here after a few other pizza hotspots were totally full, but my friend and I were totally satisfied and pleased. I was craving some authentic pizza badly, and got exactly what I wanted. I ordered the Prosciutto e Cotto (prosciutto cotto, bocconcini, mozzarella, tomato sauce and portobello), and I can guarantee it is now a favourite! I've been raving about how amazing it was all night and day. They have a good wine selection too, I had a glass of their Toscana red (first on the list, can't remember it's full name), my friend had a glass of their white Chardonnay.Considering it was a Saturday night in Old Montreal, it was definitely loud and packed, as expected. Keep in mind this is a Restaurant & BAR. With a few bachelorette parties going on, it was quite the funny sight as well. With a beautiful summer breeze, the windows were wide open and we had a lovely view of Saint-Vincent and passers-by.I'd definitely come back, the low star-rating does this restaurant no justice, I hope that changes!
4	I am from NYC  and no one has better pizza than in Brooklyn. This place belongs there! Loved everything I had!
4	Great pasta. Solid drinks. Fun atmosphere.
2	This place feels like a Montreal tourist trap mixed with tourists and some Montreal locals, though it' has a charming atmosphere. The food is very mediocre. We had the pizza which was pretty weak and the pasta which we could have done equally as well at home. If I was in the area and could't think of anywhere else to go to, I may try it again, but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
5	Came to Montreal for a weekend with close friends. As we lingered around Old Montreal debating on which restaurant to go to since there were so many to choose from, we just stopped at Bevo since it had spacious outdoor seating. I am glad we stopped and chose this spot!The food here is amazing and I absolutely miss it! The mushroom pizza with black truffle and their white clam pasta was so delicious! Can't find anything comparable to Bevo here in Boston. If you still have room for dessert, I definitely suggest you try the gelato. It was a twist of pistachio, vanilla and chocolate. I'm not a fan of sweets, but this was a great treat to top off the meal! Their Bellini's are yummy as well!Service was great. Our waitress was attentive and really sweet.I'm definitely coming back whenever I get to come back to Montreal and visit!
3	A very large trendy pizza place in Old Montreal.  A bit crowded but decent pies (not great).  Looks like a fun place for drinks and nightlife but we were there for dinner only. Staff was friendly and attentive.
4	BEVO's interior is a hodgepodge of styles.  Old meets new in this spacious two-storey restaurant that features a multitude of seating arrangements, from regular and bar-height tables to suspended pod chairs.The menu is broken down into four sections: antipasti, primi, secondi and pizze.  We decided to sample one item from each of those, which worked out really well.  We went with the Calamari Fritti (so-so), Fazzoletti con Ricotta (a hit), Poutine di Vitello Brasato (a hit), Saccense Pizza (a hit).Service tonight was excellent in general; we were well attended to and weren't left in need of anything.After tonight and a prior visit in the summer, we can safely say that BEVO is not all about location or trendiness.  It is actually a decent "food" destination.
4	Needed to find a good option for customers from Japan nursing 14hr jet lags, nothing too fancy, nothing too heavy, and something familiar. Wood-fired pizza here as authentic as in Tokyo & Naples!
5	Some of the best pizza you will find ANYWHERE. Can be a bit pricy for personal pizzas,  but was definitely worth it and would definitely go back.
4	Came to Montreal for a weekend trip and decide last minute on Bevo. It was a Saturday night and we called around 8pm and they were friendly and accommodating in getting us a reservation despite being busy. The decor is old world meets new world with minimalist sitting pods by the bar and exposed brick throughout the restaurant. The upstairs seating area is gorgeous, but we didn't make it up there. Ordered the prosciutto, arugula, and Parmesan pizza and was not disappointed! The waitstaff was attentive and friendly. The music was loud and I noticed a very high female to male ratio, but there might have been an event going on. This place is not overrated - I'm a New Jersey native whose lived in New York and this is seriously good pizza. Bravo Bevo.
5	BEVO was the best pizza I have ever had. I have high standards since I am from Chicago and I was impressed. I did not think I would enjoy the Margherita because it was not overloaded with cheese, but it was perfect. The only con I have is the pizzas are only about 10".
4	Went there last night and had a good time all in all. We killed half an hour or so at the bar while sipping on a Godfather and a Vespa Martini for my friend. There are great views of the place from the bar, cute waitresses and clientele, many more ladies than guys. We eventually were brought upstairs, at the end of the gallery with direct views of the pizza oven which was quite cool. The walls are stone and irregular which add to the ambiance. Well what started out like a quite nice experience turned a bit annoying, after the waitstaff realized they forgot our pizza order yet told us they were simply "busy". Probably not the truth.. it was already after 10:30pm and the restaurant had emptied out quite a bit by that time. Either way, not the end of the world but not cool either. The pizza was quite good though but it would have been nice to see some sort of gesture to compensate for our one hour + wait. Maybe it was just a fluke? Est-ce que tout est correct? Ouais.. presque!
5	Pizza - amazing! Even better - Nutella pizza for desert! WOW! The ambiance is great. I like the mix of bar / restaurant. I ordered the Margherita as I try and have at least one in every city I visit and so far this was one of the best I've had. But nothing beats the nutella pizza. The pizza crust with the nutella is heavenly!
5	This place was phenomenal, from the service to the food to the drinks! I have been in Montreal for the first time ever for a few days and I'm a pretty picky eater. Seems like a lot of pork here and a different standard of taste from the states. We were seated upstairs in a very comfortable area. The drinks and food ordered both came out quickly and were extremely good. I made one mistake, ordering a Jack Ceaser, which is comprised of Jack Daniel's, steak spices, and Tabasco. I wouldn't;  order that again just because it was a little much for me, but that's my own fault. A lot of reviews said the Nutella pizza was good. I figured that it would come with more than Nutella and powdered sugar; however, it was very plain and came with just that. Not a bad pizza, but could've had a little more pizzaz!
3	Great al fresco dining for summertime crowds, attentive service, fresh offerings including penne alla vodka (which they call alla Rusia), antipasto and good wine selection. It beats the poutine restaurant across the street hands down, especially if you want to preserve the health of your coronary arteries.
5	Incredible. From the atmosphere to the service and the food - nothing missed here. Some people in Quebec get bratty if you don't speak French fluently, but not here. They were more than welcoming to English speakers and the servers were also helpful in making recommendations about the menu.The saffron risotto balls are not to be missed and could be a meal in and of itself - so huge and also amazingly tasty. The pizza - just get the salami. If you like salty and you like meat, there is no question. I think this might be my first review using balls, salty and meat in the same paragraph! And, I'm leaving it so even more testament to how fantastic BEVO is. You have to sit in the hanging chairs. They are really cool. Will be back to bring my husband for sure!
5	Amazing Margarita pizza.
3	The Pizza was very decent, my grilfriend really enjoyed her Red Snapper.Was impressed at the amount of dinners that they could turn out. So all in all very decent dinner, with a great location, not your run of the mill tourist restaurant in the Old Port.
3	Somehow their reservation system lost a reservation even after an emailed confirmation. After calling to make a change, we learned that our reservation for 24 was non-existent. They didn't think they could accommodate the group, which could prove disastrous as people were coming from all over to join for dinner but told us to come and would find a way to accommodate us.  And when we arrived at the restaurant they still could not find our reservation that we had just called about 2 hours before.    But in the end with our reduced group of 12 they were able to accommodate us and we were glad to have the seating as the food was delicious and the wine was spot on. I would have given this review a 4 star as the food was that good. But the messing up of the reservation not once, but twice made this a 3 star experience.
4	Relatively speaking, it's good pizza. Nice atmosphere and good service. Think it's over priced for what you get.
4	The swordfish was exquisite and so was the pasta with rose sauce. The pizza's were also delicious and the calamari was fried to perfection. All in all a great meal, waiting for the desserts!
3	Fun, lively atmosphere.  We were seated on the second level so our table looked down on the bar area below.  The music was kind of loud, but not so much that it prevented conversation at our table.  (We saw two older couples leave together shortly after being seated and my suspicion was because of the music.  Just a warning to those of you seeking a quiet dinner!)We were quite tired after a day of tourist-ing, so not in the mood for anything challenging.  Pizza for me, pasta for her.  Both were delicious.  Our server was very sweet and we had no trouble getting her attention at any time.  All-in-all, exactly what we were looking for.We were very glad we found this place.  Thank you Montreal yelpers!
4	Was very pleased with our meal. The location and atmosphere are great, and our waiter was very friendly. The food was great. I had a margarita pizza that was excellent, great sauce and crust, and the cheese was very flavorful. My girlfriend got the carbonara pasta and that was very good as well. Very nice restaurant. Would recommend.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by my evening out at Bevo.  I'm not normally a huge fan of the Old Port, too many tourists and everything is a little bit more expensive that it should be.  And then there's the fact that it's difficult for an Italian to go out for Italian food, it's never as good as the food your mom or grandma makes.Bevo delivered!  We were a group of 8, and we were seated very comfortably.  Not too squished together, or too close to the other tables.  The space is quite nice and open.  We started out with beers and a bunch of shared appetizers.  They have a nice selection of both local and import draft beer, which always scores bonus points with me.  The sausage as part of the sausage and rapini dish was the closest I have tasted in restaurant to the sausage my parents make at home (and it's some good stuff!).  All the other apps were quite nice too, including the meat balls, the calamari and the seafood salad.It's no secret I love pizza.  Cheap pizza.  Expensive pizza.  Fancy pizza. Cheese and carbs and toppings, I like it!  I tried the Emilia Romogna, intrigued by the meat raggu, and yum yum yum!  A really hearty and tasty pizza!  Was it as good as pizza I've had in Italy?  Maaaaaybe.  Was it some pretty good pizza!  Definitely!  Everyone else seemed to really love their pizza as well, whether it was a simple margherita pizza or a more involved pizza.Bevo got more bonus points when at the end of the meal they brought out a dessert pizza for us to share, on the house!  It was exactly what it sounds like: nutella on a pizza base.  Simple and tasty. One thing that Bevo is missing is a good house wine, brought out in big carafes.  It's fine to offer a large wine list, but sometimes you just want an inexpensive and delicious wine to wash everything down, and you don't need a fancy bottle to do that.  A house blend would be perfect.So overall, I will keep Bevo in mind the next time I want to have a nice yet casual dinner in the Old Port.
4	Mama told me never to talk with my mouth full. So this is going to be short and sweet.There are few restaurants in our beautiful city that actually know how to make Pizza. Like, REALLY make pizza. The way it should be made. The way it's made in Italy.Bevo is one of them.Let's just say that while stuffing my pretty little face, I was anything but a lady. And using the excuse "where I come from we eat it with our hands" didn't quite have the desired effect. Rather, Mr. Haze just rolled his eyes, and ducked his head out of sight of confused neighbouring tables. To summarize: the sauce is outstanding, the cheese is amazingly fresh mozzarella and it's so perfectly thin... the piece de resistance, the wood-burning oven- what a beaut.DO NOT get me started on the Nutella pizza (I ate the whole thing to myself). There is nothing, NOTHINGGGG better. Ideal mixture of salty and sweet, and gooey and crispy, and chocolate and bread, and ... and... and..Looking back I could tell you that the service was beyond friendly and attentive, that the music was rockin', that the crowd was good lookin' and that it had a great post-dinner party vibe. But last night, at exactly 9:37 pm, none of that mattered, it was just me and my Pizza Pie all alone in that big ol' restaurant. THAT'S AMORE.
4	After reading all the awesome reviews about this place, I was super excited to come to Bevo for a birthday party last night. I informed the hubby that we were not to have dinner because we were going to have the best pizza of life instead (even though waiting for dinner till 11pm is painful).. We were looking forward to it so much so that we told the people sitting our table about these amazing reviews. Needless to say, when the pizzas came, we were extremely excited. As soon as I took that first bite of my mushroom pizza, my face fell. What?? THIS is the amazing pizza?? Pizza Bravo in NYC makes pizza way better than this.. Geppetto on Notre Dame makes better pizza... Oh, the disappointment...... There was really nothing to the pizza. I thought it was just mine, but when I tried hubby's Capricosa I felt the same. People at the table who tried our pizzas said the same. Oh, the sadness.. This is what I starved myself for? Absolutely not worth it. Drinks were nice and strong - I stuck with a blood orange Cosmo the entire night (and by 'a', I really mean 3 or 4.. Lost count :p) while my hub experimented with the berry mojito (not good), the chocolate martini (not the best I've tried but not horrible), and the old fashion (not my style but he liked it). Two pizzas and 6/7 drinks later, our bill was $100.. So I'd say that the prices are decent for the Old Port.. Overall, I would give this place 3.5 stars but since I can't do that, I'll be generous and round up to 4. Cool ambiance, fast service, good drinks, decent prices, and meh food..hmmm I think I should press submit before I change my mind and round down! :)
5	Great italian food, great ambiance, great waitress / super nice services. We loved the entire experience there. The margarita pizza is quite something. Really taste like authentic italian food.
3	The pizza was fantastic as well as the calamari.  Our waitress was also very friendly.  The bartender woman with the black hair was incredibly rude.  She was insulting and sarcastic with every interaction.  It took a very long time for her to acknowledge us, first of all.  Then, when I asked her what kind of ports she had, she responded that if I didn't know what I wanted, she was going to give me the most expensive drink she had.  Later, she grabbed the credit card machine from me and asked how much I was tipping her. I wish we hadn't stayed for after-dinner drinks because it ruined a great night.
5	Amazing food and excellent service. It really made my getaway special. Recommend any pizza! Of course the chocolate cake to end the meal was a must and did not disappoint. Great portion sizes and the prices were extremely reasonable! Would recommend this place to anyone heading to Montreal!
5	The food was amazing and we didn't have to wait very long for it.  You will get your money's worth if you love good tasting food.  I don't speak French and that wasn't an issue.  I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants to spend a bit more money for a nice dinner without having to dress too formal...or just anyone really-happy guestPS - try the calamari
4	Great venue for food, ambience and people.The drinks are nothing special but food is exquisite!Definitely worth going. Enjoy :)
3	Bah!Bah I say!What a disappointing dinner we had last night.Why oh why did I decide to try their pasta?Their bolognese sauce tastes worse than pre-made store bought stuff,hell it might be that stuff just not heated up properly, who knows?So thick (as in: tomato paste consistency), so flavourless, so lukewarm. Oh and they need to clean their espresso machine filter.The pizza was still good, so at least there's that.
4	Great place for pizza.  Possibly the best I have had in North America.  I was also happy with the very nice selection of wine by the glass.  Not a huge amount but certainly enough to have a choice and enjoy!  If you are alone and can stand direct heat a seat at the pizza oven bar is a good way to go.
4	One of the best pizza places in Old Montreal. This place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. The ambiance here is trendy. A fancy cast iron chandelier hangin, 80's music playing in the background, what's not to like about this place.  We ordered the Arancino, Antipasti, Meatballs and pizza's. The Arancino's are delish. Deep fried risotto balls crispy on the top and soft inside, topped with meat sauce.   Antipasti was ok. Meatballs were delicious too. Now for the pizza's........Not one of  the best pizza's I've had, but they were good. We tried the Bosco in Bianco, Capriciosa & Cotto E Bocconcini.  The crust is flavorful. Woodfire makes these pizza's delicious, Though I prefer the crust to be a bit extra burnt.  The Capriciosa was interesting as I'd never had a boiled egg on the pizza. It actually tastes really good. Also ask for the spicy oil. That adds a lot of flavor to it.Definitely worth a visit ...... Again & again...... At least for the Arancino's  Food -  GoodService - FriendlyAmbiance - TrendyWorth the money - Aw yissss
4	We went on a Sunday night so a lot around the area was closed but we were determined to find a restaurant. We came across BEVO as the look and interface felt a bit different and modern. The service was awesome and the waitress provided us with good recommendations for pizza. I ordered a wheat beer which was delicious, and the mushroom pizza with truffles. We were amazed at how delicious my pizza came out to be. The only sad part was leaving it for the next day - it was not as good. But the look and style of the thin crest pizza was definitely great! I recommend this restaurant if you are wandering for pizza in Old Montreal.
4	Came here on a trip to Montreal with some buddies for dinner. Like many restaurants in Montreal, this one turned into a club over the course of the night with a DJ playing some pretty good tunes and people feeling good while eating what turned out to be some really good food. We got there around 8pm and there were people dancing on the bar and shots going around... So that pretty much tells the story. Oh and definitely make a reservation before coming.The margarita pizza was actually delicious. Not the best ever, but definitely delicious and a perfect meal to go with the upbeat and trendy atmosphere that this place presents. We ended up staying here a lot longer than originally planned both for drinks as well as for more pizza. The calamari was also really good as well.Great spot for a pre-game or even to make a night of it. Either way you sure won't be disappointed by the food or the atmosphere.
4	I really like this place. The decor is chic, good service, and delicious food. I had my first burrata here and oh my, I can't get enough of it. I especially like the penne with mushroom dish, as well as the classic margherita pizza. Overall, I would definitely come back.
3	Great atmosphere but the food is... weird.  I ordered a pancetta and arugula pizza.  It came as a pancetta pizza with a huge pile of raw arugula dumped on top.  I felt like I had to do some gardening in order to get to the pizza.  No cheese.  And then it cost 20 bucks.
4	All the food was very very good, I had to ask a couple of times to get my water filled as that's all I drink. I needed the water as I had them add anchovies on my pizza. When your having anchovies, water is super important ;-)  So for me the service was just OK. I'd go back for the food tho.
5	We found this restaurant on yelp and since we were pretty desperate for dinner, we gave it a try. I had the best meal! Their penne in rose sauce with prosciutto and mushroom is heaven! Pizza is oven baked too! Nice environment, will definitely come back for more.
2	Was in Montreal for the F1 and decided to stop by Bevo for pizza. The place was packed and people looked good. The waitress got us a table outside and that was great, but the service was awful. We ordered an appetizer that didn't come until the two entrees did (olives, nothing fancy). Our sodas were flat and warm and she didn't bring us the ice we asked for. The waitress kept forgetting to bring what we asked her for and was not friendly at all. All and all the place was good but I think they might have been overwhelmed by the public or the waitress was new.
4	Went there tonight and the reviews were mixed. I am only commenting on MY food and drink since that's what I actually experienced.We started off with caprese salad. The cheese was amazing, soft, and just perfect. I would have preferred a bigger piece of basil with each tomato but that is a personal choice. The cheese makes this dish and it made it well.We also had a risotto with cheese and meat sauce to start. I was hesitant since I'm not a risotto fan but this was good....so good my 4 year old was asking for more. Perfect mix of all flavors.I had a Bellini to drink and while it was great it was $11 for such a small portion. I would have rather spent the money to get a "bigger" drink like a Caesar.... Didn't stop me from drinking 2 though!My main meal was a Salame Pizza (basically a fancy way of saying pepperoni! I liked it. The pizza was thin crust, well cooked and the pepperoni had a bit of a kick to it. I didn't finish it because I was full with the apps and drinks.The service was very attentive and the decor of the place was great. The bathrooms needed attention though. The stall with no lock had toilet paper and the stall with a lock was paperless.... Overall I really did enjoy the food and service and would go back for a girls night or date night.
2	I ate here with my family while on vacation for a few days in Old Montreal and was somewhat disappointed with my experience. The ambiance was chic but unpretentious, and there was plenty of indoor and outdoor seating so we were seated quickly.Service was only fair - our food was prepared quickly but it took a long time for our waitress to check in with us, which only happened once or twice during out dinner.We shared a risotto ball appetizer, which was tasty but went quickly for three people. For entrees, we ordered a seafood scampi, chicken supreme, and pasta dish with ricotta and crushed tomatoes. The scampi was fairly good, but the seafood was chopped into tiny bits and it was hard to differentiate scallops from shrimp from whatever else might have been chopped up and added in. The tomato based sauce also did quite mesh with the fish flavored in the dish. The pasta dish was okay but lacked flavor and seasoning. The tomato sauce tasted pretty much liked crushed tomatoes from a can with no seasoning, and there didn't seem to be much cheese. The chicken supreme looked completely unappetizing and wasn't as advertise at all. Rather than an herb-crusted chicken breast with a side of asparagus, it was a huge chunk of bone-in chicken (with skin and no herbs or crust to speak of) over a bed of whatever green stuff they had laying around the kitchen - a mix of flavorless green beans, spinach stalks, and 2-3 stalks of asparagus.Additionally, for the quality of food and service we received, we grossly overpaid - the entrees seemed super overpriced (even accounting for the exchange rate from USD to CAD) and weren't particularly tasty.Overall, this place was just decent and a tad overpriced. We all agreed that we would not make an effort to return here, particularly with all of the other food options in the Old Montreal area.
4	I like a good pizza. Scratch that - I love a good pizza. It has gotten to the point where I am experimenting at home making my own... and getting decent success as I keep working out the kinks. It's not perfect but in the meantime, that is what good restaurants are for, am I right? Last month, following a wonderful few hours at La Mondiale de la Biere enjoying many many brews, my friends and I got the hankering for some pizza. Thinking about the options closest to us, I figured a visit to BEVO in the old port was in order. So we casually walked over ready to enjoy some good Italian cuisine.Located just off Place Jacques Cartier in the heart of the Old Port, BEVO visually is in keeping with many of the Old Port establishments - a mix of the old brick and stone foundations of the area buildings with some more modern elements to add some glam. In this case, BEVO uses red tinted glass around the atrium, a very large chandelier and an tile entry wait which includes a glass wine cellar. The first floor has a huge bar area where the backbar is lit up in red and the front of the actual bar is just a light box. Add an area where there are 70s-style hanging bubble chairs and you have a spot that is clearly a solid happy hour zone.On this occasion however, we were there too late for happy hour and too early for any late-night bar scene. The two dining areas are more straight forward than the bar - wooden tables and chairs, paper tablecloths with cute info-graphics about pizza making and red checkered napkins for that little old school Italian restaurant touch. On the first floor, the wood-fired pizza oven is visible for all to see and gets you excited for what is to come.Our first starter was salsiccia e Rapini - a house made sausage with garlic rapini. The sausages were delicious although a little small for my liking. Rapini is one of those vegetables you either love or hate - personally I am a fan of its bitterness. The combination of bitter with the garlic made a nice partner to the fatty sausages.The second starter was arancino - saffron parmesan risotto balls with meat ragu and mozzarella. The risotto ball itself had a good crust to it and that didn't come at the cost of drying out the risotto itself. It still had nice creaminess although I really didn't get any hint of saffron personally. The meat ragu draped over it had a nice meaty richness to it and paired very well to the ball itself. Like the previous starter, I just wanted more!Because one of the friends with me doesn't eat cheese (i know, i know.... i've tried to show him the error of his ways) we did order one non-pizza main dish: the cavatelli bolognese - dumplings, meat ragu and fresh parsley. Excellent plate of pasta - same delicious meat ragu as before with the perfectly cooked cavatelli. A little bit of parmesan would have been nice but that was a lost battle from the start in this case.Now we arrive to the main attraction: the pizzas. First up, I got the parma in blanco - prosciutto di parma, arugula and reggiano. This is probably my favourite pizza type when dealing with classic thin crust pizzas. The salty rich prosciutto, the pepper arugula, the sharp reggiano and a little bit of olive oil... a perfect balance of items on top of a pizza. However, all of that is wasted if the actual pizza isn't up to snuff. BEVO doesn't have that problem. The wood-fired oven gives a nice crispness to the bottom but allows for just enough rise to create some chewiness. A wonderful pizza.The other pizza we ordered was the cotto e bocconcini - prosciutto cotto, portobello, tomato sauce, mozzarella and bocconcini. Same solid crust as my pizza although this one had been cooked a little more as the extra charring around the edge demonstrated. The melted bocconcini brought some more creaminess compared to just the mozzarella and the earthy portobellos added some contrast from the prosciutto. Another excellent pizza.BEVO is a solid experience from beginning to end. Solid starters, delicious pizzas and good pasta. All the beers from Beerfest prior eliminated our desire to test the cocktail and wine lists which seemed interesting. There was also the temptation of the nutella pizza for dessert but we decided to pass. Just gives me another reason to return. If you are looking for a good pizza in the Old Port or just a place to go enjoy a drink and a quick bit, BEVO is worth your consideration.Cheers!
4	The location, decor, and service were great. Everyone was friendly and eager to please the patrons. I enjoyed my pizza but thought it was a tad too salty and my friend found the pizza to be a bit too spicy. All in all, I liked it and would go back.
5	I love the this place. Affordable prosecco. Delicious pizzas and pasta (and they have a nutella pizza). Gorgeous bar. Each time I went, the staff was really nice.
5	Great Pizza!Fresh made dough on site and fantastic toppings.  Went later after the sun went down and it cooled of nicely.Enjoyed this place in Old Montreal!
5	In a city of excellent food, this spot has to be one of my favorites! Recommended by friends and having received a top rating in the "Bitches Who Brunch" blog, I was excited to try this place. We had the house salad (monstrous, lightly dressed, and fresh) as well as the arancino to start. The single giant rice ball was nicely fried and had a deep cheese flavor and great crunch. It was served with a superb meat sauce that was not the usual ground beef bolognese. This sauce was rich and substantial. It makes me want to go back to try the pasta dishes! Topped with a cute pile of micro greens, the arancini was both delicious and pretty.The pizza was somewhere between a thin and thick crust with a delicious flavor and wonderful oven crunch. We added pepperoni to the basic marinara pizza. The pepperoni was richer and fuller tasting than most. It was also pleasantly spicy. Mmmmm!The space is fun, the service is polite, and the food is good despite being in an area full of tourist spots of dubious quality. Try Bevo. You'll love it!
4	Classy atmosphere and classy main courses :)  not a fan of their appetizers though ;) Nice wines as well.
3	First time in Montreal we decided to go here for a pizza,The location, decor were great and service was good. The waiter was friendly but when accidentally we broke a plate he didn't bring us a new one. Also they had an empty table when we arrived there but when we asked for a table at patio first they offered us a tall table set  under the lamp with a lot of flying things around it. Both appetizer and pizza were good but not excellent.
4	First stop in Montreal after reading some yelp reviews. The pizza really is as good as people say it is, and the staff is super friendly. We sat at the bar and had a couple drinks while we ate - they even turned on American college football for me. The interior is cool and they have outdoor seating, definitely worth a visit for lunch or dinner if you're in the area.
3	You go out to eat for an experience, great food enjoyed with great company. Tonight, I visited this restaurant expected phenomenal food and service based on reviews. At first, I was disappointed. Our server did not tend to us in a prompt manner. After much time elapsing, we ordered out beverages, appetizers and entrees at once. Service was slow and insincere. The antipasti di case was lacking in flavor and took forever to arrive. We also had to ask for plates to share the aps and waited a long period of time for this.During this time, water was filled in glasses and due to lack of care, they poured water I to our appetizer. We ordered three pizzas and one pasta. the pizzas were great but the pasta was very underdone. We sent it back.service was terrible and food was hit/miss. when we asked for our cheque, the manager came over and said it would be covered by the house. If they are willing to do that, they just usually be great. I'm going to take this as a one off and go back again. I appreciate the management but really wish the servers would be more attentive and friendly.
