4	We decided to eat for lunch. I picked the place b/c it said "breakfast until 2pm" and I was in the mood for eggs. It was a nice place when we went in. The food was pretty good and decently priced. My husband really liked the chicago deep dish pizza. Friendly Staff.
5	My husband and I, and our two children, love K O'Donnell's Bar and Grill.  Even though "bar" is part of the name, K O'Donnell's is great for families.  If you enjoy sports, this is the place to be... HD TV's everywhere, including in the dining area, but the volume is not overly loud.  The food is wonderful... you can't find a better burger in town for $8.50 (comes with a side, such as salad, fries, or onion rings - which are made perfectly and are delicious).  Our son always orders a slice of pepperoni pizza... it's huge... and only $2.  I've had the Teriyaki Chicken sandwich, which is also a great choice... tender chicken breast marinated in a tangy teriyaki sauce, a thick slice of grilled fresh pineapple, served on a toasted roll... with a side, for $8.50.  The service is awesome; soft drinks are refilled without asking.   The owner has personally greeted us at our table on multiple visits.  The servers pay special attention to kids.   When my son won a Little League championship game last year, and we stopped at K O'Donnell's to celebrate, the staff brought out a complimentary "make-your-own" ice cream sundae, with several small dishes of toppings such as M&M's, sprinkles, chocolate syrup, etc.   My son was thrilled and, needless to say, we keep coming back, knowing that the staff will take care of us.  They just expanded an inviting outdoor patio and we hear that they host live entertainment on Friday and Saturday nights.   I can't say enough about this place... come check it out for yourself, you won't be disappointed.
5	ATTENTION ALL PIZZA LOVERS-  not you fake pizza lovers who think real pizza is pizza hut or papa johns -  this place has outstanding pizza. i'm originally from the northeast and i can't stand fake or fast food pizza. i've been on a mission for 25 years to find the best pizza in arizona. this place is in my top 2 of all pizzas  i've had in 30 years here. it's a cool place with lots plasmas around the restaurant and bar. the restaurant and bar are separated so you can go here for drinks with friends and be stupid or sit with your family and have a great dining experience in the restaurant.  it's sports orientated. the pizza is large and just all around back east. really authentic flavor.  the ribs are really good. they have a full menu of italian, ribs, chicken, burgers, appetizers, etc... . during happy hour, which is 7 days a week, you can get half off appetizers whether you are sitting in the bar or restaurant. good, fun, quality place. great food all the way around. great place to watch sports.
4	My office is right down the street from here and it is definitely in my list of go to's for the nearby lunch circuit. The atmosphere is nice... Definitely a sports bar but I like how the dining area is separated from the bar. Both the bar area and restaurant feed out to the large patio which has mist system for summer and a nice fireplace for the cooler temps. I'm not sure if they use that though cause I've only been there for lunch. The service is friendly and usually you can get sat and eat pretty fast. Everything I've had on the menu has been pretty good and the people that I've been here with have said the same. They have some specialty items along with the usual sandwiches, burgers, pizza, etc. I would recommend this place to people looking for a nice sit down lunch spot. I don't know that I would to go hang out to watch a game because I've never been there other than lunch and don't know what the crowd is like or if they are busy. I know they have some special events also. I think the owner is a pro poker player so they have poker nights and other events that look to be pretty fun time.
1	Great place for yeasty pizza crust and rubbin' elbers with folks who find Outback Steakhouse too snooty.
4	Kid Menu Friendly: YES Crayons & Paper" NO :( We recently went back to K O'Donell's recently and enjoyed having dinner. They don't have coloring paper or crayons, do don't forget to take your own. I seem to forget every time we go, thank goodness for the Nintendo DS. Kids drinks as an OK size, you just have to ask for kids size. NO attitude from wait staff, waiter because we had kids. Will definitely return...with the kids!
4	I'll give this place 4 stars because in the handful amount of times I've been, I've never been disappointed either with the food, or temperature of the beer :) Even better, the first place in AZ I've found that has a "Taco Tuesday" (Which means dollar something oversize taco's for all you who don't know)One thing really blew my mind about this place though, the crabcakesHUH???Perhaps it was Mr. Daniels talking but when we got our crabcakes as an appetizer they were not only cooked perfectly but tasted pretty amazing considering were sitting in the middle of the desert and your average run of the mill establishment.Being in my careless state I failed to ask (but pretty much know the answer to it anyways) if the crabcakes were brought in or made in house, being that my assumption is brought in, whoever their supplier is sure knows how to make a good one!
5	Love KO's!  Fun, friendly sevice, everything I've had there is good.  Try the southwest salad.Also really good chicken wings.Only holdout on the menu, italian sausage sandwich, the sausage was more english than italian... i.e. really no flavor.Aside form that, burgers have been great, appetizers, jummy, and for those days when I'm really wanting comfort food, fried Walleye!!!
5	Lot's have already pointed out the many great things about KO's but here are a few more.  1. They have fun and unique events.  Like King Kamehameha birthday, where they had a Hawaiian themed party.  White Trash Night, $1 PBR's and Schlitz. On Kentucky Derby day they have Mint Julep's and other fun drink specials.  Not to mention the St. Patrick's day blow out. 2. The food is very good as many people have mentioned, but my favorite thing on the menu is Harold's Green Chile and eggs.  I love this dish for breakfast with fresh tortillas and black beans.  Awesome! 3. If you live in one of the many apartment communities in the vicinity they have a free shuttle back and forth to your front door. That is very handy , and the driver John is a heck of a nice guy and a great driver. Oh, and one more thing about the shuttle bus.  Great name.  "The Lord's Temple"  they bought it from a church.  What once was a shuttle hauling the faithful to Sunday school now carries drunks home safely.  What could be better than that?
3	I have had lunch there many times and have always been happy with the food and service, but today everything was just OK at best.  The fish and chips had no taste!  It needed a ton of salt and tarter just to eat it.
5	This is a GREAT place to eat! One of my favorite lunch stops as you can see if you follow my facebook photos "Lunch With Stew". My favorite thing there is the Buffalo Chicken Pizza. mmmmm, mmm. Kevin O'Donnell is from the Texas Hold'em family of final tables and occasionally will play the tour. Super great guy and he also has a super great restaurant and sports bar.
4	I really like the cobb or chef salad.... very well presented and perfect amount of bacon, hard boiled eggs, and all the good salad fixin's. It was a beautiful salad!
3	Usually I enjoy Ko's but the service was unusually poor this afternoon. I would stay away from the "spring salad" .. not so "springy" this time around.
5	Went to K O'Donnell's yesterday to watch college football and really enjoyed myself.  They have sound boxes so that you can hear your game and the bartenders are very attentive.  I had a salad which was very tasty.  But the BEST thing about this place is that they have a free van that will pick you up from your house and take you back home when you are good and sauced.  This is a brilliant idea in a city where you have to drive 50 million miles to get anywhere and DUI checkpoints are every 10 feet.  BRILLIANT!
3	Big, suburban, sports bar. Vey average bar food at average prices. About 20 TV's. You know the place. Sounds like a total 2 star rating to you?  Me too. But really cheap drink prices earns a third.
3	If you want a sit-down restaurant for a quick lunch, this is a good place to head. They have some nice (and different) sandwich and salad options including a turkey and brie sandwich and a "biltmore" salad with blue cheese, corn, and baked chicken. My biggest gripe is that they keep changing suppliers for their food! My husband and I tend to head here before the movies maybe about once a month. They seem to really have the food down...and then they change it up (have seen this on everything from fries to tortilla chips.) Also, if you are looking for a quiet lunch, don't go during a sports game! This place gets pretty noisy with the 20+ TVs going and the fans cheering.
2	I just don't get it.  This place feels like a TGI Fridays. Okay, maybe the food is a little better, but it just feels tired and outdated to me.  I've heard the breakfasts are good and I've never tried them, but I've just never been impressed.
3	I hang out on restaurant patios as much as possible this time of year. This place has a huge covered patio, which is always a plus in AZ. The restaurant is located in a high traffic area, but I really didn't hear any of the noise from the traffic. I came here for happy hour and it was busy. They have lots of high tops outside, but they quickly fill up if you come around five o'clock. The crowds dwindled down outside by about 6-6:30 pm, which is great if you want to sit on the patio and take advantage of their happy hour.  They have discounts on drinks and apps are 25% off from 3-7 pm  Mon-Fri. They also have other drinks specials that change everyday.It started getting a little chilly once the sun set, but they started a fire in the outdoor fireplace which was surrounded by some pretty comfortable chairs and a love seat, another plus. Didn't try any food, but the menu looked pretty good (standard American food) and the prices looked reasonable. Looks like a great lunch spot. I'll have to come back and have something to eat next time.
4	AWESOME bar! The food is not great with the exception of the pizza slices served late night (for a buck!!!), but the drinks are good and they usually have great specials. The best part is the bus that will take you home for free if you live within a few miles and can not drive yourself. The bus makes this bar top notch in my eyes!
3	I so wanted to bump them up to 4 stars because my sliders were very tasty, but I just couldn't because of the service. The girls on my team at work get together once a month to have lunch together. This month we decided to take advantage of the beautiful weather and have lunch on KO's patio. There would be 6 of us going out to lunch. I didn't know how busy they get during lunch time, so I called the day before our lunch outing to make reservations on the patio. We arrived on time and the hostess took us out to our tables. They have a huge covered patio that fits at least 8 tables and only 2 of them were taken at this time and they sit is in the one area that is not covered. Although we wanted to take advantage of the weather we are all in business clothes and didn't want to go back to work sweaty and possibly sunburned since we apparently had not come prepared with sunblock. I ask the hostess to please sit us under the covered patio and she huffed and puffed and said she would have to move tables. Ok, that's fine by me, thanks. Finally we got our table. After reviewing the menu for a bit we all order and then we wait. And wait. And wait. The restaurant did not appear to be too busy, maybe 2 more tables were seated outside (not sure about inside) in the 25-30 minutes we waited for sandwiches, sliders, a burger, and a salad. Nothing that should have taken more than 10 minutes (15 max) to make. So unfortunately, half of our lunch hour was spent waiting for our food. Luckily everyone loved their meals. I had the sliders (mixed the different kinds) and they were all great. The bread was soft and all the meats (pulled pork, prime rib, Asian chicken) were moist and flavorful. I'll certainly come back here for lunch because it's right across the street from my work and their patio is nice (especially those chairs at the high tops), but they just need to make sure orders don't take as long to come out during the lunch hour as many people only have an hour they can take off. And please always offer people the covered patio first before you try to leave them out in the sun.
4	Happened upon KOs after visiting the Scottsdale Gun Club.  Was pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff and quality of food.  My brother and I sat at the bar and though they were pretty busy for a Saturday afternoon our bartender was on top of it.  The burger was obviously fresh and not frozen, the pizza had good flavor and a ton of toppings.  The place is not going to blow you away with design or atmosphere, but for a neighborhood sports bar the food is much better than Zipps or Goldies.  Our excitement for the day was your typical 30 year old self entitled Scottsdale male make scene about being charged for the extra tortillas he wanted for his leftovers to go.  Both the bartender and manager handled his temper tantrum well and receive high marks for their patience and professionalism.  Next time we decide to go shooting, we'll be stopping into KOs again!
4	I felt the need to update my 1st post about KOs. Like I said before I eat there a lot and I like it a lot, so to have given it 3 stars based on 1 bad trip out of many is not fair. I feel that too many people on Yelp do what I have done. People are creatures of habit and eat at the same place a lot. No body remembers the positive things, and are too fast to comment about a bad experience. KOs is A OK in my book. I'll be back soon!
4	Omg!  The King's Cakes are nothing short of amazing.  Pancakes with peanut butter, chocolate and bananas.  It makes a pancake neutral person find love!  Yummy.  Omelette was good too.  Service was ok.
4	We got here around midnight last Friday... the place was dead. However, they were still serving food and we enjoyed some well made pub grub. Service was friendly, quality cocktails were served, and the atmosphere is derived from an old Uno's, which certainly works for a sports bar. It being located in a somewhat commercial area, I can see why it's empty so late on a Friday. From what my friends tell me - this is a great spot for happy hour, and it stays relatively busy thru 10pm.*UPDATE - Great patio for day-drinking on the weekends!
1	Hard to say much about this experience pleased me. We got there later on at night, around 10pm or so, and waited at the door for at least 5 minutes (by the please wait to be seated sign) before deciding to walk up to the bartender. She said, ''Oh, sit anywhere," and handed us menus. So we headed outside, picked a table, and then sat for about 10 minutes before anyone came up to us. When a server finally did come up, she was far from pleasant, seemed more annoyed than anything that we were there, and took our order. Food came fast, but was sub-par, and then we sat and waited again for her to even check on us. Let's just say her tip reflected it.
5	So I eat at KO's like 2 or 3 times a week for lunch. But a guy has got to mix it up occasionally and get outside the box.  So twice this week I ventured off to other places in the Airpark for lunch.  What does this have to do with KO's you might wonder? Well it reminded me of what makes a great restaurant.  All of the restaurants in the airpark are busy at lunch time. What makes Kevin and Jim do such a good job is that they have enough staff on duty to handle the amount of customers they have. They are adequately staffed.  Twice this week when I was cheating on KO's I had to wait and wait for my check to arrive.  I never have that problem at KO's. Also my drink never gets below half empty before they top me off.  I can't eat at KO's every single day of the week. I try, but on the days I don't I always regret it.
3	Very mediocre, very salty, very large portions. Meh.
3	I went here for lunch and enjoyed my meal.The meatball sandwich had lots of tasty meatballs and a nice tomato sauce.  The sweet potato fries were very good as well.This is a convenient place for lunch if you are in the Airpark.I'll have to give them a try for happy hour in the future.
4	I first stopped at this place for a quick bite to eat right after happy hour began.  It was pretty a random choice, since I was in the area, and simply wanted something quick and easy before I headed to Golfsmith.  Since it wasn't busy, I wandered around, and was pleasantly surprised by the place.  The staff was friendly, the patio was nice, and all tables and seats had good views of the TVs.  The menu was extensive, and you could find almost anything you had a taste for.I had the chicken fingers appetizer with the blackened cajun spice, and they did a first rate job with the seasoning.  Although some places tone down their seasoning, the spice mixture was just right. Although it might be spicy for some tastes, it was just like I cook at home - and very rarely found in a restaurant.  They also had a nice selection of draft beer.I have since been back several time, and have tried both their pizza and pulled pork.  Both were very well prepared, especially for bar food.  The place was very busy the last two times I was there, but it was very well staffed, and plenty of servers to handle the volume of people. As has been noted by others, they also have a shuttle bus, which is a definite plus. It will pick you up and take you home.   I have never used it, but I have talked with others that have, and they all love it.  It is great that the restaurant has that option available.
4	What can I say...I really like this place for an after-work hangout.  The patio is awesome and draft prices are pretty solid.  The real winner here is their grilled chicken wings.  As far as wings go these have some of the best flavor in the valley.  The live music is a great intention but gets a little loud when you're trying to hang out and talk with friends.
5	I love this place!   It's close to my office so I probably frequent it once a week for lunch.    They have a varied menu so there are plenty of options for all palates.    While a burger is usually my staple here, I was feeling froggy today and decided to change it up.   I ordered the grilled chicken wings and they were delicious.    Plus, I love the fact that the owner walks around ensuring his customers are happy.  Haven't done a happy hour here yet but it's on the list...
3	I happened upon this place by accident.  My phone was being repaired at the Sprint store and I had to kill a couple hours.  I'm on holidays and didn't want to drive around, so I stopped into the bar for a couple beers.I did not eat.   The server was very friendly and efficient.  She chatted when I made conversation.  I really can't give a full review since I didn't eat, but I did enjoy the bar and the patio was beautiful!They also have a shuttle service if you drink too much and need a rid home.
1	Have been going to this place for about 2 years because it was close by and had decent food.  The wait staff has always been extremely great and very pleasant.  Unfortunately I will never go to this place ever again and will tell everyone I know to do the same.  Their food has gotten extremely bad...too much salt on the all breakfast food and everything else is not cooked properly.  They just put out a new menu and raised their prices by over a dollar.  Pretty sure he did that because of his other failed businesses...a mortgage company that tanked along with other real estate investments.  They don't take reservations...or I was told that when I called to make some.  So we showed up an hour early to get a good seat for the football game.  I sat at a table and then I was told to move because someone had reservations.  So we moved to another table.  Then at this table we were told to move again because of reservations.  Then we finally got a table in their back room.  So we were all watching the football games and enjoying our overpriced food and watered down drinks.  Then with about 5 minutes left to go in the game we were told that we had to leave because someone else had reservations at our table and the Owner and Manager didn't even have the guts to tell us this themselves.  They made a tiny 19yr old girl come up to 10 guys to tell them to move.  She started to cry because she felt so bad to tell us and still no help from management.  Completely classless establishment.  We offered to share our table but they wanted us to move somewhere else entirely.  If that wasn't enough, my wife and her friend were out on the patio getting some air and over heard the owner talking badly about us using profanity all over. What a classy man talking about the people who keep him in business.  What's the funniest part of everything.....the people that wanted the reservations weren't even eating or drinking.
2	The best part of this place is the wait staff. They make the place and it's a good thing because the food seems to be deteriorating with every visit. It is close to home, so I am hoping that they improve the food.
3	I've been here to eat before, but not in some time.  I swung by here after the horse show on Saturday with John C as we were starving, and he had wanted an alcoholic beverage. I figured it was time to stop in and eat here since its been a while for me.This place has a decent menu, with a variety of menu items and a full bar of drinks to choose from.  We were in here on a Saturday around 5ish, and there was hardly anyone in the place...just a family sitting kitty corner to us, and maybe one or two partons in the bar.  Kinda dead for a Saturday, in my opinion.Service here was good, and John C had a bloody mary and some quesadias. I went with the sliders appitizer, and we both went with sweet potato fries.  Alcohol prices were reasonable, but the place was darn near empty.Anyways, I got my K O'donnells fix for now, and Im glad I went.  Left feeling full, and had some tasty sweet potato fries in the mean time!
2	Short version? Not a horrible place for lunch - their food is good - but their recent price increase and changes have pushed them over the edge of a place that's worth going to. There are better options.My office is close, and i've been eating there on a fairly regular basis for about the last 4 years, but it's now officially out of my rotation for good. In addition to prices going up, they've also changed their available items you can get as a side with things like sandwiches and burgers. Used to be you could get a small side salad in exchange for fries, if you wanted a healthy option. Not any more. (still have a couple other options - cottage cheese, for example.) And i would generally be okay with this change, if they would give you fair warning. Instead of notifying me that the salad i asked for would be extra, they just charged me $3.99, which seems a bit much for a side salad. In addition, they didn't bring the fries (or ask what side i actually wanted) that were suppose to come with the turkey burger. Overcharged and shorted a side item - nice! Like i said, the actual food is good, which counts for something i suppose, but it's not good enough. Not enough to pay $18 (after tip) for a side salad, turkey burger, and glass of water. No thanks.
5	I love this place. It's close to home and we go there often. they are very accommodating and the drinks are reasonable and the food is very good. It was great to find a good sports bar here in Scottsdale.  The pizza is fantastic if you haven't tried it before. The Prime Rib Wrap is great.Burgers (including the turkey burger) are awesomeThe grilled wings are awesome as well. Also, they have a good brunch on the weekends.
4	Was looking for a place that delivers Pizza and found this joint on Yelp.  I ordered a small Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza w/Jalapenos on 1/2 ($10.95 plus $1.75 for each topping).The Pizza was delivered pretty quickly.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wEc4JE2NYQr1RnGjGr4q7w?select=YteH1pH5LJEpwG07ZX3N9Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wEc4JE2NYQr1RnGjGr4q7w?select=HlzLd9Q8thIf0PZ33AgRuwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wEc4JE2NYQr1RnGjGr4q7w?select=-8ecQVJPSRa3WlsKLsTbIQI took one bite out of a slice and instantly became a fan!  The Sausage had a nice balance of flavors...slightly sweet, but very good.  The Jalapenos are on the spicy side, which is how I like it.....for some people, it may be too much.Overall, it was a solid Pizza.Return Factor - 100%
4	I love KOs !  Patio dIning is the best,  Fire Pit , flat screens and misters. Great selection of beers and excellent nachos.  Friendly Service and Very Relaxing place to chill out.  The view is lacking to streets or parking lot, so just enjoy the company you are with.
4	Yes, I am a fan. Particularly of the brunches! They bake their pancakes which makes them ooooh so good. The King's cakes are delicious and are baked with bananas and chocolate in them and served with peanut butter (which I'm personally not a fan of). The portions are very very generous. On a nice day, the patio is great. Comfy seats, evap cooler outside, misting system. Most people don't know about their brunches I assume, since the entire place was empty when we were there at 10am. The dinners are great as well. The pulled pork sandwich and their pizzas are surprisingly good! It definitely has a commercial feel to it, but I believe it's a local business which I'm all for.
3	I really have mixed feelings about this place, for a sports bar it has really good food, although as a restuarant the food is overpriced for what you get.  The service is generally good. The beer selection is horrific for a bar with a lot of taps. Lots of beers like blue moon, coors light, guinness but really lacking anything with any real flavor. With all the many good beers available in Phoenix it sucks when you have a place that has so much potential but it just won't step up to the plate and offer good craft beer to go along with their food. One bonus is the free shuttle to your house. Desserts are not on the menu but are available and are delicious.
3	From reading all the other reviews that rave about the food, I feel I might have set myself up for failure. The Prime Rib Wrap was pretty good, but I was the unlucky got that got a lot of the fatty tough meat. The flavoring and cooking temp where spot on, I think I just got the bad spot in the roast.I'm the guy that always orders straight horseradish because I like the heat. Well, I was pleasantly surprised that their creamed horseradish had the perfect blend of heat and smooth creaminess. The french fries you can tell are freshly handcut in house. Unfortunately, they were soggy from the frying oil. I might have just had a bad luck experience. I will tell you though, the service was fantastic. Because of the service and some the positive attributes of the food, I will give this place another try. I suspect that I won't be disappointed.
1	1 star- why? The food wasn't too bad. My husband had the fish tacos which were good. I ordered the Sicilian Stuffed Chicken, but get this... it's not even stuffed. I had food envy.Anyway, the waitress was super busy and I had to wave her down everytime I needed something. We went there tonight after Costco. Kid's eat free on Sundays. I've never even been there, so I didn't know. The waitress "forgot" to take the kid's meals off. It's advertised on the colorable menus. Then when I gave her my Groupon, she said she couldn't accept it. Now mind you, we ordered a couple of rounds of alcoholic drinks, so our bill wasn't low. And no where on the Groupon did it say that it couldn't be used with a special. A Groupon would normally state that.After I am "allowed" to use my Groupon, I won't go back there again. We go out several times a week out to eat, and I'd rather spend my money somewhere else. The food was decent, but I definitely wouldn't rave about it. The waitress took almost 20 minutes to get our bill situated. My husband was annoyed that we were waiting for so long. The owner, who was very nice, had to close out our check and bring us a box. We never even saw the waitress again. Way to go!Oh, and it was the same temperature inside as it was outside. I guess they're really doing that bad and can't turn on the air conditioner. My 2 year old was sweating for the first time.
4	Love, love, love their buffalo grilled wings and buffalo chicken strips.  The only other thing I've had was the pizza and it was, eh, okay.They do have a great happy hour, if you like margaritas.  Service is good.
5	I have recently added KO's to the regular dinner rotation since the food, drinks, service and pricing is excellent. I don't know why it's taken me 2 years to try this place out.I recently heard this saying, "Happy Wife, Happy Life". My wife loves this place. She always orders the $4 Bruschetta during Happy Hour. She loves the tomato mix that you put on the bruschetta, which is lightly coated with cheese. She usually only orders the Bruschetta. Now that's what I'm talking about; a date that is not only very easy on the eyes, but very easy on the wallet.I love the burgers and fries. They are tasty and just the right amount of food. The Potato Skins are a win as well during the $4 happy hour. The beer is actually cold, just the way I like it when I used to hide my Stroh's in the snow during those High School days. I had the pork lover's pizza during my last visit. A very flavorable concoction of a tangy barbeque base and generously adorned with onions, mangos, shredded pork, canadian bacon, pineapple, jalapenos and mozzarella cheese. I may have missed an ingredient or two, but this pizza was loaded and outstanding.The outdoor patio is large and inviting but a little too smoky for me. The hostesses, the wait staff and the owners are all very friendly and check on you all the time. They actually care that you're having a good time.
5	They have a shuttle bus 6-2 a.m.!!!  Woohoo, can't beat that! Happy hour til 7!!  Woohoo, can't beat that!Poker tues/thurs!!  Woohoo, can't be that!A+ Brushetta!! Woohoo, can't beat that!Service not to shabby!! Woohoo, can't beat that!
5	For a sports bar, Ko's is about as good as it gets. Good food. Very friendly service. They have a dog friendly patio. Reasonable prices for N Scottsdale.  And no matter what your request, the staff will try to help out. This is an important aspect of a sports bar where patrons are all scrambling to get the game they want on the nearest TV. Ko's does a great job of juggling all these requests.
5	Just had dinner there with a friend.  Friendly wait staff, good food, decent prices, and close to the Scottsdale Gun Club where my friend and I like to go shooting.They seated us quickly at a nice table and our waitress was there quickly to ask about drinks and appetizer.  The appetizer did come out wrong as we made a special request for it, but they quickly took it back and brought us out another one the way we ordered it.  The meals we ordered were very good and I intend to go back.  I especially enjoyed my fish taco's as it is hard to find a place that makes good ones.I will definitely go back there again!
4	Dear Sports Bar Elves, please open up a sports bar like this in other locations (like Old Town) around the Valley. The end. Ok not really, but I do wish more sports bars like these existed around town. K O'Donnell's is the perfect mixture of sports bar meets grill. There are plenty of locations to sit and enjoy a meal, but there are tvs everywhere you turn so if someone wants to watch a game they can do so. In addition to the grill, there is a large bar area with a spacious patio, plus they even have a back room dedicated to poke and with plenty of poke tables. The food here is good and better than average bar food. The bruschetta is delicious and should be called garlic, cheesy, fluffy bruschetta. I had the Cobb salad which was also tasty and combined a side of blue cheese dressing with the balsamic vinaigrette. This is definitely an excellent choice for weekend night drinks or weekday happy hour or dinner.
4	Fun place to watch games on TV during recent trip to Scottsdale. Went to O'Donnell's right after playing 18 holes of golf and had very nice lunch and watched NFL game.Very passionate fans in attendance and food was surprisingly good. Would definitely come back.
3	Very good service, food was pretty good, liked the atmosphere as well. Doesn't stand out that much, as far as being exceptional food or anything unique or different, hence the 3 star rating. Would go back again... in a year.
4	Came here for the trivia on a Wednesday. Nice atmosphere. They have a lot of flat screen tvs playing sports so I would probably go here to catch a game. Not sure if they play any PPV fights. Although the happy hour choices were a bit smaller than other establishments, what they offered were of good quality. They also had some good beer.
4	Whenever I feel a surge of testosterone, that unmistakable wave of manliness washing over me, I go to the Scottsdale Gun Club. What's that got to do with K O'Donnell's?Plenty.After my testosterone ridden shooting session, I mosey on into K's, (less than a hundred feet from the Gun Club) for some brews and people watching, where both are above average.The patio looks cool but I don't like going out there since there are a plethora of typical Scottsdale men, (douche-nozzles) sitting out there smoking what appear to be giant horse dicks. The food, mainly bar fare, is good, but the chicken sandwich is terrific. The ambiance is friendly and the bartenders are attentive. Not "I'll listen to how screwed-up your life is and pretend like I give-a-shit" attentive, more like refilling my beer when I still have half a glass remaining. They're also skilled at knowing when to cut you off and politely ask you to leave when they hear you bragging about how you just won forty dollars from some guy in the men's room for target peeing into a cup from four feet away. One would think that would get you a free beer.I guess times are changing.
1	Horrible service. Its sad to say this but when you are going there to watch a football game and you cant even get a refill on your drink because your waitress has gone and disappeared and doesnt return to check on you. I waited and hour for me to get a drink. I waited 45 minutes just to get the check. She aslo said that when she came back with the check she would give us raffle tickets to put in....Never came back with those tickets. I think this girl should be fired i was upset to the point were i got up and walked out. She didnt deserve a tip but i gave her one. Her name is Angela. I was there on the night of the super bowl game. I will be back to that restaurant no doubt but I cant believe that someone would hire someone like that. Horrible service.
5	There are so many good things about KO's ... I don't know where to start!  First, the food is excellent and reasonably priced.  The service is great, too! When I go in, I feel like the waitresses and bartenders have been my friend for ages.  Robbie is my go-to bartender, and recently was served by a girl Angela who was so great!  A couple reviews down someone talked about getting bad service and I feel like they have no idea what they are talking about.  I've had bad service before, but never EVER at KO's!
5	Food and service is great! Always been a good time.
2	For the record: I'm just not that into salmonella. We hit this place on a Wed after work for some snacks and a beer. We needed a fun place to go to fairly quickly because we have a little one that hits the sack early. It was still happy hour -it goes until 7, so that goes in the plus column, so we ordered quesadillas ($4 on hh menu) and a cobb salad to share. The quesadillas were really only worth about $4- two of the pieces had nothing but cheese in them. The two pieces in the middle had some tomatoes, green onions and black beans. Definitely not worth the more than $4 they normally are. Then, our salad showed up with chicken that was completely raw in the middle. All the way through every slice- RAW, PINK, JELLY. We sent it back and the server was pretty apologetic. When it arrived, the manager brought it and literally all he was was, "Sorry," and dropped it off at the table. Maybe I'm a snob, but if I had almost made an entire family  seriously ill, I would have offered to pay for the salad. We will probably skip this place and just hit Four Peaks from here on out.
4	Great family oriented restaurant/bar where the staff is friendly and he food is good.  Kevin and his team always take good care of their customers.
4	Nice place - drank at the bar and the bartenders were super cool - I'll go again.
4	This place has more than pizza and nachos...Great food prepared lightning fast. You will love the wings and wraps.
2	There is nothing really stand out about this place.  The service is crap, the food is overpriced and underflavored and its expensive for bar food.  I believe this place is frequented as it has prime real estate right on Northsight and you can see it from the road.  Aside from that there is nothing.  Go to one of the neighboring establishments and you will fair better.
4	Went here last night with coworkers.  Great happy hour prices.  Nice atmosphere.  Definitely a chill casual sports bar feel. Just got bar food but it was good.  Looking forward to going back for poker or trivia.
4	KO's is a great place for lunch during the work week! You get to be in a bar in the middle of the day (which is great), the place isn't crowded and service is prompt, and there are a lot of healthy options on the menu. All of the salads are great. They are big and they are full of fresh vegetables & good lettuce. I particularly like the southwestern salad and would recommend it to anyone as a satisfying lunch. It's full of cheese and tortillas strips which makes every bite taste yummy without making the salad heavy. I never eat dressing on my salads however the chipotle aioli type dressing that came with the southwestern salad was amazing and worth all the calories.The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is cause there were random chunks of chicken in what was supposed to be a vegetarian salad. Otherwise the service was good and we weren't interrupted unnecessarily, which seems to happen a lot in Arizona when I go to work lunches.
3	I am really conflicted about KO's.  It's right across the street from my gym and the happy hour prices and food are good.  I also love going in for the bottomless mimosas on Saturdays and Sundays.  The sandwiches are delicious, but overpriced. The waitresses are usually pretty unresponsive, but the bartenders seem to be okay service-wise.  They provide a drunk bus, which takes you home (up to 5 miles) and has to be its best feature!  Management is HORRIBLE, both to customers and servers.  I can't tell you how many times I've complained about chicken being undercooked and the management saying that it wasn't actually undercooked (who argues with customers over something like that?) or never coming to the table to apologize.  I've witnessed two different waitresses cry on two separate occassions because of management yelling at them.  I would also venture that the wings are probably some of the worst I've ever had.  They are grilled and usually burned, overly salted, void of taste (although the salt and burned chicken flavor tends to come through), and almost always pink inside. All-in-all, I would say going to watch football on Saturday and Sunday mornings is probably your best bet.  Going during Happy Hour, especially on trivia night, isn't the worst plan either. Other than that, you could do better.
5	My quick summary-  Normal bar food taken to a whole 'nother level.I rarely travel to this neighborhood in Scottsdale, but when I do, I always stop at KO's.  This is a nice, friendly neighborhood bar.  The owner is a nice guy, the staff is always friendly & courteous.  They have fun activities, like poker tournaments, on certain days.  They have TVs in every inch of the restaurant, so you never miss a game.  You can easily spend a couple hours here.The menu is pretty amazing.  They have your basic bar food like potato skins, burgers, sandwiches, etc.  But, the manage to elevate their food to something surprising and unexpected.  Their chicken sandwich with pesto & cheese, so good & unexpected for a location like this.  Yet simple enough to make you wonder why other places can't manage good food like this.  I maintain their sweet potato fries are the best in the valley.  Their mac & cheese is worth the calories and cholesterol.I ordered their grilled cheese one day, without tomatoes.  When it came, they forgot & added them by mistake.  Didn't bother me, I was willing to take them off.  But the waiter took it back, had them make me fresh one, and then took it off the bill.  All without me asking.An excellent place to watch the big game or just pop in for a quick lunch.
3	I'm taking my rating down from 5 to 3 stars because K O'Donnell's food has been inconsistent the last couple of times I have been there. I was really disappointed with the Forgetaboutit pizza this past weekend. It looked to me that the cook forgot to put Italian Sausage on the pizza. The artichoke was cut in fourths instead of in tinier slices to be spread upon the pizza. Yes, I complained to the server. But she explained to me that the ingredients are measured out. I think that the cook was sloppy and lazy and sent me an inferior product. The server, who was new, had no concept of what this pizza should look like. In fact, I didn't see any of the old timer servers in the dinning room when I was there. They would have rectified the situation. I don't know why management didn't show up, they would have immediately known that the pizza was just not right. I've been going to K O's about once every 10 days; I am definitely cutting back on my patronage.
4	K'Os is a great place to go for happy hour. They have awesome specials and the drink prices aren't bad at all. I've been here multiple times, and I have never had bad service. The patio is a dog friendly patio, which is nice. We go there for the sports games because there are 6 different tv's outside playing the different games, and you can get a little sound box for your table that will play the audio for the game you want to watch, which I thought was super cool. If you're looking to have some fun and watch a game and have some drinks, I would suggest you try K'Os.
5	I go to a lot of sports bars since I am a big for of both adult beverages and sporting events. I went here with a group of friends to watch some football and enjoy some food and drinks. We were on the patio, where they had several big screen TVs with the games. The service, drinks and food were all great, but the thing that put this place over the edge was the atmosphere. Everyone there was having a great time and seemed like a genuine sports fan. I wish I lived closer so I could visit this place more often.
3	Decent sports bar as long as you are not a fan of AZ sports.  I went there to watch a Cardinals game and they had about 10 TV's, none of them on the Cardinals game and some transplant was hogging two TV's watching non-Cardinals games.  The food is pretty decent, service is good, but I am just not down with a place that doesn't promote local teams.  It is a sports bar full of transplants that like different teams, no thanks.
5	Made it out on Saturday afternoon for a poker tournament. Hadn't seen a few folks for a while as I live on the other side of the world. Had the big burger, with string onions...Burger was great with some provolone added. More than filling, tried some Orange Stoli with 7up, that was also great. Wish I lived closer, I'd drop by more often. Lots of cute gals there too, including my server Valerie who took great care of me, even offered a sample of their bloddy mary mix.
4	Had a delicious dinner last night, excellent service from Sam, prompt, courteous and friendly.  Unfortunately, the restaurant is dirty. My husband noted when we entered the restaurant that the glass front door was dirty. When we were seated we noticed that the seats were torn.  Once in our booth he pointed out how dirty the decorative towel rack was as well as the other items on the table.  So, while the food was really tasty, we may think twice about returning, and certainly would not take anyone there with us. It's to bad because the restaurant is perfect in so many other ways and we especially liked the neighborhood feel it has.
1	Worst experience ever. Leslie the "manager" should find another career. This place dropped the ball on my order hard, leaving us not only hungry, but made  me look really bad with my co workers. Do NOT order food from here if it matters.
3	I like K O'Donnell's, it's A-OK.We have been here a few times, most recently last week. The food is basic sports bar stuff and good. We've enjoyed the Pizza, Burgers, Loaded Nachos, Quesadilla, Fries, Potato skins, Onion rings, et cettera. BTW, they have a nice selection of  beers on tap. I particularly like their Pale Ale/IPAs, including Sierra Nevada. The bar area has about seven or eight TVs going.  Just for fun, count the remotes near the cash register.For some, one of the pluses of coming to KO's is the benefit of their shuttle bus. It's for those who need a ride home, and really don't want to take the chance of having a personal fitting for one of Sheriff Joe's pink jump suits. LOL  Also, be on the lookout for those blue envelopes that come in the mail... they have coupons for KO's inside.
3	We went here on a Friday night on a recommendation, and it was dead. We sat on the patio and had some food, which is definitely better than standard bar fare but not amazing. The waitress looked like she couldn't wait to go home. Beer selection didn't wow me either.
5	As good as chuck e cheese pizza
5	ill give it 5 stars since they fired the bartender Robbie!
5	I've now been here twice in 2 weeks. Had a blast with some coworkers for lunch. Food is great and quick and the beer is cold - have some cool selections that you wouldn't expect. I ate the chicken pot pie my first time and it was huge and delicious. The next time I had the breakfast burger which was awesome - how can you go wrong with grilled onions, thousand island dressing, bacon and a fried egg.
4	I have been here a lot as I lived almost walking distance of it for years.  Unfortunately I haven't been back since they added some new beers, I've heard they now have an IPA which is great to hear.  KO's is a true family owned bar and restaurant which is now run by his daughter.  This is something that I value personally because in Scottsdale everything is corporate.  KO himself is a great guy, and as I result I like spending my money there.  They have poker nights which are always fun along with trivia night which is surprisingly fun.In terms of food, this is one of those places that has a rather large menu.  Normally I would criticize this but in KO's case I love it.  Often times my girl and I can't figure out what we want for dinner and in those cases heading to KO's is the best option.  You can get Mexican, American, Italian, or whatever you want from the menu.  I've never had a bad meal here and I've ordered just about everything off the menu at this point.  The honey hot wings are my favorite of any wings I've had in the valley and surprisingly the pizza here is very good too.  The sandwiches are great, my girl's go to menu item is the Turkey Bacon Swiss (TBS) which I would recommend myself.  The sweet potato frys here are probably the best I've had in the valley, it one of the few places that actually get them crispy.The patio is great here, KO allows and sells cigars which I like.  It almost like hanging out in someones backyard but you have all the food and beer at your fingertips.
2	Ok -- K'ODonnell'sNeedless to say my experience so far is yes I've been to a more exciting bar & grill in my lifetime.  There wasn't anything special that grabbed my attention at this place.  Sports flair and LCD TVs are great, but food is what pops in my report.I ordered the Rueben sandwich with sweet potato fries.  I was one hungry man!  I didn't think it was bad, but then again it wasn't good either.  The rye bread was extra crunchy on the edges as well as the middle.  There really wasn't much taste in my opinion except the overpowering onions that really helped moisturize the beef patty because it was pretty dry.  My friend ordered their fajitas which came in several different compartments.  She had to eat a certain way based on her diet and I did remember her saying no tortilla; they came anyways.  Overall, again it was bad, but not good.  I think K O is better left for having drinks and watching the game.  However, if I wanted to add some food to that mix then sorry I'll have to pass. - Enjoy!
4	Good food for a bar.  Way better than others in the area
4	Over the years, I've learned that certain experiences are better dependent upon the company you keep. For me, I had the opportunity to enjoy KO's with the two most recent Kings of Phoenix.We met on a weeknight, the three of us. I had been told of a kind of "party bus" that would pick you up from your location, as well as deliver you back to your point of origin. On this night, however, the bus' services were not needed. I planned on being at KO's long enough to ensure that the beer or two I enjoyed would be well out of my system (though, knowing that the "Get out of jail free" bus was available was quite comforting).We sat around the sizable bar, and enjoyed one another's company while we took in one of, what appeared to be, a dozen televisions (all seeming to be airing some brand of Chicago-based sporting event). I'm not sure if the latter was a coincidence, but, regardless...there seem to be many different angles from which one could view their sporting event of choice.We ordered a few samples from their menu, which is composed of typical bar fare. Between the three of us, we split onion rings, french fries, and potato skins. In all my years of legal drinking, I've yet to come across a place that could screw up any of the three aforementioned items. Thankfully, that streak is still in tact. Couple those items with a nice Sierra Nevada IPA, and you're pretty much golden!As we sat and conversed, I noticed behind me that there was an in-house poker tournament going on. After talking with my compatriots, I learned that KO's runs a few in-house tournaments a year, with a grand prize of a seat at the WSOP in Las Vegas. I'm not sure if there's a buy-in for the in-house tournaments, but I'm certainly planning on finding out!For me, my experience at KO's was as good a bar experience as I've had. The food and beer were both priced reasonably. The selection of beers on tap was quite nice, as well. Couple that with the covered patio and the year-round poker tournament, and you've got yourself a winner, in my book!But, like I said before, it's all about the company you keep. Any place can be five stars if you enjoy it with friends!
4	Been here several times to watch games or the draft.  The best thing here are the KO's special/secret sauce wings.  Not overly tangy like buffalo wings.  Good flavor and pretty meaty.I like that their pizzas are thin crust.  Good service.
4	Consistently good food and service.
4	My running/drinking group stopped in here for a drink before we started our run on Monday night. The bar staff handled us well; about 100 or so of us were packed into this place. I didn't order any food but I saw a few people that ordered some and it looks really good - next time. The drinks were priced well and the patio is setup nice with misters and several big TV's so it can be a nice hangout during the summer months too.
3	Had a great lunch here with my grandparents. I would give 5 stars for our server personally, he was amazing, totally played along with my grandfather's sarcasm, and was quick with refills etc (if you go in, he is the tallest one, today he was repping an AZ Cardinals shirt). I had the French Dip, so did my grandma, and my gramps had fish & chips. Now for the cons, first off the hostess could care less about seating us, it seemed like it would absolutely kill her to smile, when she wasn't smacking the waiters with menus and calling them "whores" loud enough that my 80 year old grandparents could hear (they are super old fashioned, I kept praying they wouldn't hear her). Then there was the random server who very awkwardly came to our table, interrupted our lunch to let me know that "I looked SO familiar, he must know me etc" and went on and on, in essence hitting on me in front of my grandparents. so awkward. Thankfully, our waiter came over a few times and jokingly tried to let him know it was time to go, but the guy didn't get the hint. That waiter continued to stare and make me uncomfortable until we walked out the door after lunch. Also, my gramps mentioned that the fish and chips were more bread than fish, though they had great taste.OVERALL, we had a good lunch with our server, who deserves kudos for being so on the ball and taking great care of us, but the cons have kind of creeped me out.
4	Went again to this place last night for a little happy hour with my networking group. We reserved the semi-private back room for our group that would easily hold about 25-30. They had a few food items on happy hour $4 special; potato skins, bruchetta (I had this and it was a decent sized plate) and queso dip and chips. I decided to order the Chicken Pesto sandwich with the sweet potato fries for dinner; it was very good and I shared with my husband and it was filling for both of us. Our waitress was nice too; a bit slow, but the place was busy so that's just how it goes plus at about 2 min. till end of happy hour she stopped for "happy hour last call" so that was nice too. The reviews are all over the board for this place, it may just depend on the day or the wait staff - but for us it was good.
4	KO's is a north Scottsdale staple at this point. Its located in the same lot as the Scottsdale Gun Club tucked away on Northsight just north of Raintree. There aren't a lot of options for sports bars in that neck of the woods and I'm happy to report that their food is better than average. I'm a huge fan of their chicken pesto sandwich. French fries, onion rings and chicken tenders are always fried to perfection and served with cold ranch dressing. The atmosphere is pretty casual but still maintains some class with its somewhat eclectic industrial decor. Overall, Its a pretty good place to grab lunch and a couple of drinks.
5	Greatest tortilla soup and southwest chicken salad. Look at the menu when you come in. The menu posted is not from kos!!!
5	Most amazing customer service....they really know how to treat their customers and make them feel like true guests. What I am about to share is a true story of one of the most genuine and warmest hospitality experiences....first and foremost, this was my first experience visiting K O'Donnell's today after a suggestion from a friend....I looked it up on Yelp to check the reviews and the menu...and zeroed it on an item that made my mouth water...it was called The Firecracker Chicken Sandwich, and called for all kinds of goodies including homemade guacamole etcc...By the time I got to the restaurant, I did not see the same item on the menu much to my dismay...I asked the manager about it...and he mentioned that it could perhaps have been on an old menu and that Yelp had not taken it off after repeated attempts by the restaurant to do so...Nevertheless, I told them I had seen it online and offered to show the sanwich's description on my phone to which they said No problem...we'll make it...What was served to me was a true juicy masterpiece of perfection and probably by far the very best chicken sandwich I have ever had and both the manager and chef treated me with utmost care and kindness with wanting nothing more but my happiness.I disagree with some other reviews that the food is average or just okay. The food was awesome, the service superb and that review comes from someone who  doesn't care much about sports bars...well done! Five stars all the way...
5	I've been going to KO's for years... well in all honesty, before it was KO's.  My friends and I would meet there 2-3 nights a week and play Golden Tee (or whatever game was there).  When the place was purchased by KO back in 2005, I was worried that I lost my neighborhood hangout.  And luckily that didn't happen.  He kept on a few of our favorite staff, and changed the place for the better.  So we continued to call KO's our "go-to" place for food and sports.  Aside from the great food, there was always something more that kept us coming back.  I can say a lot of it had to do with the bartenders and the servers.  They make the place what it is.  I am a huge Niners fan and seeing all the Niner paraphernalia is great.  Some of it was the other patrons.  We became good friends with the other people that seemed to frequent there as much as we did.Fast forward to 2013 and I still go there.  Mind you, my friends are all moved on (mostly out of state) but the staff and the regulars, while not all the same, are pretty close.  I have seen the menu change several times over the years, and let me tell, you, it just gets better and better.  The daily food specials are usually the best choice.  I remember when the menu was HUGE!  There were so many great options, its a wonder I don't weigh 600 pounds from trying everything.  Even with the menu now, while smaller, still offers plenty of great items to choose from.  The remodel of the patio a few years ago literally changed the face of the place.  It has one of the best patio in the Valley to visit (even if your are bringing your dog).  I think they have 8 TVs outside now so technically, one could watch all the broadcasted football games outside.  Overall, I've enjoyed watching KO's grow to be the place that I still consider my "go-to" place.  When anyone asks, "Where's a good place to eat in Scottsdale?"  I will always say K O'Donnell's.
5	The best neighborhood bar! Great staff and great selection of beer and liquors!  Also they have Moscow mules! The menu is great.. Wings are a must when you come to KOs!
3	Went to a Dream Dealers game at K O'Donnell's.They had a special on Kilt Lifter, so I had plenty of those.Ordered the chorizo and cheese dip, which was delicious, but should be served in a wider bowl.Had potato skins as well, which were very good.Not in my neighborhood, so I'm not likely to go very often, but I would return.
5	I'm not big on sports bars but today I wanted to watch the Broncos vs. Giants (AKA The Manning Bowl) and the only way to see the game was at a place like this.  I had GREAT nachos which I shared with a friend.  She had a couple of frozen margaritas and I had a beer.  That wasn't a huge tab for spending three hours at hour table watching the football game.  and they never tried to rush us or up sell us on more food or drink.  We could have sat at our table another three hours and it would have been OK with them.  They have a great menu for a sports bar.  Can't wait to go back and try some other things.  They have a huge patio with many screens and the patio is dog friendly which I'll take advantage of when it cools off.  All in all it was one of the friendliest sports bars I've ever visited.  I think I found my new neighborhood "Cheers".
5	How cool that Jennifer responds to each and every review with individualized comments not a boilerplate reply.  She reads each review and her comments relate to what the reviewer had to say.  That really shows they care about what their customers think.  Good job KO's!
5	So I am new to this Yelp site and haven't made much of an effort to share my thoughts previously. But I do want to give a shout out to KO's, which has been one of my favorites in the nine years I have lived in Scottsdale. The food has consistently been fantastic. I will always bring family and friends to KO's for the atmosphere, incredible patio experience and the food. Gotta try the Grown Up Grilled Cheese; growing up in the Midwest... You understand! :) The Prime Rib Wrap is a great lunch or dinner choice and I am a big fan of the Southwest Salad with Cajun Chicken. Hmmm... I think I made up my mind for dinner tonight :)
4	Good food, bar food, brunch o Sat, and Sun, lots of TV screens. Individual speakers. Ask waiter. Free ride home. IF too much to drink. Lots of beer choices. Poker on sat, always something going on.
5	The most awesome beef and/or chicken fajitas plate ever! I lived in California all my life until I retired in AZ in February of this year.  I know Mexican food. The fajita plate is the most fresh and tasty plate I have ever had in all my life! Incredible!!!!
5	Great food and a great atmosphere.  Best place to watch football on the weekends!  Grilled wings are great and finish off your meal with a cookie skillet!
4	Wow, it's time to update this review.  Since I moved to the area, KO's has been one of our regular watering holes.  We absolutely love this place.  Here's why:+ Friendly staff.  The bartenders, servers, and managers are super friendly and always stop by to say hello at our table.+ The food.  Pizza, Wings, Sandwiches, Burgers....we've had so many things on the menu, It's hard to figure out which one is our favorite.  If I had to pick a couple, it would be the Fuh-getta-bout-it Pizza and the Turkey Bacon Melt.....seriously though, the food is superb.+ They have a cool patio area.  There's a large AC unit out back and misters to keep you cool during the summer months and a heater to keep you warm during the winter.  The patio is the place to be sometimes.+ The offer a complimentary shuttle to drive you home.  Don't want to drive?  No problem, call up KO's to pick you up.  Had a little too much to drink and don't want a DUI?  No problem, ask them to take you home and they'll do it free of charge.  There's of course a radius of how far they'll drive, but if you live nearby you're in the zone.Overall, this is a solid bar that we love coming to on a regular basis.Return Factor - 100%
5	I met up with a great friend from High School, Jay Lessard, for the first time tonight. I have to say that the food was amazing and the service was equally as good. I will definitely come here again!
5	This place was recommended by our friend Jay Lessard, who is a regular, and it did not disappoint! Great atmosphere, tasty food, good pricing. Visit, you will not be disappointed! Try the prime rib wrap!
5	Amazing food!!! The southwest salad with Cajun steak is awesome!!! The bruschetta as well!!!! Servers are very nice and food and drink service is quick. Come here often and will always!
4	$12 Bottomless Mimosas!  Really, do I need to say more?OK, I willService started slow, but slowly became amazing.  Is it a coincidence that I was more impressed with the service after each mimosa?  Maybe.The brunch food was good, and the patio is nice with TVs everywhere.I wish there was better sound on the TVs, and I also wish they didn't allow smoking on the patio.  Great experience overall.
4	Really cool place to just eat and watch the game.  Service and food have always been good.  Wish they would open one on the West side of town.
5	Having brunch.  What a lively place. So much fun. Two eggs over with bacon and some kind of super fabulous country potatoes. Don't skip the minors. Surrounded by crazy football fans. A perfect Sunday!
4	I can always count on Brunch at KO's. Something for everyone!Great service, great food ! Thanks!
3	I dig the super dog friendly patio.I really like the setup of the patio overall - it's a very comfortable space.The menu has choices for everyone and portion size is way up there.The food itself is OK at best - relatively bland, overall. But, it's bar food in N. Scottsdale, so I think that's par for the course. Nothing bad, just a little on the blah side.The service...well, um. Yeah. The service. I think the only requirement for employment as a server is to be cute. They sure as hell aren't hired for any of the actual skills needed to be a decent server. Reminds me of the staff at Ra Sushi and way too many other places.That said - it's still worth a visit! Just bring some good people to have great conversations with and the patio will be a lovely and comfy backdrop for that. And if you're patient and, well, patient - you'll even get some good drinks and decent food. Fido will even get a water bowl!
3	Stopped in for lunch, had the fish & chips, good service, fish a little overcooked but tasty
5	This place has one of my favorite patios ever! It's spacious and has a fireplace for when it's cold outside (I know, not often - but I still love it!)  Their house made veggie burger is awesome and the sauteed mushrooms & siracha aioli make it even better.  And any place that has a "grown up" grilled cheese on their menu is a winner in my book!  The service here is also exceptional. I know I said I love the patio, but if you sit at the bar, the bartenders are always amazingly friendly & quick.
5	Excellent customer service.  Great food.  Accept reservations.  Live music.  I don't have a single complaint.  I wish there were more like K O'Donnell's. Made reservation for 12.  9 showed up. We felt terrible.  Wait staff was beyond kind and we tipped them generously.  We'll return. Great experience.
2	Was looking for a singles pick-up place while wandering this part of town. It ain't happening at this hidden joint in a shopping center. Inside was dead as a duck at 9:30pm on a Friday night and the patio had a horrible band playing with about 20 people outside watching. Some were families and a few were couples, but no eye candy in sight. Do some promotions and get more people to your bar. Lots of TV's though, so might come back to watch a game, but doubtful.
2	Service and food has gone down hill.  Friends and I have met here once or twice a month over the last five years. Patio and bar service has gotten progressively worse. We've waited 5-10 minutes for anyone to attend our table and/or booth if in bar.  Note this:  during happy hour, appetizers are smaller in size. Some dinners are smaller now as well.  Also a draft pint might be $3.50 but a larger size is $8.00 (servers don't tell you, you'd get more to order two pints, than the larger).  Food is served without plates, napkins, utensils.  Third time for disappointment; we'll go elsewhere now.
5	I've been coming to KO's for years and the food is always delicious. I have several favorites but the Southwest salad with Cajun chicken is always my go to when I can't decide. I usually have it as a wrap and add a side of their yummy French fries. You can't go wrong with their burgers, pizza or their wings either. When I have company from out of town we always make KO's one of our stops. Last weekend we sat on their enormous patio, had brunch and mimosas. I highly recommend checking them out.
3	Was looking for another bar, but ended up here again. They have $3 Shock Tops on Thursday nights, which is a good thing and all the TV''s were on live sports, except the giant screen was on golf for some reason. I got food to go and it actually turned out good that bartender screwed up my order. Wanted Rueben with Turkey instead of Corned Beef because I figured they just use sliced corned beef that is usually chewy. This wasn't the case at all as the CB was shaved and crumbly, exactly the way it should be and it was another really good sandwich on marble rye. Lots of bikers outside though, never a good thing.
5	Recently relocated to Scottsdale for work, and coming from the South, I have been in search for good food, good company, and access to SEC sports!I found it all here- all of the bar food basics, elevated, and some other dishes that may surprise you!!Nice, covered, dog friendly patio with numerous tvs- the bonus? Your server will bring a speaker box to the table so you can actually HEAR the game that you are focusing on!This will definitely be a go to sports bar and grill for me!
5	The buffalo chicken salad is the best in the valley . Lots of fresh ingredients great balance of flavors unbreaded chicken tenders. Every time I come in here the food has been outstanding.  A lot of the items on the menu are cooked from scratch.
3	Pros:Food was pretty good, bartenders were attentive and the prices are average for Scottsdale.  Cons:Place is crawling with senior citizens and our conversation was interrupted by a very loud public trivia game hosted by the staff. No one seemed to be playing and it was hard to relax with a loud woman blasting her voice over her microphone.
4	1 word fish and chips...ok that's 3 words. The service was awesome and the staff friendly.
3	Family of 5 (2 adults, 3 kids under 8) on spring break...we were going to hit up a pizza/salad restaurant nearby, but decided on this place after I saw you can eat outdoors (we are from cold Chicago & eating outdoors is a priority when you're in this kind of weather)!I'll break it down into categories:ATMOSPHERE: It's nice to have option to eat outdoors and they also allow people to bring their dogs (I'm allergic to them & it's not really my thing at a restaurant, but the two dogs we saw were well behaved, on leashes & fine).The outdoor area has couches, big screen TVs, high tops and regular tables.I wouldn't call the area outside clean, by any means.  We had to switch the chair my son was going to sit on because it had sticky stuff all over the cushion.  There were stains all over the bench cushions & inevitable leaves falling from the trees blowing in the wind.Caveat:  they allow cigar smoking on the patio.  We tried to be seated farthest away from the stogie smokers, but the downwind prevailed & my kids were complaining about the smell.   We could've went inside at this point, but like I said, we come from the cold and even though the cigar stench was disgusting, we sucked it up just so we could enjoy dining outside.  Whatddya gonna do?FOOD: Standard kids' meal options: burgers, grilled cheese, Mac & cheese, quesadillas, chicken tenders (grilled or breaded) and a few others.Kids got Mac '& cheese with fruit/fries and chicken tenders...meh....kid food at a bar...enough said.  We asked for chocolate milk...it tasted like they dumped the whole bottle of Hershey's syrup into it...even kids didn't drink it.Hubby and I split the 10pc wings...5 KO special sauce & 5 buffalo; they were crispy on outside and delicious/meaty on inside...right amount of spice too.  They charged $3.99 for extra plate of celery/carrots though.I read on Yelp someone raved about garlic wings...I asked waitress about them & she didn't know anything about it, but was sweet enough to ask us if we wanted to create our own sauce 'cuz the restaurant has garlic powder, etc..we passed.I also had the salad wedge after reading a good review on Yelp...it's just a wedge of iceberg lettuce, people...add a few tomatoes, bacon bits and bleu cheese crumbles and there ya go...nothing to rave about...dressings were too thick & sort of bland...taste bottled.Hubby had the pesto chicken sandwich and scarfed it down, so I'm guessing he liked it.SERVICE:Very friendly, accommodating (brought us extra napkins without asking, extra cups for kids) and quick.Food came out in a timely manner.The place reminded me of a sports bar that sponsored teams (soccer, softball, baseball) would go to after they were done playing.  Not really a place for small children (cigar smoke, loud TVs, lots of beer).Try the wings, they were very tasty & cooked well!
3	We are there two to three times per week.  In general the service has been good with a few exceptions and the food is good.  We have also experienced bad choices for music (Rap).  Last night when we asked them to make a different music selection the bartender put on some sort of slow wedding music.  That kind of statement was certainly un-called for.  In general KO's is a good place to have a drink and lunch or dinner.
4	This place is worth the money spent. Got a pulled pork sandwich and it was so good! Do not order the frozen margaritas however. I would recommend they take them off the menu as the manager doesn't even recommend. They do however have good on the rocks margaritas. Service was ok, had a new waitress. Owner personally came up and asked if we were doing ok since the nasty frozen margaritas. He was cool! Made it seem like a family place. I will continue coming here
5	We went back tonight and the food was great, service from Ky was amazing and the music was pleasant.  Excellent comeback from a rough night.
4	Everything we ordered was EXCELLENT - pizza, green chile pork burrito, kids grilled cheese with bomb.com fries. The owner was extremely friendly and checked on us several times, which was great because our server was nowhere to be found the whole time. We will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!!!!!
4	Good food (especially the pizza & burgers) , servers & Poker on Saturday nights!!! The owner is are gentlemen and a pleasure if you ever get to meet.
4	I'll make my first review a positive one.  KO's is my families' go to restaurant.   The servers and managers are always polite and friendly.  It's a nice mix between bar and restaurant atmosphere, so my kids love it.  There are time when you wonder if your server is ever coming back, especially when they are busy, but overall, the good food, service, atmosphere and price make this a solid pick.
4	Enjoyed my visit at happy hour after a visit to the adjacent gun club, and overall I was pleased but wish there were a few changes.  I appreciated that they had several craft beer options on draft, and service was good once I was acknowledged at the bar.  Mozz sticks were ok, not fully melted inside, and that leads to my concerns.  They limit the happy hour to only specific appetizers, which excludes the mozz sticks.  I love hitting happy hours, and there's nothing more frustrating than having that first beer in front of you and then being told the appetizer you're specifically craving is excluded.
3	We have ALWAYS had a good time here! BEST PATIO IN TOWN! (& usually the best staff too!)
5	I had a great dining experience the other evening.  The food, service and the outdoor ambiance was outstanding; although their indoor restaurant is also very inviting , as well.  This is a neighborhood gem. Don't think that this is your typical "bar & grill"...the food is as good as it gets.
4	Had a service issue but owner handled very professionally.  The food is very good, and have eaten there many times!  Being able to smoke cigars on back patio is a great add!
5	After going here at least once a week for the past three months, I figure it's probably time to write a review.Service is always awesome. Sometimes, I want to drink like a fish, and KOs really enables my poor life decisions. Along with a party bus that takes you home when you're plastered for no charge, they're always really good at bringing me water when I ask for it. That's super important to me, since I'm never choosing to get drunk on purpose anywhere that isn't going to help me stave off a headache the next day with lots of water.I'm a picky eater. I probably drive a lot of servers crazy (sorry, food service industry). KOs always has something I can eat, which is a tall order for bar food. Also a tall order: decent salads. KOs has several salads that I've highly enjoyed, and the portions are large enough (and packed with enough protein and toppings) to be a full meal. I usually order anything with their chipotle ranch dressing. It's Arizona, I need decent spicy food. KOs always delivers.Speaking of which, their wings! Oh man, I love good wings. If you're a spicy food aficionado, their volcano wings are definitely something to write home about. They're always huge, cooked all the way through, packed with plump juicy white meat, and seasoned perfectly. They grill them, which is not something you see at every bar. It's that extra touch that really pushes them over the top from good to great with those nice charred bits and authentic grilled taste. Their buffalo style wings are also amazing, if you're not into burning your mouth for fun like I am.I've also tried their burgers, which are 100% meat all the way through. I can't stand people that put weird stuff in burgers. KOs doesn't, and they always grill them too.They're also pretty handy with that frier. Their handmade potato chips are excellent with a side of ranch, and the sweet potato fries always go over well with friends. Never had anything that wasn't cooked right, even when they get super busy.What I really like about KOs, though, is that their servers are always friendly, and they'll remember what you order and who you are. I always prefer family-owned establishments for that individual touch, and KOs is great at it. I've never had a server that wasn't totally on top of his or her game, or had no idea what they were doing. Hey, if I'm getting stupid on a Saturday night out, I don't need a stupid server or bartender on top of it. I don't know what they do to retain such great staff, but keep it up!There's always something going on here too. Trivia nights are loads of fun, and everyone gets super competitive. They have more televisions than almost any bar in town, so they're excellent for watching MMA or anything else you want. They do charge cover on the nights of big games, but they'll give you back your cover in the form of "KO Bucks" you can spend on whatever you want. That's a nice touch.Their patio is really large, and dog-friendly. I don't have a dog, but I gather that's a huge plus for some people. The seats are actually clean and comfortable, which can be hard to find in this town. Their mister / fan system is really extensive, so I've had no trouble staying for three or four hours on a summer afternoon. When it's cold, they have heaters that put out quite a bit of heat. Plus, the patio area always has at least four televisions within view, no matter where you sit. I drink a lot with smokers, although I don't smoke myself, so it's important that we get all the amenities outside that we can get inside.The one and only thing I don't like is their beer list. It's great if you like the staples like Bud and Coors, but it's pretty terrible if you're a snooty craft beer person like me. They usually have maybe a San Tan or Four Peaks available, but that's pretty much it for local stuff. You're not going to find anything exotic like whitbier, oktoberfiest, framboise, or cider. And forget about smaller craft breweries or seasonal taps.I don't really come here for craft beer, so I guess it's okay. I usually stick to whiskey, and they've never not had what I ask for when it comes to hard liquor. Their mixed drinks are always good, and never cheap on the pours. My SO really likes their oatmeal cookie shots, and another friend of mine was impressed by the margaritas. I've never ordered a shot and got back a thimble. That's appreciated.Honestly, the food is good enough here that it's worth eating if you have no interest in drinking. And the drinking isn't bad either. I'd guess it's on the pricer side, but hey, it's North Scottsdale. I kind of expect it. That said, if you're looking for dive bar or neighborhood bar prices, you're not going to find them here.I'll no doubt continue to be  a regular. Their parking is always accessible, and I've never had bad or slow service. And honestly, that's really all that it takes to impress me. That their food is really good on top of all that earns them 5-stars.
4	We were looking for a different place to try one night when a craving for burgers struck us.  I referred to my trusty Yelp! app and found this place which is about a mile from where I live.  Walked inside to a very cozy atmosphere.  TV's everywhere for the sports lovers.  They have pretty typical bar food, but they manage to turn it up a notch to gourmet status.  We had the wings which were perfectly spicy, the enchilada burger, and I had the rancher burger.  These burgers were just awesome.  Came with tasty fries and I was a happy girl.  The bartender definitely knew how to pour a healthy drink also!  Will gladly come back here next time I am in the mood for a burger.  The price range is about $10-25/person, depending on how much food you order.
5	Staff is fantastic, food is great. The best place to watch a game and drink great beers with very good food.
3	Bartender is good, but I've been sitting out on the patio here with a menu for the past 10 minutes and no server has helped me. She has checked on different tables twice but I have received no help. The food here is decent at best anyways. Disappointed with the service.Edit: The food was MUCH better than I remembered. The scene is great, the people are nice, it's perfect for watching a game and having a cigar. I think there was simply a confusion with the server.
4	I had never been at K Odonnell's despite seeing 20% off coupons in The Clipper Magazine and driving past it on my way to Sam's.  Went there Saturday night.  They had their misters on for the patio but since the patio allows smoking I didn't want to take a chance that a smoker would sit next to us and puff in my face.  So inside we went.  Within seconds of getting the menu we were asked if you were ready.  I then volunteered that we had never been here before and as a result did not know the menu AND that we needed more time.  I wanted the Pork Green Chle Soup, but was disappointed that they were out of it.  Out of it??? at 7PM on a Saturday night?  Come on now!!!  I then ordered a cup of the Guinness stew and after one tablespoon I knew that this was not for me.  When something needs that much salt and pepper AND tabasco, it's time for a change.  And isn't soup supposed to be hot??  I then got the Chicken Tortilla soup which was really delicious.  My hubby decided he would drink his appetizer.  He ordered a special they had of a bloody mary made with Absolute Peppery Vodka.  I didn't know that type of vodka existed.  The drink was really good!   You didn't think I was just going to have the soup without slurping some of that delicious bloody mary, did you????  The fish and chips I ordered was plentiful.  3 nice pieces of cod made with beer batter and really crispy french fries just like I ordered them.  It came with a delicious, fresh, non-mayonaisy cole slaw.  Nice.  Hubby ordered a medium rare hamburger that came perfectly cooked and which he claimed was delicious (although I wouldn't know if you know what I mean! )  Some people don't share.  I digress.  He also ordered sweet potato fries which he said were delicious (although I wouldn't know if you know what I mean! )  Get my drift?  All in all we had a very nice tasting dinners and the pricing was just right.  We think we definitely will be back!
5	Love this restaurant and one of my favorite spots for food and beverage!  Staff is attentive and friendly!  Bar staff  always adds to the experience.  The southwest chicken salad and the pizza...any pizza are two favorites!  Wait...the potato soup and the pork green chili are also to die for!  My daughter begs for the half baked cookie served hot w/ ice cream on top!
4	One of my favorite things about K'O Donnell's is their amazing patio! When the weather is nice this is an awesome place to hang out.  For a sports bar the food is awesome. From the prime rib wrap to the southwest salad you cannot go wrong with any menu choice. They also have a fair amount of beers on tap which is always a plus. My only complaint is sometimes the service can be pretty slow. That being said the waitresses are friendly. As someone who works nearby this is one of my favorite places to hang out after work. Keep being awesome K'O's !
5	Great food and prompt service!  For a sports bar the food rivals very good restaurants and sometimes come here just for the food!  Will be back many times!  Prime rib anything is excellent!
5	Been coming to KO's for breakfast and football for 2 years now. Great staff and great food. Couldn't ask for more!
4	This place was a surprise gem!  Was out running errands in the neighborhood and my husband and I decided to stop in for lunch.  We were there right at 11 so we got to watch as the place quickly filled up with the lunch crowd.  Great beer selection, diverse food menu, and I absolutely loved my chicken burger.  Husband loved his burger too and we both stuffed ourselves!  If I didn't live on the other end of town I'd definitely come back!  Casual sports bar/restaurant atmosphere, very clean and with quick, friendly service and good food.
5	I live/work in this general area and frequent KO's all the time. They have a great food menu with a lot of options. We stop in for lunch appointments and come by for happy hour after work. I also come on the weekends to watch football on the dog friendly patio. They've expanded the seating area and added more TVs to the patio this season which is great because it tends to get busy during happy hour and Sunday Funday. They're Sunday brunch menu is small but exceptional. Love the new Build your own Bloody Marys for $5!Don is one of the working managers that comes by to check on all of their guests. He is awesome, he doesn't just stop by once for the standard manager inquiry "How was everything today? THanks for coming in!" He will generally pop by a few times to ensure drinks are filled and food was good in addition to the friendly waiters/waitresses. It's always nice to know that they genuinely care about their patrons. Love this bar/restaurant. Keep up the great work KOs!
4	Great place to watch football on Sunday.  Food is better than typical bar food.  Lots of salads on the menu.  Also a kids menu and nice, friendly servers.  Will be back.
4	Came here as our last stop before heading to the airport splitting after a great family weekend celebrating moms 50! We enjoyed a great time watching the 49er and many other games play this day! We started with the loaded nachos (minus any meat) and potatoe skins minus the bacon. Both were delicious, nachos were full and you can actually taste the beans which is rare! We loved both these dishes!For lunch, table ordered the: Cajun pasta(no meat) grilled cheese, vegetarian sandwich, enchilada sandwich with black bean party, chicken pesto and the quesadilla (added spinach instead of the cheese). The food was really great for almost all members! It was hot, spicy, and tasty! The Cajun pasta was not very spicy and therefore the older sis was unhappy and the vege sandwich was very dry. Buttttt everything else was like amazing! We all wish there was a place like this in sacramento/california! One very important factor in enjoying the game, food and the experience was our waitress! She was super prompt, made all our substitutions perfect(which is hard!) and was super easy going and happy! I really really am sad to head to the airport after such a great meal! I highly recommend this place for any football fans and anyone in desire for a great American meal! Very healthy options too and kid friendly!!!
1	Terrible drinks and mediocre food. Was not impressed at all!  It was pretty empty too so I must not be the only one with this opinion.
5	Great sports bar and grill. We called ahead for seating for 20 after a ballgame. The service was quick and friendly. The food was good. The nachos are huge! The Irish Stew is comfort food! The outside patio had our group set up in two big tables. It was a nice place to celebrate our winning game and enjoy fellowship with the team.
4	Nice relaxing patio! I had a burger that was good. Lots of televisions to watch games. The only thing negative  was too many smokers. Waitress was very attentive.
4	Solid sports bar. Everyone in the group enjoyed their meal. Service was good and friendly.  Would definitely be back in the future!
5	Great atmosphere, food, ect. You can't go wrong at KO's.  This place has been family owned since say one and they make sure to create a great atmosphere with great food and beverages
4	This is a nice place. If you looking to catch a game the have what seemed a TV for everyone. Nice large bar for hanging or they do have a restaurant area. The outdoor patio is the place to be. Very well done and even a fireplace to keep you warm on a chilly Arizona evening. Drinks were good and I needed some chow. I had the Rancher , loaded with cheddar, bbq sauce, crispy onion strings and bacon. This was a good burger, the side of slaw was very good also. Service was good at the bar on the patio it slipped a bit but overall good time was had.
4	We sat outside on a chilly night for AZ. I think it was 62. Right! They had a fireplace going which made it that much more enjoyable. The service was a bit sticky slow. But the crowd was fun. I had the turkey club with provolone on sourdough. It was thick slices of juicy bird. The slaw and sweet potato fries hit the spot. we also sat at the bar for a few and the atmosphere was a bit more lively and the service much improved.
1	Please tell Candace not to give customers their check prior to asking for it. Thanks for cutting my night short.
3	Pretty average sports bar. Went here over the lunch hour for a meeting and it was dead. The buffalo chicken salad was pretty good but had way too much cheeses on it. Kind of defeated the purpose of a "fresh salad". I drive by here at night quite often and see the porch packed.
4	I work near KO's and it's lunchtime favorite. This place is a hidden gem. It features a huge and social bar along with a large room of booths/tables. The food is top notch and their menu is enormous. I haven't tried everything but they haven't missed yet. Their burgers are really, really good and cooked to perfection. The salads are huge and very tasty. I love that you can have your protein made "cajun" and added to any salad. I had some potato skins the other day that were fantastic. I didn't know going in but they are on the happy hour menu and only cost me $4.44! Good beer selection that seems to change often as well.
5	KO's is our favorite spot in town! Candace, Val, and Stephanie are all amazing and the reason we continue to come. The entire staff (servers, bartenders, kitchen, hostess, etc.) are all beyond friendly and professional. Anyone who has a terrible experience here was probably having a bad day to start with and should stay home!
5	Love this place especially their delicious wings. Just thinking about them right now makes me want some :) I also love their huge salads as well. Plenty of huge TV for my husband to watch the game while we chow down. Service is always excellent. Great go to spot.
4	I came here very early morning at around 10am so I didn't run into any busy traffic with waiters, waiting for food or anything like that. Our waiter was very nice and helped me order since it was my first time being here. I ordered a pancake with bananas it was sweet n tasty, what I like about the pancakes here is that the ingredients (bananas, chocolate chips,etc) are actually baked in the pancakes they are not just tossed on top. Another great thing about the pancakes they are actually baked it makes a great difference they are sooo fluffy in the inside and on the outer side of the pancake crispy, yummy! I only ate half of the pancake. I also ordered there breakfast platter; 2 sunny side eggs were warm and tasty I ate only one , 2 sizzling sausages ate half of 1, and evenly cooked hash browns only ate a spoonful. Lastly I ordered a side of biscuits and gravy and omg they are the best I have ever tasted I highly recommend trying them out! They come with 2 biscuits I only ate one I so wanted to save the other one for later. I tried a little bit of everything I didn't finish everything and not because the food wasn't to die for but, because I did order a lot of food couldn't fit everything in my stomach. I guess I got carried away lol I so wanted to try everything on the menu.
5	My favorite sports bar in Scottsdale!  Lots of Tvs on the walls, waitresses are very friendly and make sure you're taken care of. Had the volcano hot  buffalo wings and they were awesome! Recommend it to anyone looking for good food, good service and an awesome atmosphere :)
