4	I hadn't been to Gordon Biersch to eat anything other than fries since...well, ever!  Way back when I used to come here to swing dance in their dining room.  No joke!  They had a live band and pushed the tables away and scads of kids would come out and dance for hours and just eat their fries.  I always thought their fries were good. I went the other night and was acutally impressed with how good the food was.  I had the Cedar Plank Pecan Crusted Salmon, and it was delightful.  The fish was fresh and the dill cream sauce a great accompainament.  I had their hefeweizen which is as good now as it was when it was quenching my jitterbug induced thirst.And the fries are still good.
2	Great beer, decent burgers, not great dinner...TOO LOUD ALL THE TIME!!  A place with 200 people doesn't need a crappy band to play way too loud. Last time I was there I found myself screaming to the girl across the table from me.  We were 2 feet away from each other and on the opposite side of the place from the band...and it was so loud I felt like I was in a club.Lose the bands, improve the dinners and keep the beers great and you have a good place.I had a jambalaya and it was just awful.  It was rice with some meat and a spicy sauce.  Not good at all.
3	Great selection of beers!! Its big...and its loud..and its Vegas' version of Socal's BJs!! Yay for BJs...wait...no...i don't think i meant it like that!! Sick little minds...
4	The Marzen beer was sooo yummy! As was the Pomegranate Lemonade. Mm! I had a blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich and it was also incredible.A lot of people are comparing this place to BJ's in Southern California but what they're forgetting is that the food at BJ's is barely one step above dog food!! It's pretty foul. In comparison, Gordon Biersch is a freakin' five-star restaurant.The quality of the food was great, the prices were reasonable, the garlic fries were yummy, and I wish the only location of GB that we had in SoCal hadn't gone out of business a couple years ago!!I would recommend checking this place out for dinner instead of lunch-- a lot of their entrees sounded really good, but even in Vegas I had a hard time letting myself order a $18 plate of pasta for lunch! The sandwiches were amazing too, though.
5	I love this place! Not much of a beer fan, but I mus say the marzen was really good. Great burgera nd the garlic fries are out f this world!!
4	I really enjoy Gordon Biersch either for lunch or dinner. Service is always friendly and they have a wide variety of "new" american pub food. Beer is also very good and they have great prices during happy hour. This is also a great place for a business lunch becuase you can be in and out in about 45 minutes.
4	Much better than I expected for a chain brew pub. We had excellent service and it wasn't too busy or too loud either. I had the BBQ pork sandwich and the Marzen BBQ sauce was so delicious. I love BBQ and this was definitely up there. My only complaint was that it came with coleslaw on it and the menu didn't say that it did. Kinda annoying because I had to scrape it off. Overall, very good and I will be checking out the CO location.
4	Although this is one of a chain of similar restaurant/breweries, it's none the worse for that. The beer is fine if a little bland, and the food is great. We also visited on a Sunday afternoon which was jazz time, and felt a little like fresh meat for the older ladies there
5	I only came for the Marzen and Hefeweizen. These are my favorites of this brewer. I remember when the San Francisco location opened in the 90's. Since this is a Palo Alto, CA California Baby born business, I thought I would throw a few pennies their way. I came, I drank, I got  a beer buzz and I left.
4	I went to Gordon Biersch this past weekend with a large group, they told us it'd be an hour to get seating, and it took about 30 minutes.  That was great. The food was good, I ate a BBQ burger, and the garlic fries were cooked perfectly.  I tried a Hefeweizen and it tasted like it had some sort of spice to it which I did not like.  However they made up for it with the delicious long island I ordered after.  My buddies loved the Marzen and the Pilsner though, but I did not try them.I'd recommend GB to anyone who enjoys beer, and good food.
3	I come here just because my friends like it. The food is not bad, somewhat pricey - except the pizzas, which are a good value. Beer is also a good value, but wine and other drinks are not. I'm personally not a fan of their beer - I find it too heavy and sweet, but if you want to get a group and get happy, this place is clean, geared to please, and its dishes are easy to share.
4	I actually went to this location twice during my trip to Vegas. The food selection is good and the beers are a step up from the normal selection that is available in these brew pub locations. I have been to a couple of other GB locations around the country and this one as with the others is a solid choice for either lunch or dinner. Straightforward unpretentious food with good beer and good service.
3	Appetizer: Southwest Spring Rolls - Tasty.  Very good, but nothing you can't find at a chain like TGIF, Ruby Tuesday's or Applebees.Entrees:  BBQ Ribs - Excellent!!! Served with Garlic fries, another winner.  However, again, nothing you can't find easily elsewhere...Schnitzel - a disappointment, had no flavorBeer - ugh!!!  Sadly, I was extremely disappointed.  Ordered the sampler, the Marzen was the best tasting and even then couldn't finish the whole glass.  All others were left behind.  Amstel Light tastes better than all of them, I don't know, maybe I'm spoiled having acquired my taste for beer while living in Belgium.  I guess nearly half a millenium of brewing heritage wasn't enough for me...Otherwise, great looking restaurant, casual, great service, you can hear yourself talk, and if you're not too picky, I guess the beers might do...
1	A group of 7 of us went on a Tuesday night to celebrate our friend's birthday. It was a disaster from the beginning. The waitress neglected to ask the birthday girl what she wanted to drink. She also failed to notice that one of our guests had accidentally spilled his soda and commented to the spiller "wow! you're really sucking those down let me grab you another one" and left him in a wet mess. Out of all 7 of us, only the birthday girl's entree was messed out [talk about some bad birthday luck!]. The salmon she ordered wasn't fully cooked! And she's not a fan of sushi... The waitress didn't apologize and just said "oh, i'll take it to the kitchen so they can fix it." Our birthday girl had a chat with the manager to let him know that we were a little "miffed" by the [lack of] service to say the least. The manager said he would send us a new waitress and comp her uncooked salmon. We never got a new waitress and when she brought us the bill she proclaimed "wow! for some reason my manager gave ya'll a 25% discount! you guys must be stoked!" ...On the way out, one of our guests overheard her telling a fellow waitress that "I heard heroin isn't bad for you so I do it from time to time." Just another example of why drugs are bad for you kids.
4	I spent an evening here with some coworkers drinking Marzens, Hefeweizens, seasonal etc....along with the infamous Garlic Fries.The beer was cold and fresh. The waitress was always checking on us to make sure our glasses weren't empty. The service was prompt and persistent. This girl earned her tip!!!The Ambiance is your typical distillery look from the 1940s with the modern flair of neon signs and flat panel displays tuned to the current sport events.The place was jumping with activity and the experience was good, I would certainly visit GB in LV again!We drank like fish....I left this place a happy guy!
3	Went in shortly after lunch on a Sunday, were pleasantly suprised to find that a live band performs here around 1-2pm on Sunday's.  Unpleasantly suprised to find a bus arrive shortly after we did with a group of 20-30 go into the building.  Hence when we finally got our seats (maybe 20-30 minutes later), it was a LONG wait for the food to arrive.The food was decent but not spectacular.  Considering the other choices available in the immediate area and the cost involved, I would be hesitant to return unless invited.  The beer is excellent here so come for that, not the food (except for the Garlic Fries!).Go to Hard Rock, Firefly, Bahama Breeze or Ellis Island...all are within 5 minutes of here and are either better in food or cheaper (such as Ellis Island which has it's own beer, too, and the $7 dinner nightly).
4	This place is business lunch central. It is always crowded in here during lunch time. Every week they have great specials and the prices are not too bad. I tried a lot of things on their menu and the only thing I did not like was the ribeye steak it was like eating steak that was purchased from food 4 less. I was not too impressed. Garlic fries! What else is there to say. Decent prices, good menu and service. I would definitely go back.
5	It was a few years back, but we had a server who called everyone boss, like "what do you need boss?"... Well I hope he is the boss of this place by now, because it was the best service I've ever received from a waiter!  This guy was on top of everything, not overbearing, but just had a sense of when we needed something and got it quick and was very personable as well.  Food was good too.
3	Out of the three locations I have visited. This is probably the worst one. The food is still very good, but the service here wasn't that great. Next time in town, I will still come by again. Have to have their garlic fries! Burgers are good to. Never really tried anything else. Maybe I should next time!
3	3.5 stars. It's a brewery so it's the typical American bar food. we went right when it opened so there was no one there. we ordered to-go. the food was good, average. the garlic fries were awesome! the coleslaw was good! we ordered the crab cake sandwich. it was tasty, but the crab cakes itself were a bit too bread-y. i  think they put too much breadcrumbs in the crab cakes.
5	This was the beginning.Many many moons ago, shortly after I had turned 21, on a trip with the girls and guy to celebrate our newfound glorious world, we arrived at GB. It was a first. We were curious. Asked the waitress what she suggested. Among other things "Why not try the glazed chicken wings with honey and ginger?" "Which beer do you recommend with it?" "Try the Marzen."Next, and this is the important part, is the tasting. Take a sip (or two if it pleases you) of beer, a bite through the crispy chicken wings, and another sip of beer. Note how the interaction of the chicken wing sauce pairs PERFECTLY with the beer and brings out subtle flavors and nuances that went previously un-noticed. My friends, a fascination for beer, finger foods, and more beer begins here.And, yes, I HAVE heard, and have experienced the sad decline of quality and consistency of GB over the years. *sigh* a painful sight to taste and watch. But, still, your Marzen and wings holds a special place in my heart, even if you do change the sauce.
4	The happy hour menu is perhaps the most extensive and worthwhile in the city with a wide far from fancy fried artichoke hearts to sweet chile glazed chicken wings.$3 a pint is also great and I must say I was a big fan of the Marzen.
4	We were trying to go to another restaurant for my birthday only to find  that it was closed for lunch on Sundays.  So we stumbled across Gordon Biersch on a Sunday afternoon needing something to eat and a little football would not hurt either.  We got there in time for their happy hour that starts at three.  It consisted of discounted drinks and a special happy hour menu.  We ordered a salad and fish and chips.  They would not give us potato chips in exchange for fries so we also ordered potato chips topped with chunks of bleu cheese.  Everything was good including the beer of course.  My girl friend really liked the fried fish.  Had a great time eating drinking and watching football.  Would definitely go back.
4	A group of us met up at the Gordon Biersch on Paradise. The decor looks like a BJ's but is  nicer. I am a big fan of the Garlic Fries and the first thing I ordered as an Appetizer was Garlic fries and they are just as good as I get in Sacramento. I was going to order the Blonde Bock since that is the best that Gordon Biersch has and was told that it was removed from the menu. I was upset so I ordered their Heff. I normally don't like it but at the restaurant it was very good. Must be something that the bottle and shipping does to it. I then ordered the Salmon with Garlic Dill sauce and substituted for more Garlic Fries. (YES THEY ARE THAT GOOD) The salmon was about 25.00 and is pricy but it was tender and good flavored. I was going to order another beer but was driving that night and didn't want to get a buzz going. I wish that there is one in Sacramento but I would suggest having them even though my total bill came to about 45.00 but that was because of the 18% tip because of being a large party.I highly recommend when you want good food and good drink and with friends.
3	Meals with drinks can get pricey. Service is friendly and pretty quick. Pastas are surprisingly good.
4	Late night appetizers, perfect! Before arriving in Vegas, I heard this was a place to stop but I had no idea where it was. Going back to our hotel, it was on the way...awesome! Had to pop in. This place is huge and very cool!We sat at the bar, ordered a Hefeweizen, mojito,  veggie personal pizza and the garlic fries. Holy moly! Never had more garlicy fries, ever. I figured this was normal so we just ate and ate. Then we see the couple next to us who surprisingly ordered the same exact things..their fries were no where near as greasy or garlicy.We ask one of the bartenders which fries are "right" and he says those, pointing to the couple's and that ours were beyond garlicy...What happens next? He bring out more fries, eek! Needless to say, we ate 30% of them. They were so much better than our first ones and we can't have them go to waste, right?!The veggie pizza was great, never had one that the spinach wasn't cooked but we liked it!The mojito was delicious and so was the large hefeweizen. Mmm!So happy Gordon Biersch just popped up on our route. Would definitely go again.
2	I come here on and off for business lunches, or when traveling to other cities to get a beer (i.e. tempe, DC).  The beer is always good, but the food and service are hit or miss.For instance, I have had to wait on some occasions for food after ordered for 30-40 min. or more at lunch for simple sandwiches or burgers several times (with surly excuses from waitstaff at times in response to questions on the delays), other times they come out in 5-10 minutes.  Some food has been pretty good (cobb salad, bulgogi tacos), other really unremarkable or poor (i.e. red beans and rice).Just a hit or miss place for food and service.  Menu generally can be interesting, but you never know what you are going to get for food or service.
4	My client suggested Gordon Biersch for a business luncheon. The restaurant is large, open and well lit with natural light.. I tried the blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich with a side entry of salad. My fish was moist,salad was fresh and a decent size. Washed it down with a couple glasses of cold ice tea. Service here was friendly and our waiter provided great service. Business meeting was a success and we all left happy and satisfied.
2	If it's a beautiful  Friday night happy hour in May, how about letting people sit on the patio instead of keeping tables empty until the 7:30 reservation arrives? I mean, if it's 5:30 and your visitors want to go outside, let them!Other than its misuse of real estate, this Gordon Biersch is not bad. The environment is really nice. It's pretty busy, so if you're looking for an all-male business crowd, this is the place. The $5 pizzas during happy hour are pretty tasty. The crust is good. If you're looking for a good happy hour, and don't need a busy spot, try Satay, across the street. They serve lots of beers and mixed drinks and have outdoor seating.
4	I absolutely love their happy hour! Due to the fact I work weird hours at work, I miss the 4-6pm happy hours around town. I found out that they do the reverse happy hour from 10pm-close every day. I got there with some friends at 10pm with awesome weather to dine outside in the patio. It didn't seem crowded, but I enjoyed the Southwestern 3 combo sampler  for $11. I had glasses of wine  which were $2 off, and their specialty cocktails are only $5, not bad at all. The service was very attentive for late night drinking in the patio. I will definitely frequent this place :)
5	I am in love with the waitress we had for lunch here today. We ended up waiting for over an hour for a friend to meet us, and she couldn't have been more good-natured about it. She just kept refilling our drinks and cracking jokes about the situation, and when the bill came, she even put up with dividing it three ways for us. I wish I could remember her name. The food was also delicious. The selection was amazing- the salads and pastas looked beautiful, and my veggie pizza was among the best I've had. It's an ordinary pizza with a twist: tomato pesto instead of tomato sauce, and topped with artichoke hearts, fresh tomatoes, and lightly sauteed spinach. Soooo good, and I couldn't even finish the whole thing. And unfortunately, the mini fridge in this hotel room is crammed with overpriced booze. No space for my yummo leftovers :(
4	Nice hang out, great atomosphere, excellent happy hour and close to the Convention Center.  I always visit when I am at the LVCC for a show, but lately it has become a regular happy hour place.They brew their own beer, several types, there is something for everyone.  I prefer the Marzen, they also have excellent seasonals.The food menu is updated regularly with a nice mix of appetizers and entrees.
4	I live right around the corner from this place and I really like the vibe. I always sit at the bar and they bartenders are quick and give great service. Everyone loves the Marzen, it is a perfect beer. I am not a beer fan, but this is the reason why I return to this place. It's August, and they have a tasty Seasonal beer that was perfect. The Garlic fries here are popular. I arrived at happy hour and tried the potato chip nachos. I don't think nachos should go on anything other than tortilla chips now because of this experience. It was not bad, but I would have been happier if it were regular nachos. They were generous with the sour cream, but skimpy on cheese, pico de gallo, and it didn't have black olives or jalepenos. I understand every place has their way of presenting a food, but I didn't enjoy this particular dish. Anyway, it was only $5. The pizza was Ok too, a personal pan pizza for $5 is a great deal, especially at a place that has nice ambiance. I think they are known for their burgers. If I were prepared to have a real meal I would have chosen the sliders, which are pretty tasty. I have had those before. My suggestion is to come during happy hour, to get the dollar off beers and $5 appetizers. Their regular menu prices are a little pricey, and if you are not a total fan already or just looking for a decent place to have beer, it can seem a little over priced.I will definitely return to this place, it beats the Madisons up the street!
2	Just want to qualify my review before I get into it.  1) I don't really drink, so the extensive fine beer, wine and other alcoholic beverages was not a big draw for me. 2) I was there for a coworker's birthday dinner and we had a large group.I arrived on time at Gordon Biersch, and there was only 1 couple that was there on time waiting for the rest of the group to show. I spoke to the hostesses and they were very friendly.  The restaurant wasn't very crowded at all for a Friday evening at 7pm. And they have already setup the table for our large party. After debating what to order, I opted for the House Special Gorgonzola Bone-In Ribeye Steak. It is an 18 oz steak topped with Gorgonzola butter, served with garlic mashed potatoes and vegetables for $27.95.  When it was served, the steak was definitely huge and cooked to my desired doneness of medium rare. But the flavor of the steak was totally underwhelming, and I question if they even used at least USDA Choice grade steak.  Pretty disappointing, considering that I can grill a mean steak at home or in the culinary school's kitchen. A friend ordered a Vegetarian Pizza.  That looks good and although they were not hungry, they still managed to finished all of it.  Definitely a better sign. Anyway, service was okay.  Our waitress kept coming back to ask if we were ready to order, but since not everyone has arrived we decided to wait and she had to come back several times.  So A+ for the patience in dealing with a large party and the indecision when it comes time to order.  But she lost some points for neglecting to mention that an additional 18% is automatically added to the amount charged when the credit card is swiped.  Even if the amount charged already factored in the mandatory 18% tip.  So had we not caught the billing irregularity, the waitress would have made way more than 18%.  So D- for that. Also the water served didn't taste that good. I am sure they use some sort of water filtration system, but the Las Vegas water still won and what we were served tasted more like common tap water from Lake Mead. A lemon wedge would have helped masked the taste, but none were offered. Overall, I would only give this Gordon Biersch a 2 star rating.  Food was just not that good. I am sure the beer is at least decent and at $5 per glass, that seems like a good price.  But food really was a major let down. The chicken wings were way too sweet. Bone-In Ribeye, which is one of the most expensive menu item, but had a Denny's taste.  I definitely would not recommend anyone to come here for the food alone.  If you need a place to hang out and get some beer and relax and watch ESPN, I guess you could come here, but there are way more better options around town.
4	Steak Fritas are awesome. Service was a bit slow but that was due to the waitress getting double sat. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was open and comfortable.
5	I love it! Cool atmosphere with a variety of Televisions, and a brewery on site (though I hate beer). They made my burger JUST right, (I like my meat like I like my women, bloody and with a little fight left in 'em) and it was delicious! Service was friendly and prompt, food came instantly. GET PECAN CHICKEN. omg get it, but it's cooked with sherry so, be en guarde.Transfriendly- yyyyea? yea prolly like a little wierd.
3	went in for lunch on my birthday. for some reason, i remembered them having lunch specials, which they actually dont.started off with a cocktail. got the geisha. not what i expected, but i drank it anyway. i ordered the kobe sliders and a cup of the lobster bisque. the sliders were ok. they came with onion strings, which were actually really good. the lobster bisque was waaaaaaaay salty, even for my taste (i like salthy food...but that was more than my pallet could handle).im not big on being the "hey! its my birthday!" person, so i said nothing. but i figured our server would have noticed its my birthday and at least say "oh! happy birthday!", but no. didnt even notice. our check came out to a little over $45 for my boyfriends drink and sandwich, and my drink, sliders and soup, a little more than what i would have spent for it.service was ok. i think he could tell we were really just there to eat, and didnt bother us too much. that - i appreciate. although he was fairly interactive with his other tables, who seemed to be regulars there.i remember coming here before, and i cant remember if i liked it or not. maybe not? maybe i'll have to come back for the beer, if i do come back.
4	If eating a rack of ribs from Ellis Island isn't enough to fill you up... drive down the road to Gordon Biersch for their Happy hour.  Kudos on the happy hour menu, we got the slider combo -6 sliders and garlic fries for $11? awesome!  after a few margaritas ($5 bucks each) this was an excellent place to watch Monday night football.... especially when Chargers kicked some BUTTs!Go bolts!
2	Gordon Biersch is close to a hotel I use when in Vegas on business.I've eaten here several times, over a two-year period, and used to like the place. But, my recent experiences have been disappointing.Things got off to a poor start when we were seated at an unstable table that rocked like a small boat on the high seas.  We were told that was the only available table...but it wasn't.  We insisted on being reseated and another table became magically available after we challenged the "no other tables" explanation.  We were re seated, and ordered a couple of their in-house microbrews. The beers were OK but lacked character, perhaps my memories of their beer were incorrect, or perhaps they have a new brewmeister..maybe new recipes? I ordered the new york steak and tempura shrimp combo and...well...the tempura shrimp are not like the light flakey  tempura you might find in a Japanese place. Gordon Biersch "tempura" seems to be  just battered shrimp, and the batter is little better than what you might find at a fast food place. The steak was more or less an Applebee's quality steak, and the garlic mashers were average at best.  I realize the prices here are less than on the strip...but come on.  You can beat Applebee's for God's sake.Still, the place is conveniently located, so we went back again, a couple nights after our mediocre experience, hoping for a better outcome.  Nope.This time the service was poor and their signature KOBE burger came well done when ordered medium rare. We had to get up and find our waiter to order a replacement.  Even the replacement burger was a disappointment:  A perfectly formed hockey puck of beef (read made in a burger press), a slice of cheese that looked like a Kraft single, a very basic bun, a tiny side of fries and not much else.  We then had to ask twice for some ketchup for the fries. When the best thing you can say about a $14 burger is "the bun was fresh" it's not a good value.All in all, I see no reason to give them a 5th chance.
3	Last time I was here with Dalton the service was crappy. This time the guy never asked to refill my iced tea and tried to take away my plate before I was finished. Then he was back like every minute to see if I was finished. I felt like I was being rushed out! And why are the garlic fries always burnt? Only reason I don't give them two stars is the free wi-fi and Steelers game on the big screen.
3	My boyfriend and I had our birthday dinner here during their late night happy hour. We had a group of about 20 people that were all seated within the same corner of the bar area. We were stressing out beforehand because we knew it was first come first serve and we were expecting close to 30 people that would all show up at different times. Luckily the bar area wasn't very busy that night, so we were all able to sit in the same area. Me and my bf ordered our food and drinks once we got there and closed our bill immediately because we didn't want to go thru the whole craziness of huge group bill. Good thing we did that, because when more people started arriving, the waitress told them all that she couldn't split any bills because "it would just be too hard." I shared the calamari ($7) and slider combo ($11) with my boyfriend. We substituted the pulled pork sliders for kobe since my bf said the pulled pork was too oily and saucy last time he came, so we got garlic fries and 6 kobe sliders. I only had a couple pieces of fries. They were pretty good and very garlicky, but I didn't want dragon breath as I was hosting the dinner. The sliders were mediocre, nothing special. I ate about two and got bored. The calamari was good. I always like it when my calamari comes with marinara. I wish the menu would've mentioned  the other sauce having horse radish though. I hate horseradish!A couple of my friends ordered me drinks. I was given a raspberry ice pick, which was nice and refreshing and a Long Island Iced Tea, which I only drank about a fourth of and gave the rest to my brother because I felt like it was going to make me pass out on the floor.  All in all, mediocre food (at least during happy hour), mediocre service, good drinks, and a good place for groups. 3 stars for you!
4	Food was good. I love that they have a vegetarian menu... I had the mushroom Philly it was really good... My friend had the French toast w/ eggs and bacon pretty good -- -great food and great service - - prices not that bad either
4	Very comfortable atmosphere with plenty of staff for a pleasant lunch.  We started with one of their seasonal appetizers,  the Fish Taquitos were delicious.  Served with a drizzle of sour cream, guacamole and a tomato / pepper dip.I had the Blackened Mahi mahi sandwich and my date had the Chicken and Avocado sandwich.  Both were delicious served with garlic fries.  In some cases I have found garlic fries to be overpowering but these were lightly seasoned and delicious.The restaurant is about 3/4 of a mile from the strip, a walk that does well to work up an appetite or work off part of a meal.As a micro-brew fan, I look forward to trying other Gordon Biersch locations.
2	January 2011Don't get me wrong, I love Gordon Biersch . . . their happy hour is pretty awesome, but my last  visit to this particular establishment sucked !Pros-* awesome happy hour menu w/ cheap eats* good selection of brews (including GB home brews)* chill atmosphere with outdoor patio areaCons-* bad service* slow service* would not accommodate our seating request* No reservations at bar. Not even for large groups!Tips-* if you go with a large group of people, make sure to bring cash* happy hour is limited strictly to the bar area.  Sit at the bar itself for quicker service (not the surrounding tables in the bar area).* the patio is part of the bar area.  Make sure to take advantage of it. * heat lamps are available on those colder Nevada nights.* Summerlin GBs has way better service (I'm just saying) !Overall-I love GBs , but I don't think I'll be returning to this particular location.  The server was horrible and it was evident that she was having a bad day.  She did not smile and was frustrated the whole time because we had a larger party.  We tried to get seating near the bar for those that were under age in our party.  The server explained that it was "closed" and that if they wanted to join us, we'd all have to move to the dining area.  She was not helpful at all and did not even make the effort to help us.  The food was good as always and my company was great so I had a good time.  It's a disappointment that the service was subpar.
4	I stopped by with some friends for dinner and I ended up having the sliders.  They were great!  I also had something call a Raspberry Ice Pick which was pretty good too, plenty of beer on tap and a very nice atmosphere for a date or just friends going out.  Great Place!
3	I came here with 2 other couples and our 5 kids a couple of weeks ago. We had to wait forever for our table but it was packed so I understand how that goes.Our server seemed scared when he saw all of the kiddos in our group..which I found pretty funny. That apparently effected him through out the meal since he was not doing a very good job.I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with some really yummy garlic fries.The burger was done proper and was really fresh as far as the toppings went. Those fries were addicting.We also had a plate of homemade potato chips that are loaded with bacon & cheese..those were even better than the fries. They get 5 stars!So if you go there and get "Skippy" the waiter..good luck. LOLLets just hope he was having an off day...Oh..the beer I had was perfect...love the beer here!
5	I love Gordon Biersch!  My husband and I met there!  They have happy hr everyday! Thats right!  7 days per week.  There beers are awsome.  It's a very relaxed place to be, you can come in a suit or jeans.  They have Sunday brunch with a live band.  It's a nice place to go and dance, and hang with the more mature crowd.The crab cakes are the best I've ever had!  Real lumps of crab, not a lot of fillers.The seasame chicken!  Wow, you might slap the person next to you, it's so good.  I love there pizzas, and there sliders too.  There's a lot to choose from on the menu.Did I say they have happy hr 7 days a week?  Oh, and 2 times a day!
4	After a long day of travel including numerous airport related delays I checked in to my hotel and walked over to GB. I found a great table, ordered an ice tea and some of their Tex-Mex spring rolls. Wow. The day ended much better than it had been to that point. Overall a great experience. Superb atmosphere and a great place to catch a game with well placed TVs.
1	My husband brews his own beer so when we realized this restaurant was just across the street from our hotel we had to try it.He said the beers were good, the food was excellent, the service was horrible.The waitress walked away from our table before we finished ordering.  Never returned for refills or to check up on us.  It was not crowded.  Only about 20 customers.When we asked for the manager he seemed not to care about our comments
4	Went with a small group and most of us ordered the Kobe burger. The consensus was that it was one of the best burgers in town. The garlic fries were tasty, but a little too salty for me. The Czech Pilsner was great and the service was fine.
5	Seriously, the Bacon Cheeseburger with garlic fries is my ultimate meal.  The fries have garlic and Parmesan on them but they are crispy on the outside.  Do yourself a favor and skip the lettuce and tomato.  My wife loves the cedar plank salmon with pecans..
1	I definitely had my expectations of this place set WAY TOO HIGH.I came here with a group of friends on a Sunday Brunch. There wasn't much of a wait for it being around 2 in the afternoon. Had a good group of people with us, and as i walk up to the hostess counter and tell her our number of people in our party, all i got was the "really, that many" sort of look. The roll of the eyes, the walk away unhappily before staring up and down at our entire groups' clothes, was not in the least pleasant. I'd say the two hostesses were quite rude if you ask me. It's your first priority to make the customers feel welcome the moment they walk in the door, we definitely should have left after the initial greeting, we had no idea it would be the initial horrible experience we should have foreseen at the beginning.Our large group got the nice little back room to our selves. pretty open, quiet and enough seating for all of us and it was away from the jazz band playing during the Sunday Brunch.  It definitely felt like the restaurant was going for an older scene with the jazz band. Definitely no place for the 20 somethings that we were, walking in our pajamas and sweats after a long night of partying.  Just a bit annoying that when the door to our room was initially closed, they kept opening the door.So maybe the 9 out of 11 of us, actually order food. Food was overall very good, decent amount of time taken to actually get our drinks, take our order, get our food and then finally get our check. So for prompt service, for the most part, i'll give you guys that.But one of my friends ordered a tomato juice. just regular plain tomato juice.  A few of us got alcoholic beverages, and got them as soon as we got our waters. but 20 minutes later, we get the tomato juice? seriously? were you guys opening up another can of tomato juice that was in the cellar down stairs, that was behind all the cartons of orange juice and milk?  The Bloody Mary I ordered had tomato juice.... couldn't get the tomato juice from the bar? I don't know if it was just our server, but she didn't seem all quite there...So here's where I absolutely could not stand the rest of our experience. yes, we know big groups you have to add gratuity, i get it. and thankfully that's all we gave our server for the experience.  I've worked in a restaurant and know how things work. 2 things on our bill were never accounted for. So another friend ordered a side of fruit, which we never got. So while splitting up the check i kindly asked if we can get it. first the server suggests she take it off but i said can we just get it instead. the server then suggests do you want it to-go. I agreed thinking i'd get the side of fruit in a small to go cup, and what does she walk back with.... a side of fruit in a regular bowl. so I don't get how she was the one who initiated the food to-go and we didn't even get it.... Then on top of that, while paying the bill equally among cash and credit cards, I wrote down how much should be paid on each card. wrote down amount, last name that belonged to the card, and the last 4 of the card. Pretty simplified, easy to read. One of my friends should have only had no more than $10 charged on her card. instead while preparing to sign it, she's like am i reading this right, $60?  and when i go tell our server, she said her manager was the one who charged the different cards. so you're telling me a manager doesn't know what he's doing????? Just because we're a bunch of young people who like to party cuz it's VEGAS doesn't mean you can try to take advantage of us. WOW.Rude Hostesses, Dimwitted Servers, and Uneducated Managers?thanks, but no thanks.never will return to this location. sorry.
3	The GB is pretty solid. However.. the brewers feast is getting smaller.. I NOTICED!!!! do i get a prize? The feast is shrinking but the price isnt.. seriously i dont care about price and never even mention it until i feel like i got screwed.. the GB.. not a screw job yet.. but in the danger zone.. the meals are getting smaller and the price is the same.. but food is good and the beers are solid. I would reco this joint to most people.. I only complain.. because i want u to notice.... that we notice... go work with your landord and adjust your lease.. dont take it out on the patrons..
4	I had lunch at noon and there was no wait. The restaurant had clients but the service was prompt and with good quality.  The waiter continuously replaced the my drinks (coffee and club soda), she did it so much and w/o asking if I wanted another one that I left two full drink.  Advice, warn your server once your thirsts is quenched!  Overall a good experience, great service, and a decent food selection.
4	I love their ribeye gorgonzola. Good price, beer and food.
4	I've been there before and enjoyed it.  But I will be there in a few short minutes and I can't wait for a ice cold brew!
5	one of my most favorite breweries in Vegas.^^----Time Spentprolly 30+ visits past 4yrs.----LAYOUTspacious open seating built out of an old fire station's hull and complete with garage doors left from the past.   there are godzilla size beer vats at the far side of the entrance...   while not a very original layout, i think you will found it charming nonetheless.^^----SERVICEattentive and friendly staff...   the food delivery at the bar seem faster then on the floor.i LOVE the menu.   although not several pages deep, i've been surprised by everything i've tasted on the menu.^^   F*CK.... where do i start.?!  my mouth starts to water as i think about the selection... LMAO.!!for those coming to Vegas and want that UNIQUE experience in food...  both the sampler platters (Chef's Sampler/Brewer's Feast) have flavorful surprises.   i do like the rest of the appetizer menu, but the sampler platters are really where you want to start.!main platter wise...  i've had their salads, but recommend the variety of pizzas (Pepp & Sausage) or fish (Chilean Bass - NOT Lobster Mac & Cheese - meh).   what really stands above the rest is their New York Steak & Shrimp...  very juicy... omg - so juicy.... LOLz.my only CON with the menu is the Bistro Steak Medallions.   it was the very first thing i had at Gordon Biersch and recalled the portions small and the taste to be forgettable.  *cry*finally, what's a Brewery without it's beers right.?   Gordon Biersch's beers were MEH to me... LOLz.   however, i NEVER go there without having at least 2 orders of my favorite Marzen.   OMG - the MARZEN is sooo good.^^   that dark drink that leaves my mouth with a smooth somber after taste.  *dies*----PRICINGi don't recall the menu breaking the bank.   probably slightly more expensive then a trip to Outback Steakhouse.   i tend to eat a lot, so my bill averages $50 vs the $30 that i would spend at Outback...  i dunno if that'll help u gauge.----CLOSINGif not for my discovery of Hot n Juicy Crawfish or my MOST favorite Ichiza...   Gordon Biersch use to be my favorite regular spot to hit for a place to kickback and relax.   you NEED to really try their sampler plates and the NY Steak at least once during ur Vegas visit.^^ ..... OR DIE..   jk.^^
3	Good brewery, just like the one in San Diego but bigger. Love their beer, always fresh and always a good seasonal to choose from. A little ways down the strip but still easy to get to and not too pricey. Good food for sure with nice beer pairings. Good place for a chill lunch and brew without breaking the bank.
5	Not only is happy hr 7 days a week, as long as there's a football game on......Happy hr is on!
4	Excellent service and food on a Wednesday evening.   We will probably be back on Friday before we leave town.
3	Came here for a lunch with colleagues and ordered the creole chicken from the "lighter menu" (items are under 575 calories).  It was pretty good!  I was pleasantly surprised.  The last few times I visited GB, I was not impressed with the service or the food quality, given the prices and the hype ("meh" food and servers who were obviously faking friendly service).  Our server was training a newbie, so the service wasn't stellar overall, but they tried to be upbeat and friendly.  One suggestion for the staff: if you know that a party is coming in for a work lunch, you may want to suggest separate checks from the get-go.  Most of the time, your customers will appreciate the gesture.3* until my next visit proves otherwise.
4	Fantastic pecan salmon! So amazing! The burger was great too! The garlic fries are addictive and pungent! And the brownie was the best I'd ever had! Great place to blow the little winnings we did have.
4	I have been to this GBBC location many times in the last couple years.  Its a very good place to go if you are living at the Residence Inn across the street as I did for a while.  The beers they brew there are all pretty good, although some of them are pretty strong and they sneak up on you.  I have found myself stumbling back across the street more than once because of them.  I especially like going to the Gordon Biersch on Sunday afternoons.  They usually have a band and the place is always filled with these cool locals who must come here after church.  The odd thing is, they are always dressed a little like pimps or something.  I've never seen anything like it before.  But it is cool as hell because everyone there always seems to be having a good time. But I always feel a little under-dressed.  Where would one buy a purple velvet suit anyway?I've had almost everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.The service has always been great.  I have been to other GBBC locations and this one sets the standard.
2	Went to this place for a dinner presentation. Slowest service I've ever encountered for such an event (and I've been to many). Salads arrived about 45 minutes after the program started, and it was almost two hours before the first dinner plate hit the table. When I contacted the manager this was explained away by saying that the presenter requested a 20-minute lag between ordering and preparation (there is a bit of a difference between 20 minutes and almost two hours). Went to another presentation about a week later at another place and we were done with everything (including dessert) in 15 minutes less than it took GB to just bring us our entrees. I can't say how good the food was, because I had to choke mine down in order to get home by 10 PM (from a presentation that began at 6:30). Color me unimpressed.
3	Had a work dinner meeting here last week and was a little iffy on coming here at first. When I hear Gordon Biersch I instantly think of beer. I am not a beer drinker so I thought I should maybe eat beforehand. A little glad I didn't though. I thought about beer and bar food and even if I was a little right, the choices on their happy hour menu were awesome. We were there at 5pm and learned their happy hour menu was still going on for quite some time. so that is a plus if you like decently priced food and great happy hour beers.I ordered the garlic fries for $5 dollars because I was told I had too. (not to mention the smell of them lured me in when they were being delivered to a neighboring table.) along with a happy hour sized bbq chicken pizza. (so.much.food. for $10 total!) the garlic fries were very intensely flavored and left me warding off vampires for a few days to follow. I ate about 2 slices of the pizza before my stomach started to hurt from the food overload.the service was alright. our waitress was nice at first, but near the end I feel like she was starting to get annoyed with us and our little work meeting. (we were paying customers though!) that turned me off.I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could. the food was good and the amount of choices i had were even better. I made it home with loads of leftovers.
4	Never ever have I had a bad experience here! The 1st time we went we went with a couple that was already familiar with the brewery.. & was introducing it to us. They knew exactly what to order & what to  suggest. Since then we've been many times & have taken friends that are here visiting Vegas..Im not a big hummus fan but their hummus is very tasty.. seasoned perfectly &  is really smooth not grainy.Burgers- juicy & flavorful!Lobster bisque- creamy & thickgarlic fries- Yuuuum!pizza's- crust is perfectly cooked & sauce is tastysteak with shrimp- steak juicy, aged, shrimp big & cooked perfectly.Happy hour is great too.. must sit in bar area to get happy hour pricing.. many drinks & beers are discounted.. & very good size portion tapa style happy hour food. If with others order a few diff ones & share!I'll keep going here & keep taking people here! Even went to the one in Honululu airport!! lol
5	Just giving an updated review cause they have their Winterbock menu now!! Winterbock beer- great carmel chocolate flavor but ours were a little flat & not cold enough for me.Chili- Impressive. very tasty & hearty.. a cup wasn't so small. shared it with my husband.basic side salad- ordered this as my app & it's not so basic..lol. spiced pecans, tom, cucumber, cheddar cheese, pepper jack cheese & jalepeno ranch!!! YuM yUm!California Cobb flatbread- the fresh greens they tossed in balsamic vinegrette dressing then put on top, is what completes the taste of this flatbread.. must try. loved that they didn't use blue cheese!We will be back to try some other items before they take their winter menu away :)
5	Gordon Biersch Brewery at Paradise RdGordon Birsch is not far from the strip. Although it is not very easy to navigate to its spacious parking lot, it'd be well worth the effort, especially for its famous Happy Hours (3-7pm, AND 9pm-Closing!)- Its Happy Hour menu has a nice selection of tasty dishes, starting at $5), and a variety of German beers, especially their special "SEASONAL" beers, are legendary; not to mention its selection of wines and well drinks. - This location has an impressive brew kettle tower by the front door (much like that at the BJ, Yard House and the Chicago Brewery). Its square bar is huge and classy, as well as comfortable; there are also many bar tables and booths as well. It even has a corner space for occasional live entertainments on special occasions such tapping a new seasonal beer!The barkeeps and the serving crew are very efficient and friendly, making customers feel comfortable and welcome.This place seems to be always busy with happy, repeat customers, and many tourists. It is generally quite crowded and loud - a very typical HH atmosphere in a good bar/restaurant. I enjoy very much my frequent happy hours with local friends here, and having occasional dinners with out of town friends.By the way, please note that their "Seasonal Beers", which are NOT listed on the regular drinks menu, could have an usually high alcohol content, so be sure to ask the barkeep of their alcohol contents, just in case you don't want to be OVERLY happy by surprise!Peterskis12/15/11
4	Just had lunch there.  So good, great service.
5	Not being a meat eater, it's hard for me to find a place that offers a dish that I don't have to make changes to, but this place had a seasonal dish: butternut squash farfalle. Squash, pasta, pecans, pesto sauce and roma tomatoes and beyond wonderful. My husband ordered a burger and it came with garlic fries. Not garlic salt, but real garlic and he couldn't get enough. We each ordered a beer and when mine came, I was really sad, because it tasted like Coors (I had ordered one of their brews). A moment later our waitress returned with another beer and apologizes, saying she had grabbed the wrong one (it was a Bud Lite). I am not sure of which one I ordered, but it was incredibly good. The staff was very friendly and efficient.
1	As a regular of this chain,  this is by far the WORST FOOD I have tried to eat. Consistency in food preparation does not exist between locations.The House Salad was incredibly small for the price and compared to other locations. The chicken wings dry (lacking glaze) and over cooked.It would ne irresponsible of me to recommend this to anyone. This establishment is far to exspensive have an extremely poor quality of food product. I will not ever return.
5	The food is great but the staff is what keeps me coming back. I would have to say the bar staff especially Matt and Billy are my favorite bartenders.  Highly knowledgeable with the various types of beers.  They even offer samples of GB own brews.  Happy hour is still packed --standing room only. Its a great stop to people watch. Try the goat cheese, humus with chicken or the oven baked pizzas. Thanks to this fabulous staff for making my stay in Vegas all the more better!
2	I enjoyed myself at this place; the beer was great, the food, not so great, but what a selection! I had the Steak Frites, and it just wasnt a great cut--very chewy. But no worries. It was my first time there, and as I looked around, I thought about what a great first date place this could be, or even a nice place to catch a game sometime. When I had eaten all I could, there was still alot left over. My food sat and sat there until Ifinally asked for a to go container. That's what I got--a container. I had to load it myself. ok...again...no worries. Granted, I was now drunk, but in my 40 odd years on Earth, I have never once forgotten to pay a check. I paid my check (cash), got change, and left a generous tip WITH THAT CHANGE. By the time I get to the parking lot, I'm chased down by one of the bar men, saying sir, u have to pay your bill. I assumed they had me confused with someone else. I asked how much "I owed". and he said the amount of my bill which I indeed remembered was the amount I had paid. I went back inside, to show my face to the barmaid who had been taking care of me, and asked if she got the tip. She said she had, but not the bill. How does one get the tip I paid with the change I got from breaking the $100...without remembering breaking the $100?! They "graciously" checked her drawer to see if there was an overage, there "was not". I don't think that if she took the money, she wouldve put it in her drawer! Rather than concern the police, I paid again (no tip the 2nd time! lol) The warning here is, altho it's a decent place, just pay strict attention when you pay, to whom you pay, and get a receipt! Better yet, pay with credit cards. Otherwise, a decent night can become an embarrassing nightmare.
5	Stopped in for a quick dinner and all I can keep thinking is when will I be able to go back. Chicken and shrimp potstickers as an appetizer was packed full of flavor. Be careful with their Dijon Mustard that is drizzled on the plate. To be honest it made me feel like a dragon breathing fire out of my nose. I ordered the Cajun shrimp tacos which were packed full of flavor and absolutely delicious. The shrimp hold their own against the cabbage and tortilla which I find other restaurants struggle to do. Maybe it was my awesome waitress Sarah or the super sweet strawberry lemonade but I couldn't keep a smile off my face the entire night. MMMMMM tasty.
4	I brought some clients in on Presidents day and it wasn't busy due to the holiday. Our waitress helped us immediately with ordering our drinks.My order the Ahi salad - The tuna was blackened and seared rare over fancy greens and a balsamic vinaigrette and Cajun remoulade. Very good flavor and the Ahi was really tender and full seared perfectly.Productive client meeting - my half a million dollar project will start next month!
3	I absolute loved the beer. The serviced sux though. I had the farmhouse burger which was really cheap and a large portion. My husband had the Colby burger. It was way more expensive and looked like a plain old back yard BBQ burger.
3	After living in this area for so long, I finally tried Gordon Biersch. Of course what intrigued me to come was the happy hour menu. My friend and I came around 10 at night on a Wednesday. There was a private party going on at one side of the bar area so it made it seem sort of packed. Other than that I think the amount of people there was the standard small size crowd for a week night. Unlike Yard House, the happy hour here is only for the bar area. So I guess I can't bring my friends who aren't of age yet.  First we received our drinks, I ordered the Marzen beer and she ordered a mojito.  I'm kind of embarrassed to write this, but I am honestly not a beer drinker and it tasted normal to me?  I only drank a few sips and that was it! hahaha.  I feel like I wasted the other 3/4 that was left. Oh well, good thing we bought it at happy hour price. My friend also said her mojito was just "okay." After she tasted her drink she wished she had the Dragon fruit strawberry mojito which sounded 10 x better than the boring classic. As for the food, we ordered the Southwest Combo and calamari. I really enjoyed the garlic fires because of the Parmesan cheese and the garlic flavored oil drizzled on top. I also thought the calamari, was pretty standard. However, I am not a fan of the other items that came with the Southwest Combo. The egg rolls was on the verge of having soggy wrapper and the pork sliders were nothing special. We order the mini warm apple bread pudding for dessert. It was delicious especially the contrast of textures and flavors between the bread, caramel, and apple. If you want dessert but don't have enough room for a normal size one, the mini is perfect. I really want to come here again to try other items on the HH menu, but I don't know if it's worth it knowing other places (ie Yard House) have better selection, quality, and prices. Therefore 3 stars.
5	Stopped in for Happy Hour and either they have some really potent beer or man does their Lobster & Shrimp Mac 'N Cheese just blow my palate away. Absolutely the creamiest, richest and heavenly tasting thing I have had that isn't some form of steak. I wish you could have seen the expression on my face as the bartender asked how I liked it. For a minute he was worried I was having some kind of medical issue as I slowly regained consciousness from the coma of deliciousness. The cheese bread they served with it was toasted to absolute perfection with a harder cheese encrusting a soft creamy cheese that completely melted in my mouth. For twenty dollars I am hard pressed to think of a meal I would rather have. The bartenders were friendly. The drinks were decent. I would honestly keep coming back and ordering the Mac 'N Cheese to go and eating it in my car just to have some alone time. Perhaps I am still under the influence of that intoxicating dish... Go see for yourself and I promise you wont regret it. (Unless you are counting calories. In that case run for the hills.)
3	Solid chain, so I will hold off on the major ratings here. Good beers, decent enough bar food, tons of tvs, and a very open space. Its one of those "safe bet" for a chain spot.  You know exactly what you are going to get here, plus you can drink beers, and eat garlic fries, then stand uncomfortably close to your friends and stink them out
4	Not sure where to start with this. My rating level fluctuated all night due to a variety of influences, but I wound up being "a fan" by the end.The service was pretty mediocre. Yeah, it was busy since it was St. Patrick's Day and a Saturday night to boot, but I still have reasonable expectations. It seemed like forever for them to bring food out, and my friend's whiskey on the rocks took way longer than the other drinks for no good reason. We also had to ask twice for the vegetarian menu, and this was for the birthday boy no less. Finally, it took them forever for them to bring us our check even though it was clear that we had finished our food. You know, based on them clearing out our empty plates and whatnot.However, I did enjoy my half-liter (standard size, apparently) of Marzen beer, and the food was pretty decent (but nothing special) overall. My kobe burger was nothing special, so I'd recommend that you pick one of the other burgers instead. The garlic fries were delicious though, the fish portion of the fish and chips was really nice, and the potato chips nacho appetizer that my friends were sharing wasn't bad.Even so, this would probably be a three-star review if it wasn't for one thing: they had my Sharks game playing on TV. We were playing the Red Wings, and a couple of their fans just so happened to be sitting near our section and had the TV tuned in to the game. Now this happened to be on the NBC Sports Network and wasn't a legit regional broadcast, and it wasn't in HD for whatever reason, but I'm still very happy that I caught the game because we won in overtime and managed to climb back into position for a playoff spot down the stretch.I don't think I'd pick this place over Yard House if I had the choice in the future, but I still had a good time here, and I think most people can enjoy this place too.
4	I stayed across the street from this restaurant for a few days and wound up having a few different meals here. The food I had - some sliders, a spinach salad, and a pulled port sandwich - was all delicious. The prices were a little on this high side, but nothing unreasonable or unexpected for the area.The beers were a little uninspiring, but it's possible that my bar is set too high for mass-produced microbrews. I recommend the Marzen and the Schwarzbier - definitely the two best ones of the bunch.I enjoyed this restaurant and would definitely go back if it was so convenient - but I'm not sure it's really worth going out of the way for.
4	I was not expecting to it to be this good.    Our server and bartender had knowledge of the menu/bar and we received immediate delivery of drinks and food.Went there with 12 co-workers and we ate and drank for hours.   I had the salmon served on a cedar block.  It came with ginger rice and veggies.    Also drank their dark beer.I ate someone's dessert.   Its four big shot glasses of different items.   There was a strawberry cheesecake, coffee dark chocolate cake, milk chocolate fudge and a apple caramel bread pudding served warm.   Big space, plenty of parking, television screens everywhere, high ceilings and a casual / modern interior.  I'll be back.
4	Came down to meet a friend who was watching the game. Really big place which helps keep the noise level down.  We sat at the bar the gentleman sitting next to us offered to move over so we had enough seats. I am not a big beer drinker but since it is a brewery I had to get one!  I got a Hefeweizen I like the citrus hint in this beer.  The standard beer size is a half pint that seemed about right for me perfect size. We had the Crab stuffed shrimp very delicious.  I love love love crab cakes and this was close to that but even better because it is stuffed in a shrimp!  Our second appetizer was Crab & Artichoke Dip with crostinis.  There was melted cheese on top and lumps of crab so they are not slighting you in the crab department!  Both of our appetizers were big and tasted great!  I would go back for the happy hour, it runs from 3 until 7 and 10 until close.  $5 appetizers  that is about half price to the normal.  $1 off signature beers.  There is actually quite a few more specials for happy hour but those were the only one I paid attention to!
4	It's part of a chain, but they brew on site.  The food was fine - enjoyed the fish tacos.  Service was good.  Got the taster set and the best was the Mai Bock (last year's seasonal) so enjoyed that.  We also hit the A1A Brewery (part of same chain) in St. Augustine and it's good too.
3	Can be annoyingly crowded.  Food quality is generally good but frequently overpriced. Happy Hour is 7 days a week (awesome) with fairly pricey food deals and only $1 off beers. The $5 Happy Hour cocktails are a good deal and they have a great variety of these.
3	Must try the shrimp and lobster mac & cheese!! It is the only reason I am giving three stars.   I wasn't too impressed by the Kobe burger.  I asked for it cooked medium but it was charred well done and very dry. The service was good - prompt and attentive.     I'd go back for that Mac & cheese!
4	The last time I went here was at the Honolulu location in 2000. From what I could recall, they had pretty good food so I thought we would give it a shot. I didnt want to disappoint since I suggested it to my family that was visiting from Iowa.I called ahead to make arrangements since there was 9 in our party. They were very accomodating and seated us right away, to my surprise since it was a Saturday.Our waitress was VERY friendly and was very attentive. Our drinks were refilled promptly and without us even having to ask, or having to remind her what we were drinking. I ordered the Pulled Pork and Garlic Fries and the hubby ordered the Bleu Cheese Burger. We ended up sharing off of each others plates because the food was so good. The garlic fries and ranch are awesome!!!At the end of our meal we ordered the Warm Apple Bread Pudding w/ whiskey sauce. It was very delicous, the whiskey sauce was the perfect compliment.I know this is a beer place but I dont drink...I know, how do you go to Vegas and NOT drink, I promise you it can be done LOLWish this place wasnt so far away, but def next time I'm in Vegas I will pay them a visit.
3	Went here because it was near the hotel we were staying at. The food is pretty good. For appetizers we had the egg rolls and they were good. I had the lobster/crab cake sandwich and it was awesome I must admit. It was the real deal (no imitation here). This sandwich was a little pricey for a "sandwich" 16.50, however it was well worth it. Huge in size, well seasoned, and well put together. My daughter had the steak tacos and she thoroughly enjoyed it. The hubby had the spinach salad with salmon and he had no complaints. My son had the NY steak sandwich and he said it was just okay.The service was subpar. Our waitress was forgetful and the manager ended up helping her out.
2	Coming here was a last minute decision due to Firefly's long wait. I was told that this place was great and it was just like Yardhouse, BJ's, and Chicago Brewing Co. This made me excited because I love all of those places.Once we were seated, I realized that all the tables were so close together even though the restaurant wasn't even packed. Generally, I like the brewhouse feel. I was so excited to try the housemade root beer here. It's funny because I usually hate root beer but after trying Chicago Brewing Co.'s housemade stuff, I am so intrigued to try housemade root beer. To my disappointment, all of their drinks tasted like heavy syrup in each one. We got Strawberry Lemonade, Peach Iced Tea, and Homeade Root Beer. All of them were vigorously stirred and still tasted way too sweet. We ordered Tapas for appetizers. You can never really go wrong with Olive Tapenade and that's what I stuck with. It was good. For food, there was steak tacos, some flatbread stuff?, and veggie pizza. According to my friend, steak tacos were meh. Flatbread had no flavor. Veggie pizza was decent. Service was also somewhat lacking and irritatingly slow for how NOT busy it was. Too bad that this place wasn't that great. I really wanted to like it. Apparently, this place used to be banging every night before Yardhouse came around.
3	While staying in the area we went to Gordon Biersch twice (lunch/dinner).  Decent food, not a long wait and it's clean.   Their burgers were decent, tons of food and when they aren't super packed plenty of refills!
4	I didn't expect much from a brewery and our party was quite hungry by the time we got here. Our initial plan was to try the Firefly restaurant which was pretty much across the street, but it was packed and we didn't want to wait an hour. It was last Saturday night August and we were bummed and hungry. So we ended up walking across the street to Gordon's. I got the BBQ chicken pizza which was surprisingly delicious. I also ordered the NY strip steak with veggies and ordered it medium rare but of course it came out medium-medium well.  I was a little disappointed in that but ate it anyway. The flavor was good but a little tough since it was over cooked. Also ordered the gorgonzola pear salad and a beer.  That all came out to about $50.  Not overly priced at all!  Not  a place I would frequent in Vegas,  but it wasn't too bad!
4	Good service and a great spinach salad last week for lunch. Close to my office which really helps as well.
5	There was a tapping party on Tuesday, there Festier beer (I think that's how it's spelled) 1st off, I love Gordon Biersch, I've never had this beer before, and I loved, loved, loved it!  Did I mention the tapping parties are free if your a Stine member, maybe even a passport member.  So for 2 hours, you get all the beer you can drink, and they serve you food....Free, did I say free?  Sometimes they also have fundraisers.  But again they feed you, and free beer!We were there with friends, we decided after all the festivities were over to go and get a table.  She ordered Chicken Parmesan (I never saw this on the menu) I got my Potato chip nachos,  with extra cheese and Jalapenos.  They were good as always.  But I tasted the Chicken Parmesan...Whooa...How did I miss this amazing dish!  I'm not even a big Chicken Parmesan fan!  This dish was amazing!I can say I love almost every dish at Gordon Biersch that I've tried.  The burgers.....There OK.  I've been going here for over 8 yrs, and I love this place. Ohhh, yea, and  happy hour is 7 days a week 2 times a day!  That's what I'm talking about!
5	Ohhh yea!  Got the Chicken Parmesan, it was awsome!  I'm not even a chicken Parm, kinda gal, lol  But this was sooooooo good, I would for sure order this again.Also we got the Chicken wings, haven't ordered those in a while, they were sooooooooooo yummy!  Service is always awsome!Did I ever say how much I love this place?Happy hour is 7 days a week one from 3:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.mAnd from 10:00 p.m. to ClosingThe food on the Happy hr. menu starts at $5.00 for some pretty good stuff on it.
3	Always has great beer. The Vegas spot is a little sparse on the clientele in the evening, so don't expect to ignite your night here, but it is a great alternative to the Hofbrauhaus. Three stars, but solely on atmosphere - Vegas is all about the people you meet. Food not rated.
4	German food here is 10 times better than Hofbrauhaus!!!!  We went for Oktoberfest and they had a special menu with some German favorites on it. I got the sausage sampler [and why not I am in Vegas after all!].  It was delish!!!  Homemade mustards were to die for.  And the red smashed potatoes with kraut, pork and onions was AMAZING.  My friend kept stealing bites of my mashed potatoes b/c he liked it so much.  I had to be on the defense for the fork war that was going on.You can't find something on the menu here you have BIG issues.  It's almost overwhelming when you open it up there's a little bit of everything- seafood, pizza, pasta, sandwiches, German fare, burgers, Asian, etc you the ideaThey do have low calorie options as well; however,  I did not participate in them on this experience.Beer sampler is a steal at $5.75 esp when a regular beer is $5.25
4	I have to give this place at least 4 stars based on their service alone.  This week was only my 3rd time here in the last 2 years, but everytime I've been treated pretty good.  A couple of things first, it's always been on the weekdays, happy hour, and I always sat at the bar.  I've usually just have the HH food (i.e. sliders, fries, etc).  All are good, but nothing that sets them apart.  It's cheap though.  I recently tried the crab stuffed yellow tail.  Got to say, pretty good stuff.  Usually came out here to drink and can never complain about their selection.  Not too busy for a Gordon Biersch.  My 4 rating is mainly for the service, ambience, and beer.  For a restuarant somewhat close to the strip, you get that mix of the "Vegas Baby" crowd and locals.
3	A little pricey but very good food and beer.  Go there during happy hour and the prices are much more reasonable.  Excellent burgers and the lobster pasta is also very good.
4	Fun place for cold beer and good, casual food.  We closed up a trade show at 9:00 pm and went there - had a great time.  They brew an excellent selection of beer.  The food is good too.
1	Don't go there for lunch, service is slow, my order was wrong and there was no attempt to correct the problem. The manager walked past our table 3 times and never asked how our meal was. I've been to other Gordon Biersch around the country and not had this bad an experience. I guess it's typical for Vegas.
4	Great food and pretty good all around beer. The Schwartz beer worth trying as a sessionable black lager. Wit and Hefe will keep you relaxed in the summer!
3	its a typical 3.5-star restaurant. Nothing special - even their famous beer is not that great anymore. It doesnt mean their quality has fallen - today, we have a lot of restaurants/bar serving all kinds of beer from around the world. This makes G&B not so special anymore (it was 10 years ago).However, if you like watching basketball and football games, this is a place to go. They even have happy hours - you get $1 discount on all beers! Only a dollar but it counts. Other happy hour meals were like 5, 6, 7 dollars and they seem to be ok. I didnt order any of them - I dont order food based on the price. You live only once. Eat what you wanna eat. Then maybe you will get heart attack and die happily. Yes, food here is very greasy.
1	Service awful, people seem to be deaf here, no smile and unwilling to accommodate sittings when not even half of the space is occupied.
4	I took my parents to Gordon Biersch for dinner while they were in town.  the 4 stars is largely based on the service we received, it was prompt, courteous, and genuine.   My mother was interested in the Lobster Bisque but even a cup was too large a portion, so we didn't order it.  He later surprised her with a small ramekin of the soup.  It was very thoughtful and she was impressed by that.  We enjoyed the food and the overall experience.
2	I really want to give this place a better review but its my civic duty to warn my fellow yelpers of the horrid service I experienced here. I came in here on a Sunday around after studying at the library with two of my friends. As soon as we walked in the hostess seemed annoyed that she actually had to do some work. We finally got seated and our server came up and read off a prepared statement he had written down on his bad to talk about his beers. He took everyone order and never came back with our drinks =(. The really crappy thing is the fact that the food took forrrrever to come out. And we weren't the only ones. The manager just loved walking around doing absolutely nothing. I mean everyone in our section was sitting there for at least 30min+ with out any food and he just frolicked around the restaurant with a smile on his face like this is how it supposed to be.I hate the Kobe burger which was pretty whatever, just like an over-priced patty that people think is really high-end, but the garlic fries were pretty good. My friend had a lobster tacos which came with a cold side of rice/beans and for $15 he expected at least 3, not 2 tacos. Sucks for him. I've been here before for HH and its always been pretty good but i dunno wtf happened this time. Whatevers, ill check it out again for HH, but man that was a horrrrrible experiece
4	I visit Gordon Biersch more than any other restaurant near the strip.  This place is a favorite as I can do anything from a quick informal business lunch to a night out with the family here all while accumulating points on my Stein Club membership and enjoying some good beer. (The Stein Club is the best bargain in town, it was $20 for the base Passport membership and $20 on top of that.- for that I have a locker and name plate holding my Stein for my next visit.  This is a nice ice breaker when bringing guests in, and they all want one as well.  Gordon also has quarterly events for members that includes free food and beer with some additional events thrown in just for fun.  The rewards program has paid for itself and more!)As far as the menu, the lobster tacos and the Jambalaya are always good.For desert, try the bread pudding, even for those who don't usually like bread pudding this one has made fans.
4	Amazing food, beer & root beer!I came here for an end of the year feast with my coworkers a few days ago, and we were impressed. The restaurant is big and roomy, the ceiling is high like a cathedral and the giant windows makes the environment look bright and comfortable. The service was exceptional and there was never a moment we had to ask for a refill, even with +15 people.I had the salmon dish as well as the steak tacos. The steak is so tender it almost tastes like the salmon in terms of texture and consistency. Their garlic fries are amazing. The home-made root beer is excellent, if you're a root beer fan. If you want to try something exciting, I recommend the lobster tacos or the crab cakes. Despite whatever you order, everyone's feedback in the group seemed positive. Whether it was the BBQ hamburger, pasta, tacos or salmon, it was well enjoyed.I'm not sure if I would go here for sports events simply because there isn't enough TVs. In the corner I was sitting, the closest TV to me was about 6 yards away near the bar. So it's definitely not like The Boiling Crab or even Yardhouse in that regard. However, the Happy Hour should make it all worthwhile. I'm hoping to check out the HH the next time around.
5	I've only been here 2 or 3 times, and have had a great experince every time! From the really nice hostesses, super attentive server, to the manager coming by asking how everything was I felt like the staff were happy to be there which is refreshing! The food was amazing everytime, I like how wide of variety the menu has so whatever you're craving they have it, the potstickers are so delicious! All of the burgers are delicious too, my friends were pleased with their mushroom swiss, and kobe burgers! The're known for their garlic fries right when you walk in you can smell them, and they are so yummy!! For dessert we had a bread pudding which was SOOOOO GOOOD! I walked out of their full, and happy!!
5	I went here with friends and family after having just moved here. The atmosphere was great and they had good beer and cocktails. The waiter was excellent and very friendly. He remebered our order without every writing anything down and got everything correct, even though we were difficult with our orders. The food was excellent and the server constantly made sure we were taken care of. Defenitaley reccomend!!!
5	Stopped by for a quick lunch. Wasn't expecting the food that I had. You know, the meal where you say, I could come back here for dinner. Priced very well and the portions are great too! Must say, if you are looking for options with a nice brew, hit this one up; you will be happy you did!
3	Lunched it up with some coworkers here. It was your average bar food mixed with some other overpriced menu items. I really liked the garlic fries but I didn't find any reason that I would make a return trip.
2	Ok I just have to say this. Don't fu^%ing offer Kobe beef hamburgers and then not be willing to cook them medium rare. And then tell your waitress it's Nevada state law. I'm not a tourist. I fu*%ing LIVE here. I can go to any number of restaurants in Las Vegas and get a medium rare hamburger. It's like offering sushi grade tuna but only allowing you to get it breaded and fried. Such a waste. it wasn't even my order. It was my friend's order. But the more I think about it the angrier I get. I wouldn't normally even do a review of a chain restaurant, because I figure that's what I get for going to a chain restaurant. But I guess I just wanted you all to know.Other than that, the food was meh. Not as good as I remembered. Crab artichoke dip was good. Waitress was nice and attentive. I just can't quite get past the kobe burger thing. I can't. Oh and apparently the hostess thought it was proper form to look bored and walk away talking while seating us. Probably didn't help this review to be seated by someone who makes you feel like you're inconveniencing them by wanting to sit down. "Sorry, are we bothering you?"
4	I joined my coworkers for Happy Hour here yesterday from 3:30 to 6pm.  Because I work a mile away, this is probably the 50th time I've had HH here but this is my first post - mostly because I always have too much fun at HH and always have a good experience, so the need to review slips my mind.  But finally, I am reviewing the place that has probably been able to pay their electric bills from my tabs.  Here's the real deal.  ONLY GO HERE FOR HAPPY HOUR!!  The HH is from 3-6pm (and from 10pm to close) and has great food specials.  Yesterday I had the Baja Tacos with a $7 happy hour price and it was the best $7 I have spent in years.  You get 4 fish tacos for the price and they were delicious!  The brews are $1 off, which isn't the best deal in town, but their HH food specials make up for the low beer discounts.  You can't go wrong with the garlic fries and the southwest egg rolls - ORDER THEM!!  They have space for merging tables for larger groups and have plenty of TV's for all the sports watching.  From a reviewer who has been here about 50 times, the 5th star is missing only because the service has been mediocre most of the time - sometimes because the happy hour is understaffed.  But once the beer and food arrive, it's definitely a 4-star place!
1	After having visited their other location in Las Vegas, I was incredibly disappointed on many levels. I had come to expect a certain level of service. I don't mean speed alone - I realize I visited on a Friday night and that it would be busy. But the staff was impersonal, uninterested, and acted as if they were getting paid $30/hr. no matter how they treated us. The food, though I don't know how, didn't even compare to the other location. The signature garlic fries were soggy, rather than crisp, and the fresh parsley that usually tops the lot had apparently wilted under a heat lamp. Fresh chopped garlic was seemingly an afterthought (on GARLIC fries?), as it was unsoftened and spicy.The turkey burger looked, tasted, and felt like leftover meatloaf. Not leftover from last night, but maybe last week. The fresh avocado was the only saving grace, though the steamed veggies on the side weren't hurting anything.I don't usually give restaurants too hard of a time on the weekends, but the combined service, flavor (or lack of both) was offensive.
2	MENU CAHNGE: So I've always enjoyed the flatbread tapas at happy hour. I dragged a bunch of friends for full price dinner here last night and...they have replaced their flatbread with what appears to be straight up from the box Matzoh Ball CRACKERS.I think any toddler is familiar with the difference between crackers and bread.So $10 for some crackers and tiny scoops of hummus, bruschetta and tapenade is steep. But then I realized my friend had ordered the flatbread pizza and was struggling to eat it because CRACKERS can't support the weight of pizza toppings and sauce.Another guest politely asked the waiter about the crackers and the server said it was a permanent change.Here's a permanent change: I will be going to one of the other couple hundred gastro pubs in town with great atmosphere. Or hell, just walk across the street to Firefly for actual tasty food! And the fresh brewed beer isn't worth it--a lot of the brews are heavy with a syrupy honey taste. bleh.
4	I've been in twice for lunch within the last 6 weeks. Pecan crusted salmon is very good here. Wait staff is ok. Nothing remarkable to note either way. Food was good and I will continue to go back.
1	Went here for a friends birthday dinner and wow have things changed. Portions and quality went down quite a bit. I ordered the Kobe burger because I had it once before and used to be delicious. This time the bun was almost stale. The bun looked identical to the ones at walmart that you got eight for a dollar, sad part is that it tasted worse than those.  I have to assume they are trying to cut costs and it shows. Everything seems to be a little more bland. I hope they change it back soon because I really used to like this place.
3	We come here quite often however since the menu change we only come now for the service from our favorite server in the bar area at the bar tables for lunch. I think she's been there for a decade but she's always attentive and personable. We also like the older bartender lady  and all the managers are really nice.  Why did they get rid of the pizzas and replace it with those thin flatbreads that can't even hold lettuce.  And my southwest sandwich is gone and the  chopped salad is horrible it was awesome the way it was.  The hummus salad was a work of art before now it looks lame sorry but who ever decided to re do this menu must have been smoking something many people in our office that used to go there for lunch as well no longer go because of the new menu.  CHANGE IT BACK!!!! And stop raising the prices!!
2	Ordered fish and chips.  Waitress asked if I'd like garlic or regular fries.  I asked for regular.  Got garlic.  Plate came with four pieces of fish, about 18 fries and about 1 ounce of cole slaw.  Maybe there's a food shortage in Vegas.  Potatoes and cabbage out of season, perhaps.  Anyway, fish was ok. Overcooked and dry.  Meh.  Did I mention that the waitress acted as though she was doing us a favor by serving us?  I'm sure she had better things to do...   Not a bad experience. But wouldn't go back.
3	This is a fine restaurant to go to when you want to get away from the noise and chaos of Vegas. They also have Czech Pilsner on tap. Yay!
4	This is my bi-weekly business luncheon group at Gordon Biersch. I enjoy the room they set up for us,service and the menu they provide. The staff is always helpful and friendly, I enjoy Octavia the hostess very professional and kind. I truly enjoy the food and the service! On of my colleagues informed my that they have a wonderful brunch service.
4	I love to come down here with friends for beer. Their house beer is fantastic, music is low enough for you to enjoy and engage in conversation without yelling. I wish they were open later than 12:00am.
4	I love the outdoor patio on a beautiful spring day!  The quality of the food was very good.  And the microbrews are also great.  There is a sports bar atmosphere inside with plenty of tvs.  Service was excellent.  I would recommend this as a great walking destination off the strip.
5	Let's talk about TAPPING!As in Stein Club/Passport members tapping parties! The latest one (for Sommerbrau)was held near the end of May on the patio and it was a great time! Tapping parties are also charity functions, with plenty of raffle prizes for those who donate to the chosen cause, which changes at each party.Lucky attendees got to sample tasty menu items as well as the latest seasonal Gordon Biersch brew! My friends and I, including Dionicio G.,look forward to these parties like no other social event! It's a great opportunity to mingle with other Club members and enjoy some of the best beer around!ALso,Happy Hour EVERY DAY from 3-7 and 10-close! All beer is $1 off, and all speciality cocktails are $5. Pizza is back on the menu, and it's on the happy hour menu as well for $5 (for a mini pizza). Other $5 food items are tapas, pork sliders and flatbread pizzas. The regular menu has a huge variety of sandwiches, appetizers, salads and entrees. Try the seasonal menu items along with a seasonal brew! There is plenty of seating inside and on the patio as well. This location is popular with tourists, as it's close to convention facilities. I'm awaiting the day when Gordon Biersch will open a new location in Henderson..... are you listening, corporate???
1	maybe I'm giving a bad review because I ordered stir fry at a place that clearly doesn't specialize in stir fry, however, if you have it on your menu it should be up to the standards of everything else.The "spicy" chicken cashew stir fry was...1. not spicy, at all and 2. it was as good as the chicken terriyaki made by healthy choices that you can buy in the frozen foods section of the grocery store.  I'm ok with that for $5 like the healthy choices steamer, but I'm not ok with that for $15. I tried the fries from my friends dish and those were ok.  From the rumors, I was expecting a lot of flavor, and didn't get much.  I ate the remainder because they were ok, but mostly because my stir fry was so small.As far as burgers go, maybe they're good...I don't know.  But I won't be returning because the food I had was mediocre at best.  I've cooked better stir fry at home.The waiter was great though!
3	2.5 really but I'm feeling generous today.  I had the steak baja tacos.  It's interesting that I wasn't asked what temperature I'd prefer the steak to be cooked and they came out medium rare.  A dollar off my hefeweizen was nice...I rarely benefit from any type of happy hour.  Service was prompt upon being seated but non-existent from that point on.  Good thing the bill was sitting in the cup in front of us at the bar else we would have been forced to dine n dash.  Maybe again in the distant future...
5	We had a great time last Tuesday at the Gordon Biersch  Tapping party. But to be honest we never had a bad experience at Gordon Biersch  we been to the brunch and we  also had dinner there. The food was great and the staff very friendly. I would recommend the restaurant to anyone.Michael & Marcella
5	Me and my wife Attend the tapping party event for the Injury police officer fund on May 28 2013. We had a great time and it was for a great cause. People where  great beer was excellent and so  was the food. Besides going to the tapping party me and my wife been to Gorden Birsch a few times for sunday Brunch. The food was great and so was the music. Also the staff was very friendly. If you are  coming to town or live in town i would recomend it to my friends and to the many tourist that come through our city. Last but least the beer is all german and it taste  so goodMichael and Marcella
5	6/5/2013Edit "Me and my wife Attend the tapping party event for the Injury police officer fund on May 28 2013. We had a great time and it was for a great cause. People where  great beer was excellent and so  was the food. Besides going to the tapping party me and my wife been to Gorden Birsch a few times for sunday Brunch. The food was great and so was the music. Also the staff was very friendly. If you are  coming to town or live in town i would recomend it to my friends and to the many tourist that come through our city. Last but least the beer is all german and it taste  so good
3	Food was good, atmosphere was good, but our server was awful.  I believe her name was Lynn.  Very slow service, took forever to get her attention and was only nice when she dropped the bill.I've been here before with great service and food, but this experience was the exception.  Hopefully next time I go it'll be better and I don't have Lynn.
3	As far as Las Vegas brewpubs go Gordon Biersch is OK. Prepare yourself for a TGIFridays type of atmosphere, decor, and food and you can do fine. The beer, though, is decent, but unspectacular. All are fair representations of a narrow range of beer styles, mostly lagers. Not a lot of variety in the flavors, but reasonably well made beers.The service was OK, but not great, when we visited.
4	I arrived just after 10pm on a Wednesday. They have a limited menu and its all bad for you! The Kobe sliders were delicious. The tapas flatbread has a nice medley of dips/toppings. A Marzen lager washes it all down nicely. The place had a good vibe with people laughing but not too crowded.  The waitress was beautiful and friendly.  Check it out.
1	Worst service I've ever had. Rude, disrespectful, and way too much attitude. Our server wouldn't take our order without rolling her eyes. Slammed our waters down on the table. Gave sassy one word answers to questions and refused to be helpful. Manager appologized but never offered to make it better. We left after 10 minutes. Never go here if you want to be treated with respect
5	I was very impressed with this location. I had never been here and I tend to be a lil picky. I asked for modifications, the waitress was accommodating and sent the manager over to double check. The manager was also very accommodating, personable, and we had a nice conversation. This place doesn't serve just your typical bar food, although its available, everything was very good. I will definitely be coming back, even if just for the incredible service.
5	Love happy hour in this place and beer is amazing
3	I gave this place 3 stars because it really is A-OK. Food was good but place was a bit loud.I had the Steak Frites and it was cooked exactly as I asked - Med Rare.
4	Close to the airport, they can get pretty busy and servers can get flighty. The times I've been here, I've never missed a flight so it's not that bad.Garlic fries are fantastic! You can skip everything else on the menu but not the garlic fries. They use fresh garlic...dragon breath! After they took my go-to dish off the menu (blackened Mahi sandwich), I felt so lost and unable to choose what's good here. Then, they put it back on the menu...talk about playing with my emotions! Their hummus and calamari are quite good.Beer-wise, I like their Hefeweizen (fruity, sweet wheat beer) and Blonde Bock (heavy, creamy and filling). You'll end up wanting more garlic fries.This place is more like 3.5. 5 stars for the garlic fries, 3 stars for the service and 2.5 stars for the entire menu and value.
3	Met the gf here for a light meal right after work on on Tuesday (last night). We sat in the high tables in the bar area during happy hour.Staff: Waitress was nice, smiling and polite. She went along with some of the witty banter me and the lady were spewing. She was prompt and checked on us often, refiling the free bevs each pass. Food: OK so maybe I am an Italian from NY and I have high expectations for pizza, however they did have a Margarita flat bread on the happy hour menu and figured it was worth on try. Turns out I should have held out for elsewhere. The 'flatbread' was more of a crispy communion wafer then actual bread. The ingredients on the top did not do it any justice either. We each got the harvest chicken salad (not be design, i was hoping to critique 2 dishes but it was exactly what I was craving (salad with chicken, pecans, raisins, apples, etc). It was actually a sizable portion and I ended taking some home. It was good, but not great. The dressing was lackluster, but the chicken was really good. Felt like maybe I should have found a chicken dish on its own and tried thatAmbiance: Actually has a good feel to it. Plenty of light and space - doesn't feel like you are in a hole of a bar like some of these places. Wasn't too busy (Tuesday early evening). But the bar was full by the time we left around 730Happy hours - looks like a pretty decent deal, some cheap food, however I cant comment on quality as I only had the flatbread (see above food). Tuesdays they have $2.50 beers, just not specialty/bottled, so no cider for me ($5)Overall - I like the feel in there, just wasn't big on the food. But the staff was nice and I feel like I will probably give it another go and try something else on the menu
4	Happy hour is from 5pm to 7pm worth the trip.
4	If you've lived in Vegas for any length of time you have probably been invited to join a group of coworkers for Happy Hour at Gordon Biersch at some point. I've been there countless times in the 9+ years I've lived here for going away parties, or just random group gatherings, but never gave much thought to the quality of the food. So when I was recently sent over there during the day for another work related item, the suggestion arose for me to take the opportunity and check out the burger. I can't say anyone has mentioned their burger to me throughout my time as 'burger blogger', so I was a bit skeptical by this idea but gladly took on the challenge as I always do.There are two Biersch locations in town, the long standing one on Paradise near the airport, and a newer location in Summerlin. I actually haven't been to the one in Summerlin because there are far better selections in the area if I'm going to bother eating around there. The same could be said for the Paradise location, but it's probably the cheaper of the touristy selections around there. The exterior of the restaurant is still pretty cool, but the interior's 'brewery' look is starting to seem a bit dated. Whether you're there for lunch or dinner the place is always fairly populated between the close proximity to convention halls and hotels as well as the adjacent office parks. There are plenty of seats around the bar/lounge, as well as booths and tables both inside and out. The menu is all over the place with appetizers, pizzas, sandwiches, desserts, you name it. While they may not offer the healthiest options, they do have a decent Happy Hour with a few good snacks.While pondering which of their Knife & Fork Burgers to try the waitress suggested an off-the-menu but highly popular Swiss and mushroom burger, which also happens to be one of my favorites so I jumped on it. Served with a large knife skewered through it, the massive burger looked great upon arrival. The flaky, gooey bun was quite good and very well-proportioned to the meat. The patty seemed to be pre-formed, but of good quality; the char flavor was present upon the first few bites but got a little lost with everything else once I really got into it. The mushrooms had great flavor, and the Swiss was melted well but not incredibly present. Overall it was very juicy, flavorful, and a huge surprise.Their 'legendary' fries are good, but actually a bit too garlicky for me. Also the whole batch was a bit undercooked and soggy so they weren't the best example that day. You get a huge portion, easily enough for two people if you're looking to share. $11.50 for this burger is a great deal considering its size, quality, large portion of fries, and proximity to convention-oriented hotels. While I hate spending $2.95 for an iced tea, $15.62 is still not a bad deal for everything you get. Swap that with a beer and you've got yourself a pretty good meal.
5	Awesome food great service excellent draft beer
3	I've gone here a few times when I lived in this part of Vegas. It's consistently good and the service is friendly. A few times my order was confused, but the service was quick to fix it. It's a relaxing place to go with some friends to just chat and hang out.
1	I am very generous when it comes to reviewing restaurants but Gordon Biersch lets you down at every opportunity. Friendly service but the wait for the food is out of this world. 30 minutes for a simple salad in which the order turned out to be wrong. Once the right dish actually arrived only lack luster can describe the food. Choose another spot in vegas to get a trendy brewery feel, Gordon isn't worth the trouble!
2	I am not impressed with this restaurant. I came in for what I hoped to be a quick and delicious lunch, and almost two hours later I left very disappointed. The service took way to long and every placed order came to the table incorrect and had to be sent back. I really wanted to like this place but they gave me way too many reasons not to.
2	Service is good,beer is great. We liked the blue crab and artichoke dip. The ribeye was less than great quality. Too thick and not much flavor,other than the gorgonzola on top. The ahi tuna salad was very blend. I remembered better food....
4	Great food! Garlic fries, marzen burger, and the artisan grilled cheese were all excellent! Even the garlic spinach was delicious. Small selection of beer though. Overall, the food will being me back.
4	I live here in town and this is probably my most favorite place to eat.the food has always been good& the staff is very friendly.the street tacos are my faaaavorite.=)
4	I can't remember a trip to Vegas when we haven't gone here. The food is always good. This time I had the Cajun fish tacos, she had a chicken and shrimp platter with rice. She said hers was really good, tacos could have used a little more Cajun spice but they were still good. Slaw on the tacos was perfect.For beers, we had a Marzen and a Hefe. They were both 4 out of 5.Service was efficient and friendly. I had asked to make my beer and she must not have heard me but otherwise, no complaints.We went on a Thurs night and it was busy but there wasn't a wait for a table inside, the patio was really hoppin' though.This is always our 'go-to' if we can't decide on anything because they never disappoint.
1	The rating is solely based on experience with the General Manager - Mike Wong. I believe that if you are going to be a manager, lead by example. I believe that he should learn from his staff, because they  know how to handle the pressure of  a busy night. My partner, my dad and his wife decide to go to the Gordon Biersch this evening. We were advised by the hostess that we would have a wait of 15-20 minutes and that is what we waited. The bartender William was awesome very attentive as well as our server Cameo. She is great with the customers. There were a few staff members that were stumbling over the mats at the service window. Since our booth was right in front of the service station, I made a comment to the General Manager. All he did was put the other mat over the other mat. So now the staff was stumbling over the mat going the other way.. DAH.. you think that he might have done something else to rectify the problem. He lacks customer service..He never came back to say thank you for noticing the problem, however his staff did. But that is OK . I wouldn't really expect it from him anyway...it  looks like he doesn't like his job, doesn't smile,, doesn't have any contact with his customers, very little communication with his staff either.. . From the short time that I was there he does a good job of barking order to his staff in front of his guest.
5	I want to first start out by saying I love this place and I go often as it is close to where I live.  Second I would like to stand up for the spectacular bartenders and waiters/waitresses, as I have seen many reviews that state there is bad service.I will be honest sometimes I do not sit at the bar and sit at a table top in the bar area and once in a great while I may get someone who is not the best, however, if you sit at the bar, will you get great service.My favorite bartender is Matt.  He is extremely friendly and is very attentive.  I also used to go more often during the day for lunch.  Forgive me for not remembering her name, there is a wonderful bartender there during lunch, she has short hair.  I feel bad because no matter how long it has been since I have been there she has always remembered me.The food I love, the drinks are even better and I am not a beer drinker.As long as I am being totally honest, I agree with Vincent K and his review of the manger.
2	Such a disappointment. I had a good memory associated with this place, it was the first place that my boy and I went for our first date. And I thought I would return with the father. Well I was wrong to pick this place. server was alright not that she was great but she wasn't bad. Definitely need to work on trying to upsell without being too pushy. Food.We ordered 3 burgers: 2 Cali's and 1 veg. Why would u ask for the temp if its going to come out well done anyways?! And my veggie burger came out way after the other two because I heard them drop the plate. Food runner let me know it was going to be 30 seconds, well the boys had chomped down their burger before I had gotten mine. Anyways I was so upset because I work in a restaurant that I expected them to fix some of their mistakes through some kind of service recovery. Well she did offer dessert but I was upset enough and in a hurry to not take it. Ugh upsetting
4	Had a great burger and the garlic fries were killer
4	I'm not a beer drinker but others in our party enjoyed the flights (the waitress even brought 2 extras each so they could sample the seasonals as well!)  We ordered a selection of appetizers in the bar early-mid afternoon to share and each one was more delicious than the last.  Great service, great food - no issues at all!  Would definitely come back!
5	Visiting Vegas, we wanted somewhere off the strip with parking.  We chose Gordon Biersch because of the micro-brew... But were very pleased with the food!  We had the Winterbock seasonal beer and my lovely wife, who doesn't drink, got the Root Beer, which they ALSO make on site.  I got the churrasco steak tacos, my wife got the lobster and shrimp pasta, and my folks got chicken stir fry and Mediterranean chicken.   All the food was well presented, reasonable portions, and excellently put together. (As an example, my tacos had cilantro, but were NOT overwhelmed with it).  Our server, Lindsay, was fantastic, and the bill for four people was under $100.  Will definitely return!
5	We returned a few days later, and I am happy to say that our great experience the first time was not just a one time thing.  The food, brew, and service was just as awesome a second time!  Will plan to hit Gordon Biersch whenever I am back in Vegas!
4	Go to there happy hour. 3pm-7pm, good selection I recommend the slider combo. Good variety.
3	Other than their appetizers, beers and garlic fries, the food here is nothing special. Great for group gatherings and hanging out. It's a decent alternative during times (like CES) when it's nearly impossible to get a dinner reservation at a reasonable time at at a nicer restaurant. Very high energy, cool decor and  incredibly spacious.
4	Went on Friday night, seemed like much faster seating than nearby Cheesecake Factory.  Had the ny strip and grilled shrimp ($22) with the crab and artichoke dip app. ($9)  The app came promptly with crustini bread.  It had chunks of blue crab on the top and a cream cheese base.  We ended up boxing most of it due to our entrees arriving so fast.  The steak was thin and juicy.  Mashed potatoes as a bed can never be bad.  Green beans were also flavorful, A1 added to make everything go down easy.  Grilled shrimp were a bit plain, I believe there were 5 of them on a double skewer.  Our server was very attentive and the all important iced tea remained mostly full.
1	Horrible turnover from one server to the next. Server left after closin us out IN THE MIDDLE OF A FOOTBALL GAME and we got no service for 40 minutes after that. My friend ended up going to the bar to get us drinks after 20 minutes. Our beer glasses are all empty and the manager seems to be afraid to have a conversation with the tables, nor is he able to recognize when a customer is not being taken care of. Are the empty beer and water glasses not enough of a clue???
4	It was super crowded but we went on a Friday night. Garlic fries were amazing! We were there for a party, so we had samplings of a lot of the finger foods. I was pleased with everything I ate. Servers were a little overwhelmed but again, it was a Friday and I wasn't starving so it was perfectly fine. I had the Strawberry Soda (very similar to a Mojito) and it was SUPER. I had more than one...I tried about 4 other drinks on their mixed drink menu, but none of the others can I remember. I would definitely go back next year!
5	As always - GB is amazing. I try to find one wherever I travel, and this did not disappoint. Started with the Ahi app and it was seriously delicious and a little spicey. Yum.I also enjoyed my GO TO on the menu, pear gorgonzola salad, yum yum yum! Always fresh and crisp. My friend and I shared a Chicken sandwich and it was really yummy. The hefe was delish, too! Always great service, great atmosphere and the food is consistently GREAT!
1	We dined here this evening and I had such high hopes for this place, mostly because I've been to the location at Boca Park and the service and food is always great.Being restaurant managers and coming from food service backgrounds ourselves my boyfriend and I tend to take it easy on our fellow comrades, but this was a little crazy. The only reason we are giving one star is because we could tell most of the issues might have been resolved if the poor waitress didn't have so many tables in her section.To begin our party was a surprise dinner planned by myself and a friend for her husband. Everyone was to arrive by 6:45 and the birthday boy was to arrive promptly at 7pm. At 6:53pm the hostess came over to our table where 95% of us had already arrived and had our drink order taken and told us that there was a miscommunication and that that table was for another party arriving shortly. According to her our table was ready outside. I asked her if we could make the switch RIGHT AWAY that we would go. She assures me it is, walks out to the patio (maybe unaware I was following her) and proceeds to look bewildered at the scattered empty tables and heaters. Long story short, the guys in our party rushed to put this table together, our table had 2 heaters for 15 of us, we did not receive menus/share plates/silverware for quite sometime, and our server took even longer to take our food order. IMPORTANT NOTE: I was not going to write a YELP about this experienced as I noticed all the tables the server had inside (and, again, I tend to take it easy on industry in situations like this), but the kicker came when I politely pulled the manager aside to give him a friendly heads up about the situation and he took zero blame and made no apologies. According to him it was entirely the servers responsibility to ask for help and as far as he was concerned all the tables he saw of hers were doing good (although he mentioned the only table he didn't know about, conveniently, was ours). Interesting to know given that I walked to the restroom and host stand several times for separate reasons, keeping my eyes peeled for a manager that was never there. In my professional opinion it is NEVER OK to make excuses to your guest and blame your staff. Was this guy serious? My intention was to give him a friendly heads up as a fellow restaurant manager and instead I left feeling more disappointed and a little bit disgusted.My hope is that this particular manager reads this YELP and realizes the effect of his words and demeanor. Customer service rule #1 : The guest is always right. (even when they're not) and in this case we definitely were. Not sure I care to give this place another try in the near future. Hope this helps GM (I'm assuming this manager was not the GM).
1	The food was delicious, however the service was horrible. It took 30 minutes for our waitress to bring tomato juice for one of our partymembers as well as charging another one of our partymembers 60 dollars for french fries on their debit card.
4	I always get the chicken caesar salad and a good plate of garlic fries.  It is fantastic.  The garlic fries is really amazing!  Ample parking with a good view of the Residence Inn by Marriott.  That hotel is magnificent at night.  GB also has two (or more) event spaces available for booking group gatherings.
5	Great place! Loved the open feel to the restaurant. Took a little time to get a seat at the bar but worth the wait. Went on a Sunday and had a great live band playing. House beers were great! GARLIC FRIES ARE THE BEST!!! Definitely come here again.
5	On a recent trip to Las Vegas we visited this place and having never been to one of these we did not know what to expect. It was very busy and we had to wait for a table for 6 We were seated and we were greeted by our sever right away. Our drink order was taken and we ordered an appetizer. The manager Johnny Diaz , who was also helping with tables,came by and greeted us, he was super friendly and professional, asked if we had ever been here before and wished us a pleasant visit. Our food was everything we expected and then some. We all tried different dishes and everyone was very happy. We plan to return when we are back in the area. Our server was very attentive and helpful with the informaiton of what to do in Las Vegas/.
4	Its not rare that I review a chain, but it isn't a common occurrence either. I avoid chain food, however, a few of them are worth and it. IMO, Gordon Biersch is on that list. Some people hate page long menus like this one or the Cheesecake Factory. Not me, I LOVE choices. Although that usually means ordering more than I need or can intake but I am totally ok with that! Between the options of soup, salad, steak, seafood, pasta, and even the occasional  Hispanic or Asian flare- you can pretty much please everyone. I am not saying every single dish is off the charts, but I haven't had anything I wouldn't order again. A couple favorites are the Pecan Crusted chicken, Cajun fish tacos, the plain ol house salad (with extra dressing), salmon, and a friend of mine swears by the Cajun pasta, but I have yet to try it.Another plus- convenience!!!I can come here to sit at the bar, have a family dinner, or be in and out within my hour lunch break. Truly a great location in the central business are of Vegas. Overall, there are FEW chains I would ever recommend, and this will always be one of them!
3	This was the first restaurant we visited on our Las Vegas trip, and it was nice to start off with some quality drinks before we started exploring.  We went last month, and my boyfriend is STILL raving about the Tapas with Flatbread.  The olive tapenade that came in this starter is something I am going to have to try and make myself because he won't stop talking about it.For dinner, he had a Cesar Salad, and I had the Gorgonzola Pear salad.  He liked his salad, I didn't like mine.Our service here was poor.  The waitress did not take our order for 30 minutes.  We eventually called another waitress over because we forgot what our waitress looked like and we had to ask who our waitress was.  It seemed like the people sitting behind us had excellent service, so it is a hit-or-miss experience. Cross your fingers and hope for a good server.  We will be back to the Gordon Biersch near us, anyways, because the appetizer and the drinks were excellent.
1	We have been Stein Club members for years and have had really positive experiences in the past with Gordon Biersch.  We have attended Stein Club and Passport parties as well as classes with Brewmaster Lovelady.  We loved all that.  Unfortunately, all good things apparently must come to an end.  We have noticed a decline in the quality of service, food and beer over the past year or so.  We have visited less and less because of it.  Tonight may be the last night we ever go there.  The food was terrible.  We had appetizers which were featured.  The fried onion stack tasted worse than fried onions in a can .. like they were triple dropped in the fryer.  There was no onion in there at all as far as I could tell...  the filet mignon sliders were supposed to be 2 ounces... well if they were a half an ounce that is generous.  They were tasteless and smelled like old beef.  The brats were tasteless.  The pretzel roll was probably the best thing we ate... and that's not saying much.  Even the mustard was tasteless and old tasting.  We have always loved the beer but this evening, even the beer was bad.  The Maibock was flat and tasted turned.  The Pilsner was underwhelming and also flat... far beneath our prior experience.  Happy Hour prices for beer went up and no one informed us of that.  We complained to the manager who pretended to care and do something or another on the register but when it came time to pay the bill... which took forever to get.... nothing had been done to compensate us for the terrible service, terrible beer and terrible food.  It was abysmal in every possible way.  We have always been good customers and good tippers.  They have lost good customers tonight.  If this was the first time, we might have ignored one bad experience but, this has been a long time coming over the past year or so.  Sorry.  No more.  Or No Mas.
4	The service was a bit slow, ambiance was good, and our food was great.  They had plenty of gfree options as well.
3	Poor service Took so long to even get a waterNo napkins or silverware until I asked Garlic fries tasted really regular too meDidn't live up to the hypeGorgonzola pear salad was very splendidI highly suggest it. The pecan crusted chicken on top of it was on pointPears didnt seem fresh but everything else about it was good
5	The beer here is pretty amazing and fresh. I love German style beers and they have them nailed. Besides their staples, they also have excellent seasonals and the occasional Brewer's Select that is unique to each location.Come for the beer and stay for the food. I can't speak too much to their menu as I usually just grab a burger and drink more beer :-) My burger is always good and I love the garlic fries.PROST!PS - Check out their tapping parties as the new seasonals come out. Always a great time.
4	I was at this location Sunday May 4, 2014 a little before noon for a private program. I was told we would have light appetizers but would be able to order something later if we decided to stay for the Sunday Brunch. There was no ordering later as there were Kobe sliders, egg rolls, hummus, chicken wings and garlic fries a plenty. Everything was quite good and everyone was required to take something home by our host. Very nice private room. They have live music on Sundays. It's an older crowd but the entertainment is outstanding with old school and classic R&B being performed. Get there before noon if you want a seat.
4	So, last Friday my honey and I attended a ballet at The Smith Center.  By the time we picked up the car from the valet it was past 9:30PM and we were STARVING!  All dressed up in our theater finery, we didn't much feel like fast food and the thought came to mind that we had never tried Gordon Biersch on Paradise and it always looked inviting from the outside so we thought, why not?So glad we took a chance.  We got there about quarter to ten and were quickly seated.  Admittedly, they were not busy at that hour but still, it was nice being attended to so politely and with such courtesy.  Our server came over moments after we were seated and introduced himself to us.  Being that it was our first time there, he went over the menu with us and based on our feedback, made some recommendations for beverage and food.  I ordered one of their craft beers and my sweetie had a glass of wine.  Both were very nice.  For dinner, I ordered the Jambalaya and wifey the Chicken Pasta.  OMG!  Both were so good!  Her Chicken Pasta was full of flavor and my Jambalaya had just the right amount of "bad" in it to be wonderful.  Oh, and the desserts?  You know how so many places bring you way too much after a full meal?  Well here, they offer Mini Dessert Tasters, giving you just a few bites to finish off your meal, leaving a sweet taste in your mouth.  Satisfied does not even begin to express how great an experience this was for us.  We will definately put this on our list of prefered places to dine.  I have over 100 girls coming to town early next year and may very well arrange to have this as one of our dining options during the week they are here!  Well done, Mr. Biersch!
1	Worse service ever sat at the bar for fast service before a flight good luck 20 minutes later no beer or order after it took 15 mins to place order Got up a left Ridiculous
2	The two stars are based on the food only, which was amazing. The garlic fries were to die for! We came in Tuesday night and sat at the bar. The bartender seemed annoyed even though the bar was full. She was attentive but not friendly. It got weird though when one of the male servers came over and started talking badly about other guests to our bartender who he is apparently dating. I could tell because they kept kissing... on the side of the bar... in the middle of the bar with it being full.. it was weird. It wasn't the worst experience ever but I probably heard every single employee curse multiple times and the bartenders boyfriend just completely ruined it when one of the tables asked for a drink and he says to the bartender "fuck them tell them we can only make them this or that..." It's like this guy has never worked at a restaurant before and doesn't even know how to act in front of guests. I may be back because the food was awesome but maybe sit at a table and hope for the best.
3	Very chain restaurant atmosphere, but they have great cold beer and the garlic fries are a must have!
5	It's too bad I didn't bring my phone with me to take a picture of my delicious meal I had here. It's been almost a week and I'm craving some more of those delicious shrimp and lobster tacos. Absolutely amazing! Words cannot describe and they were served with white rice topped with black beans. I will be back for more on my next Vegas Vacation.I highly recommend this place, service and food was perfect!
5	After the numerous times we've frequented this place for afterwork drinks, I think it's about time I left a review.  I may be a little biased because we've gotten to know the bartenders and some of the servers--I feel like I'm a part of "Cheers" walking in here! lolI give it 5 stars mostly because it's everything you should expect from one of these bar/restaurants--bar food and booze.  Love the bartenders--Kala, Matt, Natalia and Billy--they're pretty awesome and always remember our usuals.  We're almost always at the bar, so I'm not sure what service is like at the tables, but I hear it's kind of so-so.  The beer is pretty good.  Not a huge selection, because they like to showcase their own craft beers.  I really enjoy the food.  My favorites have gotta be the fried artichokes, wedge salad with blue cheese, the veggie pizza, veggie tacos, fish tacos, and the garlic fries! MMM!I'd say it's moderately priced.  I know they have a happy hour, too, so that's fun.  Overall, I'd say it's a great place to come in, grab a drink, eat and hang out with coworkers.  Plus they have televisions all around the bar, so they get bonus points for that! :)
4	Quality beers and good food. $2.50 beers during the day. A nice break from the costs on the strip. Pizza, burgers (including Kobe), sandwiches and full entrees. Wide selection that should have something for everyone.
4	My wife says I've eaten here before so I obviously don't remember it being that great but today's nomnomnom there was nomnomdelicious. Ate their calamari, chicken bacon lettuce Tomato, garlic fries and it was fantabulouso!Hmmmm nom nom.
4	Great place for business meals. I go here regularly.
5	Get the flight to find out what beer you like, there was 9 different brews on my flight. Apps are good especially Bavarian pretzel and warm crab dip. If you're in town, give it a try!
5	I try to put my reviews in perspective, that is why this Gordon Biersch gets five stars.      Real food     Large portions     Good prices     Easy parking      Exceptional serviceBest all around restaurant near The Strip.
5	Excellent food and spirits. We came in here for some brews and munchies last weekend after the Q2 drag races at LV Motor Speedway  The IPA was great, nice hops and perfect after taste. I had the steak frites, perfectly cooked, the other  hot rodder  guys had salmon, meat loaf and steaks, no one was talking so it had to be great. We come in here every LV trip, and are never disappointed.  Great list of cold  brews and these folks know how to cook.
5	Stopped in on our trip to Las Vegas and so happy to see Andy's smiling face!!! Andy is the best bartender Las Vegas!!!!
4	Went to this place twice while in town.  It was actually a little busier both times than I would have thought.  The food was decent enough and the service and beer were both pretty good.  For the price you can get a good meal and a drink and stay away from the masses.
1	So me and hubby ordered some take out... Please see attached photos. Apparently a "full sized "wedge salad is like a tiny side one, They gave us literally 1/4 of a small lettuce head. The mahi we ordered was okay  but so dry it was inedible. The lobster mac was bland but okay! But the fries..... Why are they so salty?! And over done?! Sooooo.... Is lettuce not in season?! I'll be visiting the summerlin location that's for sure. Oh and there was a shell in my Mac and cheese :(
5	So good! I got the Lobster & Shrimp Macaroni and Cheese and it was AMAZING! A large portion though, enough for 2 to share! Not too rich but perfect comfort food! Burgers look very good and well-made, as well as all of the salads! Definitely recommend this place!
2	Eeeeh.What can I really say about Gordon Biersch. Below expectations? Poor value?First thing - our bartender had to say "bro" every couple seconds. Drove me batty. Also had no clue what an IBU was and tried steering me away from their seasonal beer because it "comes in a smaller glass" (it was a 10%abv beer. of course its not served in a larger glass). I'm not looking for cicerone level knowledge - but come on... It's a brewery/restaurant. The beer:I was very underwhelmed. I tried both their standard IPA and season IPA - not impressed. Ended up ordering their Pilsner (hard to mess up a pilsner). Also along side grabbed a bloody mary. The bloody was nothing to get excited about but I wasn't expecting anything really from it.However - for a place that is a "brewery" I expected the beers to be quite a bit better. Nothing really to write home about, very round and bland. Also expected the bartenders to at least have SOME beer knowledge.Food:The food was actually really good! I had the crab/artichoke dip and the tenderloin sliders. Food temp was great! Food quality was great! I would come back for the food over anything else.Value:When I visited Gordon Biersch I came for happy hour. For two apps/small plates, one beer and one bloody my tab came to $40. Not exactly "happy hour" pricing - despite having ordered items that were supposed to be "happy hour". Price point was the biggest let-down of all actually. At $40 for a beer, well vodka drink and two apps - you can dine at some phenomenal restaurants here in Vegas. This clearly is not one of them.The food its self is good - but at the price point there is much better. Because of the poor value I would probably not try this place again.
