5	If you want fancy, this is NOT the place! If you want hearty, authentic, spicy, homemade Mexican food, and stripped-down surroundings are fine by you, then Elmer's is the place for you. Elmer's has been feeding Chandler area students (Chandler HS is right across the street), police, firefighters, city workers, businessmen, and connoisseurs of fine Mexican food for 30 years. family owned & operated.
4	Whenever I drag friends along to return to my Arizona roots, I take them to Elmer's.The strips are out of this world. If you haven't had them, imagine chips topped with shredded (not melted) cheeses. Plop on some hot sauce (conveniently offered in ketchup bottles for maximum squeezage) for a heavenly combo.I highly recommend the mini chimichangas with a huge soda.Oh, and park around the back.
4	Elmer's Taco Shop is one of my favorite spots in the East Valley area to get Mexican food.  It has ample seating both indoors and outdoors and the prices are very affordable with Chandler HS across the street (but don't go during the high school lunch hour, the line is out the door.) Definitely try the strips  or the cheesy tortilla with beef. Amazing!
5	The best Mexican food in Arizona, period.The Elmer's signatures are(1) its sauce (my mother buys 32oz at a time to take home), which is spicy, fresh, and delicious.(2) strips, which are simply tortilla chips with shredded cheeseI love the pastor tacos and the pastor burrito. Pastor is a spicy pork, and Elmer's loads it with cilantro and onions. Get it early though... if you get the pastor just before close, it won't be as fresh.In December, they offer their tamales for Christmas Eve, just make sure you place your order a few weeks out.Lately, everything has gotten a bit more greasy than it used to be (especially the refried beans)... if you are looking for "healthy" Mexican food, keep looking.If you get there during Chandler High's lunch hour, look for the non-student line to the right, or call in your order ahead of time. I have the number programed into my cell phone :)
5	I started going to Elmer's when I was in high school.  Back then, it was a stand over on the corner of Erie & AZ, where the oil change place is now.  It's a couple (okay a few ... okay MANY) years later, and I'm still going there.  I will admit that I have an extra-special affinity for Elmer because he kept my little sister fed in high school "on account" when she spent her lunch money on various and sundry pharmaceuticals.  He's a good guy, and his little taco stand is an institution.  I used to stop for breakfast and have a butter tortilla with sauce, which was just that - a simple flour tortilla warmed up, buttered, spread liberally with Elmer's killer sauce and folded in fourths.  It's making me hungry just writing about it!  His offerings are pure comfort food for me (as well as a lot of other Chandler residents!).Elmer's serves solid, inexpensive "kitchen" Mexican.  It's way casual.  You queue up in line (along with a couple of teenagers, a sunburned 20-something with wet hair and a t-shirt over her bathing suit, a city worker, and a mom with a couple of toddlers) place your order, pay, then move aside and wait for your food.  Indoor seating consists of Formica booths, and outside there are some concrete patio tables with umbrellas.  While you're waiting, you can peruse the bounced checks posted around the register to see if you know any deadbeats, or read the thank you notes from elementary school tours or newspaper articles about Elmer and his restaurant.  Unless you have infinite patience and fortitude, don't go at lunchtime during the school year.  I love kids - I even made a couple of my very own - but the noise level reaches levels above extreme.  That being said, the lunchtime experience can be very enlightening - high school kids today are a little different from high school kids when I was that age (maybe it's all the hormones in our beef?).  =)The menu is posted on the wall behind the register, and embraces the usual cast of characters of burritos, tacos, beans, etc.  There are burgers, too, and they're great!  Sodas come in large, extra-large and bring a wheelbarrow to carry.  There's also horchata and some aqua frescas.  All of Elmer's burritos are good - big, soft flour tortillas wrapped around savory bits of spicy meat and creamy smooth beans.  Bring plenty of napkins, a blowout is guaranteed with an Elmer's burro.  His cheese enchiladas are equally good; corn tortillas wrapped around melty cheese, covered with a handful of crispy raw onion and rich, flavorful enchilada sauce.  But nothing on the menu holds a candle to Elmer's strips.  They are the most important thing to order.  They're long rectangular strips of corn tortilla, fried to crispy goodness, and served with confetti (yellow and white) cheese.  Get a large with extra cheese and extra sauce, cheese on the side.  This dish is neither complicated nor gourmet, but it is tasty, satisfying and comforting.  Pair it with a bean and cheese with sauce and a large Pepsi, and you've just ordered the meal that thousands of Chandler High School students have treasured for more than 25 years.  If you want to really indulge, have them deep-fry the burrito.  The combination of greasy, fried tortilla "skin," bubbling hot beans and cheese and that signature sauce is Nirvana.If you're looking for some chi-chi Mexican food with blue corn and jalapeno foam, Elmer's is not the place for you.  If you want comforting food that will more than fill your gut yet not empty your wallet, Elmer's food will fit the bill.
5	Elmers is great mexican made old style.  it's a little place and not very pretty but the food is the so so so good and the beans are the best I have ever had. go to elmers.
5	Pretty much what everyone else said.  Excellent food, cheap prices, no-frills atmosphere.  Easily the best tacos I have had here in AZ, perhaps CA also.  They use good ingredients, high quality meat, excellent corn tortillas.  I didn't try to go during lunch when school is in session, I could imagine it would be a nightmare being right across the street from a High School.
3	The son and I tried Elmer's last night for the first time.  Figured he could see what the place is about so he knows where he can dash to for lunch from CHS.He got the Asada burrito which he said tasted good.   I got the green beef hot burrito.  It was tasty, but very messy.  I had to grab a fork and knife to finish.They have a pretty decent sized menu.  Prices are dirt cheap.   Hands down they beat Guedo's because they offer chips and salsa and take debit cards.  Food, prices and counter help is better at Elmer's too.Not the cleanest of places.  Definite hole in the wall.  The smooshed food on the floor by our table kinda got to me.
3	Grabbed some tacos on the way to my class today, after work. 2 fish tacos, 1 spicy chicken and 1 tea. Iced tea was disgusting and i told them so, they agreed and actually dumped all of their remaining tea out. I have gotten no apology, but did get a refill with watered down Horchata. Tacos were alright. Nothing really to write home about. Just average good taco. Does not qualify for a big deal in my book.Stop by there or keep driving is totally up to you. If i were in your car i would have said - "Whatever".
4	After going to LuLu's tacos I feel I was premature with 5 stars here.
4	Try one of their breakfast burritos with hot sauce and a large styrofoam cup of HORCHATA rice drank and you won't need to eat a thing the rest of the day!!  OOOOOOH WEEEEEEE!!
4	One of the original grimy and dirty psuedo-mex sort of places - and I mean "grimy and dirty" in the best way possible. It's not texmex, but not really real mexican food.Neither the menu choice nor the food itself are particularly good, but if you're looking for a good, say, bean and cheese burrito, this is a solid choice. And they serve Pepsi products, always a bonus for those of who like Dew.If you're looking for something a bit nicer, Guedo's is a block south and is significantly nicer to sit down and eat at. They also have much better food and a bar - but are almost double the price.I may have a positive bias for this place, considering the many times I ate there during my HS days, but any mexican food fan in Chandler needs to eat here at least once.
5	I cannot say enough about how WONDERFUL Elmers Tacos is! The burritos, the strips, the cheese crisps, the everything!!! YUMMM! I live in Colorado now and every time we visit we order at LEAST a dozen burritos frozen so that we can enjoy them until our next visit. My whole family goes there, all my friends go there from all around the Country because it is so good! We never miss an opportunity to go there and we take special trips just to go! We try to go at least once every couple months just to get what we can't take with us on the plane! They even have a myspace...  www.myspace.com/elmerstacos  where you can share your memories and possibly find people that you haven't seen for years. We used to live in Chandler when I was just a kid and Elmers was on the corner and even though my parents aren't in Chandler anymore and we are in Colorado we still go there. Great food, good times, and great memories! Easy on the pocketbook too!
5	We love this place and can't get enough of it. This is right across from Chandler High School along AZ Avenue, and during lunch times the line is out the door. I like enchilada-style burritos. They are so yummy, and the drink cups are totally huge. I just wish their hot sauces were better.
5	elmers is amazing. best mexican food in az if you want that home made kind of food. the art in the alley behind it is cool too! breakfast burritos, bean abd cheese, fried green chili burro, mini chimis,  the emlbers burger, fry bread, etc. all keep me eating there weekly!
4	Elmer's is very greasy and very good.  I just wish they had carnitas and that they stayed open a bit later.
5	My personal favorite for Mexican food.  Consider giving this a four star as the soda here is horrible at best.The beans are great as is the rice.  I love the enchiladas and the spicy chicken is also very good.
5	You don't grow up in Chandler without trying Elmer's!!  Its a total dive and a Chandler High favorite for lunch.  They have the best bean & cheese burros (order it "with sauce").  I like the strips & cheese too.  Kind of a hangover tradition for us Chandler alumni :)
2	How about some meat with your cilantro stem tacos? jaysus, the green herb is seriously inexpensive; just the leaves will do.In a 5 tiered rating system, and with hundreds of Mexican food choices in the valley, the stars begin to get blurry. The trouble is, certain dishes at Elmer's are just okay compared to others.Rice? Great. Beans? Like El Sol down the street, several whole beans strewn about the refried puree for posterity; no thank you.Tacos al pastor? Pass. Gristly pork and cardboard corn tortillas.See my list for Mexican food recommendations.
2	I think my expectations were too high when I tried out this place the past weekend with my fellow food critic, Marisa. We found it on yelp and we were encouraged by the good reviews, but it's possible that these were all written by past Chandler high grads with nostalgia in their heads. We arrived on a Saturday at two pm to avoid the school crowd and were greeted with a line and a full house. This gave us time to peruse the menu and decide on a combo plate. We both got the burrito and I got the strips and an extra taco. The strips are regular tortilla chips with cold grated cheddar cheese. Not what I expected from the reviews and not satisfying. The taco was in a hard shell that was freshly made and defintely benefited from the packet of red sauce thrown in the bag. The burrito with verde sauce was very spicy, very runny, which made it hard to eat and enjoy. The beef inside was good but I still had a hard time eating it. The girl behind the counter was very nice despite the constant interruptions for refills and more customers. She happened to be elmers daughter, so it was nice to know that we were supporting local business. Fortunately I'm not in Chandler much and have access to other local Mexican food restaraunts in phoenix.
4	I ate here for lunch today and the food was great! I didn't have a drink so I can't vouch for the soda. I realize others have said it isn't the best but I have no complaints. I like the front patio though... the inside was a little muggy.
5	They put crack in the chips, I think (not really).  I've heard rave reviews from friends and colleagues.  As usual, I live close by, but I just hadn't found the magic moment when the stars aligned to try it out.  Suddenly the time came, and boyfriend and I parked right in front of the place and marched into the crowded restaurant.  We told the cashier that it was our first time.  She answered all of our questions.  I opted for the fish tacos - best price I've seen outside of Mexico!  And damn they're good!  No breading but they are delicious!  The "strips" are the best!  I've tried replicating that snack at home, but it's just not the same without their hot sauce.  Yummy!  And what a wonderful, cozy location!  We'll be back again and again.  (We've already been back twice.)
5	Definitely one of my all time fave mexi spots in AZ. Located directly across from Chandler High School, and somewhat of a small spot so if you aren't paying attention you can pass it right on up. I've never had any complaints on their food as it's always been fresh and tasty to the very last bite. I miss not living on that side of town in regards to missing out on good lil spots like this. North Scottsdale doesn't really have any good hole in the wall spots for mexi food, so it's a treat when I can make a stop by here
5	I'm an Elmer's fanatic. Yes, I went to Chandler High School, but even though I now live in Los Angeles., I make it a point to visit Elmer's EVERY time I visit Phoenix.  My all-time favorite item is the Machaca Burrito. The best ever!!! It's not like any other Machaca Burrito I've ever had -- this one does not come with eggs, nor is it dry -- the meat is more the consistency of pot roast, stewed in it's own juices w/ onions, and it is so tender, juicy and bursting with flavor. It does tend to get a bit wet/messy, but the flavor is delicious, especially when you add Elmer's sauce.Also good are the bean n cheese w/sauce, the strips, and the lesser known menu item - "butter tortilla w/sauce". It's all about the sauce!  I drown everything in the sauce. (I dream about the sauce).  Viva Elmers!!!!
4	The food is great and the place is a hole in the wall. Typical environment for places with good food. Probably more suited for a quick lunch than a dinner. No alcohol. I got the two enchilada's and was a little surprised when I could not choose to get a chicken and a beef..so the menu is pretty rigid. Overall - the food was delicious and service was friendly.
3	I'm one of THOSE people... I absolutely despise cilantro... I believe man found a weed in the ground and accidentally ate it, and hence we have cilantro.  That said..Fish taco:  grilled fish, not deep fried.  Way OD on the salt (I swear I was crunching on salt flakes) but let's say that's a fluke and order it again.  No cilantro sighting.Red burro + mini green burro:  liked the mini burro concept, while BF got the full sized.  BF is a red burro fiend and this makes it into this Top 5.  My mini green was passed to him, as there is an embedded cilantro taste... to be fair the meat was tender and juicy (not over cooked meat til it's dry and redunked in liquid). Rice & beans:  disturbing to see orange oil pool around the beans.  Flavors of either did not impress.Really liked the tortillas, warm with just the right amt of chew.
4	Fish tacos were pretty good.  Butter tortillas for the win.  Before I leave Arizona I'm stopping by for more.
5	HANDS DOWN! BEST MEXICAN FOOD EVER! I did go to Chandler High, that was my first of many encounters with Elmer and his yummy food. I usually go about once or twice a month but have been known to hit it up weekly in the past. I've even turned the fam onto it, my kids usually get the bean and cheese burritos... ( I have to say, I am not a fan of bean and cheese burritos, but this place adds their salsa in them. One word. AMAZING!) I always get the cheese enchilada's and the strips. Ah the strips. Even if it is only chips and shredded cheese, the salsa makes it! I think you can even buy their salsa. They have always have specials, and my husband loves theier taco specials. Their bright building helps attract passerbys but if ur not looking u prob wont c it... I love how it's family owned and operated too. Just try it, U wont be sorry.
4	Ok, Elmer's isn't the BEST Mexican I've ever had but, it's damn good and for about $10 I stuffed myself silly. The food is very good quality and I'd definitely eat here again.
5	Just had some unreal chicken taquitos with rice and beans.  I only live a like a block away so yah have eaten there a few times and love it everytime!  The machaca green chile burrito is a fav and so are the taquitos now...
1	My family and I ate lunch here for the first and last time. The beans were greasy and the enchiladas were like soup. The burros were alright but I've had much better. I hope that the AC was broken and that it's not always that hot inside. The service was pretty bad to, really slow. I'm giving them one star because the rice was good. I'd say find someplace else to eat.
2	I don't see the big deal with this place. The "strips" are frickin chips with shredded cheese. The hot sauce was pretty good though. Carne asada burrito was okay, but nothing outstanding. I know this place has a huge following, but I don't think I'll be going here again.
2	Elmer's has always been a favorite stop for our visits to Arizona. We've been going there for years. On this trip we were very disappointed with the apparent changes. Maybe there is a new owner? The food quality has taken a dive. It was overly greasy and poorly prepared. Why did they have to change? I guess we'll have to cross Elmer's off our list and it pains me to do so. Also, no more tamarindo and jamaica.
5	Love love love this place. I have been thinking about going back for chili relleno's since Tuesday. It's a hole in the wall, but those usually are the best. it's far from fancy and it's 100 times better than Serrano's and Abuelo's and a heck of a lot cheaper.
5	Love this place. Have been going there for 13 years.  Everything tastes so authentic.  Went there last night, and the line was out the door.  Always good.
4	Right around the corner from my sister's ghetto-tastic shack, this place is bomb. Green chile tostada...hell yes! The place is not much to look at from the outside, not much to savor on the inside, but the only people hanging out here are Chandler High kids escaping 4th period. You stand in line, you get your paper bag of greasy goodness, you leave with a smile on your face. You hope your sister has beer in the fridge when you get back to her place.
5	i abso-fruit-ley love this place! The fact its just around the corner for me is awesome!- The bean and cheese burrito with sauce is major noms. You can get it in the mini burrito size or regular size as well. - the strips ... Why didn't I try this in the first place?! I try not to get it everytime, but I must say simplicity at its best. Just tortilla strips, salsa, and shredded cheese. Never had anything similar that tasted so good. - other menu options I have tried is the chicken/been taquitos. Crunchy but very yummy. Also chicken tacos are really good as well. Overall this place is pretty good. It the only mexican place worthy to visit numerous times.
5	I was introduced to Elmer's by a friend of mine. I swear, I am addicted to the Buttered Torillas with Sauce but I love the Special Burro as well!!! Great food at Great prices. GO GO GO!!! Gotta little hole in the wall place that have a great product!!!
4	good mexican food.  better than filibertos and guedo taco shop down the street.  and oh yeah, its a drive thru to go place, so if its fresh, clean and tasty, thats all u need ;)
2	I don't get it. Feels americanized. Really only liked the salsa, but even that could have been a lot spicier.
2	I was really looking forward to eating here because I had read good reviews. Maybe we went on a bad day. They were very slow but it took way too long to get our food and they screwed up my friends order. I got a chicken, carne asada and fish taco. The Chicken was the best. I didn't care for the carne asada or the fish. Guedos fish tacos are far superior. I don't think that we will return to Elmer's with all the great Mexican food choices in the area. Sorry.
5	The only regret I have about this spot is that I didn't know about it sooner.  Had the bean and cheese burrito and chicken tacos and both were amazing.  Looking forward to trying some other items.
3	I read the reviews of this place and decided my wife and I should try it out. It's a little hole in the wall and reminds me of a Filabertos type restaurant. We did take out for our dinner order. They were kind of busy and it took about 30 min to get our take out order. The food is significantly better than a Filabertos type restaurant. I had a chili releno  combo that was really good. My wife had their tamale combo and she thought they were great. We also had some fish tacos which I really enjoyed. The fish was grilled not fried, and were right up their with Rubios fish tacos. I would visit this place again.
5	I love my Elmers!! Their Mini Chimi's are awesome...the fact they come with probably the best taco EVER -- just tops it off. No matter what we get we LOVE Elmers. We drive over 8 miles to go there.
3	I entered the restaurant and stood at the counter for awhile before someone come from the back to help me. I looked over the menu and when with the Steak Taco and a Fish Taco as well as the special on the board a Green Chili Chicken Burrito... I rate the experience as followed.The Steak Taco - BFish Taco - BGreen Chili Burrito - B+Staff - CI kind of wonder how a place like this can charge for a few chips but they do... All I wanted to do was enjoy some salsa and not get a dirty look and answer when I asked do you charge for chips... Spare me a few chips I just spent $14 bucks... But all in all I really enjoyed the meal I could eat a bowl of what was in the green chili burrito.
5	Elmer's bean & cheese with red sauce!!!!
4	Amazing, but everyone that has ever gone to Chandler High School always returns to Elmers!  Why?  Because they have great food!  Bean and cheese burro with sauce and strips - I have only had this meal a thousand or more times in the last 30 years...  Elmers hot sauce is the best ever - and the cheese on the strips tastes SO GOOD along with that hot sauce!!!  Not much on decor inside, so get it to go -and enjoy!!!
4	Went in to pick up lunch. I ordered the bean & cheese burrito (per Yelpers recommendation).It took a LONG time for my order to be ready, next time I will definitely call ahead. The price was awesome and the food was really good. I anxious to try more items on the menu!
5	This place-AMAZING.  I ordered the green chile burro with chicken and my friend ordered the bean and cheese burrito.  Both were bomb.  Looks like I'm going to be in Chandler a lot more often now!
4	Awesome small taco shop, the double decker tacos are amazing with a small or large strips. Good prices too.
5	Get the bean & cheese chimi. It will never disappoint. Now, I need to go have some Elmer's...
4	Believe the hype! This is a great little hole in the wall spot for some authentic Mexican (and American ) food.  Since this place is across the street from Chandler High expect to see High School students lounging around the site. I had the bean and cheese burrito with the famous "red sauce" and a beef taco. Typically, I would not eat a bean and cheese burrito because I am a diehard carnivore, but this little log had some soul! The burrito was a little on the messy side but what decent burrito isn't. I really liked that the burrito was toasted- it raises the flavor to the next level. The taco was very neat. Shell crunchy, meat moist with lettuce and cheese and of course I added the red sauce! I can't wait to go back and try other items. Too bad this place does not have a drive through.
4	Why eat at a chain restaurant when you can eat here.  Food quality, and more importantly taste is far better than any chain food.  Price can't be beat.  For my money this is the best bean burrito in the world.  Strips with cheese and sauce are the way to do.  Red beef burrito is like something I haven't ate since the late 60s...in other words its good.  And did I mention price?
3	Good food for a "fast food" joint, but not very fast. If you are on a lunch break, or have limited time, avoid this place.
5	Beans and tortillas are top notch.  Quality of food for price is outstanding.  Support your local mom and pop and eat here!
5	If you haven't been here yet what the hell are you waiting for!!!  I'm addicted to this place the carne asada burro is outstanding top notch try it. Do it do it
4	I like this place...A LOT.If the beans taste like they were made with lard, I like it. ha. Came here for lunch on a Saturday. Place was hoppin. Ordered a taco, tostada and some rice. Pretty damn amazing. Service was fast. Only downfall, the person in front of me ordered 50 some tacos and that made my wait for food a little long. Order to go so you can get the hot sauce packets!I will be back....with others......
5	Coming from New Mexico, Mexican food is in my DNA. I have tried many things here but I come for one thing and that is the bean and cheese burrito! Tastes like it came from my mothers kitchen!
4	Cheap, quick, authentic, delicious.
4	A chandler institution, the food is great, service is awesome. Great place to run into people you haven't seen in years (if you grew up here). If you didn't we will accept you anyways.
5	Elmer, I love you.I have since I was a senior at Chandler High. Back then I was broke so I could only get a bean burrito and strips...and they were dang good. If anyone wants to complain about strips just being chips and cheese they can suck it.Now days I am a little less broke so I always get the green chili burro. And it is always so good. Spicy enough to burn a little and the tortilla is always fresh...thanks man.And bless your little Mexican Heart, you serve corn dogs...so I can even come here with my crazy picky kids. I love you Elmer. I always will.
4	Very good mexican food. I had a mini burro which was actual good. Also the taco and enchiladas was yummy. Cheap price and great food. Best on in the chandler area.
5	Bean and cheese with sauce and a small strips!!!! That's all I have to say.
2	First of all the food is OK. I think people who haven't experience authentic Mexican food will think this place is awesome but for me it was OK. The staff however is some of the worst ever. Guy took my order and seemed like he did know what I was ordering. Asked for a lunch burrito and got a breakfast burrito. Not the brightest bulbs in the box but what do you expect.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the bean & cheese burritos! Just made a phone order for pick up to try it "with sauce" per most Yelpers recommendations... can't wait! Fish tacos are good. Tacos are street taco size, and they pack a lot of flavor- Delish. The place is not special but the food is =)
4	First, if you want "mexican food" then you need to go to Mexico and get it.  Same with any other ethnic type food.  If you want the real deal go to that country.  Otherwise what you're going to get (in most cases) is an Americanized version of whatever it was you were trying to eat.Moreover, as you travel east from Cali on I-10 towards Texas, you will come across at least 4 different styles of American Mexican food.  What you like and what you call mexican food probably has a lot to do with were you had it first and where you had it good first.This brings to Elmers.  Small shop, family owned.  Relatively simple menu.  Pretty low prices.  Lots of homemade stuff...beans,chips, salsa, etc.Quite frankly, from a quality standpoint this is as good mexican food as you can get anywhere in the greater Phx area.Going to a chain (Macayos,Garcias, etc) store will not get you better food.  It will get you high prices. It will get you a larger place.  It will probably get you a larger menu selection.  But in the end the food will be substandard in taste an quality to ElmersBad thing about Elmers is that it's across the street from the Chandler High.  an as such the volume of people there can be pretty great.But in the end get a bean and cheese and a red chili burrito and you'll be in business.
4	Split decision I really enjoyed the food, but my wife wasn't thrilled.If you're looking for fine dining, don't stop here.  Keep on driving.  BUT if you're a fan of a simple Mexican food joint, like I am...  You're in for a treat.  Good cheap Mexican food!
4	Really good Chicken tacos, Great prices.
4	I really only got 2 things, the green chili burro and beef taco. I had takeout too, so it wasn't as good as eating there I'm sure. The green chili is a must. Not too hot not too bland. Good tortillas. The taco was good but next time, Ill eat in. Pretty good neighborhood place.
4	I love this place.  It's amazing how delicious a simple bean and cheese burrito can be.  Their red sauce is perfect, their green chile is to die for, and their strips + cheese are amazing.  When I go, I usually get the mini burritos - because I like to have both the bean / cheese & green chile.  If you like Mexican food, go to Elmer's and you won't be disappointed.I also give credit to their location, and their student prices, getting all those Chandler High students addicted to their tasty food early on creates nostalgia for their taste buds & guarantees "for life" customers.  Bravo.
1	We were debating between coming here or going to our old favorite: Moreno's just down the street. Since we found Moreno's by ditching this place a year ago, we decided to try this place out for dinner just to see if we were missing anything. The end result was no, we weren't missing anything by skipping out on this place for so long. The outside looks really outdated and run down but sometimes you can't judge places by how they look on the outside.The inside was pretty clean but also looked like a flashback to the 90's. There was no one in there when we went so we got to order right away, although there was no greeting and the cashier had a serious attitude problem. I was intrigued to see that they offer Indian fry bread but I went ahead and ordered the cheese enchiladas with a chile relleno, and my partner ordered the mini chimi's. We waited not too long and the cashier clomped out with our food and left it in a huff on our table. If you eat there, the meals come in to go styrofoam containers and I began to wonder where the silverware was. When I opened up the container I saw that the forks were on top of the food inside, can you say gross? I don't like it when the top of my straw has been touched by the waiter. It reminded me of going to a buffet and finding the spoon has been dropped into the food.Prices were low but they charged $1.50 for a side of guacamole and extra for sour cream for a dish (chimichangas) that should already come with it. Not a huge helping, one of those small condiment to go containers. The guac had more onions than avocados and the mini chimi's never specified what kind of meat was inside, so they were filled with some mystery mixture that appeared to be mostly beans with essence of beef. The taco meat appeared to be dry but on the plus side the rice was moist and I could smell the tomato sauce. The chile relleno I ordered was spongy at best and the enchiladas were forgettable in flavor. The beans were very greasy but hey this isn't health food right? I can't blame those Chandler High student for getting addicted to this place, teenagers don't know any better. Telling people the only way to get authentic Mexican food is to travel to Mexico or to get real ethnic food is to travel to that prospective country does not make any sense. You would have to tell all of the ethnic home cooks including my parents that in order to make "real" food they have to go back to their countries and cook it there. People who come from other countries if they do it right, are perfectly able to replicate the same meals in America. Restaurants can be authentic if they tried. So while I wait for my dad to return from Cuba and Panama, and my mom to return from Spain with my meal, I will just say this place is not worth it. I recommend Moreno's if you are restricted to this area only or La Tolteca in Phoenix if you can travel.
5	Very impressed with the menu items I've tried so far.  Ranking at the top is their green chile burrito, which is beef, not pork, but that's ok.  The taste is there, and is every bit as good as El Zocalo's, just different.Coming in a close second is their bean and cheese cone.  Yeah, I didn't know what to think when I saw it advertised on their wall, but since it was a 'dollar menu' item, I was down.  It surpassed my wildest expectations.  The 'cone' was a fantastic deep fried flour tortilla.  I got it for my grand daughter, but ended up eating half of it.  Bad Grandpa.Pulling up in third place was their green chicken mini burro.  Just the right size, and tasted great.Elmer's is now on my radar when I'm hankering for local Mexican fare.  And 'bean and cheese cone'... we will meet again, and again.
5	If your looking for some fancy smancy  trendy Mexican bistro then stop reading, this place is not for you!No fancy table and chairs here, and the murals are borderline tacky. But the food, the food is comforting and delishisly satisfying!  So good, I've been coming here regularly for the past 25 years. I hate to sound like a broken record, but everything on the menu is good! If you have children, the mini bean and cheese burritos are the perfect size, just ask for no sauce as it might be too spicy for the young ones. My favorite is a red beef burro with beans, and a large order of strips with extra cheese. put some hot sauce on each strip one at a time while you eat them and you'll be in heaven.Whats the price like, you ask? I know of no other place, where you can feed a family of four for under $20!!!! and leave completely satisfied!
4	I have been eating here for about 18 years.  Food has always been very good.  Never really had a problem with the service, or food.  I believe they messed up our order once.  Not bad in 18 years though.  4 Stars, but closer to 5 than 3!
3	Elmer's Tacos joint has good Mexican food, but does not come close to being the best around the area. While the food does carry that authentic taste, quite a few dishes are...well, weird tasting.I would recommend the hard shelled tacos. You can never go wrong with tacos, and for the most part this is the pretty tasty.There are some other worthy Mexican food places to try when in Chandler, but Elmers is worth it if looking for a quick Mexi-food fix.
1	I went to try out the breakfast burrito, they say open at 730 but didn't open door til 745. I proceeded to order and was told kitchen wasn't ready and it would be 15 minutes. Seems like their missing out on the high school kids and parents with this.Food: burrito left more to be desired although it was large it was lacking in flavor. Tortilla was falling apart and super crispy. Not my thing. Salsa was pretty good though! I got eggs, bacon, potatoes, cheese and beans my norm. I should have just got my norm bowl of  cereal.
5	Well I just got back from Elmer's and again as always their Green Hot Beef Burrito or as I call ity was out of this world. Here's a small little restaurant that the kids at Chandler high have been growing on for decades. Whether it's a Burrito ( My Favorite) Taco or Machaca you' never be disappointed. Filaberto's doesn't hold a candle to it and neither does any of the other chain slaughter houses in town.
4	So I'm in town for a "thing," and since I don't like eating at chain restaurants any longer, especially when I'm out of town, I scouted out a few Mexican restaurants.  Many mid-to-high level cost sites are chain-ish, with locations allllll over the place, even though they are not nation-wide.  I decided to bring my search down to a more Mom-n-Pop kind of place and found Elmer's only about 10 minutes from my hotel.  I cruised through downtown Chandler ... past the trendy bistros and happening clientele a few blocks and plopped myself at Elmer's.The patio is nice, fun to eat out under the stars on a pleasant November evening, and next time I will stay.  The wall paintings inside are interesting and oddly realistic.  The throw-back menu board I like very much.I ordered the 3-beef taco dinner and two tamales to go.  Staff was very nice, got to work on my order right away, and the service area and dining room were clean.  Would have been nice to have customer-access to the drink machine, but I imagine being right across from Chandler High School would literally drain them DRY during lunch time!The tacos are TOP NOTCH -- big chunks of shredded beef, fresh shredded cheese -- still crispy and warm for me when I got back to my hotel.  The refried beans were great -- very nice flavor.  The rice was good, too.The tamales -- also TOP NOTCH -- hot (temperature), moist, wrapped inside corn husks, paper wrap and foil, with LOTS of shredded beef.  The packets of their sauce -- never had it before -- not quite sold on it, very tomato-ee and not at all spicy.  I should have ordered a few jalepenos to go along with it to get some extra oomph.  Next time I will know.I love places like this -- great, fresh food, as authentic as you can get without being in Tia's kitchen.  They can earn a FIFTH star from me when come back and work my way through their menu and gulp down some Horchata on the patio under the stars.Well done, Elmer's Tacos!
5	I am a sucker for their salsa at Elmer's. It just cant be tomatoes, onions and  cilantro, there has to be some "secret" love they put in it. Tacos are to die for.
4	Nondescript place serving great bean & cheese burritos and tacos.
5	Pretty reasonable and awesome Mexican food. It was so good I spoke Spanish after wards.
4	My first two visits to Elmer's were good ones.  I've tried the green chili burro (excellent, quite spicy), beef tacos (average), bean and cheese burro (very good), red beef burro (very good) and their rice and beans are both quite tasty.  Service is very quick and friendly.  Convenient parking right off of Arizona Avenue,  just north of Chandler Blvd.  I would assume it is very busy during school lunch hours with the high school not far away, so I've avoided those hours.  Each time I've been there it's been relatively slow (no line) with just a handful of people in the dining area.Prices are fair and you get a good amount of food for your buck.  Will be on my regular rotation of Mexican joints!
3	Drunk or hung over this is the spot for you ;) don't go for the atmosphere or service. You will wait in line to place your order at a counter. But if you need greasy Mexican food your in luck. I am a fan while intoxicated however I could live without the  heartburn and hangover lol. Guess I will never learn...
4	DO NOT COME HERE DURING SCHOOL LUNCH HOURS.  Just a little warning.  Made that mistake one time and won't make it again.  Although, I have to give them credit- the high schoolers get their own line and their food is ready made.Anyway, My husband thinks this place rocks and doesn't want to get fast food Mexican anywhere else.  He hoards the salsa packets and brings them home and puts them on everything.Personally, I think it's good, but does leave a little to be desired.  It is greasy.  Very greasy.  I like to get one of three things.  The bean and ground beef tostada, the ground beef burrito or the machacha chicken tacos (not as greasy).  I haven't ventured far from those things though.  The refried beans are the best I have ever had and I have to steal the recipe some day.  The rice is blah.  The service is okay.  The food takes a little while to come out, especially if you go during a rush hour.  The layout leaves something to be desired because the place gets so busy.  Location is awesome.  Always clean.
5	We love, love, love this place!!!  The asada is heaven!  The salsa and chips are so addictive.  The service is great and this is truly a great "hole in the wall"!!!
1	My bad luck continues they burned our buritos.  And the guy across has burned food too I'm watching the cowboy eat it burned. And the cook gave me a mean look. Why send out bruned food.  I love this place. The bean burittos are great but you have to wonder if they are that careless is the food sanitary
2	Caught them before closing time, being generous with 2 stars regardless the tacos were mediocre at best.
4	Elmer's is a randomly delicious hole-in-the-wall Mexican food spot that has been in downtown Chandler for roughly one million years. My family started going to Elmer's when we moved to Chandler from Milwaukee, Wisconsin about 20 years ago. I can safely say that it was my first experience of more "authentic" Mexican food, as the stuff we had in the Midwest seemed to have been made by people who had ONLY seen pictures of Mexican food, but had not actually tasted the real thing. (the Mexican restaurant of choice in WI during my childhood was called, unironically and naively, Chi-Chis... no joke) That said, I have great memories of this place! It is tiny, tucked into a small strip immediately opposite Chandler high school. There is a parking lot in the back that can be difficult to navigate when it is crowded. There is a decent patio, however I never end up sitting out there as the tables and benches are made of concrete, which feels like lava during the hotter 7 months of the year. The interior is not particularly special, but also has not changed a bit since I first visited; the furniture looks like it may have been inherited from a McDonalds or other fast food restaurant from the 80s, the floors are linoleum (I think? Maybe tile), and there are fairly cheesy murals of cartoony animals throughout. There is a wrought iron waist-high fence that indicates where to form a line, and a counter where the orders are taken. The menu is done in old-school marquis style, with plastic letters attached to the backing. If you're looking for something in particular, be sure to look at ALL of the menu boards - they have a large menu that stretches all the way behind the long counter, above the kitchen, it is not very well lit, and it is easy to miss something if you only pay attention to the boards that are immediately in front of you and easy to see. I have a few "go to" items - the Strips are oddly yummy... tortilla strips (in lieu of chips) topped with unmelted shredded cheese. Weird, right? They're crazy salty and for some reason, in the hot Chandler weather, the cool cheese with the crunchy chips usually hits the spot. Adding a dab of their hot sauce here and there (also very salty) adds a little heat and flavor when needed. The Cheesy Beef Tortilla is basically the one thing that I order here - not because other stuff isn't good, but because the Cheesy Beef Tortilla is just THAT good. It is a large tortilla (probably about 12" in diameter) filled with Green Machaca Shredded Beef, lots of cheese, tomatoes, and onions, then broiled. It is folded first in half, then in quarters and is usually a "knife and fork" sort of thing. In theory it is like a quesadilla, but in practice it is softer, fuller of delicious stuff, and just tastier overall. They do a good job with their Machaca - very flavorful, good meat (not too fatty, which is a problem I often find with shredded beef in Mexican food) I've also tried tacos, fry bread, burritos, etc - all good, at least standard if not better than most. Pricing is reasonable in my book. On a recent visit we got a Cheesy Beef Tortilla, Two Tacos, Two Drinks, and an order of Strips for around $12. The line/order/wait scenario is a bit of a pain sometimes - I visited on a weekend midafternoon and there were one or two people in front of me in line, which was not bad. However, once you order, you have to wait to hear your number called and pick up your food from the end of the counter. I think we probably waited upwards of 15 minutes for our food to be ready, and it was difficult to entertain the baby while also listening attentively for my number. I think they could definitely improve by creating a table-number setup for dine-in orders so that guests could take a seat, snack on their strips, etc while waiting for their food. The staff are pretty nice - not overwhelmingly friendly but they made things easy and had kind demeanors.
5	This place is amazing!!! I love the beans and chips and salsa :)
3	The food was pretty good and very inexpensive. The only negative to our experience isthat they don't have highchairs... Only place I've been to with no highchairs.
5	Great food.  Good is consistently great. Tamales are always good and salsa.
5	I love Elmer's. They're so friendly and food is great. I always order the "red & bean" burrito it's not on the menu. But its delish!! It's beans with their special red sauce and a bunch of shredded beef. It's so flavorful and tender. The strips are also very good. Highly recommend this place!!
3	We have been here quite a few times and its pretty good! It has that authentic Mexican flavors. I would say its...similar to Someburros but slightly cheaper. I usually get their chicken tacos and my BF always gets a carne asada burrito. More recently I got a chorizo and potato breakfast burrito which was really good. We don't come here often but mainly because we don't go in that direction often. The only thing I thought was...odd, is their "nachos" They don't melt the cheese. They give you chips with raw cheese. The guy at the counter, on our very first visit, gave us some for free to try and swore how everyone loves it. We didn't, it was bland. I'd rather have my cheese melted, and would like some tomatoes, onions, and sour cream on top. Oh well!! We still like this place and will continue to stop by when we're near.
4	This place is the typical hole in the wall Mexican restaurant you will find. The staff was friendly and the chips and salsa were great. The rice and beans were really good but the enchilada sauce the use did not taste very good to me at all, but that's just my opinion. My wife was happy with her food so I assume I just need to try something else. It is a very clean place. But as the other review says, it would be wise not to come during school hours, as the high school is literally across the street.
3	If you're one to pass Arizona Ave on the Downtown Chandler area, you'll probably notice the adobe color painted building of Elmer's Tacos. Beautiful mural design of a desert landscape outside and more colored details ala Mexican motiff inside. They have patio tables up front and on the back, with plenty of parking for day and night customers. The restaurant itself is small and has a sufficient flow of AC air during Summer. It is also well-lighted thus it helps one to see clearly the picture menus on the upper wall. Casual and welcoming atmosphere, casual because it has the street-appeal eatery that customers in their Summer shorts and shirts, even on pajamas, can enjoy a meal, and welcoming because we were greeted when we walked in and friendly service on the counter. I had a fish taco and horchata and would say they can do better, not really a big fan of fish and coleslaw filling, and the sugar on the horchata could use a cut-down. Price on all of their food is very reasonable. We were there at around 8:00 p.m. on a weekday, and at this time, the tables and floors have not been wipe out. Definitely a cheap eats, and although the food did not win me, i will still give this a try because of their casual ambiance, and hopefully my next order will be satisfying to my liking.
4	This is THE place to go for green chili burritos in the Valley.  Easily the best I have ever experienced.  I haven't had anything else (why stray when you have the best?), but everyone I have taken there has fallen in love with the food.The restaurant itself is a little nondescript, but easy to find if you remember that it's across from Chandler High and next to a fortune teller.  The prices are extremely reasonable and the atmosphere is definitely very laid back.
3	This place is quick and cheap. So I am all for that. There really isn't a good taco Tuesday special, which I was looking for. The tacos were decent and the burrito was decent. It wasn't mind-blowing, but it was all good. Good ingredients, made fresh, and way better than taco bell or filabertos.
5	Best Mexican food in Arizona!!
4	Oh Elmer's. How I love thee! I have been coming here for years and I will always be a fan. Their food is exceptional! Pricing isn't too bad either. I can't help but indulge while I'm there so my tab always seems a little high. The strips are phenomenal and the salsa completes the meal. It is the best place for Grade A, hole in the wall delicious Mexican Food!!!
5	If there was one eatery to remind me of high school it's Elmer's tacos! Awesome food but the taco sauce is where they shine! Also can't beat $1 tacos!
2	I really don't know why this place gets so many good reviews. It is very dirty. Very old. It gets busy and the service is horribly slow. And honestly the food is just greasy and nasty.The reviews say it's a great place for cheap good Mexican food. But it's not even cheap.The salsa is not fresh. And the guacamole is pretty tasteless. When you order tortilla chips and salsa... They put package shredded cheese on and not melted.I had a taco salad and I couldn't even finish eating it. If you like really quick and bad American Mexican food and then this is the place for you.
5	Our favorite taco place! Luckily we live very close so whenever we get taco cravings we go for Elmer's. Our favorite things to order is 3 taco dinner special, bean & cheese burritos with sauce and tostadas. I normally don't like beans but their beans are sooooo good.
5	Absolutely love love love this place! However the only thing I've ever gotten from here is their bean and cheese burrito, and a taco. The taco wasn't the best, but their beans are amazing. I love the service here too, they are always friendly.
4	Awesome green beef. Spicy. This is like a real mom n pop mexican joint. Not much of a dine in experience - has a fast food feel to it. Genuine mexican food -- which i think i was taking for granted in the Phoenix area. But i would rate this better than others i tried in the area. The people are great -- they even let me taste a few of the meats before i chose my tacos. Will go again when i am in phx again.
1	Wow!  I have lived in the area for over 10 years and love Mexican food.  Unfortunately, this is the worst food I have had in many years.  Choose another place!
5	Love this place!! Cheap, quick and good. The only thing is, if you go during the weekday during Chandler High School lunch, you will have to wait. Other than that it is authentic and filling. This is a staple of Chandler that you have to try! This is a go to place for me when I am wanting Mexican food.
5	Best Bean and Cheese and Large Strips in the world. Been coming here for since 93 and have never eaten anything that wasn't good! PERIOD.
5	My entire family LOVES this place! My parents have been eating here since high school and I grew up with these bean and cheese burritos and strips! Luckily my husband loves it here too :) Elmer's is a great, yummy part of Chandler! Everyone should try it!
2	I can tell by the mixed reviews that I am not the only one who is befuddled by the glowing reviews for the food here.  This reminds me of bland cafeteria Mexican food and the salsa fails to add any sort of flavor.  Are people dedicated to this place simply because of tradition?  This is yet another tiny Mexican mom-and-pop restaurant in the East Valley that has disappointed me.  I didn't know how good I had it before, when I lived northern California.  There you could find the family Mexican restaurants that were inexpensive, delicious, and offered generous portion sizes.Elmer's fails in the following ways:1) Not inexpensive. My meal plus drink came to roughly $10 and consisted of a small crunchy taco, a mini chimi, and a mini tostada (meatless). 2) Not delicious. The chimi was the best thing on the plate and it was just "meh". The salsa was watery, lacked any discernible heat, and tasted canned.3) Not generous portons.  I was still hungry after the meal. I would've done better to have gone to Taco Bell.Sorry Elmer's.  The folks taking my orders out the counter were certainly nice (hence the two stars instead of one). But I just can't eat here again.
5	Do you love Chile Rellenos?  This place has the real deal and they are very inexpensive.  I had their combo 15 plate that also includes beans (awesome) and rice (awesome) and enchiladas (good, but needed a little onion).   Be sure and ask for some salsa for your table - it is in a squeeze bottle and I pretty much used up the entire bottle because it is so tasty!  Lunch hour during school days is very busy so if you come at lunch when school is in session, plan on standing in line.
1	Below average Mexican food at best. And $6 for chips and guacamole? Unless you go to Chandler High, skip this place.
4	Definitely going back generous portions great food friendly staff
3	I ate there twice and so far it's been good. The place isn't as clean as I would like ,but the food is good.
4	chips, cold cheese, and red salsa? I would have never thought! it is good. My usual order is the burrito pastor. Its pretty good but I'm usually there for the chips!
5	In business for decades. Been here that long because they're AWESOME! Best burros and horchata ever. I recommend the green chile burro. Great stuff.
4	I love Elmer's.  Try the strips and sauce they are different but so good. They have great green chili burritos, shredded beef tacos are also a  favorite of mine. Avoid going here at lunch time mon thru fri it is very popular with chandler high kids.
5	This is a great restaurant? Been going here for 15 yrs and I'm looking forward to eating here for the next 15:-)
5	WOW!!!!  Best Mexican food we've had in years!  Had beef green chili burros and beef tacos (crispy) and everything was fantastic.  Tasted some of my father-in-law's Indian fry bread and it was super tasty, too.  My son got a number five and he said the beef chimi was his favorite part.  Our new favorite place for texmex!
5	I've been going to Elmer's ever since I was an extremely young child. Going there is one of the best memories I have with my dad. I love Elmer's and everyone that works there.
5	Co worker showed me this place. He said this is where he went when he attended Chandler High school. Got a breakfast burrito chimi  style. Best burrito I've had in a long time. Will be coming back for a 2nd helping soon!
4	Tasty, affordable and quick. Friendly staff. I liked the mini burrito options to try favorites. My go to is the chicken green chile burrito. The Beef enchilada my husband had was fantastic and tostada was delicious. We ordered nachos which come with shredded cheese, unmelted and were handed a hot sauce. It looked weird but was different and enjoyable.
5	Love this place. Best breakfast burritos in town. We live on Tempe and eat here at least once a week.  If we want breakfast burritos we go here. The other food is great too.
2	Today was my first time trying Elmer's. It was ok. I wasn't wowed or anything. I had a shredded beef taco. It seemed on the small side. The meat was pretty dry. Nothing special.I also had a been burrito and I asked for no cheese because I like a side of cheese and then I add just the amount of cheese I like to the inside. Well my burrito had cheese in it anyway.  I've had better burritos. It was ok, but not great. My side of strips were good. I really did like those. Also when I picked up my order, my taco was missing so I had to go back and tell them that they had forgotten that.  Good thing I checked before I left.Overall I just wasn't impressed.  Probably won't go back.
5	Going to Chandler High school I became a lifelong Elmer's fan, nothing beats strips and a bean and chee.
4	This is my Chandler go to place for Mexican food. Some things to be aware of:   (1) during school lunches they are packed(2) you pay for the chips and salsa(3) there is a cost of refills look beyond that and you will have some great food for a very decent price!
4	In every city, usually across the street or within a short walk of the High School there is a neighborhood hangout. The food can run from just average, to exceptional. Elmer's tends to be mostly in the latter camp over the former, what a wonderful surprise.My two coworkers and I came here for a late lunch yesterday. From the outside, it doesn't look like anything special. Heck, even on the inside it doesn't either. Yes, Elmer's is a hole in the wall type place. One that probably wouldn't even make Guy Fieri's DDD list. But the food is good.I ordered chips, steak burrito and a drink. The tab came to under $9 and if you look at the picture of the chips, it's kind of basic. The Salsa btw comes in plastic squirt bottles. LOL. But my steak burrito was the real deal and bomb! Take a look at my picture and know that Chipotle has nothing on this bad boy. It tasted as good as it looks and it's only $5.85.  Nice. Enjoy!
5	Great food try the pastor burrito I would eat this for breakfast lunch and dinner if I could.
3	I had really high hopes for this place because of the great reviews on yelp, however, after going there I realized that those reviews are from people who have been coming here for a while. In my opinion, those reviews are not very representative of how good Elmer's is, but the 2-3 start reviews are.First, I have to agree with everyone, and even those people that gave this place poor reviews mentioned this, that the customer service here is great.  The girl and guy that were working at the counter were extremely helpful, especially when we told them that it was our first time at Elmer's. They told us all the most popular dishes and even gave us extra items off the menu for free to try. After all of that, I actually feel bad giving this place such a low review, but the food just wasn't goodWe ordered the bean and cheese burrito, the green chili burrito, got free "strips" (all of which everyone was raving about), and also decided to try a tamale.  Out of everything we ordered, the tamale ended up being our favorite, and it wasn't anything out of the ordinary.  The bean and cheese burrito and the green chili burrito did not taste any different than the frozen burritos I buy from the grocery store. They were edible and not terrible, but not something I would go out of my way to buy when I can get the same thing at Fry's for 25 cents.  As for the "strips"--which apparently have some kind of following because one of the customers in line also told us they were amazing and the worker told us people drive hours to order--I did not understand those at all, even though the workers and customers swore by them. We were give a box of (stale) chips with cold shredded cheese on them and a lot of salsa packets. We were told to drench the chips in salsa, and eat as is!! DO NOT MICROWAVE! So we came home, curious as to how this would taste. Did exactly what we were told. And lo and behold.....they tasted like stale chips with cold cheese and bland salsa. We were so confused that we put even more salsa on them and that failed because they ended up tasting worse. I don't know what we missed, maybe they taste magical when you're slightly inebriated, I don't know. All I know is that this place did not cut it for me.So 2 stars for the food and the third star is for the great service.
3	Typical Americanized Mexican food place nothing fancy just ok food to fill you up. Indian fried bread is pretty good if they don't burn it .. its more of a tradition for people living in the area or grew up going to chandler high. so don't expect much from this beside some decent food to fill you up.
5	Mom and I popped in for a quick snack - got two mini burros - green chicken and machaca beef. Excellent!!!! The green chicken had a very nice kick to it, the machaca was tender and lean. Absolutely delicious! Will definitely be back!
5	Elmer's is our family's favorite! I'm picky about my beans & rice (after growing up with my nana's homemade) and this is one of the few places I love both. We recently used them to cater a party and everyone commented on how good the food was. Last, but not least, I just saw on the news that they had a perfect health inspection. I  Elmer's!
5	Excellent food, been coming here for 20+ years. Just make sure your here before 11:30 or come after 12:30 it is located right across the street from chandler high school so lunch time is insanely busy!! But over all a great place to have some lunch or breakfast!
5	Bean and cheese with sauce and large strips has been my staple there now for over 30 years! Nothing more I can say than an absolutely PHENOMENAL Mexican food joint with incredible history and delicious food.
1	I have heard a ton of good things about elmers. So I was expecting my first Elmers experience to be amazing. I got my food after a while of waiting, which was understandable due to the fact it was busy. I was not upset about this fact. What I was upset about was the fact that once I got my 2 mini chimichangas they were completely frozen in the middle. Not just cold, but frozen. The outer fried part was warm, and the inside tasted very well. But the fact that it was frozen makes me skeptical on going back again.
5	Best. Burritos. Ever.
