5	You all know REI, the greatest place to get all your outdoor gear. Co-op gives rebates yearly to members to spend on more great stuff. Frequent discounts. Wide selection. Polite and helpful staff. I just wish they would carry and electric bike so I could test one out. Don'f forget to try to dehydrated Ice Cream Bar or Java Juice. My favs!!!!
5	Just got myself a pair of these http://www.vibramfivefingers.com/from REI. Free shipping! If you're an outdoors kind of person than there's no need for you to read about REI and how incredible it is. For those newbies to Mother Nature, you're in for a treat. This is where my love for the great outdoors started. I'm not an avid biker, hiker, trekker, swimmer, shooter or killer but a visit to this store and I feel like I want to bike through France, trek Mount Everest, swim the Baltic Sea, and hunt Polar Bears. You don't have to be in shape to love being in the great outdoors, you just need the right gears from REI.Because of REI, Bear Grylls has nothing on me when It comes to survival in the wild.
4	It's Day 1, you're just off the plane, hiking along gorgeous red rocks.  You've had a decent hike, on the way back to the car now, when suddenly, you step on something . . . weird.  You look down, and are utterly dismayed to find that half of the sole of your right hiking boot has come unglued and is flopping under itself.  A la MacGyver, your best friend whips out a rubber hair-tie which you fasten around the toe to hold the boot together for the remainder of your journey.  You delicately hobble the remainder of the hike back to the car, wondering how the next few days of hiking are going to look with this floppy, poor excuse for foot protection.Enter, REI.  Thank god we found one, as I certainly don't know Las Vegas very well, but I do know REI.  I was in and out in 15 minutes, replaced my beloved (and worn) old sturdies with a spiffy new set of Vasques, which, by the way, needed no breaking in at all.  I wore them right out of the store, only took them off at night over the next several days and had not even a single red spot to show for all my desert hiking.REI you saved me from days of stubbornly hiking around on my back-up option, which, even in my mind's best version still amounted to me limping around on a tangled mess of duct tape, hair ties and old rubber.  Me thinks that would've ended badly.
4	The Skinny: great service but sometimes staff is a little overwhelmed because they are willing to spend time with you (4.5), great products (5), excellent return/exchange policy (5+!!!).Okay, this location is the bomb. Seriously.I've bought a lot of stuff here and on their website (the outlet side). They have an almost ridiculous no-questions-asked satisfaction guarantee policy (similar to Costco).The staff at this REI are knowledgeable and give a lot of advice with regards to choosing equipment. Often, they use the stuff themselves. The staff will spend time with you in choosing backpacks, tents, etc (like over 30 minutes if necessary). That being said, sometimes they can be overwhelmed by customers at times.Often, I will purchase things on items online at their outlet store and get it sent to the store. Yep... you get even more discounted items online  and get it shipped free to the store for you to pick up. Totally sweet.Frequent great sales, great staff... if you love the outdoors and need to be outfitted, this is the place to be.
4	I love REI. Their prices might scare you at first, but you really do get what you pay for. REI backs up everything they sell with an excellent return policy. Their employees are also knowledgeable and passionate about the outdoor lifestyle. To sum it up, REI provides an excellent end-to-end buying experience.
2	Let it be known I hate being outdoors. Camping and hiking give me the hives and the idea of biking is awful to me. This store isn't for folks like me - I get it. Unfortunately, my friends and family aren't all committed to my outdoors-free existence and from time to time I find myself in places like this. I came here for ski stuff specifically. While I know REI doesn't specialize in ski gear, they do have certain stores designated as "ski stores" . The one by my house isn't a ski store, but this one way the hell far away from me is. Ok, I make the drive and imagine my surprise to find 4 freaking pairs of ski boots! A sad selection of ski socks, a terrible selection of skiis! WTF REI. I used to shop at the REI in Houston (also a "ski store") and it had 10x the selection. Why would Houston have better stuff than Vegas - a store located within driving distance to mountains!??! UGHA side note is stores like this really bother me in general. The things they sell are so ridiculous only fools that go camping would ever think to buy them. Stainless steel and plastic wine glasses?!?! If you aren't drinking out of a proper glass, just please get a solo cup or something or drink out of the freaking bottle. If you're bothering to bring wine camping and know anything about wine you'd know enough to know that if you aren't drinking out of real glass, there's no point in buying a "wine glass" that's plastic or stainless steel. Why must people pretend their are homeless for an evening to get their kicks? Lastly, I hate the stupid REI program they harass you about THE ENTIRE TIME you're in this awful store. I don't want to buy your program - stop bothering me about it. I've heard the speech too many times now, I try to make you stop and you still give it. Checking out is a nightmare here - I feel like i'm at a time share presentation. Overall, I realise I'm not this store's target audience, but when forced to buy outdoorsy crap, this is one of my least favorite places. Terrible annoying sales people and a slim selection, even compared to other REI stores.
5	I discovered REI about six years ago and immediately signed up for their Membership.  (I was heading out to Africa and needed some serious supplies - they had it all.)When I moved to Vegas, I was glad to discover not one, but two REIs here.  I love walking through this store - it can get dangerous though because I just want to buy random crap.  (Y'know, stuff you don't need but think is really cool to have.)  Things are a bit more expensive here, and sales can be just okay or really good.  Their annual (or bi-annual) garage sales are definitely worth taking a look at too.I've spent a bit more time at this particular location and speaking to the staff - I purchased my first bicycle from them!  I got measured properly to find my correct height and realized that a child's bike fit my stature better! (We spent the summer biking all around our neighborhood!)  They have a really good group working there - so friendly and just eager to help out.  Love that attitude!  I also bought my first snowboard and boots from them! They also have various classes going on each month and I've managed to attend a few of them - quite educational and sometimes you get a little gift at the end! I also love their fabulous return policy, easy as pie!  And they also allow you to ship to a store for free pick up, which is definitely a plus!  Overall - it's a great store with a great policy!
4	Great staff, a little pushy on their memberships, but it's that way at all stores. I've had amazing experiences in their footwear department, with staff really taking the time to understand my problems or needs. However, this location is always out of stock in my size (mens 10). I had to come back 5 different times to try on a pair of Vibram FiveFingers. They offered to order me a pair from another location, but I don't like having to pay for something that may not fit and I'd then have to deal with returning it. Can't beat their staff knowledge however, and that will keep me coming back.
2	This review is more about the bike shop at the Boca Park REI than the store. The store is the same as every other REI I have shopped at, full of toys, some over prices, some not. Standard. But the bike shop is a place to be wary of. I brought my mountain bike in to have it tuned and the rear wheel trued. Paperwork filled out, I left the bike with the promise it would be done in a couple days. That night I received a phone call from the store's head mechanic. He had bad news, the bike would need a overhaul - an additional $100 bucks on top of the tune- plus a new rear wheel. Now, I have put several hundred miles on the bike so neither sounded outlandish, so I gave him the green light. Later in the week I received another call, this time I needed a new rear derailleur, rear shock, and bottom bracket, all of which he could easily order for me. Convenient. Short on cash, and now suspicious of the mechanic's true motivation - particularly after I had replaced the BB just a month prior - I declined. Later, I received the final call that the bike was ready, and I drove in to pick it up. Of course the mechanic was "out for the day" - he was always out - so I did not notice that he had put my rear shock on backwards, failed to fill it with air, failed to properly tune the rear derailleur, and had cut a much to long piece of tubing for the front brake. I have yet to find a good bike mechanic in Vegas, but be warned that this guy is in the business of selling new parts, not fixing bikes.
3	i really do appreciate REI's generous selection on outdoor gear however, it can be a little pricey. i will admit that if i find something i HAVE to have, i'll save it into my phone and find a better deal on Amazon.com.other than the expensive prices, the employee's are super nice, friendly, and willing to help you out. i think their membership program is great if you shop there often. it's always nice to getting a little something back. =)
4	Fab store for the active lifestyle.  I came here for the food goods, and their camping food choices are amazing!
5	What is important to realize about REI is that it is a coop. Members and employees have equal say in what is happening in the corporation. Yes REI is pricey, but the gear is amazing and well worth every penny. YOu pay for what you get and your payment goes to supporting one of the best examples of how a company should run.
5	I love this store. It is a bit pricey at times, but you can find just about anything you need for your outdoor adventures! I especially love the free classes and the knowledgeable staff. Not all staff members are my favorite, but many really know their stuff and I think it would be a completely different store without them.
5	Love this store. Not only is it full of great stuff, but the staff is always helpful!
4	This isn't as big as the mega store in Manhattan Beach, but I needed to buy a pair of hiking shoes that I forgot back home.  There was no other customers in the store (Thursday afternoon) and I was in and out in 10 minutes with my purchase. Cool selection of outdoor gear, I don't think any other store can compete with these guys.
5	The go-to place for your next outdoor adventure. If you are a lover of the outdoors, you'll fall in love with this place. I love REI, and since I find myself at Total Wine next door more than I care to admit, I visit REI rather frequently. Their return policy is the best of any I've ever seen. They will take ANYTHING back, regardless of condition, and replace it. That's it - no questions asked. If you join their club, you will earn member dividends on all of your purchases. When you're regularly buying sunglasses, camping equipment, shoes, bikes and bike accessories, ski equipment and clothing as I am, these dividends add up! You also receive great discounts several times a year (25 %off) and entrance into their garage sales with amazingly low prices on all the things people returned throughout the year. Also, I order what I want online and they'll email you when your order is filled and ready to be picked up at the store. It's very convenient when items that are on sale are sold out. The sales associates are very knowledgeable and will spend time with you ensuring you are picking out proper gear. They are all avid outdoorsmen and know the products they are selling. Can you tell I love this place?
4	In my opinion, one of the best sporting goods stores around.  The have a very large selection in most departments I regularly shop in (camping, and shoe) and you can get really good deals during their sales.  The staff seems very knowledgeable and friendly.  The only downside is the lack of staff sometimes. I went in to purchase two bicycles and it took nearly 20 min to get anyone to help me.  If there was more staff on hand they would have earned the 5th star for sure.
4	Camping gear and outdoor stuff, this place has it all.  If you are into outdoor stuff, this place has a good selection.  Now if you buy this kind of gear all the time, it might be a good place to stay loyal too.  This is a co-op store, so you the consumer buy into the store and then you are entitled to benefits that come back to you through dividends. As camping gear goes, the prices are just about the same and the staff is very knowledgeable about everything.  They are very helpful and available to help out with any questions you might have and if the store doesn't have what you're looking for in stock, they will be glad to help you order it.  This is a great outdoor gear place!
4	REI is our favorite outdoors recreation store. Their prices can seem expensive at first, but you can really snag some great deals if you wait for their stuff to go on sale or check out their REI-outlet website and combine it with the occasional discount coupon. Their 100% satisfaction guarantee return policy is generous and legendary. It costs a one-time $20 fee for lifetime membership. Members typically receive ~10% dividend on non-sale purchases annually. You can also apply for their REI credit card and receive a 5% rebate on all REI purchases and 1% back on everything else with no annual fee. Perhaps their only main drawback is a somewhat limited product selection. Over the years, there have been various items that I had to purchase elsewhere because REI did not carry them. Nevertheless, we find ourselves returning again and again for our outdoor recreation needs.
5	I love this place!  Simply the best camping and outdoor store anywhere.  The only down side: its a bit pricey.  But, you get what you pay for.  They have a never ending return policy.  Wear a pair of shoes for 15 years and return them completely worn out for a full refund.  Now, only a douche bag would actually do that, but it demonstrates their commitment to customer satisfaction.  And, I really like the friendliness and knowledge of the people that work there.  Always quick to share their personal experience with the item you are considering.  One of those places where the employees seem like they would work there even without a paycheck.  This place has a cult following.  I have even begun to prefer their clothing because it is so well made.  Go check it out for yourself.  You'll have fun even if you don't buy anything (but, you probably will).
5	I love REI. I've never had a bad experience at any of their stores yet. (I've been to ones in Vegas, Phoenix, LA, San Diego) They may not have the cheapest gears, but they will have some great selection and good quality gears. I think the best part of REI is their customer service. They accomodate you well in terms of returns/exchanges. Plus if an item seems defective or is questionable, just ask, because they will either order a brand new one for you or give you a discount on the item (if you want to keep it). Almost everyone is very knowledgeable and very nice too!
3	Specifically speaking, I'm not really an outdoorsy person. My job requires that I pretty much sit in one spot for hours on end each day. With that in mind, I do make an effort to keep myself active despite this truth.Everyday, my schedule includes a 3-4 hour gym session. I enjoy running, swimming, and weight lifting. Until about five months ago, swimming was more associated with recreation in my head, and thus I never really invested to much time into it as a viable source of good exercise. Then, in a moment of clarity, I realized that it could provide many benefits to my health, as well as my fitness level in general.So, I decided to get a swim coach to help me improve my stroke, and make me ultra efficient in the water. During each of our sessions we would use numerous different pieces of equipment, from fins, to bouys, to googles, etc... Every time I went, I realized that I should probably have my own equipment, instead of borrowing her's, if I wanted to seriously get into swimming, and make the most of the time that I was not training with her. With that, I decided to go on a trek to find some swim equipment. Immediately, one question popped into my head, "where to you get swim equipment in the desert?"With a little logic, I was able to piece together the fact that swimming is in fact a sport. Being a sport, perhaps local sporting goods stores would carry the equipment I need. I started close to my house with 'Big 5 Sporting Goods', of which I was far less than impressed with. The next closest real sporting goods store to my house is REI (though it is not actually "close" by any stretch of the imagination).Upon entering, it seemed promising. They do have a very wide selection of equipment for hiking, biking, kayaking, and pretty much most other outdoors sports and activities. I thought that since you swim in more than just a pool (like Lake Mead), that there may be swim equipment here. I searched high and low, but unfortunately they have exactly zero swim related items in inventory.The moral of the story is: if you are looking for equipment for an activity that is exclusively outdoors, you will probably find something for it at REI. However if this activity, like swimming, can be enjoyed inside as well as out, you are pretty much out of luck. As a final note, the staff was nice and very helpful, after I swallowed my pride and asked for some help.
5	I 'm shocked I haven't reviewed REI yet. I go all the time and spend my cash there often. Be sure to sign up for their Co-op membership, you get money back on things you've purchased in the past plus you can return any time you've purchased there no matter how long you've had it, no questions asked for the full amount you paid. I bought a pair of Keens to do the Narrows in Zion and they blistered my feet badly, it hurt to think of putting them back on, but I held on to them for almost 2 years until I decided to return them and get my money back. They eventually sell the returned items at discounted prices at "Garage Sales' they hold every few months.They often have membership only sales and coupons also.They hold instructional classes at least once a week on topics ranging from How to use a GPS to Hiking the Grand Canyon to How to do Bike Maintenance, a lot of which are free.They have a bike and snowboard/ski maintenance department. You can also rent camping gear and snowshoes.Staff is always friendly and knowledgeable about the products they sell. The store is clean and well organized.
5	Amazing customer service. Purchased a GPS device online which after 8 months "fell apart". They gave me store credit with no questions asked. Great return policy. Get your gear here!!!
4	REI. If you like the outdoors this will be an essential part of your life. From bikes to ski equipment to tents to coffee cups and bear repellent.Great selection and friendly star. I recommend joining their co-operative. Its $20 ( for life) but the dividend you receive every spring more than compensates.I'm sure you can save a couple of bucks by buying online but for me I like to touch and feel and have immediate gratification.
4	I can NOT believe I haven't reviewed REI yet....well, at least the Boca Park REI.  I come here at least once a week and I actually BUY something each time I go and USE what I purchase!  I'm an avid hiker and hubby is an obsessed road racer so we never have to think hard about a reason to pop into REI.  I've not encountered unfriendly staff in all my many visits here; however, staff product knowledge can be a bit hit-or-miss.  But, all is said with a smile!  Selection is decent if not stellar, with prices being on the more expensive side, but happily, the return policy is second-to-none (one can bring back used gear and get refunded, no questions asked.  Of course, one must be a member to claim this benefit.).  Life membership is only $20/year and nets you a certain % back of what you spend.I always enjoy wandering around and looking at all the cool gear one can get for such complicated activities as sleeping outside on the ground, walking up a big hill, biking around town, or eating outside.  :)
4	Places like this make me want to become a camper or hiker just so I can be a member of the REI family. I like that this store has some history and that so many customers respect it.  They have a wide range of supplies that are great for sports and outdoor activities but also good for everyday life. Yes they are on the expensive side, but they stand by their products, from what I understand, so you get your money's worth.  I don't look anything like a sportsperson but I was not ignored, as I am in hoity-toity size-2 fashion stores- and even got a membership pamphlet.  I appreciated that.
4	I've been here several times but never reviewed REI.  I stopped in yesterday to get a new holder for my GPS unit.  I also wanted to look for some new hiking pants and shorts.  I found both quickly.  Service was very good.  I find REI to be pricey but I had a rebate coupon to use so that cushioned the bow.They have a very large inventory of almost everything you'd need for the outdoors.
3	Went in REI for the second time in my life ever trying to find a certain North Face jacket.  It took 3 employees circling the whole building twice to find out they don't carry it.  Helpful people, but kind of wasted my time.  Shouldn't someone working know what they carry?
4	Fantastic customer service at this location. I almost always find a great deal on some random item I needed when I casually stop in when in the area.
5	There is no other place in Vegas for all your camping/hiking/biking/climbing/outdoor/recreation needs in one place.I have bought mountain bikes, sleeping bags, hiking boots, winter gloves, kayak paddles, jackets, yoga pants, and so much more...even hiking booties for my dog, and squirt guns for my nephew!   The point here is that they have a lot of gear...a huge selection...many much mousens worth of things that you need!  And really good prices too!I am a huge fan of their membership program though.  There is a one time fee if you want to join and then every year around tax-time you get an REI credit posted to your account.  Free money to spend at REI!  That simple...a percentage of everything you spend that year!  If you don't want to join that's fine...it won;t cost you any more to shop here.The simple fact is that if you haven;t been to REI then you are not active enough...so go out and do something!...and if you need some gear to do it chances are you can find it at REI.
3	I want to preface my negative review by saying that I love REI in other cities. They usually have great service which makes up for the slightly higher cost of their items. I have no idea what's going on with this location. The last time I was at this store I had three different people asking me if I needed assistance within five minutes of my arrival. I wish I could say this was a regular occurrence but the staffing is so irregular you can have a great experience one time and a horrible one the next. Tonight I was at the store for a half hour trying to find anyone to help out on the cycling section.  Two guys were having a lovely chat with a customer at the repair desk, there only two other people on the floor, the cashiers were completely overwhelmed, it was just ridiculous. What's even sillier is that it wasn't busy by any stretch of the imagination. I finally gave up and left which apparently was the signal for one of the repair guys to casually saunter over and asked how everyone was doing. It was actually insulting. I'm really sorry I purchased a membership at this store and at this point I don't see myself returning. Looks like I'll be going to Sportsman's Warehouse for the rest of my outdoor purchases while I'm in vegas, EMS on the east coast, and Mountain Eastern Co-op in Canada.
4	The staff here is always super friendly and helpful.  I also love the REI member program and the 10% kick back at the end of the year.  The prices are a little high so I prefer to shop during sales.
5	Well, I love REI.  This store has it all.  This particular location has great service.  Every time I have had to buy gear of whatever kind I've always been helped by someone who is thoroughly informed, as well as pleasant.
4	REI is a little higher then most sport stores but I feel like I am paying for the expertise that these sales associates have.  I have never asked a question or inquired about a product where they couldn't help me.  My outdoor activity is hiking and they know their stuff when it comes to shoe and sock recommendations.  They also have some pretty sweet dog gear if your four legged friend is your hiking buddy.  If you are a frequent shopper you can join their membership program and get additional discounts.
4	This is the larger of two REIs in Vegas, so if you're looking for a bigger selection this is the one you want to go to.As I said in my other review; out-of-towners can often find great clearance deals here on warmth layers, rain jackets and coats.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 81/100I accompanied my friend here last Monday after tea when she said she needed a heart monitor for the gym. First thing I observed was the staff's great personal approach. They greeted us in and asked us if we had any questions, ultimately guiding us around to give us advice on options (for the items she and I needed) that were available. It took them barely 10 minutes to get my friend convinced to buy a heart monitor with a rubber strap and they did not leave her side until all her questions were answered. While they tended to that, I went around to ask for advice on new binoculars for when I aim to up the seriousness of my bird-watching hobby. The guy who helped me had a background in the army and shooting ranges so he was very particular with quality, handing me a Nikon zoom 8-24 x 25 pair. Then he took the time to explain the mechanics behind the binoculars and brought me to a testing area where I could zoom into a tiny picture on the wall. Those things were amazing and the price ($185) was totally worth it. REI sells high quality sporting goods from hiking backpacks to kayaks. Really, anything you ever need but expect the price ranges to be on the upper end because these gear will last you a loooong time. One of my girlfriends - an avid hiker - got a whole bunch of hiking gear here, then took a 2 year hiatus (guess work kicked in). When we got her back into it, everything seemed new and she never got sun burnt because apparently, her pants were sun-proof. Check the place out folks! You're bound to find something you'll need!
4	I adore this place, but I can't give it 5 stars just because REI is so expensive!
4	My first time at this particular REI, the layout is always pretty much the same.  The employees are about 90/10 to helpful and knowledgeable/ to collage kids working to get by and learning.  I don't have a problem with that because if they don't know they will usually find someone who does.We are members and we had a problem with a sleeping pad we bought about a year ago that started to deflate.  Well, normally you would think geesh a year and you're trying to return?!  You have to understand a sleep pad is only used a few times a year and with proper storage it should last longer then 4 or 5 uses so yes we wanted an exchange.  We are members and you have up to a year for a return with a receipt  We know we would have to pay the difference not a problem for us to have a still workable pad.  The woman at the counter was helpful and did everything as far as searching this side of the coast to find a replacement, as we said we would pay the difference for a new one because ours was discontinued but we would prefer equal to slightly higher value.  This was above her knowledge at that point so she called another girl over to help us in this area we started to hunt for a pad that was a good size and comfort in a comparable price, she knew her stuff in this area!  That truly is a reason to buy high end equipment you buy good (maybe more expensive) and you buy less often, worth the money?  What are you paying for my opinion is here you are paying for great knowledgable service from people who are going to go above and beyond to keep this kind of place open.  They also have tons of specialty gear that is pretty hard to find this quality and selection in other stores.My first time in this location and they lived up to the expectations I had from the other location, good work guys!
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 30/100Going to REI just makes me happy. I literally step one foot in this store and I can't help but smile. REI is an outdoor/sporting goods wonderland. Even if you are not an avid outdoor person, you will feel right at home. I appreciate that REI always offers a diverse selection of gear for the hardcore outdoor type, but also for those who are less adventurous. From rock climbing to biking- from camping to kayaking- from snowboarding to hiking-- REI has got you covered! They'll even help you find the perfect gear and make sure you look good doing it!  Also, if you are unhappy with an item you purchased or there is a flaw in an item --they will take it back with no hassle. I'm telling ya', this store is bananas! Good bananas.... not rotten bananas.In addition to a great selection of items in their store, they offer a wide variety of classes. Example: Do you want to learn about rock climbing? Do want to run a half marathon and are looking to join a running group? Want to learn some camping tips? There's a (free) class for that!  Just ask one of their friendly associates and they will happily tell you about their upcoming workshops!
4	I love REI & the service is always great! I have always found everything that I need when I am getting ready to hike, swim, snowboard/ski (not that I snowboard or ski - Im just preparing when I do decide to snowboard), camp, etc.  I know that they will have everything that I can possibly need. Or I would come here and give me ideas what I need to bring.  However, would I pay for them? ehhhh - most of them probably not. Maybe just a few things & when I mean a "few things" i mean just "one or two things" hahahha. There is only certain things I would buy from REI since they do have a great a policy for returns and you know their products will last for a really long time.  I was looking for a raincoat one time - OMG, $99-$150 for a raincoat I was looking at - umm i'll just walk away and get something similar online. Overall, the location of this REI is great and the workers are extremely helpful and really friendly.
4	Newly found treasure... I love the fact they have variety of yoga stuffs here and the staffs were very friendly, accomodating and knowledgeable on the products! I signed up on their REI membership and with the cool perks, i definitely will comeback!
1	Incredibly disappointed that they opted OUT of any snowboarding gear this year.
5	This is my place to get my snowboard tuned and waxed. They do a great job explaining to you what they did to your board and why they did it to improve performance. I also came here to buy a harness and shoes for rock climbing and they do spend a good amount of time finding out what type of climber you are and your level to find you the perfect gear at the best price. Great service.
4	You know what, I've never been an REI fan in the past.  While I appreciated their large selection of items, I always considered them vastly overpriced. I still do think their prices are a little (or a lot) too high, but I received such great customer service at REI this week that it softened my heart toward them a little.  I'd gone to 3 different stores looking for a disaster/emergency kit to have on hand at my job and had no luck.  I needed to get it ASAP, so I had no time to order it online. The very helpful sales rep assisted me in finding what I needed and assured me that I'd be able to return it if it didn't fit our needs, so long as the internal items were left unopened. She was just so pleasant and really went above and beyond.  I am not sure that I'll become a regular REI customer, but I'll definitely give them a smile instead of a scowl when I pass it by!
5	REI is an amazing store!  I wish more stores were run the way REI is run.  Here are some of the highlights:1. The store is beautiful and always spotless.  No matter what department you are in, the displays are always stocked and well organized, so you can find whatever you are looking for.  If you do need some help, an employee is never more than a few feet away to help you.  In fact, you will probably walk out with extra stuff that you found and just had to have because it was so cool!2. The quality of the items they sell.  REI only sells the cream of the crop merchandise.  You know you are getting great stuff, be it clothing, sleeping bags, binoculars, or whatever it is you are getting.  In fact REI guarantees everything they sell and will accept anything you return, even if is damaged.  We have bought all sorts of stuff from here and we have never had a problem with anything.  In fact, most of our stuff is still like new, even after a lot of use.  Yes, a lot of stuff is expensive, but you will only have to buy it once, so its totally worth it!3. The staff.  The staff here are the bee's knees!  Everyone is super helpful and happy, no matter what time of day you go.  Everyone is super knowledgeable and can really give you some good tips to make sure you get what you will need. I have never gotten less than 100% from any employee I have encountered here.  What a nice change from some other places!4. The membership club.  REI offers a membership club that actually makes you a part owner in the store.  For a $20 fee, you are a member for life! You get a dividend each year from a portion of the store's profits. On average, it is about 10% of your total purchases of the previous year.  Not too shabby! The membership also gets you discounts and coupons that they send to you pretty regularly.  Not too shabby!So if you need any sporting, hiking, camping, or survival stuff, check out REI and I am sure you will be happy!
2	No fire arms or ammo.   Very limited selection of shoes.... most importantly... no plus size bicycling pants or workout wear of any kind.  It's kind of sad that I'm pretty active and yet never lose weight so am perpetually at the gym, on the bike, weight training, etc and can't find clothes to wear.My queendom for a pair of gel padded bike pants that fit and LOOSE yoga pants AND running shoes for both pronation and high arch with wide toe box.I did get a tip from another shopper on where to find ammo but that's about all I got.
4	I purchased a road bike from the rei outlet online and the site said that the store would give me a ring when the bike is ready.  And sure enough they gave me a call to let me know it was ready.  I was very excited so I rushed to the store the very next day.  Went straight to the bike department and was greeted by a very nice dude with a hipster mustache.  He was extremely helpful and basically talked me through what accessories such as spare tubes and all that good stuff.  This was great because I haven't mounted a bike in like 12 years so I needed a refresher course!Pros:- very nice crew there- quality productsCons:- although ultimately doesn't matter, but there were like 3 guys in there with hipster mustaches whats up with that lol!
4	I love this store, If you can't love REI you must love your cubicle desk job.  Im not much for cold weather sports, Ive shopped here for camping gear, bike stuff, clothes, shoes, foam rollers, and just all around cool stuff.  I think the prices are reasonable, especially for more of investment purchases like bikes.  The staff is always super cool, and knows what they're talking about, but not elitists like some staff of smaller specialty shops.  The company itself if great, I think for 10 or 20 bucks you can sign up for their program where you get 10% of everything you spend there back at the end of the year!
4	I came too REI after calling the store looking for Garmin Triathlon bundle. The salesperson looked into the stock and told me had four of them in stock. Unfortunately when I did arrive there was mistake on the computer or glitch really had none of them in stock. =( As always no matter the store REI customer service is always five stars. I had numerous employees asked me if needed help the whole time shopping and once the employee looking for he Garmin realize out apologize. If they out of stock they more then happy too call the other REI store here in Vegas see if they have it in stock. Or if all fails always go too the website and depending on the item usually ships for free. REI it has nice variety of outdoor products from hiking, camping, too the main reason come too the store for triathlon needs and easily best section comes too energy products. GU, Honey Stingers, and list goes on and on. I like the fact very organized and they have ALL the flavors for the most part. The prices depends some things are pricey and other things not so bad. If you sign up for the yearly membership they have random annual sales that cane find steal of deals and end of the year get money back depends on the amount of money you spend. Also need too spend $12 too maintain the lifetime membership each year. They carry mostly top end brands always good thing if looking for quality. If looking for anything outdoor needs REI is the only place you need too shop at.
4	All I needed was a got dang CR 1632 battery for my Polar FT4. I went to Target and they had every battery except the one I needed. I certainly found it here!Upon walking into this awesome store you are greeted, I asked where the battery area is and she took me straight there! Score! It was very nice of her since I have never been to this store, so I didn't have to get lost. There it was, the battery of my dreams!I farted around the store for a little to check out other areas. It was nice to be asked by various associates if I was ok and if I needed help finding anything. Super refreshing.Check out was pretty easy, although the stanchion thing is confusing bc there isn't any real signage on where to stand so I just followed suit.Cashiers were super friendly and outgoing, which is a great thing!!Yay!
5	Ran into REI with my baby. They had what she needed. Air Conditioning was pumping, reasonable prices, great customer service and the best selection in town. This is the best store in town.
5	Visited REI today looking for Eagle Creek luggage packing cubes and packing folder.This packing folder is the slickest thing ever for dress shirts and slacks for minimal wrinkle packing. The REI workers were more the helpful, I had questions regarding a Eagle creek luggage carry-on 22" roller bag which I ended up buying for my new travel job. I highly recommend the store!
5	I came in here for a quick stop to get a water bottle and to look for the Amphipod running waist pack. I got really good service, and I didn't have to look too far to get it. They even knew exactly what I was looking for and lead me directly to it, instead of just pointing me that way. The atmosphere is really great and the people are very, very friendly.I think their prices are a little more expensive than online competitors. But, if you have the REI membership ($20 for lifetime membership), it MAY pay off in the end. The place is very clean and organized. The store is big and they have a lot of stuff, which I like, because then you have options.I did purchase a water bottle, but they didn't have the Amphipod running waist pack in any other color except black and it was more expensive in store. I totally would come here again though!
2	If you're a hipster with a Swiss Army knife keychain, a Northface tee, and a stand-up paddle boarding habit, this may be your favorite store. However, for those of us who merely entertain a seasonal interest in the outdoors, this place wasn't up to par.Considering the price point and specialized nature of the products in this store, I expected more in the way of customer service. As in I expected to get some in general but received none. I love combining hiking with water, and was looking into whether it would be worth it to buy my own kayak.Hung around the kayak section for nearly a half-hour, checked out prices, looked at straps to transport it, but was never asked if I needed help or had any questions. Kayaks, for those of us who didn't know, are generally about $400 here while stand-up paddleboards will apparently run you into the quadruple digits. Again, with prices like that, I shouldn't have to wonder if I can transport such a purchase on my own car, someone should have that info and be interested in sharing it with me.Did my own research here, and I'll likely continue to rent as needed rather than purchase, but even if I changed my mind I wouldn't be inclined to bring my business here.
5	Super helpful and friendly staff. Every corner we turned a staff member was eager to assist. You Can rent equipment from this store. Randomly walked into a super awesome clearance where members who spent $100 got a $20 giftcard to spend later in the store...membership has already paid for itself!
5	They have complete outdoor gear that you may need for hiking biking etc.. The sales staff are very friendly and knowledgeable and would give you tips on what you personally need. It's my first time to buy a hiking shoes and the bag with a bladder! Lol! I got a perfect fitting shoes I wore it the next day and I was so happy with my choice and the staff's recommendations!! I'll be definitely coming back here to get more gears. We also get membership so we can get 10% refund of whatever e bought for the whole year!!
4	This store is a haven for many outdoor enthusiasts to purchase equipment or to simply kill some time. The company offers great return policies and nearly guarantees 100% satisfaction or your money back! The staff are very knowledgeable about equipment as well as any questions on any local hikes in the Vegas valley. I highly suggest becoming a lifetime member for a mere 20 dollars which offers a 10% annual cash back, invitations or discounts to special events and classes, equipment rentals, and information for upcoming sales just to name a few.My only dissatisfaction with this place is that it is super pricey than most other stores. However as a member you get access to their used inventory sales where lightly used and returned equipment are sold for cheap.
5	I have been to several Rei's, and the staff at this location are top notch.  The managers always remember who I am, and are very knowledgeable. I have been a member of Rei for years and it is worth it.
2	Meh. The positives of this review are limited: every employee I came into contact with was friendly and helpful, and the selection of items like carabineers, outdoor gear, and survival tools is better than average. And so ends the positives of this review. The reality:) Men's apparel sizes are limited to S, M, L, and maybe once in a while XL. I require XXL, and I found two items of apparel that actually fit me: 1) a stupid madras-flannel made in India button down shirt that looked hideous 2) a pullover sweatshirt that was almost too small for being an XXL. Cargo pants were idiotic in their manufacture, resembling lingerie in texture as the material used was almost nylon-tent instead of cotton, and with virtually no breathing room in the crotch and skin-tight calves. Again, mostly sizes for young boys, not real men. Prices were outrageously high, even for the simplest t-shirts (of which there were no t-shirts in my size).) A $20 loyalty card program where you pay $20 and get $20 off your purchase and probably discounts thereafter. Really? Yeah, um, for me not so much.) This store is conveniently located next to parking and restaurants but nowhere near tourist-populated areas. So, if you are local, have a  (lot) of money to spend and don't need anything above a Large and have a waist size under 32, you'll really enjoy shopping here! Fail.
5	Great service with a concerned, knowledgeable and caring staff. I love shopping at REI
5	This is an awesome REI! My husband and I stopped in to look at shoes for him, and to ask about their garage sales, which we've heard a lot about. (All REI's have a few "garage sales" a year, which is open to REI members - they sell the merchandise that's been used and returned at spectacular deals.)The guy working in shoes (super nice, can't remember his name, but was working on 12/27 around 6 pm) was more than helpful and recommended a few different minimalist shoes for my husband, and gave us a little more insight into the garage sales. He got my husband a few different shoes to make sure we knew the right size to look for during the garage sale. We felt like he was more focused on my husband's needs, rather than just trying to make the sale and get our money. That's a great feeling and for that, we will absolutely be back!We ended up buying a membership for $20 so my husband could go to the garage sale coming up next Sunday. Everyone working had good advice for us regarding what time to get there to make sure he gets a good place in line. He's really looking forward to coming back on Sunday, and now since we have this lifetime membership, I'm sure REI will be seeing a lot more of us.
