4	This Pita Jungle is close to my house, and I am very happy!  No more long drives to the east valley for my fix of cilantro jalapeno hummus.  The Glendale location is good sized and comfortable.  It doesn't have that artsy/indie feel of the Tempe location, but as long as my hummus tastes good I don't care.  Cilantro jalapeno hummus was excellent.  The Honey Pasta salad was the best I've ever had it.  My only concern was the service.  There seemed to be a lot of standing around, and it took my server a while to notice I was sitting there even though they weren't that busy when I got there.  She finally saw that I was not being helped and came over with an "oh crap I totally ignored this customer" look. Oh well as long as the hummus is good.  I'm happy!
5	So I was starting to feel like I was the last person on the planet to try Pita Jungle and the waalaaa! One pops up conveniently in Glendale. Since the opening I have been there twice and impressed both times. The first time I had the shwarma wrap- HUGE! I couldn't even eat half that sucker and I'm a big girl. The next time I went I had the chicken Philly pita and it was divine. The portions are huge and the hummus is delicious. We had no problems with service, everyone seemed to be on their toes.We will definitely be going back...in fact Pita Jungle has moved into the "craving" category.
5	LOVE it and so close to home!  Since Pita Jungle open in Glendale I have been at least once a week (Yes, really!)  The hummus and garlic dip are to die for and on my last trip I tried a Greek Pita-Oh my!  The fruit on the Caribbean salad and the fruit and cheese plate are amazing and the chicken combo plate is so large it's two meals!The ambiance is slightly different than the other locations but I think that is mostly due to the fact that two sides of the restaurant are glass.  Pita Jungle Glendale still features a revolving collection of art work and you can see the funky style of the other locations in the hand painted chairs and the cool artwork painted in the bathrooms.  The staff is also  extremely friendly.
3	Beep, beep, beep.   No that sound isn't coming from a big truck backing up, it's from the wheelbarrow that they use to bring your food out on.  I swear, my portion was stupidly huge.  I had the Medchilada, ---Grilled chicken and mixed beans in lavosh bread, topped with cheddar and wood-fired. Served with brown rice, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, pico de gallo and sour cream.   It was hanging over the sides of the platter and easily was over 5000 calories and I couldn't eat a quarter of it.I looked over at the diner next to me and saw the largest fruit salad ever created.  IMHO, it should have been served in a bucket.  I'm guessing there were 4 bananas, 2 pints of strawberries, 1 bunch of grapes and a full melon in it. I really like the food at all the Pita Jungles, but damn some of their portions are way out of line.
5	Can't get enough of this place. I have yet to have a bad experience or food that isn't absolutely perfect. One of my favorite places for lunch.
4	How can I tell I am enjoying myself? When an avid carnivore such as myself comes out happy after  picking on the  beans and vegetables on this planet. The portions , for such a thin clientele, are large.  Someone mentioned the attractiveness of the staff and that would be a fair statement. ( Then again anyone with purple anything and Flogging Molly shirt had me at hello to begin with:)  Quick service, drinks filled quickly.   I had the black bean burger   with roasted red bell pepper, mixed greens, tomatoes, cucumbers and onions on a 12-grain bread, served with blue corn chips, pico de gallo and garlic new potatoes.    Really good bread, didn't get soggy or fall to bits prior to finishing it off and the price was  close to  what you end up paying subway for their " high end" sandwiches The appetizer  isn't really rated since  dolmas  have such a wide range of  ingredients , like pakora,  you often don't know what you're going to get. It's not that these are bad, they just have  a consistency that's  too close to a couple of foods I really hate.   The tsatziki and pita though I can happily recommend  as being really good for the former and good enough on the latter. Decor,  great apart from the ceiling which would appear to be the surplus left over from the diners.  It's just odd to have such a well put together floor and sides , add in a great big mirror above a waiting area with fireplace and then reflect this gaudy embossed carbunkle back at us as if we hadn't had enough:). ( didnt' affect rating but I'm convinced it's not helping the relative noise level of the place at  lunch time)
2	I had heard nothing but great things about Pita Jungle, so I was excited when one opened by me.  Maybe I'm spoiled because my boyfriend is middle-eastern and his family loves to cook, but I really don't think my expectations were THAT high. I just felt very much that this place was all about the "trend" and very little about the "food."  Hummus was decent, although we had to ask for olive oil. That should come standard.  And, the oil we were given was in an oil and vinegar tote clearly for salad dressing.   The absolute worst part of the whole experience for me was that we got one pita each for the hummus.  This plate of hummus was quite large, so you definitely needed more that one piece each.  Well, you gotta pay for more pita.  I know it's 50 cents or whatever, but it really aggrivated me.... I ordered the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken Pita.  It just wasn't good. The chicken was tender, but the mix of ingredients just wasn't flavorful.   And, I think they just smothered the whole thing in tahini thinking that would make it taste good.  My boyfriend had a gyro - the meat looked like it was frozen and re-heated.  Gross. Good news is that they have Stella on tap.  But, I can get Stella anywhere...  I doubt I'll be returning to Pita Jungle.  I'd rather go to one of the many gyro shops around town that get waaay closer to authentic that this.   It's probably a great choice for vegetarians - I think back to when I was one and I think this place might have been a find based on everything else I saw on the menu.
4	Generous, tasty portions of rather healthy cuisine are just what this part of the Valley needs.  A nice assortment of hummus flavors are available (cilantro is a real treat), along with numerous Mediterranean favorites.  I'm rather simple so I went for the falafel and it didn't disappoint.  Nachos and other entrees go a little too far on the bean count, but otherwise everything is quite good.Clean, luminous contemporary feel to the atmosphere.  Parking and wait times have never been a problem for me.
3	I am sitting here working through the remains of last nights dinner.  Granted I cannot eat like the healthy 20 something I once was but I do not eat like a bird either.  I had the small garlic hummus plate and chicken tiki marsala ($15 w/tax).  With the addition of an extra slice of pita bread this was definitely a meal for two.  Looking around me just about every one was taking a healthy serving of their meal home. As far as taste and preparation go there was nothing great or lacking.Thomas, my cat, has just confirmed the chicken was good.  :-)When I was still out in the parking lot the hostess was holding the door open for me.  With empty store fronts all around it was pretty obvious where I was headed.  Waitress got to me after I just had time to decide what I wanted (about 3 minutes).  I ordered water to drink and gave her my dinner order at the same time.  She asked if I would like my hummus up first or with dinner (first).  Off she went, turned in my order, got my water ( I noticed they used the filtered water from the soda dispenser), then brought my hummus and pita.  I had maybe 3 bites when my entree showed up from another server.  My waitress came by and made a bit of apology for the short time delay, not sure whether I would have been happier with a longer time delay if it ended up under a heat lamp and I don't see out of my left eye so I couldn't tell what was happening in the kitchen.This was about 6:30 on a Wednesday evening.  I would say the restaurant was about 20% full.  They were on the verge of too much staff.  Everybody was friendly and smiling.  All in all a pleasant place to dine.  The people I saw picking up take out seemed to be happy with their orders and were repeat customers.As a final note it is a good thing babies bounce well.  Two tables over a toddler climbed up the back of a chair and over it went right into the aisle.  Other than a bit of pride and a bloody nose the child was fine and really didn't cry nearly as much as some kids do for no reason.
3	Pretty tasty, HUGE portions. Boyfriend and I split a Lavosh Pita Crisp for an app, and I had the chicken combo platter, the boy had some special with "sun pita chips"? or something along those lines. We both had tons of food arrive and we both ended up taking food home (including our leftovers from the appetizer)The wait staff was really nice, the hostess opened the door for us and sat us promptly. I would go back. :)
4	I was a little skeptical going to this place because it seemed....well a little too healthy for me. i was surprised to find that the food was very rich and full of flavor with heaping portions.The restaurant has a great new-age southwestern feel to it that the ladies at the table seemed to love. I thought it was a nice relaxing environment, which was nice.The waitress that we had was awesome. She had good recommendations and remembered all of our meals by memory. She swung by or table just the right amount of times. I had no idea what the food was but she was willing to explain everything to me.The food was different. I had never really tried this kind of food before. It had awesome flavor and the portions were large like everyone else has been saying. The only reason that I did not give them a perfect score was that we had to wait a good 20 - 30 minutes when the place was not very full and the food just was not my favorite. I believe that it was good for what it was.
5	Good god I love Pita Jungle. Go there, eat, drink, be happy. The food is varied & fantastic, the service is good, the place is interesting.
5	The best vegetarian Greek/ Mediterranean ever!!!!!! its too bad i live in San Diego i crave Pita jungle almost all the time , They have a greatttttt!!! Cilantro hommos!! its like i died and went to heaven.  i definitely cant wait to see my sisters in AZ because all we are going to do is go to Pita jungle every fucking day!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMFGG!!!!!
4	I was so happy no longer needing to drive to Tempe for the great food here! The hummus is amazing...which one you ask well all of it. Try the sampler plate trust me its amazing.
4	Their food is healthy and reasonably priced. I usually get a gyro and a hummus and pita plate when I go. Its delicious and has a chill atmosphere!
4	This is my favorite Pita Jungle location. It's never too busy and the service is always good. Pita Jungle has the best hummus in town! I can come here to eat veggies and hummus and leave a happy camper. My only complaint is that the pita bread here is way too chewy. I think if you name your restaurant Pita Jungle you should have decent pita bread. Just my opinion.
4	I got dinner here last night with my buddy from the area, who apparently takes everyone from out of town here.I found it  funny how the sign outside flickered, enticing me in. She insisted that the falafel was the staple and I ordered a side of their garlic sauce. It was very very good, but for a 6' 2" , 200 pounder, that didn't hit the spot. I ordered this chicken shawarma too. This was very good, and that had me satisfied. I thought there was wayy too much romaine lettuce ( not native to a shawarma or a falafel sandwich). But other than that the food was interesting, and I just felt good eating it. She got the honey pasta, which was a little sweet for my liking, with chunky cuts of veggies.The servers are dressed in casuals, and you wouldn't know they were a server, until they asked you what you wanted to drink. A very interesting atmosphere with good good food. A must stop by for lunch atleast.
3	On a street full of chains and fast foods, Pita Jungle brings a breath of fresh air that is the redundancy of Bell Ave.Unfortunately, my expectations were too high upon my visit the other night. Had been looking forward to the cilantro jalepeno hummus, and was fairly disappointed. 5 bucks for a small dip is quite steep for something that tastes exactly like Trader Joe's jalapeno hummus dip ($2 and AMAZING!) My falafels tasted too burnt / salty and there was hardly any tzaziki, or any other sauce for that matter to compliment the pita. Lots of other items to try on the menu that looked appetizing and will be on my hit list, but as for now, I think I'll pass on the falafels and will purchase my own delicious hummus right down the block at the local TJ's...
4	We met a friend here on a recent Saturday for lunch.  I was surprised how busy it was, since last time I was there, it wasn't quite a ghost town, but close.  Anywho, we had to wait about 10 minutes or so for our table to be prepared (party of 7), but it wasn't a big deal since we were a little bit early.  We got seated and after chatting for a bit, placed our orders.  I don't remember what everyone else got, but I got a gyro.  I do remember that my wife's food did not get brought out in a timely manner.  Either they forgot to make it, or mistakenly gave it to another table.  As a result, my gyro was less than hot, because we all waited until she had her food.  Another weird thing...I figured the gyro would come with a salad or rice or something on the side...it was just straight gyro.  But, it was still quite delicious.  And other than that snafu, the service was good.  I would return to Pita Jungle.  Thought about three stars b/c of the food delay, but both times I've been the food has been quite good, and my food this time still had good flavor.  More like 3.75 rounded up to 4.
5	Pita Jungle is one of my all time favourites. We loooove going to this one in particular. The service is wonderful, all the waiters are extremely down to earth, smile, and make you feel like they're your friends instead of just bringing to you what you pay for.Their prices can be somewhat spendy, nevertheless, I must say that if the food and service is outstanding as it is here, I don't mind paying whatever the ticket is.  Very good environment for friend gatherings, families and dates. In fact, we had our first date here :). Love it.Love their Pistacho covered Tuna salad, and their BBQ Glazed Chicken Pizza among others. Highly Recommended.
5	I mean lets be honest- it's all chain food out on this side of town.  For me, I really enjoy the different style of food and the overall feel of Pita Jungle.I've been a few times now, and the only complaint I have is that I'm always torn between menu items, and that if you order too much food- they won't warn you about it, but will be happy to provide leftover containers.I've had the nachos, the salmon, the philly steak gyro, black bean burger, the grilled chicken hummus, and the medchilada.   I'm looking forward to trying new stuff on the menu every time.Portion sizes are absurdly large for the price.   Compared to how much it costs to get similar portion sizes at other relatively hip establishments, I think Pita Jungle is a bargain.The other thing I really like about the place is that it stays open relatively late- with a lot of places closing early over here I really enjoy being able to roll in at 915pm and not feel rushed.  Glad to break away from the larger and way less healthy chain places and grab some fresh tasting food at pita jungle any day of the week.if you go with one other person, I'd think that one appetizer and one hot pita each or an entree is more than enough for a healthy sized portion without needing a wheelbarrow to get back to your car.
3	Went there on Friday for lunch. The place was packed. And noisy.Stepped in and a young girl with shorts and flimsy t-shirt asked me "how many"? I was shocked to find she worked here. I would be ashamed to go out in public dressed like that. Sat at the bar since it was so crowded. Service there was good. Wait staff coming through was attractive and dressed nice. Good selection of beverages at the bar. I ordered the Honey Chicken Pizza, it was pretty good. Not over flavorful but decent. It was cut into 8 pieces and I could only manage to get 3 of them down, and brought the rest home. I would go back again. They must do something about the acoustics there though.
3	I've eaten at this Pita Jungle many times and never seemed to be completely satisfied.  The food is ok and there are so many other choices for Greek food that serve a better appetizing meal.I'm confused about what the management's idea of having the front of the house staff wear just about anything they choose.  I like the idea of trying to be urban, hip, and trendy, but not sold on the abercrombie/skater look as a substitute.  Honestly most of the attire I've seen here seems to be more like what a young teenage slob would choose.Otherwise this place isn't a horrible place to eat at.  Food is decent to good at best, decor is pretty cool, portions are large, and prices are about average.  For a chain this is a little better than most and the concept helps it stand out from others as well.I'll be back, but I know I won't fall in love with Pita Jungle.
4	This weekend the wife and I decided to try out this Pita Jungle location. We'd eaten at the one in Tempe with friends, but this one is much closer to home.First off, the food we ate was excellent.  We ordered essentially the same thing as we did at the Tempe Pita Jungle: Chicken Hummus.  This is grilled chicken piled atop of 3 different types of hummus.  This time we went with the Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus, Roasted Bell Pepper Hummus, and the Garlic Dip. I love the Cilantro Jalapeno, my wife was a fan of the Roast Bell Pepper, and we both really like the Garlic Dip.  Two pieces of Pita Bread apiece dipped in this delicious hummus was more than enough to fill us up. We even had plenty of leftovers.I know they have other tasty stuff on the menu and I'd really like to try them, but this one dish is so good I'd be going back to Pita Jungle if that was the only thing on the menu.My one complaint about this place is that the acoustics are terrible.  The restaurant was a little over half full and we could barely hear our waitress. Although, if she just would have spoken up it may have been less of an issue.  She did make up for it, though, by offering us our drinks in to go cups when we were getting ready to leave and came back with giant cups of tea (If you're looking for a tasty drink, try their green tea.)Pita Jungle is definitely a place I recommend eating, and I'm sure we'll be back sooner than later.
5	i have always enjoyed pita jungle.  i love that the product is about as consistent as it gets in all of the locations i've been to.  However their portions have always been too big for me to take little-man unless we share something and honestly, i don't feel like shelling out $8 for him to have his own entree unless i decide it's leftover-worthy.   but now they have a kids menu and it's FANTASTIC!  it has become one of his favorite spots.  the only downside is that if you go when they are really busy it can be a bit loud and hard to hear, but i'm here for the food.
4	This is one of my nephew's favorite places to eat! They have tasty, fresh items and offer veggie friendly choices as well.The hummus is great! The nachos are plentiful! My veggie wrap came out too hot to touch, but after it cooled I enjoyed it.It is a large open space and it makes visiting difficult because it's pretty noisy. Overall, enjoyable and fresh!
4	This place was a real find for us!  If you like Mediterranean food, excellent service and a varied menu, this is the place for you too. I never even liked hummus until I tried their's, try the cilantro/jalapeno, and their fruit/cheese plates are fresh and plentiful!   I've had better gyro's, but I'm really a fan of this place.  Great for lunch or dinner, prices are in line with any other sit down restaurant.
5	This place is Good.  The food looks and tastes very fresh.  I don't think I've ever been to a Mediterranean restaurant that was extremely clean and modern.  The service was very good and the food was extremely good.  I don't live in Arizona but if I am ever within an hour of one I will make my way to it.  Pita Jungle people, please open one in So Cal.
5	Great food.  Very unique atmosphere for a Mediterranean restaurant.  Will defenatly stop by again when in the area.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. The food is only alright. I have never been completely sold on any meals I have ordered there. The portions are so big that it is no wonder Americans are fat. My favorite part of their menu is their organic beer selection. I love Eel River Brewing Company's Amber Ale and Extra Pale Ale. The restaurant is set up in a crammed fashion. The location in Downtown Phoenix was more inviting and comfortable. With that said, the worst part of this place is how unprofessional the staff is. Their manager either has no restaurant experience or is a slob, because the employees are allowed to wear regular street attire. The dress code makes it very difficult to distinguish between who works there and who is just a young customer. HINT: the employees look like they got done working a shift at Zumiez before they showed for work at Pita Jungle. Once you figure out  who does and doesn't work there, it is easy to realize that the place is always over staffed (once again, does the manager have no restaurant experience?). In all, I will continue going to Pita Jungle in search of complete satisfaction. And if that does not happen, at least I will have a good beer to drink.
5	I love everything about Pita Jungle.  They have huge portions, a big menu, and delicious fresh food.  I've been a loyal Pita Jungle junkie for a while now and I have never once left being unsatisfied.  I can't say what is my favorite dish [they're all delicious!] but I will say that they have a Raspberry Mango Cheesecake and the Glazed-Chicken Lavosh Pizza are amazing.  You need to try it!The atmosphere of this place during the nighttime is great for a date, the staff is super friendly, and everything about this place screams ARTSY! Great ambience and good food... love this place!
4	Loving Hut was closed tonight (Sunday) and so I opted for this new spot on my radar. Let me just start by saying what a beautiful restaurant.  Pretty decor accompanied by a pretty and attentive staff.  Started the night off with the Hummus and Taboule served with pita as an appetizer, it was me and two other guests so the waitress was nice enough to add two more pitas for each of us.  The hummus trio was DELICIOUS, spicy, pungent, and the taboule the perfect accoutrement.  The dish came out before we were even done with figuring out what we wanted for our entree.  Excellent service!  Not to mention the plate was hearty enough to feed a starving commune in Africa.I ordered the falafel pita and my guests had the Mediterranean chicken pita and the other had the Greek salad (she's not the one to take out to dinner) haha i was so mad i was like whatt??? you ordered the salad??  but i guess you could blame it on the waiter kind of rushing the order (it was sunday night at 8:00 with not much other people in the restaurant so i could see why he would want us out quick.)  Before we were even half finished with our hummus appetizer our entrees were on the table.  My falafel was a little crunchy and felt like it should have been more fresh, kind of made me wonder how it came out so quick, they probably had pre-made falafel on the side and just threw it in.  but i still love falafels and this had some serious spice and flavor, i couldn't complain.After reading reviews on here I told the waiter to order my guest the mango raspberry cheesecake and she was in love!!  The waiter brought out some boxes for our unfinished plates and we happily obliged.  He then brought some extra pitas wrapped up after i already paid for the bill which i thought was awesome!  I was checking out their happy hour specials and they looked very appealing, $1 to $3 Tapas with $3 imports after 9 sounded like a plan to me.  Definitely coming back here!!
4	My husband and I have been going to Pita jungle for a couple of years now and its one of our favorite dinner spots.  The decor is cool with local art on the walls that is always changing.  The staff is always friendly and upbeat.  The have a pretty good wine list and fresh healthy really good food.  Best hummas ever and the greek salad is super yummy.
5	Hey vegans, they've got a menu guide just for you (ask for it), showing exactly what dishes are vegan and which are not. They'll also happily substitute ingredients in and out of any dish to make them vegan for you. I recommend: the potato garlic dip, the hummus (get the regular pitas, the greek ones have dairy in them), thousand beans, the macro platter and there are a few more good ones as well.
5	Let me just start by saying that I don't like this place, I Looooove it! Ahhh Pita Jungle were have you been all my life?! I had heard about this place for years and never went for two reasons.1. The closest one was in Tempe at the time and I lived in N.Peoria2. My husband(you know who you are) wouldn't take me because he didn't like it. Booo!Anyway, they finally opened one up in Glendale! So hear I am in Pita heaven. I've been a big fan of hummus, but until I tried the cilantro jalapeno hummus here, I had no idea! I could easily lick the plate and if I didn't have to share, I totally would! The pesto, spinach and tomato pizza is amazing and the Shwarma is equally delicious! I just recently made a visit and tried the veggie burger, more like a sandwich only because they serve it on whole wheat slices of sandwich bread. My friend took a look at my plate and gave the look as if to say " I could have made this at home." I took a great big bite outta that sad homemade looking thing and didn't stop til she had another look on her face like "Where the hell did your food go?" The patty was full of chunky vegetables and came with a spread(forgot to ask what it was) that complimented the sandwich quit well. I have also had the Thousand Bean burrito and it is the only thing that I would not recommend. If your hungry and you love beans, go for it! It's a large portion, they should call it the 7000 bean burrito! I am not that person. The End
4	I never have a bad meal at Pita Jungle. While I go to the one at Desert Ridge and the original in Tempe, the Arrowhead location is the one I most frequent. The servers are always very nice and attentive. I usually get the Macro plate or the spicy chicken pita. A side of garlic potatoes is my usual side. The hummus is great, though, I think True Food does their hummus better. The decaf berry tea is yummy and hits the spot. But the thing I really love and just discovered is the kid's menu. If you want your kid to eat healthy, this is the meal to get and they will eat it. I select one protien (chicken, legumes, garden burger, etc) a Green (carrots, broccoli, spinach, ect) and a Carb (12 grain bread, mac/cheese, pita.) Its $4.99 and served on a tray with four compartments (the fourth holds a little fruit medley.) I can go there and have a healthy, delicious meal and also feed my one-year old something other than grilled cheese or hot dog. Someday, I need to try the Caribbean Salad. It looks delish. I love fruit and coconut. I will keep going back and so glad they have locations around the Valley.
3	Oh I wish I could give half stars. This is a solid 3-1/2 star restaurant with interesting menu options and decent service. I have enjoyed all of the menu items that I have sampled. The spicy garlic humus is the bomb and the item I have had most often. With each visit the service I have received has been consistent.
4	Same tasty food, but SO much less pretentious than the Arcadia Pita Jungle.  This location seems to be staffed by happy, young hipsters that do not ooze judgement when you order a dish containing meat or when they see you roll up in anything but a Prius.Even at this welcoming location, there are still some things that make things less-than-perfect.I love Pita Jungle's hummus but always have to order extra pita to go with it (really, just one measly piece?).  I'm guessing that's the case for most people, unless they're eating the remaining hummus with a spoon.  Why so stingy?  After all, "pita" is in your name, shouldn't it be a'plenty?Another thing that vexes me is that they haven't jumped on the glass bottle, cane sugar soda train.  If they have a fountain, there must be call for soda in general, so why not align it with the rest of your menu and make it a little more natural (or as natural as soda can get)?
4	My friends and I had a great lunch here today. Love the decor! I would have walked out of there with one of the chairs if it weren't a crime in 46 states.  But restaurants should be judged on their food, not their completely awesome seating, so, here goes!I had the broiled chicken salad, vinaigrette on the side. Yum!  Probably could have had more creative vegetables in the salad, I'm just saying, but it was delicious and I enjoyed it. My friends both ordered beef gyros, and loved how flavorful they were. Yay!The service was fast and friendly, and they were even able to wrangle Thing 1 and Thing 2 sitting at the table next to us, bringing them food quickly and cleaning up their mess upon leaving. Great job!Parking was not cool, but that was only due to the lot being resurfaced. Like this location better than the Arcadia one. Good work team!
4	The other day I was discussing options for lunch with a colleague near the Glendale Mall and with loads of places to choose from we narrowed our search down to somewhere that serves fresh ingredients with a Mediterranean or Greek flair ~ Pita Jungle seemed to be our best option!  This Pita Jungle is ALWAYS busy and there is a reason why.  They serve delicious food and give fantastic service! We like their Roasted Bell Pepper Hummus ~ Chickpea puree with roasted red bell peppers and their tahini sauce with fresh garlic and lemon juice.   We also like their (ever so becoming famous) Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus ~ Chickpea puree with cilantro, jalapeno and their tahini saucem with fresh garlic and lemon juice and topped with a little pico de gallo.  We will almost always order either Hummus and pitas extra to go for munchies later or the next day.  This is a must do from me to you!! You won't regret it.They have very good salads especially their Mediterranean Chicken with grilled chicken, lettuce, veggies, roasted bell peppers, etc with feta cheese and pine nuts. Yum! We also like their Carribean salad which is basically a fruit salad with pineapples, oranges, grapefruit, apples, strawberrys, watermelon etc on top of some mixed greens, topped with shredded coconut, raisins and a strawberry vinaigrette. Something really fresh and doesn't way you down afterwards. Of course they have Pita's beef, chicken, steak and tuna ~ what no lamb? They also offer Wood Fired Pizza's, burgers and Combo Platters with fresh Mediterranean dishes served with fish, chicken and beef, etc. They have many menu options to choose from, so have fun ordering and sample everything! They are a very consistent 3+ to 4 star rating, although with some minor changes to their menu to include lamb and a few other more popular Mediterranean dishes they could easily go to a 4+ to 5 star rating.  I hope to see you there on my next visit!
3	Last place I'm going to try in Glendale,AZ before I leave in 3 hours =[Well so I came here for lunch...before taking off for an 6 hours drive back to Costa Mesa...The menu featured many foods that didn't sound very Mediterranean to me so I decided to be adventurous and try the Mediterranean Plate....which i have no idea what half the stuff are for $10 ...well it was a really big plate with green beans, hummus, two other types of hummus-like sauce, some kind of rice wrapped in leaves, fried veggie cake of some sort and a whole lot of chopped cilantro and parley and tomatoes mix served with two pita bread. I took a look at it and didn't even know where to start...i didn't exactly eat it the right way...you were suppose to put everything onto the pita bread and eat it like a sandwich..but instead i ate them individually. it was very interesting at first and everything had a unique taste...but after like a few spoonfuls of the stuff... everything started tasting very lemony..they use a whole lot of lemon juice in the green beans...and the cilantro-parsley-tomato mixture and the eggplant puree as well. The pita was good dipped in the hummus and what i believe was eggplant puree.. the fried veggie cake thing was okay when dipped into the third kind of sauce.It was a fairly big plate of food so I ate only a little because i got tired of the lemon juice taste...it's only good in small doses... my bf ordered the chicken pita with a side of garlic potatoes. The chicken pita was good but the garlic potatoes lacked garlic taste to me. We also had ordered Spanakopita - which is layers of flaky crisp fill dough stuffed with spinach and feta cheese...it was like $4 for 2! kinda expensive and small....and it wasn't very good either..it was a little dry.Service was pretty good...the waitress came around a few good times to check on us even though they got pretty busy. Would like to come back and try other things =]
4	Four Stars simply due to the Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus. The sentiment has already been expressed and I will back it up. Best thing on the menu, hands down!
4	I don't understand why the Yelp price rating for Pita Jungle is "$$". The most expensive item $14.59 and nearly everything else is under $10. The price rating should be "$".Big eaters, rejoice; not such big eaters, be warned:   Pita Jungle serves up plentiful portions for their prices. I got the Chicken Tikki Masala if it wasn't so tasty I would've stopped eating when I hit the half plate mark. The Lavosh Shawarma Wrap was huge - I swear it was stuffed with 40 pieces of chicken. And it came with a hearty salad.Pita Jungle gets five stars for price, value, and taste.Minus one star because....-The cleaning staff could be a bit more efficient. About 7 tables were vacated while we were waiting outside but it was about 10 more minutes before anyone was called in.-Boy was it noisy! We had to shout to hear each other. If they were playing background music, it was drowned out.
5	Best Beef Gyro I've ever had. The entire staff are very friendly and attentive. This is by far my favorite place. Even when my mom comes into town from Texas she always askes me to take her to lunch here. The prices are very reasonable; and the portions are appropriate.  Everything is made fresh. I also love love love the salmon dish and sautee spinach.
5	Every time I eat here the service is very good and friendly. The food is prepared to perfection and served fast.
5	Holy CRAP was this place packed today!! It's gotten astronomically popular since it arrived in this location about two or three years ago, and despite being a decent-sized establishment, if you arrive dead on at midday you're in for at least a five to ten min wait unless you're lucky. Just like I wrote in my review of Vogue Bistro, I felt like I wasn't dressed appropriately, although this time it was because while I was wearing brown camo cargo pants and a grey t-shirt, seemingly everyone else there - both typical patrons and servers alike - were dressed like they were starring in a Wiggles on-stage production. I'm a big fan of the Chicken Tikka Masala, which I've been ordering ever since it was an experiment listed on a sheet of A4 paper attached to the main menu; it's now a regular item. I also get the caramelized cauliflower with tahini which is utterly delicious. I'm NOT a big fan of cheap, sh1tty tattoos though, and I saw a whole stack of those too.Today was more or less a day like any other. Met the wife here, sat down, were promptly served our food. I went for the lavosh shawarma wrap instead of my usual since I'm trying to cut down on carbs (a very slight cutdown.. whatever!) but did get the cauliflower too. The cauli was different today. For a start, they brought it out on a full-sized plate, whereas it's normally served on a side-item-sized plate. Was fine with me as the wife usually shares it. While the lavosh wrap was absolutely delicious as I remember it being, the tahini sauce that went along with the cauli was weirdly sweet. Like it had sugar or syrup mixed in with it. Usually it's a more tan color and savoury, but this time it was more on the amber/orange side. When the server passed by I asked him whether the recipe had officially changed - he said no, and that they might have overdone one of the ingredients in the kitchen, but he definitely noticed the difference in color too. I said I was asking because I wouldn't order it again if it tasted the same, but I'm a big fan of the usual sauce. He said he'd check with the kitchen.Not more than a couple of minutes later he comes back carrying a giant dessert plate with a slice of duo-tone baklava on it, covered in giant sultanas (aka golden raisins, I believe) and dusted in cinnamon powder by way of compensation. Jesus on a pogo stick. Chevy Chase could have tobogganed down a snowy hill on the bastard. It was delicious - I shouldn't have eaten it but I did. Even the wife, who isn't a big fan of baklava, took a couple of bites and proclaimed that it was the best baklava she had ever had. Very nice of them to do this, especially being so busy. Double-size side item plate and a comped dessert for two - you folk in Liberia are sure missing out! Definitely coming back (I would have anyway, I had no major problem with the meal).I thoroughly recommend this place, it's a great all-round location if you want reasonably healthy macrobiotic stuff in a funky kind of atmosphere, long as you don't mind some of the saddest tattoos you'll probably ever see. They thoroughly deserve their high rating and a Yelp ambassador should consider giving them one of those "People love us on Yelp!" stickers that are inexplicably given to other places such as Mr Goodcents. Although, if you want proper fresh Greek, Greek Wraps just up the road trumps them. I'd rock up there for a chicken kabob wrap on their freshly baked pita any day of the week. And no, owner of Chicago Gyros, they didn't pay me to say that. BTW, Greek Wraps did a giant renovation around Christmas last year, the place is almost literally three times bigger. Now if only Haji Baba's would renovate that rancid cesspit they call a restroom..
3	I really don't want to be the person to give the three star review, and I have a hunch that my not-so-great experience was due to the time of day I visited. My boyfriend suggested this place as a tandem destination because it is open until 10pm, and it has a full bar. He had previous experience with the restaurant so I agreed, and we took off on our bicycle made for two. We rolled up (literally) at around 9:15pm and the place was dead. Probably not a good thing since we were both a little sauced already. The hostess and the waiter were both really friendly and extremely helpful. We started out with a beer. The selection was pretty good because they had much more than the typical Bud Light, Miller Lite, Michelob Ultra fare. My boy ordered the Glazed-Chicken Lavosh Pizza and I got the plain old Lavosh Pizza. His was delicious, but mine was certainly lacking. I expected roasted tomatoes, but there were whole slices on ever piece of lavosh. The bottom was also burnt, and the whole thing was pretty unappetizing. I ordered the baklava as well, and that was very good. They drizzled some sort of carmel-like sauce all over it which I have never seen before. It was a great addition to one of my favorite desserts!
4	My dear Pita Jungle:You always make me so happy when I eat here! I leave so stuffed, but I can't get enough of your food.If it weren't for your falafel, I would have given you 5 stars. I really don't like it, because it is too crusty for my tastes. However, your hummus is some of the best around and I really love your broiled chicken pita/broiled chicken salad. My sister always enjoys your cheesecake after her meal, as well.It makes me smile to see that the servers can wear virtually anything they want. Besides that, I've never once had bad service.
4	This place is very cool. I love going here to eat on the weekends. There is just something about their One-Thousnd Bean dish that makes me order it every time. They also have the best Green Tea I have ever had.
4	What to expect when coming here? GREAT HEALTHY FOOD at fair prices. Had the chicken and hummus. It is FANTASTIC!!!!! My wife had the Greek salad and my son had a plain cheese pizza. My son 12 was not so impressed. My suggestion be to just add some pizza sauce to the kids menu pizza. My son thought it was too healthy, but NOT ME! We love this place and will be back.. Don't forget to add some sliced cucumber with the chicken & hummus it goes great together!
5	Wow!  Let's talk Hummus!  By far the best hummus I have ever had.  The roasted pepper and Cilantro jalapeno hummus are just fabulous.  I really can't decide which is better so why not get a split plate of both.  Everything I have tried here has been nothing less than tasty.
4	This place is the bomb! I go here all the time with the wife! Just try it, anything on the menu is great!
4	Pita Jungle is delicious, healthy food.  I went with a group for a Sunday dinner and it was busy but we didn't have to wait for a table. We ordered pitas (so warm and yummy) and jalepeno hummus for an appetizer and I had the Lentil Salad for dinner.  I would definitely try all of the hummus flavors if I were in the area again.  I had never had lentils before and was pleasantly surprised with their flavor.  No one I was with had any complaints about their food.The portions are enormous, prices are very reasonable, and everything is so good you forget it's good for you.
5	It is has been a while since I visited Pita Jungle, but I remember their food, friendly service and casual atmosphere to be exceptional. The only other restaurant that was close it was the sadly closed Gentle Strength.
2	Well this place was a true disappointment.  Most of the food was just ok, but certain portions were some of the worst things I've had.  I got the veggie burger with potatoes and my wife got the Mediterranean platter. This was the first time that I'd ever had a veggie burger.  The actual patty itself was pretty good (tasted more like a chicken patty then a burger but whatever).  I didn't really like that fact that it was served on just two pieces of bread.  The worst part of mine plate was the pickles that came along with it.  They were by far the most horrible pickles I've ever had.  The Mediterranean platter looked pretty tasty.  My wife said most everything was ok (that seemed to be the trend, just ok food) but one of the sides was a green bean dishes.  They were horrible as well.  They were extremely mushy and tasted bland and not good at all.Bar far the biggest disappointed about this place was the noise and the waitress.  It was really loud and really busy.  We went in at 7 on a Thursday night.  It was loud enough that I wouldn't even be going back had the food been great.  All and all I won't ever be returning to a Pita Jungle.
5	Loved every bite! And the staff was very friendly. Food came out quickly and tasted amazing! I will surely become a regular.
4	I visit this place about once a week. I love the food and the healthy choices. The lentil fatoosh salad is my new favorite. You can't go wrong with the hummus. The service is friendly and usually pretty fast. I do wish there was some sort of dress code for the staff. All that skin makes me lose my appetite.
4	Had lunch here today and it was exactly what the tum tum ordered. Pita Jungle has been in my regular rotation for years now and I would recommend it to all. My usual - Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus and grilled chicken.                  - Greek Salad                          Or                  - Lavosh Shawarma Wrap. Served with a side Greek salad.                          Or                  - The Caribbean Salad is a delicious change up!!!!! I always wash it down with a Green Tea! They use a local company and I am always for localness.  :)I have yet to run into a Pita Jungle hater. They have a ton of yummy items on the menu....something for everyone. The service is steller and the price is always right.
5	I love Pita Jungle! I frequent the one on Indian School and 40th street, but make it around to the one in Peoria and the one on Shea. Regardless which one I go to the service is great, the food is fantastic and the crowd and atmosphere has wonderfully warm energy.The only thing that I have not enjoyed greatly was the Broiled Chicken Pita. It was a little bland. I have tried so many other dishes and they are all wonderful.Love you guys!!!
4	Healthy, delicious, and fun!   The Mediterranean platter is amazing and you'll definitely have left overs if you try to tackle it yourself (well at least I always do!).  I'm a HUGE fan of their falafel pita sandwich and cilantro jalapeno hummus.  I like Pita Jungle because i can go in knowing i'm not eating super greasy food NOR am i tempted to get any french fries or unhealthy food.   All of their food choices adhere to the healthy living culture as best as any restaurant i've found in the west valley/glendale area.   A bit pricey for a med student's budget, but i like to treat myself to Pita Jungle every now and then.  They recently started a reverse happy hour that i've heard is phenomenal.   Try this place..you won't regret it and your body with thank you in the long run!
4	Good healthy food, but it a little expensive for a family. I really like the grilled vegetables and a must is the three hummus with chicken appetizer. BEWARE, don't get the hummus with chicken if anyone in your party is allergic to pine nuts.The interior is tres chic and modern, but because the the floors are concrete it is loud when the restaurant is full.  Friendly staff, but not all staff is created equal.  Some make sure to check on you and refill your glass while others stop by to check on you and then don't bring back what you requested.
5	I had an amazing time at the Pita Jungle in Glendale!  The food was spectacular & service was great! I had a salmon salad that was to die for and more than enough for two people!! For dessert rice pudding with fresh strawberries!  Everything is fresh & made to order! I love it!! I wish we had them here on the east coast!!! Wake up East coast! Lets get some Pita Jungles out here!!!!
5	I Love this Pita Jungle! The staff is friendly and food amazing. I often get it to go. My family occasionally eats at the restaurant as well. We have never had a negative experience.
4	Soooo good! Love the Thousand Beans, its definitely one of my absolute favs. Glad this location opened! Service is always great.
5	Love Pita Jungle. My husband and I frequent this one often. We were invited to meet his brother and family there again last week. As usual the Chicken Del Sol "Rocked". Yummy stuff and the staff was great too, Thanks
4	After 75 reviews there is not a lot to add, but I must add this try the fruit salad with the watermelon, it will change your life!  It's so amazing!Service here is always great, it doesn't matter if it's slow or packed they are always friendly and quick.
4	This was the second Pita Jungle I've been to, but it is also the one I've visited most frequently since I used to live nearby. It always seems busy, but it doesn't get too loud inside. The service has always been great, and they always get us in quickly no matter how busy they are. I like the openness of the dining area, and the vibe is always nice. The food is always great, too! We've never had any problems here at all, and were always satisfied with our experiences at this Pita Jungle location :) Oh, and this was the location where I first tried PJ's Spanakopita... it is quite delicious! It almost reminded me of being back in Greece!
4	Great place for a HEALTHY meal! Prices are great but place is ALWAYS packed so arrive before your appetite does. I have never tried hummus until then and I must say it is a very good appetizer. With how busy it was, I was surprised as to how quickly our food came out. I didn't feel "over-stuffed" as some heavy food leaves you feeling. Go try it!
5	MY HUSBAND AND I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! and now my father in law does also. We took him here for his Birthday and it was great at how good our customer service was! We showed up a little late totally not meaning to, since we were trying to surprise my father in law. This was his first time here and we were trying to get him there without telling him, but at the last minute we just spilled the beans so he can come home. We then rushed there and we were still allowed in. There was still one table with 2 ladies besides ours. We felt bad for being there late, but after planning and waiting all day for this we couldn't give up.The service was GREAT and our food was served fast. Thank you so much Pita Jungle for making that Birthday possible and for satisfying my pregnant cravings at that time!!!
5	Wonderful energy in this location.  No one is pushy and always laid back.  They seem to have the perfect blend of getting you what you want and need but not bothering you.  Any chance I get I will come back because honestly you can order anything including tofu and be happy here.
4	We went there on a Saturday afternoon and wow the place was bustling, i just felt the energy  and the atmosphere was great, but yes it was loud. We ordered for appetizer Sapanakopita. it was nothing, just two tiny pieces laid over lettuce and a cube of cheese. I was disappointed. But anyways, ordered Falafel pita and a lavosh pizza, dont remember the details. Both the things were amazing... ordered lemonade that was not very good, Green Tea was good.Overall good experience, when we got up, we didn't feel like we had stuffed ourselves and did not feel the weighing down effect of food. So i was glad. We have it in our loop of restaurants now.
5	Love, Love Pita Jungle! I was first turned on by them from a client- Christina. She told me about her experience at the downtown location that usually would scare me off. She said she ordered her hummus for an appetizer and the pesto pizza for lunch. Some time later she asked the server if her lunch was coming and the server realized she forgot her order. The server got it for her to go. Christina continued on to tell me that next time she goes, she give herself more time in case they forget again. (????) Wow, I figured I had to try this place....The Hummus and pesto pizza are my Favorites. Their charming crew is always friendly and on the ball...Service is always Top notch even when its busy!
5	I love the Pita Jungle so...SO much. I have had probably everything on the menu over the years and it is all divine. I love their curry chicken salad, their tabouleh, chicken del sol, black bean burgers, nachos, pitas, pita chips....the hummus is a gift from heaven. I have no idea what they put in it (magic? love? Unicorn tears? Crack? It is all possible) but it is one of my favorite things on this planet. I could eat a drum of it. This location is loud, but it always has great, prompt service. The hipsters are always smiling and attentive and make this place just a little funky. Do not ever stop doing what you do Pita Jungle!
4	MR C & I hit the jungle on our way home from our little staycation.  He had never been to PJ before, but I have.. the Tempe & Scottsdale locations. Im a fan of this place. I didnt realize there was one on the westside.. and then there it was.  What a charming place. I love the shabby chic vibe, and Mr C didnt care. He was surprised at how busy it was, and I was just thrilled to be there.  We had sandwiches and they were delish. Service just great.  Mr C was impressed and I was stuffed. :) We will be back and love the fact they ventured on to the West Side!! Yay! I am a fan indeed.
5	I love this place!!!  We always get great service- whether we are in a hurry or we just want to sit back and enjoy.  My absolute favorite thing is their Baba Ganoosh the broiled eggplant puree with tahini sauce, yogurt, fresh garlic and lemon juice.-- it is the best I ever had.   I have even gone their to get it to go and took it back to Oklahoma for my family to try!!!  I am glad they are expanding-
5	Always fantastic service, very attentive employees, the food is consistently good, and they do a great job of keeping it together during their very busy lunch hours.
3	I wish I could have liked this place more since I've heard so many good things.  It could have just been what I ordered...but am I willing to go again?  No.  Nothing really jumped out at me and so I ordered something I know I like and that was the beef gyro.  I've the real deal in Greece and loved it and I'd like to say I at least know what the authentic gyro tastes like.  Pita Jungle's version was just so so.  There was enough tsatsiki sauce on it and it lacked flavor I feel.  I was sad that it was such a let down.  I wanted to try more than just the gyro on my first visit, so I just ordered a side of their garlic new potatoes.  With something that has the name garlic in it, you'd think they would be seasoned well.  These potatoes were severely lacking the garlic flavor and were very dry.  Sorry Pita Jungle, but I won't be trying you again.  :(
3	My wife and I were looking for some middle eastern food and came upon this place. The service was good and so was the selection.Regarding the food: tasty, but not the real deal.I would come here again possibly but if I want a real fix of authentic tasting and looking medditeranian / middle eastern food I won't come here looking.To clarify - authentic Shawarma is cooked on a Rotisserie style spit standing up, letting all the fat, juices and spices roll down the sides. It is supposed to be served with Hummus, a salad consisting of tomatoes and cucumbers and some french fries. It can be served in either a pita (greek style is best) or a Lafa (similar but not the same as lavash). It can be topped with Tahini sauce as well. The Shawarma spices are unique and can include: cumin, coriander, Za'atar and many other good spices, the flavor is what's supposed to make this dish what it is! The chicken, turkey or lamb is supposed to be succulent and juicy - not dry! I have had the real thing in the middle east many times so I know what it's supposed to resemble.Falafel is the same as well, to be good you must master it....
5	Always so good, so fresh and great service. I have tried many menu items and they are always incredible. The Mediterranean Roasted Chicken Pita, Garlic Potatoes, Garlic Mushrooms and Caramelized Cauliflower with Tahini are my favorites. Plus, the art here is great, constantly changing and I'm pretty certain it is for sale. The furniture is so cute, the couch in the front adds to the welcoming atmosphere and not only is their staff good, but it seems like they are genuinely happy to work there. Plus, you can eat until you are full and feel good when you walk out ... even if you do indulge in the Carrot Cake. One of our favorites after our first 6 months in the city.
4	I am so glad there is one of these on the West side! whenever I go to classes in Tempe I go here, and now I can go anytime I like for lunch. Love trying new things and have never been disappointed!
5	I love everything about this place! Its a very inviting and relaxed atmosphere. Everything that ive ordered is good. My favorite is the tomato basil soup!
4	Came here for lunch at 11:20am, it was not too packed yet.  My brother got there 10 mins later.  We both ordered.  I got the Chicken Philly Pita.  My favorite!!!   This location did not disappointment either.  Woot woot!!!
2	This location has good food, however, unless you plan to spend the entire evening waiting, ordering, eating and paying for dinner you might want to go someplace else.  The interior seating area is VERY loud, making it difficult to hold a decent conversation, outside seating is much better.  We've been there twice in the last month and both times the service has been extremely slow.  When you spend more time waiting to place your order, waiting for your food or waiting for the check then it took to eat the meal, well, there is a problem.
4	Huge portions...extremely yummy...poor service...I guess there is always takeout :)
4	This is a good restaurant that I try to go to often. This place has some good healthy foods which are perfect for my diet after my workouts. I also like the prices here, since I eat a lot of food from working out all the time I need to be able to buy a lot and my dollar goes pretty far here. Some favorites of mine are the chicken philly and gyro. Give this place a try if you haven't yet.
5	Had the mahi and it was great.  Very reasonably priced also.  Definitely a repeat.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in the valley. I usually go for the turkey wrap or one of their pizzas. On this day we went for happy hour, which is daily after 9pm and tried several tapas and a 4 peaks beer. Everything was really good.
4	Accidentally showed up during happy hour and that was great!  They have little tapas dishes for under $2.00.  Perfect little appetizer before having one of their yummy gyros! I always have to order extra tzatziki,not because there isn't enough on the gyro, but because it's pretty damn tasty! My friend had their Chicken Pasta Salad and as usual, it was delicious.I was sad to see that they didn't have their tomato basil soup this time.  I dream about this soup. I crave it. There is just something about this soup that makes you feel all fuzzy and warm inside!  I will order this soup even if it is 115 degrees outside! The kicker...their fresh pita chips that are served with this soup! Yummy!
2	I usually really like pita jungle but this location seems to be poorly run. Plenty of empty tables but the food took forever and they claimed the kitchen was backed up. Stems on grapes in the salad. Graffiti in the bathroom. Disappointed.
5	They have anything from salads, pitas, wraps, burgers, and wood fired pizzas.  Although this isn't a 100% plant-based restaurant they pride themselves on having many vegan options.  Not only are there options, but upon visiting their site I found a table of what items are vegan, what aren't, and what makes them non-vegan (which is always nice to know). Great to have so many vegan options that are spelled out on their website.  We expected a counter-service experience but were pleasantly surprised when we entered to find it was an actual sit-down restaurant.  The vibe was a classy yet laid back, youthful feel.  Most of the servers were high school or college age and wore regular street clothes (think Urban Outfitters style).  I loved the laid back atmosphere of the servers even though it's a sit-down experience and really enjoyed the color scheme and tin plated ceiling.The food was absolutely FANTASTIC.  Oh my. For an appetizer we selected the garlic dip with two pitas.  The garlic dip is a mix of olive oil, lemon juice, fresh garlic, and smashed potatoes.  If you love garlic, you'll love this.My husband chose the Falafel Pita which was topped with cilantro and spices, mixed greens, tomatoes, onions, pickles and tahini.  He was very happy with his choice, although next time he'd ask for no onions.I went with the Veggie Garden Wrap that included zucchini, broccoli, cauliflower, eggplant, yellow squash, carrots, onions, tomatoes, brown rice, mixed beans, ginger, herbs and garlic.One thing we quickly found was that our entrees were HUGE.  This is not a complaint in anyway.  However, next go around we may share an entree.  Either way, this visit, we had leftovers to take home for lunch the next day. Will definitely return.
5	Well, I've been to 3 other Pita Jungles (North Phoenix, Scottsdale & San Diego), so visiting the Glendale location was bound to happen.  Went there for lunch today - it's by far the SMALLEST location, but as ususal, the food was wonderful, service was great.  I ordered the spicy chicken pita wrap while there, and a large cilantro jalapeno hummus w/pita to-go.  Those wraps are so darn BIG - I ate the second half for dinner.  Again, smaller location, but great service, huge portions.  So far, the San Diego location is the biggest by far.  I'm really a fan of this wonderful menu.  Don't know how they make everything, including veggies, taste so good!!!
5	This is close to school and our preferred spot for a quick bite in between class. The jalapeno cilantro hummus is delicious, as is the roasted red pepper hummus and the regular hummus. I have had both the falafel and spicy chicken wraps, and they both certainly delivered. Beware- They are HUGE! I took the other half home for dinner both times.The staff is always friendly, always accommodating our large groups and splitting our checks for us without a moan and groan. BTW- they have options for vegans, vegetarians and carnivores. This place is good for all!
1	Bad food, expensive, not worth the money.I got a to-go of falafel starter and 2 chicken  combo platter, and i regret spending $ 35 on this tasteless meal. The pita bread was cold and i opened up the box 5 minutes after getting the food.Will prefer Greek Wraps/King Gyros to this place which are economical and tasty.
5	I love this place. I go here often but this last time I went to see a friends art they had on display and of course for the Shwarma (spelling?) I tend to order mine with no tomatoes and the sauces on the side. I can't help it, I like to deconstruct the wrap. Big fan of this place and the service is always top notch.
5	Incredibly delicious I love it. Full of flavor and healthy with a quick service. I recommend this highly.
5	I am a vegetarian and there is a ton of great stuff at Pita Jungle. I just had the hummus trio, babaganoush, dolmas, mozzarella, and feta for appetizers tonight. Fantastic happy hour on the apps and delicious. Took BLACK BEAN BURGER to go. SOOOO good! Also, servers are super nice and prompt. YAY!
5	Simply the best.  Love this place!  the Kefta burger is Oh My Heart!!
4	Really enjoy this place! Fresh, healthy food and wonderful humus! Laid back environment and service has always been really friendly.
4	How can healthy taste so good.  We stopped here for lunch last week and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Granted the acoustics are not good - it's hard to hear yourself read the menu, but, the food more than made up for it, plus our waitress was fantastic -knowledgeable, friendly, happy - I'd love to have her again.  It may be unusual to start with the ice tea, but that was some of the best ice tea I've ever had.  It was a big glass and I was happy to get a refill.  I ordered the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap which was yummy.  Grilled chicken, tomato, and onion in a light garlic sauce wrapped in Lavosh Bread and then wood fired made for a great sandwich.  The chicken was moist and seasoned to a t and the veggies were grilled to just the right degree - not mushy and not too firm.  This was a huge portion in itself but came with a greek salad which was also good good.  I do have to mention that I went back here a few days ago and while I still thought the food was amazing, this is not the place to go if you have a group that you want to converse with.  The acoustics are bad and it was really hard to do all that lip reading.Will I go back?  You bettcha!
4	The roasted veggie salad is amazing, especially with the grilled chicken. Don't even need the dressing it comes with, the veggies and their seasonings is all you need. The sample plate- where u get hummus, falafal, pitas, etc is AMAZING. Love it.
4	Love Pita Jungle. This location is MUCH more relaxed then the Tempe location. We arrived at 12:30 on a Monday and got seated right away. Ordered Seared Ahi Tuna salad -strawberry, pineapple, mango with sesame dressing YUM!!  It was amazing. Girlfriend ordered black bean burger - Not my thing but she was happy. Nice chill Pita Jungle -- Awesome.
4	This is the wife and I's favorite date spot for a quick, healthy, and enjoyable meal at a good price point. My favorite dish here is the spicy chicken pita and I can't seem to get away from it because It's SOOO Good. My wife usually gets the chicken schwarma or the beef gyro and they both are also very good ( snuck some bites). The service has always been top notch and the orders have always been spot on. While sometimes we have to wait 15 minutes to grab a seat the food has always been worth the wait. The bathrooms are clean for the most part and the decor fits my style. The only downside is the parking situation because there are not a ton of spots. One last tip - The green tea is unique and awesome
2	Ahhh, I wish I didn't have to leave a less than fabulous review for this place. I so wanted to love it, buttttt I can't.Let's start with customer service: It was awful. The hostess seemed annoyed. Our waitress seemed annoyed. No recommendations, no smile, no checking in... to the point where we had to ask her if she was having a bad day because it was so noticeable - to which she replied, "Nope." Lol, oh okay....Next up, food: I ordered the chicken curry salad. He ordered the mediterranean chicken sandwich. What came out was a chicken salad, and grilled chicken wrapped in bread. We might have went wrong with our choices, but our food was absolutely bland and neither of us finished our plates. The tomato basil soup was awesome, though!In conclusion, we both realized we are Middle Eastern and have probably been spoiled by Arabic spices and seasonings... and therefore, this place just didn't stand a chance. It is very healthy food, though - so, if you're not Middle Eastern, you might enjoy this place :)
5	This a great place to go if you like to eat healthy but need a family friendly environment with quick service at moderate prices. The kids meal is only 6 bucks and you get a veggie, carb, protein and some fruit. Perfectly balanced meal at appropriate serving sizes. This is also a fantastic choice for wine and tapas. Thier food tends to have a greek/mediteranian flare so it's not the best choice if you're a meat and potato type who really loves southern cooking. This is a great choice for those who like to eat light or want a hearty but healthy dish with some ethnic flare.
3	This was my first trip to any Pita Jungle and I am intrigued. I will probably go back again and may either bump this up one or be satisfied with a 3.The great:Coconut curry soup. Flavorful, creamy, and just overall tasty. Good enough that I went home and made a pot of coconut curry and chic pea soup.The good:The shwarma wrap. I enjoyed the toasted wrap. That said, my dad is Lebanese so I get a bit picky. The wrap that comes with the salad does not have pickles, tahini or garlic sauce. It is probably a decision because of the cooking method but without at least 2 of those 3 it was missing something for me. That said, the pita tasted great and had a nice crunch.The less good:The pesto pizza. My wife ordered the pesto pizza. It was $7.49. It was a pita that was the size of a small plate with pesto, a bit of melted cheese, and 4 slices of tomato. She said it tasted good but the size was a bit underwhelming for the price. I have made enough pesto to realize that it is an expensive sauce, especially if they are using pine nuts. But the size made her think appetizer. She was looking for a meal.Overall, the food was good. My complaints are mostly nit-picky. I would like to see that pesto pizza labeled as an app rather than a main dish or come with a little something else (the wife is not a bit eater and if she is calling something small, that is saying something!) on the side. I plan to go back, try something different, and hope that I can get something else as good as that soup next time. If so, I'll happily increase this review!
4	Great food. healthy choices, nice ambiance and friendly staff! My husband loves the hummus plate w/ chicken (spicy chicken, served on a plate of cool hummus, yin and yang heaven!) and I love the grilled vegetable salad (perfectly sauteed veggies, sitting happily on a bed of mixed greens, lightly dressed in a deliciously, lemony vinaigrette, no guilt here!) Happy hour is a great time to visit, as they offer many of the menu items in smaller quantity for a great price- allowing you to try different foods that you may have otherwise never tried. The hummus trio is a fantastic appetizer, skip the pita bread and order an extra plate of tomatoes and cucumbers... YUM!
2	Disappointing ! Black bean burger tasted good but fell apart my first bite. It seemed as if they cooked the beans and then formed into a patty. Would be much better if they threw on the grill for a minute. Waiter cleared half eaten plates away without batting an eye - he must be used to it. 3 soft drinks and 3 mediocre entrees + 15% tip = $47. Won't be back !
5	SOOOO yummy! Everything is good.
5	My wife and I ate lunch here today. The food and the service was wonderful. We will definitely be back.
4	HEALTHY, FRESH, DELICIOUS, & INEXPENSIVEFresh hummus, fresh pitas, fresh chicken, fresh produce....literally I cannot say FRESH enough. I have been to this location probably at least if not more than 10 times and EVERY time the food is spot on. If I am in a rush, I inform the server and they get me in and out no problem (even if it is during a busy lunch rush). Very accommodating and I have never not one time had an issue here. The server usually always asks me if I want a to-go drink. I think I maybe had ONE less than desirable experience and that was when the server was too busy flirting with the women at a table for 10minutes. I literally had to get up & say Hi, I need my check. Then he stood there and talked for 5 minutes more which irritated me to all hell. But it has not kept me form going back. If I got him again as a server, I would just ask to be sat at another section.
3	Good, fresh food. Hubby loved his schwarma and curry, and the flavors in both were great. Only real complaint was the size of my $7 pizza. It would have made a good appetizer, but not for that price or for a meal. It was maybe 8" across. Tasted great, and I realize pesto is expensive, but still. Other than that, everything else was great, and we will probably give this another try.
5	great hummus, good food, would definitely eat there again, and has great service, i am a meat and potato girl, but the food is tasty, my favorite is the mushrooms...
3	I went with a friend for the 1st time.. I had a Gyro platter 3 weeks ago. Sad. They have bland meat that is not on a Gyro Spit .. They pan fry it.The prices are high for the atmosphere ... The service was great, it is a fun place. I will go back and try something other than a Gyro.
5	For it being fairly full, it was the fastest service I've ever had at a Pita Jungle. I liked this one.
1	I'm so mad. I pride myself on being a vegan and being committed to a plant based diet for so many years and every now and then after a day of shopping my mom and I would go in for a late lunch. The staff always reassured me that the portobello burger was vegan. My mom and I went tonight and I just happened to browse on the Pita Jungle website on my phone and looks like the portobello burger is NOT vegan b/c the bun has dairy. When our waitress approached us to take our order (who BTW was not friendly) I asked her if the portobello burger was vegan and she said that is was, when I told her on their website that it said it wasn't she went to check the ingredients on the bun and comes back to tell me that it's not vegan. The staff obviously needs education!!!! I cannot believe I have been eating something that is against my beliefs all this time due to lack of knowledge of the Pita Jungle staff. The waitress then tells me that I can always substitute my bun for a 12 grain bread BUT according to their website the 12 grain bread isn't vegan either. Such a shame! I am so, so, SO disappointed!!!!!!
5	Good service, fun (loud) atmosphere, and fantastic food. The vegetarian options are great! Bring the whole family.
5	Not that they even need another 5 start review, this place is great!!!  Great place to take your kids for a healthy meal!
4	I didn't know food at one Pita Jungle could differ from another.  I swore I would never return to this location after I witnessed an employee do something gross (sneezed in her palm, handled money, and then bare handed my pita), which I notified a manager of and it was rectified.  Fast forward a couple of years.  I return.  Wow.  The tofu at this location is fantastic.  The Macro platter here is worth the drive from where I am and I would drive past 2 other Pita Jungles.  Big fan.  The server was really nice.  I was at 0 stars when I walked in and became 4 stars when I left.
5	Love the environment, the menu, and the service has always been great.  Nice sized portions and good appetizer options.  Our family enjoys eating here about once a week.  We enjoy the jalepeno hummus, dolmades, and most any other thing on the menu.  The food is fresh and tasty.
2	What a disappointing experience. I went in on 10/8/2012 for a late lunch. The crew is so disappointed to see anyone outside of rush hour. It is the most unwelcoming feeling. I could not sit down because of the filthy seat. My husband had to find something to wipe down my booth seat before I could sit down. The busser didn't even seem to notice that there was dirty seats at every table he cleaned. The floor under one table was absolutely filthy. No one blinked an eye. The manager stood and stared out to the floor. He was far enough away to not see anything. Bad strategy. The server completely abandoned us after our food came. She brought me a ketchup with nothing in it and then proceeded to stand at another table and talk for five minutes. My husband had to go get some pico and tabasco for us. We finally interrupted her to get another bottle of ketchup.I did not like my meal at all. It fell apart. It was dry. They put about a 1/4 teaspoon of hummus on it. It was a black bean burger that desperately needed salt. I had no opportunity to ask for anything to improve it because the server failed to check on us for eternity. My hubby loved his hummus and chicken dish and the caramelized cauliflower/tahini dish was out of this world delicious. That got them an additional star.This store has completely neglected the details. Their standards have taken a serious dive. I will not be going back until they have new management in place. Cleanliness, and customer service are seriously deficient.
2	This place was mediocre at best. The customer service was terrible. I could barely tell who was working there and who wasn't.
3	I have been here a few times and it has been really great. The food is always really great and it's a nice place to enjoy a beer. It is very loud in there when busy with the open layout they have it gets very volumized like a cafeteria. Also, my server was rude the last time I was there, she looked like she hated life and her job. Otherwise it is a great place and I like to come here.
5	I went to Pita Jungle for the first time last night. Even though I just got my dinner to go, I still got wonderful customer service. The young lady at the door greeted me very nicely and the young man at the front register even helped me choose my dinner. As I waited for my food, I felt that the environment was very lively and positive. They finished my order quickly and it was incredibly DELICIOUS! Next time my vegan sister and her boyfriend come to visit, I am taking them to Pita Jungle.
5	I love Pita Jungle!And this location is far better than the one on Tempe.  The food is phenomenal and there are so many choices.  I've been coming here for a few years and I've never had a bad meal or bad service.  The location is great because it's right on Bell Road and close to all the shopping centers without actually being in the mall.  I've found this is a nice restaurant to meet friends for lunch or dinner since the menu has a lot of options for the healthy-conscious, gluten free, and vegan eaters.  Regarding the food itself: delicious!  I always have a hard time deciding what to get because everything is so good!  The hummus with chicken is a must-have for an appetizer.  For entrees, the Philly Cheesesteak Gyro, and regular Gyro are always good choices.  If you've come with a hearty appetite they have different types of Mediterranean pizzas that are huge!  Seriously so big they barely fit on the plates and you will be taking home leftovers.  And then my all-time favorite - the Honey Balsamic Seared Yellowfin Tuna Salad: perfectly sweet and crisp with tons of ripe fruit tossed in.  I really can't say enough good things about their food.  On top of all that, they also have great servers who are super nice.  I've always been offered a beverage to-go when I receive my check, and have never had to flag down a waiter for anything since they check in pretty often.  If you haven't been here yet, you must try it!
3	The hummus is very tasty and the fruit and cheese platter is huge! We asked for cucumber slices and tomato for our hummus and we were brought 3 slices of cucumber and maybe 4 tomato wedges. I would have preferred more. The overall service is not very attentive but they are very nice.
4	I actually really enjoyed my first visit to the Pita Jungle! I wasn't expecting much, but it surprised me!My wife and I ordered the Spanakopita as an appetizer to share and we both loved it. It was by far the best thing we had here, although our entrees were not too bad either. I ordered some kind of spicy chicken wrap, which was decent, but I don't think I would order it again as my wife's pesto turkey wrap was much better (and I don't even like turkey).One thing to note is that the portion sizes for the entrees are quite large. My wife and I discovered that even with me being a big eater we can probably get away with sharing one entree along with an appetizer. The prices seemed expensive at first, but once you realize that one entree can be shared they don't seem too unreasonable.The service is not bad, but one thing I didn't like was that the wait staff dresses casually and with no uniform. It is hard to tell who works there and who doesn't. It might make the employees more comfortable, but some of the things they were wearing seemed a bit unprofessional.In any case, Pita Jungle is a unique restaurant that seems to offer tasty foods that are healthy as well. I think we will be back.
2	This place has gone down hill. It used to be better but it now seems just like any old chain restaurant. From food quality to cleanliness, everything is suffering. Bummer!
4	Where has this place been all of my life!? We were seated right away and greeted by our server. When given the menus, everything seemed so good! My friend wanted a salad and the server recommended the Mediterranean chicken salad. And I ended up getting the gyro with a side of garlic potatoes. As for drinks, we got their delicious tropical tea.Our food arrived and the salad looked AMAZING!!! It was huge! And my gyro looked small but it was delicious and filling. I'm not a big fan of gyros because they tend to be so greasy which always makes me feel sick after eating it and then come the regrets, but this time it was perfect. No grease or mess and even though I finished everything, I was satisfied not sick. Along with finishing MY food I finished my friends salad. HOLY CRAP! That was the best salad I have ever had in my life and I am not even that big of a fan of salads. The second time we went, the service wasn't as good as the first time.
5	I come here often and I don't even live close. The food is good and the staff is phenomenal. I like the food, I love the service. Nice people who don't give you a speel or tons of upsells. My favorite server is Gino, I ask for him EVERY SINGLE TIME. If you go there, you should ask for him too!!!!! Looooooove Gino and Pita Jungle!
5	So good! Quick service, friendly, attentive. Loved the $1 happy hour tapas hummus trio. Small but enough for my husband and I to munch on while waiting for our gyro and chicken schawarma. All in all a nice inexpensive semi-healthy quick lunch.
5	Love the chicken humus! Lots of flavor and chicken is warm and tender. You get 2 large pitas so I recommend splitting it with someone if you plan on getting a meal too.
4	Excellent healthy fresh food, lovely presentation. Large portions. Friendly service. Good value. Nice wine and beer selection. Would definitely return.
4	fantastic nachos and gyro. very trendy place, feels like Seattle.
5	I used Pita Jungle's catering service on Saturday for a baby shower. It was the easiest experience ever and the food was phenomenal! There were 25 people at the shower and I ordered the large Mediterranean Platter and large Chicken Combo Platter. There is so much food leftover that I won't have to cook for a week! The food was delicious (as always), but I was equally impressed with the trays & utensils. It was by far the easiest shower I've ever hosted. And the price is very reasonable.
4	I loved this place and when I first came here I was expected a cheezy place that would have no ambience or character to it.I arrived in time for the happy hour specials and the beer wine and select bites were very cheap.I ordered the gyro and it was very moist and I wanted to take one to go! The bakalava was very good to finish everything off.The service was very good and the ambience made me want to stay and have a few drinks and relax after a hard week.I would recommend this place to everyone since the entire bill was so cheap I had to question the waitress if everything was on it.
4	Food is generally good. You get ginormous portions and I noticed people tend to share plates because of that. They serve four peaks 8th street ale.I like what I had (curry chicken salad), but if you're not open to trying vegetarian/vegan options or Mediterranean inspired food, then you probably won't like this place.
5	Love this place!Best hummus I have ever had hands down, its theyre own recipe.Wraps and gyros are great, and all items on the healthy side.Its very casual as the staff wears whatever they want basically, its all good vibes and good food.Def try the black raspberry iced tea.
3	The food was great!  I had the falafel salad and it was delicious.  The Cilantro hummus was really good too.  The kids had pita wraps... No complaints.  I gave 3 stars because the bathroom was gross with dirty toilette paper all over the floor.  The Phoenix Pita Jungle was cleaner than this location.  Our waiter seemed to forget to check on us and offer us refills.  Other than that the food was really good.
3	I gave this place three and not five strictly due to service and ambiance. The food is delicious. typical fresh, organic, vegan, vegetarian restaurant. They have some beers you normally dont see which is nice. The thing i didn't like is how it takes so long to get anything. Also all the staff seem strait out of a comic book. TOO HIPSTER! they all were skinny jeans, deep V shirts, fake glasses, chomo mustaches and you can never tell who is staff and who is a customer.
5	Yum!  Great service, great atmosphere.The food is like a healthier take of Greek food.  Pretty tasty and less guilt!
4	I'm in love with Pita Jungle!  This was the very first Pita Jungle location my husband and I tried out about six months ago and while it was VERY busy the day we went there, the service was outstanding and very attentive.First off, my husband had the Portobello Mushroom Burger and he absolutely devoured it.  Messy, but delicious (his words).  :-)  Garlic fries on the side were over the top.  Yum!I, on the other hand, had the Chipotle Black Bean Burger.  Yum as well, however I was kind of disappointed that the burger (because it was so moist) kept falling apart on me and I ended up eating most of it with a fork.  Otherwise a very good burger.  And of course those delicious garlic fries (I could make a meal of those alone.)If you're looking for a quiet restaurant, this is not a good choice.  The food and service is outstanding and the place is huge.  People know a good restaurant when they see one and this is a good one.  :-)
4	Decent service, and good food. I like their happy hour. I wouldn't come here if I was starving but portion sizes are adequate.
4	Their Happy Hour is sooooo cheap.  $2-$3 appetizers....say whaaat??  3-4 appetizers is definitely enough food for a girl.  I ordered 4 appetizers, only spent around $10, and even ended up taking home leftovers.
3	The service is quick and friendly the food is always good and comes out fairly quick. This location is very loud. The ceiling tiles are metal and it really amplifies the sound, even when its empty. I would not bring a date her only because you will be yelling just to speak over the noise. Please teach the servers how to pour wine in a glass. Every time I order a bottle of wine every server pours it so little drops splash everywhere. It never fails. Its happened so often I began to order beer and my wife just orders wine by the glass.
4	I eat at this place a lot. LOVE their food, and normally service is really good. Bad experience today. We ordered our usual, one my wife and I split all the time. A side as an appetizer and a main dish. We normally leave full, once in a while we will split the rice pudding as well. TODAY they had a NEW COOK. That was only part of the issue. The portions were at least one third less than normal. I said something when the food was dropped off because it had happened to both dishes. The girl shrugged it off, but she was not our waiter. Our waiter came by at the end, I told him about it and how she shrugged it off. I then saw him talk to the manager. They did nothing except hopefully next time it will be better. We actually left hungry today and need to stop somewhere else. I then called the manager when I got home, who basically shrugged it off even more and I told him we were regulars who order the same thing all the time. He then said our next meal would be on the house, but that all depends if I risk it again. Disappointing when a place keeps upping the price on a dish and then begins scaling back the portions after raising the prices - and then acts stupid when someone notices it.After talking with someone further we went back to try them out again. Back to their usual good food. BUT BEWARE - these healthy options are loaded with fats, good fats, but fats. High calories as well. The caramelized cauliflower is actually deep fried, so do not think it is oven roasted! Check on ingredients for many  of their things.
5	I love this place! Everything on the menu is good, and the passion fruit ice tea is awesome! The food is on the healthy side, but doesn't taste like you are eating plants. Garlic humus is always a good starter that wont disappoint. I have been here several times and never had bad service.
5	One of my favorite places in Glendale. Everything I've tried I've absolutely loved. I've had the pesto chicken pizza, the mahi mahi is amazing, the cilantro hummus is delicious. Service is always great. Their lemonade is refreshing and yummy.
2	This was our first time at this Pita Jungle. We ordered a Gyros & Falafal. Neither one tasted very good. The meat in the Gyro was too thick and the Falafel lacked flavor. The pitas are thin and tough and fall apart. The service was friendly. I felt sick after. We will not be back again.
5	I drove to Plato's Closet which is next door to Pita Jungle to sell some clothes and they told me there would be a 45 minute wait. So, I decided to head over to Pita Jungle. I asked if they had a happy hour and to my delight,  the bartender said yes! Their house wines are $3 and the glass is pretty big amd they definitely fill it up. I ordered the hummus trio (oh, did I mention it's only $1!!??!?!?) off their happy hour menu and it was delicious!! I also got an order of their garlic lemon chicken (for $2!!!) which was also yum yum yummmayy!! I highly recommend pita jungle! ESPECIALLY this location because of TYLER, MY AWESOMEEE SEVER/BARTENDER/AWESOME PERSON, LAUREN and DANI !! Awesome service and awesome personalities!!! Oh and awesome food!! ;)
5	I picked up take out tonight for quick and easy dinner for a hectic work night.  Was very bummed when I unpacked the food and discovered no pita was included for the hummus.  When I call the to inform them of this oversight the manager got on the phone to apologize.  He then insisted on having one of the employees deliver the pita to our home within 10 mins.  Great customer service and management and even better food!!  Way to go Desert Ridge Location!!
5	Incredible food, very nice atmosphere, open kitchen, reasonable prices, and best part...our AWESOME server Brooke.  Her skills are incredible.  Always checked to make sure we were doing well, drinks never ran out, and her cheery disposition was nice.   Service was fast and friendly.  Food was hot and delicious.  Highly recommend.
4	I'll admit; I have been ignoring Pita Jungle for a while, mostly because I LOVE Greek food, and my favorite Greek joints are little hole-in-the-walls. I didn't want to ruin my love of Gyros and Dolmades by eating them at a chain restaurant.All of that aside, the food here is fabulous. Incredibly fresh, flavorful and huge portions! We ordered the plain hummus as an appetizer, and there was nothing plain about it at all! Garlicky, creamy goodness alongside a warm, fluffy pita. Definitely in my top 3 for hummus. I tried the Lovash Chicken Shawarma Wrap - and it's hands down one of the best wraps I've ever eaten. I drank some kind of kiwi tea, and that was yummy, too! Unfortunately, I had to deduct a star because it was SO loud in the restaurant. I feel like the tables could have been placed better, or maybe some dividers could have been put up. I just felt like I was in one huge room with way too many people.Service was excellent and efficient. I will be back (probably for takeout!).
5	My husband and I went here for lunch today. We love Pita Jungle and I'm glad there is one at Arrowhead. The only downfall is that the parking lot is so packed at lunch time, you have to either park far away or drive around until someone leavesThe food is always great every time we go. My husband got the glazed chicken lavosh pizza which I love and I got the broiled chicken salad. I love how the chicken is always juicy and never dry. We shared a small plate of the red pepper hummus, which of course always tastes great.This is definitely a great place to go for a healthy lunch. The prices are on the higher side, but I'm wiling to pay for the food I get.
5	Review actually 4.5 GREAT SERVICE!!! Try the chicken del sol, all options are possible vegetarian as far as I know. The garlic dip is amazing, the humus is just good not anything to write home about. Easy to have a healthy meal here and you ALWAYS have enough for leftovers!
1	I have always enjoyed the food here in the past but this weekend they really dropped the ball.  Our parties food was brought out at different times. By the time the last person got their meal the first person was served. I also ordered the salmon special and they forgot half of the order. By the time brought the order everything was cold.
5	Love this place. Like a few people I avoided going and checking it out, not sure what to expect. But it is outstanding. I love eating  GOOD VEGAN and mostly Vegan food. Their soups are incredible!  Perfect place for a super lunch.  The wraps, all spicy veggie, is huge! One of my all time favorite places to go.
5	This is one of my favorite places. I have never had a dish that I haven't liked. It's great to have a place that you don't have to change so many items just to make it healthy. Wonderful food great staff.
1	I'm so bummed! If you are looking for an owner/manager that appreciates your business, this is not the place. No matter how good the food or how great the service is, I believe common decency is important. It surprises me that the staff is so good seeing that their leadership is so rude. I know many other businesses that will appreciate my business and look forward to taking my business elsewhere in the community.
2	Big portions. Decent price. Taste is okay.The happy hour is a rip off, however. It's very little and doesn't taste wonderful.
5	EMILY WAS AWESOME! We have been coming to Pita Jungle for many years and, although we have always loved the food, the service can be hit or miss. We appreciated the prompt friendly service tonight and will spread the good word!
4	The service at Pita Jungle was quick and very helpful.  This was my first time at a Pita Jungle and I was thrilled to see that it was so healthy.  This was also the closest that I have gotten to the authentic Arabic food that I knew and loved when I leaved in Dearborn, Michigan.  I had the chicken shawarma and gobbled it down. Yummy!The best part about Pita Jungle??  The kids' menu!  WOW!  This is the healthiest menu that I have seen since I have started nannying.  Everywhere else seems to only have pizza, corn dogs, and macaroni.  Thank you Pita Jungle for teaching great habits with using the MyPlate model and having very healthy choices for each portion.
5	The five stars is for the happy hour only.  We got a pizza one time, and it was kind of gross.  The price and quality of the happy hour is awesome.
5	Never had a bad thing here!!! Hummus trio is perfect for sharing or add chicken to make it a meal all your own!Lavosh Shawarma Wrap is another favorite of mine, I just ask them to add a smear of original hummus as well.
5	The food here is Amazing! It's always fresh and served quickly. The restaurant has a great atmosphere and is very clean.
4	I had never seen a burger like that before. It was a black bean burger except it was not processed ... Just cooked black bean corn and some hot sauce mixed together and placed between the buns. I really liked the concept!  We also had the pesto pizza with spinach mushrooms and tomatoes, which was also pretty good !
4	I like Pita Jungle, their menu will work with most moods that I or my dining peeps are in, the food is great.  My only complaint has been the noise level, it's hard to carry on a conversation in the resturant.
5	I love this place!! I could eat here almost every day. Service is always great with little wait times and the staff is very friendly.
5	My favorite weekend lunch spot. Go at least once a week.I love the coconut curry soup and spicy veggie wrap is outstanding.Always served fast by friendly staff.Love the place
5	Happy Hope (auto corrected hour but it fits)!   Rolled in at 9pm on a Thursday.   Great tapas deals to be had, including great prices on wine and beer.
4	Awesome hummus plates.... Especially the hummus with cilantro!!Awesome cauliflower app... I don't even like cauliflower but that app was amazing.My wrap was just ok.
5	I went here on my second date after watching Big Hero 6, It wasn't super packed, being that it was a Monday night. The place looked very nice, we sat outside. Our starter was the baba Ganoosh and the cilantro jelepano hummus, both which were good.   Our main meal was pitas, I got the falafel and my date got the gyro and just like the starters, they were very delicious, our dessert was the baklava sunde. The ice cream was alright but it was the baklava its self that was delicious. I will defiently be coming back here in the future
5	Always friendly and fast service with great recommendations from the kitchen. We're here 3-4 times a month!
1	Hummus had mold in it. I told the server, and he just asked if I wanted more of the moldy hummus :( The dolmas had no flavor. Tasted like they were soaked in water. So disgusting! The tahini roasted cauliflower was alright but bland. Though we did have some menu highlights, fresh tabouli and Tzaiki sauce, the food was not fresh and the kids running the restaurant do the bare minimum to "make it right". I doubt they actually make anything in house here. On top of this, the parking lot is a bit of a nightmare to navigate. Needless to say, too many good restaurants to come back to this yucky one. Will definitely pass in the future.P.S.- Bettina, not sure how to message you through the  Yelp app, but it was definitely not cilantro. It was an overwhelming musty flavor in the hummus that can't be mistaken for anything other than mold. I told the waiter thinking it was the pita originally. He offerefmd to get me more of the same kind, but I declined. He confirmed that none of the pita was made in-house, but offered to get me some of the other kind of pita instead (without the pocket), so I obliged. When I dipped it into the hummus, and it still tasted like mildew/must, according to both me and my mother, we deducted that it had to be the hummus that was the mold culprit.  I was just there 12/18 at about 1 pm, and we sat on the patio. My waiter was about 5'4, male, dark hair, thin build, kinda hipster looking. Hope you can look into this so it doesn't happen again. This experience was truely gross.
5	Hummus and Ahi Tuna. Doesn't get much better. Great service. Wonderful food. It's a bit noisy for my taste. But that just makes me talk louder!
4	I got the hummus with grilled chicken and the chicken shawarma.I like the shawarmas across the street at Greek wraps better.
5	What's not amazing about this place? The food is amazing, drinks, and servers are usually great. Had a less than pleasing server 1 of the 5,000 times we've been there so can't take off for that. They have alternatives for your less than adventurous friends. Try the Med. Chicken Pita-- one of my favorite dishes!
4	Food  was  great!   Lots of selections.  Went during lunch so the  only downside was that our  waitress was  really busy.
