5	If you love Indian Food you will love this place.  Its a brand new restaurant that everyone should try.  Its in a beautiful building with an amazing menu.I had the Tandoor Chicken Wings, Reshmi Kabob, and some cheese naan.  It was all amazing.  It was spicy but not over powering.  It was like my taste buds went to disneyland and didnt want to come backMy friend from india was also with me and she was glad to finally find an authentic Indian food restaurant in the north west part of town.So if you want to take you taste buds to disneyland too give Saffron a try
5	Long time lurker on yelp but finally writing my first review on a well deserving place.Beautifully decorated restaurant and very accommodating staff. The owner Raj recommended the Chicken Pakora appetizer for our 2 year old son since he can't handle anything spicy. It was so tasty that I had to refrain from eating his dinner. We ordered the Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Madras both extra spicy. Both entrees were fantastic but the Chicken Madras was the winner of the two and will be our staple dish every time we visit. The Garlic and Cheese Naan were a must to mop up every last drop of our entrees.They do have a lunch buffet which I look forward to trying many of their offerings. But I can see having dinner here on a regular basis. This is by far the best Indian restaurant in town.
5	Really great place. We had dinner there tonight and sadly had the place to ourselves. However, unlike a lot of places that just seem to "give up" when they don't have a lot of business on a particular night, the staff at Saffron seemed to be working extra hard for our approval! Our hostess/waitress was very friendly and accommodating, ensuring that we had everything we needed without hovering. The food was absolutely excellent as well. My husband had a lamb dish, which he ordered medium spicy, while I had the mattar paneer at no spice. Both of ours was delicious and seasoned perfectly. They don't seem to fall into the trap that "more spice = more flavor" that I have encountered at some places where a "5" actually equals "nuclear reactor in your mouth hot."  Now that I know they have a fine hand at spices, I may actually order a little heat next time! We also got the cheese naan, which I HIGHLY recommend! Tender, filled with just enough cheese to add flavor and texture without making it greasy. Their menu is just long enough to give you lots of options but not so long that it's overwhelming. It has a huge vegetarian section, with lots of choices for even the pickiest eater.  Long story short, we will be back! Hopefully next time it will be full to the rafters busy!
4	I do not like Indian food. That is, until I tried this place.  They changed my mind about the cuisine and I'm thankful for that!  Since this place is literally around the corner, I finally decided to give it a try one night while having nowhere else to go for dinner.  We walked in to a smoky restaurant, more than likely from the kitchen in the back.  It smells like spices in the air, which was a nice change from the exhaust smell outside.Their food is light, flavorful, and despite the small plates it comes on, the portions are deceivingly huge.  Their naan is beautiful, especially the garlic naan, which stole my heart and my stomach.  After several great dishes, from their chicken pakora appetizer -- crispy, light, and so darn good -- to beef kabob and chicken curry, the experience was an eye opener and a life changer for me.  I'm a fan of Indian food now, so long as I eat here and only here for the cuisine.  You must try it!
5	This is the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas to date. I'm so glad I found this place so close to home. My GF usually doesn't like Indian cuisine but this place was an exception. Order was: Chicken Tikka Boti Garlic Naan Cheese Naan Chicken Korma Lamb Kabob Tandoori Chicken Wings The Chicken Tikka Boti was my GF's favorite out of all these dishes. Mine was the Chicken Korma at level 5 spiciness, makes my mouth water just thinking about that creamy goodness. The Naan was perfect on both accounts. I love the flavor of those Tandoori Chicken Wings. The Lamb Kabob was perfectly spiced to where you could still appreciate the flavor of the meat. The service is great here and the prices are excellent. I'm so happy I was able to find another restaurant that has high quality food with more than reasonable prices. If you're looking for good Pakistani & Indian Halal Cuisine look no further.
3	First time trying indian food from a restarunt I am a huge fan of curries but this place was lacking.  Ordered the chicken masala if I remember right and was almost gritty because of seasoning.  Ordered the Chicken tikka and the saffron sampler and all the meat was cooked to death really dry.  Maybe I dont know what indian food should be like but the meat seemed way over cooked.  Also got the cheese naan that was great.
5	In a lonely, half-filled strip mall behind a McDonald's......  The sign, nearly missed, drew my attention one day on my way to work.  An Indian restaurant? Up here? Could it be?  Thoughts of culinary joy filtered into my mind and the "Curry-Plum Fairies" danced in my head.This was my second visit to Saffron. The first time, my friend and I ventured in and my love sensual decor did a delighted dance.  The walls are a warm, almost Tuscan texture, and the windows are hidden by a dalliance of lovely, transparent, red, gold, and emerald curtains. My friend and I shared the Butter Chicken and the Saffron clay oven platter. The butter chicken held pieces of tender, moist chicken in the most delicious, buttery, flavorful sauce over rice. The Saffron platter was a mix of chicken, shrimp, and Indian sausage slow cooked with tandoori spices in a clay oven.  We also ordered the garlic naan bread, which I thought was to die for.Today, I thought I'd try the lunch buffet since I had some time and wanted more than my fridge had to offer. The buffet is $11 and contained 8 dishes, salad, and yummy Indian sauces. I had the tandoori chicken wings, a vegetable samosa, spicy chicken curry, lamb curry, a lentil dish as well as two other vegetable dishes.  I am ashamed to admit that I am not fluent in the names of Indian dishes. (Maybe I'll tackle that in 2011)Along with the buffet came a basket of regular naan. I'm no expert of all breads Indian, but this bread was SO yummy.  Clearly just baked in a hot oven, the bread glistened with butter over it's hot bubbly dough.  It was savory with almost an undetectable hint of sweetness.All in all the food seemed authentic, not too spicy (and you know I like my spicy...), but in some cases I thought needed a smidge more salt.  Now, I probably like too much salt, so this may not deserve the elimination of a star.In the end the atmosphere is very nice, and the staff is friendly, attentive and genuinely concerned that your experience is a good one. If you're ready to venture away from your weekend trip to Applebee's, and want something that will tantalize your taste buds....  Head over to Saffron for some serious yum.
5	Great little place!! Husband and I stopped here for the lunch buffet on our way out of Las Vegas and I'm so glad we did. I'm Indian and thought the food was very good. Flavors were delicate and not overdone. They had interesting dishes on the buffet menu (corn+spinach curry, anyone?) and it was not super-heavy like Indian lunch buffets usually are. They bring hot, fresh, naan out to your table. Service was attentive and just right. Ambiance is a nice blend of Indian and Southwestern without overdoing either. We loved it so much that we stopped by again to pick up chicken biryani a few days later. It tasted more like chicken pulav, but was still very  good. Go find this place, you won't be disappointed!
4	what a great find!!!  thank you Yelpers!!i had a certificate for restaurant.com that was expiring and we wanted to try something different.  after bouncing between their site and here, we decided to give Saffron a try.  thank you to Whitney for posting the location behind the McDonalds; otherwise we might have missed it!we walk up toward their OPEN sign and get pointed to the door down tot he right.  why in the world would you put that sign next to doors you do not use?!?!?  anyway, we were told we could sit anywhere we wanted as we were the only ones there.  the young man was probalbly new because he could not answer a question about one of the naans.  no big deal.we started with the garlic naan, bullet naan, tandoori chicken wings, and the sampler.  both naans were very tasty and the wings were also very good. the sampler was also eaten pretty fast, even though it was a bit spicy; probably a 7 on a 1-10 scale.  we were not asked how spicey we wanted the sampler, but were asked for our entrees. everything was nice and tender.  everyone also loved the mango lassi; not too sweet but yummy.3 of us ordered the tikka mix (lamb, chicken, shrimp, but no fish as mentioned on the menu) and our 4th ordered the shrimp saag.  the tikka was very good (silly of us to get the sampler as an appetizer and the mix for the entree, but it was good stuff!).  very flavorful and nicely spiced.  the girls raved about the saag.prices were reasonable, portions were good, but service was a bit slow.  we'll have to go back and try more of the many items on the menu!
3	I thought I was in for a dining masterpiece after seeing the solid 5 stars on Yelp.  Unfortunately, my experience was a bit different than everyone else.The service was pretty bad for us.  We got our orders taken right away, and the food was pretty fast, but then we didn't see anyone again for quite some time.  Our mouths were burning from our food and we had no water.  And when I went looking for someone to fill our water, I couldn't even find anyone.  That's ridiculous!The food itself was OK, but not amazing.  Definitely overpriced.  If I hadn't have gotten a restaurant.com GC, I would have felt super ripped off.  As it is, I felt only a little ripped off.  I guess I'm spoiled, as I remember getting like 5 dishes for $35 at the Indian restaurant that closed on Decatur and Charleston.  Here, I barely got 2 dishes and an order of naan.It is the closest Indian place to me that I know of, so I may be back.  But I won't be running back.
4	It's easy to miss in its quiet little center, but my food eyes are vulter-ific and saw that a Indian place was coming soon to the neighborhood. We found they had a restaurant.com certificate and gave it a try. When we walked in we were greeted with spices wafting around which was definitely a inviting sign!They start you off with cilrantro and tamarind chutneys with papadam to nosh while you wait. BF has discovered Tikka so we decide to get their chicken tikka ($14) so he can try more of it and see a range. It was pretty nicely spiced and the chicken was tender.  I prefer a bit richer, almost creamy of a sauce, but that's just a preference that I tend to seek so this isn't my favorite version.Aloo Ghobi ($13)- cauliflower, potato and spices sauteed together. The cauliflower was cooked nicely- soft but still with a light bite and the spices were flavorful but not overpowering. They ask how spicy you want it from 1-10. We got a 2 and it doesn't really register any spicy at that point. We want most things no spice to mild since the BF can't eat too spicy. We also grabbed some garlic naan ($3) which was pretty good to go with the meal. Dishes comes with rice and they will refill it if you need more. For dessert, we got some gulab jamun ($5) which are fried milk dough balls that gets a bath in fragrant syrup and served warm. The syrup had a light gingery taste to it and the dough was good. There were two golf ball sized pieces and though they were tasty, $5 is not proportional to what you got.  $2.50 a ball is like grabbing a oreo sized cookie at Bouchon bakery in the Venetian and we ain't on the LV strip. Service was attentive and nice. We got our drinks and rice filled and we were checked on.Even though we were full from our dishes, for the price I feel it was a bit skimpy on the portions.  I think the restaurant.com certificate was a good way to try this place. Definitely though this area needs a place like this to bring us to more food and culture diversity so I appreciate when a new spot opens up that is something different. I'm curious about their lunch buffet. I'm with Rob on this one- probably coming back, but not running back for more.
5	Despite the fact that Saffron is a little far north for us to drive, a restaurant.com gift certificate combined with our love of Indian food convinced us to give it a try.We arrived at about 7PM on a Saturday and the place was deserted. We were the only customers. I worried about what the food would be like if no one else was here and if it was good, how the place would survive. By the end of our meal any worries were dispelled. The food was delicious and the place was packed with hardly an empty table.The meal began with some complimentary pappadums with the usual accompaniments of mint and tamarind chutneys.  We started with a serve of samosas which I initially thought looked a bit dense, but they turned out to be the most aromatic and delicious samosas I have eaten in Las Vegas and I found myself regretting not ordering a double serve.For our mains we split a paneer makhani, my wife had shahi paneer and I had chicken tikka masala.My tikka masala was delicious, although it was a bit different to other tikka masalas I have had in the past, having a bit of a vindaloo flavour. I initially thought they might have mixed up my order, but the chicken was definitely tikka with clear skewer holes in the meat. Either way, it was absolutely divine.My wife absolutely loved her shahi paneer and when I helped myself to some and plenty of the ample gravy I agreed. Very rich and nutty and perfect fodder for the delicious serves of garlic and plain naan we ordered with our meal.The paneer makhani was also very good, although I found it just a touch runny when compared to the wonderful consistency of the shahi dish. If I had ordered it on its own I would have been more than satisfied, but next time if we split a dish I think I'll try some sort of kofta and see how that is.The restaurant itself is really attractive and welcoming. When I read other reviews that said it was in a "Strip mall" I had visions of a grotty row of shops with some cheesy red and green neon, but the place looks really classy and the "strip mall" looks more like a business park and is only brought down slightly by the presence of a honking great McDonald's out front.Service was great and friendly. Water was refilled promptly and they did well handling the sudden influx of crowds.Prices were decent. I would say the main dishes were a couple of bucks more expensive than your average Indian restaurant and appetizers were a dollar or two cheaper than average, so if you're ordering a bit of everything it should work out about even.Saffron Flavors of India is a great addition to a growing list of quality Indian establishments in Las Vegas. It's of the highest quality and ranks among the very best, to the point where the thirty to forty minute drive from home won't daunt us in our future dining decisions. We will definitely be back.
5	Saffron Flavors of India, not to be confused with plain old Saffron on East DI, is the first Indian Chinese fusion restaurant I've seen. Though traditional dishes found on the menus of most Indian restaurants make up the bulk of the menu, some interesting plates catch your attention immediately. One dish that sounded particularly enticing to us was the Paneer Chili ($7), an appetizer of homemade, mild Indian cheese dressed in a sweet and sour sauce with green peppers and onions. I know it sounds strange, but it was actually quite successful. The sauce wasn't sickeningly sweet and artificial tasting as sweet and sour often can be, and we loved tasting Chinese flavors in a dish that actually had some heat.Non-fusion dishes were just as successful. The sauce of the lamb rogan josh ($15) was a deep brick red and flavor-PACKED, letting you know someone loved it for awhile. My mushroom and sweet corn masala ($13) was served in a sauce that was equally complex and flavorful, yet I was disappointed to see that canned mushrooms were used. The sauce was so incredible, however, I really didn't mind at all. Anyone who can make canned mushrooms taste so good gets a big culinary thumbs up from me. I also enjoyed the addition of corn, which replaced the more common peas found in many Indian mushroom dishes.Fun little extras included a superb raita with crunchy chunks of cucumber and crispy onion pakora. If you love onion rings, the latter is a must try. We also loved the bullet naan ($5), a flatbread stuffed with cheese, potatoes, chickpeas, onion, cilantro, and green chilies. It made me think this restaurant could do well as the first Indian pizza joint.Sadly, I fear this restaurant may not survive due to it's location. It's actually fairly easy to get to as it is right off the 95 at Craig, but the new strip center it's in is dead with no signs of budding life. I hate seeing these mom and pop's dissolve - R.I.P Taqueria Los Parados and Vegas Cafe.I hope I can entice you to go by mentioning that restaurant.com is currently offering certificates valid for dinner only. Today they have 60% off for St. Patty's Day with the code LUCKY, but if you sign up for their updates they offer discounts just as deep nearly every week. You can also same money by taking advantage of their great lunch buffet. The number of items is limited, but it's a bargain at just $8.99.
5	I had thought that I had already reviewed this great restaurant, but I guess I haven't. I greatly recommend it. I would also like to point out though, as I have sadly come to realize twice in the past couple of months, that the restaurant is closed (Not for good I might add);  it seems due to a family emergency. I'm sure I, or someone else on here, will update when they open back up. I can't wait.
4	Rolled over there for the first time (06/12/2011) and it was closed up, with a note on the door saying the chef was out-of-country due to a family emergency. However, they will be back!Major bummer for me, but I give them stars for the note, the positive reviews, and good wishes for the chef (and his kin).
4	We just happened to call them for carry out because we wanted Indian food and they were the closest one to us. I didn't know it was there first re-opening night and oh what a treat! My husband had the lamb vindaloo and I had the lamb korma  with both garlic and plain naan bread. The entire meal was amazing!! They were busy but the bartender --Britney-- was super nice and talked to me while i waited. We will be going back again, but this time to sit and dine.
5	The restaurant just re-open and is doing better than ever! I had the Paneer Chilli, Butter Chicken, and the Garlic Naan and everything was cooked to perfection!!!! I love this restaurant! The restaurant has the perfect Indian ambiance and very authentic food. Most people are scared to try new things but I recommend this place for everyone! The menu is so vast that there is something for everyone here. Oh and I almost forgot! The BEST thing about the whole restaurant is the service!!!!!!! The smiles and great conversation seals the deal! They make me feel right at home. :)
4	Really happy that they opened back up so I could finally try them. My mother and I went for dinner on a Friday night around 6 p.m. The establishment is divided into two areas. There is a bar on one side and on the other side is the dining area. There were a few tables occupied but not busy yet. Two very cheerful servers greeted us and after being seated asked if we had any questions.Everything on the menu is ala cart so it can be pricey. They brought us a basket of papadum and couple of chutneys. The green chutney was my favorite, while the red was a little too sour for my taste. We started off with two mango lassis and paneer pakora. My go-to drink at any Indian restaurant is mango lassi. I can usually down 2-4 of them during the course of a good meal. These did not disappoint; nice and creamy with just the right amount of sweetness and perfectly smooth. The paneer pakora was huge. Not really that used to appetizers at an Indian restaurant being that big. We were going to get full before the meal came. The pakora was crispy and brown and we also spread the chutneys that came with the papadum on them. The paneer has a bit of a nutty flavor and is sort of the consistency of very firm tofu.For entrees we ordered Butter Chicken, Tandoori Chicken and Kadai Ghosht. The Butter Chicken was good, I got it at spicy level 5. Was not to enthused about mom's Tandoori Chicken. It came out all sizzling and hot on the plate but the piece I had was flavorful but dry. Mom said I must have picked the only dry piece on the plate since her's were pretty juicy. I think my favorite dish was the Kadai Ghosht. It is a lamb curry with onions garlic and ginger. It was very tender and succulent and the flavor was out of this world. We also had panner naan (good) and garlic naan (very garlicky so very good) as well as they served us a small dish of basmati rice to share between us.Now as far as the service goes, it's the type of service I expected. I don't think I have ever been to an Indian restaurant were the servers are snappy. They are not bad but if you are expecting to be in and out the you are out of luck. They were very cheerful and quite helpful. Our server was a bit too eager to clear our plates away (even when we hadn't finished yet.) I was a bit alarmed to hear a server recommend to a family a vindaloo when they asked what was a good dish that was not spicy. But considering they go on a 1 to 10 spice level for every dish I suppose that was okay?
5	Ordered the Paneer Tikka Masala, Shrimp Saag, and Tandoori Chicken and they all tasted so good!  I highly recommend saving room for dessert and trying their Pista Kulfi...so rich and yummy!
5	The best Indian food I've had yet!! Hidden in a little corner on Craig and Tenaya... My boyfriend always told me about this place, but it had temporarily closed down due to the cook having to go back to India. I saw the reviews on here yesterday that it had reopened and I called to confirm. We went last night.  They are only open for dinner hours until they get their clientele back up.Soooo, for dinner we had the following -Shrimp KormaRogan Ghoshtand the mixed Tikka PlatterWe had everything on a 7 spice level, and it was perfect. Everything was delicious and I cannot wait to go back again.
5	Oh, my Jesus this was EXCELLENT!As soon as we walked in I could smell the aromas and fell in love immediately!  I have never had Indian food that was so good!  The hubby DREADS Indian but decided to spoil me.  He was definitely surprised.  This is the only Indian restaurant/food he has EVER liked!Bad first impression:  The waitress was a little off.  There were 5 of us.  She looked around and told us that we had to wait for a table to open.  (Hmn, but there were 6 open tables...)  Another guy came by after a few minutes, pushed two tables together and seated us.  YAY!  .....10-15 minutes go by...no menus, no water, no waitress or waiter...a couple of more minutes and the waitress brings us some pakora and water......................no menus.  WTH?!  (I really wanted  to try this food...otherwise we would've be out after 10 minutes of waiting.)  So, we flag her down and request menus.  It was smooth sailing after that.  And boy was it worth the hassle.If I could afford to go a few times a week I would.  I was craving this as soon as I woke up and again tonight.  A la carte meals are $15 on average and they're not big.  =(  Not a good match for a food lover on a budget.
5	My hubby and I were craving Indian food tonight so we went to Saffron.  We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Korma, Veg. Samosas and the plain nan.  We eat at Saffron about once a week but the food was especially excellent tonight.
1	I got food poisoning from this restaurant, I would not recommend this place to ANYONE. DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE GOOD REVIEWS! This place is also pretty pricey.
5	This is the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas!I have been before and after the hiatus, and everything I have tried has been nothing short of amazing. The vegetable biryani is fantastic-not overly greasy, and incredibly fragrant. I ordered it "10 spicy" and it was a religious experience. The dal makhani is also delicious. Rich and creamy, but not overly so, as this dish can sometimes be. The naan is always hot, fresh, and fluffy. The environment is inviting, and the staff is very accommodating.Pro-tip: take a date and sit in the romantic, more private section. So pretty!Spend the extra few dollars a dish (compared to the average Indian restaurant) for an experience that is amazing!
5	I will definitely go back to this place.  Before Saffron, I have been to only 3 Indian restaurants which disappointed me enough to be wary of the cuisine altogether.  I am so glad my husband took me here for 'something different'.  Walked in, had a saffron martini drop (an original creation), and decided, yup, this is gonna be goood! appetizer:chili chicken 5/10 spice: Wow.  Bread basket:  garlic and cheese naan:  my son scarfed that down. Had chicken tikka masala and lamb masala: yum.  Staff were very nice, restroom was clean.  A bit of a drive from the strip, but from this experience, was well worth it.
5	My son and daughter-in-law ate there last night for her birthday with a 2 for 1 coupon we got in the mail and they loved it and the portions were big enough that they were full and had left over to take home.Don,t ask me what they ordered but they said it was spicy but not to spicy like they experienced in other Indian restaurants.
4	The food is great but the hours are terrible.I finally got a chance to go here after work.  My 3rd attempt. I tried a couple more times for lunch but they weren't open.  I wasn't in the mood for curry, so I had me some Chicken Tikka. I was thinkin some veggies so I got Kachumber salad too. The server suggested Garlic Naan also. So when all the food came out, I get embarrassed.  The portions were huge that the cook came out to move another table next to mine. I did the best I could but Man vs Food, I am not. I had enough leftover for the next day.  My advise: bring a friend you wanna impress.I'd come back... when they're open
1	Save yourself a trip! Management was very rude to us after my 5 year old son got severly ill from their chicken dish, apparently the waitress could not tell us what was in the sauce and we had to run out of the restaurant and was severely ill all weekend from the food they served. I will not go back to this restaurant and do not recommend.
5	Round 2 for Saffron Flavors of India.  (Why has it taken so long if it's so good, you ask?  Because I'm on a damn budget.)We (2 of us) were seated immediately WITH menus this time.  That sure made ordering food a lot quicker.  I think it helped that our waitress was not the same and knew how to waitress.Had the Bullet Nan, Saffron Platter, and Goan Fish.  Absolutely loved the Goan Fish and Bullet Nan.  Saffron Platter was ok.  I would've tried some other items but $45 on those 3 (small portions) and a coke...I'll save up for next time.Damn, y u gotta be so 'spencers!
5	After a long hard day of fieldwork, I stopped in to Saffron on my way back to the hotel to pick up a to-go order. The chef graciously took my order even though they were closed at the time (3:45 pm). Back at the hotel, I eagerly dove into my Kadai Chicken - boneless chicken in a sauce of I don't quite know what but it was delicious! Slivers of ginger and surprise pops of coriander seed....YUM!  I inhaled it with my Aloo Naan, and was in heaven. Now I am in a food coma, but I will definitely come back here for a proper dinner the next time I am in Las Vegas.
5	My hubby and I just did take out from Saffron.  We have a ritual where we share an Indian beer and an ap at the restaurant and take the rest home.  Tonight the food was particularly on.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was perfect, the Veg Korma was right on, and the veg Samosas were pretty great as well.  This is the best Indian restaurant in Vegas and I could eat it every week.
4	Yay! I'm a fan.So I was going home from this side of town, and I desired a bit of good eats to arrive home with.  Here's a shout-out to Yelp for leading me to this place.  I never would have stumbled across this tucked away place otherwise.Even if I happened upon this establishment, I'm not even sure I would have guessed it to offer take-out.  There's enough class inside that I actually asked if they even did, and soon found out I would be one of three doing the same.  There is a separate dining area from the bar, but from the passersby, I guess it to have accommodated them nicely.  The bar area seems to have a full compliment, and the tender definitely seemed to know his way around it (not that I sampled).  I sat at one of the few bar tables and watched the television they had up.  I was very kindly offered water or soda while I waited for my order; a first for me when getting take-out.After perusing the entire dinner menu, I settled on the Chicken Tikka Masala -- caught my eye as it brings together the joys of the tandoor (grill/oven) with curry.  Luckily the dish comes with rice, as you really don't get a lot for the money here.  What you do get is quality over quantity, but I'm a fan of both.  I was asked on a scale of 1 to 10 how spicy I wanted it.  After discussion that I'm a fan of a little heat, we concluded that I should try an 8.  Well, the 8 tickled some, and it was flavorful -- not just spicy for its own sake.  It certainly carried the graceful interplay of spices and textures of good Indian food.  It had an acceptable amount of chicken that was cooked to perfection.  Delish it was most definitely.
5	First timer, and now we will be back as often as we can! I never had Indian food ever and the server was very nice and helped me figure out what may like, she did great! The heat index was perfect and I love the flavors with the all the dishes we had. The bar was nice, the tables nicely laid out and the staff was very pleasant.
5	I love these flavors! Cheap it is not but quality it is!  Top notch.  Spring rolls were fried but super tasty. The Begay Korea with tofu was sublime. Rice basmati was fluffy and light. Extra order is 5 dollars but needed if you want enough rice to have rice with your second helping that you will not be able to resist.   The garlic nann is perfectly done, next time I will add cheese to the naan for extra goodness.   Also had the beef shank Indian style , it was insane.  I bet every dish here is good.   Try the tikka chip everyone was ordering it.   Enjoy 5 star at 3 to4 star prices we had 3drinks and it was 55 but would have been 30 without alcohol.  They do take out too!   Loved it all bravo!!!!!
5	Raj and Ritesh, thank you for a great Indian restaurant in the Northwest. If you love real authentic Indian food you have to give Saffron a try. My wife and I love it!
5	By far the best Indian restaurant in Vegas. They went away for awhile and I swear I was in withdrawals. Me and the Girlfriend love this place and the owner is just great, we came out one day and they weren't open but the chef was cooking and he cooked for us as well. Not only great food but great owner and a great chef as well.our favorites:Garlic Naan we always get like 3 orders of this its so goodChicken Tikki Masalalamb VindooloButter ChickenAll of these and everything else they have you will love!! Definitely worthwhileThe only thing is that they need to get the takeout menu back up so i can get it for lunch regularly!!!
3	Wow, for all the great reviews, no one seems to mention that the food amount-to-price ratio is off the charts.  You're going to spend a lot for a little.  Having said that, the food is tasty.  Our waitress seemed like a new summer, high school hire so we didn't feel too much love from her and it took a bit to get her attention even though we were the first group in the dining room and eventually only one of two groups there (who made the same quizzical look at the food when it arrived, based on its small size.)Again, I don't mind spending a bunch for great food, but a small bowl for over $15 seems steep even in Vegas (and this is no where near the Strip.)  And that bowl was advertised to serve two (ha!)
5	The Best Indian food I have eaten in Las Vegas!
4	Very good Indian food with a wide selection including more traditional dishes I wasn't familiar with. It is a small restaurant but always seems busy without being packed. Service was attentive. A little pricey (e.g. Chicken curry dishes were $14) but overall very good.
4	Decided to visit this place during a weekend getaway to Vegas after seeing reviews on yelp and trip advisor. Food: Tastes great (we had Chicken Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken, Chili Shrimp), Spiced to taste, smaller portions (one entry feeds 1 adult), garlic naan was excellent (kids swore it was the best they've ever had), the fact that they had Indo Chinese choices was a huge plus as well. Only con was the dessert (they lost a star for this)- Gulab Jamun was not good at all, and they still charged us for it even though I said it wasn't edible. They serve it cold, and the insides were rock hard. Overall, this was the best Indian food I've had in a very long time.Decor: Elegant, nothing too fancy, but tasteful. In a quiet, residential area.Service: Very friendly, at times a tad slow, not too sure who our server was, at times it was a guy, at times it was the hostess who was quite nice.Cost: A little pricey (~ $15/entree). Bill for 2 adults and 2 kids was ~ $100 without drinks.
5	This Indian restaurant is a gem and is definitely worth visiting, especially if you live in the NW part of the valley.  I took my family and my sister's family from California and all seven of us absolutely loved the dining experience.  We started off with vegetable samosas, which were full of potatoes, peas, and maybe some carrots.  While the pastry could have been a tad thinner and lighter, it was delicious nevertheless.  For $5, we got two large samosas.For our main course, we ordered chicken tikka masala, chana (chick peas) masala, tandoori chicken, garlic naan, chili fish, and garlic shrimp.  The last two items were part of the Indo-Chinese section of the menu.  Every one of the dishes was well-prepared, nicely presented, and very flavorful.   The restaurant was clean and spacious with ample parking.  I have been to 8 or 9 different Indian restaurants in Las Vegas and this one is one of the best.
3	I wish I had a better experience at his place, because I normally like Indian food. Maybe also we ordered the wrong item, but it just wasn't 4 or 5 stars for me. We went there on a Thursday I think in the afternoon and we were the only people in the restaurant. Nothing to complain about the service. We ended up ordering the combination platter to share. The selection of meats on the platter was very good, but I felt like something was missing. The platter didn't come with any sides or sauces. We ordered the garlic nan on the side, but everything was very dry and hard to swallow. I wish the dish came with rice and a sauce or something like that, especially for the price they were charging. Prices are pretty high in my opinion but I think I will go back if I get a chance and try and order one of their saucy dishes. This first experience left me very unsatisfied but I'm willing to give the restaurant another chance.
5	This place is awesome!!!! Highly recommend! The chicken chili appetizer at an 8 with the garlic naan - unbelieveable! Thanks yelp for recommending this place!
3	Great flavors. But beware - if you're looking for spicy, you're gonna have to beg. We ordered 2 dishes at an 8 level (one was a Vindaloo!) and both were very bland. The other problem is service: nice, but incredibly stupid waitresses! Our bottle of wine was dropped off with our 2 glasses but never poured. We poured every single time! Also,the server never checked to see how our food was until we were totally done & flagged her down for a check. She was surprised that we weren't happy with the spiciness - hello, why didn't you ask?! Also, even after she brought the cc receipt, she still didn't clear our plates. Yuck! But we'll come back for takeout; just will ask for a 10 or Indian hot.
4	Ok, so me and the Mrs. had a hankering for some good Indian food and Saffron delivered big time! We had a few different naan's, Aloo Gobi and a rajma. All were fantastic. The staff was friendly. We did take-out so I am not sure how the service is for dine in, however the dining room was fairly full so I would venture to say the service is good.Anyone on this side of town would do well to give Saffron a shot.
4	We were missing our favorite place in SD, did a yelp search and came up with Saffron.  It was really close so we decided to give it a try.  It's in a quiet strip mall so parking is plentiful, although at first we saw it as a red flag, we quickly decided that wasn't the case.The ambiance is a little off.  You walk into a really brightly lit bar area, with no recognizable hostess station.  Although we were greeted quickly and with a big smile from the bartender and were passed off to a hostess who seated us immediately.  Here's where I do not really know how to express myself well.  Everyone was happy and helpful, the place is bright and cheery, but something is off.  I think the tables are as welcoming and maybe the place has TOO much lighting.  Sort of reminded me of a cafeteria that had been dressed up with some bright colors and lot's of curtains.The important part the food, was AWESOME.  We ordered chicken samosas and chicken pankora's to start with.  Both were excellent.  We especially enjoyed the samosas.  The chicken meat was ground and mixed with wonderful spices, very very tasty.  For dinner we ordered lamb vindaloo and chicken masala tandoori.  Again both plates were fantastic especially with the garlic naan we ordered.We really enjoyed our dinner and the staff was very attentive, we never wanted for anything.  I would like to see the ambiance set up better for dinner, something less bright and maybe a little more intimate.
5	This review is for the lunch buffet.  Why 5 stars?Not only is it an excellent value for the money, but everything is fresh and delicious.  I am not an Indian food guy, so I don't know how authentic it is or how it compares to others...But I will tell you, it will be hard finding a better way to spend the same money for lunch!  The garlic naan bread was amazing...we ordered two baskets for the table and it was devoured quickly.  Some of the best "bread" that I have had....so so good.I liked most of the dishes I tired, but a few of the meat dishes stood out, and were great to eat with the accompanying dipping sauces.  A few times the serving food went empty since it was very busy, but that meant fresh food was coming out within minutes.Only bad thing....they were really busy...and it didn't look like their was much help on the floor.  The poor guy was literally running around in circles and was forgetting refills and pulling plates, but that was hardly enough for me to drop the review down a notch since it didn't ruin or affect our lunch here too much.I will be back again.  I say go for it, especially if you live on this side of town!
3	Saffron's lunch buffet is just OK. High points: very good value, AWESOME garlic naan. Low points: Very small selection, and when we were there we were the only customers and so the food was never refreshed.The service was good, but I would expect that considering we were alone in the restaurant! I would've liked to see a few more selections... there was saag paneer, a chicken dish, fish curry and I believe a veggie curry, accompanied by some onion pakora and fried chicken strips. Nothing was BAD but nothing blew my mind, either.I still have yet to find a Vegas Indian buffet that I like better than Mint!
5	I never had Indian food before visiting Saffron. After meeting the owner, Raj, on my first visit, he was very helpful in menu selections and really cared about our liking what he suggested for dinner.We have been back several times since and have always had great food and great service.I would recommend this restaurant to everyone! Thank you Raj for a great experience and even greater food :-)
4	Great food. Warning, the spice level is 1-10 I had a 5 thinking it would be med, I was wrong it was pretty spicy, can't imagine a 10. Some have said it's pricey, but I didn't think it was any more expansive then going to Chilies or Outback. If you want good food your going to pay for it.
4	On a whim, since we were in the area, we thought we would give this place a try. Oh man, I am glad that we did!! It was D-licious!! The hubby ordered the chicken J (don't remember how to spell the rest of it; and I ordered something that wasn't even on the menu, but they were more than happy to make it for me. They had a shrimp korma, but I wanted chicken instead. We both had our meals a spicy #5 out of 10. It was goooooood. It was spicy enough for me and I love things spicy. Also, if you check into Yelp while dining, you get a 10% discount. Check it out!
4	Tried Saffron Flavors of India for takeaway dinner on a whim and came away very impressed. The food was excellent. Small thing, for me, when I arrived on time for pickup the food wasn't ready. Another takeaway customer arrived and had the same problem. They've got some timing issues, but I was able to easily overlook that by the quality of the food, which is for sure the best available in Las Vegas (and I've tried just about all of them).While I waited for my food I noticed the restaurant looked great. A large, fully-stocked bar and a comfortable, modern dining room. For me, Saffron is a little out of the way, but I'm happy to overlook that too for their excellent food. Glad to have found it.
5	Wow, what a great restaurant!  Let's start with the tandoori chicken.  Often a dry, if tartly tasty, disappointment, an afterthought in the vegetarian marvelousness that is Indian food in general.  Here, though, it was richly flavorful, moist and yielding -- seriously, the best I have ever had.  The people raving about the garlic naan bread are absolutely right -- fresh-baked, with just the right level of browned bottom.The service was very pleasant -- maybe a bit over-attentive, because we arrived at a slow time.  That's a shame, because quite honestly, this restaurant should never have any slow times.The decor is lovely -- draped curtains, mellow, classy atmosphere.  It's not a hole-in-the-wall by any means.  Overall, an outstanding restaurant, and I hope it catches on soon.
5	Saffron Flavors of India gets 5 stars for customer service and amazing food.  On a whim, I stopped in to see about take out, they didn't have any menus but offered to email one to me!  The restaurant is on the way home, so I can call in the order and it is ready by the time I get there.The food is always delicious and I have a weekly craving for the naan!  I really need to try out the lunch buffet sometime....
3	Stopped in for the $12 lunch buffet. Should have arrived earlier than 1:15 pm, as many of the dishes needed refilling and were somewhat slow to refill. I chalk this up to a possible combination of the fact that it was almost 2 hours into their 3 hour buffet window, and that the dining area was maybe half full.The buffet itself featured a small but nice selection. I tried the following:- rice- chick peas in a cheese/curry sauce (mattar paneer?)- lamb masala- fish curry- orange chicken- onion pakora (onion strips fried in a chick pea batter)- garlic naanThere was another chicken dish, but it was never refilled so I did not get to try it.Their best dishes were the garlic naan, which was pretty great, and the fish curry, which was tasty but could have had more of a kick to the curry. The rest were somewhat above-average.The service was good and the atmosphere was nice - understated decor with some soft Indian background music.I give it 3 stars overall because I enjoyed the food, despite the small selection and slow refilling. The nature of a buffet greatly limits the degree of the spice/heat in the food, so I can't judge them on the spice level (or lack thereof). It was a pleasant lunch, but I'll have to try some regular dishes before I can render a more definitive verdict.
5	Went on a Tuesday night and the place was almost empty, too bad for the missing customers as this place is great.  Ordered two apps, then the mixed grill, the chicken biryani and the shrimp vindaloo along with bullet and garlic naan.  The portion size on the biryani is immense, tasty as well.  My wife enjoyed the mixed grill, especially the tandoori chicken.  I ordered the shrimp vindaloo with a 9/10 spice index and it certainy packed a punch.  I really wish they offered chicken vindaloo as well, maybe in the future.  The bullet naan is something special and the garlic naan did not disappoint.  Service was very good to begin with, but got a little slow near the end of the meal.  We had to wait a bit for to-go boxes for the leftovers.  Overall, very good food and good service, we will be back.
2	The Skinny: came in for their $12 lunch buffet and was greatly disappointed with the lack of selection and the quality of some of the items... for f*(k's sake they f^&ked up kheer (2) service was good - nothing special though (3) value: given the plethora of Indian restaurants offering buffets in the valley, this one ranks poorly with regards to price, selection and quality (2).Came in because we'd heard they were starting to do lunch buffets. Add the recent promotion of $2 off, we were psyched to try it out especially when it's a lot closer to our neck of the woods.I was really surprised by the lack of selection available considering the price. For $12, there were 8 hot items (including rice) with a small salad/fruit bar and kheer.But this would be okay if the food was fantastic across the board. However it missed the mark. Of all of the dishes, the standout was the Goan Fish Curry. The fish had a lovely texture while the curry was wonderfully mellow. However, you were pretty much dumpster diving to look for pieces of fish in the curry. Other than that, everything else was okay (lamb masala, chana masala, paneer masala) to not-so-great.Of the not so great items was the dal (bland), the orange chicken (soggy, overly sweet --- I'm not sure how this fits in with everything else - this s*(t is about as American as apple pie), and the kheer. I have to take a minute about how they messed up the kheer. Not only did they cheap out on the rice (they used some sort of long grain instead of basmati), they may have used leftover rice to make it with the rather large clumps of rice emerging from the pudding. If you stirred the rice while you were cooking it, this doesn't happen. In addition, the rice was undercooked and hard. Plus you don't even get that hit nice hit of cardamom at all.  Bleh. Major turn off. The garlic naan came to the table nice and hot and flavourful. However texturally, it was a little too hard, a little too doughy and not enough flakiness. Sporting a tomato chutney, an unpleasantly weak mint chutney (where's the mango chutney?) and a rather watery raita, I was disappointed by the lack of pickles and other condiments normally seen at other places.Given the plehtora of places available in the valley that offer better selection, better quality and overall better prices, I'd skip this place for the lunch buffet. 2 starred review.
4	Stopped by for lunch with a few coworkers to get additional opinions and to order something off the menu with some kick to the spice level. The other three (one of whom had never eaten Indian food, none of whom had been here before) ordered the lunch buffet, and I ordered the Chicken Madras (chicken cooked in Madras curry) at 8/10 level heat.I was very pleased with the Chicken Madras. A nice blend of flavors - savory, spicy, a bit of sweetness - combined with a pleasingly spicy kick that complemented the flavors rather than overwhelming them. The naan (we had one basket of regular, one basket of garlic) was excellent as well, served warm, crispy, and chewy.Everyone enjoyed their food, and the other fan of spicy foods also liked the bit of Chicken Madras she tried, finding it spicy-flavorful but not overpowering.Service was prompt and courteous, and the overall experience went well.Given my second experience here, I'm bumping my score up to a 4/5.
4	I don't get over to the w side too often, but decided to go out of my way to try this place after spending a morning working @ Red Rock casino recently. No complaints about value- $12 lunch buffet in this town's pretty much the standard.Pretty decent # of items offered too. Specifically, chicken tikka & korma, saag paneer, aloo ghobi, garlic naan were all good. I'll be back...
2	I've visited this establishment twice, once for dinner and more recently for their reopened lunch buffet. For dinner, the food was okay, but the service was severely lacking. It took forever (about 2 hours total) to order our food, get water and refills, get our food and finally pay our check. The butter chicken was so-so. The aloo gobi even less remarkable. The 2 kinds of naan were too doughy. Despite this mediocre experience, I was willing to give their lunch buffet a try, especially since the wifey was curious to experience their cuisine. What a mistake that was... First of all, the price of $11.99 is at the high end for Indian lunch buffets, and this place is the exception to the rule that you get what you pay for. The selection and quality was downright pathetic and frankly embarassing. Ok, to be fair, it was still better than our abysmal experience at Sherpa House (in Golden, CO) but that is setting the bar extremely low. There were a whopping total of 8 hot trays consisting of items such as onion "pakora" (basically onion ring fragments), orange chicken, daal, chana masala, goan fish curry, lamb curry, paneer masala, and (non-Basmati) rice. There was also a small salad bar section and kheer. There was a surprising lack of classic staples such as mango chutney, samosas, Tandoori chicken, any kind of chicken curry, or saag. Although we enjoyed the fish curry, it could not make up for the lack of selection and quality of the rest of items. The garlic naan was so-so. It was simultaneously too doughy yet too hard and dry on the bottom. The kheer was the worst we've ever had. It lacked cardamom flavor and contained numerous clumps of rice. At least this time around, the service was half decent. The only other mitigating factor was they were running a $2 off promotion, although we had to specifically ask for the discount to be applied. That being said, the fact that this place garners stellar reviews is a real head scratcher. Perhaps, restaurants located in the (relative) boonies are held to a lower standard. Who knows? As for me, when I rate a restaurant, I don't care where a restaurant is located. The food is either good or it isn't. It's either a good value or it isn't. Unfortunately, this place is neither.
4	Curry in a hurry!!!!Delish!So wonderful and tasty and spicy. I love it here.
4	Saffron is an awesome restaurant. They feature a particularly rare branch of Indian food-Indian Chinese. It is impossible to find Indian Chinese food, let alone GOOD Indian Chinese food. I had the chili paneer; it was LIFE-CHANGING. It was fantastic. I just wish this place was so out of the way, otherwise I'd be way more often. SO GOOD! They have other Indian options too, but trust me, try the Indian Chinese food!
4	I went yesterday, Saturday, to their buffet.  It is not a big buffet but it was very good and had a variety of choices.  The Tandoori Chicken Wings were Out Of This World GREAT! And, the curry dishes were very good.  I even tried one called Goon Fish Curry and it was probably the best of all.  Very good curry dish and the fish was very tasty. You can get regular or garlic naan bread with your buffet... I got the garlic and it was really good, hot and fresh. The place is very nice and clean. I went once on a weekday and once on Saturday.  The buffet is on Wednesday through Saturday and the weekday wasn't very busy but there was a nice crowd on Saturday.I will definitely be back!
4	Tandoori chicken and shrimp vindaloo is what I got there 15 and 16 dollars. Tandoori had about 6 med pieces chicken level 5 spicy and it was SPICY! The shrimp vindaloo was a good big portion recommend if in the mood for shrimp and balsamic rice. If you want Indian food it is really good but pricey.
5	Love Saffron, Raj and the team, the food is amazing, the freshness and quality is very good.  Highly recommend!
3	Our quest to find the best Indian lunch buffet in Vegas continues!Protip: This isn't it.My wife and I had been here for dinner before and it was actually quite tasty. So we trucked all the way up to Craig on a weekday afternoon to try the buffet, and sadly, it didn't live up to our expectations based on dinner service.The naan was still amazing, but the buffet selection was downright paltry. My firang side was pleased with the usual chicken tikka and pakora but I come to a lunch buffet to try a variety of different things.If Saffron would devote more space and effort to the lunch buffet instead of cramming a small selection into a tiny alcove, it would be worth a return visit. The food quality is actually very good but the limited selection just kills it for me.
2	Oh saffron what have you done. Ok firstly I have been going to saffron since they opened at their new location on craig. I like there lunch buffet but sadly I'm giving a bad review not because of the food but because of the lack of food during my last visit. I went in on Feb 14th at 2 pm I was seated quickly like I always am. We went to get some food and noticed almost everything was out. I assumed they would still be cooking since they closed at 2:30 and they usually just cook small portions and refill the food. However after 10 minutes I noticed that they weren't bringing anything out. I asked the server first about my water since I never got one then about the food. He said we're closing so no more food is cooking. I asked why no one would tell me this when I sat down and the server repeated that they close at 2:30. He said he would ask if anything else could be cooked and came back again stating they close at 2:30. I can't believe that after coming so often to eat that they wouldn't have the courtesy of letting me know that I would be paying full price for 6 pieces of cut up chicken and some rice. Maybe they should institute a last call or something of that nature. I actually loved coming here for lunch but ever since this happened I have been driving past saffron to go to Mt. Everest, Mint or Namaste depending on my mood.P.S please bring back the tandoori chicken to the lunch buffet. I am pretty sure this is the only lunch buffet in Vegas that doesn't have tandoori chicken available.
5	I am going to give Saffron Flavors of India a rare five stars from me tonight because quite honestly, I have nothing negative to say. A few weeks ago told a different story. I had a craving for curry on a Monday night but Saffron is closed on Monday. I did not know this until after I tried three doors before seeing their hours posted on the first door revisited. I was frustrated. Today, though, is Wednesday and Saffron is open.  I parked at about 5:45 in an open and empty lot. As I approached, a man opened the door and warmly welcomed me in. Good impression number one. I was seated immediately as the restaurant was mostly empty much to my surprise. When I was seated I noticed the strong aroma of the many exotic spices I would be enjoying shortly. I also noticed the Indian music lending itself to a comforting and authentic dining experience. Good impression number two. Within less than a minute of being seated I was brought a glass of water, a food menu, a wine menu, a basket of crispy flat bread stuff (apologies for not knowing the true name), and two sauces. A mint sauce and a tamarind sauce. The latter of the two sauces was my favorite. I took a few minutes to familiarize myself with the menu. I settled upon Palak Chicken and a side of Garlic Naan.  The naan came out quickly and was absolutely delicious. It was hot, crisp, and chewy with plenty of minced garlic on top. A few minutes later my Palak Chicken came out in a hot bowl and accompanied with    long grain rice in a separate bowl. The Palak was a brilliant green from the spinach. It was topped with cream and a sprig of cilantro. A beautiful presentation to be sure. I had trouble finding the chicken until I spooned it on to my plate. It was there hiding out amongst the spinach base. It was not the most tender chicken I have had at an Indian restaurant but chicken does not need to be fork tender to be good. It still fell apart in my mouth. Good impression number three. I ate all of my rice but took my Palak Chicken and Garlic Naan home to have for lunch the next day. My check came as I was bagging up my leftovers. It had a smiley face drawn on it. Talk about service with a smile.  Good impression number four. This was very much a comfortable and relaxing dining experience. From the soft spoken and friendly waiter to the delicious food cooked to my spice request of 3 (out of 10), my night at Saffron was just what the doctor ordered. I will be back but probably not all too soon. It is a little  high priced as Indian cuisine tends to be. But when the hunger strikes, an occasional splurge is in well within reason.
3	I would go back for the chicken tikki masala & the garlic naan.  Just remember, the portions are small.  So, don't expect to be getting a huge entree of chicken.  For the price, I think they could've given more chicken.  The small curry bowl was filled 1/3 chicken and 2/3 sauce.   Naan:  It was absolutely delicious dipping the naan into the masala sauce.  What made it most enjoyable was the surprise crispy texture on its bottom... almost like an Indian pizza!Mom had the aloo ghobi & seemed to be disappointed with the dryness.  She kept on saying how it was missing something-something.  Since this dish isn't familiar to me, I had no idea how to compare.  We also had the vegetable samosa.  Surprisingly, it was not fried, but baked.  Mom was quite upset about it and said it would've tasted better fried.  I agree with her, but I did think it helped cut back on the calories.  Perhaps, if they used filo dough, the thick pastry would've been a better choice?For me, it was a 3 star visit.  For Mom, probably a 1 star visit.  I'd like to return for their buffet just to see how they cook the other items.
1	What a total disappointment!! I was naive and did not listen to some of the reviews here. The biggest complaint I have is price and quantity/quality of food. I ordered chicken tikka masala and lamb with spinach curry or something like that. First, the flavor was nothing special, I actually thought it was bland and something I could have made myself. Second, the prices are ridiculous, look I don't mind paying a lot of money if it's worth it. I've been to Gordon Ramsay on Paris and Del Friscos Double Eagle steakhouse, both expensive but totally worth it.  The prices, chicken tikka masala was $15, serve in a(I kid you not)dog's bowl size container(6 inches in diameter and 2 inches deep), 4 little cubes of chicken and the rest was sauce. The lamb, $16, same as the chicken tikka, 4-5 little pieces and the rest was sauce. I felt totally cheated. I give this business a few more months and it's going to close down. People please listen up and spend it where you can get more bang and flavor for hour buck, trust me on this one. Go to Mt Everest on Sahara or something similar but not this one please!!!
5	So i have eaten at over 100 Indian food restaurants around the world and this is in my top 3.  Food is always consistently good.  Service is exceptional.  The owner and wait staff knew my preferences and what I wanted by my third visit.  I have tried over ten items on the menu and every one of the dishes sampled was great.  While I don't usually eat the garlic naan with my meals theirs is the best I've tasted.  I highly recommend you try this place.
1	*Update* to Mr Rajesh P who responded to my review. YES!!! I am talking about the same SAFFRON Restaurant on W Craig Rd. I spent 5 years in the UK and have dine in over 200 Indian restaurants, I'm pretty sure I know what I am talking about. Indian restaurants in Europe are more authentic I may say, so much so that at one point the UK made Chicken Tikka Masala UK's national food. $14 or $15, it was still a small amount of food for the money. Just try going to one of the known Indian restaurants around here and you know what I am talking about. Bottom line, food quality/quantity is not worth the price and I believe people need to know this before going.
5	Since leaving England 3 years ago, my wife and I have been in search for a proper Indian restaurant in Las Vegas and we finally found it! Saffron Flavors has a great selection of tasty Indian food and selection of alcohol beverages... and Kingfisher beer!!! :-)The staff is very kind and are willing to make different dishes to your liking. I prefer the chicken phall and chicken vindaloo because of the spicy taste which Raj is more than happy to make it as spicy or not spicy just the way you want it. You can find my wife and I driving from Nellis AFB to visit every Saturday for their lunch buffet at a very good price. Whoever says you get very little food for the price here at Saffron Flavors is definitely used to the other less reputable Indian food "joints" that Las Vegas has to offer. Cheers!
5	Very good, got there at the end of lunch and the waiter had the chef prepare fresh main course rather than have us eat the buffet.  Suggestion for lunch arrive before 1300.   Great place for dinner
5	Best Indian food in Las Vegas, nice atmosphere, pleasant service.  This is much better than many of the more expensive places near the strip.
4	The food was great but I felt the amount of money spent for food was high for what was received.
5	Even the lunch buffet is good!  You can't go wrong here.
5	the buffet is amazing everything i mean everything is delicious naan bread comes included with the low price. very nice clean restaurant.
5	Best aloo gobi in town!
5	The yummiest Indian Food i have ever tried in the Town .. Specially try their Indo Chinese dishes.. Great food, Nice restaurant and awesome hospitality.. Not like other typical Indian Restaurant in the town..
5	Yup so I finally bit the bullet and went back to saffron. I drive by it so often I had to give them a chance. And this time they did not disappoint. I have to be honest and say I've been back a couple times but just to make sure that it is consistently good in order for me to finally upgrade my review. Looks like they listened and now have tandoori chicken all the time for the lunch buffet. The food has been great and you no longer have to worry about what time you're planning on going in. They seem to be cooking fresh good up until the end. All of the food here is usually pretty good. Not usually spicy but all the flavors are still there. And their garlic naan here is one of the best.The service is really good everyone chips in to make sure the food stays full and your glass is never empty. I'm always seated quickly here and I have to say they've really stepped it up. I can now officially recommend this place again. Although it is still not my favorite, I love really spicy Indian food and they don't deliver that here, I will definitely hit this place for a quick Indian fix.
5	Back again for the lunch buffet... all chicken curries and no fish this time.. YES!!!!I'm on my 3rd plate of food and slowly getting the itus.  LolIf you don't know what itus is, google it. :-)
5	Saffron is a wonderful Indian restaurant. The ambiance is very elegant and warm; it makes you want to stay or get a drink at the nice bar. The buffet, and let's face it buffets are why we eat Indian in the first place, was well stocked with a variety of delicious, perfectly spiced dishes. The nan bread was some of the best I've had, just light enough but very filling.
2	The food was decent and the garlic naan was great.  My main problem was with the service.  During the lunch hour, there were few people restaurant.  Despite the small crowd, the server was inattentive.  The biggest problem came at the end of the meal.  Our party had a gift certificate from restaurant.com for 25 dollars.  Saffron refused to honor the gift certificate and claimed that the gift cards from restaurant.com could only be used at night.  I asked the server where on the website and on the gift card the restriction was located, and he could not point out the clause.  To those in my party, it felt like the Saffron pulled a bait and switch.  It left all of us feeling disappointed.
3	Tried saffron twice, they have a few vegan items and the staff was great letting us know which items were safe for us. On our first visit the food was much better than the second. Our last meal tasted burnt, Bhindi Masala (okra).  While the okra was not overdone, the spices were terrible. Our other dish tasted chalky, much like my failed attempts to make curries using powder at home. Food was also very greasy, but that is expected with many Indian dishes. Might give the another try when I visit LV again, my mother likes her chicken dishes so would likely go back.
5	Delicious food and friendly staff. The first time I went I was afraid of what it would be like since it's very hidden and not too busy but, nevertheless, it was amazing!!!! Everything on their menu is great. Cheese naan is a MUST!
5	My girlfriends and I go out once a week to different restaurants and we decided to give this place a shot. I must say I really enjoyed it. It wasn't too busy so we were seated immediately. The food was delicious and the portion sizes were sizable. I was able to take some home which was great! The dinners do not come with naan which was surprising so I ordered garlic and cheese naan for the table and I was MORE than happy to pay extra, it was wonderful!Give this place a try, youll enjoy it.
4	This place is great... Especially for dinner. The food is authentic, the service is very personal, and atmosphere is great. However, I would not suggest going for the lunch buffet. I have been a few times and was disappointed. The best time to go is definitely for dinner.  You will not be disappointed...
4	Good food!  I've only been for the lunch buffet, but everything they had was amazing!  You have the option of plain or garlic naan with the buffet, the garlic naan is delicious.  Great service, even though we had a carafe of water on our table, the waiter would still come by to fill our glasses while we were talking or getting food.  We didn't have any problems with buffet selections running out or anything like that, as is mentioned in other reviews.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Amazing friendly staff, very clean... and the food was amazing!!! I cant say Ive ever had such great Indian food!! far from my house, but definitely worth the drive!!!
4	Delicious!  Onion Baji is out of this world, veggie korma is my favorite.  Sauces are rich and plentiful.  Portions are generous and filling.  Owner and chef insist of higher quality foods and drinks.  The only downside is that the service lacked regarding refilling water and drinks.  My mouth was on fire and I mostly had an empty water glass next to me for the meal.  Overall, I would highly recommend this for someone who enjoys, clean, affordable, and tasty Indian food from the NORTHERN region.
3	I would say that Indian is one of my cuisine types where I am extremely picky and exacting. There are no many examples of tandoori spices and curries which seen hastily thrown together. In las Vegas there are no shortage of these types. Saffron unfortunately falls into this category. Everything was okay, hence the three star review, but really nothing stood out. Something like the tandoori chicken were very good, while the curries were thin and only mildly flavorful. I'm not sure I will come back. It is only blocks away from my house so I may give it a try again when I get the Indian craving. I would recommend Mt Everest on Sahara or Mozen at Mandarin oriental for top quality Indian in the city.
5	I LOVE this place!! The NW has been lacking for this type of establishment for some time. Food is really great and the price is good! I often have the lunch buffet through the week and take out when it's a weekend.The flavors are unique and flavorful! Tandoori Chicken is always most and juicy, unlike most Indian places. Tikka Masala is my go to favorite here! I would recommend it to anyone in the valley.
4	My friends and I enjoyed every dish that was ordered. The garlic naan was amazing! Will definitely be back.
4	We enjoyed the butter chicken which turned out to be our favorite.  The chicken tika masala was also good.  Had the garlic naan bread but wasn't very much garlic.  The place was busy but well staffed.  Bar tender was inviting when we walked in the door.  Located in an unsuspecting strip mall right off 95 and Craig Rd.  I would definitely come back and try more again.
4	Here we go again...This place has AWESOME Garlic Naan.As of late, I haven't been yelping a lot but with this trend of hitting an Indian lunch buffet every week, I feel the need to share.***THIS IS ONLY A LUNCH BUFFET REVIEW***After a disappointing experience last week at a different establishment (that we drove halfway across the city for) I'm glad to write a review about the place closest to where I live.Saffron Flavors of India has a good lunch buffet.  Let me explain...First off, the service is great.  The staff is attentive and friendly. :)  Always nice to see GREAT service from anyone in this town.Secondly, the food selection was good and the items themselves were fresh, not dried out (like some tandoori chicken at other establishments) and the Garlic Naan is AWESOME.  Last, the place is clean.  There's really something to be said for this.  I've been to some other places and the glasses (or the water) are cloudy, or the buffet itself isn't appealing due to spilled items next to the buffet or on the floor, etc.  While this may not be the biggest place or have the biggest selection of items, the place is CLEAN and well organized. :)Now with those things said, I'm sure there are those of you who may be thinking, "Hey, I read a few other reviews and they mentioned that there weren't that many items on the lunch buffet."  I sort of agree...  Then again, consider that the items they have available are not always the same items day in and day out and that the things that are on the buffet have great flavor.  It's $11.99 for the lunch buffet.  It's not some huge dinner feast, and it's not $49.95.  $11.99 will get you a sandwich and a drink at the place across the street and this is a MUCH better option for the same money.  Also, if you were thinking about it, since I mentioned sandwiches, the bread here...the Garlic Naan...is REALLY GOOD. ;)I really need to come here for dinner.  I'm sure it's probably just as good if not better than their lunch buffet. As for the price, $11.99 is fine.  We're in Vegas and typically anything WORTH anything is $20.  If it's $11.99 and it comes with great service...  Well, there ya go!Honestly, I'd probably pay $11.99 for a few baskets of their Garlic Naan. :)
4	I have been here twice to make sure it wasn't a fluke. This place is behind a McDonalds and in a business type building but don't be fooled.  It has a great staff and it's one of the more elegant Indian places I've been to. Most are somewhat eclectic. The food I can only say I've tried 3 things. The shrimp and rice. Non spicy. Very flavorful and moist. both times. The garlic nan. A must. It's not too garlicy. Vegie samosa with dips. These were not greasy at all. They were not dry whatsoever. I will take my picky ass husband next time and make him eat here. And he will like it!
5	Where do I begin? This is by far the best Indian Restaurant I have ever been to. I've long been a fan of Indian cusine but was weary about my boyfriend testing it out. I need not have worried though because I think he might have enjoyed it more than I did. The food was the best I've ever had, and the service was great. The dining room was a little warm, but it was beautifully decorated and had a nice atmosphere. I cannot wait till our next visit to Vegas because this will be our first meal. It's a nice escape from the strip but isn't inconveniently out of the way. Parking is easily accessible and it is located in a safe area.
4	We love Saffron!  Best Indian food in Vegas.
4	My friends and I went to Saffron on a Friday evening and we were the first ones there as the restaurant does not open for dinner until 5:00pm. This was nice because we were able to take in the ambiance of warm tones and seating options. As more people began to arrive, I was grateful they seated the families with children in the back area, while seating the after work crowd with drinks in the front. I ordered the Vegetable Korma (heat option of 6) and garlic naan. I enjoy spicy food, so the Vegetable Korma was a good balance of spice and creamy coconut sauce. However, my friends who are meat eaters, ordered the Mixed Saffron platter and shrimp masala  thought the heat option of 4 was more than enough.  The paneer in the korma had an excellent flavor and I cannot wait to try other dishes with it on my next visit. As other reviews have stated, the garlic naan is amazing. The garlic had a fresh flavor and the bread was perfect for scooping the korma. For dessert, we ordered the galub jamun. You will get three "honey balls in rose syrup" and they are quite tasty. The perfect end to a great meal. As a suggestion, if you are going with a group of 4 or more, you will be fine ordering a few dishes and sharing them family style. With 3 dishes, two orders of garlic naan, two orders of  rice, and two orders of galub jamun, there was more than enough food for the 4 of us and we even took some home.
5	My husband and I first visited Saffron a few years ago just after it opened and had one of the most wonderful dining experiences ever! Tonight we decided to have a date night and without hesitation decided once again on Saffron. We were greeted immediately upon entering by the warmest of hosts. They weren't able to seat us right away and so invited us to have a seat in the bar while our table was being prepared. We are not all to familiar with Indian cuisine so when it came to ordering our waitress was extremely informative in guiding us though the selections. Our food came out piping hot and fresh. You could tell it was served immediately when finished cooking and had not sit in a window for at length of time. The favors and experience could not be topped in my opinion. I would recommend this exquisite place to everyone for any and all occasions. You will never be disappointed when you choose Saffron Flavors of India.
3	Went there for lunch to try the buffet and the food tasted amazing.  My only complaint was that they could not keep the food on the line.  I had very little of what they had to offer the first go round, and even less was available the second time up.  So, i think next time I'll just order off them menu.
4	I would totally recommend this restaurant. The ambiance is nice, the service was good and the food is excellent. However, the food portions are a little small. If you plan on sharing order a few plates. If you cannot make up your mind I would recommend the mixed platter which was delicious. It includes a bit of everything, chicken, lamb, shrimp and pork. Also the spice is very hot. So if you dont like heat make sure you get it at a 0 or 1.
2	This place has decent food, but is WAY TOO OVER PRICED. $15 - 20 per plate for mostly masala and no meat, unacceptable. Sad cause the food isn't bad. Also the wait staff is condescending and not attentive. Beware you walk in with 2 adult and 4 kids they are going to consider you a party of 6+ and hit you with 18% gratuity. You've been warned.
4	This place is sensational.  I have been looking for good Indian cuisine near me, and this place hit the spot.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy.  The meats are cooked and spiced to perfection. The curry is everything you would hope and expect from good Indian cuisine.  My favorite dish that we ordered was the combination platter of meat, which included some of the better seasoned meats I've purchased in a very long time.  My only gripe is the portions in relation to the price. It is a little pricey for the small amount of food that you get.  If the portions got bigger or the price was reduced, I would be eating here very frequently.  As is, I don't feel like spending $40 on a meal for two all that often.
5	I tried this restaurant for the first time today and it is the best Indian food I have had in Las Vegas!!!The prices are reasonable and the portions are a good size.I would definitely recommend Saffron to anyone looking for a great Indian restaurant.
3	Our family was craving some Indian and this spot was well-reviewed and close to home.  The decor was nice and the service was very good...but the food was unfortunately okay.The samosas were good.  The tikka masala was good.  The tandoori chicken came out cold and undercooked.  Usually that dish comes out sizzling on the iron skillet...but we had to send ours back because it was cold.  Perhaps the worst dish we had was the one part of Indian that we all love the most - the naan bread.  The naan here is thin and almost seems store bought.  We may return for a quick Indian fix but this was certainly not our best experience eating Indian food.
5	Ok, I swear I have a serious food addiction. Its one of my favorite subjects to talk about on a daily basis. And I actually get a high from eating. But all foods are not the same. The feeling I get from one food may be far greater than that of a different food. Case in point, curry provides me with one of the strongest highs I know. But not all curries are created equal. A Thai curry is far different from the curries in an Indian restaurant. Either way curry is a comfort food to me. It is astounding how one meal can change ones mood so completely and curry fits that profile. Tonight I had a more mild curry at Saffron Flavors of India. More so I had a full experience featuring curry. I started with the complimentary papadan and two sauces of which I am not all too familiar but I am a fan of nonetheless. I also ordered a bottle of Taj Mahal pilsner style beer. For my entree I ordered butter chicken and a side of garlic naan. The naan was warm, chewey and perfect as always. It was the perfect accompaniment to the buttery rich chicken curry with a touch of tomato. The high from this meal was such that my eyes were half closed and I had a soft grin on my face during the entire meal. I was experiencing a sort of nirvana. And why stop there. I had my opener, my side, my entree and my drink all of Indian origin. It was time to round out the evening with dessert. I thought I should try the galub jaman. There were two fried dough balls served in a warm rose syrup and topped with what seemed to be dried coconut. It was very sweet but insanely delicious as everthing else I had tonight was. This was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. This is the stuff dreams are made of. Maybe its just the beer talking. Nah.
5	This has to be the second best Indian restaurant in Vegas and there are probably a dozen of Indian restaurants. I hope this restaurant gets the recognition it serves. The food is fresh and the restraint is clean. They have a garlic cheese naan to die for and their chili paneer is amazing. I just hope this restaurant stays open because I only see two tables or three filled every time I go.
5	I just love this place. The food, the drinks, the staff...this makes me happy. Even when dining with friends, everybody walks away in a delicious food coma with leftovers. I suggest anything in their red curry paired with a Kingfisher beer.
5	Legit Indian food right here!!!!Located on West Craig and the 95, inside a tiny strip mall opposite the gas station. If you blink you'll miss it.Legitimate indian food is hard to find in Las Vegas and if you do find half decent food it's usually some sort of infused restaurant that costs an arm and a leg that's not very good!!!!After realizing Saffrons was closer than expected, I decided to give it a shot and wasn't disappointed!!!! Every time I have been here for lunch Buffet, dinner or picking up, the quality and standards of this business are 5 stars each and every time. My recommendations are the Rogan Ghosht, Lamb Vindaloo and the garlic Naan are all top shelf. The bar at the front of house is also not a bad little bar, with large LCD screen with whatever sport you want. Also it's a nice place  to knock back a kingfisher while waiting for friends. The service is also a fairly oiled machine. Decor is fairly simple and nothing outlandish that you come to expect from a lot of good five star places on the strip. I realize I'm pumping this business up, and I truly do believe its a 5 star indian restaurant. Indian restaurants are one of those hit or miss kinda places that can give you amazing quality or cardboard.... So until they start to pump out run of the mill stuff I'll keep it at 5 stars.Overall Price: $$$ out of 5Cleanliness: 4-5Drink: 3-5 basic barFood: 5-5Service: 5-5
5	Wonderfully flavored dishes. Prompt, friendly service. You'll want to order plenty so that you'll have enough to take home for leftovers the next day.  :)
4	Saffron Flavors of India is a rarity because so few Indian restaurants are located in Northwest Las Vegas. I've been to Saffron several times for the lunch buffet and during dinner, and have never been disappointed with the quality of the food. The lunch buffet is on the small side but is only $11.95 (drink included)! The buffet has plenty of option for vegetarians as well. I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from. I last ordered the Mattar Paneer, $14, a curry dish with peas and spices. You can customize your level of spiciness from a scale of 1 to 10. If you're not a fan of spicy foods, I'd recommend staying under a 5 for sure.For a group of 4, we were immediately seated and shortly after provided with a pitcher of water with ice and what I can only describe as paper-like tortilla chips with two dipping sauces. The service is generally alright, but sometimes we've experienced servers disappearing on us and long wait times on refills. Otherwise, the servers are friendly and polite. If service was more attentive, I'd definitely give this place 5 stars. When our dinners arrived, the server placed a single petite rice plate for all four of us to share. That rice was gone in an instant and we had to order another rice bowl. Other than that small minor inconvenience, everyone loved their dinners.I love the ambiance of the restaurant- it's decorated well and feels intimate. There's also Indian music playing in the background. Saffron is my favorite Indian restaurant and is close to home. More importantly, the food is amazing! My personal recommendations are the Garlic Naan ($3.50) and Vegetable Samosas ($5). I will definitely be back to get my next fix of Indian food.
4	1st time here. 1st time having Indian food.  I have to say I really enjoyed it.  We had fried cheese for appetizer. I had shrimp bayuri with rice. It was really good...all of it.  I will definitely return to try other options.  The service was great and the atmosphere was great as well. Very enjoyable experience for a rookie.
4	1st time here and 1st time trying Indian food.  It was a very pleasant experience. I really enjoyed the food, the service, and the atmosphere. It is tucked in a small strip mall behind the CVS on Craig rd right off the 95. Food was a little pricey but I have nothing to actually compare it to.  Had the fried cheese for appetizer,  shrimp bayuri for main course with garlic naan. Definitely will try again.
4	1st time here and 1st time having Indian food.  I have to say it was pretty good. Portions were decent size. Had the fried cheese for appetizer and shrimp bayuri for dinner. It was hot nd spicy, they let you choose your level of hotness.  Definitely worth going back. It was kinda hard to find. It is tucked behind the CVS in a strip mall off craig rd neaar 95. Atmosphere was great and service was too.
5	I've been too saffron quite a few times the staff are very pleasent the food is tasty the ambiance is relaxed i higly reccomend i reccomend the butter chicken and coconut curry
5	Great place! We have eaten here several times and have enjoyed it every time!! I love the chicken jalfrezi and garlic naan!
3	After hiking at Mount Charleston, four of us stopped here to try their lunch buffet.  One of our group has been here before and recommended it.  It was a good recommendation!The buffet is small but is in the size range of others.  At $11.99, it's price is OK.  Not the cheapest, not the most expensive.  The restaurant is attractive with comfortable seating.  There is a separate section through which you enter where the bar is located.  The buffet is in an adjoining area out of view from the dining room.There was a selection of salad, yogurt, chutney, and desserts at the beginning of the buffet.  After the initial bar, there were several chafing dishes with various foods.  I tried the chicken tikka masala, a curry chicken, dal makhani, onion pakora, and some fried chicken balls--the name of which I can't remember.  Accompanying this was basmati rice.  For the most part, the dishes were good and flavorful.  The dal was bland.  It could have used some seasoning.  The chicken balls were tasty and different.  I should have gotten some chutney for that and the onion pakora but I failed to do so.  Next time.  One of our group noted that the chicken tandoori was dry.  I didn't try this but noted this for future reference.  I made a second trip to the buffet to get something sweet to offset my disposition.  I got one gulab jamun and it was very good.  It was quite soft, and it was not overly sweet.  A very nice ending to lunch.Service was average.  We were there when the restaurant opened and it soon got busy but there were a couple of people working the small room.  When I went to get my gulab, my dirty plate was not removed.  Other than this, things went OK.If I'm in the area, I'd certainly stop again.  It is in the middle tier of Indian buffets I've tried.  Since it's the closest place to where I live, I'll be back.  I wouldn't recommend coming from the other side of town for the buffet when there are other places just as good or better in the UNLV area.
5	This was a great find in Vegas. A friend recommended seek this place out and it was totally worth the drive. I shared a few of the curries with some garlic nan and spring rolls. All were very flavorful. The menu was expansive, inufing a few Indo-Chinese fusion dishes and a fair selection of vegetarian. If you are in Vegas and have a taste for Indian cuisine; you should stop here.
5	Oh my this is delicious!! My husband and I are always looking to try different types of food and Indian food was a bit new for us. I'm so glad we found this restaurant because it definitely made Indian food fans out of us! I had a cauliflower-potato dish that was so flavorful (and made great leftovers too!)
5	Got the pleasure of trying Indian food for the first time on a date. This was my first experience with this cuisine so to be fair I have nothing to compare it to but everything we had tasted delicious.My favorite part of this restaurant was the service. We arrived on a Thursday evening around 730pm. We were seated right away and were greeted with the courtesy Indian chip things and water by Jason. He was super friendly and helpful. After we had a chance to go over the menu Demi came to take our order. As I said we started with some Naan. My date  who is a huge fan of Indian cuisine really loves Lamb Korma but it  was only listed on the menu as a shrimp option but they had no problem at all substituting lamb as the protein. Personally I am not a fan of lamb at all but I dipped my garlic naan in the dish to try the flavor of korma and it was not as sweet as I expected but it tasted really good and my date loved it so much he was able to finish almost the whole dish.I went with a spicy chicken dish called Kadai Chicken . Demi asked on the spice scale what I wanted to go with since I'm huge into spice I went with a 6 because my date is not a fan of spicy at all but I still wanted him to be able to try it. As other reviews state beware of the spice if you're sensitive . For me it was spicy enough to give me a good kick of flavor and spice without burning myTaste buds..Throughout the whole meal everyone I encountered was super friendly! And our water glasses were always filled with a smile even as a large party came in to eat and drink.I was really impressed with the staff and how friendly it was. When packing up myTo go box Jason was really bubbly and even mentioned the Buffett to give us info on trying it next time.I look fwd to coming back and trying more items and just enjoying good food in a nice environment!I read reviews before trying this place and was sure to order the Garlic Naan and I was really happy with it. We also got  a order of Cheese naan to start the meal off. Both were really good!
5	This is the best Indian food that we have found in Las Vegas. They are consistent with the quality of their food and the staff is knowledgeable and very friendly. Saffron has a wide variety of choices and most dishes can be ordered at a range of spice levels, from a one to ten, with one being super-mild and a ten being set-your-lips-on-fire hot. When in doubt, go a number or two lower and work your way up!If you are in the northwest, be sure to try this place. If you live across town, it is worth the drive!! Their lunch buffet is a great option if you are in a hurry or new to Indian cuisine and want to try a few different things. Be sure to try a mango lassie!
5	Nice, little bit spicy. so order mild.Quality is no 1. I have very good experience of service.
5	Authentic Indian food at it's finest.  A rare treasure to find up past Craig Road/95.  Full Service Bar.  Friendly and efficient staff.  Wonderful flavors.  All fresh ingredients. Food prepared to palate.  No bad surprises.  Delectable.    I highly recommend Saffron Flavors of India for your next Indian Food expedition!
3	Their food is consistently good, but beware if you place a to go order.  I called in a simple order of Rogan Josht and garlic naan at 6:20 pm.  The order was supposed to be ready between 6:35-6:40 pm.  The food was ready 40 minutes later at 7:00 pm.
2	The food is EXCEPTIONAL here!! The service however is VERY POOR, which is why I'm giving them two stars. There is one server most nights and she seems annoyed. She doesn't come back to check on you after she has delivered your food. She portrays an attitude of being inconvenienced. The bus-person does assist her with drink refills and delivery of food, he has better customer service skills than she does. Regardless of how exceptional the food is I will NOT give my money to an establishment that doesn't value their guests. I will take my money elsewhere!
4	Very friendly staff, nice interior of restaurant. I always judge Indian restaurants on the following:-Saag with Shrimp - best saag I've had in Las Vegas. I ordered it a 0/10 for spiciness and it came out mild like I asked for. The shrimp was way overcooked and chewy, so I might order it plain next time.-Chicken Tikka Masala - ok. My friend loved it. I thought it was a little sweet & tangy.-Garlic Naan - very good.-Lacha Paratha - terrible. They really shouldn't have served it to us in the condition it was in. It came out like some crackers falling apart. It was so dry and crumbly that we really didn't eat it. Very disappointed in this and wasn't crazy about the $4.50 price tag.I liked this place overall and will come back, but will modify my order a bit next time.
5	Delicious food! Everything was wonderful. :) I recommend chicken tikka :)The spice scale is a little tricky. If you just like a little to moderate spice I wouldn't order above a 4 on their scale. Gulab jamuns are best I've had at a restaurant and the naan bread is outstanding :) I would recommend
1	the Curry was awful. I am NEVER going back there again.
4	Great lunch buffet!!  Priced right at $11.99 and $1 drinks.  My friends and I frequent this place at least twice a month (sometimes three.)  Lunch is quick and always a good variety.  The cheese naan is awesome!  Service is ok...they could use one more server, but it's hit and miss on how busy they may get (although every time we are there, it gets full.)  Quicker service would get the final star, but solid 4 on food.
4	Saag is so yummy. Still need work on their bread. Not the best in town at bread, but everything else is excellent including the service.
4	The people that run this place are really nice.  Given the hours of operation, I'm guessing this is a family owned and operated place, and it certainly has that feel.  They always seem happy to see someone come in, and are very accommodating.  Their lunch buffet is great, although I don't think the garlic naan is included anymore.  :/  Bummer on that one, because it's delicious, but the other food certainly makes up for it.  They have good seasoning with a mix of spices and flavors to work with anyone that enjoys Indian food.
3	Buffett sucks, have had way better Indian buffets down town. The wine selection is very good. The owner does take pride in wine.
4	Super kid friendly! Staff goes above and beyond to make your little ones feel welcome.Excellent food. Loved the Peshawari Nan and Chicken Korma. Kids loved the plain nan. Don't wait to give it a try and bring the whole family!
5	I have no idea why Indian food is so expensive.  I'm sure it has more to do with supply and demand than actual pricing.  Seriously, a reasonably priced option would do an amazing amount of business in Las Vegas.  It's not like Indian food is gourmet in its native country.In any case, the majority of Indian fare in Las Vegas is centered around the strip or to the East.  Samosa Factory was my go to restaurant, but is now gone.  I was certain that my joy of Indian food was over, but then luckily Saffron Flavors of India came to occupy a strip mall a mere few blocks from my place.  I can go there everyday.  Or rather I could, if I could afford it.  Despite being in a "not-ideal" location, Saffron has the pricing of a strip adjacent Indian restaurant.  Maybe I'm being a little harsh, it may be a couple bucks cheaper.Now that I've complained about the price, how is the food?  It's good.  Although, I had a really disappointing lunch buffet when they first opened.  While I haven't risked the buffet again, the dinner is delicious.  They will even make a lamb korma (not on the menu) which is delicious.  The quality of the lamb (or mutton, I'm sure) has not been consistent, but I can't complain.  Their dum mutton biryani is superb and I have to get it every time.They have you give a number for the amount of spicy that you want.  Little Greg, whom I've trained to tolerate more and more spice, likes it at a 5 or 6.  I prefer 7 or 8, but don't recommend that level on a date unless you don't mind having a runny nose in front of a prospective sexual partner.Oh, I feel I would be remiss if I didn't mention something about quality Indian food.  If the chef has used the correct spices, it should not give you stomach problems.  In addition, when you leave the restaurant there is a little dish with fennel seeds in it.  Eat a small spoonful to avoid later explosions, if you know what I mean.
5	This place is amazing. I could eat here everyday. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming and the food is awe inspiring. I've developed a taste for spicy food because of this place and now I can't get enough. Any meat dish is cooked to perfection always tender and perfectly flavored. The prices are decent and the atmosphere is peaceful although I'd love to see them expand. I cannot stress enough how good the food is!
4	Very good Indian food... And I've definitely had better. But good and totally worth going to still. I've been numerous times because I live pretty close so it's convenient. And it's consistent.Haven't had anything I didn't like here. Loved the fish tikka. Love the lamb dishes, chicken dishes, naan, etc. The chai tea is delicious too!
5	We moved to Las Vegas from NYC and we've had a difficult time finding high-quality, authentic, delicious ethnic food close to home. Saffron meets all of these requirements. We've ordered from here 3 times, and EVERYTHING we've gotten has been outstanding. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. We will be coming here again and again!
