5	Cathy and the crew are great.  My dogs have various food related allergies, and I have been able to find food here the suits both of them.  The new store is much bigger and Cathy is always looking for new products and suggestions, she only wants the best for everyone.  Even the groomers are great, now I don't have to clip nails anymore, which with my dogs is always a hastle.  You'll always feel welcome when you go in, I recomend Barking Dogs to everyone who lives near by with dogs.
5	Barking Dogs is our favorite place to self-wash our dog!  The owners, Kathy and Craig, are extra nice and get to know you and your dog.  They have a nice selection of everything in their store including fresh baked treats - our dog loves the pizza!  Be sure to bring your doggy in if you live near the area!
4	This place is cute cute cute! Conveniently located in Mountain's Edge on Cimmaron and Blue Diamond, this multifaceted pet "emporium" is just the place to bring the pooch for some special treatment. Pet food, treats, grooming, selft-wash, pet bling, clothes for the little girls and guys...they got all the goods!Cooper T. Dog comes here for bath time with Mom in the Self Wash. I'm happy they put up with his bathe-and-bark routine! Sorry! And thank you! He always leaves smelling fresh and not like a dog. Best part? You don't kill your back bending over, the dog gets warm water instead of cold hose water, AND they will clean up after you! We haven't used their grooming services Cooper is a short hair so he's easy -peasy, but we have picked up some tasty treats. Next time I'm in I will check to see if they carry his special food since I'd rather buy from a locally owned company than the giant corporate warehouse stores. To all my Mountain's Edge peeps: bring your dogs here! support local small businesses! YAY!
5	I have mini dachshunds who are expecting puppies I will be going to barking dogs before the photo shoot with all the puppies to groom them can't wait!!!!
5	Biggie (English Bulldog, 7months old) and I love this place! Cathy and Co. are the sweetest owners ever.  Their facility is reminiscent of small town living with hardwood floors, big windows, et al.  The atmosphere and staff make you feel right at home.  They've got a large variety of toys, treats, beds, and home grooming products at reasonable prices.  Their self-wash stations are roomy and easy to use.  And their groomers do an excellent job!  We just love this place!  Thanks, Cathy!
5	I took my border collie here today and absolutely love what they did with her! This was Sabrina's first time getting groomed here and Rochelle did a great job. When I first took Sabrina in she was afraid and was reluctant to walk back with Rochelle but when I went to pick her up she didn't want to leave. That's how I know they took good care of her :). The price was reasonable and the quality of work was excellent! I'll definitely be bringing her back here.
1	I was so excited... could not wait to visit the new store.  I have been a customer of the S Rainbow Blvd store & love the service there. But my visit to this new store was very disappointing. The 1st thing the salesperson asked me was will your dog pee in the store? She told me if my dog pee on anything I will have to pay for it. (I have a 3 year old,  Female, Certified Therapy Dog.) I told her my dog is potty trained. Then she went on to tell me since "your dog is not on a leash she may pee on things in the store." I showed her that my dog is on a E-Collar than she rolled her eyes to another employee in the store about my E-Collar. I love supporting any animal businesses. I also love spending money on my dogs. I was so ready to spend some money in this store but now I will shop somewhere else.
1	I took my yorkie here for grooming.... when i dropped him off at the groomers i explained that i wanted his hair cut a little short for the summer time ( he has long straight hair) and i explained how i wanted his face cut..she happily took him and said she would call me when she was done. About 3hrs later i get a call that he is done. I go to pay..$45 and then they bring him out, i didnt even recognize him..the groomer SHAVED my dog. She said he had a few tangles and so she took it upon herself to shave him. I was fuming. You dont shave YORKIES... my grief with this is she didnt even call me to tell me any options..she just shaved him. First of all why would you A-shave a yorkie. B-shave a yorkie without the owners approval- we did not discuss this. C- why would i pay someone $45 to shave him..i could of done that myself or taken him to petsmart for $20!I called Cathy the owner to explain the situation that happend and she was no help-they have poor customer service and they will do what they please with your dog. Beware if you drop your dog off here..they might come back with NO hair and you paid for that!I also reported them to BBB...as a local small business owner she is not keeping her local clients who support her business happy. She wouldnt even refund half of my money!!! 'DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!
5	this place is an amazing place. their owners are great and they always remember their regulars! everytime i get my dog back from grooming, shes always perfect! i also get my orijen here as well as my dog's chew toys and bully bones here. need i say anything else? just come and see for yourself!
5	No complaints. We take our babies (beagles) every couple of months & while I can't say they enjoy it, they do a good job. Also like the selection of dog stuff from food to treats to novelty gifts.
5	Let me start off by saying that my little Rocky Bear is such a handful! He's a rescue pup, and came to us a little timid (ok, a LOT timid) of people, dogs bigger than him, and basically anything that moves :) But I love him, and he's my little baby. So our first experience was using the self-wash. They give you your first bath free if you have adoption papers! Total plus. We loved it! The fact that the shampoo and conditioner come out with the water is so helpful! And he left smelling so fresh and clean! The best part is that they do the cleaning up! Good for Mom, and Pup!Then it was time for Rocky to get a hair cut. We had previously taken him to PetSmart, so I knew he was ok with groomers, but I was still a little worried since he really is scared of people, especially men. So I asked for a girl groomer, and they have me Rochelle. She was WONDERFUL! At first we were both worried Rocky wouldn't let her work on him, but I assured her that after I left, he would calm down. (I think he's just super protective of me) - and I was right! After he was done, he was giving her puppy kisses, so I knew she took good care of him! She did an AMAZING job on the cut!!! Seriously, her work is magical. He comes home looking like a little stud muffin, and I have never felt his fur so SOFT!! So we have come back a few times, and every time Rocky and Mom leave happy. They also have fresh doggie cookies!! These are Rocky's favorite, so I make sure I always get some when we are in the store. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, and can't say enough great things!!
4	The time had come to take Sampson, our cockapoo puppy, to the groomers.  His curly tri-colored hair was getting long and unruly, so I of course Yelp'ed a place nearby to take care of his grooming needs.  Cue "Barking Dogs".  This place had great reviews and for good reason!I'm not sure how much other groomers cost, but they gave me the estimate of starting at $45 for our puppy (I guess the price is mainly based on breed and intensity of the service).  Since it was his first time at the groomer, they warned us that they may not be able to complete a lot of services  (mainly the haircut) since they need him to get used to the interactions.  Lil Sampson must've done good because when we went to pick him up, they did everything to him, including adding a festive holiday bandana around his neck."Everything" included: wash, blow-dry, haircut, nail trim, ear cleaning, and his anal glands expressed.  That's definitely a full-service wash and all that for $45!  To me that was very reasonable.The staff at the store were very nice and the groomer herself made sure to groom Sampson exactly the way we wanted, from how much hair we wanted trimmed from his furry arms to his little head.The great thing about this place is you can go there and wash your dog yourself.  They also carry an array of treats for your canine friend.I definitely recommend this place.  I'm sure we'll be taking Sampson back when he is due.P.S. they also have a stamp card for grooming services to entice you to come back again and again.
5	I didn't know what to expect in coming to a boutique shop for pets, but after visited this place.. I loved everything about it. There are many pet stores around the Las Vegas area. Big names like Petsmart and Petco, but this is to comparison of Target to Walmart... Love the feel you get when you enter Target, but even though Walmart is a great store.. it just doesn't have that cozy home feeling as Target. That's how I feel with this boutique versus other big stores.. even though all are equally wonderful. I took my Birthday boy shopping here after self washing and grooming him there. Even got his nails trimmed, which I was very proud, because seconds later, the nice groomer came out with a smile of relief and said your dog was the most relaxed pet we had today... He was so good about getting his nails trimmed, he literally gave me his paw!!! I looked at Ruffin and said.. is that riiiiiight?! Omgoodness always so happy! I love it!!! Time to shop for goodies! Best of both worlds if you ask me. Kathy Patterson, the owner assisted me with any questions or help I needed in getting the most out of my trip here. It's a drive for me, But well worth it if it makes my dog Happy and Healthy!She educated me on different dog foods to consider, since he's becoming an old man now :( Can't believe how much time has passed and the dog years that suddenly added up! She gave me two dog food samples to try: Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover's Soul and Precise Holistic Complete, which are both above-average dog food that consists of the simplest ingredients: meats, vegetable, fruits, and whole grains. She told me you'll see a huge difference in their fur, eyes, gums, and overall health. Chicken Soup brand use natural preservatives.. the meats are hormone and antibiotic free!!! When I let my dogs try both brands.. they devoured it like it was human food!!! Didn't even have that strong odor you get from the common dry dog foods. They even ate it like it was a treat, instead of their daily food to eat. The two samples lasted a good week and it was great to see a huge difference in the appetite and excitement of my dogs trying these. I also found some delicious sweet potato treats for dogs, which supports healthy skin and eyes as well as a healthy coat. It is full of starch, so weight gain is a possibility. Everything in moderation!!! Also bought pumpkin treats that resemble honey comb cereal. From their own bakery, I bought a Banana muffin and Carrot Crunchies that had w/ sweet potato in them!!! Yum right??!?!! Even I wanted to take a bite myself!!! I spotted a cute soft furry stuffed animal and it was currently the most popular toy at the boutique, since there was only one left called the Salsa Monster. My dog still takes it everywhere around the house, even outside!! But I have to tell him to drop the toy if he wants to play outdoors. It also makes a squeaky noise, which Ruffin is very fond of.. especially when he is excited... he'll make it known how thrilled he is. You can seriously get lost in all the goodies they have and explore healthier choices in dog food, which I never knew you could get. Kathy was very kind and helpful in showing me around and helping choose what would be best for adult dogs in nutrition. I appreciate her knowledge and letting me know what is available for my dogs. They have many accessories also and I was eyeing this unique blanket that can be inverted to a furry eskimo house!!! I thought it was the cutest thing ever :D If you're looking for a place to wash your furry pet and at the same time shop for dog food, treats, and accessories... Well look no further! Barking Dogs has everything you need and a helpful staff to assist you. Definitely will make a trip back to do some holiday shopping!!!
5	This is a really large shop that has gifts for your special pup in a range of sizes. I was able to find a Cowboys jersey tha fit my pitbull! That almost never happens. Not to mention the customer service was really great! They were friendly and helpful and didn't mind that my dog was trying to drag me around the store. This is a great place to shop and a great place to get your dog washed as well!
5	Took our recently adopted Belgian Malinois K9 in for his first bath. The ladies were absolutely wonderful, helped teach me how to use the self-service bath and really helped to calm Bam down as he was a bit nervous on his first trip. Extremely helpful staff who obviously really like their job and who are definitely dog lovers as well.Nice smelling shampoos & conditioner and everything worked out great besides him leaping off the drying table and knocking down a bunch of stuff. Sorry!!!Bam now smells and looks great and we'll definitely be going back the next time we need to scrub and fluff our awesome Mal.
5	Love it!I love the holistic selection of dog food. Very nice & knowledgeable staff!  I'm totally a fan. :)
5	DOG WASH!I love this store! I live very nearby which makes it convenient to bring my dog Max to get nice and spiffy. The staff there is wonderful, super nice and very helpful. I bring my dog to get groomed although I know I can wash him myself. The groomer has a very nice demeanor and is very good with Max. I've been to big chain groomers and they charge about the same ($45) for grooming but those chains do not do as much and do not give as well of a cut as Barking Dogs. They have rewards cards and if you use cash they have a rewards program for that too. Last time I was there they told me about a new app for iPhones to keep track of the cards instead of having multiple rewards card. Also they have plenty of goodies for your furry friends to snack on. Last time I went I saw a goat and two cockatoos being groomed. What a funny sight!
4	This is the one store that I would suggest to all my dog loving friends.  They are awesome!  The store employees are very knowledgeable about their products and are very good at making suggestions for your furry companions.  The store has tons of holistic/all natural foods and snacks that you will feel comfortable eating yourself.  No preservatives, no additives and definitely no artifical flavoring/coloring.  They have their own bakery where they have fun treats that your pets will love!  The self wash is also my other favorite part of this store.  The hydrosurge can massage your pets while you wash them, calming them and allowing them to relax under already very stressful conditions.  The facility is very clean and very user friendly so have no fear if it's your first time!  But don't hestitate to ask if you have any questions because the staff will always be there to help you in any way they can.  This style of bathing them is definitely the way to go.  No more back aches, no more water all over the place, no more crazy pets running away from you, you should be in and out of there in less than 30 mins. WITH A DRY AND CLEAN DOG!  I think recently they've started to offer the hot oil treatment for your dog and IT REALLY WORKS!  my Lhasa mix and maltipoo mix are still nice and fluffy 2 weeks after their treatment.  Try it!  They smell soooo good afterwards too.The reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 was because they are too far from me.  I live about 30 mins away from the store but I still manage to get down there every 2 weeks so you should too!
5	We have taken our "Alvin C. Yorkie" here twice, so far.  We love the self wash facilities with all the great smelling soaps and doggie perfume sprays available.  The entire store is very clean and the staff members we have met have all been super friendly and helpful!  Alvin loves the doggie treats we buy for him at the bakery counter after his bath.  A very enjoyable experience for our entire little family.
5	After we adopted our shepherd/chow mix from an independent rescue group in April, we have been visiting Barking Dogs quite frequently.  We have given Beauty several self washes there, which is always an adventure.  She always smells so good afterwards.  On the most recent visit, we gave her a hot oil treatment.  I highly recommend that, because her coat stayed shiny for weeks.  The owner, Kathy and her amazing staff have been so nice to us on every visit.  The store is right in our neighborhood and very convenient.  They just expanded the store and it looks amazing.  We have purchased toys, collars, food, treats, bully sticks, collapsible bowl, leash, and more at this store.  The prices are reasonable and the selection is expansive.  They have several specials that they run, from your first self-wash is free with a new adoption to a food purchase program and more.  I highly recommend this store to anyone with a pet and I look forward to continuing to taking Beauty there for years to come.
5	Love this place....everyone is positive, warm and friendly. Kathy is very knowledgable and helps you in any way possible.  Wish them continued success!!
4	I give them 3.75 stars.Pluses - very informative friendly staff, the owner gal is very nice and am always greeted as soon as I walk in the door. They have all the natural dog & cat foods in stock, our animals are all on Fromm pet foods.OKs - the groomer is nice but not the greatest groomer in town but I don't like driving all the way over to DI & Mojave to our old groomers. But our dog seems happy here, just wish they were brave and do cat grooming. Maybe they can open a sister location called Meowing Cats.Have never used the dog-a-matic washing machines. Been tempted though.
5	I just washed my 5 month old puppy there for the first time and was so happy with the service. The ladies showed me how to best wash my hyper pup and checked on us through out the time I was there. They have a ton of tasty looking treats for the dogs and lots of cute pet supplies. I would highly recommend Barking Dogs to anyone.
5	Great prices, friendly and helpful staff, good facilities as well for large dogs.  Why would you go anywhere else?!
5	They have a great selection of premium dog foods, treats and toys.  The self-wash area is also super convenient.  My dogs usually get the hose in the backyard, but sometimes it is just too cold outside!  The staff is very helpful and always friendly.
5	I am probably one of their BIGGEST fans. My dogs are only fed Ziwipeak dog food, and it's a rare find in this town, but Barking Dogs carries it and -as an added bonus- they don't mark up the price as much as the other places do.I think Kathy is such a great owner and she is simply the best in the business. I always recommend this place to friends or anyone that will listen.I'm an advocate for feeding pets non-commercial dog food and I think the philosophy of the store is just great.They have a lot of programs for their regular customers and everytime we walk in they treat us like royalty. We wouldn't go to any other place to get pet supplies, food, or even grooming.This is one of the best "gourmet" pet shops in the city and it's worth every mile to come and see for yourself.
5	Kathy and her staff are great. Loved the cleanliness and the great costumer service. I honestly had a great time learning how to wash my dogs, they kept checking on me to make sure I was doing ok. Even after the huge mess I made because of my crazy dogs she was still nice enough to share  treat with us. I will be  coming here more often. I recommend this place.
5	The Barking Dog is AWESOME!  The staff is great and they always take such great care of my dogs!  They love going there to get pampered!!
4	i came here today to finally get my dog washed and I really loved the place. it's the like whole foods supermarket for pets. so much "natural" dog food and all kinds of dog related stuff. they pretty much provide everything for u; blowdryers, towels, shampoos, body sprays, etc. their doggy tubs are pretty cool too. my dog usually goes crazy w/ other small dogs but he was pretty relaxed in here, he loved the water bath temperature. I will definitely come back, I would have given it 5 stars but I was a bit perturbed at the younger woman who looked like in her mid 20s because she didn't acknowledge me while I came in...I was waiting and waiting for her to help me but she just kept talking to one customer for freaking forever!!! she could've atleast said i'll be right there with u...but nothing and to top it off, once the other customer left, she just left and went inside in the grooming room passing me w/out even saying anything...I waited and waited and finally I just had to ask another lady to help me. argh what the hell? the older guy vacuuming the fur and older woman by the register are very accommodating and so nice, I would come back because of them.
5	Luv this place....Cathy the owner is always awesome and friendly....self grooming is great especially if you hate the mess....cant say enough good things
5	We visited this store over the weekend in search of cute dog collars.  After visiting several others throughout town, I was most impressed with their selection.  The boutique store and grooming salon for pets was awesome.  The self wash makes an excellent choice for big dogs, and they have all kinds of selections of healthy foods, treats, bedding, vitamins, shampoos, dog/cat collars, accessories, and toys.  The staff are friendly, and I will definitely be back to help this local store owner.  I highly recommend this place to all animal lovers.
5	Came here looking for a certain dog food. I love it!! As soon as we walked in the owner greeted us and asked if we've been there before, showed us around and answer way more then I expected. I usually groom our dogs but because she was so lovely I want to give them a try. Food prices were average. Her husband bakes fresh dog treats everyday, we got our pups a cupcake.....they didn't even chew it they loved it so much.
5	I have been to this place before when it was first located on Rainbow and Windmill inside the Smith's Shopping Center.  Kathy is a very sweet store owner that truly loves animals.  This is the only place that sells leashes that is able to withstand my 125 pound Italian Mastiff.  This was the first time that I had came to their new location since moving back to Las Vegas.  I wanted to wash my dog at an inexpensive rate.  I was shocked at how much it would cost to bathe my dog.  It was only $11!  When I was living in Jacksonville, FL, the self wash stores would charge $28 for my mastiff so it was a nice relief to hear that they only charge $11.  I will be a regular customer for my baby.  Another thing I was looking for when I come in to pet stores is if they are going to judge me or give me weird looks when I walk my dog in.  Most facilities would tell me that my dog is way too large or have to do special accommodations so my dog wouldn't have to be near the other dogs due to his size.  I was relieved to see that the associates welcomed my dog.  Good customer service is a must for me.  I also have found that their self washing system made it easier for me and my boyfriend to wash him.  For a large dog he is so scared of water so their system made it easier for everyone all the way around.  I also loved the blueberry facial.  It made it easier to wash his face.  After the bath my baby was happy, clean, and he smelled refreshed.  I know for sure I will be coming back again.
5	We've never taken advantage of their grooming services,  but the dogs who are being groomed when we are there always look happy and not stressed!Our little dogs fit in our kitchen sink, but I may bring our big dog for professional grooming at some point. Once a month we visit Kathy and staff to pick up a bag of Fromm dog food for the kids. They love their Fromm. Another reviewer mentioned,  Fromm has a program where after you buy 12 bags, you get 1 free. Great deal!We also pick up some items from the bakery section, our dogs love the peanut butter cookies. Be sure to like their Facebook page and join the email list to receive deals and coupons and be informed of special events.
5	Not that I have much experience with places like this, but they get five stars from me. We took Bawoo on his first camping trip this past weekend. Needless to say, he was in need of a wash after. And my house isn't well-equipped for dog bathing.Luckily, Barking Dogs is a convenient short walk from me. Their self wash facility is fantastic, featuring several bathing stations at varying heights. They even provide you with aprons to help protect you from splash. Switch the hose to "Bathe" to get a mixture of water and soap. Minutes later, switch it to "Rinse" for just water. As a Yelp check-in offer, we even got the $5 hot wax treatment for free. Supposedly, it leaves the fur softer and fluffier. Finally, there's a warm air hose to help dry your dog quicker.For $11, it's a great deal. No mess to clean up. Just a dog with a pleasant smell and a fur coat restored to its natural gray and white. We'll be back.
5	I used to cut my cocker spaniel's hair but with a 14 month old I am not longer able to. This is the second time I used a groomer and this is by far a great place. The people working here seemed very friendly and caring. My dog is 13 years old, blind from glaucoma and has some "selective hearing" (lol) I am serious tho. I made an appointment two days in advance and they took her at 10 am. I was picking her up at 1145am. She had a bath and cut. I specified in advanced how I wanted her to look and that is exactly how she came out looking. They did a wonderful job. Thanks!
5	I cannot believe I ahve not rpeviously Yelpped these guys! But here I go!I ahve come here since they opened the first shop on Rainbow. Kathy and Craig are great people who really are passionate about the business. I get good assistance from anyone working and am treated like family (not family at Thanksgiving, but family you want to see). They are so knowledgable about the products they sell and careful to choose helathy foods and safe accessories. they support good companies and great dog shelters and rescues.The facility is top notch, clean and in great repair. I take my schipperke for self wash often and I also use the groomers a few times a year. I ahve always gotten individualized work that is well done and the groomers are kind to my pets. I love going at the Christmas season and getting pictures of the pups for Christmas. The prices are not the same as Petco in some cases...because the quality is far higher and teh service far more knowledgable and personal. The prices ARE very reasonable, however. I do know that they go to great pains not to mark things up too high, even taking less profit to keep things affordable for their clientel.
5	I was looking for a place to get my dogs nails cut and turned to the yelp app on my phone and discovered Barking Dogs with a Free Hot-Oil Treatment check in deal and 4.5 stars so I figured it was a good spot.  I called and they said the groomer would be in till 7pm and I could bring Bella, my baby, in for a nail trim without an appointment. Bella loved the store and tried to eat just about everything on the shelves.  They even had the cutest doggy bakery with donuts, cookies, cupcakes, and other treats for your dog.  There were self washing stations and a ton of toys, dog food, collars/leashes, and pretty much anything you could imagine your pet would need.  I was surprised at how large the place was and a great selection.  They had a great deal for $25 for nail trimming, two baths, ear cleaning, anal glands, eye cleaning, and a cute bandanna.  Plus the oil treatment was free when I checked in on yelp.  You usually have to make an appointment but the groomer said she had time to squeeze us in and it would take about an hour.  Barking Dogs called exactly an hour later and I picked Bella up.  She was very energetic and had apparently bonded with the groomer very well.  Happy dog = happy owner.  Great service and I will definitely be back!  There is even a punch card so when you reach the 10th grooming it's 1/2 off.
5	I hate people I dont know squishing my bottom. I really hate it when we haven't been on a first name basis. Our doggy. Monty Alexander Jones, however likes it rubbed, squished, sniffed AND cleaned! But he can happily have his friends at Barking Dogs do it for him. I don't have to worry about getting in there for a butt scrub, because, as much as I love my doggy, I really am not into that, even living in Vegas. But if you DO like giving your doggy a big old bubble bath and would rather not leave ring around the shower, tub, or swimming pool, Barking Dogs has a full set up- including Aprons, soaps, scrubbers-- you should bring your own tooth brushes or they can sell you them. I mean for your dog, unless you need to brush your teeth, then by all means, do so. Back to Monty. Monty is a small guy- a Chihuahua, that we refer to as a Mini-lab because he is a. a service dog, and 2. the spitting image of a dog that looks as though he would find a Labrador and retrieve it. (Who spits at their images?) He is also a Nathan Lane sized drama queen when it comes to getting his claws clipped. To hear him have a clipper within inches of his little puppy toes is just about as the same level of squealing talent as hearing forty-four children grinding their teeth in unison while they're singing falsetto versions of Madonna songs. I swear, the last time I tried, I distinctly heard the words, "I'm too pretty to die this young!" come from his generally yappy-free mouth. It is nice to have a place to go to that offers full service grooming from nose to toes to tushy (glands and all), that is in my neighborhood. I can walk in, have the staff know my name, as well as my dogs, unlike most places, and know that Diva Dog his-own-self will be treated so well, he starts wagging his tail the minute he sees his groomer. Let me explain one thing here- my dog, a dedicated service animal- is not one to leave my side for any reason unless there is a massive pile of cheese steak distracting him. Rather than the food, the groomers are the most caring, gentle, kind, and loving people in all of Las Vegas. If he runs willingly to them, they are definitely doing the job well.In less than an hour, my boy goes from rolled-in-horse-poop-ate-kitty-litter-love-daddy-shoes-stinky boy to strutting little prince of the puppy posse.  You always know when he likes how he smells or feels clean because he prances, sides up to the prettiest women in the place, stands on  his hind legs and waves at them as if to say, "Check me out, ladies, I'm so hot,  you are going to wish you were canine!"  And, to add to this charm, as if Carly Simon was singing about him directly in Your So Vain, the groomers polish of their work with a bandanna, a scarf if you will, and a lovely scent. The Barking Dog also has a full treat bakery, and a variety of animal treats, gear and goodies, but this is NOT a review of that part of the business. I wanted to talk about clean bottoms, and that's the bottom line, (ohhh punography!)
5	We recently relocated here from Florida and have two Border Terriers (Guinness and Hamish).  Their grooming consists of hand stripping.  We were having difficulty finding a groomer here in the Vegas area.  Our vet recommended Barking Dogs.  Tyler did an excellent job and the boys look great.  Tyler and all his coworkers were very nice.  They have earned our recommendation.
5	I LOVE this place!! Kathy and her staff are very knowledgable when it comes to how to care and feed your pups! Before I started coming here I could hardly get my dogs to eat their trader joes food. Kathy recommended some things to try and even offered me samples before I bought anything. After trying a few new things my dogs are as healthy as can be and I know I'm still feeding them the best food (: you can tell that Kathy really does care about her customers as well as their pets, and it's nice to feel confident in what your feeding your dogs for their well being. Oh and also their bakery is AWESOME! I try to stop in once a week and get some fresh treats for my puppies, come and check this place out! You will love it too!!
5	I love this place! Everyone is sooooo nice!! My dog doesn't even shake when I drop her off I can tell she feels comfortable with everyone there! Great place!!!
5	Stopped earlier in the week as our previous groomer went out of business. Decided to stop and check out Barking Dogs since the reviews were good and it is close to us. When we stopped we met Kathy the owner and she was great and gave us a tour of the grooming and self wash areas. We looked over the entire store and the staff was so informative and helpful. They gave us a few samples of dog food they sell to see if our Morkie would like it. We set an appointment for Saturday for grooming and as clock-work he was done within a an hour and we both were very pleased. We walked out with a clean puppy & dog food.Kathy and the entire staff treated our dog as their own and we are happy new customers! Happy to find such a great place. They have their own doggy treat bakery and the treats are a hit in our house!
4	I love their self wash! Makes it convenient for pet owners. They supply everything from shampoos down to finishing your pet off with the best smelling colognes! At $13 plus free hot oil if u check in on yelp, it's worth checking this place out. The only downfall is, the products for sale are overly priced. Find what you like and buy it on amazon instead.
5	What a great place!! It was my first time there. And my first time bathing my 75lb princess by myself. The staff was welcoming, extremely accommodating and so friendly! They had everything I needed to get my pup clean at the sef wash. I was even able to sneak her into the grooming salon to get her nails trimmed. Saved a couple bucks off traditional grooming. Can't wait to go back for the hot oil treatment.
5	Wonderful place for dog-lovers to get quality food and products for our 4 legged family members! Staffs are always so courteous and friendly. So worth paying little xtra for better-made food in my opinion than dealing with "unnecessary" health problems due to cheaper food. My dogs even enjoy going for their washes there, except my bulldog hates the blow-dryer X)
5	I love this place! It's right down the street from my house so I take my dog there for his baths and he loves the homemade dog treats! The staff is always really friendly&helpful. It's a great neighborhood pet store.
4	a little expensive. my 4.5 lb Maltese is $45 to groom. but they're nice. friendly. even let u talk to the groomer and tell them how u want your dog groomed.
4	My dog needed a nail trim, cost $8 but they got 2 staff involved, one of them even got his face very near to my dog's mouth, very brave. I like people who take the initiative to get things done. Will definitely be back.The dog bathing is a very good experienceAfter the wash the store has a hugh shopping section, very fun and cute place.
5	It is easy to see why they constantly get five stars. Took my dog there for the first time and he was well taken care of. Everyone was attentive and nice. They even were kind enough to squeeze me in between appointments. The place feels very cozy and clean. Will deninitely come back and recommend this place to anyone.
5	a place to wash your dogs with a groomer on site who can clip nails, and if you don't feel like washing your dog, will wash the dogs for you!  it used to be a cute shop... but it's since expanded and is now a cool little pet store.  Food, treats, beds, toys, collars, food bowls,  etc..  They even have a little doggy bakery with cool baked goods!   We usually only come here to utilize the bath station that provides everything you need to hook your dogs up.  dryers, shampoos, conditioners, combs, brushes, towels, lotions, scents...  they walk out of there fresh and brand new.  we never fail to walk out with baked treats or a new toy.The owners are super nice and inviting... it's like they're letting you wash your dogs at their house.
5	Amazing selection of pet foods.  5/5Friendly Staff 5/5My dog loves the Ziwi Peak brand and she is beyond fussy when it comes to food.  Never used the self-wash or grooming services here. Review is just for the store.Love and recommend this place.
5	Oh my gosh, what's not to love?? Hubby & I took our 6 month old beagle, Scout, to try the self wash station. Bathing our dog in the bathtub wreaks havoc on our backs, makes a mess, takes forever to rinse him with a giant cup and he hates the blow dryer. So, we thought we'd try this out. It was so fantastic. The hydrosurge equipment was awesome. Puppy was scared at first but when that massaging stream of warm water hit his coat he totally relaxed. They offer 3 different soaps, a hypo allergenic, a citrus and sugar cookie. And we got the extra hot oil treatment which made him so soft, so fluffy and so cuddly. We dried him with their powerful blower and voila! We were done. No mess to clean up, no tub to clean, no floor to mop, no laundry to do and no aching backs!! Hooray! And everyone was super nice. Great customer service and an amazing dog bakery. This place is a gem and I'm thrilled to have it so close to home.
5	best place in las vegas to self wash your dogs.they make it easy as we both have disabiled backs.had a fun time.we buy a special shampoo for our king charles because the fragrance lasts for 10 to 12 days.at barking dogs the scent almost lasted a month.we live up in the n.w. and tryed another self dog wash what a waist of time.wish we had this dog wash closier to us.next time we will drive all the way down to barking dogs just to use their facilities.great place.we have a barking dogs by us but no self wash just bakery,foods and accessories.to the owner please build one up in the northwest like you one on south cimarron
5	My mommy took me there a few weeks ago to check it out, and I loved all the baked goods she got me, my favorite so far is the chicken nugget! Everybody there was really friendly and for the first time I wasn't scared, I always get scared when I visit new places. Mommy says I'm a really picky eater but they gave me some yummy food to try to see which one I liked, and now I have my favorite food :)I took Lily there yesterday for a full groom, and the groomer listened how I wanted the cut and she did an amazing job! I am very happy with the service! Lily was done in a little over an hour, which is amazing! In other dog grooming places I went I had to leave her there for the whole day and she always looked scared when I went to pick her up. When I went to get her she was happy and very comfortable with the groomer, that tells me that the groomer is caring and really likes dogs! You won't regret taking your dog there!
5	Tyler did another great job of grooming Hamish, our Border Terrier.  We would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a groomer in Vegas.
4	We have two dogs and bathing them in the shower can be messy, time consuming, and backbreaking. So after much discussion, we decided to try the self wash here at BD mostly because it was close to our house. The staff was great to show us the process of how to work the wash and dryer. They checked on us periodically which was helpful for first timers. The store offers plenty of treats, toys, and anything else you may need for your pets, but we are only interested in the wash. We were given a frequent bather card that will give discounts. We will be back every month or so depending on how dirty our dogs get.
4	They always take the time with my kids and are very good.  Sometimes they have a waiting list and often are booked up....so I recommend calling ahead to make an appointment.  But it is very worth it as the results speak for themselves.
5	I've been taking my little dog Barney to Barking Dogs for self-washes for the last 2-1/2 years. It certainly helps that it's right around the corner from my house, but I assure you I would drive to Barking Dogs even if I lived on the other side of town. The wash area is always spotless; the owners and staff are super sweet and friendly; and their selection of fun and healthy treats and food are fantastic. I also use their grooming services for my little guy's nails and extractions and they are fast and treat him very well...he's a bit of a scaredy-cat. Er, dog.I recommend Barking Dogs to all my friends, and you should too!
5	Absolutely love this place.  Been in Mountains Edge since 2008 and have been coming here since the day it opened.  The staff is extremely nice and helpful.  When I got my new puppy about a year ago, every food we tried upset her stomach.  Before this, I had gone to Barking Dog for treats, bathing, toys, etc, had never bought food here.  Finally out of frustration that my poor little puppy was just miserable went in and asked for suggestions.  They suggested Fromm and adding in some pumpkin puree and this herbal stuff, within two days, she was a completely different dog.  That herbal stuff was amazing and she still gets it on occasion, as she does the pumpkin puree.  The Fromm dog food, is the best for my picky little dog.  All in all, not only because of the convenience but just overall experience of this store, very highly recommended from myself and my little dog.
5	First of all I would like to commend Kathy for having such an amazing store. Kudos! No one comes close to what you offer. Thank you! Just took my Lola in to be groomed by Rachelle. What an incredible job she did. She looks so beautiful. The entire staff are so helpful and friendly. It's such a great place. Thank you again.
5	Amazing! So clean , doesn't have the wet dog smell ALOT of self grooming places have!!!!! The tub/wash area has nice tile and the rest of the place is adorable with a cute bakery area. Prices are great too!!!!! I will never go to another place! This is perfect!
5	Will be coming back. So much easier then at home....  bonus no clean up. This girl is happy. Plus so is she :)
5	I love this place! I get my dog washed here and I always buy her bones and treats from here. The staff is so sweet and they bear with answering all my questions. In fact, most of the staff knows my dog by name when we walk in! When I get her a bath, I also get her nails clipped and they have always done a great job with the clippings. I definitely recommend everyone to bring their dog here!!
4	The first time I came here I came to give my 70 pound dog a bath.  At the time they had a promotion where a certain amount of money went to the rescue that i got her from.  Im not one for needing to take my  dog out of the house for a bath, but figured it'd be fun and help charity.  The set up is good, 4 bathtub like sinks high enough that you don't kill your back... The shampoo comes out with the water which I'm not crazy about, but they had a choice of 3 shampoos and a conditioner, even hot oil!! I really like that they have the kong brushes (I'm sure you're familiar if you have a shedder) that work great in the tub.  Ive never been back for a bath as I've adopted 2 more and thats just too much dog excitement and lack of hands to handle.  They do have a great selection of treats and foods though, I mostly come for the treats, tons of bully sticks, antlers, raw bones, and tons more. The sales girls are always super nice, offering to help find the next (hopefully more long lasting) treat for my crazy chewers.
5	The owners are incredibly nice and the staff is so friendly. I took my dog in there for her very first bath and the staff helped me operate the self wash. They were also so kind and ordered my dog's food when I first moved to Vegas.
5	Great place. Kathy is amazing. My dogs are hooked on the raw bones. So I'm in often getting them. Love this joint.
4	We only use Barking Dogs for grooming, so the review would vary based on who does it. Kathy always is able to get us in short notice and remembers the girls. Our only complaint is that the bath and tidy is almost as much as the full groom when it's not even close in things that are done! We will still continue to use them!
4	Great service! My first time to bring my shitzu here! Jax "jojo" had a great time.! Thank you to Lindsay for helping me and showing me how the self grooming works! Well be back :)
5	Simply amazing! Went in for a self wash for my dog and ended up staying there over an hour playing with owner's dogs and chatting with Kathy. She is very sweet and will do anything to enhance you and your pets experience. I will tell all my friends with dogs about this wonderful place. Will be back again and again!
5	We love this place and our pups love it too :)  The owners and staff are super friendly and are always eager to help.  The do-it-yourself pet grooming is wonderful and saves you the mess of doing it at home. They supply the shower tubs, water, shampoo, towels,  brushes, and blow dryers!  They also offer a plentiful supply of pet foods, toys, grooming supplies, pet grooming,  and miscellaneous pet supplies; pretty much a one-stop shop. We can't say enough good things about this place and are very happy that they are located in our neighborhood.  We look forward to each visit and our pups enjoy their visits too!
5	My sister has been taking her dog Jax here since she moved to Vegas a year and a half ago. Jax gets so excited when she pulls up to this place, he absolutely loves it there. So when I moved to Vegas I took my little toy pomeranian Marty to them as well. They cut him specifically to what I asked for, everything was even and he looked adorable :) it's a doggie bakery too so I got him a frosted cookie after which he loved.
5	This place is so awesome! They provide you with all the tools to wash your own dog for only 13 dollars! The staff is so friendly and so nice in explaining everything to you. I loved my experience here, I have two big German  Shepards  and I will be bringing them again here very very soon and will be a continuous customer this place is so awesome I would highly highly recommend it :) loved it.
4	I love that this pet store is in my neighborhood. The owners truly care about animals, especially dogs seeing as they have two that hang out in the store daily. Their selection is amazing, everything you and your dog could possibly want. If I had a ton of money, I'd go crazy in here. The best part about their inventory is the amount of all natural and holistic products they offer. Their dog wash is pretty great too. Make sure to check in for 10% off your purchase and they even offer a dog wash stamp card. If you're a dog lover like me you won't be sorry.
5	I won't go anywhere else! Tyler is the best. Always done on time. The self wash is also great! Everything you need is provided. Staff is always friendly.
5	We have been going here for about a year. This place is wonderful. The employees are very positive and helpful. Every time we take our little ones to get groom they come out looking so cute!! Plus their bakery section is awesome!!!
5	Absolutely love the groomer at barking dogs!! I've been taking my shih tzu to a groomer that is quite a distance from my house just because the price was decent even though they only did an okay job. Decided to try barking dogs just cuz it's less than 5 minutes from my house. Described what I wanted to the groomer and I have to say she did the most amazing job on my dog. His cut around his face has never looked so good. Definitely worth the $45 plus tip that I thought was too much for a small dog at other places. I will definitely be back
1	Went to bring out two dogs to be groomed.  They want you to sign a waiver if they kill my dog or it gets bit by another dog on the premises that they are not responsible.  So who would be? Oh its no big deal said the lady behind the counter we have 5 more people waiting to be called for grooming.  Well good for you. Beware overpriced,  snob's, don't care about you or your dogs. Well thanks for nothing.  My prediction is your not going to be working there much longer with that attitude.
5	This place is great.  Friendly and knowledgeable staff, awesome groomers and the owners are wonderful.  Craig and Kathy are so passionate about what they do and it truly shows.  They offer a large selection of natural and holistic food, as well as an in-store bakery.  It's so easy to bring my 150lb dog in for a wash as their self-wash has a large shower stall for larger dogs.  I definitely recommend these guys.  Two thumbs up!
5	I have 2 dogs and love taking them in to Barking Dogs. The owner and her husband are wonderful as well as the super friendly staff. They have so many repeat customers and it's such a great feeling to walk in and they immediately know who you are and greet your dogs by their names. I feel really good about the high quality of their food selection and really good variety of pet treats. The bath tubs are awesome and simple to use. It's just a wonderful little neighborhood mom & pop shop.
5	I LOVE this place! I wash my dogs here and it's awesome, I can wash all 3 dogs so much quicker than I can at home because they have every possible tool you need to get the job done. They also have a blow dryer that dries them in half the time that my blow dryer does at home.I buy my raw dog food from here as well as natural treats and bones that my dogs are obsessed with! We also occasionally use the groomers for hair cuts :) Check this place out, everyone is super friendly and Kathy is a great owner!
5	I highly recommend the groomers who work here. workers and the owner are really caring. I've been a long time customer of this store because of their groomer and really great customer service.
5	I love a family owned business that genuinely care about their customers with the products and service they offer and the people at Barking Dogs are nothing short of being all-around amazing.Came here to get my Maltese groomed for the summer and they did an amazing job with it since Einstein (our Maltese) was developing baby dreads in the most random places. He came back smelling SUPER fresh and looked like a completely different dog (in a good way) since Malteses are usually the fluffy kind- And to see him without that amount of hair while still being cute is fascinating. This is our go-to spot for his food and treats as well. They offer small sample bags for your dog to try before deciding to buy a large bag since the prices are higher than most department stores but let me do add that the selection is 10 times better. You're looking at all-natural dog food similar to what Whole Foods and Trader Joe's would carry. And since my boyfriend and I usually eat all natural and organically, we figure we wanted the same for Einstein. (And he loves it!) We also got Einstein's bed here, along with some cool insulated dog bowls to keep his water cold for a good amount of time (yeah, he's kind of spoiled) but the quality of each product was too hard to pass up since Einstein deserves the best for being such a good dog (he truly deserves it). Bring in your dog someday! And he/she will never look at Petsmart or Petco the same way again. (LOL)
2	I have a mixed feeling about this place... but ultimately decided to give this place 1 star. And here is the reason why... We recently moved to Mountain's Edge and were in search of a new groomer for our 2 dogs (Dachshund terrier and Poodle mix). We saw the reviews for this place were good so decided to give it a try. They called us back in the expected time frame (about 5 hours). The dogs seemed fine and groomed. They did miss a couple of areas for our Dachshund (they missed his left ear and chest), but we didn't have any major complaints so we decided to take them again a few months later. The next time we went, it was my sister who paid and picked-up the dogs. When she was paying the tip for the groomer, the check-out girl saw the amount of tip and gave my sister a nasty look and asked if that was all the tip she was giving the groomer. My sister thought $30 for 2 small dogs for a simple hair and nail trims were enough (I have to mention that they are both well behaved dogs, and we have never had any complaints or problems with groomers, vets or people) And even if the tip wasn't enough, the girl should have not given her a dirty look and judged her. Ever since then, my sister refuses to take our dogs and her own dog to Barking Dogs. Not only because she was personally offended, but because she was afraid that they were going to mistreat our dogs for what they considered a "not enough" tip. The total for the 2 dogs was $90. We tipped more than 30%. We are now driving all the way back to our original groomer, Petiquette, where the owners and staff are friendly and they don't judge you for how much you tip, and where our dogs are well groomed and taken care of.
5	The owners Kathy and Craig are awesome! I have been a loyal customer for years for our English Bulldog Brutus. The owners and their staff treat every dog as if it is their own pet. The store is loaded with hard to find items and our dog loves anything from the bakery.A must see for any dog lover.
5	This place was great. I went in at around 6pm for a self watch. They gave me a lot of guidance and I really did need it. I got my German Shepard a nice hot oil treatment and a blueberry facial. his coat has never been softer. They also had, along with many other selections, Argan oil coat spray for when you're all done. They have a great variety of brushes and a few different shampoos. I kind of used a mixture of tee tree and shed control shampoo. I also bought a pretty big bottle of this stuff that you put in your dogs water to help with bad breath and dental health (I can't remember what its called) I had an over all great experience. The wash its self was $13 and the hot oil was an extra $5. totally worth it. The bottle of dog breath solution was $15 a good price for a product that works so well. I highly recommend this place.
5	Love this place! Come in here to wash my dog once in a while but come here more for the dog bakery and pig ears... My boxer loves those! :) Staff has always been extremely nice so that is definitely a plus!!
5	Amazing people behind the counter .. Great spot for holistic food & goat milk .. My baby girl loves the pupcakes .. Kathy is the best!! After loosing my animal spirit of 10 years it was hard talking to people about her .. They understand that our pets are family.
