2	Hostess - I called to see if we could make reservations and they told us it was all booked for the rest of the night. When we walked by we asked for a table for 2 and a high chair then they told us to wait 15 minutes and that they didn't have any highchairs. First thing that's comes to mind is how could they NOT have high chairs!?! (Which they did have. She probably didn't know what a high chair for a baby was?) 20 minutes later we were finally seated. ...The back of the restaurant has a bunch of empty tables. They were seating 6 top booths with only 2 people in it. The bigger booth had 4 people in it. For myself, my friend, and my baby they sat us in their smallest 2 top table. Ridiculous. These hostesses will definitely lose the restaurant a lot of customers and money if they don't learn how to do their job rightServer Mija - Very nice, attentive, and welcoming. I asked her why they didn't have high chairs there and she assured me that they did so brought me one for my son. Thanks a ton! On top of that I asked her if they had any milk but they didn't so she went out of her way to go to The Griddle Cafe next door to get some for my son. Great Service!FOOD
1	Very disappointed. Shrimp and Pork Siu Mai had little flavor and no seasoning. The Superior Wonton Soup tasted more like water from Lake Superior. I ordered the soup recommended by the server but was then informed the soup was not available. I saw John Curtis a local food critic there eating  with Andy Wang, if they give this place a good review we know they were comped. I will stick with my favorites on Spring Mountain , which is a shame because I can walk here from my condo.
2	Slightly below average Chinese food for way above average price.  The flavors of the various noodles we tried are okay, but they could really do a better job on both presentation and how they cook their core product - the noodles.  The noodles were definitely overcooked, which is a bit of a waste considering that these are hand pulled. Worst complaint is that you are paying an arm and a leg for Chinese food ($20+ on average), and the portions are absolutely tiny.  Any average guy will need 2 orders.  No really.  They are still figuring their shit out here as of their grand opening, which is when I came.  Give them a few weeks; maybe it will get better.  Or maybe they won't.
1	Come for: good serviceSkip: the foodThe sauces and broth were bad but the noodles were good. Portions are extremely small. Don't be fooled by the size of the bowl, the amount of noodles inside barely covers the bottom and that's for an average of $17/bowl. You can also skip the shu mai even with gold on top, it tasted so bad. Service was nice but I wouldn't come back for sub sub par food.
1	Ok, where to begin. First we were told by the hostess that there was not any way they could seat us because they somehow had the place booked out for reservations. Can't see how that could have been possible when there were only 2 or 3 tables with people seated. We had a party of 7 of us, and had to ask to speak to the manager since we were not sure how they could turn people away with so many empty tables. We were really excited to try this place out since we frequent so many noodle places in and outside of LV. Somehow the hostess came back and said they could seat us after all.Wish we would have realized then that we would have been better off going anywhere else to eat but here. Once seated we ordered drinks and they came out looking good but tasted meh. Then ordered the Lucky 12 Shui Mai platter. That came with only a vinegar sauce. We had to ask for the chili sauce and soy sauce which the soy sauce never came and the chili sauce was more of a BBQ chili. The dumplings came out barely warm. The flavor of all the types that were included in the dim sum combo were all dry, terrible and not at all like any dim sum I have ever had before, and I have had a lot of dim sum all over in Asia. We also ordered the hot pot which was completely flavorless along with the won ton soup, I agree with the other yelper Lisa N. We ordered the La Mein which the noodles were way overcooked and had a bitter flavor to them. Just terrible. Then came the Watermelon salad with Cilantro and mint. This was so sugary it should have been more of a dessert item than salad. Not too many Asians I know like sweetness to this level in their food. We told the server everything was awful and I asked him if he thought the food was good and he looked at us nervously and said that he felt the food was terrible as well.Wait it gets better and worse from here....we asked to talk to the manager and he completely defended the food as if we were crazy to think it was bad which we soon realized why. Jose Andres the owner was sitting at a table not far from ours. Me being the ballsy kinda girl I am approached Jose Andres directly about the food. I let him know that the food was not good in fact terrible and many changes would need to happen if he wanted to get returning customers. He told me he thought it was wonderful and that I have bad taste. I told him what was going wrong with just the dim sum and he said he would pay for our meal. I said I was not trying to get a free meal just trying to offer him some "REAL" feedback on how the food he was offering was from a customer's perspective. He told me not to come back and I said "No problem." Good luck to him. Even if he begged me to come try the food again free or even payed me I would not trust "HIS' palette on anything Asian.
2	The modern decor reminds me of some cafe in Hong Kong but bigger, and decorated with bags of rice.  Nothing special.  The menu is eye poppingly expensive for a casual noodle joint.  That's why I took a picture of it.  I ordered the lucky 12 which is their seu mai combination.  Of course they served me wonton soup instead.  I got my order in due course.  It was flavorful.  I liked the dim sum better than China poblano.  That's not saying much.  The dish cost $5 more than it should.  I could forgive that with stellar service and impeccable decor but alas, none was on offer.  The waitress has now asked me if I wanted my check twice.  Why would I change my mind after I said, "yes" the first time?  I blame management who obviously did not train the staff well or hired the wrong people.  They seem to be more concerned with table side service than making sure there is a proper flow in service throughout the restaurant.  Don't worry about the show if you can't get the basics right.
1	Had pork/shrimp shu mai, crawling ant noodles, wonton soup, water, soda for $60. Shu mai had cute gold flakes on them but very greasy and falvorless. Noodles very good and clearly hand made which we appreciated but everything lacked flavor. I concede that maybe it was sooooo authentic that we didn't know what we were eating but 1.) I'm asian 2.) I've been to lots of dim sum places 3.) my mom made wonton soup for us growing up. Service was good and attentive, though, which should have brought this to two stars until I got the bill. Just no way to justify the food quality for that price.
1	Should read review before going, felt have to come here to write review. Everything people comment is true. You are almost shocked by the vol for food and think that they must divided food in the kitchen for you. Can't understand how can you make a noodle at the price with that quality and quantity.
5	Loved loved loved this place. So came here with sister on here birthday!! Mind you we're from Cali! We sat at the bar, and was helped by this passionate mixologist Lina. Only call her this because the drink was nothing a bartender could make!! Beside her professionalized service, she made sure we were taking care of! I'm telling you we never had to raise our hand for another drink she was right there before we drank our last sip!! I so dig this place and can't wait until this weekend to go back and have a green tea margarita!! Cheers Ku Noodle for your great staff!!
5	The best thing about this place is the service! And I'm a person who totally believes service is the most important part of dining out, otherwise I'd just eat at home. Lina was my bartender and service. She was friendly, helpful, and outgoing. She seemed to love her job and take pride in being a part of SLS.The food was fantastic. I had a soup that the noodles tasted like dumplings just like your grandma made. Everything was fresh. The soft poached egg was perfect. I'm a local so I'll definitely be back!
5	I visited SLS Casino and I came across Ku Noodle's... The staffs were very friendly and great service.... I tried the crispy bao bun , dan dan mein and henpo noodle...They were all good! The prices are a little steep but it was worth it... I'm coming back again!!
5	Amazing Fresh Food!  The dim sum was incredible and the noodle soup was to die for. Great Great Great Jose!!!
1	Two plates and a tiny appetizer $48.00 Now if it were worth it no problem BUT the wonton soup had no flavor, noodles were under cooked . The soup it's self wasn't filling , such a huge bowl for a tiny serving. Bring your own hot sauce since they don't have any. This place looks to be great but don't be fooled. Never ever coming back.
3	"So I went to visit the new SLS Hotel and Casino Las Vegas finally". The hotel is alright I guess, but I come for cuisine! We landed upon this place "Ku Noodle". We enter the restaurant and are immediately seated, "I love that!" Our waiter is super friendly and very helpful with choosing items off of the menu and as well as cocktails, "Something I rarely get upon being seated at other restaurants". Anyways, I order a green tea margarita because it sounds just down my alley and it was good! For food, I decide on the "Treasure of the Sea Hot Pot". The hot pot was delicious: Scallop, Clam, Shrimp, Bok Choy, and rice noodle bathing in a wonderful seafood broth. We also had some of their dim sum. It was good, but could use a little more flavor to it. Overall, "I can say I did enjoy my dine here". P.S. "Bring your chopstick game!" Lol. I surely wasn't prepped.
1	Went here for lunch yesterday.  Being Chinese I know what I'm talking about when it comes to quality and authenticity of Chinese food.  The food was extremely expensive, small portions, and not tasty.  I ended up getting a pizza from 800 degrees a hour later because I was still hungry after spending $60 for sucky food.I will never go to this establishment again.
1	Terrible. They didn't write down our order right. Also took 45 minutes to get our food. I don't understand how they could expect to do well with this speed. I would never come here again. Found plastic in our food. Wtf? It's like eating Panda Express version of Chinese food but higher prices and not as good as Panda Express. At least the manager Tony compt our entire meal...
2	The food wasn't bad. But the portions were out of wack for the price I could have gone to a better restaurant and be content with what I ate.
1	This is not Chinese food. If you must have Chinese food on the Strip, go to Jasmine or Noodles at the Bellagio, or Zine at the Palazzo, which have chefs that are experienced with Chinese cuisine. My noodle soup had Virginia ham added to it? The waitress asked if I would like sugar in my tea? Five stars for Bazaar Meat, thumbs up to The Griddle, but sorry, no to Ku Noodle. For an authentic, casual Asian dining experience in the hotel, how about a Din Tai Fung or Momofuku instead? I would line up for that. The experience I'm picturing for this location would be like 99 Noodles at the Wynn Macau.
2	Super excited about trying this awesome noodle place but ended up very disappointed. We were a party of 7 and tried the Dim Sum lucky 12 appetizer and wonton soup... awful! :( Way over priced and unimpressed with the food. Sad that a brand new casino you want so badly to be successful does so poorly with food quality.
2	BEWARE, IF YOU LIKE FOR YOUR FOOD TO TASTE GOOD, DO NOT EAT HERE. Holy bland food alert batman!!! Before i get started, I can say the only reason we went here is because the viewing window of the shumai chef made us interested and the fact that bazaar meats would accept a walk in. ANYWAY, server was sweet, but lacked basic menu and drink knowledge. The chefs CANNOT be tasting the food before they send it. The wonton soup literally tasted like water. It was horrible. Had the shumai (lucky-12) and they were simply flavorless. The bao bun tastes like a pork burger. Had two other noodle dishes and total was $106...
3	I know this place had some horrible reviews, but I can't totally hate on this place. THE CONS: The decor leaves something to be desired (all white tile-made me think of public bathroom.) The prices are ridiculously expensive. The hot noodle dishes are not great. Supposed in house made noodles are all super chewy & underdone. THE PROS: Our server was AMAZING & was very attentive & very informative! The Watermelon Radish Salad, Congee & Taiwanese Shaved Ice were all to DIE FOR!!! The manager was AWESOME & took care of us!!! The dessert alone was worth going back for, but with such expensive prices & not great main dishes, I don't know how long this place will be here...
1	I stayed at the SLS during opening weekend and everything was fantastic but this place is a FAIL! Although the service is excellent and they are open late (which is perfect for those late night noodle cravings) the food is just not good, in fact its horrible.  Go to the Griddle next door instead, you won't be disappointed.
2	I would have to agree with one of the reviewers here when they said that the best thing about this restaurant is the service.  But I think that is all that was really good about this place.  The food was just okay.  Not worth the price, especially for a joint that's on the strip.  It lacked alot.  $8 for some siomai that I can get at any dim sum restaurant. 6 pieces and it was tiny and lacking.  I've had way better.  The serving sizes are very small and will hardly fill you up.  Thank goodness we had a food voucher, otherwise, I would be terribly pissed off that I spent $73 on a small rice dish that they claimed can feed 3-4 people but was hardly enough for 2.  All in all, I was highly disappointed and HUNGRY after leaving the place.  Never again.
1	I can't see this place staying open much longer. It was dead at lunch and for $60 plus tip was so not worth it. I had a greet tea margarita ($14) and it was small and forgettable. My friend had dan dan Mein noodles while I had the shrimp crispy noodles. The service was great however nothing else was. My shrimp dish tasted ok... Definitely not worth $25 but after I got home I was immediately sick and have been for 5 hours now. Save yourself and stay away from this place.
5	Came in to take my Bride for our simple night out on our 20th Wedding Anniversary!A Pleasant young man (ISIA) greeted us in the front and seated us in a very nice roomy booth. Then came our server (SERGIO) who is also Nice and Pleasant and helped us with the menu and made plenty of suggestions to make our picks really easy. We ordered the Wonton soup with egg noodles which is alright and the Highlight of our dinner which is the Hakka Rice! Oh man! That was some Beautiful Food! It's a must try dish! Everyone seems to be on top of their game! (Service that is!) A fine gentleman approach us (TONY) and checked and see how we are doing and Congratulated us on our Anniversary and gave us something Special which we really enjoyed! To all of You guys that I mentioned THANK YOU ALL for a Wonderful evening at KU Noodle. We Will Be Back!
3	The shu mai dumplings were the best I've ever had,  but the noodles fell a little short to give it a higher rating.
1	Jose Andres, just because you're a chef (a great one) doesn't mean you can put your spin on anything.  I walked by at 11:30 and was thinking if I don't try it now I don't know when I'll be able to so might as well.  The menu is pretty limited, not like Noodles or Red8.  I asked the waiter what he recommended between a couple of noodles and he said la mein lo mein.  When it came out, I had two bites and all I tasted was immense salt, soy sauce and what seemed to be msg.  I told the waiter this was way too salty to eat and he was nice enough to take it off my bill.  I didn't want to be adventurous again and decided to order the wonton noodle soup thinking this can't be screwed up.  Guess what?  It was.  The wontons were so salty and had a terrible taste to it.  The noodles texture weren't great, it was softer than normal and again the bowl of noodles just felt like it had a lot of msg and salt in there.  The waiter asked how it was and I again gave the thumbs down.  They then sent the manager over who was kind enough to explain to me this is Jose Andres spin on Chinese food and it's not traditional Chinese cuisine.  Anyway please don't put any spins on Chinese food if you aren't going to do it well.  The manager ended up comping my meal which I thought was very nice.  I'm giving this place one star because the service was good and that's it.
5	Great new spot inside the SLS hotel. Loved the service from the bartender. Very knowledgable, engaging staff. Friendly. Tasty. Loved it.
1	I'm not Chinese. I don't speak the language. But I'm pretty sure "Ku" is Chinese for "You gonna get screwed!"We sure did. The prices here are outrageous, a common theme in the reviews.They could have saved a ton of money on the plates and bowls by purchasing smaller versions to match the small portions. I'm not quite sure what exactly the idea is from a marketing standpoint when restaurants use great big dishes for tiny portions. I can't eat the bowl. Add more stuff. It's not morels or truffles...it's f'n noodles! In the grand scheme of things in a restaurant they're free compared to things like meat, vegetables, seasonings, flavor. Did I mention the flavor? I had ants crawling on a stick, not literally, that was the name of the dish. No stick, no ants, no crawling unless you include me crawling to the toilet later in the day... This stuff was spicy but lacked flavor, extremely salty, left a taste in my mouth like a shoe and induced acid reflux which lasted at least three hours. I love Chinese food. I'm not even sure the guys in the kitchen were Chinese. They looked like they had been working at Burger King the week before.My wife had the 'Superior Wonton Soup'...NOT! She kept on saying, these are box noodles, these are box noodles...except they don't taste as good. Then the bill came. Toxic shock, soft drink, iced tea and the two dishes, $50. Like I said, "Screwed again!" Funny thing about the way Yelp is treating these reviews. Many of you have provided extremely detailed negative and I might add based on my personal experience, wholly justified comments. Yet Yelp has chosen to summarize only positive reviews at the top of the page of reviews. Any poor unsuspecting reader intent on deciding if Ku is worth a visit, could be mislead by this obviously misleading practice. They gonna get 'Kued!'
5	Dined for the first time at Ku Noodle on Saturday, September 27 with my boyfriend. The service was excellent. Megan was our server; very well informed about the food and beverages along with being very personable.  Cat, the manager, was excellent as well, making sure that my boyfriend and I were happy and well fed. Onto the food; we ordered the pork and scallop shumai, sweet tomato salad, mushroom and celery salad, the tomato and egg noodles, the Hakka fried rice pot, the coconut shaved ice. -Pork and Scallop Shumai: perfectly bite sized with excellent flavored. Well made, perfectly steamed. -Mushroom and Celery Salad: I love vinegar so I love the flavored of this salad, it can be an acquired taste though. -China's Sweetest Tomato Salad: Definitely one of my favorite dishes. So refreshing. I don't usually like a lot of sweets but the tomatoes came out looking so fresh and so juicy. Then she topped it with raw sugar which was absolutely amazing. The tomatoes burst in your mouth with juices and the raw sugar was not too sweet which my boyfriend and I found to be the perfect combination. If I could've had multiple plates of this I would've. -Hakka Fried Rice Pot- you need to get this right after the tomato salad. So tasty. They bring you this hot pot with all the ingredients of it neatly presented with a fried egg, enoki mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, Chinese sausage, drizzled with this sweet soy sauce. They mix at the table and because the pot is so hot, some of the rice gets crispy at the bottom, which is my favorite part. -Tomato and Egg Noodles- I was a big fan of this dish because it reminded me of my dad's pasta he makes with lots of tomatoes and eggs. These noodles are a bit in the sweeter side, probably because of the tomatoes but I think it's really good. I personally added some of the black bean chili sauce and it was perfect. -Coconut Flavored Shaved Ice- we topped our coconut ice with caramelized crispy rice with chocolate crisps, mocha, and condensed milk. By the time we ordered this, we were beyond stuffed. But Megan and Cat both convinced us to get it because they said we wouldn't regret it and they were right. Oh my gosh this was so good. My boyfriend and I fought over every bite. The coconut shaved ice is amazing. And all the flavors and textures worked perfectly together. The chewiness of the mochi, sweetness of the condensed milk and coconut ice, along with the crunchiness of the chocolate crisps and crispy rice were all sooooo good. Don't skip dessert! Prices were decent for a Jose Andres place and I think all the prices have been reduced.  This place is the go to place for excellent service, a quick bite, and great food. We will be back!
1	Health hazard! Decor and extremely high price suggests high quality, handmade food.  It's not.Taste is awful. That's actually not my main complaint. Taste is suggestive after all.  Trying to be Din Tai Fung I think.Portions are miniscule.  $25 for three tiny shrimp.  Appetizers are bigger than this place's entrees.However, my main problem is the fact that they serve raw meat.  And it's not steak tartare.  It was a won ton noodle soup.  Won tons are supposed to be pork and shrimp.  No shrimp.  That would cost them too much.  This was corn starch, gravy, and some meat I think was pork.  Yes, it was awful.  Not the main problem.  Owner insulted me and we got into an argument about it.  He said I didn't understand what fusion food is.  Fine.  We'll agree to disagree.  It doesn't change the fact that the pork was RAW!  You can't serve raw pork!  You can pass intestinal worms that way.Our poor waiter was so embarrassed.  He even said that he doubted he would see us again but if he did, he hoped they would have improved.  The health department will probably shut them down first.
2	Their Sake Punch is really Good! But I ordered their Spicy Pork noodle dish (can't remember the name) and I did not like it, it was really thick and bland. There was very little meat and it was chopped so small it pretty much blended in with the noodles and sauce. My friend ordered the Japanese Soba, which I liked (but it's a really simple dish to begin with). Along with a Banzai Bunny White Peach Sparkling Sake ($35 for 300ml )There Chicken and Mushroom Dim Sum taste like Steam Dumpling and are really small in size, it was nothing special! Since the Soba was decent maybe I will try this place again but than again I highly doubt it. The tab came out to $90
4	Items Selected:Thai Iced TeaSnow Pea Leaf Salad - Orange, Lily Bulb Petals, Mint, WalnutLucky 12 - Shrimp & Pork Siu Mai with Jicama, Mushroom, Peanut / Pork & Scallop Siu Mai with Bamboo, Shiitake Mushroom, Sesame / Chicken & Cloud Ear Mushroom Siu Mai with Goji Berries, Oyster Sauce, Soy Sauce / Huhhot Siu Mai with Lamb, Cumin, Scallion, OnionCrispy Bao Bun - Pork, Pickled Vegetable, Peanuts, Cilantro"Strange Wonders of Shaanxi" - Wheatbelt Noodle, Braised Lamb, Pickled Daikon, CuminCongee - Chinese Sausage, Lily and Lotus Bulbs, Chickpea, Peanut, Poached EggMalted Milk Taiwanese Shaved Ice with Almond Jelly, Caramelized Peanuts, Crunchy Chocolate Pearls, CaramelNo stranger to Chef Jose Andres or the concepts born from thinkfoodgroup it was with great curiosity that I entered Ku Noodle on Saturday evening and with a menu largely selected by GM Ceilidh Lamont along with her team in kitchen I'm happy to say my expectations were exceeded.  Sparsely decorated but brightly lit, with white porcelain and leather beset by mirrors on both sides, it was just after 5pm that I found myself seated at a table near the back of the space and soon greeted by the first of several servers I couldn't help but be impressed, each smiling face possessing both knowledge and opinions on the cuisine plus a whimsical professionalism far too infrequently seen in Casino dining these days.  Beginning first with dark tea liberally sweetened by coconut milk alongside a light salad, vibrant with mint playing off the sweetness of peeled orange segments, it would not be long before the table was flooded with heavier hitting flavors and presented as a four-part feast the only question was where to start - an answer soon found in the appropriately named "Lucky 12" and its four triplets of innovative Siu Mai as each delicate wrapper was stuffed to bursting with poignant flavors set against accoutrements including tobiko, goji berry, and even gold leaf.  Not to be outdone by dim sum the next bites of Ku were of the signature noodles and although future visits will be required to sample other styles I have to say the texture of the thick wheatbelt variety speaks volumes, each tender bite teaming with spice in a broth rendered from lamb neck as pickled radish helped to temper the spice.  Having already heard good things about the bao and happy to confirm that the fist-sized umami-bomb on deep-fried bun is every bit as delicious as its ingredient profile would indicate it was finally in lowly congee that I indulged and although most will eschew such a pedestrian option in a place like this suffice it to say that this is not your mom n' pop rice porridge, the silky stock itself teaming with vibrant spices and all the better for bites imbued with egg, tender vegetables, peanuts, and a whole lot of funk-meets-sweet meat.  At this point quite sated but unable to resist dessert described as 'can't miss' by nearly everyone in the restaurant my final decision of the evening was which of the eight flavors of Taiwanese Shaved Ice to choose and eventually opting for Malted Milk with a trio of toppings plus one sauce I'll simply say that anyone who thinks Snowflake is 'amazing' needs to stop by The SLS ASAP, the $9 bowl more than enough for two to share with rich flavor amidst a stunning texture that you are actually encouraged to experience with chopsticks in order to focus on each snowy crystal...at least until you give into temptation and grab a spoon to fully indulge in a mouthful and never look back until scraping the bowl clean.Undoubtedly facing an uphill battle in a city where cheap meats and ramen shops speckle Spring Mountain Road, Ku Noodle presents an upscale option for those willing to invest in quality ingredients, innovation, and presentation.  Perhaps my favorite thinkfoodgroup experience to date, outside of 'e,' every single plate at Ku Noodle proves Chef Andres dedication to both quality and creativity while the staff is every bit as well trained, efficient, and pleasant as that at Bazaar - something you surely aren't going to find on Spring Mountain where service is often an afterthought, at best.
1	I really don't care for how small the portions are here but my god the taste was terrible.The service here was ok. The waitress constantly checked on us and it was good enough for me to leave her a tip.The food here was terrible. I had their Lucky 12 siu mai (an order of 4 different siu mai 3 each. One of them was at par it was edible. The others my god what were you thinking when you made these. Is this something you would eat for lunch and dinner? For my self after one bite I couldn't eat it any more.I also had an order of their crispy ocean noodle. Nothing special the sauce they added on to it just made it feel like its suppose to be like chow mein? but its crunchy? not memorable or appetizing at all.When the server asked me how the food was I let her know she told me that she would bring the manager over I told her not to but to just bring me the check. She was nice enough to bring us dessert. She brought us Thai shaved ice which was decent. My note to this was if you're going to us fruits please use fresh ones or at least try your own fruits before you serve it. They had blue berries and strawberries in the shaved ice and both were bitter.Ku noodle has to really just change their menu out or reinvent themselves or they might fail.
1	This is the second visit to Ku noodle... I was very disappointed with the portion of the food... First time it was great but now it's like half of the portion... The food didn't taste the same. Service is great but the food isn't the same.... Good bye Ku-Noodle.
2	We just moved to Las Vegas and wanted to check out the new SLS.  We decided to have lunch at Ku Noodle because of the bright, clean dining room and delicious-looking menu.  The service was amazing and the waitress did a good job of explaining the dishes to us.  We decided on the Shrimp & Pork Siu Mai (Very good!) and the Crispy Ocean Noodle dish.  The waitress said the noodle dish was a very large dish, enough for two people.  She must have been talking about the size of the plate rather than the portion, because it was far from a 2-person plate of food.  It was delicious, but there were only three shrimp and they had the heads on.  Some people may like this, but we were grossed out by it.  The waitress was very apologetic about it and said that she should have mentioned that the shrimp came with the heads on.  However, it really should be mentioned on the menu.  Another thing not mentioned on the menu is that there are no free refills on tea.  I had a small glass of iced tea for $4 and since the menu didn't state "no refills", I asked for seconds assuming it would be free of charge.  I was not told that there would be another $4 charge for the additional tea, so I was very surprised to see the additional charge on our bill.The food is good, but way overpriced.  The dining room has a casual vibe and the service is amazing, but with food prices this high, I expect a little more, like maybe not having servers in jeans and t-shirts.  This place really isn't worth the price and we won't go back.  For great noodles at a great price, we prefer Noodle Asia at The Venetian.
5	I don't know why people gave this place 2.5 stars. We came her and had dinner and it was awesome! Gluten free, sea food and vegetarian options available. Nice bar, including Japanese scotch. Service was awesome. And the desert-coconut shaved ice was the best desert I ever had in my life!i am going back tomorrow!
4	Really friendly servers and hostesses, love the decor and layout, food is good. Loved the siu mai sampler, the hot noodles are great, and LOVED the taiwanese shaved ice.
4	Overall, we enjoyed our meal at Ku. We ordered the Snow Pea Leaf Salad, which was light and refreshing. We also had the Lucky 12 Siu Mai (the pork & scallop and the shrimp & pork ones were the best). The Crispy Bao Bun was very tasty and different. For the main course, we ordered the Dan Dan Mian - these were alright, and the Hakka Fried Rice Pot (star of the show). We also had the bok choy with mushrooms - very tasty. It was a bit loud and the staff does not wear uniforms so it is hard to tell who  works there and who doesn't, but it was a fun atmosphere and a nice meal.
3	It was okay. A bit overpriced for what you get. Visited twice so far and will probably not go back unless an out of town friend or family member wants to go.My first visit wasn't that great considering the waiter/bartender could not tell me which noodles were what. The dish I received was okay but tiny for $17+.Second visit, I had to come back for the Golden Pork Mein. Pretty good for what little pork and belt noodles were in the dish.Overall a solid 3 for LV Center Strip food. Service was a bit slow both times but friendly.
5	Decided to check out this place with friends during our stay at SLS. The food was delicious. The noodles are made from scratch and you can taste the quality. My favorites were the Crispy Bao Bun and the Hakka Fried Rice Pot. It's a great place to have a family style kind of meal. Our server Alex was helpful in food recommendations and just amazing overall. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone staying in Vegas.
5	awesome food. some say a little pricey, but with the quality ku noodle puts into their food, it's worth it. ALEX, u r wonderful! thanks for the awesome and attentive service!
3	i'm not a noodle eater, this was actually my first time and i thought it was alright. my only qualm with the experience was the sell on the Dan Dan Mian. i am super sensitive to spice and the server told me it wasn't that bad 'mild' in fact. YA RIGHT! i suffered through it because the textures of the dish were great! there is loud music that plays... service was fast, but menu is over priced. expected for a vegas hotel.
5	Ku Noodle is amazing! There is nothing like fresh hand-made noodles & dumplings. You can really taste the quality of the ingredients and the skill and care to prepare it all is quite evident. We had the shumai sampler, the crispy pork bao and the spicy pork hand cut noodles. The flavours and textures of everything were amazing! We finished with the shaved ice dessert. I thought snow cone but it was more like freshly fallen snow. This dessert is insane. It will blow your mind like it blew mine. The service was very friendly and attentive. Well done Jose and all your staff. An exceptional experience!
5	Ku noodle is the perfect place for authentic Chinese food. Catherine was amazing and very accommodating. There was an item that ran out but she made it happen for me. Patrick my bartender was very knowledgable and made this amazing drink called nakamura. I will be coming back because of these two.
5	Came here again with some friends. Shared the Hakka rice and fried wontons. The Hakka is probably one of the best rice dishes I've had in a long time. What's not to love? Pork belly, Chinese sausage, mushrooms and egg all rolled into one dish with some crispy rice. I'll definitely be back to try more food.
4	Stayed here for a conference for the first time and my experience has been more than lackluster.  Until I came to Ku Noodle. My bartender, Lina, was amazing. Extremely friendly, helpful and eager to serve. She took an interest in my dining experience and ensured that I was pleased at all times. However, the GM Ceilidh was not as warm. Lina was serving me and the GM interrupted her to help her with a transaction.  Rather than lead by example, greet me and apologize for the interruption, she was cold and didn't even make eye contact with me. The SLS and SBE are world renowned and emphasize stellar service.  A simple hello and how's your meal would have sufficed. The food was delicious.  Lina recommended a delicious beer and a very comforting vegetable and noodle soup. Not typical to find such yummy Asian soup on the strip, I'll definitely be back for another bowl. The 4 stars reflect Lina and the food, there would be been all 5th had the GM been remotely nice.
1	The service here is very slow. Our main dish came before our appetizer. And the food was mediocre and over priced. Will not recommend this place to anybody. But the manager was kind enough to wave our bill.
1	Ku Noodle, I'm at the SLS Hotel for an conference for two weeks which started 11-3 and runs through 11-14-14. My colleagues and I decided to eat at Ku Noodle for lunch. When we ordered we let the waitress know that we had to leave in 45 minutes to head back to the conference. The waitress said no problem. When we had about 10 minuets until we were done, we asked the waitress for our bill and she said ok. After finishing lunch we started to get worried because we would get in trouble if we were late getting back to the conference because it could delay the afternoon session.  We then asked one of the busboys if he would please let our waitress know we were going to run late if we didn't get the check and he said he would let her know right away. We then observed the busboy stopping at every table, 4 to be exact, and he had a conversation at every table completely disregarding our request. We would like to add that we were very polite. I then asked my colleagues to get up and head for the cashier to see if she could ring us out. We found the waitress talking to someone and when she saw us she did say sorry, but she hadn't even started to ring us out at all. Yes some of us were late getting back to the conference. Now for the food. We all decided to order separate dishes and share all of our food. There were six of us and we all only liked one noodle dish a little bit. We did not like any of the other dishes. Most of us thought the dishes were very bland and didn't taste good at all. We do not recommend Ku Noodle food or service at the SLS Hotel at all. Thank you for your attention to this matter.
5	Noodles bomb! Service bomb! Try the shaved ice it's the best thing ever! They make their own noodles which is really awesome. I had a great dining experience.
4	Some of our friends went here and said it wasn't all that, but I wanted Asian food and this was the only Asian restaurant in our hotel that was open at the time, so my friend and I decided to give it a try anyways. I actually enjoyed their food. Most of their lamb dishes are made with cumin, which definitely takes some getting used to, there's a pungent taste to it. Their noodles are handmade, the dough kneaded and and threaded individually into noodles, tasting very similar to udon noodles, just not as visually symmetrical. In my opinion, the food encompasses a traditional Taiwanese style of cooking. The food is lightly seasoned, the meat is tender and well cooked, and the vegetables fresh. The presentation of the food is simple, consistent with the cooking style. The restaurant set up is modern with Chinese writings on the mirrors that makes it look too busy and a little tacky. Word of caution, if you're not accustomed to more authentic Chinese food and are looking for more Americanized Chinese dishes, something safe, then this would not be the place to go, it's more of an acquired taste.
5	I asked the waitress if she had any recommendations for a vegetarian dish. She told me about the Beijing Tomato noodle bowl. Absolutely delicious! She also recommended a green bean dish (currently not on the online menu so it must be new) it was topped with roasted almonds and limeJuice. Both dishes were great! I'm one satisfied Vegetarian! (Which is rarely the case!) Also the service was efficient and quick. I had no issues. :)
3	Food was okay. Not the best. Definitely have a very small menu which I'm assuming so it's not to crowd the items on it. The one problem is that the prices should go down. The serving portions are kind of small and your paying more than you should.Another thing is I made reservations but couldn't get a table and had to sit at the bar. 2 people in front of me who didn't have reservations were sat at a table. Shouldn't I be able to get the table if I made a reservation? I guess that's how they run this place....
4	Date & Time:  Saturday November 15, 2014 @ NoonScene:  Couples & Groups in Fitted Tee's & Girls in Crop Tops, Cut-Offs or Rompers w/ Wedges or Strappy Flat SandalsMusic:  EDMDecor:  Fun & Contemporary. Chinese Graffiti on Mirrored Wall, White Bar, Tables & BoothsService:  Chatty, Young, HipDevour:  Shui Mai Sampler Platter, Hand-Pulled Noodles, Shaved Ice for Dessert- We Opted for Coconut Topped w/ Almond Jelly, Boba, Mango Drizzled w/ Condensed MilkTotal:  $75
4	The ku Munk was rich n full of flavor. The broth was seasoned to perfection. But I don't know how they sleep at night charging $16.88 for a bowl of ramen n veggies. Just seems a lil outrageous.
4	Super Duper yummy. Every course that we had was very original. The fried wontons where crispy yet a little greasy. The lamb shu mai with the a taste that I have never had before and really enjoyed. For the main courses we ordered for different dishes. The seafood hot pot, lo mein, congee and short rib with noodles. Each one had bold flavors and an original taste. The best part of our meal with the shaved ice. We ordered the chocolate with brandied cherries, mochi, strawberries and caramel sauce. It was amazing. Being a person who does not eat dairy and having chocolate with an ice cream consistency that is so smooth and sweet yet dark chocolate intense is a true pleasure. It was huge and all four of us enjoyed every single bite. You could even get drunk of the brandied cherries.  I can't wait to go back again and try different dishes.
4	Arrived on a Monday evening. Tired from travelling and sales calls I opted to dine in at one of the many choices at SLS hotel.I was greeted immediately and I requested a table which the young hostess eagerly accommodated. My location was off the bar and was able to the enjoy Monday NFL game.The restaurant is promoted and endorsed by Jose Andres so I was curious how it would weight in against the authentic eateries 10 minutes away in Chinatown. I started off the pork & scallop shu mai & Singha beer. The shu mai were on the small side but very tasty. I ordered the beef noodle soup but at this time my friendly waitress returned and advised me they had ran out which was a surprise to hear. I wanted hand pulled noodles so I chose the Ku monk noodle soup which contained egg, veggies, rice cracker and delish hand pulled noodles at $14.88. I saved room for dessert and the only item is the shaved ice. I requested toppings of sliced strawberries,  mochi, almond jello and strawberry syrup.  At $8.88 the serving was large, refreshingly delicious and served with chop sticks.Overall my experience at Ku Noodles was enjoyable - on the pricy side but convenient. I'll be returning to experience the beef noodle soup!
2	One of the big (ok, probably the only) reasons to stay at the SLS in Vegas is that it's really cheap right now. While the hotel itself is cheap, the same can't be said for the food options and this restaurant is one of the worst offenders.I wanted to try all the various shao mai they offered, since I'm a big fan of fusion food done right. If you order their "Lucky 12", you get 12 shao mai, for the incredibly stupid price of $20.88. With the exception of the 3 lamb shao mai, they all were completely bland and uninteresting. You can head to Din Tai Fung and get an order of 10 for $7-$8, and the worst thing I've ever heard anyone say about them is that they aren't as good as the XLB. We were off to a bad start.Next up for me was the "Crispy Pork Bao Bun". This started off good. I waited a little bit for the bun to cool off, and bit in. Great texture on the bun. This immediate burst of flavor hit, and then I had the weirdest culinary experience of my life. I didn't even chew, didn't even swallow, and all of the taste just disappeared. From a chemistry standpoint, I don't even understand how it's possible for flavor molecules to just dissipate or disperse that quickly. This went from me thinking that this was a dish I could return just to eat, to me wondering if I had brain tumor or a stroke or something. I tried the next bite, and the next, and the next. It was like all the taste was there, hiding in the background, too shy to introduce itself anymore. That was $9.88. (everything on the menu ends in 88 cents, because Chinese.)My friend ordered the "Superior Wonton Soup" which features "Superior Broth" as its primary component. First off, Soundwave is superior, and all others are inferior. More importantly, this is some of the blandest soup I've ever tasted in my life. If I roll over to A&J or literally any other Chinese place, the thin chicken broth that they give you to pour over your rice has 100 times more flavor than this did. My friend commented that the only way to get any taste besides "water" out of the soup, he had to eat every spoonful with one of the wontons. This cost $15.88.Even in terms of Vegas pricing, this is one of the least flavorful, least satisfying, and least cost-effective meals I've ever eaten. I wouldn't have cared about the prices if this stuff actually just tasted good, but it was all just bland, bland, bland. Maybe part of it is due to the general funky smell that the SLS has right now, but since I couldn't just turn off the SLS odor, I have no way of knowing.I don't intend to come back to find out.Service was ok, and my friend really liked his Sake Punch, which is why this gets more than one star. This place is only open for dinner, which was a source of consternation. Why would you specialize in Dim Sum and NOT be open for breakfast or even late?
5	What up Ku?  So, I know it's only been 2 days since we went out, but I can't stop thinking about you.  We covered a lot of ground on Friday night, and we've only had one date, but you're awesome and you really get me.  We started strong with them buns, your delicious crispy bao buns packed full of porky goodness and pickled veggies with peanuts & cilantro.  How did you know I have a weakness for all things pickled?  And then go and smother it in some pork.  I was registering sensory overload off the charts and we just started.  Just when I thought the night couldn't possibly get any better, you sent over 3 dishes served up family style: Shrimp/Pork Siu Mai, Dan Dan Mian hand-cut noodles,  and Beijing Tomato hand-cut noodles.  You know the way to this girl's heart is not with flowers, but food.  I love the Beijing Tomato hand-cut noodles  luxuriously topped with tomato, eggs, black garlic, & cilantro.  I'm not even sure how black garlic differs from regular garlic, but it sure does sound fancy.  I think my eyes are glazing over at this point, as I sit and doodle Ku & Steph, followed by experimental doodles of Steph Noodle.  Sure, that sounds cute, right?  Oh wait, there's more???  Taiwanese Shaved Ice, holy mother of all that is sacred to put in your mouth!  This stuff is fricking amazeballs!!  Kuuuuuuuu, I love you!
4	This was part of our dining experience during the SLS stay cation event, and I have to say I was truly impressed and more than full and satisfied. Service at Ku Noodle was awesome and very accommodating. I also love the casual attire for the staff but still hotel restaurant quality service and decor so it's like you know you're eating somewhere really good, but can still feel casual and comfortable during your dining experience there. We started with the snow pea leaf salad that has orange slices and jasmine lily bulbs that are edible!! Talk about a perfect light crisp citrus blend salad with a fusion twist. Very light and refreshing and was the perfect way for me to start my meal here. Then we were served pork and shrimp siu mai and their crispy Bao buns (slider size) and tbh the siu mais were okay... And to me they were a little too small. But taste wise it was nothing mind blowing and I've had better. But oh man the Bao buns I really really enjoyed and I will definitely be back for more!! It was like a banh mi in a slider bun form!! The two larger entrees we were treated with were two noodle dishes, the Beijing Tomato noodle which is like a tomato basil with egg. Fusion mix, like basil tomato meets Chinese chow fun but with  light tomato sauce instead of dry soy sauce. The other noodle dish was Dan Dan Mian Noodles which was a spicy pork hoisen sauce consistency with carrots peanuts and sliced cucumbers. I enjoyed this as well but the spicy pork sauce was a little strong tasting for me. Like not salty but very sweet soy very similar to how hoisen sauce taste. But still enjoyable. I preferred the Beijing Noodles but honestly I will be back to try both again!! The icing (haha) on the cake was the Taiwanese Mango shaved ice with coconut shavings, lychee, and mochi balls and talk about flavors melting in your mouth!! Huge serving enough to truly share with 4 people and not finish it. But the mango flavor shaved ice was 100% on point like I was eating fresh ripe mango!!! Best way to end the night! Very clean and modern white decor and I really loved the atmosphere of this place!! The 4/5 coz I was very satisfied and happy with the food and service and the drinks (btw their drinks are strong) but nothing was really palate mind blowing expect the dessert. But I'm definitely going to go back for another experience to see if I can't give them that additional 1star and bump it to 5stars!!!
4	For a casual, family friendly place, I am giving this 4 stars.  If you stick with the handmade noodles, I think you will be very happy.  The Southern Beef Stew is very good.  The short ribs have authentic Chinese flavor, and are tender, while the noodles are nice and chewy.  It just needs something with a little acidity and texture to appeal to the American palate.  I agree with the other posters that the shumai is not good.  I have eaten _a lot_ of dim sum shumai, and my reommendation is that they add a lot more shrimp, or something to give it more texture.
3	Homemade noodles are nice to watch, but not that yummy to eat lol it was hard ,and there were way too much sauce on the dishes. The food runners were not confident on bringing the plates to right tables. Some stuffs were nice but most of them were not trained. The restaurant itself ( concept, location, price, menu) is 4-5 stars but the service and taste of the food is solid 3stars.
4	HEALTHY FOOD! And portion sizes that won't ruin your waistline. Amazing! Didn't know that was possible in this town.As one would expect at SLS, the prices are not cheap for the portion size. We had apps that were around $11 each, and the entrees were more--and that's just for the vegetarian stuff.Didn't love the mushroom salad, but the long beans were fantastic (if a bit salty) and the squash too. Everything super-fresh.Nice cocktails, nice noodle dishes. I think all 4 of us ate all vegetarian and were happy. Nice drinks too. Small cocktail menu and deeeelcious lemongrass tea.Friendly service and super-clean.Complaints: LOUD. Too brightly lit. Were told it would be a 30-minute wait and after more than one hour took some counter seats but there was still no table. I know that's out of their control and they were nice about it.It's not the best Asian food or noodles I've ever had, but it's a good effort and I appreciate the healthy bent.
3	You know the kind of food that smells good and then taste mediocre after a few bites. This is it. My friend and I had two different kind of noodles. The Lamb and the Special Beef. Portions are average but they are placed in fancy big bowls. I am not a fan of lamb, but their noodles are very thin and good. The beef stew was just okay. The broth could've been warmer. Service is extremely friendly and the staff here are very attentive. Located in the SLS! The Casino and Hotel itself is very small.
5	Fantastic noodle bar. All fresh and handmade. Chinese shaved ice may be best dessert ever. I love this place.
5	Amazing place....I've eaten at Bejing noodle bar 9 at Caesars a bunch...smaller menu here but the food is so good and made fresh to order...great find...great restaurant...I will be back
2	Even though I am impressed with the design of the restaurant, I was disappointed in this Asian eatery. This place is only open from 5pm to 11pm. Who eats dim sum for dinner? It doesn't make sense. A casual looking guy comes and takes my order. He looked like a regular paying customer. I ordered the Northern Beef Stew based on his recommendation as a good noodle soup. Don't get me wrong, my dish was pretty good, but the service was terrible. My drink was not brought to me even after my dish was brought to my table. I had to ask for it again.One of the most important thing that accompanies a noodle soup, is of course a soup spoon. I think it is sad that this was forgotten and I had to ask for that too. On top of that, it was almost $20 for the noodle soup before taxes. It is not worth $20 bucks, especially with the terrible service. In addition, portable chopsticks? I expect real chopsticks.Afterwards, it was difficult to flag my original waiter down since he was too preoccupied with other customers so I had the hostess bring me the check. I really wanted to like this place, but the lack of service made me quite disinterested.
2	pork & shrimp shumai was yummy. Beijing tomato noodle was way too dry and the other one we got ,which picture was shown on the menu, I was not sure what I was supposed to taste of. Lack of flavor. We waited for 30 mins after the server took our order. If the food was good, I wouldn't care. Overall, I am so disappointed at SLS. One in Beverly hills is SO MUCH BETTER.
1	The waiting time is fucking long. The noodle is such a small bite. Never try this... Trust me..
5	Literally everything was amazing. Best meal I've enjoyed in a long time. Great atmosphere and service as well!
