1	I am super disappointed with the new restaurant. I got really excited when I saw the New Times article about it and decided to invite my family to our neighborhoods boat parade /dinner at the Watershed.  I will preface this with the HOA sending a flyer out to the residents to come watch at the watershed, so it was going to be a busy night. We got a table and after 20 min finally had someone ask us if we wanted something to drink. We ordered an appetizer so that we could look over the menu. In this time, there were about 4 servers who tried to drop things off at our table. It was very clear, no one was properly trained on the seating chart or whoever was running the restaurant has no idea what numbering tables is.20 minutes later we had the queso fundido. For $9, I wasn't impressed with the amount of cheese given. Once the cheese got cold, the thin chips could no longer scrape it up off of the skillet.We then waited another 10 minutes for our server to come back around to order more drinks and food. We  were quickly told that we could order more drinks but the kitchen was now closed.... At 6:30 in the middle of the boat parade...Basically we told him this is a joke and that we were done then because we had expected to be eating at this time. He apologized, but no, offering of anything to make us want to come back.While waiting for our check two servers came by asking if we ordered the food they had. This made us even more upset since we were just told the kitchen was closed. The last girl that came with food, my Mom made very clear that it was ridiculous that there was no food service at 6:30 pm. She said they had not prepared to have this many people come to the restaurant. Out of the 15 tables there was definitely not food at each one, so not sure why they would plan to only feed 5 tables a night. We asked to have our check again and then were told that their system wasn't working... We added up our food/tax and got cash out because we were livid at this point. On the way out, we asked for the manager. It happened to be the girl that tried to drop off food at our table.  We told her how disappointed we were, especially since we live in the neighborhood. She basically broke down crying and said they would make it up to the community. They still took our money and no  hint of wow, we are sorry we basically made your night super sh#*%y, please come back for a free appetizer on us. Every aspect of this restaurant shows me that they have no restaurant or customer service experience. I won't be back bc I would rather spend $15 on an entree somewhere that I know will actually treat me like a customer. Side note: We left and went to Spokes on Southern, a go to place in the neighborhood that we always enjoy. We sat down, water was instantly brought and had a server within 5 minutes. We joked with them about our horrible night so far and the manager brought us a free appetizer...basically another restaurant tried to make up for the disaster one!
2	I am updating this review rating as the General Manager contacted me directly, so am appreciative of the outreach. Has anyone else tried? Let me know if I was way out of line with my review.
5	Great, Unique atmosphere...beautiful sunsets on the waterfront patio. Can't wait for the official grand opening when the inside renovations are complete. :)
4	This place is awesome! I love the patio. I can't wait until it is fully finished.
5	Stopped by for after-movie beverages. 2nd time here. Amazing atmosphere, incredible beer selection, and friendly staff. Bryan was our server; he was knowledgeable and helpful. This place is on the rise. We will be back!
4	So excited that there will be a new place to go in the Lakes area. Have eaten here twice and everything we tried was amazing. My daughter loves the fries, so have even gotten them to go to take to her. I cannot wait to see what the inside looks like when complete. With support from the community, I think this will be a great "go to" place for years to come.
5	Went last night - what a great vibe!  Beautiful views over the water - excellent service - fantastic meal - will definitely go again!
4	Though just in a "soft" opening state I already am a fan of this restaurant. The green chili meatloaf was fabulous with delicious steamed veggies and mashed potatoes on the side. I can't wait for the weather to warm up a bit and they add Sunday brunch to the repertoire. I will definitely be back.
1	so I was trying to set up a Birthday dinner for my wife. Had a party of 15 adults. I was told by the young girl who answered the phone they don't do reservations at this time, not even for a bigger group! Hmmm...  Not sure if I'm starting a new business I turn away a possible $600-$700 food/bar tab! I understand your inside isn't finished but if you tell me that on a Thursday there shouldn't be a problem with a group that size then just reserve for me so when guest arrive before my wife and I they have somewhere to sit!
5	Great atmosphere! Service was attentive and friendly. Ordered enchiladas, very nice. Defiantly be back soon.
1	I'm shocked at the other reviews that give higher marks... this place is a must skip! I agree, the atmosphere is nice being outside on the water and I'm a big fan of Pier 54 next door... however, it takes a lot more than just the outside atmosphere to make me want to go back to a place. The layout of the place is just awkward- we walked through the front door into a big open space that looks like a banquet hall and then one random table inside near the fireplace. Outside there is one section of picnic tables that don't fit in with the style and then around the other side of the building are seating areas and tables and chairs. We sat at a table to order dinner- however the tables were very awkward to sit at- the bars of the legs and supports got in the way of where your feet go, plus the chairs were really rigid and uncomfortable. Service is meh... some servers looked like they wanted to be there and work, ours did not.... we ordered drinks and queso fundido which took 25 minutes to come out and was only so so- the chorizo was a nice touch but the cheese hardened soon after it arrived to our table and we needed to scrap it with a fork to get some for the chips. For dinner, I ordered the green chilies enchiladas and my boyfriend ordered the burger. Our food took an hour to come out (expected if the place was totally busy and slammed with people... not the case here). While waiting we had the great entertainment of the drunks sitting in one of the couch areas next to our table. The ladies were over served and stumbling and screaming while looking for one of their phones making the atmosphere hard to enjoy. Luckily they left half way through our our wait for the food but made the couch area a disaster while looking for the phone- funniest part of that is not one staff member fixed the area! The cushions were everywhere and pillows on the ground- no one cared to take the minute to clean it up for others to sit at. When our food finally arrived, the music had been turned up and we could barely hold a conversation. The burger my boyfriend got had a bun that was bigger than necessary and he needed to cut away over half of it to fit it in his mouth- an additional bonus for him to find out was that the burger was burned. My enchiladas were so incredibly spicy that I couldn't eat them. I used the excess parts of the burger's bun to try and take the burn out of my mouth. I ate about two bites and was done. The server never checked on us to see how things were until our drinks were empty and we had been sitting there for 15 minutes without touching our food... when I told her that the enchiladas were extremely spicy, she took my side plate and placed it over the dinner plate, picked it up and said "ok" and walked away to get the bill. Didn't ask if I wanted something else, take it home, or take it off the bill- I clearly had hardly touched the food... Over priced food and drinks for crappy food and service. Save your money and mouth by skipping this place- go next door to Pier 54!!
1	Okay-- first, the good: I was pleasantly surprised with  the interior of new restaurant in the Lakes community.  Love the open space, the fireplace and large leather chairs to create a very inviting ambiance.  There were just two of us ordering one grilled cheese ("grilled onions and mushrooms") and a glass of wine-- just taking baby steps on the menu, thank God.  Simple enough.  20 minutes later and after finishing our 2nd glass of wine, still no grilled cheese.  My friend and I were paying close attention to the orders that were being served (and sent back--wrong table, mis-orders, you name it) to the patrons across from us-- ribs were apparently overcooked and they too waited forever and day- and sent back, still wondering where the grilled cheese was?  So..... after three glasses of wine you would think my mood would've changed, still no food, alas, I used the restroom.  What a mess-- don't get me started...  Came back and low and behold- the grilled cheese "exclusive" sandwich straight from the kitchen!  After 45 minutes waiting with an empty restaurant, what we retrieved was a dish--- one you can get better at Denny's.  The cheese as stated by out 13 year old, bless her heart, waitress was a "chef's special." Cheese (obvious Kroger shredded cheese fresh out of plastic package it came in) WAS NOT MELTED, mushrooms-- button, chopped and not cooked properly with slimy onions smothered.....  Oh good Lord!  This is a GRILLED CHHESE PEOPLE!  Okay, I get it.  Watershed, you are new. Welcome to the neighborhood.... you are in Tempe and trust me, as a person who's lived in such culinary perfection cities as SF and Seattle.... I get it.  The bar is set very low, but my God, try to at least get past the first hurdle!   The owner seemed very nice and professional-- I wish he would of been there to apologize instead of the 17 year old perky "manger" who didn't know how to take feedback as much as her C- art project in High School.  Is this cruel?  Hardy-- this is the truth and this place, if it plans to be around long enough in the money it has invested to get "started" has a long way to go.  Keep the fireplace, it is the best thing going for you- the fake grass on the patio is tacky.... and I could go on.  Food sucked, service lousy.  All in all, a total disappointment!
5	The food is fantastic,.. The queso fundido is the best along with the enchiladas I had.  Even the meat loaf is excellent. This place could stand alone just with the food but it has a beautiful view too.
1	I am updating this review as the highly sensitive owner of the Watershed took the time out of his day to send his response to my Yelp review.  Enjoy!  __________________________________________________________ Hey Brett,Dan Scott, the owner, here. Thanks for taking time out of your late Saturday night to review my soft opening. I reviewed your ticket and you paid for two glasses of wine for two people. We also comped your meal. And, as someone who has been in this business and the media business for 20 yrs, it's very unprofessional to review someone else's meal. Especially when we made that situation right and the client was in the end happy.Do me a favor and forget we exist. We make everything from scratch and are working our tails off to make this a fantastic restaurant/bar and I know we'll succeed.  By the way, my assistant manager talked to you because I was off the clock from my 16 hour day and just started to celebrate my good friends engagement that had just transpired at my restaurant. My newspaper, (Weekly Alibi) has been doing reviews of restaurants for 20+ years and we have a policy of going to a restaurant multiple times before giving our review. I guess that's the difference in qualitative professionalism between real reviewers and the Bretts of the world.__________________________________________________________I think this speaks louder than words.
3	We really wanted to try this place because it is on the water, and is very cute.It is still being renovated, so when you go, understand that it will probably look like they haven't completed the place yet.  The food wasn't bad.  Not outstanding, but not horrible.  But I wasn't expecting a Scottsdale 5 star place.  It is obviously a nice neighborhood destination, and the food offerings are average, but probably will improve with time.  The strange thing was, we ordered appetizers, drinks and dinners, and they brought out my dates dinner and appetizer first. Then 10 minutes later they brought out mine. SO weird.  And they acted like that was a normal way to present the food.We had the Queso Fundido (aka Cheese and chips) which was pleasant.  The grilled cheese was the only thing on menu (besides salads) as a dinner option for vegetarians.  It was suppose to have herbs and onions and many cheeses.  It did not.   Just plain little grill cheese that a school cafeteria would make.  The Griddle burger had so many Jalapenos, they had to be removed.  And it was rare in the center (asked for medium).  Maybe this place will work the kinks out and get better before the late spring.  We really want to like the place because it is quite lovely and has a nice atmosphere.Maybe they can get someone that knows how to cook and manage the place properly.If you are picky about the food, you have been warned on what to expect.  But you will enjoy the view and the patio, for sure.
5	We went to the Watershed with a group of friends last weekend and would for sure recommend this great restaurant to others! First, we are always looking for unique restaurants in our area and the atmosphere here was great - we loved the patio overlooking the water, the twinkle lights and when we finished watching the sunset - it got a little colder and they quickly brought us over a heater. The waiter that we had was friendly and knowledgable. (Heads up they do use a phone to take yours order)We started with The northshore - (grilled pineapple mojito) and The Pirates cove speciality drinks. Both my husband and I are pretty particular about our drinks and these were both unique and delicious! We also tried their tortilla coconut shrimp, queso fundido and chili fries. The sauce for the shrimp was spicy so it gave this simple dish a twist and although I don't typically order fries as an appetizer - the seasoning on these were very good. They are still working on completing the inside and we can't wait to see it when finished. We did have 1 drink in the "fireplace/game room" and the decor was homey and quaint. There were several big football games playing on Saturday and the manager was accommodating and changed one of the games so we could watch our team.All and all I am giving this a 5 star and we will be taking our parents there very soon.
2	Beautiful patio seating, with gas heaters to take the chill off.  No problem there.  Water view is very nice.  I entered through the patio and didn't see all the construction taking place indoors until I was leaving.  Maybe they should have finished the construction projects before they opened?  However, the construction was not the problem on this night.  The server was very friendly, and I truly felt sorry for him, because clearly the disorganization was not his fault.  The meal for our party of 8 came in four separate shifts.  The lag from the first two meals being delivered to the last one being delivered was nearly 10 minutes.   Mind you... it was after dark and chilly outside.  This left the first two diners with the choice of eating while others didn't yet have their meals, or waiting, and waiting, and waiting, and then eating cold food.  Unacceptable, and inexcusable-- not that there was anybody there who seemed to be aware enough to even offer an excuse.    Where was the help for this waiter???   A party of 8 is not a party of 20, and should be easily manageable-- especially since it wasn't busy.  Not a manager/assistant/owner/busboy/cook/runner in sight to help carry food.   I didn't see a single table inside, and it appeared that the majority of the half dozen tables sitting outside were mostly just drinking.  To the owner/manager--- please know that you are building your reputation NOW, soft opening or not.  If you don't have adequate service when the restaurant is nearly empty, what will you do on a genuinely busy night?  I will give this restaurant another chance (others would say NO WAY!), because the view is nice and the poor waiter seemed to have been set up for failure by the management and/or owner.
3	The Watershed has a lot of potential with its cool location and layout. Right now it is far from where it needs to be. At this point, a small area inside the building and the patio overlooking the lake are the only areas that are open. Eventually they will have seating for probably double what they have now. The service was full of ambition but utterly lacking in execution. They use a phone app to communicate orders between the servers and the kitchen (which is also where drinks are produced from). The problem is they are apparently unreliable. We had a good sized group of maybe a dozen and several people's orders never came out after waiting a good 1/2 hour at which point we were able to get someone to acknowledge it and they sincerely apologized and were willing to comp some stuff but it needs to not happen like that. Having people wait for 45 minutes to get a drink (and theres no bar, so you dont have an option to get it yourself) is unacceptable. I really want to see you succeed but whether its understaffing or undertraining, the service issues certainly need to be corrected before you kill your own reputation.
2	To quote Tarantino from Reservoir Dogs " The words to f@&!ng busy shouldn't be in a waiters vocabulary. " I cannot comment on much as we didn't stay very long. To be seated and have the only greeting you get from your waiter in 15 minutes be I'll be right back...twice...was a preview for what we had in store for us for the evening and grounds for departure. Management was very nice and apologetic and gave us a free appetizer for a return visit but unfortunately Valentines night and our anticipation to try this new restaurant was ruined because of poor service . Any one can have an off night it's just to bad it was tonight. Wish this place all the luck.
1	I've been 3 times now becasue its close to home and very comfortable and the food and drinks were really good. So we thought stopping in on Valentines Day would be okay for a quick drink and bite to eat. NOT!  Get there at 5:20ish, only a few couples on the patio (20% capacity).  The hostess stops us and askes if we have a reservation, I responded "No", she then said it would be a few minutes.  Ok.  The place is practically empty, it's been 10 min, a waitress we had the week before says sorry to us and that she's not sure why we can't be seated.  Other couples walk in, no reservations as well and hostess tells them it will be a few minutes.  She then looks at me and says it'll be awhile, what happened to a few minutes?  Did I mention the place is practically empty?  No bar, still being built and can't even get drinks to wait.  I send my boyfriend next door to Pier 54 (which we frequent alot) to look for an empty table, which he calls to tell me he finds.  I then look at hostess to tell her not to bother, we have a table next door adn walk out.  We end up having a lovely evening on the water, live music and Great Service.  Not sure why the Watershed hostess was rude and doesn't know how to organize the timimng of occupants to tables.  She kept saying everything was reserved.  Sitting next door, we watched the onslaught of reservations for the Watershed arrive only for them to not find parking and it was close to 6:30pm.  We could have been in and out in that one hour.  I've had other resurants inform us their busy, but we could have a table if we finished before the next reservation time.  No such thing offered here.  It's back to Pier 54, who is reliable and hires qualified staff.
4	The place opened a few months ago and they are still building.  The outdoor area is open and it's wonderful to sit outside at the lake and have your drink and meal.  The Captain's room will be a wonderful place to sit when it is too hot outside.  plan to go here again.
5	I thougt is was pretty good...Im wondering if some of the negative review are from the restaurant and bar right next door... I love that place too but I wouldnt put it past their regular patrons.
4	Pretty cool place in Tempe AZ.   ON THE WATER.  Still needs A LOT of work inside as the bar wasn't even built yet. Not sure where they were actually making the drinks but at least they are open and the views are stunning.  Try the Signature Martini Menu.  Quite creative!
5	I have been talking with The Watershed's management for a few months now. I have seen the building in every phase of renovation. Unfortunately, I was helping to plan a Celebration of Life for a dear friend with terminal brain cancer and the staff was aware I could be calling them at any time to set a date.  Tuesday morning, my friend passed away and I knew that we would need the inside as well as the outside. I have never seen a more dedicated group of people jump in to work night and day so the inside was as close to perfect as they could get it. I spent the last several days at The Watershed, setting up special items and placing candles and flowers. I had every person that I encountered go above and beyond to help me. The celebration occurred on Friday and things could not have been more perfect. The food, atmosphere, drinks, staff, and facility were just exactly what my friend would have wanted. I will be taking everyone I know to this restaurant. If I need to plan another event, I will be calling them. I hope the community gets behind this place and supports it as they perfect their service, food, and business.
5	The Watershed has a beautiful view of the lake and wonderful ambiance including a really mesmerizing fire pit and comfortable seating around the pit. My experience here was wonderful! Isaiah was my server. He has a refreshing personality and is very helpful when making suggestions. I had the House Salad which is fantastic!I will definitely be back!
5	We really enjoyed our lunch on the patio.  The setting on the lake is gorgeous, obviously a fave place with the locals.  It was fun to watch them "dock and dine". We had the calamari appetizer and the green chili enchiladas.  Both were delicious. We will go there again!
5	Though still in the midst of a renovation the interior was organized, clean and one can see the potential finished product will look amazing. Friendly staff, outstanding view from the patio : complete with adorable ducks and nearby residents in kayaks paddling by. I was underwhelmed by their vegetarian options but thats nothing new to me. I scoped out their grilled cheese and a side of fries. My mom got the red chile salad w shrimp. Our server was quick, friendly and kept our glasses topped off which I always appreciate. The food came out within 10 minutes. Perfectly presented, and i really have to say it: for a grilled cheese w fries it was Beautiful. Perfectly done. And the taste! Out of this world. I haven't had a meal exceed my expectations like this grilled cheese did in a long time! They use some amazing herbs and the cheese blend is fantastic! Fries were Cajun spicy! Addictive! Ma's salad was fantastic, the grilled shrimp perfectly grilled and marinated. Her words: "i would eat this again for dinner tonight if I could."  Bread pudding for desert! Don't even get me started! You'll just have to go there and experience it for yourself. 5 stars. Will be back and with those super reasonable prices it'll be sooner rather than later!
2	Totally underwhelmed by our first visit here. Slightly embarrassed as we took friends visiting from out of state here. Food was fair. I was afraid it would be cold for as long as it took to get it. They were not that busy for the wait we had with server to get us the bill. We were actually ready to get up an go find him. I guess we were anticipating more since they have been open for awhile to get kinks out. Looks like construction is still going on. I will be hesitant to return.
3	Over all okay. I wouldn't object to coming again. I got the chicken noodle bowl. Yellow curry with coconut milk with rice noodles, chicken, tomatoes and cucumber. The chicken was very delicious, the yellow curry and coconut milk mixture was a bit bland. I thought that the raw tomato and cucumber were strange choices of vegetables; I just ate around those. Very nice environment. I suppose I was pretty impressed considering all the other one star reviews. I had no problem with the service. All in all, a pretty average place with okay food; a nice place to hang out.
5	I loved this place!!! I don't give many places 5 stars but here it is! I came here with my work crew, because one of my co workers was leaving the company. My bosses reserved the Captain's Room. Ok, if you ever have a group of 10 or more, reserve this room! It's great! It's your own private room, with a dining room table, lounge area, two tvs, fireplace, and pool table. The best part about this restaurant is that it is right on the lake so you have a beautiful view while you eat here. The outdoor patio is also very nice. They laid down some grass and have some tables out there as well as corn hole, and darts for you to play. Food & drinks.. They have happy hour from 3-6 I believe. We ended up ordering the nachos, coconut shrimp, green chile cheese fries. My favorite was probably the cheese fries. There's a kick to it but it's really good. For drinks, my bosses spoil us. We ordered 4 bottles of wine! I'm a red wine drinker and my favorite is Pinot Noir. It was really good as well as the Cabernet that they had. This place is really new so I don't think many people know about it. I think the inside needs some more interior designing and they need a huge sign outside that says The Watershed on it. Also, I would recommend extending the happy hour menu to 7 instead. The service was amazing as well. I need to start taking down servers' names when I go out because I never remember and ours was great! He was extremely friendly and very helpful with our group. I'll definitely be back soon! =)
4	Great patio right on the water and you MUST try the Huckleberry Lemonade!  We tried three appetizers and loved them all.  Will definitely go back!
5	Pssst...This place is an amazing date night, reception, retirment party, etc. place. It is locate right on the lake and has a really nice patio with picnic tables on the grass and regular tables on the dock. Inside is spacious and open and has great views as well. Service was fantastic, our waters stayed filled, our drinks from the bar were quick and our food was well timed. The imporant part, the food: YUM! We started with coconut shrip with mango habanero sauce. really good! Then the skilled queso con chorizo, another hit! Finally we shared the fish tacos. Again really good. Nothing dissapointed. For drinks, they have $10 speciatly cocktails. I started with a edelberry flower, spinach, lemon drop martini. It was soooooo good and refreshing. Great flavor combinations. They have a large selection of craft beers on tap as well, I noticed some Oskar Blue and I had an Oak Creek nut brown ale.  This really is a perfect spot for occasions as well as just wanting to enjoy a peacful, good meal with a beautiful view. So glad I found this place! It does sound like from some of the other reviews that they had a rough opening but they seem to have worked it all out. Service was fantastic, place looks beautiful and all the food was really good. The atmosphere makes food that is a solid 4 stars 5 stars easy.
5	Great place. Fun atmosphere great happy hour nice staff.. What can I say you GOTTA go..
3	I hope these guys get it going....lots of potencial ...menu leaves you asking for direction..waiter says I'll bring a beer menu...why not just have it with you or on the table rather then waiting?...ordered enchiladas which were very good(a little over priced) had to ask for salsa as did the guy behind me for his fish tacos?..beer is overpriced but maybe "ok" at happy hour... Cesare salad had potencial but doused with chili powder and with added shimp the size of a pinky finger...?...anyway.....hope they dont just rest on the location as that alone wont do it...BIG place inside..
5	Had a good experience here despite some previous reviews, and the food was delicious.  We were told that they have only been open 4 months, so there is still some training going on, but our service was excellent.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas which were very good (with a true NM green chile sauce).  Also had several Hurricanes on happy hour - very tasty and "effective" ;)  We sat on the patio on the afternoon with a little wind and the umbrellas are not weighted down, so be careful that they don't fall on you.  Our server noted he's told management several times but nothing has been done - a little disheartening to hear a safety issue with a simple fix has fallen on deaf ears from employees.
4	Yes ...the first time I stopped in ,I ordered the half rack of ribs and I must admit they were finger lick'n good....My second time I took a date ....Now they use Ipod phones to place your order which is cool....unless the system goes down, now I must say they were on it realized the problem and took care of our order ....Made up for the wait by giving us free dessert ....They also offer "Live Entertainment" which is a plus ....So you can enjoy the best of both worlds and you won't  brake the bank....We will go back and tell our friends
3	I have frequented this place a lot lately since I discovered that it's close to where I live.  It's a really nice looking place with a lot of room.  I have had two dishes from this place (tenderloin sandwich and fish tacos) and the food is just average at best.  I think some of the drink and food items are overpriced.  However, the scenery is outstanding and the customer service has been great for me.  They also have some great craft beers on tap.  I would recommend that you sit outside on the water and get a craft beer during happy hour or reverse happy hour.  I will continue to come here because of the customer service, view/location, reverse happy hour, and quality craft beer.  It's also a nice place to play Cornhole outside.
4	Great location! No road noise, beautiful sunsets over the lake and wonderful New Mexican cooking. We had the green chill meatloaf and garlic mashed potatoes and washed it down with some Odells craft brew. Can't wait to try more of the many interesting menu items.
3	I live across the lake and decided to try their happy hour because it looked like a cute joint being on the lake. The drinks were amazing! The prices were a bit high, but worth how good the drinks were! The jolly man was awesome!! I also had a couple different food items, the queso is a joke. It's melted shredded cheese on a thin tiny skillet with meat, very oily, hard and not very satisfying. The shredded tacos were dry and bland and the shrimp Ceasar salad had such a weird after taste I just wasted it. The staff was great! At first I thought our waitress was texting in front of us but realized she was taking our orders! I will definitely be back for the drinks, but not order any food.
2	The location and architecture was beautiful, but the service was severely lacking. Service was quite slow, the queso appetizer was tiny, I received the wrong entree, and it took half an hour to get the check at the end. They seemed to be closing up the restaurant well before the hours stated, and decided to ignore us for most of the evening.I will give this restaurant another chance, but just for drinks, definitely not for dinner.
2	I really like it here. The food was amazing and the view is great. The atmosphere is relaxed. My only complaint was the service. I'll start with the food. I had the coconut shrimp that came with a sauce that had a spicy after taste to it. My bf had the monte cristo. Really good with a very sweet maple syrup that also had a spicy after bite. My absolute favorite was the lobster trap. It's a shot of vodka, an amazing tasting Lobster claw after shot, a session lager and last a piece of lobster. Now to the service. Our server is Ryan d. She seemed to rush us out, got everyone else to come up to us so she didn't have to and didn't notice our empty drinks (doubt she cared). As I look around the patio, everyone else has a glass of water w a straw in it but us. We ordered 4 shots and a drink and she didn't offer us any water? I'm pretty heated. Were usually pretty good tippers. This is the first time we've left nothing.  We might be back just for those amazing lobster claw shots but definitely going to ask for a different server.
4	Cool, new place. Went here for the first time for a friend's birthday gathering. Plenty of space, good food and drinks, excellent waitstaff, and an awesome location. Reminds me of being up north on lake. We will be visiting again.
5	Hi, I'm Alex. Thank you for reading my review. I'll keep it brief. Parking spaces? Skinny. Music? Yes, live. Bar? Yes. Pony right up. Pool table? Yep. Waterfront view outside? Of course. TVs? Yes. Food quality? Good. Not insane. But good. Service? Fast. We brought a group of 20. The staff went out of their way to put tables together for us. Give this place a try.
3	I am so sad I can't give 5 stars as I really wanted to love this place.Positives: the atmosphere is great! They restaurant is big, decor nice, lots of TV's if you are a sports fan, GREAT live band, and right on the water which was beautiful.The service was also really good. Our waiter, Mike, was super friendly, he checked on is frequently and our food and drinks came out quickly.Now the negatives: the food. The menu has a good selection, I would have preferred a couple of healthier options, but that is just my preference. Everything that we ordered just didn't seem fresh, it was bad bar food.The crab cakes were pretty dense and not super hot, like they were premade and then reheated. Same goes for the kids quesadilla. I didn't think we could go wrong ordering that for our 2 year old, but once again, it seemed reheated. The cheese seemed old and not hot or gooey like it should be. The fries that came with were hot to touch but not cooked all the way. My husband had the ribs and those were actually quite good. The meatloaf was decent but I was hoping for better. And I think the mashed potatoes were the worst, just bad diner style.I will still go back, but now with the mindset of listening to great music or watching the game at the bar!
5	Today was our first day trying out the Watershed and it was wonderful. Our server was Michael and he was absolutely fantastic.  He even put up with our energetic 3 year old. The salmon fish tacos and cod bites were amazing...the sauce that comes with the cod bites was delicious. The drink menu made it hard for me to choose, but I went with the Huckleberry lemonade and Bloody Mary. Both were great but for a hot Phoenix summer afternoon, that lemonade was perfect.  It is super nice to have the Watershed in the neighborhood and we will most definitely be back soon. Thanks again!
1	Anytime the owner is that rude and unprofessional you earn a one star review. Hey Matt, maybe your restaurant would be doing better if you treated your customers with respect. By the way your pasta drowning in cheesy alfredo sauce shouldn't be on the "lighter side" menu. It probably has 3000 calories. NOT RECOMMENDED
5	Good food! Nice variety of southwest comfort food. Live music is a nice touch, you can have a conversation without talking loud.
5	After reading all the yelp reviews I was very skeptical in trying the watershed. I was pleasantly surprised! This place was so good! Our server was awesome, the food and even the dessert! A manager stopped by to make sure everything was going well too. I love the decor and the overall feeling of being in the water. I will definitely go back!
5	Amazing place! Such a neat atmosphere on the lake. You forget you are still in the desert! Our server was Isaiah and he was simply amazing.  Truly fine dining service. The food was awesome. We had the crab cakes, cod fish n chips, and chicken skewers to start which were all really great. For my dinner I had the shrimp penne pasta...omg amazing...one of the best things I have ever eaten. I don't say that lightly. I also sampled the the green chili enchiladas and those were delicious. We will be back!
4	I gave them 4 stars only because they are so new. Probably would be 3 stars but the staff was trying very hard. I think they should STOP, review talk about the pros and cons and have a good training day. Staff were confused on where food went and what table numbers were. You can't have staff walking around looking for who ordered what.POS the staff was using was phone size and they seemed to struggle with inputting the orders.Now the food, we had a table of 4 and all had something different. Cod bites were good, as were the chicken skewers. I had the Meatloaf which I would give an A, very tasty and the mashed potatoes were perfectly seasoned for my taste.Another dish was the Chicken Noodles, not-so-good, had a very odd taste spices didn't seem to work.3rd dish was the Salmon surf. Pretty hard to screw up Salmon but it was over salted, sorry.Last dish was Fish Tacos. She had Cod tacos instead of Salmon and said she enjoyed it. She wished they offered Black beans with the tacos to make it more authentic, but enjoyed it.Desert we had the Bread pudding. It was very good, not the best in town, but very good.Location, Location, Location is one of the best in the Valley. I'm not sure why other restaurants have not made it there as it's a wonderful, beautiful location on the Lake in "The Lakes" community. Tons of space inside and on the outside patio, there's even a boat dock for the locals.Entertainment.They had Live music on the Friday night we were there and they were good. They also have separate areas where you and your friends can play pool, throw darts, or play a little corn hole. Huge bar fully loaded makes it a place you could spend the evening.Who was there?Seemed like a nice mix of people young and old. Decor was very open, maybe even too much but I still liked it. View was amazing.I hope they take the suggestions of their critics good and bad as we'd really love to see this place succeed. With a little tweaking, this could be a place I visit often. We wish them the best of luck, we'll try again in a couple months to see how things progress.
3	Invited by a friend for Les iz more. There were about 20 of us in the bar. We pulled three tables together. The head waiter came over and told us that we were omitting one seat per table by pushing the seats together. We recommended that he course how many ppl were sitting at the tables and re-evaluate. He was not able to sway us and left in a bit of a huff. Second issue-I ordered a marguerita .... It was served in a plastic glass! A full service bar on a Saturday afternoon and plastic glass .. I asked for and was provided a glass, but was disappointed in presentation . Had the crab cakes - good. served on a bed of lettuce with a nice sauce.  Service was efficient and our large group was handled well
3	Drinks were great. Lake atmosphere was beautiful but service was slow and food was meh. I had tacos, husband had burger. Nothing was bad but it wasn't great either. Would definitely go back for drinks /happy hour when it's not so hot out. Patio is nice and it's not filled with smokers like pier 54 is right next door.
5	Karaoke every Friday at 9pm! Best place for Karaoke on Friday Night! Reverse Happy Hour too!
3	Visiting The Watershed we found that the food was enjoyable but nothing specifically exciting.  We ordered chicken fejitas and green enchiladas.  I was disappointed to find that the chicken in each was the from the same recipe just with different additional items.  The chicken just didn't have the expected southwestern kick.Noting the other reviews, we thought the service might be a risk but while there we found the service to be excellent.  In addition, the atmosphere was relaxed and comfortable when we were there for lunch on Saturday.  There was live music in the bar, but we were not too impressed and chose to sat in the dining room.
4	Just got home from the watershed an we would certainly go back. Service was decent, we just had to wait some for a bit to get the check. Our only real issue was the fact that both our dishes , the Greek salmon penne and the grilled shrimp pasta were both a little burned on the shrimp and salmon portion, other than that the pasta on both dishes was good, the view was great and drinks were good as well
2	I got a coupon in the letter and that is how I found out about this place. It is very close and looked interesting so I tried it out. It was happy hour so we ordered a couple things off the menu. The waiter came back and forth 2 times to let us know that the menu item we chose were out. They were kind enough to give us a free menu item because of the blunder. I don't mind that part much but the food was not very good. I had fish tacos, which had fried fish balls. It was dry, fishy and tasted like it was frozen. It came on 2 layers of very greasy corn tortillas. The beans and rice on the side were mediocre. The free food, which was back ribs, was not very good either. It tasted gamey and just smothered in sauce. I will say they have the best cole slaw I have ever had. Instead of being super mayo-y, it tasted fresh, unique, almost like vinaigrette, and I loved it. I guess I am giving one star for the cole slaw, and one star for the nice view. Unfortunately, I know I won't be coming back.
5	Bobbie is our server and very attentive. The drinks taste fabulous. The food is great happy hour food. What I like about this place is how accommodating they are for our ever expanding party. They are keeping up the service and the live music is awesome. Shake and bake!!'
4	This was a nice spot to sit and enjoy the live music and a glass of wine. My friend had a sandwich that was very good and I had the nachos...can't wait to try other dishes on the  menu.
5	Isaiah is very knowledgeable and friendly. The hubs ordered chicken enchiladas that were amazing. I had old school pork tenderloin sandwich because it reminds me of Iowa. :) Apple slaw rocked and the space/atmosphere is lovely and full of various potential.
2	So disappointed, I went for the first time on Wed night and had a really nice time in the bar to catch up with an old friend. Music was really good and food and service were also good. I loved the atmosphere so much I brought my family back in for dinner on Friday. The food was okay - kids burgers were fine. One of my daughters got the kids quesadilla it was burnt. We also got appetizers - chips & salsa and the queso fundido. The salsa came in a teeny tiny ramekin, as did the guacamole for a big bowl of chips. The queso was supposed to come with "warm corn tortillas" but our server just brought another big bowl of chips. My boyfriend got the BBQ pork sandwich, but there was no BBQ sauce on it and I got the meatloaf. Overall food was just ok. The main reason I'm giving only 2 stars is the HORRIBLE service we received. I didn't get her name, but our server had medium length reddish brown hair. We ordered 3 iced teas and 1 sprite, but we had to ask twice for sweetener, and most of the night our cups were empty, needing re-fills.She actually rolled her eyes at me and gave an annoyed sigh when I told her we were ready to order.  The only reason I wanted to get our order in was because she had disappeared for so long after giving us our drinks, which also took a long time to arrive. She never came back to check on us after we got our food, so if we did need anything, we were pretty much out of luck :( We also ordered dessert - trio cheesecake - also decent. But since there were 4 of us, 4 spoons would make sense but we only got 2. Oh well - good thing we are all family.  Just about the only thing she was prompt with was the check. It's sad because I really thought my family would love it as much as I did the first time. The atmosphere and view are so great, it's just 5 minutes from our house, but not sure I would try it again. Too bad :(
5	I absolutely adore this place! The lakefront  makes you forget you're in the desert. Sitting on the deck with your friends as the sun goes down with the lake in the background= PICTURE PERFECT. The food and drinks are always good and reasonably priced. Staff is always so friendly. All of which makes me come back for more time and time again.
4	I had almost forgotten about this place after moving out of the Lakes area. And after my recent Sunday Funday jaunt, I remember why I love this hidden gem amidst the desert playground. Where else can you feel like you got transported to some serene hideaway with sunset views that can only be matched by the friendly faces that dine here? This is such a great local spot that gives you the neighborhood vibe of a warm welcome the minute you walk in. If you just want a low key spot to catch the games, there's plenty of screens and bar seating to keep you entertained. Otherwise, the local music talent serenades you while you gab over with friends. My fave pairing is definitely the sliders with jalapenos accompanied by the house salad with grilled shrimp. To balance out the spice kick, drink up on the Kronenburg Blanc. You really can't go wrong except if you happen to miss the sky kissing you good night as the sun sets.
4	Heard of this place from friends at work! Gave it a shot I'm new in town so enjoying finding new places. Their salmon pasta is beyond amazing along with their fish tacos! The service was great and really enjoyed the ambiance of it all. I've heard the happy hour is good haven't Been there for that yet. The domestic beers were a tad pricey but in all I enjoyed myself as well as the dinner!
5	I enjoy this spot for it's atmosphere. The lakefront wrap-around patio is great and they remodeled the inside which is gorgeous. Great craft beer and cocktail selections. We have been here a handful of times for lunch. We also recently had our wedding reception here and they did an outstanding job with service and catering. They gave us private access to the Captain's room (pool table, couches, flat screens) as well as the area outside with dart boards. They allowed us to decorate however we wanted, and set up an outside bar for our guests (which they suggested). Also allowed us to have our own music from a PA system that they provided. The server was very attentive and went above and beyond to meet our needs. The catered food was tasty and received a lot of compliments from our guests. It couldn't have been more perfect.
5	Just what the neighborhood needs! In an area full of divey bars (they are great but not always what I want) this is a welcome change of pace.  The atmosphere is awesome, tons of room inside and out and very nice decor.  Very good liquor and beer selection, very friendly staff.  We will see you there!
2	We were very excited to try this restaurant for der, but unfortunately left very disappointed.  First it took approximately 20 minutes to get menus, and this took me going up to the hostess station to get myself.  You should probably order more menus if your hostess is not able to provide when she seats a customer.After we ordered, we waited close to an hour for our food to arrive.  Yes, it was a Friday, but hardly "busy" in comparison to any other restaurant.  Most people decided that the wait wasn't worth it and left.The food when it arrived was below average.  I ordered the burger, which I figured would be quick and hard to mess up.  Unfortunately half the toppings I ordered were missing and I wasn't about to wait another hour for it to be corrected.  My date's pork sandwich was average, but I wouldn't order again if given the opportunity.  The fries were cold.  Other items on the menu sounded more appealing, but for the location and type of restaurant, way too expensive.   $15 for an entree is too high for the area and quality, and I doubt too many people would be willing to order those entrees after waiting 20 minutes before receiving a menu.  Also, $7 for a craft pint is twice the price of anywhere else in the area.    Overall, a 2 hour dining experience not by choice.Unfortunately, I will not return.  This was the second time I have been to this restaurant and it is the second time I have left disappointed.  I would have been willing to try again if a manager was willing to make customary rounds and apologize to customers for the horrible service (every table around us was complaining about the hour long wait for food to get to the table).
4	Great place! Was a bit skeptical after reading some of the other reviews but it was great! We had the shrimp penne pasta and the grilled cheese. Both were amazing. The coleslaw that they have as a side was so unique and very delicious. We had carrot cake for dessert- it was alright. Kind of dry. They were also out of Sauvignon Blanc which was a bummer. It was dark while we were there but the view was still beautiful. You don't feel like you're in the desert. Highly recommend this place!
4	I've been here about five times now. This is close to home and oh my gosh you should see the view. It is a huge beautiful bar and restaurant that sits right on the water.  You have to go visit!
4	Absolutely pathetic! "Live music" is WAY too loud and if it's anything above 50% capacity you can expect an hour long wait on even an appetizer. My girlfriend and I have been coming here since the grand opening and although the servers are great and are always trying to do what they can to make it enjoyable the management is always coming up with excuses as to why food takes so long to get delivered and try to shortcut the "discounts" they have given us for the inconvenience. Last time we were here we waited an hour and forty five minutes for NACHOS! Then they offered a discount and gave us ONE round of drinks for free when everything else was five times the cost. They gave us a "free appetizer" gift card for our next visit which when we tried to use, they tried to say was only good for the cheapest item we purchased when I specifically told them I wanted the free appetizer to be applied to the nachos we ordered again in good faith. Give this place a year to get their act together and the view and food might be worth it but at this point we have gone from frequent customers to disgusted patrons. Don't waste your timeUPDATE: After this review the GM was more than helpful and personally addressed this issue. The experience was frustrating but it was just a perfect storm and nobody is perfect. We have been back a few times since this first review and the service and food has been top notch!
4	I went to the watershed for a bridal shower recently and I have to say the atmosphere is great.  It is right on the water, in the middle of Tempe's Lakes neighborhood.  The view is beautiful and they have a private room in the back that can hold up to 50 people I bet.  The food was simple, sandwiches and fruit, but it was a lunchtime shower so it was perfect for a shower.  They have a nice grassy area on the patio where people can play games or just sit by the water.  All in all, it was a nice place
5	Fantastic!  The Mexican Eggs were fabulous...we split them up as an appetizer so everyone could get a bite.  And the Carne Adovada was fabulous. With great food and a beautiful lake atmosphere I highly recommend.
4	We came here last night for a work happy hour. The view of the lake is absolutely beautiful and the atmosphere is great. They have a huge bar with a good selection of draft beers, scotch, and mixed drinks. The staff is very friendly and helpful. My one complaint is that the appetizers need some work. We had the nachos which was very plain. We also had queso dip which after one minute on the table turned rock hard since it was just regular cheese just melted. We tried their chicken skewers which were pretty good. I can't comment on their main course dishes because I've only had apps but I've heard they are great. Overall I really like this place and will be returning!
