5	Forget the corporate seafood restaurants. Spend an hour or so in Mexico, and eat some amazing food! Located at what ostensibly is the SE corner of Guadalupe and Priest, the San Diego Bay Restaurant is easy to miss...or disregard at first glance.  From the street it looks like just another Guadalupe market.  Then you go around to the lot and try to squeeze in between a BMW and a Mercedes. What do they know that you don't? That the San Diego Bay (named the best authentic Mexican restaurant by the New Times 2005) serves some of the best south of the border seafood around!Forget ambience...here the food is the star. The whole red snapper, and the grilled seafood assortment are very, very good. But what trips my trigger? The shrimp diablo holds the key to my heart. Shrimp in sour cream, jalepenos, with garlic and onions. Kicks like a mule with velvet horseshoes. Oh so good. My sister orders the version without the heat...called camarones verdes.  Do yourself a favor. Take a trip to Guad....and keep those Negra Modelos coming!
5	I'd agree with Alex, the food is great... the neighborhood not so much.  By far the best Mexican seafood restaurant I've been in north of Rocky Point... it's situated off a Mexican courtyard, in which there is another Mexican restaurant with killer food [although I can't remember the name off-hand]...
5	Based on the recommendation of fellow yelpers my companion and I made the smart choice and listened.   The staff welcomed us warmly and made us feel at home.   We indulged in a dish that is served in a hot lava bowl......WOW!!!   The cheesy, shrimpy goodness made our first voyage to the San Diego Bay all worth while and worthy of  "this is a repeat" status.
4	I had read several good reviews on this restaurant so we went along the other night.  The San Diego  Bay restaurant  is located in  Guadalupe,  the Yaqui Native American and Hispanic community right next to Tempe. There was a steady stream of people, but not overly busy.  Restaurant appearance was  clean  and bright.  Don't expect top high flying ambience, just a typical local family restaurant.  Exactly the relaxed style we like.The young lady who served us very helpful, friendly and attentive, She recommended  the ceviche tostada for a starter which was  good and also the  Molcajete de Camaron (shrimp Molcajete) -  a shrimp dish cooked in a very hot  lava bowl with a light spicey cheesy sauce which was excellent - highly recommended.  Cost was $32 plus tip for a starter, 2 entrees and beer.My wife prefers less spice and went with fish and garlic dish - very nice too. Excellent service, great food  - and the  wonderful  Molcajate de Camaron make this a place we'll take our friends to for something different. - highly recommended.
4	San Diego Bay Restaurant is as good as its Yelp reviews.My son and I are in Scottsdale for our 10th annual three-day Spring training pilgrimage.  After a winning Giants game, and lunch of ballpark fare we need some authentic cuisine, which we found in Guadalupe, AZ.Eat here!
5	You can't  live in Arizona and not go there. I stop by every time I visit PHX. Definitely the best seafood in the desert.  Oysters are excellent so as the shrimp in green sauce. The fried whole red snapper is not my thing but next time I will try it steamed.
4	Visited with a group of people from work for lunch, and it was fantastic. I had the Shrimp Verde, and it was quite tasty. Several people had the hot, lava bowl and absolutely loved it. I have no idea what the proper name is, but seriously, could it be cooler than "I would like to eat the hot lava bowl?" No, it could not.I was a little surprised at the prices, which were more than I usually pay for lunch, but it is because of the fresh, great seafood. It came out to about $20 for each of us for lunch, but well worth it.
5	I'm not crazy about seafood.  Maybe because I've never had it serve so well.  I was a little put off when we went into San Diego Bay and, having read the menu cover to cover, finding no no chicken or beef plates.  I decided I would suck it up and have a shrimp dish.  Of all the creatures of sea, shrimp are probably the least offensive to me.  I ordered the shrimp molcajete, based mostly on the menu picture.  I looked like a basic stew.  When came to the table was a surprise.  The molcajete, which is a bowl carved from stone, had been heated in the oven and the stew poured into that.  The stew was still bubbling vigorously when it arrived at the table.  The dish was shrimp, of course, served in a stew of tomato, cheese, chiles, and spices.  The base may have been like a shrimp bisque, but I couldn't really tell.  It was fantastic.  I told the waitress it was the best thing I'd had in a long time.  My mom had a similar shrimp stew.  It was substantially more cheesy than mine, and with less fire, but very good as well.  Other items I noted on the menu: marlin tacos, octopus, whole red snapper.
4	Thanks YELP! (again)!  I really like this place and would have never found it if it wasn't for YELP!I've eaten there several times now, both for lunch and dinner, excellent Mexican seafood - very authentic.  Great flavor, great salsa in a (very) casual environment that gives a lot of the local hispanic flavor of Guadalupe!  The music on the jukebox is often traditional Mexican Mariachis and everyone speaks Spanish - a great meal and great bargain!
2	I went to this restaurant because of the great reviews that were written by people that don't have a clue of what good food is. The place was empty for the 2 1/2 hours while we were there and that was on a Saturday night at dinner time, that should have told me something, We ordered a dozen of the worse tasting oysters that I have ever eaten, no flavor, oh excuse me they did have flavor only because I squeezed on lemon juice and hot sauce. Those two condiments probably saved me from dying of food poisoning. I ordered the whole  fried red snapper and when it was brought to my table it looked as if the filets were cut off to make another dish, but it wasn't for any customers, probably the cook wanna be in the kitchen. The fish was anorectic looking and burned to the bone. I was a knuckle head for not sending it back. The shrimp dishes that we smothered in cheese sauce and bubbling was impressive but tasteless just as the rest of the food. Lousy food, great bargin, NO MAS !!!!
4	Of course, my boyfriend and I wanted the lava bowl.  Nothing sounded more delicious than fresh-tasting octopus, shrimp, fish, and mussels in a cheesy, creamy sauce.  In a lava bowl.Our molcajete arrived hot and bubbling, and after a few bites, kicked in with a burn-your-lips-off hot spice that I couldn't love more.  It's more than enough to split, so keep that in mind when looking at the (somewhat-higher-than-typical-Mexican-fare) prices.Tortillas tasted fresh, the guac was solid, and chips were the crispy, oily, delicious kind I adore.  The on-table salsa is kickin' and delicious.  What San Diego Bay lacks in ambiance, they more than make up for with flavor.And really, what more do you want from a Mexican restaurant?  A bucket of Coronas for $12??San Diego Bay's got you covered all around.
5	This is another one of those restaurants I would have never known about if it wasn't for Yelp. San Diego Bay Restaurant is tucked away in the corner of a shopping center on the main drag in Guadalupe.It's taken me a long time to review this place. The first time I went was over two years ago and I've been back a few times.  I have to admit, I've never had better Mexican seafood. Unfortunately since it's been awhile, I've forgotten what I ordered. I can tell you this though, every dish has been superb. Each bite was like heaven. I left wanting to try everything on the menu. The servers always steered me towards great dishes with their recommendations and I've taken many people here, much to their delight. They've all raved about it.
1	Yelp, I cannot think of the words necessary to express my disappointment.  This was not only the worst seafood I have eaten in my life, but by far the worst Mexican food as well.  What are you people smoking?We started with a few beers, can't screw that one up.  I ordered an appetizer that was completely not as described but I should have known better since it was in the cold section of the appetizers.  It sure didn't say raw oysters, raw shrimp, octopus, and thawed shrimp in a crappy broth.  All for $15?  As if there wasn't enough lack of texture with those ingredients, they throw avocado on top.  Yeah, that will round out the dish.  I am not even completely factoring that into the rating because I should have paid more attention to it being cold.For my meal I got Marlin Machaca.  What kind of seafood joint serves you shredded fish?  Is it marlin or Tuna?  Why the hell would I want my fish shredded?  On top of that the flavors were just bad.  It was either canned, or just not fresh.  How can you call this place a seafood establishment when they rape the fish so badly?  It came with refried beans, white rice with frozen peas and carrots, and a pile of raw iceberg lettuce.  Why are they adding frozen veggies to the rice?  It doesn't bring me comfort to know they aren't cooking anything fresh.  And why the nasty white iceberg in clumps?  The beans were good and they gave us tortillas so I spent the meal making little tacos and seeing which hot sauce covered up the poor flavors the best.The other victim ordered the "fish".  How much less information can they provide.  It was a choice between sea bass or Tilapia.  Since Tilapia is a FRESHWATER fish, they lose points and really expose themselves as a fraud.  Hers was much better than mine, but nothing worthy of  taking it home leftovers or ever returning.   Bill totaled out to $50+!!  For Mexican food, and terrible Mexican food at that!  Food was awful, prices were outrageous, it was in the cesspool that is Guadalupe, how much worse can it get?I should have listened to my inner voice that said nothing good happens in Guadalupe.  It is an unbelievable little place.  The instant you cross over from Tempe to the Guad the road turns to crap with potholes and bumps everywhere.  Businesses vanish, and homes are replaced with shacks.  Minimal street lights and overall maintenance and infrastructure make you feel like 2012 has already arrived.  The best part of our journey was driving away, seemingly crossing an imaginary line of civilization and being back in Tempe at AZ Mills Mall.Not sure what the expectations are for the other reviewers, but I expect fresh food from the sea.  Much of what we ate was probably out of a can like the octopus, oysters, and the marlin.  The shrimp were most likely frozen and/or precooked.  Saturday night, there was one couple eating there, and a bunch of drunks outside playing the guitar.  That says more about this place than the unexplainable positive reviews on here.  I will never be able to look at Yelp reviews the same way again...... The one positive I take from this experience is that I saw a hot dog cart and a taco cart as I left the Guad.  I may have to hit up the taco cart in the future.(EDIT: I wonder why the other bad review for this place has been hidden.  I should have weighed his opinion more heavily, would have saved me a bad experience and some cash)
4	We ate here for the first time a couple weeks ago and it is definitely going into our regular rotation.  This is the only place I have ever found in Phoenix that has true Mexican style seafood dishes.  Their cocktel de camarones was fantastic!  I got shrimp flautas which were also very good.  My husband was pleased that they also had a few non-fish items on the menu and so he ordered the carne asada.  The only negative thing I have to say is DO NOT order the fried banana dessert.  I can't remember what they called it, but it was not good at all.A couple of caveats (really, responses to the negative reviewers) for those of you considering trying this place: 1 - it is in Guadalupe so there are no frills here, this is a casual mom and pop dive.  2 - it is Mexican style seafood.  Don't order fish and chips and expect it to be good.  That is not what you go here for.
4	Very pleased with the ceviche section.  Cute lil tostadas with great tasting toppings, some unconventional topping on the special ceviche tostada.  I don't really want to give away its secrets, try it yourself!Less pleased with the marlin machaca.  Definitely not fresh tasting compared to everything else, but was surprised at how good the rice was, very lightly buttered and salted with some nice snap to the veggies.
3	I've been back 4 times since my initial visit, but today's lunch merits a star reduction, due to the underwhelming special tostada today, which was probably 50% imitation crab meat, instead of the promised variety on their special tostada.  The San Diego tostada was still delicious, but I will begrudge them the krab I reluctantly consumed.
3	Arrived 5:30p, Saturday eve. One couple and one group of buddies were also in attendance -- stayed an hour, no one else came/left. The staff was friendly and accomodating. Magaritas were $5, and tasty. Buddy and I tried: guac on side (delicious, fresh), chips were (nice), salsa (crisp and fresh), Shrimp enchilada ($11) and Swiss Enchilada ($10), served with white rice (blech) and peas/carrots (weird), refried beans w/ monterey jack cheese (nice).Spiceeeness is just right for me :)Tastes all melded well, but not so creative, same old stuff.Cost: $41 (surprisingly high)...was guac $5? (3 Margs + H2O)Next round I'll try the higher end fish products and assess for "sea" quality that San Diego is known for...Enjoy,J
5	Fab chips and salsa, you can tell it is made fresh. The service is always so friendly. The beers are cheap and served with frozen mugs. There is an amazing thing that happens here...Molcajete. This dish is ridiculous. It is filled with shrimp (you can get mixed seafood too), onions, mushrooms and tomatoes in this beautiful sauce that has just the right amount of spice. It is topped with a handful of cheese and served in a screaming hot lava rock bowl. It arrives at the table bubbling and sizzling. Get it with the super fresh corn tortillas and you have a meal made in heaven. I always share it with someone because it is so much food. The seafood cocktails here are great too! Check out the pics I posted to see what I'm talking about.Don't come here looking for average Mexican food. There isn't a single burrito to be found. Go get some!!!!
5	Like every mexican joint, you start with chips and salsa.  Their salsa is a unique favor and color.  Not sure what they put in it, but it's delicious.  That's kind of my precursor to what I'm going to order.  So the first time I went, I started with the a seafood bowl that was awesome.  The seafood was fresh, and tasted great.We also ordered what is known as the Lava Bowl.  Served in a volcano rock bowl that stands tall, the dish was served boiling.  A liquid gold of cheese, mushrooms, onion, shrimp and spices.  Served with fresh, homemade tortillas, this dish is not one to miss.  Beers served in cold, frosty mugs.  Loving this new place.
4	Visited again after a 5 month hiatus, and happy to report that I re-ordered all their ceviche tostadas and found them all very satisfying.  Small bonus for remembering me and offering what I wanted right away.
5	This is one of our absolute favorite places for Mexican food.  We generally take people here from out of town as one of our "go-to" places.  I can say the shrimp molcajete is one of my favorite dishes around.  I've yet to see it replicated at another restaurant.  It's a soupy, cheesy, bowl of shrimp goodness.  It comes served in a hot lava bowl that is still bubbly 15 -20 minutes after it's been served.  It is on the spicy side.  My husband and I always share a bowl and use the last of the tortillas to sop of every last drop.  Enjoy!
5	Put the Molcajete on your bucket list. How I ever survived 62 years without ever hearing of let alone ingesting this fabulous dish is beyond comprehension. As close as I can come to describing this dish is that it's a tomato, seafood broth with loads of cheese (which surprisingly does not make for heaviness) that hides about a quarter pound of PD & C tail off shrimp. Great balance on the seasonings. The establishment is clean and well lit. The staff very friendly and willingly explained the dishes to their Polish/Gringo guest (moi). If you get the chance to meet Lupita, the owner, do so ... a truly caring restaurateur and a lovely woman. This is the type of place that can't be duplicated.
5	This is a great little authentic Mexican restaurant - don't let the looks fool you, it is delicious!  I had the Tampiquena, it is one of the best I have had.  Highly recommended
4	Hubby and I finally made it here last night. The area is definitely a little shady and the restaurant itself is surely nothing special to look at. We walked in and nobody was there. No biggie; I was trusting fellow Yelpers that it was good. The lady that waited on us was super duper nice. The chips weren't the freshest, but the salsa was awesome. It had a nice heat, which we love. We each ordered a crab tostada, and you could definitely tell it wasn't the fake stuff. It tasted good, until about halfway in I started getting too much lime flavor (which I don't care for) so I let hubby have the rest. He gobbled em up and loved every bit. Next came our molcajete. We obviously had to order them due to the rave reviews. I loved the presentation. Hubby got the mixed seafood one, which was shrimp, octopus, and snail. I opted for just shrimp. The tortillas it comes with are fresh and warm and delicious. The soup is spicy and flavorful and pretty damn good. I did, however, get a few shrimp that tasted a little funny. I don't think they were rotten seeing as I'm not sick, but just tasted a little off. The tomato broth did kinda make me "gaggy" toward the end but overall it was tasty. We had a restaurant.com certificate, and the total bill + tax came to $50 or so, but we only ended up paying $27. Hooray for discounts! :)
4	Multiple visits through the years reaffirm my love for this place!  The pregnant tostadas are the best with real crab vs the other tostadas, accompanied by lovely scallops and shrimp.  As other say, the shrimp molcajete is very tasty, and also props to their goburnador tacos.  Avoid the stuffed filet preparations however.  Overall, still extremely worth braving the sheriff's posse in Guadalupe to get some exceptionally good food!
3	First off, the location of this place isn't helping it at all.  It's tucked away behind a huge ugly walled in area, and you can't see it from the street at all.  This isn't a luxurious meal by any means, and when we walked in we took note of all the un-bussed tables filled with dirty plates, etc.  However, we sat down to eat nonetheless.  The server (who was also the cashier and busser on this day) was very polite and friendly.  He promptly brought over chips and salsa, which were very good.  The food we ordered was good - my wife had fish tacos, I had calamari.  Both portion sizes were large.  Mine came with beans, salad, rice and tortillas.  Our bill was less than $25, so no complaints on the prices either.  This place would probably flourish in a different location, and with more staff.
4	Went for an early dinner on a Sunday and we were very pleased! The salsa is great, but I do prefer a thinner chip. Started with a dozen oysters on the half shell. My boyfriend and I are big oyster fans, these were fresh, plump and delicious! Then we had the shrimp and avocado salad, very fresh. The Molcajete was amazing, great flavors, hard to describe, a must try. I ordered the Whole Red Snapper Fried, served with rice, beans, and salad. The rice could use some work, the only negative really of the whole meal. I enjoyed the beans. Overall, I would go back again, I tend to like places that are "hidden gems", this being one. Also alcohol is very reasonable.
5	I'm tellin ya. This is the best seafood mexican in phoenix . Grab a chilada and some seafood molcajete in the Vesuvius lava bowl. The fish and shrimp tacos are super, the margaritas are big and bold. Gets busy, and the location is away in a corner, but well worth it. This place is on my where to eat in Phoenix listing...
4	In an out of the way for some, but perfectly convenient to our hotel location, San Diego is a great little spot for some Mexican seafood in Guadalupe. I kicked off the meal with one of the best micheladas I've had in a WHILE. It was tart, spicy, good balance of Clamato and beer...so refreshing. The salt around the rim is fancier than my usual version in a plastic cup.The specialty here is seafood, and that's what we stuck to.  The molcajete can be ordered mixto instead of just plain shrimp, so we got it that way. The flavor was very good, and there was plenty of seafood: shrimp, calamares, caracol, etc.  It could have used a bit more cheese.  We also had the cold San Diego Cocktail, with many of the same creatures, but in a citrusy broth, an the addition of oysters and avocado. Those two items were more than enough for the two of us, especially with some corn tortillas on the side. The decor is bright and friendly with some Diego Rivera prints and tile pieces. The waitress was friendly and attentive, even while handling the whole dining room herself, including a party of 8 or so.
4	The seafood Molcajate was very good, although, not as cheesy as I expected and I was a bit bummed out when I had to order rice and beans even though it said it came with them.
5	One wouldn't expect good Mexican-style seafood in the middle of Arizona, much less in the middle of a mostly abandoned strip mall in Guadalupe. But man, oh man. I've never had a bad meal here. The chips and salsa as delicious and the entrees are all so tasty. I have to admit that I usually get the Shrimp Al Ajillo (a chile/garlic sauce) which is just so flavorful. But I do encourage my boyfriend to get other things to try (i.e. for me to try!) and we have never been disappointed. Also, very reasonably priced!
5	OMG this was good, crab tostada were to die for. I would have never discovered this place it it weren't for yelp. Next time we are in the area we will be back!
5	great fresh mexican seafood.  i had the ceviche tostada as an appetizer.  i got two, but one would probably be good.  the main was the shrimp al diablo.  everthing fresh and tasty.   the servers were very nice and helped me practice my spanish.
3	The shrimp ceviche is fantastic and it was a delight to taste homemade red & green chile sauces on the enchiladas. I've never been to a mainly seafood Mexican restaurant before, so it's hard to compare to others, but I've had the typical seafood dishes at Mexican chains (Arribas, Macayos, etc.) and this is way better. Atmosphere has authentic charm, but the bathrooms could use improvement. Unfortunately during my first visit, they mixed up a sauce request and forgot to bring out a burrito for my son.  We had more than enough food so it wasn't a concern. The price is decent - $45 for a family of four. Overall, I would come back if craving fresh seafood. I would recommend giving the place a try!
4	My husband was eating here, I swear, at least 1x a week with this soccer buddies.. he'd always come home and tell me about the awesome ceviche, tacos de marlin, and tacos de governador, and mojarra frita he had there.So we all went with the in-laws in tow to have lunch there one Sat afternoon.  I had the tacos de marlin and everyone else ordered the vast list of things my hubby recommended.  Let's just say no one at our table was complaining nor disappointed - everyone polished off the food and the ones who couldn't, well, it's only because the mojarra was so huge.  Since I only tried the tacos de marlin and liked them, those are the only ones I can personally say were yummy.The prices were very reasonable and the food was plentiful and very, very flavorful.  We did, however, get seated in their back section.. squeezed up against another large family which was a bit annoying since there were 2 huge tables in the main area that said 'reserved' on them (but we noted no one actually ever sat there).I'd go back again if I got the craving for it... btw, it's located in a strip-mall and sorta hard to find if you don't know where to look...
5	Marlin tacos...wow!  Shrimp diablo was phenomenal.   Great drink specials during the week.
5	I love Mexican Soups, Menudo, Abondigas,tortilla soups, you name it! I found the Mother of all soups especially if you like seafood. Its called the Molcajete de Mariscos. Its a spicy shrimp soup served in a hot lava bowl. The bowl is made of lava stone and they cook it in the oven to heat it up and serve it to you piping hot with your choice of tortillas.
1	I've had better......There was a reason this place was not busy on 7pm on a Friday evening....For the price you pay, you get very minimal seafood, and too many fillers. For instance we ordered a plate for 1, the special combination with, snail, octopus, squid. It had tiny pieces of each item mixed in with lots of onions and tomatoes and yellow peppers - this plate was small and cost a whopping $22.00 !!!!!!!!  I could not believe it! Then we ordered a ceviche dish, there was non existent seafood, very little shrimp very little fish, however loaded with tomatoes and fillers.  I Will NOT Be Back!I have been to many Mexican Cantina Seafood Saloons from Baja Mexico to the best in the Southwest US regions. This place does not even compare. It was a waste money over 50 Dollars spent on veggies with very tiny pieces of seafood. A Total Rip OFF!!!  I do NOT recommend this place, San Diego Bay Restaurant, A waste of Time and Money!!!
5	I have only had the fish tacos and the ceviche tostadas and they are delish.  I eat here at least once a week and bring the whole family.  Service is always great and their salsa is quite tasty.  I love this place.  I would like to venture out and try the molcajete.  It looks like a lava of cheese.  My food is always great.  My picky kids even love this place.  The fish tacos are my kids favorite.  I think this place is great.  Don't let the fact that it is in Guadalupe scare you!
4	Eat here.  Really nice family running the place.  Shrimp are fresh and tasty.  Best chile relleno i've had in a long time.  I saw a few guys eating shrimp cocktails that looked amazing (cocktail not the dudes); next time I'm getting a cocktail.
5	I have eaten in this restaurant for three lunches in a row and brought 3 other people with me in the second trip and 5 other in the third. In short, everybody loved the food and was extremely pleased about our choice to eat here. Nothing really disappointed however the hot bowl of mixed seafood and melted cheese was my personal favorite. When things get complicated , it might be useful to know a bit of Spanish but for the most part that's not needed. Probably left the highest percentage tip I've ever left in our third visit.
5	Finally tried and great food. Little bit expensive but worth it everything was good . Will go back again.
4	I don't live in Phoenix, but I did and every time I'm in the area I go out of my way to get the Marlin Machaca. It is to die for and I haven't found it anywhere, outside of Mexico, except here.
5	I have been coming to the hood  (as my whitey friends) think of  it... For  awhile  now.  I love this place.  A tad expensive, but love the flavors. Be brave....drive to Guadalupe. EAT HERE!
5	Best. Mariscos. Ever. I get the shrimp molcajete every time, I can't help it. A friend got  diablo shrimp and the habanero sauce was creamy and so spicy, they didn't hold back.  The food here is so unique it's my first stop whenever I go back to visit Arizona.
5	Everything is Good. The End.They also have specials Tues-Thurs. Drool......We normally rely on the deliciousness of the green shrimp, a la diabla or the molcajete.  They use chile tepin in a lot of their recipes, spicy and flavorful.
