3	LOW LOW PRICES!! TODAY!! Actually every day. You're not going to Thai Grill for the atmosphere unless you really miss the atmosphere of your Grandpa's basement rec room. Light brown paneling rules the day here and it is completed by a couple TV's sitting up on a cabinet or table and red vinyl booths accented by occasional touches of almost matching duct tape. All it needed was a furnace, water heater and peg board wall filled with tools and the Grandpa's basement Thai restaurant illusion would be complete. So what about the food you ask? Is this a legit hole-in-the wall find? I'm not quite sure. I had Mussman Curry with shrimp. I ordered it medium but would go hotter next time. The sauce was nice and flavorful and there were no remnants of curry flakes I have seen at other Thai places. It included shrimp, potatoes, carrots, onions and peanuts. The veggies were fine although some of them had a crinkle cut which I found oddly distracting in Thai food. The shrimp was good but a little chewy. Could be slightly overcooked or could be thawed too quickly: 2 methods with the same result, chewy shrimp. I also ordered Thai iced coffee. The server brought out Thai iced tea which I immediately started on. He quickly realized his mistake and brought out the iced coffee. I drank most of both and I actually preferred the Thai iced tea. It had a good earthy authenticity to it. Between the coffee and the tea my fingers are flying right now, BTW. The total bill for this decent but not outstanding meal? $12.06. Solid. There was steady call-in and drop by orders going to local repeat customers that they knew by name...generally a good sign. The neighborhood is...well there is a security guard patrolling the lot after dark. I'll leave it at that.
4	Just to update the previous review of this restaurant . . . the place has been completely remodeled since those photos were taken.  It's now quite nice inside; tasteful and modern.  The food is good as well, and the people are extremely nice.
4	My boyfriend and I tried this place because we were both craving for thai food. By far our favorite Thai restaurant, their prices are great and the service is excellent. If you like Tom Yum soup you must try it!
2	At first glance, the restaurant seems to be pretty well built with a. lot of nice, casual tables. Empty tables, except for the staff eating in the dining room. The first thing that catches my eye is the glass of water, lots of random floating white bits. This is not your usual dirty glass mind you, there were a substantial number of things on my glass and of my companion's glass.We ordered a Thai Iced Tea since the water was no good. Fortunately this was clean, and tasted pretty good.For entrees, we got Chicken Phad Thai, Pan Nang Beef, and Screaming Tiger.  The Phad Thai had decent flavor, and was quite plentiful for a lunch special under $7.  The Pan Nang Beef was quite different.  My companion asked for it mild but was still a bit spicy and grease was covering the top of the curry. It was quite poorly made and to date only one place in this city prepares it well.  The Screaming Tiger was decent.  Lightly marinated beef that was grilled to medium and sliced thin, served with steamed brocolli and carrots.  It had a tamarind soy dipping sauce (at least that's what it tasted like.)Overall, the experience was mediocre, and the total of the bill was about $30 for two people with 3 entrees and 2 drinks.
5	Going to the Thai Grill was an excellent experience. The restaurant has a modern asian feel.They have very tasty traditional Thai food. The service is very prompt and friendly. The first impression of the restaurant is that it is newly remodeled with a nice tile floor and dark wood furniture. I was impressed by the unique modern asian art on the walls. Everything felt professional designed to fit. After speaking with the waiter I learned that they had just changed ownership and the new owner put a lot of time and effort into remodeling the place. I think they did a great job. The service was excellent. I had a few questions about what to order and the waiter was very patient and was helpful even when i stumbled with some of the pronunciations. I finally ordered the beef salad, yellow curry, chicken satay, and the tom kha kai. I had my camera with me so I was able to practice some food shots. I posted them on this site. Let me know what you think. When the food came it was an excellent presentation. What i noticed was that the flavors were very unique and better then what i have tried at other restaurants. I started with the chicken satay. I really like the peanut sauce that comes with this. The chicken was juicy and cooked just right. The beef salad had a great steak flavor with a hint of lime. The veggies were fresh and crisp. The curry had a unique flavor. Not the curry from the can but a home made flavor. I recommend trying this one. The heavy hitter was the tom kha kai. It was an explosion of flavor. The combination of coconut ,Thai spices , and chicken were perfect.  I also highly recommend this from the Thai grill. They have somehow taken a great recipe and gave it more character. Share it with a friend. I have to give the Thai grill 5 stars because it was  a perfect experience.  The environment was classy and professional. The service was friendly and prompt, they made me feel like i was family. The food was excellent and very traditional with more attention to the unique Thai flavors. And most important of all the prices are very competitive with other Thai restaurants. This is my first review of a restaurant. I look forward to reviewing more restaurants.
4	This is authentic Thai food really good.  The inside has been re done and good service.
4	I have been here about 5 times and it is good authentic Thai food.  The seafood cakes(nothing like Thai fish cakes) were yummy I had never had them before but sadly they have taken them off the menu as no one was ordering them!  We've had the whole fish which was crispy delicious. we've tried all the curries really good my only complaint is they are afraid to make the food as spicy as we like it but they will give you some hot condiments.  The Pad Thai is not sweet like most places more like how they make it in New Zealand which I prefer.The staff are always friendly, the decor looks fresh if not high end but this is not the finest neighborhood.  Definitely worth the trip.
5	Firstly, this review has to go out to Dan the man. Thank you Dan P. or else I would have never found/tried this. Sure its in an odd location, a bit shady, but it's comfortable once inside. Some of the best foods is where you wouldn't expect. The BF and I ordered:Thai Ice Teas- definitely agree that it's not a flat black tea and has some spice to it, nice. BTW, whe you get the water and there are flakes in it- don't worry it's fruit! They infuse the filtered water with apples, strawberries, lemons, etc so it's naturally gonna get some little flakes. They should probably tell people that when they pour you water, but I read Dan's review and knew to make sure to drink my water and not think it was dirty! Tom Kha Kai, small ($5. and some change)- Forget smelling salts, put this in someones mouth when they pass out. That is flavor of fierce!!! No skimping on the spices and the sourness. I like- a lot. Not watered down at most places that it kinda took me aback....oh yeah, that's what it's supposed to taste like or at least what would be served to you in Thailand. Not that the "usual" is bad, but I LOVE sour/savory/spicy balanced soups. The small is generous still- it fills 3 bowls of the little bowls they give you. Chicken Mussaman ($7.95)- Pretty good. It's a mild curry that I would say is an easy comfort curry. Theirs was a bit more sweet than I would make it, but still balanced. I rarely see this on menus so it's quite nice to see. Lone Some Trout ($12.95)- You have no idea how long I've been searching for this dish. It's only of my all time favorite fish dishes  I rarely find and only one place does it right (Palm Thai, LA). This place does it a bit differently than Palm, but the important parts are done right. They do a whole (boneless) trout and cut it up into small pieces and deep fry with the skin on. This results in a skin that is chip like and lovely so don't you dare take it out and eat the filet only like a weak sauce! They do a mix of salad- lettuce, julienned green apple, cucumber, chilies (you can ask for it mild, but a little spice is nice in this!), cashews and a sweet vinegar based sauce. Forget the usual Thai beef salad- try this! This is lovely- simple yet complex, fresh and light. This dish alone seals me coming back. My BF agreed and thought this was great and said it's on our rotation of spots.For $34, this was a good dinner at a decent price. We're both stuffed, and still have enough mussaman left to take home and make a good lunch tomorrow. The service is attentive, friendly and talkative. They genuinely seem to care and check back on how you're enjoying everything so on top of the food, it's a pleasant environment. I would say that I'll give them something between 4-4.5 for the overall but it's rounded up to the 5 for making me a very happy person today with the trout....I mean how can I not give a place that made me this happy a great rating?  If you like your flavors fresh and fierce then come give it a try.
5	Thai Grill and I have a long history.  Starting nearly five years ago, I started eating authentic Bangkok-style Thai food here on a weekly basis.  Some of you might remember Pock and his family's unique, gourmet Thai food during that time.  About a year ago, ownership changed, and the food changed... starting the beginning of this year there is yet a new owner with new recipes, especially Northern and Southern Thailand recipes.  Here is my updated review for Thai Grill over several visits.Pad See Ew - Fresh Chinese broccoli, fairly well prepared chicken.  The sauce is a little heavier than it used to be, and slight bit sweeter.  However, it is still a good version of this classic Thai dish.  I would say that it compares to the style of Pad See Ew at Kung Fu.Pineapple Fried Rice ($9.99) - Very well done.  Lighter, and a little less flavorful than the old Thai Grill fried rice, but not greasy at all.  They started using fresh pineapples again, which gives the dish the properly fruity-sweet flavor that it is supposed to have.  I enjoyed it.Kang-Pa, Jungle Curry ($8.99) - A Northern Thai spicy fish sauce curry soup (no coconut) with bamboo, various peppers, galanga, choice of meat, and a whole lot of taste.  This is a very authentic curry, and I loved how th curry flavor mixed with the fish sauce.  I haven't had a lot of Northern Thai dishes, but this was definitely much nicer than the Northern Red Curry at LoS.  I wouldn't recommend this for folks who aren't adventurous, but if you are then this is a great dish to try.Hung-Ley ($8.99) - This is a pork base with a homemade curry (not coconut curry) type sauce on it.  The pork was cooked similar to pot roast.  It was extremely tender, and expertly prepared.  The taste over rice was amazingly great.  I highly recommend trying this one.Duck Noodles (10.99) - This came with a regular egg noodle, duck, Chinese broccoli, and various herbs.  The broth reminded me of pho, and wasn't spicy at all.  I added some chili powder to spice it up, and it probably could have also benefited from the sour sauce in hind sight.  The duck was well prepared.  Overall I would order this again for people who aren't into the stronger tasting Thai dishes.Nam-Tod (8.99) - This is a deep fried pork dish over a vinegary sauce and light salad.  The fried pork was flaky and simply amazing.  I am not a huge fan of fried foods, but the way the pork was prepared was simply amazing.  If you like to explore, try this one out.  The vinegar sauce was not overpowering, and was well balanced (unlike most vinegar sauces at Thai restaurants).  You can tell that the cook knows how to balance flavors properly. Red Curry w/Beef ($7.99) - So far my only real disappointment, if you could call it that, but it wasn't that bad compared to most Thai restaurants in Vegas.  This is the first coconut based curry I have had here.  It had a light, but unique flavor.  It definitely could have used more umph to it though.  the server promised that the curry can be made spicier for us next time.  With some chili powder though, it was still a good curry.Khao Soi ($7.99) - YUM!  This has fresh, yummy noodles, and a well balanced yellow curry.  I loved their version of the dish.  It comes in a huge bowl, so it is bound to fill you up.  The best part about this dish is the yellow curry, which is rich and flavorful (not sweet).  Desserts - the Fried banana and sweet sticky rice are perfect.  I've only had "better" fried banana at TSNH, but even that is a toss up... these were very lightly fried, which made them easier on the stomach than TSNH.  The sweet sticky rice (with or without mango depending on the season), is again expertly prepared.  The sweet coconut based sauce saturates the rice, making it very sweet (not candy sweet though), but somehow doesn't make the rice soggy.  You've got to try this one if you are a fan of this classic Thai dessert.Final thoughts: the new cook, Natta, knows how to balance Thai food, and at the same time keep it strong and unique.  The food is about as authentic as it gets.  The menu is absolutely huge, featuring different regions of Thailand; you are bound to find a dish that you have never heard of/tried before.  I will definitely return on a regular basis!UPDATE/WARNING: In my opinion, Thai Grill has two modes: Slightly Americanized, and Authentic.  The Americanized versions aren't bad at all.  The main thing is that the base recipes are well done.  Some people might not like the added sugar/toned down Thai flavors of the Americanized versions.  If you are one of those people, be sure to tell your server to make the authentic, strong stuff!
4	Angela H and I went to try the new Thai Grill and came in time for the lunch specials ($5.99 for chicken, pork, veggie,beef $6.99 seafood- salmom, shrimp, catfish). She grabbed shrimp panang and I got red curry catfish (both $6.99). Both curries were very well made with depth in flavor. The fish in my catfish was fresh (not fried in case you prefer braised) and there was fresh long beans, bellpepper and bamboo shoots. I love when veggies are in it since it adds a lot more to the texture and flavor. Here's the kicker that sets them back- they give egg drop soup and 2 fried wontons. I just find it weird that a legit Thai place is serving up like a Chinese takeout. It's an unnecessary part of of the meal that wasn't that good. It just overshadows how good the Thai food is. I'm happy to pay a little more for a lunch special that maybe has a real Thai appetizer to go with the lunch portion entree. I ordered unsweetened Ice Tea and I was expecting typical brew, but it was the black tea that goes in Thai ice tea.. Since it's not some premix, if you find most Thai ice teas are too sweet you can probably request it with less syrup in it or syrup on the side to add yourself.I'm so far happy with the quality of food the new Thai Grill owners are serving up. Will be back this weekend with the BF and hopefully can get to my favorite dish- Lonesome Trout and order some of the Northern, Issan dishes that rarely show up on usual Thai menus.
4	Had the Pineapple rice, Sal-Oua and pad se ew.  All was good, Sal-Qua was..just like any sausage I've eaten.  but I tried that by going out on a limb away from what people recommended.
5	Alright, they're still the most legit Thai in town. I know everyone loves to throw around how much they're a Thai "expert" but I lived near Thai Town LA for most of my life and this is the kind of food preparation I grew to have a taste for.  For those who don't know Los Angeles has the largest Thai population outside of Thailand and food has to be amazing because your customers are mostly Thai immigrants. We had Thai Ice Tea ($2.50) and I have to note that theirs isn't too sweet which is nice. Green curry w/ tofu ($7.99)- the tofu used was silken and lightly fried to give some texture and they added peas, bellpepper, bamboo shoot and green beans which was a welcomed addition. The curry itself was very good and I appreciate that it's not so sweet which a lot of Thai places tend to do for the American palette. Sweetened green curry is good, regular savory green is delicious! We ordered this a 2, and it came more like a 5-6....maybe a note to do "no spice" for the BF and add my own because it's a bit much for him to be able to eat. Even with the spice, the BF says this is his new favorite curry (he loves panang and always orders it). Lone some Trout ($9.99 for filet or you can get a whole fish for $12.99) Filet comes out in bigger chunks than the previous owners version. It makes it less crispy, but it still is good. I appreciate this is still around and will order again.Moo-Tod/Garlic Pepper Fried Pork ($8.99)- This is for the salt and pepper porkchop people and garlic fanatics out there! It's basically a  pork chop battered then rolled in pieces of garlic and served with a duo sauce (meant to mix) of a plum kinda hoisin like sauce and a lemon spice sauce. I kinda had a garlic love moment which the BF laughed at.  Will order this again because I'm a garlic/salad/pork lover; this was a dish meant for me. I had it once before on top of a noodle dish and I've been thinking about that damn pork for years. People who think Anthony Bourdain is the biggest pork whore hasn't met me. I will note though that next day that the garlic will linger. I took a shower and brushed my teeth well yet I still feel like I'm slightly garlicky so it's no joke.The BF and I came starving which never is a good idea because we will order with our eyes and empty bellies and not our head. Prices are reasonable for the very fair portions of food.  Lots to take home to gorge on later! Lotus of Siam is noted for being the most "exotic" Thai menu around with their Northern dishes....Thai Grill has Northern and like 4 other regions giving Lotus for a run! This is a diamond find for me. I'll keep coming back to try out everything and join Dan P. in his symphony of Thai Grill chants whenever Thai food conversations pop up on Yelp. However, there are still some hangups that I found odd during our dinner. The owner checked on the table next to us like 20 times, chatted with them about the dishes, etc and never did check our table since we had a server. The lady taking care of us didn't really give as personal service. Just saying, it's an observation that theres a big difference in experiences from one table to another. Our server came out that they don't have Lonesome Trout filet and if we want the whole fish after we already had eaten half of two dishes and been there a while. I didn't want a whole because I was hoping for smaller crispier filets so I asked if I can order something else and get the filets on a next visit. Not even a few minutes later, she said that they were making lonesome filet and brought it out. It was just odd. Yelpers- expect a February Sunday dinner UYE to pop up real soon! I think the spot offers quality food though so I'd like to explore more of it and hope for a bit better service.
4	I attended a Yelp Event that was held at Thai Grill with a invite from my friend Dan P.Like Dan P., I've been here a few times in the past couple of years and this is the first time I've been back since they changed ownership.I ordered the Beef Jerky, which was very good.  I tried the green curry with shrimp and it was very spicy for a medium hotness.  It is still good.  Surprisingly, the Yellow Curry with chicken was very good.  It's as good as my mom's yellow curry with chicken.  I think my mom is going to kill me for saying Thai Grill's yellow curry is better then hers.The next dish I sampled was the Jungle Curry, which I am not a huge fan because it was really watery.  This is to be expected as it is Jungle curry, so no coconut milk.Overall it was a really good event and the food was excellent.  I need to go to a few more yelp event.
4	Last night, I had the pleasure of attending my first unofficial Yelp event here at Thai Grill.  I spent the evening sharing in good food and good company and I met some really nice people.  If you ever get a chance to attend a Yelp event, I recommend it.  It was a lot of fun.The Thai food here at Thai Grill is some of the best in town.  The restaurant is under new ownership so if you didn't like it in the past (which is doubtful), I recommend that you try it again.  The new menu contains many new and delicious items originating from all areas of Thailand.If you are tempted to get the lunch specials, don't.  Be courageous!  Be adventurous!  Be daring!  Go for the real food on the menu!  You won't be disappointed.My favorites include the Pad See Ewe, Green Curry, and something new I tried called Pa Cha.Pad See Ewe is probably my favorite Thai dish.  I love it's smokey flavor and wide rice noodles.  It's best when made with Chinese style broccoli, which Thai Grill serves fresh.  If you haven't tried Pad See Ewe, you won't be disappointed when you do.  It's full of wonderful flavors and is even more delicious with a little Thai chili powder sprinkled on top.The Green Curry here is one of the best I've ever had.  I had it both with shrimp and with tofu.  The perfect mixture of spices and ingredients in the curry was amazing and the sauce was just the right thickness.  The heat level on this dish was about a 6 on Thai Grill's scale of 1 to 10 and I think it was perfect for my taste, but I do like it spicy!The Pa Cha was loaded with chicken!  I don't think there was a portion of the plate that was uncovered.  The chicken was tender and juicy, and the sauce in the Pa Cha was very savory with a hint of salt and herbs that sent my taste buds dancing.  This is how Thai food should taste, in my opinion.  This, to me, was a very authentic dish.  I'm glad the new owner of Thai Grill recommended it!  I will be ordering it again.  Oh yeah!I also tried the Kua Kling, a beef dish which is always served spicy.  This is an oilier style Thai dish that is on the salty side, but is full of Thai flavors.  The previous owners did this dish a bit better, in my opinion.  This time it had an overpowering lemongrass flavor and the bits of lemongrass were visible throughout the dish.  If they toned down the lemongrass a bit it would be a lot better.  It was also not a spicy as I remember it.  Even so, it wasn't bad at all.  Just not what I'm used to.I have never had a bad Thai dish here.  The atmosphere is cozy and elegant and the staff is professional and attentive.  I recommend Thai Grill to all Thai lovers!
5	Hosted a UYE here last night and it was fun catching up and tasting different dishes with some of the finest people in town. The BF and I personally ordered:Red curry tofu ($7.99): it's not my favorite red, but it's a good one with catfish or shrimp and made spicy. With tofu it was just okay. The one thing that made me really confused is that this time the tofu was square and fried like most restaurants do it. The last time the BF and I came in a few weeks ago, we ordered a Green Curry Tofu and the tofu was round, lightly crisp outside and dense, soft and silky tofu inside..and someone else had green curry tofu tonight and it was the same type of tofu. I took a picture of both to compare what I mean. In our opinion the round, soft tofu was a world better...I will go on a limb and say it was AMAZING, actually if you are a lover of silken tofu. Tofu looked like this a few weeks ago: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0ueq5zB3NqLbh93KYYNIHQ?select=1O0tAUlLyuRNw7bq_flSrATofu last night: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0ueq5zB3NqLbh93KYYNIHQ?select=zfIgKaBlZEFD49qP9BdJFQI really wanted Tom Kanoon($8.99)  which is "baby Jack Fruit shredded mixed with special northern Thai curry paste, kaffir leaves and dried chili". It's pretty good, but it's one of those textures/foods that might be acquired for some since it's a meaty kind of fruit. The spices though weren't what I was expecting, but good...very fragrant and robust. I love garlic and there's a lot of crispy garlic on top so for those who aren't garlic lovin like me you might want to omit some of it. This would be a good dish for a adventurous Vegan. With some friendly people around me I got to sample bites of different dishes. I really was surprised at the Duck curry flavor- I did not expect pineapple to be a good addition to curry but it was balanced nicely. Must have next time. I loved the sauce in someones Pa Cha and Kua Kling. I appreciate the person who tried to Jungle Curry as it's interesting but the earthiness is not for a lot of people. Service was a bit slow, but totally understandable cooking for that many people at once. Once the orders were fired though, they started to roll out pretty quickly.  We have good company though so I don't mind a little bit of a wait when good conversation is there. Thank you Natta, Wayne and the staff for the hospitality and food.
4	Holy Thai-joles! I went here on a Sunday around 7:30. The place was empty other than the 20 Yelpers all gathered around one table. Everyone ordered various drinks, but most people opted for the Thai coffee or tea. I had Thai tea and it was great. I would say it most closely resembled an iced chai tea latte from Starbucks, but even better and doesn't cost an arm and a leg. For apps and entrees we all ordered and shared.  The best app was by far the beef jerky. Unlike typical beef jerky, these pieces of meat were cooked, but not not dried to a crisp and marinated in what tasted like teriyaki.I would say the best entree I tasted was a spicy shrimp pad thai dish. Great flavor and spice. What is great about each order is that you can pick how spicy you want it. They give you a 1 to 10 scale.I wanted to be daring and show off how much I enjoyed Thai cuisine so I ordered the Jungle Curry. While some people may have enjoyed it, I thought it tasted too earthy. Other than my own bad decision, I really enjoyed the food and the company.
5	OMG! I wish they were closer to my house.  I was randomly in North Las Vegas going to this awesome and affordable printing company called Reliable and found these guys on the way.I had the Chicken Larb Northeastern Thai style.  The best I have ever had in my life.  I got a spicy number 5 and it was delicious and cheap.This thai place is in a ghetto complex and whatever interior.  But, for good food I don't care what it looks like.  I love thai foodand I love spending money on food that makes me happy.Please go check this place out it is so delicious.  Don't get orange chickendon't get americanized food and say it was ok.  Get the real thai food andthen write a review.  The panang is so authentic and they make their own pad thai sauce.  YES!!!!
4	My first try using yelp. We where at North Las Vegas, and saw this restaurant on yelp. We gave it a try. I'm not a fan of spicy food, but the owner makes you choose your spiciness (on a scale from 1 to 10) first time I took the duck curry, it was delicious, the size of the meals are enirmous! (especially for the price you pay) The second time I got the Bamboo Spooce salad, which I didn't like, but it was the first time I tried bamboo, so it's just probably my taste. Oh, and the owner gives 10% if you check-in!
5	I love Thai food but this was maybe the second Thai restaurant I have ever been to.  Thai grill was like a culinary journey to Thailand and definitely exceeded my expectations. I ordered the Thai Ice Tea not knowing what it was and it turned out to be sweet and bitter, like black ice tea mixed with coffee creamer, really interesting and really good. We ordered the Golden Bags as appetizer and they came with a sweet & sour sauce and darker soy like sauce. The spicy chili peppers to the side and I even wanted to bite off my fingers. Then, I ordered the red curry chicken and my husband ordered the shrimp spicy basil. They all come with a side of rice bowl. They both tasted very good. It was the first time I tried red curry and it took me 2 bites to get used to the taste but it tasted different and I really enjoyed eating it. The spicy basil wasn't too exotic and the taste wasn't too crazy either. Nonetheless, both dishes were good spiced and tasted fresh. To round things up we ordered desert, I cannot remember the name but it was like a warm crispy pancake with condensed milk on top. It tasted sweet and simply delicious. I cannot wait to go back to this place and try some of their more exotic menu items.
4	I've had this place bookmarked for a while. I think it was Dan T's former favorite Thai place. Thanks to Jade W's UYE, I finally got to try it out with a large group of Yelpers. I'm glad because it's certainly not in my part of town.So what's the verdict? It was good, but I didn't find any compelling reason to drive back there. The one dish that stood out was the Green Curry. I'm not sure why, but it had a unique flavor and was absolutely delicious. That is the reason I'm handing out four stars.Like I said, the rest of the food was good too. We all ordered individually, but I got to try pretty much everyone's dishes. My go-to dish, Panang Curry, had good flavor. I still prefer Archi's, of course.For such a large group, the owners did well in serving us. The food came out staggered, which is understandable. Overall, we had a great time and Thai Grill gets my seal of approval.
5	After reading the reviews on yelp, my sister & I decided to take my father here for his birthday.  The owner welcomed our party of 6 adults & 5 children in. He was really friendly. The place looked nice & clean inside w/ a huge menu selection. We started off w/  the Thai Grill's Platter & Crying Tiger.  It was so good! Then the chicken satays,  fried rice, eggplant, pad thai, crab omelette & papaya salad & drunken noodle. We also ordered the Tillapia w/ Thai herb, but I think they forgot it. Which was okay because by the time we were wondering what happened to it, everyone was so full. I thought everything tasted so good. The only complaint was from my sister because when she ordered the papaya salad she asked for a level 2 on spice because she didn't want it too spicy since she was pregnant & sensitive to the heat but it seemed like it was a level 6. I liked it. When they brought it, it was a hill of papya salad. My boyfriend & ended up finishing it because everyone else at our party thought it was too spicy.  Next time she said she'll order a level 1.I like how they have yogurt smoothies & you can't go wrong w/ Thai tea. They were delicious! So bomb!To top the night, we had mango w/ sticky rice, fried bananas & roti w/ condensed milk w/ avocado ice cream for dessert. Yummy! We all left full & happy.It was so good, I ended up coming back the next day for lunch. I ordered the tom-ka w/ tofu & my sister had a lunch special w/ green curry. My sister really loved her lunch. I thought my tom-ka was good but not my favorite. I thought it lacked something. Although it did have a lot of tofu in it.  I also liked the texture of the tofu. It was fried, but inside was soft. I'm might even go there tomorrow just because the have such a huge menu & I'm curious to see how there other stuff is.
2	The duck curry is tasty and the pineapple is definitely an interesting element, however we faced many frustrations when dealing with this establishment; from unspecified charges to the take-out containers literally splitting in my hands and spilling saucy mess everywhere... There were many ingredients that seemed out of place in the curry and led me to believe they'd tossed a frozen bag of stir-fry mix into the pot rather than utilizing fresh vegetables. The texture of the shrimp used in their soup was completely off, like they'd been handled wrong (overcooked, refrozen, something). While the flavors were interesting, the irritations involved with obtaining the food and the distance will prohibit us from returning.
4	I do like the food here, but after a few recent visits I am taking down a star. I think the owners are nice and the male server (who I think is the manager) is very talkative and friendly, but one of their servers isn't equal to the rest of the people who make for a good experience. We've had this one older lady with a K name ( I can't remember what the receipt said exactly but I think it said Kae) several times and I hate to call out people, but they've been rude, forget orders/wrong orders (once when it was just the BF and I, during the UYE she gave us a curry no one ordered and a few peoples things came out with the wrong types of meat, and most recently with the family, we didn't get one of our orders at all), doesnt really check up on people. Last weekend we brought my mom and grandma in law. Apparently my mom in law signed and left the "customer copy" receipt instead of the one that says "merchant". It really doesn't matter on records but receipts print that out to minus confusion. She went to the parking lot to catch us and was yelling over and over "I need this copy. You gave me the wrong copy. Where is it?" and even when we were digging through my mom in laws purse she kept on and so my mom in law went back inside. Mom came back out irritated. Said she continued to repeat herself over and over and was making her feel like she did something terrible by the tone of her voice when it's just a piece of paper. Its not like we tried to do something bad to her and she kept on even when mom was looking for where she put the receipt. I would come back for certain foods, but I'll try to come when the friendly manager guy is in. The inlaws don't want to come back with us though and want us to only take them to Pan Asian.
4	After having an unpleasant experience at Thai Grill involving a waiter, the owner contacted me to apologize and ask that we give his restaurant another chance.Boy am I glad we did!We decided to re-visit the restaurant for lunch  today, without alerting the owner we would be stopping in.On this outing the service was prompt, cheerful, and the food  was very good!The fresh spring rolls were cool and crunchy. They were filled was the usual suspects along with tasty pieces of fried tofu, and chilled chicken.The Basil Chicken was a delicious mix of spices and minced chicken.The Green chicken curry was excellent. Made with homemade curry and filled with a great selections of vegetables.Both lunch specials were served with a tasty vegetable soup, full of squash and cabbage.I am very glad to have found a quality Thai restaurant in my area, hopefully my previous experience was just a fluke.
3	Deja Vu. I remember coming to this place 20 years ago, before we moved to Vegas, when a friend of my parents invited us to see his Chinese restaurant. Flash forward to the current occupant, Thai Grill. After meeting Judd L @ Big Wong, we asked him for his opinion on his favorite Thai place and he recommend that we try Thai Grill. Keep in mind our all-time local favorite is Pin-Kaow and Archi's. To make a simple comparison when trying out a new Thai place, we always order the following: 1) Beef Namtok salad 2) Yellow or Green Curry dish 3) Pad Thai We arrived @ 10:58 (sign reads open @ 11) in the morning to find the place closed and at 11 am, two young men opened the restaurant and told us that the chef has not yet arrived. Not a good sign. You need to open a restaurant early to turn your equipment on and prep for the day. We placed our order for the three items as listed above and requested that everything arrive at the same time. I remember reading Dan P's review to request to not make it "Americanized" and the waiter told me they only make it one way, the "Thai way." Ok. It took a while for the items to start coming out (lack of coming early to prep). The items came in the following order: 1) Curry, 2) Beef Namtok salad about 5 min after the curry, and, 3) Pad Thai dish came about 9-10 min after the salad. Not really acceptable since we were the first patrons there. Everything ordered at a spice level of "5." Yellow Curry w/Tofu-Our favorite dish. The curry sauce was very smooth and flavorful and the fried tofu chunks were a little chewy outside and tender inside. Delicious and one of the best in Vegas. An improvement would be to add a little more potatoes and oninons (not really expensive items) to bulk up the dish.Beef Namtok salad-Plenty of beef here and not enough cabbage. We asked Wayne, the owner, for more cabbage and happily given us more. The flavorful beef was cooked a bit well and not the normal medium I am accustomed to so it was a little bit tough. Next time I'll request medium. Pad Thai w/Pork-We were already almost full from eating the first two dishes and it is too bad that this last item came 10 min later (15 min after the 1st dish). The Pad Thai is sweeter than what I am accustomed to. Judd happened to call me back after I texted him and he said that the sweetness is authentic Thai. Who am I to argue? I just know what I like from eating this dish at many different places over two decades. So this is subjective on my part.Remember the chef came late? That came to bite back because the rice wasn't fresh but a rather soggy reconstituted leftover rice. Also, since there were two of us, they only brought us one small bowl of rice. Now, we like to eat our curry with rice and why would you only bring the two of us one small bowl instead of two? I really wanted to stretch and give Thai Grill a solid 4-Stars. But, the issue with coming in late, not cooking the rice fresh for the day, only giving us a single bowl of rice to share (they did bring more as we asked), and items coming out slowly, I have to resort to 3-Stars. Perhaps this is an isolated incident due to some unforeseen circumstance causing the owners to come in late. Till then, I'll reserve the higher updated rating on a future return trip.
3	My wife and I stumbled across Thai Grill a few weeks ago while driving through this side of town. We decided to give it a try. We ordered the Cornish hen in curry sauce and the coconut seafood. Both were pretty good though not particularly memorable. I'd go back if I was in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
4	I came here on a Friday night with a restaurants.com coupon. Just a side note on the coupon it will say you have to spend $35.00 but on a Friday night they want you to spend $40.00. My husband wanted to get up and leave because of it . I just gave him a look like we didn't drive all the way here just to go back over $5.00! The money we were spending was like free money anyways because we won a little bit gambling . We'd rather put the winnings in our belly rather than back in the machine. I'm glad we stayed because the food was terrific! We started off with the Thai Beef Jerky. I've only tried this once before at Ocha on Las Vegas Blvd and I can say the Jerky here was more tender. We had the Thai Beef salad which was equal to all of the other places in town we have tried. The Pineapple Fried rice was good but I still prefer Archi's. We also had the Pad Thai which was good and they give HUGE portions! We ended with the fried bananas that I didn't want to order. When I was a child that was my mom's idea of dessert and I just go tired of it. I was surprised when I actually liked it . The combination of the fried bananas and vanilla ice cream was awesome! It was worth the couple of miles of drive time to get here the food was fresh and tasty!
4	This was the craving of the week!! definitely hit the spot for me plus when you check in you get an automatic 10% off that you can use and they love givivng the discount!! All in all the food was great and the service was fast!
4	Review couple months over due,  We had the pad see ew , pad prik pork , eggplant tofu and the beef panang.   We are pad thai people but because of the reviews praising the pad see ew, we had to try it and I'm glad we did, it was very good.           The pad prik pork was nicely flavored and the green beans still had a little crunch which i enjoy.               The eggplant tofu was very good , the eggplant was cooked perfectly not too mushy which I hate.           Beef panang was a pretty solid rendition , sauce not to thick or too runny ,but just the way I like my thai curries.            If this restaurant was in the hood , I would be here more often.
4	The place looks a bit hood.  Be prepared.  Service was okay.  I was on a date, so it was kind of nice that the server wasn't on my jock strap, so that's fine.  I didn't want the server to feel like a third wheel, I guess.  We had a restaurant.com coupon and the server mentioned that they generally request that patrons spend $40 on Friday/Sat nights when using the coupon.  Coupon says $35.  Who cares, but initial impression makes it seem kind of tacky.  It's not like the place was remotely packed.The food, though... oh, the food...Soup was delicious.  I can't even remember the name of it.  Doesn't matter.  Oh lordy.  I start salivating just thinking about it.  Good broth, veggies, nice and light.  We had a few entrees just to try everything out.  The beef panang exploded with flavor.  The yellow curry with shrimp wasn't too spicy or overpowering.  It's almost like the cook knew we were new to Thai food.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  Even the rice was nice and fluffy, yet sticky enough to grab a chunk with a fork.  We took home a few boxes to eat for the next couple days.  It was definately worth a trip back.
3	Thai Grill is located at the outside corner of the Food 4 Less parking lot. Yeah, the area is a little "hood" but Thai Grill itself is anything but.The restaurant itself is clean, dim, and quiet. It's much nicer inside than I would expect from a restaurant that shares a parking lot with Food 4 Less.I got my order to-go and used the "$7 for $10" Yelp coupon. The cashier seemed a little confused about whether the coupon was worth $7 or $10, but she ended up taking my word for it that it was worth $10. *sigh* She was really sweet about it, so I just assume she must have been new. I placed my order for the Cashew entree with all veggies and the Fresh Ginger entree with tofu, both at about an 8 or 9 for spiciness. The cashier said it'd be about ten minutes. The food came out when she promised, and both entrees included a serving of steamed rice (it didn't specify that on the menu).  Both entrees were full of flavor but they weren't as spicy as I would have expected. I know the spicy-scale is relative to the restaurant and that a 9 at one restaurant might be a 6 at another. But really-- my food was probably more like a 7 to someone who hates spicy food, and like a 4 to someone who loves spicy food. It tasted like it was toned down a lot... or maybe the cook just didn't think I was being serious when I said 8 or 9.Also, both entrees were super oily! I've never experienced this at any Thai restaurant I've ever been to so I don't know if this was a one time thing, or if this is normal at Thai Grill... but I was literally wiping my mouth with a napkin after each bite because the oil was so thick that it was coating my lips! I wasn't exactly thrilled about the oily food, but the food was pretty tasty so I'm willing to go back and try it again just in case it was an isolated incident.
4	what a surprise this place is! dont be scared of the area. this place is worth it. everything is good here. check for offers.
4	Surprised by how nice the restaurant is considering the area which was a very nice surprise. The food was really good and the waiter was very nice and helpful. I definitely enjoyed the pineapple fried rice.
4	My favorite thai restaurant in LV.Like many restaurants in this neighborhood.......... komex, pepe's, sunshine cafe, I amazed at their presence here. Why would so many spectacular eateries set up in the somewhat defunct strip malls of this 89108 zip code?This strip mall in particular is a little scary at night.But so what? If you are worthy, brave the parking lot and enter the sanctuary that is this amazing thai restarant in the barrio.                It's actually really nice inside.They have a lot of regional thai food I am not super familiar with, but their noodles, curries, and appetizers are as good as it gets.I am not shy around spicy food, anything higher than a 8/10 you order will melt your face.
4	This was an after thought, decided we were hungry and it was getting late, so we stopped in and decided to try it.   We had the Pad See Ew with shrimp, it was good.  Next we had the  Nam Prik Ong with ground pork and tomatoes cooked to perfection with homemade curry paste. Served with vegetables.  This was really good.  We added the eggplant with tofu, served you way, we got spicy, basil, sweat peppers, and chili.  We also go the Beef panang, which we loved.  All of our selections were perfectly spiced.  The menu also offers other regions of Thailand and the menu for these items, looked good as well.  We'll be back for sure.
3	It had been awhile since I originally visited them, and I learned that they changed ownership over a year ago. Under previous management, they used to offer a very tasty Massaman curry which sadly is no longer available. However, their Moo-Tod (garlic and pepper fried pork) is perhaps the best dish on their menu and should not be missed. Their spicy catfish filet was outstanding the first time I had it, and I normally don't even like catfish. Unfortunately, the second time was not nearly as good. The catfish lacked the crisp exterior it had last time and was kind of mushy. As for their other dishes, the pad thai was decent, but the pad see ew was missing the right amount of caramelization. The spicy eggplant dish needed more of its namesake and less "filler". Service is generally very personable although they inadvertently left out the 3 dipping sauces for my last take-out order of Moo-Tod. Once they address some issues with inconsistency and service, they have the potential to be 4-star material.
4	Super delicious fresh spring rolls!
5	The food here is really good but what I like the most is the authentic Thai atmosphere that you dont get at Archie's (My other Favorite Thai restaurant).They have a pictures of the royal family in Thailand... Nuff Said!!!
4	Rollin' up to this place I was super sketched out. This place is located in a bad area and I didn't have much hope for their food. I'm glad to be proved wrong.My buddy and I ordered the Pad Sew Eew (chicken - level 4 spicy), Yellow Curry (beef - level 7 spicy), and the Fried Rice (add egg and tomato). The Pad Sew Eew was average at best; bland, not much flavor in the chicken, and extremely dry. The Yellow Curry was probably the best Thai curry I've ever had in my life. Potatoes were cooked super perfect, nice full savory flavor, the beef was nice and tender, and the spice was not overpowering at all. The fried rice was up there in the top 10 I've had ever.The price was pretty standard for Thai dinner cuisine. Pro Tip: check-in before your visit and you can get 10% off your dinner bill.When I'm in Vegas again, I'll definitely be hitting Thai Grill for some yummy Yellow Curry.
4	Wow! Be prepared to eat cuz the portions are BIG! Bring a lot of friends or you'll have lots of leftovers :-) a nice mom and pops place which is the best!!!
3	Over all the food was pretty good, especially the chicken panang.  The scrimp in the scrimp fried rice was really bad, had to throw it out Delivery and service good.
4	Do not let the exterior fool you. This place in not about how nice the outside is, it's about how good the food inside is. Food is great and there is lot's of it. Great variety. Friendly servers. Kitchen slow to get food out to you, but it is well worth the wait. Drunken Noodle and Duck soup ...off the hook.
5	Seriously the best Thai Food in Vegas, BY FAR!!This place is located in a sketchy strip mall in a crappy part of town, but don't let that fool you because the food is divine! The menu is set up so that you can choose food from the different distinct regions of Thailand. The owner is very knowledgable, and always happy to give reccomendations. The portions are gigantic, with three entrees being more than enough to feed 5 - 6 people. Our favortie dishes are the chicken Larb, Pad See Eew, Papaya Salad, and Pad Prik King. And while they don't sell beer or wine, they are more than happy to allow you to bring your own wine in! they give you glasses and a corkscrew and don't even charge a corkage fee. Gotta love Thai Grill!!
4	Don't be disenchanted by the general location.....not a great one.  But the food is worth the stop, especially if you just happen to be in this area and are hungry.  My cashew chicken was great!  Light sauce, lots of chicken and not overwhelmed with rice.  I had enough to take home a full size portion for the next day.  Afterwards, our group of 7 went next door for a few drinks and a couple games of pool, that was fun too.
2	Looking at all the wonderful reviews, I really don't want to give this place two stars, but it really wasn't better than two stars. My love and I went in for theirTom Yum Noodle: The Tom Yum broth was really delicious. However, on the menu, it is described with having BBQ pork, ground pork, fish balls, etc. The noodle came out with only ground pork. I told the server that there should be some BBQ pork in it without listing all the other things it was missing. He told me he would ask the chef. He came back out saying that "The Tom Yum noodle hasn't been as popular, so the chef took some of the ingredients out." Uh... we don't send food back, so we enjoyed this dish which lacked three of the things listed. We also tried theirThai BBQ Chicken and Sticky Rice: When in a steak house, order a steak. When in a place called Thai Grill, I figured I'd order barbecue, right? Oh, how I wish I could have taken that back and ordered something else. The chicken was moist, but the sauce was overly salty. I have an inkling that they didn't taste their food before sending it out. It was so salty that I only ate the chicken inside the skin. The sticky rice texture was perfect. The rice still has all the mineral flavors, although this also means it wasn't washed. I normally don't rate after one visit, but both dishes were a fail and the server didn't really know the ingredients that should be in the food. We were expected to like our tom yum even without three of the other ingredients listed in it. I don't think I'll be back to try this place. There is so much more that is good out there that I wouldn't want to take another risk. I would like to add as a benefit of the doubt that perhaps their menu was just too large, so they probably have some really great dishes that are ordered all the time. However, we didn't taste any. Thai Grill... Sigh Grill...
1	Just horrible.  Everything tasted like old fish.  Soggy.  Just bad.  We ordered for delivery and got the pad se ew with chicken, spicy basil, cashew chicken and fried wonton - nothing with seafood, but we all agreed that everything smelled and tasted like bad fish.  We threw it away and got in and out burger.
5	Thai Grill reminds me of the Thai eateries in Hollywood - it's just as authentic!  We go there every other week just to try out the specialties.  My boyfriend's favorite is the Chu Chee curry which is thick and flavorful especially when paired with the fried catfish.  The coconut seafood curry served in a coconut shell is creamy and tasty - it's makes up for the hour in the gym tomorrow.  The best thing is that they get the spice gradient right - it's never too bland or over spiced.
1	Epic. Food. Fail = Zero stars.I came here after checking Yelp and seeing friends sing the praises of Thai Grill. I went in excited, hungry, and so happy to find a well-received place not horribly far from where I work. The bar was set high, sure, but not unreasonably so.I ordered the shrimp and veggie tempura to nosh on while I waited for my friend to show up. She was driving an even longer distance, but I was too hungry to wait! I had a shrimp that seemed too soft and a couple small pieces of zucchini. (A) This was NOT tempura batter; there were two styles of batter/breading on the plate. (B) The batter was so thick that there were wet pockets of uncooked batter on the insides. (C) Some of the pieces looked like they had been re-fried at some point.When M showed up she asked me what the hell I was eating and I explained that I was sending it back with the above explanation. The waitress was nice enough to listen to me and replace it with some Thai dumplings. Too large, dry, and with a wrapper that was soggy and falling apart, they *did* have an OK flavor. But it was just OK.The thom kha soup was decent. Not my favorite, but edible. They love their fish sauce here, the flavors are way too obvious. Other than that and my personal preference that it be a tad creamier, it was the spice level I wanted and generally OK. Definitely the highlight, and that's not saying much today.The shrimp panang damn near killed me, and not in a good way. I took some of just the curry, then with some vegetables... so far, I kinda liked it. A little bland, but I figured I could spice it up a bit. Then I had a shrimp. Even as I bit into it I knew it was going to be a problem. The shrimp was barely cooked: take all the sauce off of it and it was still grey, translucent, and in need of more time in the kitchen.We pointed that out and ended the meal. Thankfully I had allergy meds in the car; I had a few decent bites of the curry in which the shrimp was cooked, then the shrimp itself... and I questioned the tempura, too. Bad juju and a bad reaction.The cook apparently said this was her specialty; this is how she always does it. Nothing about the response indicated a bad day or an off dish or an off ingredient.The waitress was nice enough, but that was the best thing about the whole experience. The service was slooooooooooow (2 hours for lunch?) and at one point I had to offer to come to her to get her help. We had to ask for water refills. Then, after the meal is over and we're sorting out the semi-OK parts... we are informed that they can only take cash today (of which neither of us had any on us) because their system was broken. When we said we only had cards with us, she wanted to take a card and run it on a system in the back (no receipts, mind you, and what system would this be?!) and we could come back and sign for it later?I said I wasn't comfortable with that arrangement and wondered why no one said anything during the two hours we were there? That, and given the failure of the whole experience, found us suggesting that this meal be taken care of.Not just no, but hell no. It was my first and last time there. Disappointed doesn't begin to cover it.
5	The menu here is extensive and everything is made fresh. I have not found anything here yet that was not amazing. The portion sizes are large, so bring a big appetite. You definitely need to try to fresh, hand-rolled spring rolls. The owners are very friendly and will always greet you.
4	This is a great little secret hidden away in small shopping center.  We've been a few times and it's usually not very busy, I cannot figure it out because the food is delicious.  I love a good eggplant and we had eggplant tofu, we get all our dishes about a five for spice and this was perfect.  Nice big pieces of eggplant and wasn't mushy.We had pad see ew and pad prik pork.  Both dishes again cooked just spicy enough, I loved them both!  And finally our last dish was the beef panang.  This was solid with great flavor, curries can be too rich or sometimes runny, but this was perfect.  I know it seems like a lot of food, but with husband, this is pretty typical.  They are open until 10pm, the place is clean and service is great, the food is great.
4	"TO GO" REVIEW ONLYThe food here is superb & very authentic.  The Pad Thai (beef), Pad See Ew (beef), Yellow Curry, and House fried rice were all excellent, all solid 7.5/10 easily.  Coming from LA where there are lots of Thai restaurants, this place is easily top 5 Thai restaurants I've experienced.  Unfortunately the prices are little expensive at $10 a plate.    Also the server declined our 10% discount when we showed him our check in (he said it doesn't work for to-go orders).  I felt like he was too lazy to process our order.
2	I had the yellow curry, tom ka soup, and spring roll.  The spring roll was awesome, and the sauces are delicious (well, the peanut sauce was kind of bland with an unpleasant under-taste). The tom ka soup was not too bad but it was a bit "heavy". I have been spoiled in the past by tom ka soup that was light in body, possessed a distinct undertone of lemongrass, and contained soft, flavorful chicken pieces. Compared to that, this soup was, the less refined cousin or something.  Something a novice might prepare.On to the main meal: yellow curry. Did not like it. I don't know if it was overly salted or what, but I just did not enjoy the flavor at all. I'm not sure how to describe it- maybe I'm unfairly comparing it to mussaman from better Thai restaurants. This restaurant doesn't offer mussaman per se, but the yellow curry is the closest. I won't be ordering it again.I have to add that the rice was MUSHY and TASTELESS. It was in no way the basmati rice they advertise. Maybe they ran out and substituted cheap short grain rice from God-knows-where but it was horrid.  If I wanted rice like this, I could have ruined a batch in my own kitchen. I can't remember the last time I wrote such a Debbie-downer review, particularly for a restaurant this highly rated by other Yelpers.  Ay yay yay. I have a headache from that yellow curry.
5	After frequenting this place many times I've decided to up my rating from a 4 to 5 due to the consistency of what I feel is great service and really awesome Thai food. Personally I really dig their fried rice and curry. Their menu is huge and so far I've been very happy with everything I've tried so that's a nice testament to the places quality. I'd also like to throw some love to the two beautiful hostess that have always been so sweet and accommodating when I've visited as well. They've always made the visit so pleasant every-time for me.
5	Crab Rangoon, Red Curry and Spicy Basil Rice are bomb!!  Make sure you get it spicy, that's where all the flavor comes from!
3	Dropped by during lunch after looking up potential spots to get some lunch.  Thai Grill was the first one that caught my attention in the list of restaurants, so I decided to make a slight detour and venture out to this part of Las Vegas.I arrived around 1:30pm, well within their lunch special promo period, and there was just a pair of dinners finishing up their lunch specials and an appetizer. The restaurant which looks small on the outside but rather large once you enter and round the corner to get a better look of their interior.  I wouldn't be surprise if some wizards or witches placed the Undetectable Extension Charm on this place.After scanning their lunch special menu and consulting the reviews on Yelp, I opted to get their Duck Curry from the regular menu.  The food was prepared quickly and brought out by the waitress/cashier, along with a bowl of rice.The Duck Curry was good. I liked the curry flavor and thought it was good, but I didn't care too much for the canned pineapple chunks that was used in its preparation.  There were plenty of duck pieces in this dish, and those tasted great (like it was cooked separately then added to the curry near the end of the preparation).  The only major disappointment was the soggy rice that was served.As far as Thai food goes, it is not in the top half ranking of the local Thai restaurants that I have tried.  But I will give it a try in the future if I am in the area or if there is another UYE, where I can get to try more of their menu items.Ambiance 3/5:  A lot of Thai decorations in this relatively large restaurant, but the TV on the wall with the analysis of the up coming NFL season and their predictions (which i didn't mind) did not contribute to the Thai ambiance.Food  3/5:  It was A-OK.  Which means it was decent, but I was not blown away by it and already planning a return visit for dinner or another meal within the next few days.Service:  4/5  The waitress checkd up on me and refilled my water without having to be asked.Price/Value:  3/5:  Reasonably priced, and very much in line with other Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.Location:  Located in the NW part of town, not too far if you work or live near the North Las Vegas Airport.3 stars.  Hopefully I can like it more after future visits, but for now, just A-OK.
4	This is a questionable section of town...   BUT so worth stopping in.  The food is amazing.  The menu has both traditional and more exotic Thai dishes.  This was the first place I ever tried Spicy Catfish and it is beyond amazing.  A little crisp from the fry, but not overly breaded, and the fish inside is heaven.  Like flakey buttery goodness.  I have been here now three times and each time I add additional items, but never stray from the catfish.  Give it go you will not regret it at all!!!!
4	We live in North Las Vegas near Nellis AFB and it cost $9 for the delivery charge and there was a minimum order of $30 so we ended up getting quite a bit of food. Yellow chicken curry spice level 8 - this was VERY good however it was sooooo spicy and I still don't know what I was thinking by ordering an 8. It came with a side of white rice and it was delish. Next time I will order it with a spice level of 3 or 4.Beef fried rice - my husband ate this and loved it. Huge, huge portion by the way.Chicken pad thai spice level 8 - this was also very good. I loved it but it was also a little to spicy for me. Next time I would order this at a 5. The 8 level was still really yummy though.Chicken satay - I have never had chicken satay before so all I can say is that I'm not the biggest fan but the type of chicken they used was really good...no gristle or fat or anything. I wouldn't order this again because I just didn't care for it too much. All the portions were huge and it was overall very good. The price is a little steep for us for delivery. Our total was about $50 for the 4 items plus delivery. I guess it's really not too bad. We will have leftovers for days!
5	I have never tried Thai any place but here.  Every time I have a great meal.
4	I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised when I dropped in here. I just moved to this part of town from Summerlin and had not finished unpacking yet. I decided to try to find something decent in the area to eat. Thanks for the help Yelp!So I walk into the restaurant on a Monday night and it is pretty dead. I decide to take a look at the menu for some take out. The girl at the front was pleasant.I ordered the Raw Salmon or Raw Shrimp in Spicy Fish Sauce (#94). The girl at the front checked with the chef and mentioned the salmon was not fresh, but the shrimp was. So I ended up getting the shrimp though I was more looking forward to salmon. Anyway, she then asked how spicy I wanted it from 1-10. Being used to most of the other Thai restaurants in the area I knew even a 10 would be weak sauce. Boy was I happily wrong. The dish was probably around a 9 on the spicy scale for me, and I loved it!As for the actual flavors of the dish, they went together beautifully. Raw shrimp, with large chunks of garlic, lime, and mint with a healthy dose of minced chilies was heavenly. I definitely felt the pain by the end of the meal which was actually quite large. Bigger than I was expecting.I'll definitely give this place another try, especially because I saw a sign that says they deliver!
5	Thank you for a GREAT dinner!  We have lived here for 3 months, coming from Seattle we where used to finding good Thai food a rather simple task.  I was starting to lose hope....we will be back.  Those crab rangoons are magnificent not even I can stuff that much in them! :))) The restaurant was totally empty (i had ordered take out) but the gentlemen that walked in behind me was a regular and said he orders all his food here! Soooo go give them some business!  I went to Lotus of Siam over the weekend and was soooo disappointed I was determined to find some good Thai food! So I did my research online, check out there website! Spiciness was perfect!  I was used to ordering by stars 1-4 which I usually get 3 stars so I ordered a 7 on there 1-10 level and it was perfect.  We tried the crab rangoons (duh), ginger chicken phad thai, and red curry (and a side of sticky rice for my daughter).  NO complaints.....
5	Can't say enough good things about this place! The owners (I assume they were the owners at least) we're so helpful with explaining the menu. Speaking of the menu, it had a great number of selections and definitely some new things we hadn't noticed at other Thai places.The food was fresh and had really great flavors. They give a good sized portion, I had leftovers for lunch the next day! The restaurant was really clean and kept up well. It had a quiet relaxed atmosphere. The prices are pretty general for Thai food. It's definitely on our favorites list!
2	I ordered the basil fried rice.  When I got home and opened it It was just regular  fried rice. I  took a look at the menu again just to be sure and  it did say that the basil fried rice only had  basil, onions, and chili.  My rice had tons of carrots, onions, broccoli and no basil.  I called to complain and the guy told me his wife says she put basil in it.  I mentioned that on the menu it doesnt say any of the vegetables came in it and I didnt want it. He pretty much waited me out with silence on that and I just hung up out of frustration.  The crab puffs had so much flling that they were just soggy wontons with stuffing overflowing from them.  I never thought Id be able to say that a crab pull had to much filling but they did.  I also ordered this as delivery but decided to pick it up because it was a two hour wait.  I was disappointed to see that they left the tip I was planning to give to the driver on my bill.  I didnt notice till later that night.  All in all it was a horrible experience.  I only give this place two stars because they do have very large shrimp and they were not greedy with them.  My husband thought they were okay.  Eat at your rown risk.
4	Hidden in a little strip mall off of Decatur and Lake Mead is this little gem called Thai Grill.  May not look like much on the outside, but inside....boy oh boy can you smell some good Thai eats going on.  Coconut.  Mint.  Basil.  Lovely.  My wife took me here one night for dinner because her work office nearby often calls in for lunch take-out.  She told me the folks in their office like it here.Nice atmosphere, very cozy.  Not too busy on a Friday night, granted it is in a less then affluent part of town, but the hostess was very hospitable.  Ok fine.  This place is in the ghetto...."In the ghetttoooooo...." but damn this is where some of the best food is.  Best chicken?  F-U KFC.  Ghetto.  Best ribs?  Forget it Famous Dave.  Ghetto.  Best Mexican?  Eh, ese are you lost?  Ghetto.  And I have no problem with that.  As long as you don't try to steal my food.  Then yous going to have a problem.  Yeah, I'll show you Hunger Games! For the life of me, I can't remember what we had for dinner on this night.  But here are a few of my favorites:-Beef Salad ($9.99) - Grilled marinated beef with lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions.  Served with lime juice dressing.-Spicy Basil with chicken ($8.99) - Signature entree, with garlic, fresh chili, onions, and jalapenos.  -Pad Thai with chicken ($8.99) - Rice noodles in home-made pad thai sauce, egg, bean sprouts, and topped with peanuts.All the food?  Excellent.  The beef salad is so good with that dressing, bright and refreshing.  From what I can gather, lime juice, fish sauce, salt and pepper, and some other spices in there make that salad pop.  I like basil so the spicy basil dish was a natural for me.  The savory of the meat with the sweet touch of basil and the kick of the jalapeno, yummy!  And yes, their pad thai is one of the better ones I've had in Las Vegas.  Great when it's hot out of the kitchen!The menu at Thai Grill is pretty extensive, there's so many things on it that I haven't tried yet.  Besides Thai appetizers, soups, and salads, there's a diverse entree menu.  So many dishes: noodles, rice, seafood, curries, house specialties, just way too many to list.  They even have a section of the menu that's dedication to food from different regions of Thailand, a very nice touch.  I hope to eventually try more of these!And of course for those of you on a budget or wanting a culinary sample of Thai food, you can always go for Thai Grill's lunch special from 11 AM - 3 PM M-F.  There's over a dozen entrees to choose from and each come with Jasmine rice or fried rice and a cup of soup.  I'd go for one of the curries (yes people, please be adventurous every once in a while) or the pad thai or ginger entrees.  Choose chicken, beef, pork, or veggies for only $6.99.  Choose seafood for $7.99.  Super great deal!  Forget your burger combos and your $5 footlongs every payday Friday and go exotic!  Your taste buds with thanky thanky you!If you visit here late at night, please keep your Range Rover, Hermes, Christian Louboutin, and blingy-bling at home!  I will not be responsible for intimitable stare-downs and your impending robbery!  And above all...respect people, respect!  Keep it all good in the Hood.
3	Just finished my takeout order from Thai Grill.   I'd been there one previous time dining in and thanks to my spectacular memory I have no idea what I got that first time.  I do remember enjoying it, and since I'm in the process of trying to visit and review as many Thai restaurants in my best Dan P impersonation I figured it was worth another try.  First thing of note I noticed on the online menu was the option of getting seafood in the lunch specials.  I absolutely love salmon so I decided on trying my usual Basil lunch special, but got it with salmon instead of chicken.  I even asked the gentleman who took my order on the phone if in his opinion that combination would go okay (I wasn't sure if my love of both items separately was clouding my decision.  I love bacon, I love cake, I dont want bacon cake.  Okay maybe I do.  Nevermind).   He said he thought it would work out okay, so I went with it.  I also ordered a "regular iced tea"  I'm including that tidbit for a reason.When I went to pick up the food, it was all neatly packaged for me already.  I always love that, though they did include my "regular iced tea" in the bag, which always throws off my sensibilities of hot vs cold as well as how to carry and place the bag appropriately in my car.   Upon getting to my car I promptly removed the tea from the main bag and was on my way.Back at the office I removed my food and started eating.  Another noteworthy item is the soup from the lunch special was actually included, which is seemingly a rarity from my experience with lunch special take out from other restaurants.  The soup was a very light brothed vegetable soup which I enjoyed.  When opening the Basil dish, it was much different than any I'd ever seen before.   Large chunks of veggies like carrots, bamboo shoots, and cucumber or squash tossed in with the usual ingredients.  There was a decent amount of salmon which had the skin left on which is a plus as far as I'm concerned.  Overall I enjoyed it even though the salmon didn't taste extremely fresh to me.   Even though I did like it, I still think I prefer the "standard" preparation of the dish I'm used to and that I've had at just about every other thai restaurant I've ordered it.  I honestly questioned if I even got what I'd actually ordered, that's how different it was.Now onto the "regular iced tea".   When I removed it from my bag in the car I noticed it was of a different color than I usually expect iced tea.  I figured it might have been some sort of flavored tea, which while I prefer it normal and unsweetened, wouldnt be the end of the world.  Instead, I'm fairly certain it was a thai iced tea, which I'm not a fan of and which actually can potentially cause issues with my lactose intolerance depending on the way its made.   I ended up throwing it out after 2 sips, so clearly I was disappointed in this.In the end, I dont think I would end up at Thai Grill again in the future as I generally like the know what to expect when I order.   Friendly service and nice flavors on the Basil dish bump it up from a 2 star review it would have earned otherwise.
1	In all respects.. this place sucked. I really love thai food and I'm so tired of traveling to horizon and horizon for the best yellow curry. I'm tired of traveling to the slumps of downtown lv for the best tom kha and drunken noodles. It's sad that pei wei has the best crab wontons in town. What does a woman have to do to get good eats.Anyway. I ordered shrimp fried rice with tomatoes.... i guess the tomatoes were shy because i never had the pleasure of meeting nor eating them :( to top that off the rice was too moist like it was fresh rice..everybody knows the best fried rice starts with day old rice. The tom kha was sad no tomatoes or mushrooms.. red onions and dry chicken was on the menu. No wonder they were so generous.... I'm done with this.
1	Oh my goodness, wayne, your killing me. First the inappropriate inbox message now this? Your n the restaurant business. Don't take everything so personal. how can you alone say tom kha doesn't have tomatoes? If so, why have i had it that way everywhere, but your place??? This has become ridiculous, anyway i apologize if your upset that i did not enjoy your food, but thats just how I... Emphasis on I....feel. I would expect you to take my opinion and learn from it, even apologize if you must contact or reply to me, but never in a million yeas would I expect such rudeness. I am borderline scared for my life because of your actions. God bless you Wayne.
5	I absolutely love Thai food! I go to many places. Bought my groupon and came here alone to study after school. the curry was so good. I try so many currys everywhere I go and gotta say this is now my top fav! The only thing I have a complaint about was my white rice. It was too mushy for me:/ but the green curry made up for it!
5	This is the best Thai Food I've ever had! The Spicy Catfish was perfect! Juicy and just enough kick at heat level 7! The Papaya salad perfect! Worth the drive!! The Red Snapper buttery and curry creamy bliss! Mmmm
4	Very nice flavors.  I like their menu and the sections of the different cuisines is interesting.
5	Fantastic Thai place near my own neighborhood (yes, ghetto). And they deliver. I can't believe I waited this long to try Thai Grill. I wanted to order probably 5-6 entrees, but restrained myself to three plus spring rolls.The "Cashew" dish with chicken was particularly tasty and just the right amount of heat (I ordered a 6!) for me. Crisp, fresh vegetables and big chunks of tender, premium white meat chicken. To die for, and would definitely order again!I ordered the Panang curry with shrimp; I found it flavorful and spicy. The shrimp were cooked just right and this tasted great over some steamed rice. I thought it might have been a little salty, and I could have ordered it a bit hotter (I think I did a 5, probably could do 6 or 7 next time). While I enjoyed this meal, I might try a few of the other curries before coming back to this one.One of my favorite dishes, spicy basil rice, was expertly executed and perfectly 'spicy'. I ordered this with beef and thought there could have been more of the meat, but the rice and vegetables were great and this complemented the rest of my dishes quite nicely. Would definitely order this one again, too, maybe with chicken next time. I got this at level 7 and this was good for me.The spring rolls here are HUGE! Greasy and good and filled with deliciousness. My order came with two sauces: one looked like the standard plum sauce and the other was something with garlic (and maybe ginger?) floating in it - this was money!Bottom line, order from here if you are in the area! Or even if you aren't. You'll thank me and all the other 4-5 star reviewers later!
1	Extremely frustrating. I placed an order worth over $100 for delivery. When we received the food, we were missing an entree, I called and spent over 30 minutes with them because they were arguin that it was there, when in fact it wasn't. In the time they wasted on the phone, they could've dropped another one off. They also didn't bother to call and tell us that the lunch option only comes with vegetable soup. Even though online asks you to order from 11 options.Unfortunately, the food was decent, but with the horrible customer service they provided I could never recommend this to a friend! When we asked about the pad Thai chicken having only two small pieces in it they said "we're in recession, chicken is expensive"
2	Food quality has diminished. Need to make a small investment & purchase some new table place mats to replace the worn/ratty ones.
1	Portions are large but it doesn't make up for the poor flavors.  Ordered the fried pork with pepper and garlic: dripping with oil and very fatty portions of pork. Gang hunlae: pork was tender but the flavor was one dimensional. Fish is not fresh and tasted like a wet sock. Veggie dish has nice flavor but the oil saturated my tongues ability to taste anything. The steam rice had a pungent smell of pesticides. Service is average.
3	Just came here for lunch and i have to admit, i was not too impressed. I ordered chicken pad thai and it was really plain. All it was, was noodles with like 4 little pieces of chicken and lettuce on the side. The dish wasn't so bad but it would have 4 or 5 stars if they upped the favor and how much stuff they add to the dish. Besides that, its a pretty nice restaurant with friendly staff
1	Small portion.... High price..
5	I love the food and service! Most of the time I get my food for delivery and they never cease to amaze me with how quick everything come in!
5	There crab Rangoon has a much cream cheese and crab they are wonderful! Everything we have ordered has been superb.
5	Love this place! The food seem very authentic, it doesn't taste like a panda express or some other bull. After reading the reviews people gave I was upset about the point of location being "hood"? You don't know what "hood" is. Yeh its in an urban area but that doesn't make it hood or suspicious. I lived in anthem till my house got broken in to. Enough of my ranting..but this place is my vegas fav
