5	Authentic sushi in Vegas... amazing.  Amazing service. Supermarket-sized parking lot.
5	Went here by accident because we couldn't locate the Japanese Restaurant we were planning on visiting.  Alas! This is one of the best I've been to.  My husband ordered the rib eye and this was excellent and juicy!  I ordered a couple of sushi with lobster and spicy tuna.  Also ordered their plum wine which was awesome!  I'll definitely come here again.
5	The food is very fresh.  The service is great.  The resturant is one of our favorites.  We have been there about once a month.  It's not so easy to find.  Behind some buildings that are on Sahara.  But worth it.  Everyone I take there sayes it could be the best Shushi in America!  I went there because of the good reviews on Yelp and am glad I did.  Had Tuna, Salmon, Eel, California rolls, Halibit, Shrimp, Mushrooms, Soup, Salad and Beet sherbert.  Sake was great has Lots of Beers and so full I had to waddel out....Had seconds on Tuna and Salmon.
4	I grew up here in Las Vegas and this was one of the first Japanese sushi restaurants here in town. As a matter of fact, my sister and I had our  high school graduation dinner here. The food is always great and fresh. One of the best in town. We always get the sushi boat. You can not go wrong with this place. It has been here for years and it will be here even longer.
4	VERY very authentic sushi, and very very delicious! I went here with my love before a night of gamblin on the strip and we were blown away! awesome favs here were the daddy roll, which were these HUGE shrimp prawns, sliced open and stuffed with sushi deep fried and top with a spicy sweet sauce. and the jalapeno roll, which was jalapeno halves, stuffed with sushi and deep fried with a spicy mayo sauce drizzled over the top. my god, this sushi was to die for. the waitress were so sweet! and the booths looked like little rooms, very private. overall this place was awesome, wayyy better than any of those sushi places on the strip with all the razz and glitz.
3	This was a typical Japanese restaurant. I can't say anything against it. They didn't have any wacky items like Ichiza or innovative fusion dishes like Raku. Just typical Japanese home-cooking. The restaurant is nicely divided. There's a large open area of tables in the middle, mostly of four-top tables. Then there's rows of booths kind of concealed behind shoji screens. And then there's tatami rooms. Like five of them maybe. There's a sushi bar that seats maybe seven people. The booth we sat at had padded booth chairs, but then zabuton on top. Kind of funny. The parking lot has ample parking because its located in the Commercial Center and there's nothing really happening in the Commercial Center anymore. The place is non-descript from the outside. But to me, it looks suspect. It looks like an illegitimate Japanese restaurant. I couldn't put my finger on it before, but I figured it out tonight. The signage uses katakana for the word "Tokyo" and not kanji. Plus there's some Korean writing. SUSpect. The place might still be Korean-owned, I don't know, but the menu is dedicatedly Japanese. And there's at least one Japanese person working there. The moon-faced mama-san looks Korean, though. And she was at the sushi bar with some gaijin doing soju bombs. They have sushi, sashimi, rolls, don (bowls), box dinners, etc. We just had a bunch of appetizers. Hamachi kama, hamachi and sake sashimi, steamed clams, and deep-fried soft shell crab. Everything was good. The hamachi kama was exceptional, but the steamed clams were horrible. They were tiny, looked like they been dissected, and the sake broth they sat in was super strong. I wanted to do shots of the broth. The sashimi was good. The pieces were large and of good quality and served with shiso, a requirement. With our meal, we also got some complimentary appetizer napa cabbage, sunomono, edamame, and miso soup and at the end we got complimentary ginger or azuki bean ice cream. We tried both. Both were meh.  The bathroom is stark white and blinding, compared to the softly lit restaurant. Everything was clean. But our table was weird because it had a gas pipe looking thing sticking out of the wall and a cowl above. Must've been a yakiniku before. For the dinner and a small tokkuri of sake, the bill came out to $55 before tip. * off the strip, non-casino
4	A friendly staff, cozy yet warm interior and solid food await you if you come here for dinner. Granted I came with my cousin who happens to frequent this place often, but still - I enjoyed the combination of three elements: quality of food, service, and price.I had the oyako don - a bowl of rice with chicken and egg all steamed together like beehive with onions. It came with a side of this steamed egg dish and some pickled veggies. It was very satisfying after a long day and the waitresses here (all decked out in traditional Japanese garb) were pleasant and helpful when we needed anything.Will have to try the sushi next time!
4	This is the second time i came here.  The server dressed in Kimono were courteous and friendly.  The environment was very traditional.  We arrived at about 6:30PM and the place was not busy.We ordered a few rolls and dinner combos.  The crunchy tempura roll was very good.  the combo plates were ok but the portion could not be considered large, but adequate.  I asked if they served Katsu Don but instead of rice, i wanted Udon.  The server said that the chef was busy serving large party, and didnt have time to make special order.  i looked out from where our table was and saw a near-empty restaurant and wondered where the big party was!   The last time i came with a friend, he asked for something off the menu, and the same server gave the same lame excuse about serving a large party when the restuarant was also not busy at the time.Other than that, it was a pleasant experience and food was very good.  We will be back next time we are in Vegas again!
5	After doing about 30 minutes of research here on yelp to find the perfect sushi joint we decided to give Tokyo a shot - WOW what a great gamble we took on this place! For just over 40 bucks we (two) stuffed ourselves with some of the best sushi I have ever had. We decided to sit at the bar and was rewarded by a very friendly pair of chefs who treated us like we were guests in their home. Before we had even gotten a chance to look at the menu one of the ladies had brought us miso soup, edamame, and a nice little cucumber salad - all complimentary. After tearing through the wonderful soup and salad we ordered our fish.The specialty rolls were massive and delicious. The sushi pieces themselves were basically an entire fillet of fish on top of a dab of rice - delicious. White tuna, Mmmmmmmm. Mid way through our meal the owner of the place brought us out another complimentary dish: king oyster mushrooms sauteed in butter with sesame seeds... simple, tasty, and satisfying. Finished up with some green tea ice cream that was equally as impressive as the rest of the meal. This little hidden gem is well seeking out!
5	First we planned to go to Raku, but we forgot to make reservations so sitting a party of eight wasn't possible.  So we drove around looking for a Japanese place.  We found one, but my dad said it reminded him of a massage parlor.  I wasn't expecting much, but everything was so good.  The portions were a good size.  My uncle kept trying to order off the late night menu, when it was only like 8.  Great service, but the bathroom was close to our table and it was a little smelly.  Thanks Eric.
4	This place was great. A little slow but it was really busy. The best sushi in Vegas!
5	This is by far my favorite sushi in town! You will always be greeted with a smile, and you can't beat the prices! We went Sunday night for a local night out, and like always, Tokyo always impresses us! The yummy mushrooms they bring out on the house are SO wonderful...I'm going to need to venture out and sit at a table to order more diverse items.
5	Some people come to Vegas to gamble in the casinos. I took a culinary gamble at Tokyo Japanese Restaurant and hit the jackpot.Glitz and bling doesn't dazzle me. Feeling the soul of a chef in the food does. And this unassuming restaurant off the strip overwhelmed me with good vibes and good food.For those without cars, expect to pay $20+ each way for a cab to the Commercial Center from just about anywhere on the the strip. For those with cars, lucky you, there is heaps of parking. The vast parking lot encircled by a small collection of ethnic restaurants is disconcerting, but patience and courage will pay off.The men behind the counter will shout their greetings upon your entrance and the women in kimonos will bring you hot tea, a hot towel, and a small bowl of edamame to start you off.  Included with the platter of wasabi and ginger (which you will hardly need, because the food is seasoned adequately) is a little marinated cucumber salad.Everything we ate was delicious. Hamachi belly and smelt roe nigiri, freshwater eel roll, spicy tuna roll, and live ama ebi shrimp that the sushi chef pulled from the tank to order. They also served us a sizzling platter of king oyster mushrooms, and a fillet of broiled hamachi, which the kitchen sent out. From others' reviews, I see that the mushroom dish is not an unusual nibble to get from the kitchen. Everyone appreciates that little gesture! We had green tea and ginger ice cream for dessert.Expecting a large bill, we were stunned to have dined in Las Vegas for just $45, feeding two.  The fact that every other business in town is driven to separate you from your money as quickly as possible, this was such a refreshing change. There are tatami rooms for fancier folk, small group booths in the common dining area, and the counter. We ate at the counter, chatted with the other diners, who all seemed to be locals rather than tourists like us, and everyone insisted that *this* was the place to come for sushi.Sure, there was no douchey bartender with a faux-hawk shaking mediocre $13 cocktails by bouncing them off his shoulders, and I do acknowledge that this seems to be a quality in high demand at most places on the strip, so if that's what you like, you won't find it here.Pretension and extravagance can be left at the door!Thankfully, I like a little quiet, and I like dining in well-lit spaces where I can actually see my food and see other happy diners. If there is one place in this city I will go out of my way to recommend to my friends, and say it is worth the effort, it is here.
4	I found comfort and refuge here while living in las vegas.  I thought the food was good and the prices were reasonable for the quality.  Not far from the strip.
5	Great food with reasonable price!I agree, it is best Japanese food in Las Vegas.* Pros:- Great food, Fresh and tasty- reasonable price (about $25 per person)- free appetizer- free desserts- Friendly staffs- easy parking* Cons:- need a car to get there (off the Strip)- In side the shopping certer (not easy to find)
5	Went here on the advice of Yelp reviews. What a find!! Great food, great prices. Really enjoyed the specialty rolls, spicy tuna was great as well.If you are looking for a quiet place just off the strip this is perfect.
5	My wife and I were pleasantly surprised with this restaurant. We saw it on Yelp and thought we'd try it out. Little did we know it was kind of in a sketchy shopping center. But when we walked in the door, it was a breath of fresh air as we were greeted by warm Japanese women in kimonos. We were sat immediately in a big, private booth and were given the typical warm towels. We ordered an assortment of sushi which included miso soup and our own ice cream at the end. The quality was excellent. We never felt rushed or left alone. The sushi was tasty and what we expected and the service was very good. Our bill came to $50 including tax. Just about what I had expected when we sat down. This was for quite a bit of food for two people.We wish we lived in the area so we could come back more often. Definitely give Tokyo Sushi a try.
5	Insanely good find!We were visiting from out-of-town and staying on the strip, but decided to check out something a bit outside the "normal" zone. This place was rated highly on Yelp, and so a taxi-ride later ($20), we were there. Where "there" is exactly is hard to say for us, and we had to look around to find the exact location of the place (it's in the middle "island" building on the right). It's located right in the middle of some Korean restaurants, and is definitely not your standard "strip" business - it's not at all notable from the outside.The inside is another matter. We chose to sit at the bar to watch the itamae at work, but we liked the set up of the tables and the main room. I was immediately intrigued by the aquariums in the back that housed live flounder, prawns, and abalone. I inquired about the abalone (it wasn't on the menu), and was a bit taken aback at the price ($25), but ordered it anyway due to the fact that we were on vacation, and I couldn't recall ever seeing it on a menu before. It was fantastic - very nice, firm, texture and a very oceany- (almost uni-like) taste.I decided to have some of the prawn, too (also not on the menu), and was very pleased with that, too. They serve the prawn raw, first, and after you've had the tail, they then tempura-fry the head. It was extraordinary!We had some other dishes, too: some of them ordered by us, and some of them presented to us by the owner (we ordered a few things that weren't in-stock, and I think it was a very nice and appreciated gesture). Everything we had, from start to finish, was just excellent: fresh tako, hamachi, and unagi sushi, and a HUGE "special" maki roll. The sake was good, and reasonably priced too. I was so full by the end of the meal, I couldn't fit any uni, and that's a first for me!The only (very minor) complaint I have is that they didn't have closed-captioning on the TV's. I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a fantastic meal of sushi in Vegas.. It doesn't have the ambiance of a Tao or Koi, and it's not a teppenyaki place, but that's not what I'm looking for in a sushi restaurant anyway. We spent over $50/person (because we wanted to..the food was GOOD!) but could just as easily have spent $25/person if we wanted to be more wallet-conscious.We'll definitely be going back the next time we're there!
5	Found this place by chance and was glad we did.  Coming from Hawaii, I am used to good quality sushi.  Most places in the mainland can't compare, but I was surprised to find quality sushi in this sort of place.  We decided to order the Love boat which had everything we wanted for $23 a person, it was the best meal I had on this Vegas trip.  It included miso soup, salad with a spicy dressing, shrimp tempura, vegetable tempura, assorted sushi, California roll, spicy tuna roll, katsu, yakitori sticks, chicken yakitori, ice cream was also included.  If you get tempura, don't forget to ask for daikon to put in your tempura sauce, it makes it taste better.  All was great, and I'm still happy with the quality of the fish.  Grandparents ordered yosenabe and they said it was good as well.Surprised this place wasn't more packed, but I guess being away from the strip is good and bad.  I'll definitely come back when I come to vegas again.
4	Don't be fooled by the shady looking strip mall area that looks ripe for gang activity at night. This place is a gem. They definitely are in the low rent district on the Sahara side of the strip and is Korean (not Japanese) owned. They do a great job in providing good sushi (even though they are far from the ocean) and their preparation and presentation are very good. This rivals some of the best Japanese restaurants on the strip without the high price. We had the tatami room with a party of 11 and the service was friendly and attentive. They even gave us a ride back to our hotel in their own cars....what service. Their teriyaki meats aren't very good, but their yakitori is excellent, don't know why that is. Top picks also include sushi, sashimi, udon, unagi, agedashi tofu, gyoza, chawanmushi, and chirashi. Somebody was trained well in Los Angeles (where the owners are from.) Give it a try, you won't be dissappointed.
5	Five star sushi. This place is old school, from the service to the decor. A Las Vegas institution,  I'll eat here every time I visit the city.
5	The food was AMAZING and SO fresh ....
5	I was looking for a decent sushi place off the strip and Yelp steered me to his restaurant located in a sketchy strip mall.A diamond in the rough for sure. We sat at the sushi bar. The really great things on the menu are the live stuff. Live sweet shrimp. Live sea urchin. Live clam. If you ask the head sushi man and owner about what is the freshest thing in stock, he will give you an honest answer. The more you know about sushi, the better this place is. Worth the trip.
5	I just want to add that I have been back a second time and my review does not change ... this place is great!----The sushi was amazing.  Large roles, fresh fish, and numerous options.  I had multiple roles, sashimi, oyster mushrooms, and some great salmon.  Everything was super!  Further, the prices are extremely reasonable.Not only is the food great, but the service is amazing.  Stacy and Jimmy are wonderful people and extremely friendly.  They provided quality conversation and allowed me to sample some different items for free.  I will definitely go back there for dinner when I am in town for work again.Thanks, Stacy!
5	go here, don't get ripped off.
3	We went earlier in the week because my aunt just totally loves the fried soft shell crab appetizer there.  I think I will have to beg to differ on this point.  Don't get me wrong.  It wasn't bad, but I think I've had way better at other comparable Japanese restaurants.  In addition to the average fried soft shell crab, we ordered two different boats, which was wayyyyy too much food for four people, filled with various sushi rolls of spicy tuna, california, eel, soft shell crab, skewers of chicken teriyaki, sashimi. Conclusion:  Average food.  Definitely not my first choice to go to for Japanese food.
5	I haven't actually been looking at Yelp prior to going to places lately, usually only afterward. I wonder why I've never bothered trying this place. Maybe it's because I have a couple sushi restaurants I already like. Sean and I took our boyfriend here a few days ago. I really like the atmosphere, and most of the food we tried was amazing. It's rare to find really fresh fish here in Vegas, so having good stuff like this reminded me of some places we go to when we're at our place in Seattle. The service is very friendly, though I find it odd that Korean people own a Japanese restaurant, and that only 2 staff are Japanese. Either way, with food this good, and service this good... two things that are hard to find for a decent price in Vegas... We'll definitely be back.
5	Very impressed with this place!  We ordered a few rolls and some sushi which came fairly quickly!   Miso soup and Edamame were great and came complimentary, which is not always the case at other sushi places.  The sushi was cut very generously and very fresh.  We will definitely come back again soon.  Only downside to this place is the location...  Its in an unsavory neighborhood, just an FYI for those not familiar with Vegas....
5	On Friday night was very empty, more attentive service for you!  Staying paid off - yelp reviews are spot on.  Located in an unassuming strip mall right off the strip.LIVE UniLIVE EbiLIVE AbaloneAll SO FRESH and pulled from the tank behind us. Service was good, Sushi Chef's were awesome. Would def come back if looking for an off strip mealps - still not sure how they did the cascading sake bomb's, eight of them in a row on the sushi bar, impressive
4	As we often go to Vegas, we wanted to try a sushi place that out of the strip that the locals go. We yelped it and found Tokyo. We had great time and the price is not over priced like all the places on the strip. The sushi chef, it's a she, pretty good and very friendly. They gave us two complimentary, which are pretty yummy. The fishes are fresh and they have good selection of foods not just straight sushi. Definitely will come back if we're in Sin City!
4	After looking for reasonably priced places to eat in Las Vegas I ran across this little gem on Yelp. I'm a big sushi fan and all the reviews seemed to mention the high quality sushi available here along side reasonable prices (especially for the strip). While it isn't exactly in a nice area, once you step in the quaint little eatery it takes your mind off the dark strip mall you just came from. First of all, the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the fact that I visited the restaurants' website. Big mistake, they apparently haven't updated the site in years. The site claims they do tepenyaki style dining, they don't. It states that beverages begin at $3.50, and they most certainly do not. Furthermore, the menu is almost completely different in every way. After I got over the shock of nothing being what I had expected I began to appreciate the restaurant for what it is today. A great place to eat sushi!My boyfriend and I ordered the Las Vegas Boat, a Sapporo and Nigori Sake all to share, bringing our bill to $85, not bad for the tremendous amount of food and service we were given. Not only did we get what we ordered but everyone at the table was given hot towels, cucumber and bean sprout salad, miso soup, and ice cream. As for the sushi, hands down some of the freshest I've ever had. The entire boat was superb. I'll most definitely be back the next time  I'm in town.
4	It's Friday night have no clue what to eat I turn on Yelp Monocle on my Droid X and I see Tokyo Japanese close by with 4.5 stars.  Never been there so we figured we'd take a chance something new.  The place is located in the Commercial Plaza section from street level it looks dark and industrial but once you enter the parking lot you notice a bunch of cool lighted restaurants.  Parking isn't too bad you just have to watch out for the bum bums on bikes and on foot asking for change - reminds me of SF.  Once you open the doors to Tokyo Japanese it's like entering a different world.  Very traditional inside and filled with happy customers and people working inside.  The waitress told us the place has been in business for more thank 15 years - you can certainly tell there are regulars who come in cause they are all greated with a wave and a Yeah your back!  Very relaxing atmosphere.  The menu had a lot of yummy Japanese cuisine and deals.  I ordered the Chicken teriyaki tempura which came with miso soup, rice, salad, hot tea and desert of your choice.  This is a fun happy place to go to and enjoy a very good Japanese meal.Domo Arigato Tokyo Japanese for the yummy nom noms.  I will definitely return and recommend going there.
3	The food price was fair the sashimi wasn't so fresh and a little dry. The food want bad it was just an average experience. The people were friendly. The spicy scallop roll I thought was good, it was very spicy which I like.
4	We had plans to go to Raku, but when we called to see if we needed reservations for 2, they said they couldn't take us until 10:30 pm.  That was too late for us, so I headed to Yelp to find an alternative.Like other reviews have already mentioned, Tokyo is in an unassuming (ghetto) strip mall.  When we walked in, we were greeted and seated quickly.  Hubby and I decided to share the small sashimi plate ($45) and teriyaki chicken/tempura dinner ($13.50).  Our meal started with miso soup, chawanmushi, and namasu.  The small sashimi plate came with almost 30 pieces of assorted fish.  I'm from Hawaii, so I eat a lot of raw fish, but there were a few fishes I don't usually eat as sashimi (halibut, halibut fin, butterfish, etc.).  All the fish was really fresh, and the pieces were pretty big.  The sashimi plate also comes with some side dishes that we were unaware of -- we were surprised when they brought us saba, a corn and cheese dish, and grilled mushrooms.  I was so full by the time the chicken/tempura dinner came.  It was so much food, I couldn't eat anymore.  Hubby thought the chicken was overcooked and a little dry.  He said the tempura was okay.  The sashimi was definitely the highlight of the meal for me.
5	Oustanding customer service here!  We sat at the sushi bar and the sushi chef, Stacie was awesome!  I got the sashimi special (toro, salmon, white fish, live halibut(wow can't get any fresher) etc, very fresh and even came with some great side dishes of king oyster mushrooms and corn with cheese.   We also ordered sweet shrimp- prob the best sweet live shrimp I've ever had.  Also got complimentary Ginger and green tea ice cream.  If you want a place that is not ayce and want good fresh fish, come here!
4	I became a big fan of this place last night when I went here for the first time.  It was just about 5 PM, and I sat at the sushi bar.  During the time I was there - until about 6 PM, I was the only one at the bar.I started off with some complimentary miso and a small bowl of edamame.  Good start on both counts.   For my dinner, I got an order of Uni Nigiri and their Tokyo Special Roll (Inside the roll were tuna, kampyo, and crab.  Outside the roll were 6 pieces of fish (tuna, salmon, and white fish) with a spicy garlic sauce.During dinner, two complimentary dishes were made for me.  One was a sizzling skillet of King Oyster mushrooms and one oyster shooter with hot sauce.  Finally, I had ginger ice cream for dessert at no extra cost.The sushi chefs were really good and very pleasant guys.  The two kinds of sushi I ordered were prepared very well, and the complimentary food was delicious.  I don't think I've had such tasty mushrooms slices.I am sure I'll be back here, and I want to go with a few people when we can order more rolls and I can try different things.
3	Fresh live fish in tanks along with abalone. The spicy tuna is Super Hot but everything else was good. The ginger ice cream was a great digestive after the big meal.
4	Very nice especially the pickled veggies. We'll come back. Worth a drive.
1	Seriousley, I do not understand how they get 4 to 5 star review from customer.  This restaurant is not even own by Japanese owner.  I am Japanese and tast of fish was ok.  I visited this place because of a good rating, but I guess I was spoiled grow up in Japan and live in CA for many years.   I do not recommended to eat sushi or even some Japanese food at this place.
5	Do you enjoy sushi and I mean great sushi?Do you like traditional Japanese surroundings without the Las Vegas pomp and circumstance?Do you like impeccable service and an overall feeling of being welcomed like you really belong?If this even remotely stirs your interest GO TO Tokyo. It is a true gem and until something drastic happens my new home for sushi in Las Vegas. Ignore where it is located (emptied out strip mall) and take the plunge. One of the sushi chefs is Stacey and they plain just treat you right.We had numerous rolls, sushi and sashimi and all of them were of biblical proportions fresh and spot on. They serve you complementary edamame and miso soup...also sitting at the sushi bar they had various handouts at no charge, sliced mushrooms on a sizzling skillet huge piece of salmon skin an bones with meat that was easily picked off and melt in your mouth yummy (piece was broiled)...just AWESOME!Can't say enough about this joint...try it you will not be sorry...I promise!
5	I echo the comments of George G.  Tokyo Japanese is a real gem.  Don't let the strip mall in which this place is located turn you way.  The atmosphere is quiet, but not dead; the service is very good; the food is very good; and Stacy is alot of fun.  The food is an excellent deal even before you consider the free edamame, miso soup, ice cream, corn and cheese dish, and grilled mushrooms!My fiance and I were looking for a good sushi restaurant without alot of pomp, glitter, and noise, and that's exactly what we got...along with a very good deal.  We'll definitely eat at Tokyo Japanese again!
4	4.0 StarsI wish I could give Tokyo Japanese Restaurant a more insightful review, but I was pressed for time while dining here. Our server acknowledged this and made sure my meal came out first. I had a plane to catch so I literally had to engulf my meal within 15 minutes, which my friends sat in their seats with amazement. None-the-less, I still managed to catch my plane and made it home safely.Tokyo Japanese Restaurant is located off the main Las Vegas strip in a strip mall type of plaza. My friends and I definitely would not have found this place if it wasn't for Yelp.One of the great features of Tokyo Japanese Restaurant is the amount of food that comes with your meal. For instance I noticed most of the dishes come with soup, salad, rice, pickles, dessert, and green tea. After our group ordered, our server brought us edamame, pickled bean sprouts, pickled cucumbers, and miso soup. For my main course I ordered the Sukiyaki ($14.00) that consisted of thinly sliced beef, noodles, and assorted vegetables like onions, napa cabbage, mushroom, and tofu. It came out piping hot and was pretty good. The noodles were springy and the beef was tender. I wished there was more tofu though.Although I missed out on the green tea ice cream for dessert, the quantity of food provided for the price is very reasonable. My server was also very accommodating given the fact that I had to leave quickly. I can't wait to come back and try the sushi or bento boxes on the menu. From the Yelp pictures, there looks to be a lot of food. == A MUST TRY! ==
5	I finally signed up just to rate this restaurant. I was intown for CES and craving some good sushi. Atmosphere was outstanding, the staff was very friendly, greeting everyone as they entered and before they left. The food was very good and plentiful. As other reviews have stated, the outside does not reflect the inside at all; you will be pleasantly surprised after entering, thinking you have been whisked to Japan upon entering. A very enjoyable experience and doubtful you could get this kind of quality for the same price on the strip. If I lived local this would be a monthly treat.
3	Ok so we over ordered, but we enjoyed it all so much, we did our best to finish it all, but wound up taking a lot home. I wish our server Had let us know it was a lot...The fried chicken was ok, not anything great, although there was a lot of it. Some of the roles were a bit heavy, with cream sauces over cream cheese...not really that great. But the fish seemed fresh and the shashimi I ordered was terrifiic.Fresh live crabs, lobster, flounder..will definitly be back to try that. This seems like the real deal, catering to japanese clientel mostly. Located inthe same strip mall as lotus of siam, it is easy to park and find.
5	Yelp does it again. Found this gem and have to add my five stars. Fresh sushi, great staff, wonderful service, and totally random location. If you aren't pretentious and have to be seen on the strip, go here and enjoy. Ask the servers for their recs on rolls.
3	This place is pretty good but i'm not sure how it is scoring a 4.5 star rating. The presentation is the best part. Everything comes out in really cool authentic looking trays, they provide a little salad, miso soup and a scoop of ice cream with all the meals so SCORE for hooking it up big time my friends.I had a 007 roll and cali roll. NOt the best i've ever had and not the worst for sure. I just don't get the use of mayo in the crab meat. Does anyone really like mayo in the crab meat? it always takes away from the fresh taste that goes with cucumber and avocado. So it's a good place and they definitely treat you right but it's not the best place around and it really shouldn't get the rating it has, it is deceiving as far as the food is concerned.
5	I bring a group of 30-50 people once per year to this fabulous restaurant.  I found this place by accident several years ago when we were in town for a hockey tournament in Vegas.  Tokyo was incredibly welcoming even though we were a very large group looking for food late at around 10PM.  They sat and served all of us and the food was fantastic!!!  Tokyo has the best uni I have ever sampled and they have a very extensive menu of rolls.  The chirashi is also very good.  If you are looking for reasonably priced, authentic, good japanese food in Las Vegas, Tokyo is a great place!
3	I love Yelp!  My wife and I were in Vegas for an extended stay off of the Strip so I was constantly using Yelp to find restaurants in our area.  After reading the reviews for Tokyo, we couldn't wait to try it.We went on a Sunday evening and they were out of most of the live seafood.  In Tokyo's defense, that just means someone got to it before us since restaurants don't get fresh deliveries on Sundays.  However, the restaurant was not crowded at all, and there were plenty of servers, but the service was still slow and pretty poor.As far as the food, the nigiri pieces we had were big, fresh, and very tasty.  I also had a tartare dish that was exceptional, great taste and huge.  The house special maki rolls that we had were just ok.  The fish was fresh, but the combinations weren't anything special.I would try Tokyo again.  None of the food was bad, some of it was great, but the service was lacking.
3	Went here with my visiting family for the first time about a month ago...The food is pretty good and I must admit, I ordered something a little obnoxious. I had the Tokyo Deluxe which is a little of everything (seriously...just about EVERYTHING) and a cup of tea.  While the food I ordered was good, some of the items my family ordered weren't quite up to par. The size of the portions were good but the flavor just seemed a little off on a few of the items.I'm sure there are other things that taste really good on the menu and I'll update this review when I have a chance to go back.
2	I've been to this place twice. Don't go here. The people working here are really friendly and whatever you order always comes with miso soup, a little salad thing, and a desert, but that's the only good thing that I can really say.The sushi it self is just ok. If you're going to pay for sushi, you might as well pay for good sushi. And there are other places with about the same price range that are just a lot better.The worst part about this place is that they put a ranch like sauce on almost every roll. It's just kind of gross. Basically, it's not the worst place ever, but I wouldn't reccomend it and I wouldn't go here again.
4	Writing this review live. I hope the food is good because the service sucks. We tried ordering a Vegas sushi boat from two different waitresses and they both tried to push for a different boat that comes with less sushi because the 'sushi bar is busy'. We told the second waitress we would wait anyway and she said ok with an attitude. Not a good start...Well, the boat did take a while but it was worth the wait. There is enough food for half a dozen people even though it is meant for two. Tempura, sashimi, rolls, nigiri, salad...Everything was fresh and delicious!We gave it a solid effort but still left some delicious sushi on the boat.As if the sushi wasn't enough, we were also given starters as part of the meal. Miso soup, seaweed salad, and pickle cucumber salad.You also get your choice of ice cream to finish the gluttony. We picked Ginger and red been ice cream. Also props for serving x-large bottles of Japanese beer. After being a little turned off by the pushy nature of the service, the food redeem this very traditional sushi joint. The sushi was probably better that anything you would find on the Strip and very well priced for the quality. We will definitely come back next time we are in Vegas.
4	Love this place,  do not let the location stop you from trying it out.I like sitting at the bar much more than the tables.  I find the sushi chefs engaging and fun.  There are live sweet shrimp and halibut  in tanks right next to the bar.Some of the specialty rolls are a little mayonaisy but you can request less.  The sashimi is the best.The decor is older and not like a strip mall sushi joint.  I find it is what gives it the charm.If you are tired of a sushi place at every shopping center that all look and feel the exact same.  come here,  you will be happy you found Tokyo.
5	This place is as good as it gets best sushi and sashimi in town great service great food
4	I really like this little sushi restaurant. Been there twice already. The portions are great, fish are fresh, reasonable prices, and extremely friendly staff. The only thing that kept me from giving them a 5 star is that when they get busy it lacks in service. Took them more than 10 min to get our drinks and they forgot to put in one of our orders. Other than that everything else is great.Probably go there again this week before the rush.
1	Old and dry fish and shrimp, the quality of the roll was very poor, amateur. Horrible, the chef was unhappy to be behind the counter. The waitress was horribly rude and short.
5	The portions are huuuuge!!!  I would just wait to order more rolls after your first one comes if you're still hungry.  The fish is cut pretty thick, so delicious and clean and fresh AND plated nicely as well. The waitresses wear cute pink kimonos!  The owner and sushi chefs are very friendly and laid back.  They'll talk to you like you're a regular.  When you drive to it, and you see that sketchy strip mall don't be put off!  The food is good and the service is excellent!  I will definitely come here every time i venture to vegas!
4	Konichiwa LV yelpers!I'm always on a quest to find new japanese restaurants to add to my where to eat for dinner list.Thanks for all of the awesome yelp reviews on TJR! I finally got to try TJR a week ago with one of my gf.As for the food we order. We ordered the chicken teriyaki & tempura combo with the hawaiian and crunch roll. Food was delicious... along with the complimentary miso soup and edamame.Everything went well, except a comment our waitress made when I asked for more edemame. I mean really?! I don't think it's costing them a lot of money to fill our little bowl with more edemame. When I asked if we could have a little more, she commented back with, it's only for service... (meaning they don't give more then 1 serving) I've been to other restaurants who never had a problem giving me a refill... just saying.Dinner for 2 cost us around $40 not including tip.Indoor seating. Located in an old building in an off the strip area. Nothing fancy, whole in a wall type of place with authentic japanese food. I did get lost for a split minute trying to look for then hidden gem... look for their blue sign. There was no wait on Saturday night around 8pm and the restaurant was surprisingly on the empty side.First place I've stumbled upon in Vegas where the waitress was dressed in kimonos. Love sitting in the wooden booth... very japanesezy,I would love to come back here again to try more... despite our rude waitress...Great place to come with friends, date or family night.If you're looking for a japanese spot off the strip... stop by TJR.I'll be back to explore my options and ask for a refill on edamame! arigato.
4	Great spot....sssssh...don't tell anyone
4	Tokyo Japanese Restaurant has been opened for 20+ years.  You can tell once you walk in just by looking at the decor, which has the older and more refined artistic characteristics relatively to what newer restaurants decorate their interior with.The restaurant can be hard for some to find, as GPS will take you to the address (which is the entire Commercial Center plaza).  But it is worth the treasure hunt to locate this hidden gem.The restaurant is currently operated by Korean Americans, but the menu offerings are authentic Japanese, with some Korean stuff thrown in (ex. kalbi ribs in the Combination Dinner Box).  But I didn't hold that against them, as the sushi and sashimi that I had was generous and fresh.  Plus not that many Japanese restaurants in Las Vegas (or anywhere for that matter) offer live uni (sea urchin) on their menu.  That alone is worth coming here and trying it, if you enjoy good uni.I came here with a group of people, and everyone ordered food from different parts of the menu.  Everything that was served looked good, tasted delicious and the price was reasonable.  Obviously if you order sushi and rolls, the price is going to be higher than the AYCE places.  But you do get a good amount of food for the price.I would definitely come back here to try more items on their menu.Food:  4/5  The fish (sushi and sashimi) were fresh.  The kalbi that was part of my Combination Dinner Box 4 was more cooked than I like my short ribs.Price:  3/5  Fair price, but will be more expensive in comparison to AYCE sushi restaurants.Parking:  5/5  Commercial Center is huge and there are more parking spaces than there are visitors atthe moment.Location:  4/5  Can be hard to find, but once you find it you will remember your way the next time you visit.Service:  4.5/5  Very good.  Paying separately will not be an issue, if you let them know ahead of time, as our waitress was perfect in handling the bills for all 7 of us.
4	A nice old school Sushi restaurant. Very relaxed feeling, not the uppity type place where you feel not worthy of their time. Very good sushi and very good prices. The chefs were very entertaining and fast. Saki bombs are always best when shared w/the chefs! Soju shots can really sneak up on you!
4	Love the authentic vibe, loved the Udon soup!! ... Definitely yes, I will come back.
5	This place is seriously good!Sketchy area at night for sure...but once we got inside they treated us like kings. Sushi and sashimi is super fresh. We tried the live shrinp fresh from the tank.A must try, especially if you have a car.
2	Restaurant smells bad. Tempura udon is tasteless, octopus sushi taste like metal, hamachi sashimi is so so. Overall, menu was a little expensive for mediocre quality food. Service was nice.
2	OK.  I want to give more stars here because the people are very nice!  BUT the food.... um... where do I start.... salty Tonkatsu...  the meat was thinner than the breaded part.  the Miso soup had like 1.5 time too much miso...  The rice was stinky and the salad was a little old.  The best part was the standard "out of the box" green tea ice cream.This is not authentic Japanese food!
4	Don't be put off by the fact that this off-strip sushi bar is located in a seedy strip mall, adjacent to billiard halls and cut-rate insurance offices. We walked in fifteen minutes before they opened and the owner let us sit-down. His souschef took our order after a short wait and delivered some of the best sashimi I've ever eaten. The kicker: they served us three freebees. We got a savory hot oil trumpet mushroom dish, baked salmon steak, and a homemade greentea ice cream, all on the house, simply for being the "first customers of the night."Arrive sharply at 430 to beat the evening rush.
5	I really don't know what all these other people are saying! This restaurant was one of the best places I've ever been to. The food, the service, EVERYTHING. After I came here once, I haven't gone to any other sushi restaurant since then.When I always come I either get the Tiger Roll! I couldn't choose between the many choices they had on their menu and roll menu too! It was topped off with a sauce that matched the roll incredibly! And the best part, the fish! You can see the tank at the back, and it's awesome how they just take it out right in front of you. Shows how truly fresh fish this restaurant has. It came out with a beautiful plating and so many choices. I can't really describe all the delicious things of this restaurant, the service was so sweet, and they instantly got anything we asked for. Best place ever. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
4	Good food and good service. I liked the screaming orgasm, mexican roll, and ginger ice cream. I especially liked how the ice cream and miso are offered at no cost. Not much too complain about, the only reason this review is a 4 and not a 4.5 is because the white tuna was served too cold. It was almost frozen (but it wasnt).
3	I've been coming to Tokyo off and on for close to 20 years.  I was disappointed this time.. It's gone far downhill from it's former days of lots of biz, teppan tables and tatami rooms.  I'll not be back... Sad.  The sushi was ok and the dinners salty.  The service was still friendly it just had a sort of sad atmosphere in there.
3	Las Vegas here we are!! Came with a couple girls for my friend's bachelorette party. As soon as we landed we were craving sushi and I was trying to find a sushi place that was close and Tokyo Japanese Restaurant popped up. As soon as we settled into our hotel suite, we jumped into a taxi, and made our way to Tokyo Japanese Restaurant.The area is a bit secluded. There are other small restaurants and shops there, but it looked really dead. When we went inside, the restaurant itself was kind of small and there wasn`t really anyone there. Because there was a group of us, they put us in one of their private rooms which was nice.Their menu wasn`t that big and they didn`t have a lot of options, so we just ordered a bunch of sushi, two rolls, and an order of fresh oysters. We also wanted to get the fun started, so we got a couple shots of Johnny Walker.As we were eating, the manager walked in and asked us if we were doing okay. Later, we got something special that the manager had sent to us. I don`t know what it was, but it was yummy. She also gave us another round of Johnny Walker shots on the house. AWESOME!!Overall, the food was okay. The service was great. The prices were pretty reasonable. I`m used to going to sushi bars that have all you can eat, so I expected the bill to be a little more than it would be if we were to go to an all you can eat sushi bar, but the fact that the manager gave us some free food and free shots, it was some what worth it.
5	hello everyone:]i never really write anything on yelp.. i normally use it to find good places to eat..So to start with my very first yelp rewiewww!!! ^^I was in Vegas just a couple days ago, and I was craving Sushiiii!! but i dont know any sushi restaurants here so I looked up some restaurants on yelp! BOOM!! TOKYO came up with really great reviews. So i decided to go with a group of my friends. It's a little bit off the strip, but after trying tokyo its worth going.Food:So we order a couple rolls and medium sashimi.. Sushi rolls: delicious, generous amount, and freshSushi sashimi: AWESOMENESS!! SO FRESH I HAD NO IDEA LV CAN HAVE FRESH SUSHI!!The foods amazing and the service is wonderful!I will visit again soon!!
4	We've been going to this restaurant for many years now. Yes, it's not in the best neighborhood but the food is delish and the prices are reasonable. I like that they have a private dining room located just to the left of the front door. This room seats about 8 to 10 people, so when we have small dinner parties I always book this restaurant and ask for that private room. The staff is always friendly, and we like the idea of having a free dessert at the end of our meal. Their ginger, red bean, and green tea ice cream is wonderful, although I wish they'd give a larger scoop!  The last dinner party I had there (Sept 2011) was for about 40 - 45 people and we took up a lot of the center dining area. But no worries for the other patrons, because the sides of the restaurant are lined with booth-type seating areas. They even have a tatami-style dining area in the back part of the restaurant. Great sushi, and their menu portions are generous!
5	Decided to give it a try based on other reviews...kind of hard to find and almost gave up, but REALLY glad we didn't.  Everything we had was fantastic.  It's always nice to get away from the lines and craziness of the strip...well worth it!
4	I've only been here once and the food was pretty good. Nice staff but could have been a little more friendly. I got something I'd never had before and it was really good...though when I looked at it I really didn't want to eat it. I'm always up for trying new food so I gave it a shot and really liked it. My philly roll was ok and the Cali roll too. I'd go back but maybe try something other than a roll.
5	Party of five, six rolls, veggie tempura, miso soup for all, and three big Sapparo beers ended up being $20 per person. Not bad! We sat in a long booth and it wasn't crowded at all on a Saturday night. Friendly service. I believe they are Korean owned.I recommend what we had:Mexican roll (SO SPICY!)Hawaiian roll Popcorn roll (LOBSTER)Crunch rollPhilly rollThis place was recommended by a Vegas native who is well-traveled so I trusted he knew what good sushi rolls were like. We spent about 20 minutes trying to look for this place. It's behind all the buildings, in a building in the middle of the lot. Plenty of parking.
5	My visit here was great! The food is very good :) The best sushi in Town!!Not very crowded and they make sure that they accomodate you.I love this sushi place thank you for doing a great job!!Yes I will for sure come back again.
4	Always a favorite.If you want moist, tender salmon that melts in your mouth, then order it "medium rare." It's amazingly good.
4	Always a delish place to eat! Tonight we celebrated....what else...Mother's Day!!!!
2	Lemme preface this review with...I'm from LA. It's hard to believe this place got 4-stars. I guess it goes to show that we do need professional food critics out there so ratings stay consistent. If this place was an establishment in LA, then it would flounder so fast. Toro was not toro. OMG, it was not toro. It resembled toro, but in my mouth it was something else. Yellowtail should not be served straight from the freezer. Please. No. Don't ever do that again. I can still find the crappy pieces of fish underneath all that spicy sauce. Sorry, you can't fool me.Props for the free miso and ice cream at the end of the meal. My ginger ice cream was pretty damn good. Props for the great mom-n-pop service. Appreciate that you tried, but seriously, I hope I didn't go home with a parasite from dirty fish.
5	I have a really hard time giving out 5 stars to anyone, so if I do it is for a multitude of reasons this place has the many reasons!  This place has the hard core family who runs it and will never forget  what you like, the work ethic nearly no one has anymore, a LIVE tank the gentleman and his wife run the place and you buy him a drink and he will give you something in return not always but here and there ;) lol?!  AMAZING I love small businesses and this is one of those family owned gems that I will continue to go to and give them my money (a lot of it) willingly but trust me the money is not much for what you are getting...This place is a regular of mine it is close to my house in the getto, I don't live in the getto but people are scared to come here because of questionable places nearby ;) but trust me it is so worth it, just ignore the big green sign and door. I go here often and take out of town friends here often. The price is fair and what you get is more then worth it.  This is a place not for the faint of heart and can accommodate those who are. There is really hardcore and I can take my mother in law who will eat nothing raw that says something I believe. I cannot recommend anything because everything is good and everything is fresh sometimes live, but I really like the very fresh uni (not alive but we do live in a dessert), oysters, hamachi (yellow tail), toro or o toro (tuna belly), live amaebi (live shrimp not for the faint of heart I have them ready it for me I cannot ready it myself if you catch my drift) they also fry the heads for you! I love that!!!!  Lobster sashimi (live lobster done 2 to 3 ways a meal in itself) and so much more. By the way this place also gives you a TON of free stuff (like corn and cheese, mushrooms, salmon and others depending on the day)I kind of don't like the free stuff a little is cool but these guys give you so much!  I order what I feel I can eat but with all the extras I get REALLY really full but seriously WHO does that, oh I know the family who treats you like family (BTW if you come in once they will never forget your face talk about customer service)  they will feed you until you are stuffed and still ask if you want some more...
5	Authentic, fresh Japanese cuisine.  Generous appetizers compliments of the chef.  Traditional LIVE - fish served - as fresh as it gets.  Best Japanese restaurant off the LV Strip!  Priced perfectly!Stop in and get the fresh UNI!
5	I love the food and the owners Becky and Jimmy! Every time my family and I stop by for dinner we get treated like family. I have tried many sushi places but tokyo is by far my favorite just because of the wonderful service we receive and the quality of the food. Recommend the Mexican roll and the teriyakis.
1	I didn't eat here because I was sitting at the sushi bar for 5 to 7 min without any serving. Appx. only 20% of seats were occupied. Some waitress were even cleaning tables while I was waiting to be served. The Korean BBQ restaurant is next door and kitchen is same for both.Service was very poor
5	Cute place. Everyone was very nice and attentive to us. The sushi was very good, not to mention all the nice freebies: the edamame, miso soup, cucumber salad, and ice cream. You can't argue with free! We were looking for a cute sushi place downtown near home. Here it is!
5	Best sushi I've ever had.  Not the easiest to find, it's in the center of a strip mall plaza.  Food is superb.  Really good price too.  3 rolls and 2 teas  $35.
4	Was not sure about this place at first.  Neighborhood wasn't the best and when we walked in the place smelled like bleach, but when we ordered the food it was tasty.  They give you forms and you check what you want.  Interesting concept.
4	Mmm I have been going to Tokyo Sushi since I was a wee little one! They were Japanese owned before but now are owned by a nice Korean family! What I love about this place is that they hook it up with a lot of free service items especially if you are a returning guest or if you order a lot of food. I'm not a big fan of the rolls here but some of my MUST HAVES are the fresh live sweet shrimp (ama ebi) sashimi or nigiri, Sea Urchin (Uni) Nigiri & salmon skin handroll! Omg so good & so fresh! Tip: They also do live halibut sashimi Korean style with all the fixings!
5	I recently went here during the weekend, and can I just say.. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. The food, the service, and just the environment of the place. They told me that they're starting to open for lunch hour, and it's also ALL YOU CAN EAT as well. I'm definitely going here again soon because I need to try this out. Their food was spectacular. I usually get a 4 Deuces Roll. It has salmon on top, with some spicy crab and shrimp inside. I'm not that particular with cucumber so when I asked them to take it out, they happily took my order. And if some of you guys have been there already, they have this special sauce they put over the rolls which are like icing on the cake!If you are looking anywhere to eat some fresh sushi, lunch or dinner time, you should really find this place and eat here. It will be worth it, trust me!
3	Very interesting experience, even though I ordered the AYCE, it is quite different than most Japanese restaurants in Vegas. Not only I ate delicious nigiri but had a number of different sashimi, and unique rolls. Not all places have uni in the menu. Definitely a plus. I tried for the first time river shrimps, served like soft shell crabs -so different from regular shrimps. I sat in the bar and at one point the chef made me a very tasty roll with salmon roe, avocado and shrimp, not in the menu. Other customers were only Japanese, so I guess that is good...The restaurant is located in that ugly and god forsaken plaza in east Sahara, not far from lotus of Siam. The whole block is worth scouting, thou. There are at least 3 very worthy restaurants: lotus, komol and this one. My only complaint is that  fish was not consistently fresh. Some pieces seemed fresher than others, like they had been in the fridge for a while (ebi pieces is a good example).  The standout was, by far, uni and river shrimp, which make the restaurant a quite different experience. Finally, the menu looks more interesting that AYCE. I will definitely be back.
2	This is NOT authentic Japanese. it is a Korean style sushi restaurant that is a-ok. All you can eat sushi that is not wonderful but the price is right. If you wanna fill up your stomach by not spending money, this place might be ok. But sorry, I don't give more than 3 stars to any of all-u-can-eat places,,,. You get what you pay for, you know.
4	Great Value, really nice and welcoming people. Interesting appetizers, always try something new, then order the Sashimi deluxe. It is an incredible amount of fish. It's old school in a strange strip mall area with several restaurants, but it's pretty good and authentic.. um Korean owned. I went there the first time when I could not get into another favorite in that same area. Now I go back to Commercial Center and eat at several of the restaurants there. Also, if you sit at the sushi bar you might get a complimentary sake bomb...
5	I have driven by this place for years. I don't know know why I stopped. My friends were at the Thai Buffet. I was so pleasantly surprised! I like "americanized" sushi. I'm sorry. I like tacky rolls. They had interesting rolls and sides. Everything was FRESH. I has there mushroom side dish. It was beautiful in it's simplicity. Just grill mushrooms with butter. It was amazing.  The dynamite was different from other sushi places. But it was excellent. much lighter.Service was top notch. I can't wait to bring friends!
4	Go.  Eat.  Enjoy.All you can eat dinner menu (26.95) includes appetizers, sushi, fried and baked rolls, normal rolls, soup, entrees, you name it.  I am slowly breaking myself into the sushi scene, so this was a great place for us to go.  One thing to note- if you have too many leftovers they will charge you.  This is to deter you from wasting food, which is great, just make sure you order in spurts.  Here are the things we tried, and they were all delicious-GyozaSpring RollsPrince Albert Spicy Tuna Roll (fried)Beef TeriyakiSpicy Tuna RollQuail Egg ShooterUmm...a couple of other rolls.We left stuffed...clearly.The staff was super friendly.  The environment was decent.  It was a little bright but whatever.  I would suggest this to anyone looking for rolls.  Bring your appetite!
4	Visited Tokyo a few weeks ago when meeting up with a friend for lunch.  I'd suggested Komol for that heavenly herbal salad, but the friend wanted to try Tokyo instead.  I almost bailed but decided I'd go to Tokyo with him, and if I wasn't impressed I'd simply call Komol for an herbal salad to go.That wasn't necessary.On the outside I saw a big sign advertising their all you can eat prices.  I don't recall exactly what it was, but it seemed pretty standard pricing for a lunch AYCE ($21 or so).  I'll be honest, I don't really enjoy going to sushi restaurants unless I order AYCE.  It just bothers me to order rolls for $8-$12 a piece when I'm so used to the comfort of ordering and ordering and ordering and ordering knowing I'm paying one set price.  There's too much to choose from that I want to eat, that my brain can't handle having to pick and choose a few select items.  That being said, I treated myself to a more expensive lunch than I'm used to, to fully allow myself to enjoy the experience.I could never accurately describe everything I ate, but I must say I enjoyed nearly each and every item.  My order consisted of a handful of rolls, 3-4 orders of nigiri, and some side items like miso soup, gyoza, and a small piece of salmon teriyaki.  All of the fish tasted fresh and the side items were prepared as I'm used to at my favorite AYCE places like Sushi Mon on Maryland Parkway with the exception of maybe the salmon teriyaki which seemed overcooked to me.So give Tokyo a visit if you're into AYCE sushi, and if you don't like it as much as I did, remember you always have Komol next door.
5	I feel special every time visiting at Tokyo Japanese Restaurant. I am a typical sushi killer but if I come to this place, I feel so alive and sushi were very fresh. Owner and also a head chef at Tokyo Japanese Restaurant just made me a special roll which includes live halibut inside with spicy tuna and dried seaweed and uni outside. If you are thinking of quite place away from the strip for sushi and sashimi, please come and join Tokyo with me. This place is the best in Las Vegas!!!
4	Same name, same bat channel, and still serving fresh seafood, but now with the AYCE lunch ($21.95, 11:45am to 3pm) and dinner ($26.95 and starts at 3pm) options. It really is a no brainer to head over here for some Japanese cuisine if you are in the neighborhood.  The sushi chefs that were working tonight are not the A-crew (death in the family prevented the boss from being there this week), but the food prepared and served looked wonderful and tasted great.Highlights of the dinner AYCE (typically not served elsewhere or items worthy of a special shout out):6 pieces of sashimi (tuna, salmon, yellowtail, albacore, white fish)6 pieces of spicy sashimiUni Shooter (usually not on the AYCE menu; packs a little heat)Korean B.B.Q. Ribs - operated by Koreans,so they know their kalbi.Fresh Scallop (Hotategai) - can't be torched, but it was very good.Fresh OysterMushroom Yaki (Grilled King Oyster Mushroom with Butter)I ordered most of my usual sushi and special requested some hand roll (temaki), that the sushi chefs were able to accommodate without missing a beat.Service was good.  The waitstaff cleared away the used plates and refilled the beverage without prompting.Would I recommend this restaurant? You betcha!4 stars.
1	My wife and I had the dinner all you can eat sushi last week. The sushi was bland and all the rolls seemed to taste the same. The restaurant is full of ROACHES.... On the floor, on the walls , on the table top!!! Avoid this place please
4	Boy did we get lucky with all the Japanese restaurants we visited whilst in the U.S. and this was no different.  Friendly service, great food with delicious flavours....and so fresh.
2	We have been eating here for the last 7 years during CES.  It was always amazing.  We always looked forward to it.  However, the latest reviews I read prior to dining here the first week of 2013 indicated a decline in standards.  Unfortunately, I have to agree with those reviews.  The sushi was still very tasty.  Seafood still nice and fresh. The presentation was still gorgeous. The art of sushi as it affects quality is on the downhill slide.  The rolls were somewhat sloppy.  About 50% of the pieces fell apart when we tried to pick them up.  If they continue with this, they'll be forced to serve the sushi with a spoon. The edamame, Shumai and miso soup were all served at barely above room temperature.  A huge disappointment for such simple principles. Hot food- hot.  Cold food- cold.  As usual, the service was great and all the staff is very charming.  It makes me sad to think that we'll likely have to find a new sushi joint for next year.
4	Who knew you could get GOOD all you can eat sushi in the middle of the desert? I sure didn't until I started YELPING around and found this little gem!I'm in Vegas working a conference this week, and my colleagues and I were looking for a nice, reasonably priced option for dinner. We thought Japanese sounded good, so I started looking and found Tokyo Japanese restaurant. Unfortunately, I can't eat fish anymore (digestive stuff) but the rest of my party said the quality was top notch (and it sure looked good!)...They also have some teriyaki and breaded katsu pork cutlets. These weren't AS good - but come on, it's a sushi place. Totally reasonable for all you can eat (and includes salads, meso soup and a scoop of ice cream!) anywhere---let alone just off the strip in Vegas!Check it out if you're craving sushi but don't wanna pay crazy Vegas prices! It's a little tough to find, but worth the search!
5	The best sashimi in Vegas. Fresh live sweet shrimp, fresh Uni still in the shell, live lobster sashimi. It's amazing I would eat here everyday if I lived closer.
1	I used to eat at this restaurant almost every week , years ago and it was really good. Not anymore. I went in yesterday for the lunch all you can eat sushi. The chefs where  rude. The place stunk of pine sol cleaning fluid so bad my eyes where watering so I asked to  be moved near the front door where the smell was less strong. After haveing a couple rolls that where average at best I went to the restroom where there was a bucket of roaches floating around in water. At that point I called it a day. Never again will I eat at this place.
4	Stumbled onto this place while looking for a thai restaurant! We sure were happy! All you can eat dinner was great! Sweet shrimp was so good! Sashimi was fresh. The oyster shooter was impeccable! The UNI was super fresh and good! Service was great! The only thing that will make this place much better is if they do a better job with the rice. It needs to be cooked a bit longer and warm.
1	Ok, guys, seriously im not sure whats going on with the review. This place is nasty!! If your looking for fresh fish, this is not a place for you. I'm sensitive when it comes to seafood and this place serve frozen fish ALL THE WAY. owner was friendly but thats about it. We had a new server messed up every order (which is ok) but just the food quality was BAD. we had 2 orders of the same sashimi and they came out differently?! (frozen) soft shell crabs was fried poorly, very oily (frozen). The only good one is sweet shrimp, it is fresh. Uni came out the nastest color I've ever seen. It was dark yellow, brownish color ......ewwwwwww!! We waited 5 mins to get our tea, 10 mins for our first order then another 10 mins and 15 mins......at the end of it we just walked out with full of plates on the table. I see the majority of customers are American...maybe that's where the 4 stars came from, no offensive but that's the only reason i can see why.This place has officially on my worse top 3 list for sushi in Vegas consider I eat out 2-4 times week.....thats pretty bad.
4	AYCE sushi joint in Vegas.  Affordable and pretty decent service.  The waitress was very nice and accomodating to our party.  Worth checking out for sure!
3	The environment is ok, but the light is little but dark, make me want to sleep. Haha. Ok, anyway, quite loos like a Japanese style restaurant, but it's strange have some Korean words. They have provided the 'all you can eat' package for the lunch and dinner time. And 'the all you can eat' for the kids just need to pay half price of the adult. Quite good, not bad. Adult price of the all you can, lunch:$21.95 dinner:$26.95The service is good, but the food come out  is little but slow. But the waiter is take care of customers ;) but the environment is silent :)
5	This place is so damn good!! The food was delicious and the presentation was perfect! The all you can eat sushi option is the best one I recommend it for those heavy hitters lol The thing that I loved the most was the traditional Japanese dinner tables located in the very back with the oriental pillows. I think everyone should try this place.enjoy :D
4	If you want live Halibut sashimi, sea snail & giant shrimp, this is the place. You can pick your victims from their live tank ;)They also have all you can eat sushi and very large a la cart menu.Great service and friendly staff.
5	This place was great! When walking in I felt like I was transported to Asia! Having been to Tokyo multiple times I loved the authentic feel. The food was really good as well! Definitely will go back to this place
4	I love that Japan is a world of nonsense and absurdity. I fully embrace things like a restaurant only playing ABBA. And if that is what you are looking for, then Tokyo Japanese Restaurant completely delivers on that front. The sushi and other dishes are all solid, but nothing really blew me away. And for that reason, if it was not for the great and friendly service (and the ABBA), I would give this joint three stars. The service was so spot-on, with all of the staff willing to help out on anything you may need. We went with the all-you-can-eat menu, which has a great variety of apps, dishes, and sushi. At $27 a person, it is a fairly decent deal, and let's you order at will. Insider Tip: If you are the height of a normal American male, watch your head on the hanging lanterns.
4	Ladies and Gentlement, Start Your Engines!  You have 90 minutes to eat at the Tokyo Japanese Restaurant AYCE menu!  Ready-Set-Go!!!My cousins were in town from Hawaii and we all wanted to get some Japanese food, but didn't want to fight the crowds at the large popular hotel chains.  Tokyo Restaurant is located about 1-2 miles off the main strip. First thing you need to know is that this restaurant is more home-style cooking. Restaurant owner, Becky, was a nice but a firm Korean lady.  She has owned the restaurant for 9 years.    I ordered the AYCE Dinner ($26.95) and was given a 90 minute time limit on my meal.  No problem.   All dishes are mini tapa-style plates, and the sushi orders are about 1/2 size of what is normally given in regular sushi bars.  Fun, as you can try many different things with plates this size.  Eat, to the pumping sounds of ABBA playing in the background.Sashimi Plate:  A combination of hamachi, maguro, salmon, tai snapper, and several other fishes.  This was probably the highlight of my meal.  Nice fish and beautifully presented.  Grade:  A-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#kg6j-ewkDX6ygzsDtUuRUQGrilled Hamachi:  A 3"x3" piece of grilled Hamachi yellowfin tuna.  The fish was a bit tough, not because it was over-cooked.  I don't know if it was the quality piece of meat.  Grade:  Chttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#RPqgVOKjCs6iB2G4aCXhhgGrilled Saba:  A 3"x3" piece of mackerel grilled.  Nice flavor, but again, may not have been the quality piece of meat.  Grade:  Chttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#XM1z19dOYh5xOoXfnPCyJgSpicy Sashimi Plate:  Koreans call this hwe dol bop.  It's a few pieces of fish sashimi tossed in korean hot paste, served on a bed of lettuce.  Fun to eat.  Grade:  BSpicy Tuna Sushi:   Bits of tuna mixed with spicy sauce. Little flavor.  Grade:  CScallop Sushi: Paper-thin scallops topped sushi.  Grade:  Bhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#T_QEUfdmEiP2-7o9JWCeLwShrimp & veggie tempura:  Two pieces of shrimp and three pieces of pumpkin tempura, served with a dipping sauce.  Another one of my least favorite dishes.  The shrimp was tough and chewy.  Grade:  Chttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#cAB5ziDvm1ss_OaT4RiNaQGarlic Ahi sushi:   WAHOO!  This was the bomb!  This was maguro sashimi topped with some kind of garlic paste.  Delicious, flavorful, awesome!  Grade:  A!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#ghvX6UwmxCi6e46uaP_ZYgUni / Sea Urchin:  Delicous, but a bit skimpy serving of sea urchin.  Tasted like it was topped with a bit of truffle.   Grade:  A-Uni Shooter:  A piece of uni in a shot glass, filled with ponzu sauce and spicy sauce.  Topped with green onions.  Grade:  Bhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#Keu64HHs2kP4olzXFa17cwHamachi sushi: good pieces of yellow tail ahi served on a minimal piece of rice.  Grade:   B+http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#nMHxlfLj691YInD-HJX1IAIkura / Salmon Eggs:  Super salty (in a good way) salmon eggs, and again it tasted like it was topped with truffle.  Nice.  Grade:  B-Amaebi / Sweet Shrimp:  Two pieces of sweet shrimp sushi, accompanied by it's heads being fried.   The shrimp was a bit old-tasting, but yet still fun to eat.  Grade:  B-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#9bKQ1lDhjkmLWRTtWSknLAHamachi Lover Roll:  Krab sushi roll topped with hamachi.  Little flavor, not a favorite.  Grade:  C+http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tokyo-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#QrhveoJdp82xp_zkX4Z4DgThe meal comes with ice cream - vanilla, green tea, and a few others.What I liked best about the restaurant, was that it was a family-owned environment.  Everyone is welcomed.  One of the female patrons sitting at the sushi bar stood up and shouted.  Then she went around the sushi bar and ended up head-butting her head on the glass counter.   This caused 7-8 glasses of Sake-Beer shooter glasses (*prepared by the sushi chef) to foam immensely.  Everyone at the bar, including the sushi chefs, yelled GAMBATTE and everyone grabbed a glass and shot the sake-beer drink.  Lady - I hope your head is OK as that was a pretty big bang on the sushi bar.  Impressive!Food Grade:  B / B+Service Grade:  A-  (Thanks, Aaron!)Worth the money Grade:  B+Overall Impression:
5	The best sushi I've ever had! Everything tasted fresh and looked beautiful! All you can eat is worth every penny! The sushi chefs were super helpful & nice. The mochi dessert is a must have. Will definitely return next time I visit Vegas.
3	We love hitting up restaurants that are way off-strip and WAY less expensive whenever we're in Vegas. We decided to go for some Japanese one night. Took us awhile to find this spot because of course our GPS got us lost. This restaurant is located in this dinky, scary-looking shopping center with the biggest parking lot ever and not enough stores opened. We knew we were in for some good food considering our lives were probably in danger once we parked here. (Hole-in-the-walls are awesome)Walking into this restaurant I noticed how run-down and old the interior was. We were seated at this booth and the wallpaper was peeling and probably had some mold back there. Eeeeeep! Not the kind of hole-in-the-wall I was expecting!I didn't feel like doing AYCE like the bf did but opted for their salmon teriyaki which came with a salad, soup, tempura and some rice. My food came out way later than the bf's order since he ordered off the AYCE menu. I'd have to say, I was still pretty hungry after my meal but definitely didn't wanna be stuffed and looking like a balloon later that night for our clubbing adventure. I feel like some of the fish they serve here isn't the freshest and the way they cut their sushi wasn't too generous either. I liked the K-Pop music videos they had playing while we were grubbing.I also liked the fact that this place was almost completely empty when we walked in.But then again...maybe there's a reason why it was empty (the food! bleh!)
2	I got the tempura dinner special with rice, miso soup and edamame.The batter was WAY too thick,the vegetable tempura was so mundane (white onion, broccoli, green bell pepper; leftovers from stir-fry???) and it was in a big pile, so visually unappetizing.
2	We got the all you can eat option. I was very happy to see sashimi on the menu. Our server was great. The food came out pretty slow, but it was a Friday night after all. The nigiri was good, but everything else we ordered was average. I wrote this review bc of the sashimi they gave us. The pieces were leftover odds and ends. We had two thin slivers of red snapper, a piece of salmon the size of a square pinky, and all the pieces had muscle fibers that were chewy. I couldn't believe they would serve that. They should be embarrassed.
1	I have been reading recent reviews and note that several of them are less-than-complimentary. Looks like this place is continuing its downward spiral in food quality and quantity. We have some out-of-town guests and were planning to have dinner there tonight, but we have decided to find another place to eat instead. The last time we ate at Tokyo Japanese Restaurant, the BBQ meat was chewy and full of gristle and the salmon piece was skimpy and scrawny. Prices were the same, though. So obviously they are decreasing quantity and quality and they think the public doesn't notice! Keep this up and they will notice a drastic decline in business!UPDATE: Found a place to go! It's called Ohjah Japanese Steakhouse. Their prices are actually less than Tokyo's prices and I see so many positive reviews on Ohjah. Looking forward to trying them out!
5	Awesome Sushi, Off the main strip but worth the short drive. Fresh, Nice, Wonderful people. Will recommend to everyone.
5	My family and my family's, family go here a lot. I always order the chicken teriyaki or the tempura. They have awesome sushi and a very good selection. Like any Japanese sushi restaurant it can get pricey especially if you start ordering different sushi plates. At the end of dinner I always get green tea ice cream, they give you the option of getting red bean and green tea. Haven't been here for probably a year or so since I moved away and apparently they are closed for now because they are moving to a new location in vegas. The area where it's located in commercial center is not the prettiest location but this place was so worth going to. The waiters even wear kimonos when they wait on you.
4	Update on Aug 8th, 2014.. it's closed! :'[But last time, I came here for lunch with a friend in the afternoon on a Saturday....And it was pretty much EMPTY. (Aside from one other table) we were greeted and seated right away. The decor was nice, and the server was friendly and attentive. (Then again, we ended up being the only people in here). I ordered the Nabeyaki udon and a popcorn roll. The udon was quite good; chewy noodles and flavorful broth. However almost every other place I've had the popcorn roll, it's warm but this place prepared it cold, and the pieces of "lobster" were cold as well. (Not my preference) My teeth felt like they were going to shatter going back and forth between piping hot soup and refrigerated roll :/ sort of felt like they made the roll the night before and just pulled it out of the fridge..other than that, they actually gave us a small order of sliced mushrooms fried with some butter on the house!
