5	The hubster and I didn't get a chance to try this truck at the ill-fated Street Eats Food Truck Festival. Alas, we were destined to part of the crowd that went hungry, unsatisfied and without feeling in our legs after standing in a line for 3.5 hours only to get to try ONE truck. So thank the stars that aligned and brought us to a local event this past Sunday where Lunch Libre was parked and...behold...there wasn't a line a mile deep! We immediately placed our order before our luck could change and managed to try their potato/chile quesadilla and their chicken torta sandwich. We are sooooo glad we got a second chance to try this food truck! Hubby and I were both super impressed with how fresh and flavorful the salsa and veggies tasted. They really added to the quesadilla and sandwich instead of being simple filler. After polishing off my entire quesadilla in a few giant bites, I told my husband that I could see myself craving this again...translation: we MUST begin stalking LL asap.The bonus to this truck is how nice the owners are. They were super friendly and really made you feel like you were enjoying a home made meal. The pride in their food was obvious and contributed to our overall experience. We can't wait to try more menu items!
5	Luncha Libre catered my business event last evening (2/7). The food, the service, and the presentation was most excellent. My expectations were exceeded. This was a VIP event and PR was a premium for me. Luncha Libre was the hit of the evening and seemed to be a natural extension of who we represent ourselves to be.The building management has some fairly strict policies for caterers; no problem for Lunch Libre. They are totally professional not only up front, but back behind the scenes where attention to details can make or break a deal. These people were on their "A" game the whole way.I highly recommend Luncha Libre and we will be calling upon them again for all of our future catered events.
5	I have had the sheer luck of being able to enjoy Luncha Libra on many different occasions. I have to tell you their food and service is OUTSTANDING! I have been known to drive downtown from Anthem just to get these tasty morsels across my lips! There is always a tasty variety of things to choose from, and the menu changes daily. Ohh, almost forgot...portion size is great! These guys will really spice things up for you too, just ask! Long story short, try them!!! There is no way you will walk away disappointed!
5	It's not often I say this about any food.... but Luncha Libre blows me away every time. Everything I get is a new party in my mouth. Every bite is an explosion of bliss.  I know this sounds dramatic, like I'm going over the top here. Try it, I guarantee you will have the same experience. If you like it mild, it's great, but these guys turn up the heat with some of their salsas, so ask for it to burn! Luncha Libre is awesome, check them out!
5	I have had the sheer luck of being able to enjoy Luncha Libra on many different occasions. I have to tell you their food and service is OUTSTANDING! I have been known to drive downtown from Anthem just to get these tasty morsels across my lips! There is always a tasty variety of things to choose from, and the menu changes daily. Ohh, almost forgot...portion size is great! These guys will really spice things up for you too, just ask! Long story short, try them!!! There is no way you will walk away disappointed!
5	I love this food truck.  The chorizo they serve is amongst the best I've had.  I took my boyfriend to the truck - he was a skeptic about how good and amazing food can be from a truck - now he's a convert.  Treat yourself and eat anything they have on their menu... it's worth it.  YUM!!!
3	Luncha Libre was one of the three food trucks available for good eats at the Adult's Night Out/Play Date at the Children's Museum.  I tried the Koreadilla ($9.50), a beef bulgolgi quesadilla with fresh jalapeno, shredded cabbage, and jack cheese.  It came with a side of salsa and chips.  The tortilla was nicely toasted.  The meat was nice and tender, and had a good amount of sauce covering it.  The sauce itself tasted too much of Hoisin sauce rather than Korean bulgolgi though, and the salsa, while cool and refreshing, was a bit bland and very mild to me.  It took about 10 minutes for the quesadilla to be made, and there was a steady stream of customers ordering.  As for drinks, they offer a selection of sodas and water ($1 for soda).  I'd like to try more Mexican creations from them again, but probably not the Korean style items (I've been spoiled by the awesome Korean/Mexican food at KoMex Restaurant in Las Vegas).
5	The best food truck around! Amazingly delicious quesadillas; mouth-watering agua frescas; and by far some of the best salsa I've ever had. It's fire roasted and when paired with their freshly made chips, it's heaven.Best part about this food truck? They're very active on social so if you give suggestions or feedback, they'll acknowledge you. They made horchata on request for me and gave me a free jar. They now know me and my coworkers by name. Great service and even better food.
4	The toasty perfection of the tortilla is what sets Luncha Libre's 'dillas apart from the rest. I had the Carne Asada 'dilla and the tort was a little charred, a little sweet and was imparted with all the flavors from the grill.   I would buy a side order of grill toasted tortilla chips if it was an option. I also had the orange blossom tea and was given a large mason jar to keep and return for refills and a buck off my future visits. Now how good is that?!Mondays: Lunch at Luhr's (Alley) - Downtown Phoenix
4	Yum!A girlfriend and I planned a lunch date for Tuesday. Not too sure where we were meeting, but I noticed she commented on Luncha Libre's facebook page that morning. They were set to be across the street from her office, so we decided that would be a perfect little lunch.She ordered the papaverde (potato and green chile) quesadilla and I had the grilled chicken - with the plan to share so we could try both. We both inhaled our food so quickly we forgot the sharing plan! She said hers was fantastic, and I am enamored with the citrus marinated chicken.Portions were a bit smaller than I was expecting for the $8.50, but the quality is definitely there!I also ordered the honey vanilla iced tea (served in mason jar for $4.00, but with $1.00 off if I bring the jar back for refills) - it was subtle and delicious!Definitely a nice add to the food truck scene - I look forward to trying more of their offerings!
4	Mmmmmm quesadilla...........Tried these guys at the ASU food truck block party. So delicious. I couldt decide between the deliciousness I got or another item, but since the girl taking my order (super nice) proclaimed that said deliciousness is her fave item they serve, I had to try it. Potatoes...in a quesadilla? She honestly couldve just told me that and I wouldve still been sold.My friend, however, got the chefs secret special... holy god was it good. Totaly worth what he paid for it.Cant wait til next Wed when I can try the chefs secret special for myself along w/ one of their Luncha-ritas!
4	Ohhhhh   Yeeeeeahhhhh!  Now we are talking!!   For me when I am hungry and unsure what to eat at home I turn to making a trusty quesadilla.  Warm, crispy, cheesy goodness that satisfies my hunger.   But there are times I do crave something more and Luncha Libre does that for me.  It fills a need, comforts me in a moment of indecision and feeds my hunger.  Crispy tortillas filled with a variety of creative flavor combinations of meats, cheese and veggies.  [I have also seen hamburgers on their menu but I have yet to try them.]   My favorite go to is their Papa y Verde.  Warm [Hot] nicely fried potatoes with cheese and green chile.  Comfort food goodness.  They also have these amazing drinks in various flavors.  Some are like the traditional Agua Fresca you would find at a Mexican restaurant and others more sophisticated like mint green tea.    The coolest part (depending on how you look at it) is they are served in a cool reusable multi-purpose class canning jar.  I use them when they get home but for some carrying around a jar around 1st Friday after you have finished your drink can be a bit of a 'burden' .They are a great balance of  simple complexity and complex simplicity.Luncha does not disappoint.
4	This is the second time I eat here, the first time was surprisingly delicious, and this time, the food kept its momentum, it was also delicious. I didn't get a chance to try the Papa+Verde, which seems to be very popular because after waiting in line for a long time, when I finally was able to put in my order, they had run out, so I went with the Alejandro The Great Quesadilla, which was Gyro beef, Kalamata Olives, Feta & melting cheese. Was really yummy, and also got the Mango/Peach I believe in the mason jar. The drink was pretty expensive at $4 each, but you get to keep the huge jar, and can bring it back next time for a $1 refill, not bad!!  Will be back to try the Papas-Verdes!!
5	Had the pleasure of trying Luncha Libre today at the Coronado home tour. I admit I was skeptical. I mean, it's a quesadilla. Tortilla and stuff in it. Had it hundred of time after living in Houston all my life and now Phoenix. Well done Luncha Libre. Well done! The tortilla was perfectly crispy, everything was held together nicely. It wasn't that sloppy-everything-falls-out-in1-bite quesadilla. Flavors were great. I had the Marco Pollo (clever name) - which was a chicken quesadilla, pico de gallo, and hoisin sauce. Thus the clever Marco Polo pun of Asian fusion. I added a little sriracha and more cilantro in mine and it was perfection! The balance of spicy of sriracha and pico de gallo, the sweetness of the hoisin, and plentiful amount of chicken to entertain my taste buds. Simply great trucking food!
5	Mac Daddy Quesadilla is Da BOMB!!  Omg I will eat this every time they have it.  Please don't change anything it's perfect just the way it is.
5	Ohhhh Luncha Libre, I love all of the wonderful, greasy, gluttonous goodness that comes out of your food truck! The food combinations are unique and delicious, with some items having a bit of a Latin/Asian fusion. The guys inside are usually incredibly busy but they're always friendly and fast. The salsa has a good kick to it and the chips are freshly made. I am always happy when I see Luncha Libre around. And I'm always happier after I eat there.
5	My experience of eating from Luncha Libre was memorable yet foggy ...I was at a beer festival at Heritage Square last December. After a few hours of countless free beer tastings I was walking sideways and chatting up way too many strangers. My husband went on a mission to find something other than beer to fill my belly.He comes back with a paper tray and said "Here. Vegetarian quesadillas." I took a bite. 'Angels singing' ... then the heat creeped up. I started devouring it. My friends came over and started tearing pieces off like the rude, ravenous hyenas they are. I turned and ran for cover behind an abandoned beer tent and finished off my quesadillas in a dark corner. Really it was reminiscent of that "Nature " show on PBS. I polished them off and then proceeded to lick my fingers. By the time my husband found me I was in a happy belly trance.So yes, I will seek Luncha Libra for some more of their delicious food. If they let me after that very un-ladylike behavior...
3	This is the second food truck I've tried since the craze hit Phoenix and I still just don't get it. Now, the food was great (I got the Pot Head[?] Quesadilla - cheese, potatoes, spinach, green hatch chilis but sans pico for me, and it came with chips and salsa) and the service was friendly but it was a bit overpriced ($8 for single tortilla folded in half and a small handful of chips) for the amount of food and ingredients (including a meat in it would have made it worth it, perhaps, but that was for another $1). I give them credit for the great tortilla and chips, obviously home made as it was fresh and moist, and including plenty of cheese - plus being able to pay with my card instead of relying on cash -, but I wouldn't try it again. I was sad they didn't have the lemonade in mason jars they're supposedly famous for since this was at the Four Peaks 16th anniversary party - I asked and she said no because there's beer. I realise I was at an event for a brewery but that doesn't necessarily mean I'm drinking.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this food truck!  I have been many times, the Arizona Cheesecake is one of my favorites and it a delicious spicy cheese steak sandwich.  I have also had the Vietnamese taco's which were amazing, the steak and bleu and the Thai'd up.  Everything is so good, it is hard to decide what I want anytime I go.  The drinks are super as well.  Fresh and tasty, so good on a hot summer day!  I recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something delicious, because you will not be disappointed!
5	My husband and I first tried this food truck while at Urban Cookies, and now .... we log on at least weekly to see where we can follow them to. Ya, it can be a little pricey, but soooo worth it. And the luncharitas are amazing!
5	Ok, I finally got food from Luncha Libre and it was phenemonal, one of the best hamburgers I've had in my life! It was cooked and seasoned perfectly, great quality of meat, fantastic toppings, and it was a great size.The Luncharitas are one of my favorite things on earth and if I could only drink 1 thing for the rest of my life those would be what I choose.
5	Oh man.I almost wish Luncha Libre was at a non-mobile location so I could visit anytime I wanted.  The luncharitas are refreshing, and I love that you can keep the mason jar afterwards.I have dreams of the Papa Verde quesadilla.  Dreams.The Luncha Libre Food Truck is worth visiting even on a 110+ degree day.  You can also follow their Facebook page for new food items!
5	[Sigh]I had to share my meal. I'm an idiot. (But if you know me you already knew that. But seriously -  Never give up the FORK POWER!)Luncha Libra was at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan. I'm going to keep an ear to the ground to see where these kids are around town. GOOD STUFF!All Thai'D Up" (Ha!)Consisted of citrus marinated chicken, serranos, onions (no one needs to kiss me, food is involved! carry on), jack cheese and sweet thai chile sauce. When there's a feeding frenzy going on it isn't pretty. (Hey, the FOOD WAS GOOD!)When asked if "regular" was ok we nodded. "Eh?" Turns out that "spicy" really would have been a kick in the pants. And this is from the kid who grew up sucking on Taco Bell extra hot packets. And the adult who has an established relationship with Sriracha.(Listen, I have a very myopic view on life: Food/booze, the gym, fashion and beauty products. Women understand. Spice goes well with food. These guys totally have the hot market cornered!)Biting into the Quesadilla was a delightful mix of textures and flavors. The tortilla was thicker than I expected and had a slight crunch to the outside. (None of the expected goopy mushiness that can happen with so many other quesadillas.) The chicken had been grilled and I can't do justice to describe how wonderful the taste was. Which really just means YOU SHOULD EAT THIS. Yeah, pretty much. I'm sitting here trying to articulate how great my eating experience was. Words fail right now. I should have whipped out my Yelp pen. But NO. I was too busy STUFFING MY FACE. Yeah. That.Oh! Drinks are really good. They have some fancy sounding drinks (which I can't find on their menu) that come in a mason jar. The Guava something - Hoh My. YUM!High Five for This Food Truck!
4	I had the Thai chicken quesadilla for lunch.  It was everything I expected and more!  Delicious crispy tortilla on the outside and warm melty cheese with plenty of chicken and onions inside.  The only thing I didn't like that much was that the Thai sauce was a little too sweet.  I really loved the salsa they served on the side, and the chips were great too although a tad too thick for my liking.  I am full and happy now.
4	Yum! What drew me in far and away were the beautiful luncharitas in all of their tasty looking splendor! I couldn't stand watching everyone drinking them all around me and not try one of my own. They are as delicious a they look and you won't be disappointed. Their All Thai'd Up quesadilla is to die for! Anything with thai sweet chili sauce is OK by me! And their churros are delectable as well. I only gave them 4 stars for a couple of reasons. I wasn't particularly impressed with their Steak and Blue quesadilla, it seemed a bit bland when I had it. Their menu is pricey! 4 dollars for a drink is a lot. Yes I know you get a glass, but what if you don't want it. You should be able to walk back and get your dollar back that day, not a promise of a credit on your next one. Lastly the line can be absolutely atrocious. Now I know it's hard to hate because they are so popular, but it seems there might be a more efficient way to manage the line. Maybe a line just for luncharitas, so those wanting only drinks didn't have to wait in the full food line. Just an idea. All in all I love this place, love supporting local business, and eating yummy food! COME TO THE WEST VALLEY!
4	Finally broke down and tried Luncha Libre at this past Saturday's Food Truck Caravan in Scottsdale.  What the hell have I been waiting for!? I had the Steak and Blue - Cause 2 of my loves are STEAK and moldy cheese goodness.  J and the Thai'D Up, which he said was nice and spicy.A little bit on the pricey side for the portion, but you'll wont go hungry after eating 1 quesadilla.  Had a strawberry banana Luncharita...which was super tasty!  Pretty nifty putting them in glass mason jars.  And I hear tell that if you bring the mason jar back, you'll get $1 off your next visit!  I think we'll return
5	Now I know I just wrote a review of L.L. last week, but we went to the P.P.M. last night and had L.L. again.  Update from 4 to now 5 stars.  Why?  Because of a few things which I'm going to list right now:1 - Integrity.We brought our 2 mason jars back last night and were due to get a $1 off each  Luncharita.  We had asked, and the guy confirmed that it was $1 if you brought a jar back.  We sat the jars down on the table and thought nothing of it, thinking we'd get our discount.  Well I guess we didn't. When we ordered, he asked if I wanted a receipt, but I said it wasn't necessary.  The guy noticed the jars on the table when I went up to get our food and said.."Wow, I completely forgot to give you your $2 off for the jars."  He handed J 2 $1.00 bills after he helped me walk our food to the table.     2 - Benevolence. While we were up at the table deciding on our order, I noticed a flier on the table.  They're donating a portion of August's sales to the Hey Joe family (cant remember the husband/wife's names) to help out with their medical costs.  Hey Joe's wife was just diagnosed with cancer.   There truly is a great camaraderie among some of the food trucks owner/operators.    Our order last night - 2 Luncharitas, 1 Steak and Blue (super awesome), and 1 Papas con Chorizo (super awesome with great flavor/seasoning).  If you haven't tried Luncha Libre yet...you should be beaten.. with a tortilla.
4	Great Food Truck Friday experience at Luncha Libre! I had the Steak and Bleu which came with a side of chips and homemade salsa. It was delicious! Definitely interested in trying other menu items...
5	Had the Steak and bleu Quesadilla today, absolutely phenomenal!!!!!!! Tortilla home made and fantastic, inside filling to die for! Chips and salsa delicious!!!!!!! SOOOOOO Glad I had this for lunch!!!!! Definitely eating their food again!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Lunche Libre ! You now found a new stalker ! I was fortunate enough to live near two schools they stopped off at the past two weeks. Both times I had the Steak and Blue quesadilla. The Carne Asada was delicious and the combination of everything in it was perfect. I've had the Aqua Frescas in the past and they are a must.
5	Today I had THE BEST lunch experience ever!  I had the Steak and Bleu Quesadilla along with a Mango Coconut Luncharita. Homemade chips and pico are included.  It was very satisfying and VERY filling!  All was made by Tim Cobb and his crew at Luncha Libre Gourmet Food Truck.  Those working at the truck are funny, and yet very professional at the same time. I have been to this truck a couple of prior times.  Usually I whimp out and get a plain cheese quesadilla.  I am glad today I decided to go for it and try something different!!  Their service is always quick and quality is always 100% As a matter of fact today, my food looked so good that someone stopped me and asked me where I got my lunch!  Awesome job, Tim and crew!  Quality people making quality food. That's what you get at Luncha Libre Gourmet Food Truck!!  I now have a new favorite place to eat!
5	EDIT ok whats the deal here, you guys all afraid of food trucks for some reason? This was some of the best quesadillas I have ever had! You guys are seriously missing out if your cutting out food trucks ... Granted I dont go hunt them down, but Im always game to try em out when the opportunity presents itself!This truck was brought in by our work. I had the "all thai'd up" along with the orange blossom luncharita. Both were phenomenal! Good big portion, a bit of spice to make you sniff, and some sweet honey to mellow it out. Definately would order again!!
5	Love at first bite! Papa Verde de mi corazon! Translation: Green Potato (not dad, lol) of my heart! I've been stalking this food truck for a while via their location texts (you can sign up for them on their website) & had yet to be close enough to give them a try.... UNTIL I went to the Science Center and BAM!! There they were, just waiting for me :DWhen in doubt, I ask for recommendations. The guy taking my order told me his favorite quesadilla was the Papa Verde with chicken. So I said "I'll take that!". To tell you the truth, it looked like a common quesadilla in it's little box, but ohhhhh, sirree!!! It was anything but common! It was a burst of flavor with every bite & the potato and green chile sauce really made it awesome! They had run out of Horchata, which I REALLY wanted to try, so I got the limeade. It was yummy! Fresh with just the right amount of sweet and tart. I also really like that it came in a mason jar :)
5	Luncha Libre is my usual stop for Food Truck Friday. I can't get enough of their Steak and Bleu quesadilla: Carne Asada and Bleu cheese with chips and salsa? SO DAMN good!They have other varieties as well including the All Thai'd Up, which is chicken with an Asian twist. Sounds good but as far as I'm concerned, if it ain't broke don't fix it. I'll stick with my Steak and Bleu, thank you very much.LOVE YOU GUYS!
3	First of all, I'm not a fan of the price for a small/easy quesadilla.  I am a fan of the potatoes and green chile quesadilla I had because I think the combo and smell was really great.  I ordered thinking it was going to be some type of gooey green sauce, but instead it's like grilled sliced potatoes and strips of green chile and pico de gallo mix (onions/tomatoe).  As soon as I opened the little box it smelled so yummy!I also had the orange/mango drink which tasted like kool-aid or some type of powder mix....I guess it thought it would be like a fresh ingredients type of drink with a little pulp or something..  Anyhow, the glass it comes in is really big and can be used to store other things.  From reading other reviews I understand if you take it back you get a $1 off your next order?  I would never had known that because no one told me when I ordered it :($12 dollars total for lunch...and I picked up 3 cupcakes from Urban Cookies! Yummy...  Apparently if you follow them on Facebook sometimes they give you a code word or something to get a free cupcake!
5	Went tonight during CCV's Neon Dash. Food was awesome, as usual. Staff was plentiful, friendly, and attentive.  Had my usual...... Steak and Bleu with chips. Also had a churro this time. It was more than enough to eat!  Leftovers for lunch tomorrow. Son had Carnae Asada and a churro. Mango Lemonades for both of us. Thanks Tim, Kim, and crew for a great time!
5	So we were wondering around First Friday last night 2/7/2014, and our 8 year old decided he was starving.  Tucked in behind a couple of galleries was the Luncha Libre truck.  The menu looked enticing and we were not let down.  I had the Steak & Bleu Quesadilla and it was absolutely delicious. My husband had Alejandro The Great and it to was yummy.  Our son had a chicken and cheese that he devoured. The quesadillas all came with a side of homemade chips and salsa that were much better than most you would find in a resturant  We also tried the homemade drinks of a black iced tea, a peach iced tea and a lemonade.  All of the drinks were served in large Mason Jars with the lid on.  Talk about a totally unique food experience.  We thought the pricing was pretty fair for the portion size that we got. From the gentleman taking our order who was friendly and had a great sense of humor to the amazing chef inside.  We totally loved our experience and may have to start stalking this truck.
5	I started my love of food trucks with Luncha Libre. On a random visit to Urban Cookies I noticed there was a food truck that had a luchador painted on the side. Being Mexican, I was instantly curious. So I grabbed a quesadilla. I was in heaven. It was delicious. The salsa was perfect and the quesadilla was just the right size for lunch. I even grabbed one of their luncharitas. Also delicious. I'm lucky to live nearby a few of their stops so I try to stop whenever possible, although these days fewer times than I'd like thanks to my waistline. If my pants allowed it, I think I could eat at their truck everyday. I should confess, that quesadillas are one of my favorite foods, but even then, luncha libre's are the best. Their staff is always super friendly and they get you your food fairly quickly. My favorite is the their steak and blue but my husband swears by their hamburgers. Be warned, these might induce a nap/coma. They're big and delicious. You can follow them on facebook, twitter, and instagram to learn their stops for the day.
4	Kind of expensive. The drinks are fun and good. The food was good. Fresh salsa and chips and very flavorful quesadillas. Fairly quick service and very friendly.
5	Have been following these guys for awhile now on Twitter getting ready for our upcoming, now over :( vacation to Phoenix. Lucky for us we were in town for the Scottsdale Art Festival and their usual Friday stop on 7th Street in Phoenix at Urban Cookies. The months of anticipation DID NOT disappoint upon our arrival at the truck. Along with myself, my wife and kids were AMAZED by the flavor and overall size of these Quesadillas!! We tried Steak and Blue and their weekly special which was the Carne Asada I do believe along with the chips and the Luncharitas in both Horchata and Mango Pineapple, all which made for a GREAT GREAT lunch! There was a line of people which was great to see for the LL Crew and a good majority brought back their Lucharita mason jars as you get $1.00 off on your next drink when you trade in you old jar for a new one, a great way to keep the people coming, and boy that they were, the line 12-15 people deep! And most importantly the staff...they are great!! Which makes it even better...we can't wait to see them again on our next trip. If your ever in OH-IO let us know :) Thanks again and thanks for remembering our Anniversary!!
4	We had our first (and definitely not our last) experience with Luncha Libre at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest this past Thursday. Today is Sunday and we plan on going back to the Foodie Fest just to grab another meal from Luncha Libre.Some people think a gluten allergy is a myth, a junk allergy. I've had this allergy for many years, possibly starting when I was a baby, and it wasn't until recently that people took this allergy seriously. The guys at Luncha Libre didn't treat me like I was a pain in the butt (even though this allergy can be a pain in the butt for any restaurant/food truck), and they made me feel completely comfortable eating their food. They only offered two dishes at the fest, and the one I could eat was angus beef mixed with chorizo and jalepenos, drizzled in maple syrup and served with tortilla chips since I could not eat the Tres Leches bun. However, my husband could eat the bun, and he looked like he was in pure heaven eating that burger. I enjoyed their salsa as well. At first it wasn't spicy, but then it crept up on you and hit a mini punch.I love good customer service and someone who doesn't make me feel like I'm a hassle, especially since I wish I wasn't one with my allergy. The next time they're at Foodie Fest or I am in AZ, I will definitely find them so I can try the other items on their scrumptious menu. Go here, get something that you can't get anywhere else right now. Salty, sweet and a little bit of spice makes your tastebuds sing, I promise! You'll love it!
5	Amazing!  I have had the black and blue quesadilla and the Mac n cheese quesadilla.  Soooo good!  And the mango lemonade is just as amazing. My coworkers and I will follow them all around town!  Can't wait I try next weeks specials!
5	Wow!  These guys are a solid 5 stars!!  The truck was in Prescott @ The Mile High Beer Fest, my friend & I split the 'All Thai'd Up' quesadilla, it was amazing!  All white chicken, just the right amount of spice, delicious tortilla & cheese!!!   I'm now a follower!!
5	First time trying today.  So happy I did.  Great food and glad I was first up at the Capital today.
5	Tasty food. I had the Papa Verde - it was flavorful and filling. Plate sizes are perfect and not too big. I had the plain old iced tea luncharita and it was amazing - can't quite place why but I would definitely get it again despite the price. I think the tea to ice ratio was perfect and it was ice COLD. Something most restaurants cannot do correctly.Chips that are included are very tasty but heavy so I only consumed a few. Bonus that they park at The Elementary School here and a portion of the proceeds goes back to the school.Recommend! See you at the truck
4	My mouth is watering while I write this review.Luncha Libre is so good, I almost feel bad for the other food trucks that come to the area by my work because they blow the competition and other trucks out of the water. I had the steak and blue and after the first bite I thought I was in quesadilla heaven. The blue cheese with the zest of the steak was a perfect combination. And this was no rinky dinky quesadilla either. You will need to use 2 hands to hold it. A coworker has their artichoke and spinach one and she loved it as well. The mint tea they make is excellent and goes very nicely with the spiciness of the quesadilla. My only complaint is that I thought the chips were a little too salty and the salsa they give you isn't enough to put on the quesadilla and have with the chips. Gosh I wish I had a quesadilla right now.
5	Soooo good. Normally I'm not impressed by the prices of lunch truck food, even if I'm impressed by the food quality. I expected much the same from this place, when they came by to cater an event I was at - I forget home much it was for a quesadilla, but enough that I was like, yep, that's food truck price. Holy crap was I wrong. It was super amazingly delicious... also super giant. And came with a bunch of chips, that were also great, and dipping sauces for the chips that also were. Hopefully they'll come back next year for the event again!
3	I hope the food is good because the service isn't. They don't seem like they were prepared for today. I have been waiting for 25 minutes. Really??The food was very good
5	We hired Luncha Libre to cater a brunch for an day after wedding rehab get together last weekend.  They did a great job!  We had 90 guest (many from out of town) loved the food and concept.  Thank you Tim & Kim..
5	When is the last time you walked up to a complete stranger who was doing his daily job and had him voluntarily say during light conversation. "It's so good to be a part of this team!"   That was my experience just now as I pulled up to the Luncha Libre Truck to pick up some lunch. I noted to this employee that they had some new quesadillas today and asked him to explain the new ones. We were talking about the good flavor and the great food available here. We then started talking about the awesome people who call this truck their job....ahh....otherwise known as home some days, I am sure!!  Yet another good experience at the Luncha Libre truck!By the way.... What did I choose today??  I am SURE you want to know...  :-)  Today I had a Shrimp Bacon Quesadilla!  It was WONDERFUL!  They served it hot (not just warm....HOT!) It was very juicy, filled with a perfect amount of melted cheese. The shrimp were not those scrawny little ones....they were a nice medium size. There were plenty of shrimp in the sandwich. And of course there were homemade chips and salsa served on the side. Topped that off with a big mason jar of Mango Lemonade.  Lunch just doesn't get better!
5	I think this next phrase says it all..I WOULD HAVE THEM CATER MY FUTURE WEDDING IF I COULD because they are THAT damn good!SO delicious, mouth watering, anything on their menu quite frankly is like delicously undescribable. ( or however thats spellled)SO recommend for anyone.
5	Luncha Libre catered an event we attended last week. We had an exciting combo of tacos - from Thai Style, Steak/Gorgonzola to Bacon shrimp. All were amazing - we couldn't agree on a group favorite because they were all so unique and so darned good. Friendly staff, great food, and worth tracking down. Am looking for an excuse to have them cater an event at our place next!
5	We drive all over the city for their AWESOME quesadillas! Simply the best around!   very unique and flat out delicious! Must give a try if it's in your area. Also, very friendly staff!
5	What a delicious way to start a Saturday morning!  I've been told by friends that I ever catch this food truck at the Gilbert Farmers Market that I need to get a breakfast quesadilla!  It was so amazing - we had the chirizo version and it was so good.  The mixture of cheese and queso was spicy tasty!  I'd highly recommend getting some breakfast next time you are out and about!
5	I always do my best to catch this truck on a day off. Get the all Thai'd Up, you wont regret it. Just make sure you get a beverage with it, it is SPICY!!! Steak and Blue is phenomenal, just make sure you are a blue cheese lover. Who knew dillas could be so bomb?!?
4	Damn good quesadilla! The Papa Verde esta buenisimo. Fresh food made to order and tasty.Tried it at the Gilbert Farmers Market, now a fan and need to know there evry move.Try them!
5	I am the self proclaimed queen of quesadillas and was super excited to try out this place this afternoon when we had our weekly food truck Wednesday at the office. I must say, I am not disappointed. In fact, the papa verde is even better than I thought it would be! The staff was really sweet and when I got back to the office I realized mine had chicken in it (was supposed to be vegetarian) a co-worker bought it from me and I went back over the get it remade. They wouldn't even let me pay for the new one! So nice of them. If there is one thing I totally appreciate, it's great customer service....wellllll that AND great food. This place has the perfect combo of both.
