5	Jackson's Bar and Grill was a breath of Vegas fresh air on my latest trip. We stopped in because I was told it was a cool local hang and it's not too far from a friend's house. I'm usually not too cool with local places because of the smoke but since the Vegas smoking ban went into effect there's a noticeable difference. Jackson's is clean and light and the opposite of a dingy joint. The owner, Brian, poured us a drink and told us about how he bought the place a couple of years ago and named it after his newly born nephew. And since they have slot machines I assumed it was named after the money but not so. It's a friendly atmosphere and we hung out and watched some football games on the bunches of TV's in the place. After winning a few bucks at the slots, we sat for lunch in the dining room. It was typical "bar" fare with a twist - Not everything was deep-fried! Salads, sandwiches, pizzas, all freshly made-to-order. I enjoyed my french dip and the wife liked her caesar salad. Big portions and reasonable prices. Freindly staff. I picked up a souvenir T-shirt for my son and headed back to the strip to fight the good fight at the craps table but told Brian we'd be back there again on our next trip.
4	It took a while to get a server to get me a burger and fries at the bar, but the meal was good.  It hit the spot before the Pacquiao fight.  The restaurant was very slow for a Saturday, but I understand from the other patrons that it gets busier later on.  I had the Mushroom burger and fries and it was great.  Bartender was really nice, and she checked on you to see if you need a refill.  Plenty of parking at this place, and very easy to find. After gambling at the Gold Coast for most of the day, it's good to have a local place to hang out.  And I will return again.
3	I could only review the grill part of this place because I have never hung out in the bar part. Jackson's is pretty cool. I have been here for lunch and they have decent specials during this time. No complaints. Average burger and fries.I came here for dinner once with a huge group (30+). Wouldn't suggest doing that again. People who received their food first were done before the people who received their food last. The server said they have a small grill.Everyone I know raves about the Heart Attack Burger. I personally haven't have it yet. Maybe that will convince me to give it another star. But as for now, it's an average place. The one outstanding thing was the staff. They are nice and friendly, which is great for being a local hang out.
5	Jackson's rocks!!! Need a super comfortable place to hang off the Strip when you're in Vegas? Jackson's is the place. The staff is just great, awesome jukebox, live music, stiff drinks and open 24 Hours. What more does one really want? Seriously, this a great place place for tourists and locals alike. If you're burned out on the Palms, the Orleans or the Rio, Jackson's is just up the street and ready to meet all your drinking, hanging, and eating needs.
5	I was staying at ballys for a work trip and stopped in Saturday night after work. It turned out to be a great locals spot. It's a classic bar in grill with awesome food. I got the heart attack burger - it was epic. My wife got the jack daniels sause with her meal and we started dipping everything in it. We also met the owners Brian and Robin - really nice couple. This is my new Vegas burger stop.
4	I don't go to Jacksons to drink or watch the sports, either through the bar area is quiet and comfortable, I am such a square.  I go to Jacksons to eat the PIZZA! The pizza is soo cheesy and covered with toppings! The pizza is excellent! The price is another perfect part of Jacksons. Nice proportion and value
5	The first time I went to Jackson's was on Tuesday 12/30/08, with my family for lunch.  We ordered the chips and salsa, the Jack Daniels tri-tip sandwich, Mushroom Swiss burger, the Chili burger, and a grilled chicken burger. Everything was really good! The chips, tri-tip, burgers, fries, onion rings, and coleslaw were delicious. The servings were pretty big and the $6.99 special lunch price for burgers and fries is a great deal! The mushroom swiss burger was better than the ones at Fuddrucker's, and they charge $12! And you can even get a discounted certificate at www.restaurant.comWe always make sure to eat at Jackson's when we're in Vegas!
5	This used to be favorite bar in Vegas! Why did you stop being a Redskins bar?!
3	Good value for the food.  I ordered a pepperoni pizza and steak dinner to go (didn't know about the $6.99 special so my steak cost $13.99 instead for 3 ounces more).  No  big deal since I used my restaurant.com certificate.  The pizza had the most cheese I've ever seen, it was good, wish there were more pepperonis though.  The steak was a bit overdone so it was okay.  Still a good deal.
3	Looking for a quick bite on this side of town, Jackson's Bar & Grill came up in my search.  Walking through the bar, the dining area is in the back with day time soaps taking over the television.The Husband ordered their Jack Daniels Tri-Tip Sandwich ($9.99) and it came with your choice of french fries, cole slaw, cup of soup, or side salad.  He opted for the french fries.  He thought the sandwich was pretty tasty and he was happy with his choice.I went for their Chicken Fingers ($6.49), which you can choose how you would like them.  I went for spicy, hoping for some much needed kick.  Unfortunately, it looked like it would be spicy but it definitely was not.  It was more on the mild side of things.  The four fingers came with carrot and celery sticks and their homemade ranch dressing.  It was just average, nothing special.  It looks like the thing to get here is their $6.99 Steak Special though.  "A 9 oz steak, choice of fries, slaw, or rings, steamed veggies and a dinner salad, all for ONLY $6.99, 24 hours a day. Groups are welcome."  All that for $6.99 and served all day sounds like a pretty good deal to me! They also still accept the Entertainment Book coupon!
3	$6.99 steak dinner special means I don't have to schlep it to Ellis Island if I want a cheap steak fix..which I haven't had in 2 years but still...I got a $20 match play coupon in the mail for my birthday here and they offer $10 match play coupons on the back of the Flamingo and Decatur Smith's supermarket reciepts.  So my wife and I go and the bartender just puts a $20 in my machine..lets my wife use 2 coupons so she has $20 in free play now.  I also had a buy one get one free entree coupon to top it all off.My wife orders the cheeseburger which was just ok but I get the steak dinner which is a pretty sweet deal for all the stuff you get.  This is quality late night drunken food for sure!!  7 drinks later, I end up hitting quad aces and quad 5's in back to back hands and my wife hits a ten high diamond straight flush on her machine!!  First time either of us had ever hit those high hands in our limited video poker experience.Drinks were comped for our play, dinner comes out to $9 and we cash out for $100.  Pretty fn great!!!
5	I go to Jackson's every tuesday for a backgammon club so I'm really familiar with the menu. Right now they have bad decision Thursdays going on where a different special is created along with great specials on beer every Thurs. The best thing to order and I often do, get the steak special because they do have the best steak deal in las vegas for $6.99. The value is there and so is the service, excellent service all the time in Jackson's. I suggest the steak deal because it's a lot of food for a little price. :-) Also good, mozzarella sticks, chicken fingers, and most of there daily specials are reaaaaly good like chicken alfredo, meatball sub, stuffed porf chops and many soups. Hollar and look for the Villain on Tuesdays if you do stop by.....:-)                                          :-)                                       :-)
3	I usually don't favor sports bars but I do appreciate good food at decent prices. Some of my coworkers rave about the burgers here so I had to try one . I had the Classic Cheeseburger it was juicy and had a fresh flavor to it. You can tell it wasn't something premade. I had the pepper jack cheese with it and it was so good It didn't even need Mayo! The meal came with shoestring fries and I also ordered a side of onion rings. It was a lot of food that my husband and I had to take home. The onion rings tasted great the next day ...just bake them. My husband and I were full but we still managed to get dessert. I don't see lemon cake offered on menus much so I ordered it. It wasn't as fresh as the cake you get at Chef Marcs but it was still delicious. The atmosphere was relaxing at first but when we were getting ready to leave there was a verbal argument breaking out over people standing in front of the television. I'm glad we were leaving because it was starting to get ugly . I would still come back though because the food was yummy!
5	Hey after I got kicked out of Club Car Lounge for being accused of being cheap I searched for my neighborhood bar and found Jackson's. Even I was treading on enemy territory (since I'm a Viking fan). They treated me with respect and they had $2.75 miller lite verses $6 miller lite at club car lounge. The bartender Eddie was such a great guy was very very friendly. Wether your a Packer fan or not, this place is great! I will return with respect! But Vikings still rule! Lol
3	This place is really not my speed and I don't have a lot of desire to return, but the people who are regulars look like they have a lot of fun here. I didn't try their food, but it looked ok. Their drink specials were ok as well. I tried some of their rootbeer from the tap and it was pretty good. Probably better if it was in a frosted mug, but delicious all the same. I came with a group of friends and we were all under the consensus that the place was just ok and that we probably wouldn't make it a regular place to hang out. It's pretty much just like a PT's, albeit slightly less dimly-lit.  All in all, just an ok experience overall.
5	My cousin goes to Jackson's every Monday like clockwork for the Prime Rib Special. I finally joined him this past week and now I see what all the fuss was all about. It was the biggest juiciest most tender cut of Prime Rib I have ever had in my life! I will definitely be back every Monday from now on.
1	First it took about 10 minutes after we sat down before we were asked if we wanted drinks, the waitress didn't come back and see how we were doing. At no bar and grill, should you have to chase down the waitress for some more napkins or utensils. Later, I went to the bar to order one of their expensive, weak drinks. After I dealt with the bartenders rudeness, I got the drink and as I was paying for it, dude says " oh, this will help out with the power bill, the big tip that you gave me!" then as I was walking away, he started raising his voice and saying " thanks man!"I was already paying for a few steaks and a fortune in drinks, so I didn't care. Hey man, you making a drink that takes thirty seconds, don't be a punk. And put something on the bottom of the tables so they stay stable, I've got drinks I'm not trying to spill. Don't take any guff from these swine!!
2	It's a dive bar. Went here with friends to watch the packers game and the tv in the other room was lagging, so the cheers or boos happened at different times, which was weird. They had great service!
4	I gave this place a fourth star mainly for the $9 for 2 pitchers of PBR. A deal like that in Vegas is pretty darn rare. They have an awesome sports bar setup and judging by the decor, its a headquarters for Greenbay Packer pro football fans and I think I heard Washington Husky college sports fans go there. Its a definite local owned sports bar with TVs and also has a separate section for families with those under 21 to dine in. They did use to have karaoke in the form of that Rock Band video game but then they took it away. The nachos are awesome and are very loaded.
4	I just moved into a house right by this joint.  Video poker bars are a dime a dozen in Las Vegas, but as a local hang-out Jackson's has got it goin' on.  Their servers and bartenders have been as sweet as can be.  They seem to have a lot of regulars that the staff knows by name.  That's a good sign.  The food has been pretty good so far.  We watched the Grammies there and had a great time joking with the other patrons.  Easy and relaxed.        It is named after President Andrew Jackson.  We thought that was a weird theme.  It ended up with us joking about a genocide-themed restaurant with dishes like Sudanese dirt pie and Bosnian rape sausage and Cherokee tears vinagrette.  I know, sick.
5	My husband and I just finished breakfast here at Jackson's , and we are in love!  Matt had the rib eye and eggs. Huge, super tasty, cooked perfect, and way reasonably priced. And my Denver omelette was just the same. And our server, Dan was just Awesome. Definitely coming back next time we are in Vegas
4	I can only speak for this: Jackson's is a Packers bar & I'm a Packers fan so I enjoy partaking in the gameday festivities! The owner & the staff are extremely personable & haul ass to make sure all the patrons are tended to. While there are no windows, the inside is well lit, it's not stuffy & you don't smell like an ashtray when you leave. As far as the food, it's a bar... but it's yummy bar food. I suspect their ranch is even homemade. A new item are these ginormous soft pretzels served with a few dips. There's a Monday prime rib nite I've heard people rave about so a few of us plan on checking that out in the near future. Whether a Packers fan or not, Jackson's is an ideal joint to take in a game. We won't heckle you for rooting for another team!, everyone is there to have a good time & the more the merrier.
4	Great omelet this am. All the meals I have had there have been above average. Steak dinner is a deal, IMO. Only negative is the comment on the check about the tax. Referred to as "Obama's Cut", which is dumb since it's the state sales tax.
5	Excellent prices, outstanding service, and an owner that really cares. A great place to hang out, and the Monday Night prime rib special is great.
3	Back in the day, circa late 1980s, this was called Bullys. Not sure if that means anything to anyone but hey, I'm a fountain of useless trivia!If you're a Packers fan, which I must clearly state that I am not, this is your place. At least for game watching. Lot's of Packers paraphernalia adorning the walls and such.We stopped by here for a pre-dinner drink before heading to Nora's a few doors down.Let's see, a 16 oz draft of cold PBR for $2.50 poured by a very nice bartender ...yeah that's my style. Not much for tap selection though, it's your basic American pilsners plus Newcastle brown.Did not eat here so no review on the food. They do have a pretty decent sized dining area although I didn't see anyone in there at the time. It's not the crazy Bullys from the heyday, but not a bad place to grab a cold one either.
4	We came to Jackson's almost everyday during our weekend stay. It's off the strip. We met some really cool locals. Mellow place to just hang out from the crowds and lights of Vegas
4	Food is very good and filling. Staff is friendly and laid back.
4	Just had a Chicken Country Friend Steak...  Oh boy.  Was it good!!   Large portion and awesome gravy!  I'm feeling like I'm back in Texas.  But guess what...next time I will have this might be another 8 years. 12.99 for 1lb Rib Eye steak.  So good and great value.
4	I must have passed by this place a million times throughout my life. Never gave it a look until my cousin swore that they have the best steak and eggs in town. She wasn't joking. Although it's not your $5 steggs plate from South Point, you get a 1 pound ribeye steak, hash browns, eggs and toast for $12.99. Whatever seasoning they put on the steak is so so so delicious. I don't need steak sauce - a true testament to great seasoning on meat! You can get this deal around the clock, so if you want good quality steak and eggs at 1:30 in the morning, this place beats other steak and eggs joints in town!Craving prime rib? For $11.99, you get a 1 pound slab of beautiful prime rib with a side of baked potato. A downside to this deal is that this is only good on Mondays! I think everyone should check this place out for the prime rib special - we can dub this day "Meaty Mondays"! The last time I was here, I ordered the full rack of BBQ ribs. Came with a side of baked beans and slaw. Not the best ribs I've tasted, but they were pretty good. I would definitely consider Jackson's a hole-in-the-wall, at least for their food. Tucked away on the corner of Jones and Flamingo within a strip mall, I really don't think many people know about this place and how yummy their food is. Jackson's definitely takes bar food to a whole other level.
3	The bar was clean & the food was good quality & good value. They have drink & food specials, ask your server. Nice location.  3 and half stars from me.
5	16oz Ribeye for $12.99 & all the fixins. Can't beat it! Love this place!!!
4	Tonight was hamburger night at Jacksons. Had a patty melt, made just as I like it, medium rare.  Had onion rings, were very good.  My friend had a mushroom swiss burger, also very good.   Service was good  .Prices reasonable.
5	This local bar offers the same as most others being it's open 24/7 with gaming around the bar. What separates these local bars is the service and the food. I've only been during graveyard and the service has always been good and the food is AMAZING!!! I've heard the food is even better during dinner hours and the dining room is always packed. I would definitely suggest Jackson's to anyone who frequents local bars!
3	After a great dinner with the "family", we walked a few doors down to have a few drinks at Jackson's. It seems like the past few months of my life have been tolerable thanks to alcohol...and I'm not a drinker.This is a locals Green Bay Packers bar. So, I was a little confused why there aren't any cheesehead decor in the bar but there was a harpoon of all things. This place is pretty big.The women's restroom is quite disgusting. Only 2 stalls: regular and handicap. The regular one was filthy and I had to use 3 toilet seat covers to relieve myself and the flush didn't work! The other times I went to the bathroom, I had to use the handicap stall which was much better and cleaner.BUUUUUT our server was fantastic. I couldn't decide what I wanted to drink so she let me try stuff and she was accurate with the description of flavor profiles of drinks. She would chat with us from time to time. However, we found it quite peculiar when she asked me if I wanted a cold glass. I want a volcanic glass that would spew hot beer please! She's still good in my book though. Magic Hat #9 and Stella Artois FTW!
5	5 SOLID STARS BABY! Oh yeah this is my new go to spot that my most Awesome friend Sue introduced me to! After living in the area for 5 years I finally got my butt over there to check it out and see what it is all about! Why did I wait so long, I have no idea however if I could kick my own ass I would for not going sooner!Wow first off I must give a shout out to Bartender Billy who is Amazing in so many ways! Jackson's is really lucky to have him as a bartender at their establishment because he provides a fantastic experience! Bartender Billy works graveyard so you can only catch him working Monday-Thursday midnight until 8am. Billy Rocks I can guarantee there is no other bartender in this city that is as cool as he is or has the personality that he does!He is friendly with a great personality and provides great service, I don't recall being without a drink at anytime during our visit which is the best!They also have great food as well, we ordered seasoned fries and a basket of chicken fingers which were so tasty!I think we were there close to 5 hours, that is how much we were enjoying ourselves having a great time!They have my favorite video game, Cleopatra Keno! Oh yeah that is bonus points! lolI will be back for sure for many more good times to be had thanks to my girl Sue for inviting me out that night which was a blast!
5	Great bartenders with the best bar food in town. Have never had a bad experience.   Highly recommend.
5	This place is awesome! Not only was the food fantastic, but the service was phenomenal. We were continuously served drinks and asked if there was anything we needed. We ended up losing $40 or so in video poker and our food bill was $6. With the amount of food and drinks we bought, I was expecting to spend $50-$60. We ended up spending less than I expected to spend with everything overall!! I will definitely be coming back here.
5	Ok so I have fallen in love with Jackson's bar & grill on Flamingo and Jones for many great reasons!Why you say...? Well it is easy to love because first of all the Service is Amazing, and that means a lot to Yelpers like myself. There are way too many spots to visit in LV so why would we go where the service is bad? Exactly and that is why I am now a loyal and now semi regular patron of Jackson's.The food is another reason I visit because they have a menu that is one of the best in town for a bar and grill. This last visit I had ordered the mild chicken strips appetizer because I had remembered how good it was the last time I went!I also decided on the Jalapeno poppers to split with a friend and what a great choice that was! These were filled with cream cheese and had the best batter on them, possibly like panko fried to a golden brown! This dish also comes with a delicious sweet chili sauce which was a nice addition to the already growing mouth orgasm I was in the middle of.I will have to try their prime rib special sometime because every time I go I am informed by other customer's that they have a very very very good prime rib din din!I will have to try it because if I recall a customer who was sitting next to made me promise her I would try it next time lol.  I can't go back on a promise, so...lolOk so now that I have confirmed that the service and food is truly fabulous. Let's get to the Bar which is why we come in the first place for a nice drinky drink...right? BARTENDER BILLY IS THE BEST!I go on Thursday nights to meet my friends at midnight because we get to see Billy who is the most Awesome bartender around. His drinks are yummy, he has a fantastic personality and his bar skills and great attitude can't be beat!I have stopped by the last three Thursdays in a row, I am slowly becoming a regular and who do I have to thank for that...Billy lol.Jackson's is Awesome and if I could kiss the Owners I would because they knocked this one out of the ball park!
4	If you haven't already figured it out by now, I'm a cheapskate. I'm more than willing to splurge at a Michelin star restaurant but those days are few and far between. Most days I love to go places that have good, cheap food. And you can't get better than $12.99 for a POUND of ribeye with two eggs and hashbrowns. What! That's right. Now, I've done my rounds of $5 steak and eggs at low-brow casinos but Jackson's takes the steak and egg genre up a notch. This is a huge piece of meat, and it tender and flavorful. There's a delicious rub on it (tastes heavily of black pepper and garlic) and is cooked to perfection. No steak sauce needed, which is good, as I don't care for steak sauce, I like to fully taste my meat. So, four-stars for the steak. We got a side of nachos too and they were good but nothing special. Drinks are on the pricier side, the bf's Guinness cost $5, (but did I mention the rib-eye was $13)!!!Place is nice, typical Nevada-style pub open 24 hours. Service was good too, albeit a tad slow. Also, they have crazy daily specials, such as $5 spaghetti dinner on Mondays. Can't wait to try that and their prime rib special.
5	Bar food at it's finest in the westside of Las Vegas!!! Chef's Brian and Lonnie are great and barstaff and waitstaff are too fantastic too!! Best pattymelt in town!!! if in the area check them out!!
5	Any time i think about a late night bite to eat or a few drinks or some laughs with some friends or even my cleopatra keno the only place that comes to mind is jacksons.  I am a night owl so I love places that are 24 hours and when I went into this place and I met the graveyard bartender billy that was it it was over. Billy is the only bartender I've ever met that created a drink with me and everytime I walk in starts making it without even asking me he knows exactly what I want and how to give it to me. I went in there on Monday and it was about 1 a.m. Then we decided to order food we ask the chef Lonnie if he had any  prime rib left he said no he chopped it all up to make pot roast at midnight but he did say Billy one big piece. Billy notified us that since we are so awesome he would let us have his giant enormous piece of prime rib this prime rib was bigger than my face it was huge and it looked so amazing. I have never had a bad experience in this place its like home it's right across the street from my house and even the nights that I go in there without Billy it's still a good time but I purposefully going on between Monday and Thursday between midnight and 8 a.m. Just to see my favorite bartender Billy
4	My wife and I have been coming here for the past year in between softball games and it is wonderful.  Angelina has been spectacular - she recognizes us when we walk in and knows we want the 1554!  We ate breakfast once between games and that too was good - my eggs and bacon were excellent and my wife's omelet was as well.  We love to come in - and it helps pass the time between games!
5	$12.99 ribeye dinner. (Did you hear me???) $12.99 RIBEYE DINNER. You get on awesome deal right there. The ribeye was very flavorful without a lot of fat. It was cooked to a perfect medium and the sides of mashed potatoes and broccoli Were enough to make you more then satisfied.  The most awesome part is the $12.99 ribeye  deal is available 24/7. I'm gonna stop writing before the food coma kicks in.
4	Great food + Great service= Happy Customers!!!We got 2 beers (Corona and a Black & Tan), the giant pretzel, and 2 Ribeye steak dinners. Everything was wonderful. The steaks cooked to perfection! Plus to top it off is a GREENBAY bar!! Great date night!!
2	The $12 Monday night Prime Rib special will pull you in. Don't believe the hype.BF is a huge prime rib fan, and when I stumbled across this place i thought I'd struck gold and found a Monday night that fit our schedules to bring him in for a surprise date night. And my carefully-laid plans bombed.Placed his order for the prime rib special with mashed potatoes, bummed to hear it does not come with a vegetable despite many mentions in other reviews and pictures here of a veggie side. Waitress told us a side would set us back $2- for bar veggies? No thanks. My order was for the 10oz NY, which did come with a veggie, mashed potatoes as a side as well. Both of us added on a side salad for $1 extra, with bleu cheese dressing.Now, if the first element of your meal is a side salad, and you are unable to finish it, that's probably a bad sign. The salad itself was fine and decently fresh but the dressing had seen better days- it neither smelled nor tasted like and bleu cheese dressing I've ever had in my life, and we couldn't put our finger on whether it was supposed to be a yogurt-based ranch dressing, or if it was spoiled.Waitress cleared our still-full salad bowls in confusion, and when we mentioned that the dressing was off/funky, all she had to say was, "Well it came straight from the bottle." Um, then maybe check the expiration date on that bottle.Then our entrees were brought out. BF's rare prime rib was medium rare only in the middle, and easily 1/3rd of it was fat while another 1/3rd of it appeared to be brown in color and possibly spoiled.  It tasted like more of a roast than any prime rib I've ever had.My steak also had a good 1/3rd of the meat consisting of fat, and not even just around the edges of the steak itself but globs of fat within the middle of the steak- very, very low quality meat. I know my expectations for bar food are low, but come on ...For a $30 meal, we literally ate about 1/5 of his prime rib (we were put off by the rest of it), and maybe 2/3rd of my steak, plus the broccoli and potatoes. Not really the value it's advertised as.On top of that, we barely made it to the car before our stomachs started hurting.To end on a positive note, our waitress was super friendly and sweet, though I'm a little perturbed that she didn't offer a solution or even begin to address the quality issues with our meal. That being said, she's a server and not a manager or in charge of who is selected as a supplier, so she's not really the one to discuss those matters with any way. Considering we had maybe five bites of our salads, I expected them to be removed from our bill- even if it was only a measley $2.Only redeeming factor of our meal was the beer my BF ordered- it was a JW Dundee Nut Brown Ale and it was delicious.
4	A very unlikely place for me.  Off the strip and a dive bar to boot.  But, reluctantly went and was surprised at the food.  The ribeye was good and the special seasoning was very good.  I love that they do not overcook the meat (medium rare/rare-ish).  The steaks had a very good char on them too.  The meal came with a baked potato and some steamed broccoli.  All this for $12.99.  Service was on the slow side as only one waitress was there, but she was super friendly.  If you want to win in Vegas, go there.
5	First time coming here was 3 days ago on Monday came for the prime rib but found out its after 5pm. So we ended up eating the 16oz ribeye steak. It was AMAZING!    The first impression pulling up to this place is a lil bar that didn't seem to have any cars parked out front. Walked in and I didn't remember seeing that many customers at the bar and there was only a few other than us in the dinning area.   The waitress was super friendly and on top I her game. We all ordered the ribeye steak and we were all so please with the service and food that we came back for a second time in one week.    Here we are back again for the great steak and great service!
5	Mmmm yum yes I say as always! Jackson's is the go to spot for an Amazing Bartender, great food and overall fun!They have my favorite game, Cleopatra Keno which is fun to play while enjoying the night!My friends and I always hit up Jackson's at midnight when the best bartender (Billy) in all of Las Vegas starts his shift. The food is Amazing, I could close my eyes and just point at the menu and know that whatever it is will be delicious!I am a forever loyal fan.Come on down and see what all of the fuss is about! :)
1	Dont know how this place got 4 stars what a dive nobody there sat 5 min nobody came left won't go again
5	Just a great place.Came in at like 3am and had great & very friendly service. Very good food and were treated nicely and attended to well. I strongly recommend it.
4	Was here about 4 am on Sat/17 May for a late dinner/early breakfast:- $10.99 NY steak and eggs was a lot of food, good for the price.  Also came with hash browns and choice of toast.- Corona Light on tap, which was cool.- Will try the prime rib ($12.99?) next time.
5	Great Food nice service great steak kind of hidden but well worth the drive +byou can buy restaurant.com to make it cheaper
4	This bar is themed after Andrew Jackson and the Federal Reserves! Once you enter, the wall is covered with paintings of money and names of the important people whose faces are on the American notes (money)! Very cool concept and this bar is a GREENBAY PACKERS bar. If you are a Packers fan, this place is for you! The only thing on their wall is PACKERS and everything gold & green!A very chill bar with great selection of beers and drinks! It is very open and there are plenty of room to sit. Of course, there are slot machines up at the bar, a few arcade games and two open spaces where you can eat. There is an open place where there are many tables and chairs to sit to watch any sports in front of their 60+" television screen and if you want a more quiet place to eat and just talk with friends, there is also a room where you can sit and relax that is quiet and doesn't have a television.I tried some of their foods and the service is great and food came out fast!Buffalo Chicken Wings- typical chicken wings.. could have used more sauce, though!Chips, Salsa & Guacamole- the guacamole tasted a little off, but the chips and salsa were good. I wouldn't order it again, though.Overall, it is a really fun place, great vibe, not as busy as other dive bars I have been to!
5	Came here for the first time today. Billy C. was great! Very nice and attentive. Great service and great food. Was happy to leave with a full stomach and some extra cash from playing video poker. This will definitely become my new local spot!
4	This is another good bar to eat, drink, and play, especially for those working swing shift in the industry. The graveyard bartender, Keith,  gave great service. The bar has a decent amount of beers on draft and the machines have low limits (quarter blackjack). The bar food is typical for what you expect with good portions. go check it out!
4	This is a great place to go to have a few drinks and do some gambling or electronic golf. I usually only go on nights that my favorite bar tender Billy is there. He takes care of me the entire night and jokes around with you. Definitely recommend this place to everyone. Also the food is delicious especially after a few rounds of drinks.
5	My boyfriend could rave on and on about how awesome this place is. I was hesitant about coming here the first time, due to its location and how sketchy it looks from the outside.. but we've been returning here for the past year. Pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and friendly service. Great prime ribs and New York steaks at great prices ($12.99 and $10.99 respectively) that are available 24/7 ($1 for side salad or cup of soup) - with a Monday special of  $11.99 for a whole pound of prime rib. Tender, seasoned well, and flavorful so that you can skip the A1. Also have tried their breakfast burrito, vegetarian omelet, and fish and chips- all good, but prime rib's their star player.
3	It says it's been 19 days since I wrote my last review. That's the longest I've done that in a while.  Let's see if I still know how to do this.Ah Jackson's Bar and Grill. I've always known of Jackson's, pass it all the time but never went. It's your typical neighborhood bar/restaurant. The food ain't fancy or amazing but it's good for what it is.  This is a Packers bar so when it's the NFL season you know what's up. Solid 3.25 stars.I had a serious craving for a steak and remembered Roger T. talking about the 16 oz rib eye deal here. Well after I got here I was hit by a dilemma, it was a Monday and there was also a 16 oz prime rib deal. Hmm do I have the 16 oz prime rib for $11.99 or the 16 oz rib eye for $12.99 how about both!?I already had my mind set on the rib eye before coming here so I had to get it. For the price the rib eye wasn't that bad. I ordered a medium well and got more well done but I had no complaints there other then it being a little tough. I still ate it. It still taste good enough to get again. It came with some brussel sprouts and a baked potato, which were both kind of meh. It's a pretty good deal for a steak meal offered 24/7. I also ordered a lobster bisque soup, kinda too salty but edible. Another Monday I was craving steak again and said PRIME RIB. It was OK again kind of overcooked and dry had to really use the au jus for it but it satisfied my craving for meat that day. They actually ran out and I  had gotten the last one, it was barely 5:30pm on prime rib special night. Prime rib is offered pretty much everywhere in town. I wouldn't say I was a fan of the prime rib but I'd eat it again maybe ask for it more rare.The rest of menu ain't that bad. There's more meat dishes, it has "Grill" in it's name, sandwiches, burgers, breakfast, etc. What stands out besides the 16 oz prime rib and 16 oz rib eye has to also be the 20 oz ham and eggs for $9.99, the 1 lbs rib eye and eggs, and whatever they had on the 24/7 menu, which I may come back for. The staff is friendly but they seemed understaffed.  It's been pretty busy both times I was there. There's a bar area which can hold decent number of people, a separate restaurant area which can hold more people, and another area away from the bar where there's a 82 inch TV and a comfortable chair right in front which I fell asleep in after eating two 16 oz meals each time I was here. Real chill place with a pretty good 2 pitchers of PBR for $10 deal offered 24/7.Roger we should watch the first game of the season here Packers vs Seahawks haha.
5	the food is amazing.  Bartender(Billy) is awesome he makes that place fun.  I eat there at least twice a week.  Everything on the menu is delicious
5	AMAZING! I had my birthday party here. The customer service is great!
4	Great find on a trip to LV. Enjoyed a Rib-eye steak with extra veggies. Steak was cooked perfectly medium rare as ordered. For the $11.99 price it's a deal. Nice bartenders and I enjoyed the Packer memorabilia throughout the Bar.  If I'm ever in Vegas during football season I'll check it out.
5	I have passed by Jackson's for YEARS. Today I stopped in with some friends who are regulars there. I can't believe I have deprived myself of this gem for so long. I ordered the steak and eggs. Wow! I was delivered a huge, spot-on medium rare and PERFECTLY seasoned ribeye with scrambled eggs (REAL eggs, not egg substitute), hash browns and sourdough toast. For only $12.99. You probably think you didn't read that right, but yes, I said $12.99! It's worth double that.  My beverage was one of the best damn spicy Bloody Mary's I have ever had.  My friends are members of their newly-implemented rewards program where you receive a free dessert or appetizer upon your 5th check-in, so we decided to take advantage of that and ordered the pie of the day: chocolate cream. It was fresh and yummy. Yeah, I had pie after breakfast. Don't judge me.  Our waitress, Holly, was as sweet as the pie and gave us excellent service!!Overheard at my table: "This is the meal I would have right before I went to the electric chair." (He had they ribeye and eggs with a Bloody Mary too).  But seriously, don't go there, ok? Cause I want Jackson's all to myself.
5	I had to come in for Prime Rib Mondays.  Here is the skinny, 16oz prime rib for $11.99.  2 pitchers of PBR for $10.  When my prime rib got in front of my face, there is no way it was 16oz.  looked more like 24oz!!  the thing was huge!!!  cooked to a perfect mid-rare.  the meat was so juicy and tender, I could have cut it with my fork!!!  and to wash it all down with cheap pitchers of PBR, can't go wrong there.  the service was great as well.  our waitress was super friendly.  since my visit, I have told everyone I know they have to go and try it.  you could put this prime up against any prime rib in town.  definitely going back very soon!!!!
4	We were visiting Las Vegas and I found this place using Yelp. I wanted a steak and was in shock from the prices of the restaurants on the "strip".  We had no problem finding the place and did not hesitate knowing it was a bar. We all ordered steak. Two rib eyes and two New York strips.  All four of us agreed that the steaks were delicious, well seasoned and cooked the way we ordered.  It was Tuesday, and my only regret was that I had missed the Monday Prime Rib Special. Another great thing going for this place is the hospitality of the staff. Holly and Tammy are great servers and Ethan did a fabulous job cooking. The atmosphere is all "local bar".  You won't beat the combination of price, quality and service.
5	This place was amazing, looks very dirty and scary outside but don't be fooled. The food was great and service was great as well. The prices are very affordable
3	We live just a few blocks from Jackson's and just love the place.  The food is great..very large portions !!  However, the service really sucks.  A few weeks ago we went for breakfast and the waitress not only came over picking her teat, but, excused herself halfway through taking our order because she said she needed to go floss immediately !!  Grossed us out !!  We almost walked out, but, my husband decided he really wanted that ham & eggs so we stayed.  We went to dinner last Thursday and they were setting up for a private party ( 4 tables) so the service was non-existent.  By the time we actually got our dinners ( 40 minutes later ) the food was cold and dried out.  My husband wanted another beer so I had to go to the bar and get it myself because the waitress was nowhere to be found.  If the place was busy I could understand, but, there were 5 people at this private party and 1 table in the dining room so really don't understand.  We wish they'd bring back some good servers ( maybe a good one with a personality !! ) as we really love coming here.  PLEASE !!!!
2	I have been coming to Jackson's Bar & Grill for some time...maybe 4 years now.  I used to be a semi regular on Tuesday nights (Backgammon Tournament) but haven't been impressed with the service or food.  I have been postponing doing a review hoping it would return to what I remembered from years ago...but alas it has not.My most recent visit was a Monday night for the prime rib.  The portions are very generous, but the food quality is just good at best.  The prime rib was ordered medium, but originally served raw, not rare but RAW.  My friend who prefers it rare even commented that it was too rare for even HIM.  Two trips back to the kitchen later the prime rib had at least stopped mooing and I decided to just keep it.  The mash potatoes and gravy was served separately and now cold as the beer.  Now... beer was good and cold so that is a plus!The dining area is somewhat separated from the bar area, but the smoke definitely makes its way back to the dining area.  I wish I would have at least posted a review with 3 Stars prior, but now I have to go with just 2 Stars and I seriously doubt I will be back to try it again, but you never know.
5	Jacksons has become my regular spot for food and drinks. Mainly because of the bartender Billy, hes THE MAN. Felt obligated to write a review after the continuous amazing service and friendliness that we recieve here at jacksons on a regular basis. Plus u Cant go wrong ordering food late night because of the new cook Maurice- makes an awesome burger.  Make sure u come after midnight on weekdays and see Billy. End your night right. Highly reccomend jacksons to all.
4	It's great because it's better than a PTs (it has more character) and they'll feed you endless drinks while you are feeding the video poker machines.  Food is good bar good and the people are nice enough (everyone leaves you alone).  Stop in for a drink and a Royal.
5	I don't say this about a lot of bars... But I do very well on the machines there. I'm not there much in the mornings, but the swing girls Tia and I think the other one's name is Dawn, are pretty cool chicks. But graveyard is my bread and butter. Keith and Billy are as attentive as I've had in Vegas and keep you entertained. LOVE this place!!!
5	It's not just the loose slots. Or the juicy perfectly cooked steak. The service is incredible. If it wasn't for Billy I wouldn't even go. Wish he worked 7 nights so I could go on weekends. The new cook is the BEST they've had. I will continue going until this great service is gone.
5	I just discovered this bar 2 nights ago. I had just gotten off work at midnight and wanted some good food and great drinks to relax. As soon as I walked in I was instantly greeted by Billy the bartender. I took a seat at the bar and he came over instantly to greet me and was very inviting and friendly. I ordered breakfast food (the vegetarian omelet and biscuits and gravy) and it was delicious! Billy had great recommendations and was on top of making sure I always had a drink and that I was happy the entire time. It's been a while since I've had a bartender whom I would definitely go back to the bar, just for the service...even though I enjoyed everything about Jackson's bar, the service was especially phenomenal!!! My new favorite go to bar!
5	One of the best rib eye steaks I've ever tasted! Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned and oh so tender. Service was friendly, although a tad slow especially considering we were the only customers in the dining room. Apple crisp pie for dessert was the perfect ending to an outstanding meal. Will definitely return.
5	Billy is an awesome bartender and food is always outstanding! Couldn't lose on the machines either which makes for a great evening.
5	So as a person that works crazy hours I am always looking for an awesome graveyard shift spot. I finally found it at Jackson's. The bartender Billy is very welcoming and fun. This is refreshing at 5am when most people are cranky and act like they hate their jobs. Thank you Billy, I will definitely be back.
5	I love the staff!!! Tia and holly are great...best staff in town in my book stop by when the packers play and enjoy the scene my type of spot stop by
5	I am delighted to have found Jackson's. Great food and drinks that are so reasonably priced  - where else can you get a one pound rib eye, two eggs and hash browns for ONLY $12.99???!!!? And it's really decent too! Not to mention two pitchers of a different varietal of Craft beer every week for only $10! (or two Pitchers of Pabst for only $10!) Their Bloody Mary's are really tasty and reasonable as well - It's hard to find a better deal than a $4 pint-sized Bloody Mary. Jackson's also has a great staff that is always friendly and accommodating. As a Board Member of the University of Wisconsin-Madison Las Vegas Chapter Alumni, I brought Jackson's to our Board's attention, and we decided to make this our official watch party location for all Wisconsin Badger football and basketball games. Jackson's has not let us down and has even went out of their way to help us grow our Chapter! Give Jackson's Bar & Grill a try next time you're in Las Vegas. And if you're a Badger alumni or friend of Wisconsin, come join us for a game and cheer on Bucky!!!
5	Best Steak in Vegas... and I live here.Those $100 steak joints on the strip have nothing on Jacksons. Really good menu, open face turkey or roast beef, prime rib on Mondays, so good it sells out. So good, even the competition eats here. Prices are unbeatableGenerous machines, great music, friendly.
5	Still one of the greatest steak deal anywhere in Vegas.  The hostesses are great and they've got tons of TV's to watch the big game.
5	Unbelievable!  Billy is top notch as a bartender from midnight to 8 am and the food is better than most of the restaurants in Las Vegas, courtesy of Maurice.  I'm a transplant from San Diego and it's taken me almost 3 years to find a bar that I feel comfortable in and one that also cares about me as a customer.   That quality is few and far between in Las Vegas in general but Jackson's has hit the the mark when it comes to food consistency and making you feel at home.  Try it out at least once, especially for either the prime rib Mondays (which sell out every time by 9pm) or the ribeye.  Nothing but the best!!!
5	Relaxed locals joint.You can play Video Poker at the bar.Great food for very fair prices- Rib Eye Steak & Eggs for USD 12.99. Very friendly service.
4	We come to Las Vegas every year during the NFR Rodeo. Jackson's serves a VERY good steak! We have never been disappointed. They also have very reasonable prices. The service is great! I would highly recommend Jackson's!
4	I love Jackson's Ribeye steak, Im a big fan of this place! So much so, that I wanted to introduce my girlfriends to it and have one of their birthday parties there. I called ahead of time. I asked to sit in Tammy's station, she always takes care of me when I come in, she has the right attitude and is very customer friendly. Which is another reason why I found this place to be appealing. I was told 'NO' Tammy is not a server she is a busser.... which left me confused, they have one girl taking the order and Tammy running the food and drinks for the most part, when Im there. I was VERY disappointed they wouldn't let Tammy take care of our party last night, what happen to customer satisfaction? I think my request should have been honored just because she does it all anyway, so someone writes my order on a piece of paper and inputs it into the computer, does that make you a server? Our server was just OK last night. She did go M.I.A a couple of times, when drinks were needed and order needed to be taken. Tammy kept our drinks rolling, which was the MAJORITY cost of our bill. Our server never came to even ask us if we were ready to order. We waited 15 min to order our food, one of the girls actually had to shout out we are ready to order now. In the end the girls all loved their food and left a fat tip, thinking it was meant for Tammy, not the other girl. I hope Tammy got at least half. Girls also thought Tammy was more deserving of it than the other girl. We will be back but next time with a party of 25 or more from our meet up group, last night was a trial run.  But for god sakes, make Tammy a server and let her take care of us as requested please, Thank you!
3	I have been to Jackson's two times now. The first was for the prime rib special that they have Monday night. The special includes a 1lb piece of prime rib and a baked potato for $12.99. I love prime rib and I thought this meal was just okay. The main reason being the meat was luke warm when it came to my table. This leads me to believe that it was sitting out waiting for our waitress to deliver it to us for a while. Whatever, it was still good and that wasn't going to stop me from coming back. Yesterday I was in the mood for a burger, and this place is super close to my work so I stopped in. It wasn't busy at all. The server was nice and attentive. I ordered the Classic Cheeseburger, which is their 1/2lb patty on a bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, and choice of cheese (cheddar), and fries well done. The table has ketchup, mustard, A1, Cholula and Heinz 57 for you to top your burger. There is no mayo, but you just have to ask your server. The burger was delicious. It was juicy and flavorful and it was very filling. The fries were good also and they cooked them exactly to my liking of well done. They have many different types of burgers, sandwiches and bar food items, as well as this giant pretzel that I must go back and try.
4	Great local spot! I actually discovered Jackson's while on a flight to Vegas. I met the owners who invited me to come check out their great bar food and cheap drinks. They were super friendly and down to earth so naturally, I was excited to experience a "non-touristy" laid back bar in Vegas. Open 24/7. Divey. Jukebox. Video poker. Long story short, Jackson's is off the strip, it will cost you a $15 cab ride from the strip. But with impeccable service, cheap drinks & delicious bar food (think giant soft pretzels, massive breakfast burritos, spicy boneless wings, nachos....everything super tasty), the cab fare is more than worth it! Never did see the owners again, but bartenders Keith and Billy aka the "Liver Assassin" made us feel right at home!
