4	i would rate the food here at five stars, some of the best thai food i've ever had.the problems are the atmosphere of the place. run down strip mall space with lime green and pink interior decoration from what i remember best left in the 80s.as another reviewer said, they don't screw around with spice. if you ask for it very spicey you better watch yourself.
5	My absolute favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley!I just happened upon this place over 4 years ago.  Though the decor was a bit cheesy, it has improved over the years.The service can't be beat!  As soon as my drink is almost empty enough to flag someone down, someone comes by and takes it for a refill.  I've never even had to remind them of what I'm drinking.What to get?The Thai beef sticks with peanut sauce to start.  (By the way, I never know the real names of stuff, so bear with me) They have green, red and yellow curry.  My favorite:  The red curry with shrimp and pineapple.  Ohhhhhhhhhhh my mouth starts watering as soon as I place my order.I always get two entrees, so I can take home the leftovers. MY FAVORITE DISH HERE:  The catfish.  I order "Thai hot" and as soon as it hits the table, my head clears up and I dig in with such zest, it's like I haven't eaten for days.I love the rice, too!  Sticky and it holds the sauces well.Finish up with the coconut ice cream.  GREAT palate-cleanser!Prices are great, or I wouldn't get the extra food to take home!
3	this was my first time to try this place. im from the bay area, california & i come to arizona whenever my dad has to come to work here. my dad's coworkers took us to this place for lunch earlier today. i thought it was gonna be super good. especially hearing from them that they absolutely love this place.the service was really great. our food came out really quick. i felt a little cramped eating tho. the booth we were sitting in was really tight. i thought the table was way tooooo close to me.we ordered the pineapple fried rice. it was really good but i feel like it could of been better. we also had pad thai. didnt like it too much. it had no kind of flavor to it. ive had way better back at home. but this restaurant is really nice. very modern decor. nice area. i gave it 3 stars.. pad thai needs more flavor to it and seats need to be more spacey.
5	While it is true that Touch of Thai is nothing special to look at, the food more then makes up for it!  Actually, I always get mine to-go.  The Panang and Red Curry are soooo good that I never get anything else.  I'm a curry fan in general and this place has the best. It is very creamy with lots of coconut milk and they can make it as spicy as you want- so beware!  I do wish that they had brown rice and would put a few more veggies in their curries, but otherwise the flavor is right on!      I recently went to Hong Kong and had some amazing Red Curry and was a little sad that I would probably never get to taste it as good again, but this place saved the day!  Yeah, I get a little too excited about curry.     Lastly, in my experience this restaurant doesn't have any sort of odd smell like another reviewer suggested.
4	Yeah, yeah the decor is tacky and dated.  But you don't come to Touch of Thai for the sexiness of its appeal, you come here for the food.  $5.95 will get you a complete lunch of Red Curry, soup, wontons and an eggroll.  That's cheaper than Kyoto Bowl!  And yes it's delicious.  The aroma of the red curry is intoxicating, the scent of the coconut milk had my mouth watering before I'd even taken a bite. The flavor is rich and just sweet enough, with the perfect amount of spice for my taste (I ordered mild).  It could have used a few more veggies - there were only 3 green beans in my entire dish. Not the best Thai food I've ever had, but it was certainly up there.  I would definitely recommend this place for good service, quality food and cheap eats.
4	This is the best Thai place I have been to. The service is always great the portions are big and the prices are reasonable. I'm a vegetarian so everytime i come here I get a tofu dish with their egg rolls.  I can't put my finger on what it is but everytime I come here I get sick but I always go back for more thats how good their food is.
4	Touch of Thai is probably the best I've found so far in the Valley.  Satay is the ultimate gauge of a Thai restaurant IMHO, if your satay sucks you've just tarnished my opinion of your entire establishment.  Is it fair?  Maybe so, maybe not but I got my standards!!Theirs is pretty good, their noodle dishes (pad see u, pad kee mau, etc,) are also good choices.  I am a big fan of spicy food and their menu does not disappoint in that regard when I specify that I like it HOT!!!Have fun!  And a Singha!
4	Decor  functional Staff friendly and are really kind to our toddlerfood rocks  within my  limited range of  red and yellow curries ( so much so they suggested I try something else, hey it's not my fault these are so good that I didn't want to risk anything lesser. Prices are a bargain for entrees,  spice is there, they really get the request to make it very very hot.   This is probably the best bargain  in North Phoenix for  spice hounds
4	this is the first Thai place I've been to other than a Chinese restaurant that served Thai food. I really enjoyed eating here and would go back.  The waiter & waitress both were friendly, personable and attentive. I would enjoy going back and trying more on their huge menu. I went here awhile ago so can't remember for sure what i got, but it was good - good enough that i took leftovers home and ate them the next day or so. Not sure if the place was that out of the ordinary (decor or type of food) for tourists or just some co-workers but this group was taking pictures of the food items pictured on the windows and more pictures of the bar area inside??? kinda weird...Don't go here before 12 on Saturday!!!
1	Just shoot me.  A Touch of Thai is just that: "a TOUCH of Thai" :)  I haven't tasted such below average Thai food before.  Go to Siam Thai not far from here, but sooo much better: http://feastinginphoenix.com/?p=289Siam Thai has more authentic taste than Thai restaurants I'm used to eating at in Phoenix.  Their Phad Kee Mao is wonderful, by the way.  They're at 5008 W. Northern Ave, Glendale, AZ 85301.  Open Tues-Sun.  Go--you won't be disappointed.  Tell me what you think after you go.
4	I have no idea how or what to order when going to Thai. Infact this is the 2nd time i have been here. I ordered a lunch special # 8 @ $5.95. It came with a soup, spring roll, rice, main and some sort of fried dough. It was a choice of chicken or beef with some carrots, shallots, onion in a great tasting sauce. It was all really good. The spiceyness was mild as requested, then I added a little bit of heat. There was just enough food for a lunch size portion. I would be upset if the dinner was te same. The decor is still outdated, the service was excellent, the food was great.
5	YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!Oh. My. Lord.Best Thai Food in Phoenix.Erawan=no.Pink Pepper=only when I'm starvingTouch of Thai=anytime. any day.I'm obsessed with Thai food. The best I've had was in California but now that I'm here, I go for Touch of Thai. Wowsa.The Pad Thai and Pad See Ew is incredible.The servers are very nice.It can get busy but seriously, it's worth any wait.MAN! I WANT SOME RIGHT NOW!!!
3	Service was very slow but the food was quite good.
4	I really like Touch of Thai. My eating out adventures usually stem from my good friend Kevin, who is a vegetarian, and though very nice, I wouldn't want to serve him in a restaurant, just very picky.... Kevin loves this place, always suggesting that we go there, the other day I happily agreed, as it is not even very far from my house. The service is always great, very nice people run this place. Become a regular (like my friend Kevin) and the service and food is even better. This time we had the Tohm Khah soup with tofu, it had always been one of my favorites as i think it blends spice and coconut milk together so very nicely. make sure to order some steamed rice to come along with the soup as it is perfect to soak up all the goodness. We also had the Panang Curry with tofu, and it has carrots and green beans in it too, med spice on this one today was pretty warm, but not to the point where we couldn't enjoy our meal. As for the price, a great deal. Lunch combos for only 5.95, and our soup was 8.95 and was enough for both of us to enjoy we didn't even finish it all and took it home for later. For some reason even tho the decor is kinda...well.....i don't know the right word for it.... but anyway for some reason this place just makes me only want to eat out at local business you know, make sure my income goes back into the local community? I only have one suggestion, maybe some patio seating?, maybe just even two tables outside, the biker bar two or three businesses down the strip mall, doesn't bother or "scare" me at all. Its just nice to be outside sometimes.oh one last tip if you've never been here...  Mon thru Fri they close for a break @ 2:30pm and then reopen for dinner @ 5pm . But sat and sunday they are open from noon till ten I think.
3	Food:  3.5Service: 2Summary:  Great lunch joint with a group who enjoys some spicy thaiI've come here twice and both times it took more than 10 minutes for the server to acknowledge our presence, even though there weren't a whole lot of people there.That said, they're lunch menu is great.  About $9 total for meal, tax, and a 20% tip for some really good food.  I recommend the Red Curry, extra spicy.  Also if you like heat, get some of their extra hot sauce/chili pepper selections.Definitely a favorite for the work-crowd, so definitely will be coming back for more in the future.
3	Food: A'ight, I guess.  Dishes requested mild came out spicier than things requested medium.  Authenticity seems lacking.  If this place were a little larger, I would say that it's popularity combined with its generic-osity would garner it my new ubiquitous phrase, "Touch of Thai is the WalMart of Thai food".Menu:nice descriptions of items for those who may not be familiar.  decent selectionDecor: could be straight out of a place named "Gramma's Diner"Name:Awkward.  First time I ever heard of this restaurant, it was by overhearing a coworker suggest to another that they should go "touch a Thai".  Perked my ears up, fo sho.  I gave myself a self-invite, but was not as satisfied after eating the food as I thought I would be after touching...nevermind.
4	I've been to this restaurant a few times with my friend K when we both get a craving for thai food. They have very good thai iced tea, and whenever we go, all of our items are hot and delicious. She usually gets some sort of soup item and some appetizers. I usually get the chicken satay, and the phad thai with chicken and tofu. I only remember some minor issues with this place: 1) ordering something mild doesn't always get you mild, in fact one of my dishes was pretty darn spicy. A little surprising. 2) My friend K had a gross shrimpy incident, where she pulled all of the shrimp out of whatever dish she got because they tasty old and..."yucky".I never order shrimp so.. yeah. But the chicken and tofu are always A+!:)
5	My husband and I have been going to the Touch of Thai for years. We meet up there at least twice a month for a lunch date. On special occasions we take friends and family there for dinner. I love the wait staff - especially Nick! His wonderful sarcasm and jokes always make our day! For the amount of food you get at lunch at the price they charge - you can't beat it. Everything is homemade and tastes fresh. #3 Yellow Curry is my hubby's favorite. Rich coconut based sauce with yellow curry. The chicken is tender and the potatoes and carrots are cooked perfectly. I venture off and try things from time to time. The food is spicy. I like the incorporation of fresh herbs into the dishes. The soup served with lunch is always yummy and changes from time to time. We always get a side order of spring rolls. You need to try these! I like the Pad Thai as well as the #5 and #7 lunch specials. Meals are served fairly quickly. Sometimes we have to get up and refill our own water glasses however I find this to be a wee bit charming. Feels like I am home. If you go there on a regular basis the servers remember you, have your order into the kitchen before you even are seated, and always say hello and smile.
4	Solid Thai food in North Phoenix.  The portions were a little on the small side, but we got $6 lunch specials that came with an egg roll and fried wontons, so it's likely that the dinner orders are a bit more generous.I had a chicken red curry ordered Thai hot and was happy that they were actually willing to make it hot for me.  Too many Thai places won't actually make their food hot, although I've found that the magic words "I promise I won't send it back" go a long way when ordering.  When the server brought out my dish he said that they made it "diarrhea hot," which took me by surprise as diarrhea is a word that a server should never, ever say.  I was unfazed though, and ended up eating a delicious curry that had a good amount of spice to it.The restaurant itself is large, open, and comfortable, and the food is good.
4	I'm only going to review this restaurant for lunch as I haven't had dinner here yet.  With that said I enjoyed this place.  The food is spicy like most Thai food is.  Portions are a little small for the lunch specials, but still is enough food to fill you up.  Service is very attentive and the food comes out much quicker than expected.  The decor is somewhat old looking but still has some flair to it.Overall I'll keep this place on my radar for when I want some good Thai food that won't disappoint me.  I don't think you can go wrong with checking this restaurant out.
4	After a few weeks of craving red curry chicken, I got my fix at A Touch of Thai.  It was very quiet and my server was very friendly.  The Thai Tea was yummy too!  I will definitely be using this place for the nights of take out and a movie.  Can't wait for leftovers tomorrow :-)
4	Went with some friends for the first time and we all shared our dishes.  Everything was very tasty- I really enjoyed everything.  I will go back here often.
5	I'm visiting family in the Phoenix area for a couple of weeks. I was getting hungry for Thai food, but don't know the area well enough to know where all the good Thai restaurants are. I asked a family friend and she suggested this place, as she's a regular.Touch of Thai is a little restaurant located in a strip mall in Peoria, AZ. Don't let the unimpressive setting deter you from a visit!Five of us came in for a late lunch today and were treated very well. The waitstaff was friendly and the service top-notch. However, the food is the true stand-out here, and it's very reasonably priced. The red curry ranks up with the best I've had in my home state of Minnesota, and we have a LOT of Thai restaurants. If you've saved room for dessert, order a "snowball," which consists of black sticky rice and coconut ice cream, and be prepared for a real taste treat... their ice cream is made on premises. I'm glad we split it because I might've ended up eating the whole thing myself.I may try some other Thai places while I'm here, but I could end up comparing them to this one. Touch of Thai was a great intro to Thai food in the Phoenix area.
3	This place is just ok. This is on my lunch rotation as I work in N. Phoenix so I occasionally stop here.Service is always ok, decor is about on par with other Phoenix Thai joints located in yet another infamous strip mall. Prices are reasonable, portions are ok.The reason I would not give them 4 stars is because the last time I went I asked for VERY hot and the dish was not. I had a spicy basil tofu dish and the tofu was severely lacking. I know how much tofu costs; even the good stuff is relatively cheap - load me up!This has got to be one of the most boring reviews ever but maybe I am getting my point across about Touch of Thai. If you are in N. Phoenix there are certainly worse places to eat, meh.......whatever.
5	Favorite Thai place. Great curries and pad Thai. What else is there?  I wouldn't know although I have had a few other items and they are good too but I seem to go back to my old favs.
2	This place deserved a 2.5 star rating but that was not an option. Despite the prior reviews, I was disappointed after eating here. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't good. We had egg rolls (which ended up being spring rolls), panang chicken and a shrimp dish. The shrimp were small Whig was overcompensated by the green beans. The curry dish was the best dish we had.
4	Nice vegetrian section on the menu that reproduces all the options that could come with meat (instead of just implying you could sub tofu). Good stuff; got take-out tonight of (Vegetarian) Spicy Noodle and had a Thai Iced Tea while I waited. I asked for in-between medium and hot on the former and it came out just right. The Thai Iced Tea was standard issue. 12 bucks for the dinner and drink. Very happy with that I had.
5	I LOVE Touch of Thai! I eat here any chance I get & I've never been disappointed with their vegetarian dishes. I haven't tried a lot of their veggie selection, but as for now my absolute favorite is #69 - Tofu Curry. Mmm mmm! I am also a huge fan of their Pad Thai and their Thai Iced Tea. Great stuff!
4	Great fast service. And the red curry with tofu was delectable.
2	We went to the place, just like that after hearing some good reviews. But, unfortunately we did not like much of it. The food is more typical and traditional thai, than we were used to, on the top of that the tacky interiors were a bummer. I'm a sucker for food and ambience... we asked for doggy bag and the waiter took the food with her and packed it inside, i did not feel good about it, so even after taking it home, i did not not eat it. But overall service was nice and very polite.I guess i might go there after 6 months, if im totally out of places to go.. probability of which is pretty low.
4	Great food. Their dishes are quite good. My only disappointment was that our server could not speak Thai.
3	Their curry is so yummy! Ordered for take out and when we went to pick up I got to meet the infamous witty waiter, who took his last chance to see if we wanted to eat in! He's funny. Just for that ,next time we're eating in. We ordered the green curry, but got the #52 curry, and although I wanted the green curry, I very much enjoyed the 52. haha. The food was pretty good, pad thai seemed a bit sweet for me, but not too much for me to not like it. We had some other beef and vegetable meal with carrots, onions and broccoli i believe, I really liked that too. The BF wanted to just order 2 curry's, after that I know I could be totally satisfied getting 2 different curry's. I'll be back for another touch of thai!
3	I went here for dinner on a weekday. 7:45 PM.I ordered the spicy lemon grass soup (#15) and Pad Thai.The service was slow. It took forever (20 min) to get our order in (for two ppl)The soup was served. the 4.95 portion is big enough for two.It was pretty good but not Amazing.The Pad Thai was pretty good, served in a large portion.I definitely needed a to go box.I think this is a better lunch place, since they serve warm soup immediately during lunch hours free of charge.I'll try lunch next time.
4	What  a great lunch spot!  I ordered the Yellow Curry dish and with it came a bowl of ginger rice soup, an eggroll, side of rice and some wonton chips - all for $6.95.  The curry was delicious - full of flavor!  I will definitely go back.
4	Best Thai I've had on the west side of town. Hands down.
4	I've been to Touch of Thai twice now and ordered the Sweet & Sour dish with crispy chicken and both times was super impressed. The sauce is REALLY good and the portion is well sized. I also tried the fried rice with tofu this time and was in absolute heaven!The decor isn't too great, kind of just plain and the bathroom wasn't very impressive, but the quality of food and extremely friendly staff make this a 4 star kind of place in my book. Our waiter was incredibly friendly and helpful in making recommendations. I will definitely continue to eat here when I'm looking for a Thai fix!!
2	After finding out my favorite Thai restaurant is closed Monday's, I desperately search yelp mobile for the closest Thai restaurant. This one wasn't too far of a drive so I excitedly drive over to 35th Avenue and Bell. I find Touch of Thai in a less than nice strip mall, but I know better than to judge a book by it's cover. I walk in, and am greeted not only by the hostess, but a smell. Not a "oh my, the food smells DELISH", but a "what the hell is that?" kinda smell.This is the night that I finally figured out that NO THAI RESTAURANT should ever SMELL. Any of the ones that I've ever given terrible reviews for have had a stench! The menu is weird to say the least.  It's like I'm in a thai restaurant but am looking at a chinese menu.  The service was mediocre, and the food was less than average. I ordered my green curry a 10 on the spicy scale, and my sister ordered her spicy noodle at a 5. They screwed up and gave her the 10 and me the 5. Boy was a jealous as she was sitting across from me sweating and blowing her nose, while I add chili powder, Thai chilli's and red peppers to get that wonderful burn! No such luck...no 10, and I kinda ruined the flavor. DARN! If only they would've listened.   The green curry wasn't the best I've had.  Not a variety of vegetables that I love and get from Siam Thai.The waitress checked on us maybe 3 times the entire meal, and she took 10 minutes to bring our check. "People on YELP love us" says the sticker on their door...well I'm a people and I don't love you.
3	I've had a few other dishes and they weren't nearly as good as the first. Not many good thai places on the west side, so I guess this place will have to do.
5	I chose this place as one of my 2 weekend restaurants to go to.  And I am so glad I did!  I have been waiting to find an amazing Thai restaurant and I found it!  So the place is beautiful and clean.  While inside you would never know you were in a strip mall.  We ordered the Chicken Pad Thai Hot and the Sweet and Sour Pork.  It came out in less than 10 minutes!  We were so surprised!  And the waitress was so nice.  I am very picky about my pad thai and the flavor combination.  This one was right on!  It was perfectly sweet but so spicy with the slight egg flavor.  It made my eyes roll back as my taste buds were in heaven.  I am glad to say this is my Thai spot.  The sweet and sour was mouth watering.  The tricky thing about sweet and sour is the sauce can taste face or pre-bought.  Not at TOT!  It was so good and fresh and it was a great choice.  I HIGHLY recommend and I can't wait to go back and try the curry.
3	great yellow curry and Thai tea here. think this the BEST chicken Satay I have ever had, but its made the traditional way so be prepared to wait awhile for it .  well worth it
4	Searching yelp for Thai, I found TOT.Walked in and noticed a lot of Asian Indian groups, usually a sign of good Thai food at especially low prices.  I ordered a bowl of Tom Yum Goong ($4.95) and Phat Grapao with rice ($8.95) - I selected spicey for both.  Tasty soup, lots of big shrimp, lemon grass, galanga and mushrooms.  The grapao came quickly and I hadn't had time to finish the very warm soup so I set it off to the side.  The jasmine rice had a hint of light sweetness (normal) and made a nice contrast to the veggies and chicken in the grapao.I enjoyed the meal and service was fast, prompt and polite - would definitely go back.
3	First time ordering calamari salad...which had a strong onion (??) flavor and tasted weird...Being raised on Vietnamese food, the strangest of foods has been in my mouth, but I think this falls into the acquired taste category...As in I never acquired a taste for this.Pad thai was okay...the noodles were a bit over seasoned. I felt like I should've eaten it with rice to tone down the flavor.Papaya salad was good...still on the look out for that authentic not watered down version, though. Just like my friend's mom makes it! Yum!Thai omelet. Good.The people were really friendly as well, which helps, but you KNOW I'm all about the food.I had takeout and the box for the calamari salad read: "Carimali Salad". :) I love it!
5	I have been going to this place for years.  I just love, love this place.  If you like hot spicy food, then look no further.  They are kid friendly.  They know us by our names.  It's one of my favortie place to eat.  My favorite dish is the Panang chicken.   You won't be disappointed.
3	I have nothing to complain about the food quality since food quality here was always great.  Granted, I have been here for 5 to 6 times.  Everytime I was there; they were always short of staff.  You can see many tables except maybe 2 are occupied by customers, but there are only max of 2 servers.  Especially when they are waiting to get their check or sign their credit card receipt, it takes forever for the servers to come.  I feel bad for the servers, and I would suggest Touch of Thai have at least one more server to accomodate the number of customers they have.
4	We've been going here for about four years and really love the food. They do a really good shrimp and pineapple curry and pad thai. And we always share a scoop of their homemade coconut ice cream, which is the BEST coconut ice cream you'll ever have.My one complaint, and for me it's a real annoyance, is the music. Loud, sappy love songs do not make for a pleasant dining experience, especially in an ethnic restaurant. Why not play traditional music (but at a volume that people can still have a conversation with each other)?
5	This place is awesome nice layout for dining in, thai art on the wall, looks like ikea lighting but the food is what you want to know about right? Get in here everything I have had in and take out was delicious and they will go thai spicy on you if you can handle it.  I'm talking about lips burning at midnight after you finished eating at 7pm! All the thai staples are great pad thai, the brown sauce noodle.  They have some cool appetizers go see for yourself!
4	This review is for dinner on Sat, Aug 20th.My bro and his ladyfriend have wanted to take me and my man-guy here for a while. Finally hooked it up. First impression... meh. It is ok inside, nothing fancy, and nearly totally empty at 7 pm on a Saturday... close to primetime dinner hour for nw Phx. Rut-roh. Our server... servers?... could not have been more attentive, from the minute we sat down until we left nearly two hours later. Oh yeah, and they managed this as a steady stream of people began to fill the place. And more people. We ordered beef & chicken satay (w/peanut sauce & cucumber salad with chiles)... both excellent. Oh, and the chicken & beef cabbage wraps. The chicken was astronomically tasty, yum!! Beef was soooo good too. Entrees, in order of yumminess: chile catfish (hot), pad Thai seafood (hot), chile eggplant with chicken (med-hot), and duck something. The first three were phenomenal, spiced perfectly to order, steaming hot fresh and just bursting with flavor. The heat was never overwhelming and easily dowsed with a frosty cold one. We ate ourselves silly, drank through countless stories and laughs, and walked out of there with leftovers for under $62 per couple. The man-guy and I cannot wait to go back. Food, service are incredible. The pricing makes this place feel like a steal next to other Thai spots. Ambiance is simple but I felt as welcome as a guest in someone's home. A new favorite... love it!!
2	I found the portions to be very small for the price. I had the garlic chicken for dinner and the amount of chicken in the dish probably added up to the size of a small kitten.
5	If you are looking for a fancy place... you better go somewhere else. If you want great food and great service, come on in.I was not a big fan of Thai food until I met Touch of Thai. It is a big favorite of people in my office. We usually order the same stuff (soup, catfish and red or yellow curry chicken).Their lunch portions are reasonable size and price.They are very friendly and don't make faces if you ask them to split the check, even for big parties.Once I ordered lunch to go and I forgot it at the table : (they took it off my bill the next time I was there : )
4	This place has real great food and great service. Reasonably priced and lunch/dinner portions are reasonable too. It's not a fancy place but would definitely recommend if you are in Phoenix area for good Thai food.
2	I was craving some pad thai and I noticed this place when I was headed to the Arrowhead area. I will say that the staff were really friendly but the pad that was just ok. It was made with ramen noodles and not pad thai noodles. I asked for thai hot, and it was no where near hot, let alone thai hot. I will say that the eggrolls I got were very tasty, but the pad thai left much to be desired. I will give this place it another try to see if it was a fluke.
4	great thai food in phoenix.have tried a couple of the thai restaurant around phoenix, so far none of them hit my taste bud. this one does a job well.if you like thai food. this one will be the one to try.
4	This is great thai food, and the staff is always very friendly and willing to give suggestions.  Take my word for it though, "hot" is very spicy!
4	It was a dreary cold and rainy day....Ok, well maybe not, this is Arizona.I was absolutely starving at work and craving some GOOD Thai.  I headed over to Touch of Thai because the reviews were fantastic.For an appetizer I tried the Crispy noodle. I've had it at other places and have liked it. You really cannot mess it up and Touch of Thai didn't. Don't expect a lot of meat on it though but the one or two pieces of shrimp and port were very good. I love the crispy noodle because it's sweet and reminds me of rice crispy treats. Add a little soy sauce to it and you got yourself a sweet and salty treat!I also ordered the Red Curry with chicken for my entree. It was very good and filling. I tried the medium heat and I'm thankful I didn't go with hot because, ouch, it was hot enough at medium!  The chicken was great, wasn't dry and there was plenty of it. The carrots, green beans and bamboo shoots were fresh and crispy instead of all mushy like I've experienced at other places.  Very good.The waiter was great! Very friendly and attentive. Wasn't hard to be attentive since I was in the door right as they opened for the day and was his only customer....bonus! If you're around this area and want some good curry, head on over to Touch of Thai, for sure.
4	Just an update- we went there a couple of nights ago. Very busy but the staff was moving as fast as they could and remained friendly as always. The food was excellent. The waitress with the haircut that goes across her eyes needs to pull it back though. I spent an hour watching her running her hands through her hair as she served food!
5	Touch of Thai has amazing food with fast, friendly service. I recommend going there for lunch. They have great specials.
3	I like pad thai.I really do.  And that is about as much as I know about thai food.That being said, I do like Touch of thai.  The staff is always friendly and the food is always tasty.However, there are two shrimp on my pad thai.  Only one when my husband takes his shrimp that I am pretty sure were written into our vows when we wed.  It went something like... "In sickness and health, to always give me a shrimp off your plate, till death do us part"Anyway, a couple more wouldn't kill them.Also, the place is kind of.... well.... run down?  The decor is a bit out of date, there are strange stains in strange places.... the bathroom is....well, not nearly as bad as a gas station in Blythe, but not awesome either.But, the food is good. A little mild, come on guys I can handle it.
5	My favorite Thai on the west side! The Tom Yum Kai and Panang Curry are AMAZING! Hint: Get the Panang Curry with Salmon AND Beef!
3	i wish i could rate higher for this restaurant but again it comes down to the cleanliness of the place. although i wouldn't say it is truly dirty it is a little run down, the walls are a weird green color and apparently its not a washable paint because there stains on the walls which i don't like to see in a place im eating, the bathrooms are again not filthy dirty but still gross, they always have sort of a sewer gas back up smell, there are bags of charcoal tied to the underside of the sinks probably to help absorb the smells but just looks weird and they don't air condition the bathrooms so there hot and humid. that aside the food is very good, i highly recommend the pad thai. we order it without the shrimp but its good either way. there servers are always nice and attentive enough but not annoyingly so,they have a nice selection of beers which are delivered to the table with an icy mug. all in all a good place, I go there once or twice a month.
3	I would love to give this place 4 stars, the atmosphere and service was very good. I got the chicken skewers with peanut butter sauce as an appetizer, and the pad thai for dinner and both were delicious, I would also highly recommend the thai tea it's iced tea with a sweet cream in it. My Boyfriend got the Pepper steak and it was bland and watery, thus the 3 stars. Great little restaurant, but don't get the pepper steak.
3	Pretty Good Food but Service was pretty bad.Took us walking up to pay check after waiting 30 minutes to get waitress attention which she never came back.Do it again, yes but would make sure they know my issue when I order.
4	Yumm!  Thai tea, spicy Thai beef salad, number 23a and a 32, all of it was delicious! I recommend this place. Just don't go in a hurry because you will be there a while
4	I went here with my mother after a recommendation from one of her friends because I had a craving for Thai food. The waitress was very helpful and very fast. Their little black and green lamps are really cute as well. My god though, the exterior of this establishment reeks! It didn't help we were seated right near the front of the restaurant so I always had the faint smell of sewage running in and out of my nose.I like to base my impression of a Taiwanese establishment on their curry; I LOVE yellow curry and if it's too runny, not enough vegetables, etc. then I'm out of there. I thought their curry was very delicious and it had just the right amount of consistency and spice. My mom had some dish with silver noodles and was also impressed. The only thing that was a little concerning to me was how fast my waitress brought out  the food. Normally that would be a good thing but it took around five or so minutes for her to take our orders in and bring out the food. I couldn't help but feel I received someone's leftovers or some sort of extra food in the back. It was delicious anyway though lol.I would definitely come back here again if I had a craving for some good food or spicy dishes :)
5	Great food my go to Thai restaurant.
5	Staff - Super NiceBeer - ColdFood - AmazingMike - Happy
4	The food and staff here are great. They are really fast at getting your order and your meal out which makes it ideal for lunch if you work nearby. Interior could use some refining, but the food keeps me coming back. I've had at least 4 different dishes on the lunch menu and I've never been disappointed with the quality or portions!
5	Tried the Silver Noodles with chicken & a thai tea. My fiance had the Garlic Pepper Chicken with Pineapple Fried Rice. The food was delicious & the service was fast. Our waiter was courteous and and a very entertaining personality, will definitely cone back here.
4	This was our first visit to touch of Thai  and by all accounts it was a good one!  The staff was pleasant and helpful, and the appearance is strip mall chic, but pleasant inside.  We started with a large won ton soup which was served in a large round bowl with a flaming cone in the center serving to keep the soup hot.  Cool.  Dishes served were BBQ pork which was good, but not what we were expecting.  Also, cashew chicken which was delicious and perfectly seasoned as medium heat, and my daughter had the shrimp fried rice of which we brought 3/4 home with us.  Would definitely recommend!
5	Went for dinner last night (Sunday), slower than usual, which was nice. Service was great and the food was even better. Highly recommend the hot and sour soup.
4	pretty darn tasty if you ask me!I picked up to go on the way home, i really wanted to go to Bangkok Thai but its not really on my way home so i thought i would check out this little gem.Of course my order consisted of Chicken Green Curry med and Pad thai combo and usually I get Tom Kah but I went for beef satay this time cause the bf, who has never had thai before, asked for something with beef. The green curry tasted just as expected, creamy and delish with just the perfect amount of spice for med, i prefer it hotter but again the bf is new to thai. The pad thai was lacking on the protein front for being combo but the flavor was quite nice even though the noodles were a little too sticky.Im not a huge skewered beef fan but my bf enjoyed every last bit of the beef satay. I do have to say the peanut sauce was lacking a little heat even though it was tasty.Whenever I have a hankering for some thai on my way from home work i will definately have this place on my radar.
4	My business associates and I have been eating at Touch of Thai for at least 3 years.  Their friendly service and excellent food keep us coming back.  It's a great little restaraunt in North Phoenix.  Give it a try
4	Start with a Thai tea and small jewel soup. I had the pad thai and it was great. I'd comeback here again.
4	I really liked this place, the portions weren't as big as I'm used to... but the heat and flavor were pretty good! Staff is very kind and helpful. I will definitely come back anytime I'm in the area.
5	By far, the best Thai food I have ever had. I love the reaction I get when I order it spicy and they ask how spicy and I tell them, as spicy as you can make it. I love their squid and other more exotic foods, but the chicken is always cooked perfectly as well. I have tried a sauteed tofu dish that was really yummy when I am in the mood for something lighter. I work nearby, so on occasion, get to sneak out to go to lunch. And it is worth it. Amazing, yummy food, delightful service, and a great little place. The decor is a bit out dated, but Im okay with that. It doesn't distract me from the wonderful aroma when you walk in to the zesty, savory, flavors of their cuisine. I recommend them to everyone!
4	Stuck in a little strip mall, which seems typical for the area. Nice ambiance given that. The staff was delightful and helpful, and the panang curry was excellent, as was the Thai iced tea and the Thai tea ice cream. I would definitely return and recommend.
4	AMAZING CURRY!!!!!I went for lunch and was very impressed.  They have a huge selection vegetarian and not and all priced very well.  I got the Red Curry Chicken with a Thai egg roll, rice and fried wonton for $6.95 what a steal.  You can get as hot as you like which I like a lot of spice in my life and they delivered.  I will be back for sure in the near future and I am kicking myself for taking this long to try it.  Also after reading reviews I saw the service was bad and I had no issues with service they were very prompt and even refilled my soda without even having to ask.
5	ALWAYS AMAZING! ALWAYS YUMMY! Excellent service! I was worried moving to the N Valley I wouldnt find a good Thai place. We found one. We go probably 3times a month. Being mostly vegan they can cater to this palette..you can also request to steam tofu instead of fried tofu!
5	Service and quality consistently good and tasty. They will sub items no questions asked. Thai has become my favorite Asian good due to this place.
4	I really liked my food, the service was quick and the place was nice. Definitely a place to go again.
1	Not so good. Not clean. Try Siam thai. Much better and clean
4	I have been out to a lot of Thai restaurants in DC, NYC and LA and I am happy that I found Touch of Thai. Located in a non-descript strip mall in North Phoenix, it has a really good menu full of the basics (not a lot of surprises to be found on it), very well prepared food and everything seemed fresh- an example being that the spring rolls tasted house-made and not frozen. The yellow curry was great. It wasn't too hot but the flavors of a Thai curry are definitely spicy. Next time I'm here I'll try the red, green or Panang curry.The chairs in the dining room- a little uncomfortable for a lengthy dinner with friends and a few Singhas. The booths looked to be more plush but definitely a tight squeeze for those seated beside one another. Lots of thigh-touch possible- as in your outer thigh touching your seat mate's outer thigh. Perhaps the inspiration behind the restaurant's name? Service was good, but on the slow side. The house-made coconut ice cream made me wish I could buy a pint to take home.At 6:30 on a Saturday night, there were maybe 3 other tables in the small dining room. Half an hour later, there were 6-8 people waiting for a table.If you have friends who are afraid of Thai food, you could start them off here and they'd find plenty of mild/pretty-close-to-Chinese food choices for a meal. Vegetarians also have a multitude of options. Prices are very reasonable.
5	We have an addition to the family style menu (coconut soup and catfish -18 and 45 I think-, chicken curry, and something else called crispy chicken, it is really good.)Also, if you need your fix of caffeine for the day (or the next few days) try the thai tea... I do not want to know what is in there because it may be a ton of calories, lol... However, it is my drink of choice when we come here.Staff is friendly and Nick is great.Thanks!
1	I'm sorry for not being able to give a full review of this place, but it was bad - REAL bad!There were four of us in our party and after rejecting the first seat that was full of worn off red duct tape - we were sat down by a pleasant enough person and order 3 diet cokes and a Corona. One person from the party had to use the restroom and when she returned - it was about over with for food. I wanted to check things out myself, because I know that the cleanliness of a restroom can reveal significant deficiencies for the entire restaurant.. I couldn't even GET to the bathroom - when I opened the door to where the restrooms were - I had to immediately turn around. The smell of urine was SO strong there was no change we were going to stay and eat.I couldn't believe the sign in the front door mentioned Yelp and I couldn't believe the rating of this place. We paid $11.21 for our three cokes and a beer and left for True Foods! I have to give this place a one star because I cannot go lower, but this was the absolute worst place I have ever been too and hope I don't find one worse!
4	Good. Not authentic, but I think the name suggests it's just a "touch of Thai". I'd say more than a touch though. I really enjoy the yellow curry. The red was a bit too watery. The spicy eggplant had nice flavor. The shrimp did not taste fresh.All in all, cute place. I would return.
3	3.5 starsI would like to give them more stars but they have some work to do.Foodwise its some of the best Thai food I've had in the area. Lots of options, very flavorful, well priced. Service-wise its lacking. There is a particular waitress working there who is always very "confused". I assure when you go you will know who I'm talking about. No real harm done, just lots of delay and mixed up orders. But my real issue with the place is that it smells...Not like food smells but border lining sewage smell. I almost walked out of there as soon as I walked in last time I was here,  but I was starving so I decided to stay lol. I pray that its not coming from the kitchen but my 'wrenching' gut tells me its from the bathroom. The bathroom is pretty gross and unkempt for a rather nice restaurant. Both the bathroom and decor could use a little work... it would take this place from a 3 to a 4 star for sure!Anyway, onto the food. *Spicy Thai Fried rice- your standard fried rice, not very spicy though for my Indian tongue so you have to specify if you want spicier*Silver noodles- so yummy, they use vermicelli-like glass noodles, al dente, mixed with veggies and your choice of meat. recommended. * Pad thai- Also very yummy, their version comes with shrimp, tofu and chicken and the noodles are thinner than other pad thai I've had* Red curry- Very tasty coconut red curry, sweet and spicy but different from Panang (too sweet in my opinion). Their version comes with bamboo shoots and green beans and I like to add eggplant, it really soaks up the curry* #26- I totally forgot what this dish was called but it was number 26 under "Entrees." The waitress recommended it as it is a popular item to order, and I'm glad she did. It was carrots sauteed with meat and onions in a brown sauce that reminds me a little of black bean sauce at chinese restaurants. I think everyone would like this dish!*Thai tea- meh I've had better. I suspect they get theirs from a bottle. I want to go back and try some other items, especially the Tom Yum.  With a little work this place could be even better!
4	Touch of Thai is a modern restaurant with a small bar and a quiet staff.If you go here, and you like Thai food, then you will really like the food. It is great! I have had the BBQ and the a few of their curry dishes. All excellent.But it isn't authentic, it's very modern. My only complaint is the staff speed. It is very close to where I work and you have to be on top of the staff to get your check in time to make it back to work, but it's still a great lunch spot, as they make their food and serve it very quickly.I definitely recommend this place to anyone who like good food.Also, the prices are incredible for the food you get!
1	Used to have a 4 stars with me. Not no more.I have made two visits since my last review and each was was worse than the last.My last visit  was a to-go order. Pad Thai, Pineapple Fried Rice, Summer rolls and combo appetizer. Pad Thai was good. Not outstanding, but I did not feel cheated.Combo platter was good, just overpriced for what you get.The Pineapple Rice had NO pineapple in it. NONE. Really? Who misses the ingredient that the dish is named after? Seriously?I got my answer...The same one who made the summer rolls.There was way too much thai basil in them. It was like eating a bouquet of flowers. This is why I opened them up and found the lettuce.The lettuce inside was the thickest nastiest white part that was all oxidized.To the trash with them.There are too many options that are just a little further away...but worth the drive.Original review..I have been here three times over the last couple of years. The first two times were 5 starts easy. I seek out Thai when I travel and this is one of the better Thai places when I am home. We tried the following items.Duck - I cannot remember the exact dish, but it was not the Crispy Duck. It was just OK. I like duck, but not this dish in particular. I would NOT order this dish again. Others liked it, so don;t take my word for it.My buddy and I each ordered the red curry chicken. I went with Medium and he with the  Hot. The hotness was just right and they have the Thai chili peppers and various hot sauces to add more. Mu only complaint was the green beans were very "woody". Not canned, but too old and they lost their freshness and were like chewing on Lincoln Logs (remember those?). I would have preferred they left them out because the rest of the dish was excellent. Because they were included they affected the rating.The Chicken Satay which was moist and full of flavor.The Summer Rolls with Shrimp were very good. Lots of fresh veggies and wrapped in rice paper with the accompanying sauces. Though there could have used more shrimp.We went on Saturday early evening and they were not very busy. Scary on a Saturday night, but it was good. The service was excellent and the waitress was very helpful and she explained where explanation was needed. I will go back.
4	Nice place!! LOVED thai iced tea!!!!
4	Excellent food, we like hot and it was hot enough, hubby had hot as you can make it s&s chic and I had tofu curry with veggies. Great service, I really liked the decor compared to some places(you guys complaining want to pay more for your food?)...had nice music playing,open on Sundays which is rare for Thai places and the desserts...homemade green tea ice cream with wrapped and fried bananas was great! ONLY COMPLAINT WAS NO BROWN RICE. PLEASE GET SOME! 4 stars JUST for that. Place was packed at 12:30 on a Sunday and server and hostess did an outstanding job! WE WILL BE BACK SOON. Hubby wants me to go get take out tonight! Also, not that bad a neighborhood. Come on people! This is where the REAL food is at! Also love variety of soups and you can get small bowls for around 5 bucks. Usually they are just huge ones for sharing and hubby doesn't like soup. Next time that's on my list...
5	Make sure to seat with nick! He is by far the best and always remembers my order!! Love the sweet and sour chicken. It's phenomenal
3	Not the best Thai establishment I've been to, but in the Phoenix area (especially West Valley), we don't have many options.  If you're just looking for a generic pad thai, you'll probably find it to be just fine. There's nothing wrong with that. If you've sampled other various Thai foods and are hoping to find that here, you'll likely be disappointed. I will return here, but I will continue to stick with the following: Tom Yum Goong and Larb (you can choose your ground meat--I prefer ground pork).We've had curries and stir-fries, all of which are OK. If you are a Thai purist, avoid the entrees. If you are looking for general Asian-style dishes, Touch of Thai will suffice. But seriously, try the larb....hidden gem.
5	I read some reviews before I went here, and some complained of timing, so I clocked 'em. Only took them 5 minutes to bring me chicken #23b, rama garlic and pepper, extra spicy. This is a great dish! Ton of rice served with super spicy chicken in a sauce that is to die for. Quiet place, easy eating, friendly people, my kinda place!
3	Still love this place but Pad Thai. It should be dressed with cilantro, chopped fresh green onions and chopped peanuts ( and bean sprouts) . None on this. Just some bean sprouts. And not very many so I had to ask for a little late of extra. What area of Asia is this so? And Pad Thai was 8.95 plus I asked for extra seafood which they say is extra 4 bucks. They charged us 13.95. I'm not good at math but...maybe they charged me a buck more for extra bean sprouts. You can get a  a pound at Asian market for 1 dollar... Oh well, if you dont like it, eat at home I guess!
5	SEAFOOD LOVERS!!!!!!!GET THE CHILI CATFISH and add seafood and extra vegetables. Probably the most wonderful thai food I have ever had in my life. Their catfish is like no other. Lightly breaded and super tender. And so many vegetables. Oh. My. God. I still wish they would serve brown rice tho.
4	Love this place!Plain steamed rice with green coconut curry is to die for, be prepared for food coma! This isn't on the menu but just ask for it, each dish will come separate so you can add as much rice as you want. Or get the spicy noodles with chicken, I get them mild, then I add some, ok,  A LOT, of the red pepper vinegary  stuff (NOT the red powdery stuff, that'll light you on fire!) that's in one of the little jars that's on the table. Amazing.The red coconut curry and chicken lunch special is super yummy, too. I got mild and I thought it was perfect, just a little kick but not too hot to set your lips aflame. If you like it spicy, go for the medium or hot ;)There are plenty of non-meat items, hence the big Indian crowd at lunch time.The ambience isn't what it's about at Touch of Thai, it's the amazing food!Note: DO NOT sit towards the back or use the restrooms. Funky smells goin' on back there.
1	No, No No! What in the H...well, first of all - how does this place have 4 Stars? What type of Thai are you guys (those in Phoenix/Scottsdale) exposed to?  This place should certainly NOT be 4 stars. Are these sober reviews?  I was in town on business and my colleagues and I were looking for good food nearby.  This place showed up as 4 stars on Yelp and when I heard this I was really excited.  Seeing as I come from a place that is very, VERY spoiled with Thai food I expect that other places won't match it.  I keep my expectations in check...but Jesus, Mary, & Joseph these ratings couldn't have been further off.  First off, lets start with the cleanliness factor.  I'm used to the hole in the wall type of places, I actually like hole in the wall types and frequently get food from those types however, they are clean.  I walked through and this place was dirty and more importantly the bathroom was DISGUSTING. I opened the door and was hit in the face with the stench as if a pipe busted.  If your bathroom is worse than what I find at a gas station in the middle of nowhere ---problems. We quickly order off their menu and I mention that I wanted the Pad See Ew.  Pretty standard Thai. right?  Well, what I got in front of me - literally 7 minutes later was NOT Pad See Ew.  I don't even know what the hell it even was.  I couldn't even tell if it was Ka Pow or... it just looked like slop. The noodles weren't properly cooked, there were no veggies in my dish and it CLEARLY has veggies in it, the noodles were thin, and the ginger sauce looked like old gravy.  This place has poor food (I can't even call it Thai  because I didn't  know what was on my plate).  Your best bet is to stick with Hispanic or Greek food around these parts - and yes, I'll remember my own advice the next time I think about Thai in Phoenix.I would certainly NOT recommend this place to Yelpers.
2	Very disappointing!!!We went there for a farewell party (group of 10) I can imagine the crowd on a friday afternoon. But what disappointed is the FOOD..Appetizer - I ordered papaya salad - that came with 1/4 of a cabbage uncut (I dont' think that's appealing)  and also the salad was sooooooooooo tangy I guess they probably made a plate of papaya salad with like liter of lemon or tamarind juice + a pound of garlic arghh..... :( I've tried papaya salad prior to this..and this one in TofT sucked..For entree - I ordered silver noodles..the food looked appealing..but the taste was '0' no spices at all..gosh..i can't hate the place enough.. they probably did everything to ruin my love for thai food..Basically I'm a vegan thai food lover trying out different thai resturants for aobut 5 years now..and this one topped the list of Worst!Lastly this won't stop me from exploring other thai places in Pheonix. I will write to TofT and see what they have to say..if I find their website or email..And 2 stars just coz of the servers (guy and a girl) who were very nice and helpful..
4	I go mainly for the Pad Thai. Love it!! It's zesty! Chicken satay and yellow curry are pretty good too.
3	This is place is decent. It does the trick if you're craving thai. I went with a couple of my girlfriends, and we got the sweet and sour chicken, pepper steak, and another beef dish that came with pineapples. We started out with the stuffed chicken appetizer and that was pretty delicious. It was different . The sauce that came with it even makes it better. The sweet and sour chicken was amazing! It's probably the best I've had anywhere and I don't even really like chicken. That dish was definitely 5 stars.  The pepper steak dish was pretty good too. It was just the right amount of spicy and had lots of flavor. The other steak dish was just really blah. It lacked flavor and looked ugly. The rice was good. We got the crunchy banana sundae with coconut ice cream and it was just eh. I don't recommend dessert. I'll probably be back if I don't find other nearby places. Like I said, it does the trick. It wasn't WOW food but it wasn't bad either.
4	Food tastes good, Portion of each entree is big ( 2 people can generously have a single curry item), decorations are simple and good, the restaurant is not very clean,service was quick and staffs were courteous. Me and my husband ordered a wonton soup, panang curry and a chowmein noodle.I will surely recomend this place to my friends.
5	Decor has been or is in transition. New floor/carpet. Looks good. I had Pat Peking. ? It was beef, green beans, carrot s in a brown spicy sauce. It might have been the best tasting and hottest spicy food I have ever actually loved. Served with rice, wonton and soup...perfect,!The staff its awesome too...they hustle.My lips are returning to normal now.
5	Very good Thai restaurant.  Beef Larb had an amazing flavor, unlike I've had before.  Curry was excellent, and they were generous with the shrimp.  One of the few Thai restaurants that actually provides VERY spicy food if ordered that way.  Fast, friendly service, and wonderful food.
4	The food is pretty good, especially for Phoenix. You can't go wrong with seafood pad thai or the Thai chili eggplant. They don't charge extra for more rice unlike Krua Thai. The service isn't is as fast as it was when Nick was the manager, but the food is still the same. I don't recommend the Thai Boba tea; it wasn't very good. The boba was really overcooked.
2	This place was alright, just not what I was hoping for. The curry was a little too soupy for my liking. The customer service was great, we had a really nice waitress but unfortunately I don't think that would be enough for me to want to go back.
4	Went here for lunch with a group from work this week...We like the food but this time service was kind of... odd...We miss Nick (Oh well, I do)We got the soup and no rice... we had to ask for it. -Are we the only ones that like our coconut soup with rice? : PWe got the main dish (we always do family style) and we didn't have the plates : (We asked for spicy and it was so-so... I guess we need to ask for extra super spicy next time : )Food was really good as usual, we had the coconut soup, yellow chicken curry, cashew chicken and catfish... delicious!
3	Good: I love their noodles and fried rice. One of my favorite Fried rice places!Bad: The smell, when you walk inside, you're greeted by this odd bathroom stench because the hostess welcomes you. The smell would only linger around the back few tables (near the rest room) but over the years, the bathroom smell has gotten worse and worse. Now the smell practically asks you were you wanted to be seated.  Someone call the plumber! XPConclusion: Place still had good food, and I love how they have awesome channels on TV most of the time. Once they fix the smell, I'd bump up it a star or 2.
5	Pretty much my favorite Thai place in town, lucky it's right next to my house. Great service and food, highly recommend.
4	"It's your birthday, where would you like to go?"  Touch of Thai-much to my surprise and delight. The P had spoken so off we went. Delightful dinner, I had the red curry and The P had the yellow curry-both ordered Hot but not Thai hot. Flavor for both was excellent. We also had shrimp spring rolls which was a terrific bargain, very generous portions. They have a very limited wine selection which was kind of a bummer for The P but she made due.  This is the first time I've been here for dinner and was impressed. I've need here for lunch at least a dozen times and think its one of the best lunch places in the NW Valley. Great lunch specials and they always get you in and out quickly. Very reasonably priced, one of my co-workers called me a cheap bastard for bringing The P here for her birthday, yes, two entrees, one app, a glass of wine all for under $35.  Had enough to stop for Fro-Yo on the way home.
4	Great lunch specials and the food is very good, but we saw a cockroach here on the wall more then once.  Very common in the valley, so we still eat here we just call it" cockroach Thai!"Like: "Who is up for Cockroach Thai for lunch today!!!?"The Pad Thai is not very good get the Curry.
5	One of the hidden gems of North Phoenix/ Glendale. I recently discovered this place after we were searching for some Thai restaurants in the area. The food was amazing and the service was top-notch. One of the best casual dining joints in the area and definitely the best Thai food I have ever had. We go back here once every couple of weeks and often take out. The Red Curry is amazing.
5	Great Thai food. Great selection. Prices are too low.  I normally take home leftovers for a lunch the next day, so cost-wise it's like eating at McDonalds, but taste-wise it's fantastic.  You are probably in disbelief but try this place once. Note - I just drink water so if you get a beer that will change your cost equation
4	Good, quick, reasonably priced Thai food on the west side of Phoenix.  It's pretty much what you'd expect from a thai restaurant.  Service is nice, food is pretty standard Thai with all the classics.  This restaurant is more of a convenience factor for me than anything, but if you live on the west side and crave Thai food then you could definitely do worse.
4	Recently, Touch of Thai has been my go to place for Thai food. Love how spacious the restaurant is! I have ordered a few dishes such as Tom Kha Gai, Garlic Beef and Pad Thai. All of these dishes were great, especially the soup! I have yet to taste more dishes. The prices are reasonable for a couples dinner. We ordered three dishes and our grand total was $31.00. Not bad! The service is ok but the kitchen has disappointed me a few times. For example, I ordered cashew chicken and they forgot the cashews. They also don't give appropriate serving spoons. And when we asked for some they came back with teaspoons. Teaspoons? Overall, I like the place because their food is delicious. Definitely a must try!
1	Uuuuaaaaaaaaaaahhhhggggggggllllaahhhh (that's my puking sound). While I didn't actually puke, I'm very surprised. It was a typical Thursday night where neither of us (*cough* James *cough*) could make a decision on where we should eat. So while driving aimlessly down the road in every which direction, we pulled up Yelp and went to the closest Thai restaurant with solid reviews. We sat down and both of our noses turned up wondering what that smell was. James proclaimed "it smells like a bathroom in here" I, however, couldn't smell what he was smelling....YET. All I could smell was cleaning products, like too many combinations of chemicals that make you wonder if someone is laying in the back passed out. I could smell bleach and something that smelled like a lavender scented ammonia. I don't know why we stayed, maybe it was the hunger pains. Maybe it was laziness, but I regret that decision. I ordered Hot and Sour soup and Egg Rolls. The soup wasn't good, it was chicken broth with cayenne pepper dumped in. Some bland chicken and some uncooked mushrooms (straight from the package). James kept telling me to move my soup back because he thought it smelled like dirty feet, although I'm not sure how he could smell that over the bathroom stench. The egg rolls were better but very greasy, I did like the inside however. At some point in our meal, I finally got the whiff from the bathroom. OMG. I'm done eating, can we just go??We thought it was a one time thing, maybe the line cook had some nasty Taco Bell for lunch, maybe their plunger broke, but after reading the reviews, this has been happening for months. Get a damn plumber out there or shut your doors. NASTY!!
2	Came here for lunch on a Friday and ordered one of their Lunch Specials - Number L8 with meat (chicken + beef). The dish looked nice on arrival but the meat - both the chicken and beef - was pathetic. The beef especially; it was so rubbery (or chewy) that I had to chew it for some time to break it down. The chicken was very dry and did not have any flavor. The sauce that held the entire dish together can be best described as "meh". Some of my colleagues ordered fried rice and it was just OK; nothing great. The only positive here are the prices; food, especially lunch is cheap. But sadly so is the taste. This is place is out of my list of Thai restaurants.
5	Me and a co-worker eat here pretty often, because we loooove there yellow curry. We actually get their yellow curry with broccoli instead of meat and I get their spring rolls. One day I'll be daring enough to eat something new, but my order is sooo good I crave it. Yum!
2	This place really smelled bad, I wouldn't have stayed, however my friend was already eating her soup when I arrived. I did my best to get over the smell, I couldn't eat the soup, I ordered the lunch special red curry. It was really good, not as spicy as I would've liked, but not bad. I doubt I'll be back.
5	Touch of Thai used to have a location in old town Scottsdale. I are their pad thai, no joke at least twice a week. I loved their pad thai so much and frequented the place to the point where the owner John knew my name and order. Unfortunately it closed down and just kept their second location open. I now drive 35 minutes to dine here. I wish they would once more open a location in Tempe or Scottsdale. It's so authentic delicious and satisfying I crave it all the time. Highly recommend. However the Scottsdale location was much cleaner than this one. Still trying to find something local and comparable. Thai house is good but just not as good. Love Touch of Thai.
1	Went three times and never going back. So my boyfriend and I LOVE Thai food and he recommended this place. On all three occasions once we started ordering I realized that whenever I asked for something, like chopsticks, napkins... a spoon.. the female waitresses, just like the male waiter wouldn't look at me or converse with me but to my boyfriend. As if he was my ruler and/or decision maker. For everything! We found it extremely low, disrespectful and culturally insulting. Not to mention, the waiters are super rude and some of the vegetables in the curry were totally spoiled. And the restaurant smelled bad! Like sewage and poop. It's like this... Clean the restaurant, don't serve people spoiled food.. and have some dignity and respect!
4	I've been going here for the last couple of years until I found out about "Line Thai" a little more West on 98th Ave and Bell Rd. At "Touch of Thai" they have great lunch specials which comes with soup and rice. The entrees  are good as well and priced regularly. My favorite dishes at this Thai place are their Pad See Ew dishes (the flat noodles). For the rest of their dishes, I'm not sure how to explain it other than the spice combination as not being nearly as dynamic or flavorful as "Line Thai's." Perhaps the other place is more authentic? The prices are the same at both places but they do have a wider selection of desserts here which is a plus.
1	i  went to there for dinner tonight around 7pm.there was only 2tables dine in.i went to restroom wash my hand ehkkkkkkkkl...restroom smells terrible! !! i have never. went to a restaurant there restroom smells like that....i ordered chow mein and i did not like it .lots of vegs very lite noodles.serivce was nicein the beigning untill i asked for extra sauce to go and the lady who wear the flower on her hair gets upset she looks like i amvery annoying and went back to kitchen said something in thai.thats not nice at all.i mean really? i also ored food to go too.my bill was 27.17 so is it really big deal when i asked extra sauce?you can charge me if yoi want to but come on just dont be rude.also i ordered summer roll to go too.its definitely different than other thai restaurant they actually wrap a huge lettuce make it looks bigger but it smells sooooooooo bad.they were very expensive like almost$8i like thai food and tried so many place but i had to say this was the worst thai food i have ever had the price is very high qulity is low.this my first time visit it seems this is also last time!
5	Best Thai food ever! Cool little spot people were nice and food was great. This is my new favorite spot! :)
1	first time i went, i asked for the pad thai WITHOUT shrimp (it comes with tofu and chicken) and WITHOUT bean sprouts. she said "oh they put the bean sprouts on the side" (yet they still sprinkle some sprouts in the noodles). so basically she was going to make me pick them all off the plate by hand when she could simply tell the chef to leave them out.. anyway, they brought it back without shrimp AND tofu (i wanted the tofu). for a drink i ordered the thai milk tea with boba (off their menu). the (asian) waitress had no idea what i was talking about, she didnt know what boba was. i had to talk to the manager and ask him "you have boba right?" and he immediately knew what i was talking about and made one for me. if you frequent asian restaurants, you should know what boba is.second time i went, i went during lunch and they only gave me a lunch menu. i asked for a regular menu and she said she'd bring one. i ended up walking to the front and grabbing it myself after a few minutes. it's a small restaurant and wasn't busy. then i order the pad thai same way as the first visit (they got it right this time).she says: "how spicy?"me: "none at all, i dont like spicy"her: "okay, mild, and for you sir?"my BF: "i think she said no spice"her: "ok so very mild"luckily it came back with no spice, but they should know the difference b/t mild and "none at all"lastly, this is no reason to complain but even though i ordered off the lunch menu, they still brought me a soup. either they make soup for everyone at lunch hour or they are disorganized.OVERALL, i know i'm picky but jeez, ive never had a problem with all the other countless thai places ive been to in california and arizona.
4	I love Thai food and I haven't been to a place better then this. I get the number 27 which is beef and veggies. Always nice employees and fast service.
4	Very good food is a little different than most Thai placesBut very deliciousService was awesome
4	This is the best place to get Thai food in the surrounding area. They make one of the best Tom Yum Soup. Their Orange and Red curries are delicious. The service is good and is a small place.
5	The yellow chicken curry here is to die for! I have yet to find something similar around my area with the same flavorful taste! Same goes for the shrimp fried rice. There was once a misunderstanding with what I ordered but I didn't mind at all because they brought out this awesome lit up (fire in the middle) mushroom soup (not sure what it's called) and it was amazing!!! Everything here just seems to have so much flavor it makes my tummy happy! The service is usually pretty quick. The staff are friendly. Prices are pretty affordable. I live about 9 miles from here and ALWAYS crave it!
5	We were very pleasantly surprised by this little place. Scrupulously clean, very pleasant and attentive staff, and delicious food. The portions are more than generous and there are LOTS of vegan options. My husband had the BBQ chicken ANC loved it. It came with a dish of spicy sauce that he said was great. I had veggies and tofu and it was really tasty. You can specify the degree of heat you'd like in the many dishes that include peppers. We will definitely be coming back. Yum!
5	Wow, the yellow curry with chicken and potato was so flavorful, rich and creamy. So delicious! I will be back.
1	Tonight I was craving some spicy thai food. My husband and I went to this restaurant based on the reviews on yelp(although they aren't great, we wanted to give it a try). We walked in at 9:15pm ie 45mins before closing, so I was expecting decent tasting food but it was a disaster. Tom kha soup was good but the entrees: chilli peppers and spicy mixed vegetables were no where close to "thai food." Needless to say, would never go there again.
5	I have been going to Touch Of Thai for years.  I have tried tons of other Thai food places in valley.  My personal experience has been that Touch Of Thai is BY FAR the best and most reasonably priced place to get Thai food.  I have tried probably 75% of the menu and can say every item is GREAT.  Give them a shot, you will not be disappointed.
4	I'm giving this place four stars for the food ONLY because I've always ordered take out. Pad se ew and summer rolls are my two favorite dishes. They won me with their summer rolls. The food is amazing, they are fast and super friendly. Service is great. Portions are a lot bigger than the other two thai restaurants I found. And it isn't pricey either. If I lived closer I'd be there every night. Haha
4	Good thai food for phoenix area, prompt friendly service, found after Satara closed and come here on a regular basis and will continue to do so.
4	Touch of thai makes the best shrimp red curry with pineapple and pad thai! Here for the food not the ambiance. It's always pretty quiet and I'm okay with that!
5	Good food, good prices, especially for lunch!Love the curry there.
1	I have really wanted to try this place for a couple years now. I hoped that today would be the day but we couldn't get past the smell of the table to even think about ordering food. The rag the woman "cleaned" the table with smelled like it had been wrapped around the foot of someone with severe athletes foot for a month. In August. If they can't be bothered to use a clean rag to wipe off a table for a customer I definitely don't want to bother them with making my food. The smell was so nauseating that we decided to skip lunch altogether. There's a first!
5	This little hidden gem is tucked away in a corner of a strip mall. Seemingly undistinguished from its surroundings, it hides one of the best Thai places in the area. We ordered over the phone, having gotten their menu online, and our food was ready within 15 minutes. The prices are reasonable for the portions received. The place is tastefully decorated, leaving no questions in a patrons mind as to where one is dining. Though we did not eat in, we did notice that quite a few of the tables were occupied. Always a good sign in a small restaurant such as this. The smell coming from the containers of food where intoxicating and eye watering at he same time. In true thai fashion, the main dish was spicy enough to bring pause to a lover of spicy foods, yet so delicious that I could not help but continue eating until the entire dish was consumed. The egg rolls where large and scrumptious and complimented the spicy food perfectly. Beware though, do not order it normal unless you wish for a moth burning sensation that lasts for hours. They do offer a mild version for those of us who are smart enough not to wish to burn our tongues.(I hear they offer a "Thai spicy" version as well, though I am not brave enough to try that yet)
1	I used to like this place a lot. I have noticed the food has gone down hill, but the worst thing is, the last 2 times I've been there... COCKROACHES! I feel bad writing such things, but come on! Get an exterminator! It's disgusting and disrespectful to your patrons to not do something about roaches.  Baby ones crawling up the walls too.... Icky!
1	Once I loved this restaurant ,This is third time we order vegetarian and they had chicken in it..
