1	Use other airport shuttle. Very bad customer service from sales to driver to phone customer service. Deserves no star.
1	We waited 45 minutes for this shuttle in front of the Flamingo to take us to the airport.  Called after 20 minutes and was told that 2 shuttles had already been dispatched, and another would be there in a few minutes.  No shuttle arrived.  We ended up paying another shuttle company to drive us to the airport.  My advice?  Don't buy a round-trip ticket!
1	Its definitely cheaper than a taxi and probably not such a bad idea to get to your hotel but don't expect to get picked up on a round-trip. I barely made my return flight after they were 45 minutes late on a return pick-up. Customer service rep was helpful but that didn't help get the van to me on time.
1	One of the worst shuttles I've taken.  The driver drove like he was Mario Andretti's brother and wanted to be him.  He took curves almost on two wheels and at one point hit a large rut and threw us out of our seats.  I am under doctors care for back problems because of it.
1	Booked with these guys on the way out of the airport. They give you this barcoded booklet full of ads that you have to keep up with, as it is your "return pass".  The trip out was very full, but un-eventful.  (Apart from the driver slamming my bag full of laptops that I had just told him to be careful with)You have to call 24hrs in advance for pickup, which I did. Pickup was scheduled at 3:10pm, you're supposed to be there 10 minutes early, I was. So I call at 3:20 wondering where my ride is. The driver was a no-show. The guy on the phone tells me they have no pickup scheduled... And nothing they can send. My only option is to wait 45 minutes for the next scheduled shuttle.  It was pretty clear from his tone of voice that he really didn't give a $*#%. No offer of a refund, no other choice, barely even a reluctant apology. Wait the 45 minutes, or pay for other transport and sacrifice the pre-paid ride.  (Meanwhile, I've seen two Bel shuttles go by...)Now I'm running late to the airport...  Never again.  Business in Vegas, especially those with strong competition, should have better customer service than this.UPDATE:  A 3rd Bell van/shuttle came by, and picked up some people next to me.  After he found out how long I had been waiting, he offered me a ride to the airport for less than I paid for Airline Shuttle's non-existent ride.  Caught a ride with them, and was at the airport in minutes.
1	Posting this now, despite this having occurred in October 2012, since Airline Shuttle Corp. is now on Yelp - this review was previously posted under their sister company, Las Vegas Limousines.   I'm also writing this review from the perspective of someone who has used airport shuttles before, both at home and while traveling, so I have knowledge in how the process works.First off, I want to say that I was pleased with the friendliness and helpful nature of the gentleman I spoke with on the phone at nearly 3am on a Sunday morning. I had put off making transportation arrangements from my hotel, the Excalibur, to the airport and only did so on the day of travel. I was offered a choice of two pickup times - 1:30pm and 2:30pm. I chose the earlier time since my flight departed McCarran at 4:20pm and the gentleman stated that it would take approximately 30 minutes to get to the airport from my hotel. That put us arriving at the airport around 2pm, which was just fine by me considering we still had to check in, print our boarding passes, check bags, go through security and take a tram to our terminal.Being that it was our final partial day in Vegas, my husband and I were broke - I'm pretty sure a cartoon fly fluttered out of my wallet when I opened it to pay for breakfast. So, to curb the temptation to gamble away what money we didn't have, we parked ourselves outside at the rear rotunda of Excalibur, where airport shuttles pick up and drop off. We sat there for about 90 minutes, watching multiple shuttles, including Airline Shuttle Corp, come and go. The gentleman on the phone had said that they serviced Excalibur on the half hour, so we saw two do pickups in our time baking in the Vegas sun. We were heartened to see that the Airline Shuttle Corp shuttles were prompt and efficient. Unfortunately, such was not the case with our shuttle. The driver arrived 15 minutes late with a full shuttle. A few people disembarked, but certainly not enough to leave room for the seven people (my husband and I, plus a few other guests of the hotel) that had 1:30 reservations. The driver didn't give much explanation as to why he could not take us all, just that another shuttle would arrive in ten minutes and that he had one more fare to pick up at the MGM Grand in 15 minutes. He asked us each our departure times and suggested that we make a choice to either come with him or wait for the next shuttle. The other guests chose to wait, my husband and got on board. Before we did so, we asked the driver to repeat his arrival time at McCarran, as he had told this to the others - he stated he would arrive at 2:30pm.What proceeded was the greatest gaggle I've ever witnessed. First, the driver was overly aggressive in his actual driving, nearly plowing into pedestrians that got in his way. I'm no stranger to aggressive driving or the need to react defensively, especially when working on a tight schedule, but his driving was so aggressive that other passengers began to react to him, requesting that he slow down.Second, my husband and I spentt an hour total on the shuttle, cruising from our pick up at the Excalibur to the Luxor, the MGM Grand, the New York New York, the Orleans, another hotel's delivery access and pick-up area (couldn't tell which hotel since we were underground), then back to the MGM Grand before we finally headed for the airport. At no point did it seem like the driver had a set plan - it was as though he were taking on more and more fares to fill his shuttle. While I'm sure this is common practice, what bothered me the most was that he had arrived late and then made everyone even later - we did not arrive to the airport until 3pm.That's a full hour and a half beyond our originally scheduled pick up time, which puts it an hour past when the gentleman on the phone advised and a half hour past when the driver said we would arrive. It left little time to get through a Sunday afternoon's security line at McCarran and left us feeling harried and rushed.Like I said, I've taken airport shuttles before. Many times, in fact. I've even taken them in Vegas before. Never have I experienced such an inept company (because I'm pretty sure part of this was their fault) or such a disorganized and aggressive driver. It's never a good sign when, as you're departing the shuttle, the other passengers wish you good luck in making your flight...and reminding you to watch out as you exit...since the driver parked the shuttle in the middle of the road.
1	According the the LAS web site, this company owns/operates Airline Limousine Shuttle. They are white vehicles with blue markings on them. If you have long, long patience, have no problem with waiting for very long periods of time, and are cool with the must screwed up gaggle of people trying to get off the airport . . . then this place is for you! If you are not that type of person stay clear, very clear from this company. We arrived in Vegas around 9 pm on a Friday. Bought our tickets for the shuttle to Harrah's and were told to go to point 3, and wait about 15 minutes. The distance from point 3 to 4 is the the distance you can wad up a piece of paper and throw it. The mini-bus holds about 20 people. But they over sold the last cycle, which spilled into our cycle, when delayed us at least 2 more cycles because the buses were already full when they came. Do you know how many people fit in a 20 passenger bus? 20, not 22 not 30, not 25, 20 people fit in a 20 person bus.After waiting a solid hour (at least) and not making any progress. We got our money back and hired/split a sedan to the strip for about $50 total.We took the casino shuttle back to the airport, operated by Executive (a black mini-bus). They were timely and did what you would expect. Cash only though so be ready.I would strongly recommend against the use of Airline Limousine Shuttle. I have traveled through more than 40 countries and been to all but one continent; I have never ever in my life saw a company so incapable of doing the job they profess to have expertise in.Stay away from this circus act.
4	Faster than the bus and cheaper than a cab, shuttle buses are the best mode of transport if you are planning to travel to and from the airport with luggage. With Airline Shuttle Corp, it is easy to book online (discounted) or you can pay at their information desk by the airport (by baggage claim). I had the liberty of flying in during the night when the buses weren't frequent anymore, and I decided to take the shuttle instead. Most people on the shuttle are tourists and gets dropped off by the strip hotels, so it is less lugging around your luggage and speedier service than public transportation. I'm definitely doing shuttles again when I go back to Vegas.
1	AVOID AVOID AVOID!!! booked RT, was told to meet outside my hotel at 3:50am for my 6am flight. Called at 4am to say it was late. Dispatcher told me "we don't run our shuttles 24/7" BULL SH*T! then why was I told by another dispatcher to meet outside at 3:50 AM (aka middle of the night). Had to spend $33 on cab, and I was even more angry since it was my birthday. Have waited a week for managers to call me back, but keep getting the run around. Customer service reps are nice and sympathetic, but it's the managers & owners who are a-holes. Was told by 2 CS reps that they'll reimburse me for the return shuttle fare, but it's the cab fare I want reimbursed. Please avoid and use another shuttle service when you arrive at the airport.... will be reporting them to the BBB.
4	On this trip, was determined not to use Showtime, too many bad experiences. Instead, took Airline Shuttle Corp. It was not only better but far exceeded our expectations over Showtime. $13 for a round trip to a strip hotel is certainly very affordable, and pretty much the same price as the others. The big difference, waited less than 5 minutes on our bus, and when it arrived, 6 of us on the shuttle and on our way in about another 5 minutes. They did not make us wait until the bus was full, got us quickly on our way. Hard to say this is the norm, but was a good experience for us.
5	okay, i'm a fan because i bought my tix ahead of time from home on their website: http://www.airlineshuttlecorp.com/ then i googled a "promocode" and got 10% off. it cost me a total of $12.20 (not including tip) for a round trip from the airport to LVH.  The promocode i used was APC2013 and it says it's good till sept. 2013 so use it if you want.  I saw many people buying tix right at the airport for $7 one way.REMEMBER... IF YOU BUY ONLINE, YOU MUST PRINT OUT TICKET (if you forget, go to their stand, they'll give you an email address to email it to... and print it for you) but save yourself the trouble and print it out!!
1	It's not worth the "savings", take a cab! We purchased round trip tickets to and from the Wynn from the airport. We sat on the shuttle about 40 minutes waiting to leave the airport and finally arrived to our hotel over an hour later!  When we called to book the return trip we were told the shuttle would be there at 12:55pm. We showed up at the pick up spot at 12:45pm then called to confirm that they would be there in 10 minutes. We were told pick up for the Wynn was at 1:25pm so we would have to wait another hour and they had no idea why we were given a different time the day before. The bell desk informed us that it costs about $18 to cab it from the airport to the Wynn. Next time I will be doing that. Don't make my mistake!! Take a cab!! Even walking in the hot desert sun seems preferable to this shuttle service!!!
1	Made reservation a day ahead for 6/19/2013 pick up and we were there at the pickup place 15 minutes before the scheduled time, the bus never show up (we paid for round-trip ticket- ARIA to/from LAS airport). We tried to call, and the customer service wasn't too helpful. They just told us to wait for the next bus that's at 2pm. There were two other people waiting for the bus for 2 pm, and the bus was late for 20 minutes. I would suggest people don't buy round trip ticket from them because the bus was not on time at all. Waiting outside for more than 1 and half hours was definitely not fun! Words to the company, "Don't ruin people's plan/vacation! You can't really run airport shuttle if you can't be on time." (oh well...maybe you can still run airport shuttle even if you can't be on time...since it only mess up other people's plan and you guys still get $$$$$ :P not cool)
1	The shuttle driver that took me and some other passengers from McCarran Airport to our hotel on the evening of Saturday, 6/30/13, was RUDE and careless with everyone's luggage.  He made no eye contact, barked at the passengers as if we were all an inconvenience, drove like a bat out of hell, and later broke the handle on another passengers luggage after carelessly throwing it around.  Needless to say he did not get a tip from that couple or myself!  Very unprofessional and somewhat intimidating.  I will not be using this shuttle service again!
1	CALL A CAB!  The aggressive shuttle driver that took me and some other passengers from the airport to our hotel on the evening of Saturday, 6/30/13, was RUDE and careless with everyone's luggage.  He made no eye contact, barked at the passengers as if we were all an inconvenience, drove like a bat out of hell, and later broke the handle on another passengers luggage after carelessly throwing it around.  Needless to say he did not get a tip from that couple or myself!  I will not be using this shuttle service again!
2	Drop off for my hotel (Flamingo) was two blocks away. I scheduled a pick up from my hotel to the airport at 11:15. There was a shuttle there at 11:15 but they were only dropping off not picking up (and there were no other passengers on the shuttle). When I called at 11:25, I was told the driver was running behind (duh!) and that he would be there in 5 minutes. He did arrive at 11:30. Overall, I just wasn't impressed with the service.
1	Can you give a negative review? I want to start by saying that anyone reviewing an airport shuttle service must be pissed off at the level of service but there are some good solid reviews here. That being said, next time, I am taking a cab! This chodu was wainting outside of the Venetian on his phone. When I asked how much to the airport he offered the price of $8. So far so good. I asked how long to the airport and he told me that he would be waiting until 25 minutes after the hour but had a pick up at Ceasars, after that 10 minutes until the airport. Still going strong... We agreed and he grabbed our luggage. Thank God it's strong luggage because he wasn't careful. I was waiting for him to get up and body slam anything he thought may not be broken for good measure. But I guess the airlines are no different I told myself.After ten minutes and a few other travellers joining he asked what airline we were all taking and we parted on time! We picked up the other couple and were well on our way to the airport. We got to terminal one and he waved at one couple who got off and we again parted. The other terminal was quite a distance I thought. What an airport! We pulled up and he says "Virgin Airlines, this stop" so all but me and my wife got up to leave. My wife and I remained still waiting for our stop. He saw this and asked again what airlines we were on. When I told him he lost it! There is no better word, he simply lost it. He told me I lied to him and that we said Virgin Airlines and told us too bad, we had to get off the bus. When I tried to reason with him he said "If you argue, I will call the police" realizing we now had 60 minutes, were at the wrong terminal and he held our baggage I saw the lost cause on inviting him to call. I told him that he didn't deliver us to our destination so he didn't deserve to get paid for his lack of service, courtesy and absolutely rude behaviour. He continued to lose it and threatened to keep our luggage. Short of taking a swing I gave him his money, grabbed our bags and started our journey of finding a way to the other terminal before we missed our flight! We made it but my recommendation is to get a cab. Unless you REALLY enjoy gambling, these shuttles are not worth the risk.
4	I'm speaking from personal experience- upon arrival on a Tuesday, I basically just headed to the first airport shuttle counter- which happened to be this company. Given the 'coupon book' with first page boarding pass...and was told to keep it for the return. I did see people just ripping out the first page with the pass and used it fine.I didn't have to wait much, perhaps I was lucky. Out to the bay, luggage stowed and on the way to the hotel in minutes. Since my place (MGM) is near the airport, we were one of the first to be dropped off.I only read the Yelp reviews before scheduling my return and had some second-thoughts. However, the phone agent (Cathy) was nice and friendly, made a suggested arrival time (wayyyy to early but she said that was the only time they can 'guarantee' arrival on time). The shuttle came within the timeframe, baggage loaded, and we were on our way again. Our drivers were fine, the return guy friendly and cracked jokes.Again, I speak from personal experience. Perhaps I just got lucky with the drivers and time schedules.
4	It seems that everyone so far has had a terrible experience but my experience was great. Walked right out of baggage claim and up to the driver and asked how much. $10 less than other private cars. The car was clean and the driver was courteous. Experience was great so I asked for a business card so I that I could call for transportation for the way back to the airport at the end of the trip. Again, a new driver and he was courteous, helpful, early (called to let me know he was there and didn't seem perturbed that I wanted to take 10 extra minutes for me to finish breakfast. Was actually downright pleasant about it.) So that was 2 different rides and 2 different drivers in the same weekend with a great experience with both. I would definitely call this car service again. I was actually in the middle of bookmarking this business and had to put in my two cents.
1	I booked my parents through airline shuttle corp and paid for them ahead of time. My intention was to avoid the trouble of getting a cab, explaining where to go, and maybe saved the headache from dealing with one of those cabs (e.g. touring around the city for more $$). My parents held the receipt, boarded at Terminal Three Door 1 as instructed and advertised on their website. The Driver however, refused to take them on the bus and asked them to go to door 8! There was no one at door 8. After 5 - 10 minutes of wait, my parents asked an airport staff. The staff directed them back to Door 1 and helped them board on the same bus with the same driver! This is ridiculous! I printed off the receipt, with their names on and the payment confirmation. Why on earth would a bus driver turn down the passengers without an explanation? I printed off the shuttle service and showed my parents the logo for the shuttle corp. They are both experienced traveler, maybe not a lot in the US these days but there is no way for them to confuse between the shuttle buses, especially based on the fact the airport staff directed them back on the bus and the driver in the end took them on. I've left a voice message at the supervisor. I will keep updating on the progress. I am very upset and disturbed at the same time.
5	Outstanding service. I needed a ride to the airport in a pinch (2.5 hrs before a flight), called their reservation number, and they sent someone out right away. Within 15 minutes an empty shuttle arrived at the Monte Carlo and took me straight to the airport. Safe and friendly driver too.
1	I'll start with the bottom line since that what this is about.  If you think a shuttle service is less expensive due to a little lack of convenience, you're wrong.  Save the money and the headache and just take a cab.I don't go to Vegas on a regular basis and, therefore, am not familiar with the best way to get around.  My wife and I were on a very short getaway and on a budget, I automatically assumed that a shuttle, while less convenient, would be a little less expensive too.  That's the point of a shuttle service.As we stepped out of the airport, this happened to be the first shuttle service we saw and so we went with it.  I'm sure the other shuttle services are similarly priced, but again, not knowing what a taxi would have cost, I figured I'd use the shuttle to and from the hotel so I got the round trip package.  Apparently shuttle services charge not only for the distance, but also for the number of occupants.  I think it was something like $12 per person, per direction.  So I paid a little more than $50 after some hidden taxes and service charges to get to and from the hotel.  The ride there was fine.  We waited about 5 minutes for the shuttle and were 3rd on the drop off list since we were going to the Hilton Grand Vacation, which is further out along the strip.  The next day I called the service to schedule a pickup at the Bellagio since we wanted to hang out in that area before heading back to the airport.  I scheduled a 3:15pm pickup for a 5:00pm flight.  It was a friday afternoon and I figured most people were coming into Vegas, not leaving it.  It's 3:30pm and no shuttle in sight.  I called the company and while they were nice about it, they were able to give me an ETA.  They just said the driver was stuck in traffic and is on his way.  We gave them another 10 minutes, but couldn't wait any longer.  We ended up taking a cab, which was extremely convenient considering it was ready when we were.  I was expecting the price of the cab to be high, but it was about $14 for both of us since cabs only charge for distance.We went to the shuttle service to explain our disappointment and request a refund for half the trip.  Their policy is to hand you a form to fill out and include the original receipt along with some credit card information and actually mail it in to the company.  They wouldn't take it there at the counter.  Clearly this is very much like filling out a rebate and the policy is such because they know many wouldn't go through with it and if they did there would be something they could claim is missing so they wouldn't have to refund anything.I chose not to complete the form and consider this a sunk cost and a lesson very well learned.
1	I booked a round trip ticket on line. My experience heading from the airport was fine. Check in was smooth, and I only sat on the shuttle for 10 minutes before we departed. My hotel was the first stop. No problems. My return trip was not as easy. My paperwork showed I would be picked up at 1005. I was waiting out front of my hotel 15 minutes prior to that. At 1035 I called customer service and was informed that the shuttle normally picked up from my hotel at 45 minutes past the hour. So I assumed I would only have to wait another 10 minutes, right?  Wrong. The next shuttle to my hotel would be at 1145. That would not give me enough time to check in for my flight. No apologies, no offer to refund my money. I wound up taking a cab.
1	It's cheap, it's clean but slow as molasses. I've been waiting for 40 minutes to leave the airport and our driver is outside speaking to a colleague. I wish they could figure out their issues some other time.(This is based on an experience in January 2013, during CES)
1	It has been over a month and I have not heard back from the company. No one has returned to my call as well. This is rather disappointing and highly unprofessional.
1	Avoid if you're headed anywhere off the strip. I was going downtown to meet up with family. And I get it - downtown is FAR compared to other hotels. But if your drivers don't want to go there, don't offer the fare. I usually just grab a taxi but the last time I was here, a taxi to Paris was $30 so thought I'd give a shuttle a chance. I made a point to ask when the next shuttle would be going downtown before buying a ticket and was told the shuttle was waiting across the street. Headed across the street, only to be told to wait at the #8 sign for the next bus...and proceeded to wait for another 45 minutes. I don't even think the shuttle driver would have taken me unless I put up a fuss asking when my shuttle would be there. Left the airport @445pm, stopped at Venetian, mirage, TI, then to circus circus (@522), Stratosphere (@526) and finally downtown @540. FYI - the shuttles don't seem to be assigned a route. They are told which routes to pick up based on the number of people waiting. It irked me to tip my driver since he didn't even want to go downtown. But I've worked the customer service/tourist industry for too long not to. Tipped him $10 for a fare that was only $9. Whatever. Just glad to be off that bus.
1	Second update. I have forwarded the complaint over to Las Vegas Airport over the weekend. The airport has responded today (Monday), notifying this matter has been brought to CEO of  the shuttle corp's attention and I should expect to hear from them shortly. I will keep updating for any progress. So far the Company's lack of response has been rather disappointing and unprofessional. Hopefully, I could hear something official from the management soon.
1	There are a variety of different shuttle companies and they all charge the same amount ($13.50 round trip). There were about 3-4 right as I was getting my bags. This one had no line, so I bought a round trip ticket. Getting to my hotel was no problem...I was the 3rd group dropped off and all the hotels were in the general area so it wasn't a long drive between hotels. My problem was on the trip back. I called over 24 hours in advance. I booked the earlier time to ensure my arrival at the airport would leave me enough time to check my bags and get food. The initial shuttle arrived at my hotel almost 15 minutes late. Fine, I figured I'd get on and get there since the driver said it was her last stop. However, after loading my luggage she realized she was short 1 seat on the shuttle. I was asked to get off. They removed my luggage. And she said she would call for a second shuttle. It would arrive in 10 minutes. So I called the company. I was pissed off having reserved the time they told me and already having stood outside my hotel for 20 minutes. I waited another 25 minutes for the next shuttle. My calls went basically unanswered, each time telling me to wait another 5-10 minutes. When I finally got in the shuttle 40 minutes after my scheduled time I was then taken to multiple other hotels, arriving to the airport and hour and 10 minutes after the shuttle I reserved was supposed to pick me up. As I saw at the other hotels, the drivers do not ensure the people boarding the shuttle reserved that time or ensure that those who pre-booked the shuttle get in before those who did not call in advance.  My calls and emails to the company have gone unanswered. Obvious lack of concern about their customers. I will book with any other shuttle company in the future, but will never book with this one again.
1	Do not use this service. They have a ridiculous policy. You pay and they give you a booklet with a bar code on the cover that the driver scans. It's just like the booklet with ads and coupons the Luxor gave us and the one I picked up on the monorail. I left it one morning on the bed and the maid must have picked it up with the bedding because it was gone when we went back to the room. Now they made is pay another $7 to get to the airport even though we have the receipt to prove we paid for two round trip tickets. What a rip off! What a scam! (are the maids in cahoots with this stupid shuttle service?).
2	I tried to book a ride from the hotel to the airport.  the odd thing is that they don't want to write down your name much less your phone number.  I asked them if I could provide that info and the person on the phone said "no".  Given the bad reviews, I was wary that there would be a problem with the driver finding me (how do you find someone among the sea of people in front of a big hotel?) and then I would risk missing my flight.  I then went with Super Shuttle and they did take down my name and contact number.   Just wanted to put the word out there in case other people would find it helpful to know ahead of time, instead of going through the trouble of booking through this company.  I might still use Airline Shuttle Corp from the airport to the hotel, since then there's no risk of missing a flight and I have ample time.
1	On Friday when we arrived, we needed a shuttle to our hotel.  We went outside, the gentleman asked where we were going, took our bags to the back of the bus and we went in.  We were the first passengers on the bus.  10 minutes later, there were 7 more.  We were then on our way in a great time...about 10 minutes.  Passengers were getting dropped off one by one as we got to their hotels. 45 minutes later, the driver asked us:  The Venetian right?  We said no, the New Orleans.  He said, "Oh, he said the New Orleans."  We proceeded to explain no.  we were the first on the shuttle and it is the New Orleans and we confirmed with the gentleman on the ground that hotel twice.  The driver dropped us off last. Took care of everyone else and our 3-mile shuttle ride took an hour and 15 minutes.  Not cool. But that is not all. Because of our experience on Friday, when we returned to the airport we booked our shuttle 3 hours in advance.  Here is how that went: The shuttle picked us up.  We went to Excalibur to pick up the next passengers, they were no show.  The dispatcher sent our driver to the Luxor.  Almost no show.  Our driver as very diligent to make sure the passengers were not there, but then they showed up and told the driver to continue on.  We drove away.  The driver proceeded to call in to the dispatcher who then told him to go back.  Remember there were other passengers (1 who had a flight in an hour).  The driver went back (and mind you, he was very professional to our passengers as you could tell -vocally- the passenger with us was very aggitated because we had now been on this shuttle for 40 minutes from when we were picked up) Anyway, we went back and only one of the passengers got in.  Why we do not recommend this company:  The dispatcher does not seem to be able to schedule his pickups in a timely manner and is not concerned about getting his passengers to where they need to go on time.  His concern is picking up as many passengers as possible and eventually they will get to where they need to go.  The driver of this vehicle does not deserve leadership that cannot lead, but has to end up dealing with customers who are urgently trying to get where they need to go.  Thank you driver for your professionalism.  Dispatcher: Get yourself and your route organized and your employees would be able to better service their customers.
1	I was in Vegas 12/1-12/6, and used Airline Shuttle Corp to get between the airport and hotel; we pre-booked online before our trip. Getting to the hotel from the airport was fine, just walked out the shuttle exit, and got on a bus, simple enough, my major issue was getting back to the airport.When we booked online, we signed up for a 10:35 pickup, the time they suggested based on our return flight time. We arrived at the bus stop (we were staying at the Flamingo, which is currently under construction, so it was a quick walk to a shuttle bus stop), at about 10:20, and there was one other person there who was also waiting for a shuttle. As we sat there, buses from other companies came and went, both dropping off and picking up. Around 11AM, we still hadn't seen any buses from our company, so I called to see if we could get a status, maybe it got caught in traffic (unlikely, since buses from other companies were making plenty of stops), or it broke down. When I called, I explained the situation, and the woman, who was very pleasant at this point, put me on hold to check the status. When she got back on the phone, it was like I was talking to a different person, she immediately got an attitude with me and said that the bus came and picked up 4 people, so she didn't know what my problem was. She asked me if I was standing at the correct street, and I told her I was, I told her that I was where the hotel sent me, which was also the same stop we were dropped off at on Sunday, and where buses from 2 other companies managed to arrive to pick up and drop off their paying customers. she persisted with the attitude and blaming me for missing the bus, at this point, a bus from the company came in, so I told her it was here and hung up the phone. As it was pulling in, I approached the other woman who had been waiting when we got there, she said she was waiting for the same bus as us, and had been at the stop since 10:10, at this point, I was certain that we hadn't missed the bus. The driver of the arriving bus came out and informed us that he was dropping off only, so again, we were out of luck. We explained the situation, and he radioed in, and was told the same thing we were. We explained that we were also told that, but it just wasn't true. He said that another bus would be there in about 15 minutes (this would now be the 11:35 bus, if I had known I'd be waiting for over an hour, I would have hit the hotel breakfast buffet and taken my time). So we continued to wait. Finally, about 20 minutes later, as I was about to call again, that same driver pulled back in with an empty bus. He finished his drop off, and came back to get us. I don't know if he was supposed to do this pickup, or if he just did it because he knew we had been waiting, but we were thrilled that he came back for us! He got us to the airport quickly, and was super nice. I don't typically write reviews, and I wasn't planning on writing this one, until I had that beyond rude phone call while trying to locate my bus. I'm sure that there have been cases where people have missed their buses, but there are much better ways to handle people, I was perfectly polite on the phone, I work in customer service, so I know how to handle these things when I call. I would say that perhaps she was just having a bad day or something, but when I spoke with the other woman that was waiting for the bus, she had spoken with someone else on the phone that was just as rude as the person I spoke with. I will never use Airline Shuttle Corporation again, I will take my business to one of the companies that managed to pick up their customers on time while I was waiting for this unfortunate mistake.
4	Exited Terminal #1 in need of a ride to the Bellagio.  I expected to pay $20 for a cab and wanted to check on better rates.  I saw the stand where tickets were being sold for Airline Limousine Corporation shuttles.  To my surprise, the rate was only $7.50.  My only suggestion is to have patience.  If you're in a rush to start your Vegas Vacation, grab a cab.  It was rush hour(4:30/5pm on Friday) so this held us for a bit.  Also, the shuttle delivers to several hotels. It was simple and comfortable, which is exactly what I expected.  My trip took approximately 50 minutes from buying the ticket, waiting for the bus to arrive, to walking off the shuttle at the Bellagio.
1	I will never use this company again. Cheap, yes. But you get what you pay for.The trip to the hotel from the airport was fine. Scheduled pickup from hotel the day of departure to get to the airport. They never showed. I called and they said they talked to the driver who supposedly drove up, didn't see me and drive off. I was there the whole time. Now have to wait another hour to get next pickup time.Soooo frustrating.Update #1:So I'm still at the hotel waiting to get picked up. Supposedly, when I spoke with someone before, they set up another pickup an hour after the original. I just called because that one was running late, and it turns out it was actually never scheduled.Supposedly a shuttle has been sent here that is supposed to be here in 5 to 10 minutes.Location: Hilton Grand Vacations on the StripOriginal pick up time: 10:45 am today, 12/19/2013Second pick up time I was told but was apparently completely make believe: 11:40 amCurrent time, still waiting, still no shuttle: 11:56 am (and counting)Update #2:I waited about 15 minutes after speaking to the operator who said a shuttle would be there in 5 to 10 minutes. And she checked with dispatch and the shuttle would still be 10 minutes away from that point. Since my flight time was quickly approaching and I didn't want to continue playing the wait and see game for ever and ever, I got a cab at 12:10 and spent $25 to get to the airport. Which is what I should have done from the start. Lesson learned. Sure glad I bought that round-trip ticket for the shuttle.
1	I purchased the ticket online for a 4:25am departure. I thought the confirmation email would work on my phone with the bar code on it.  The driver told me to print it out to get on board, but at 4am, there is no way I can print it at the hotel.  So I have to pay the driver again to go to the airport. I called their customer service and they asked me to request refund when I get back home. But so far, no one answers my request through email or online request form.
1	DO NOT USE!!!! Horrible, horrible service. They drove right by instead of picking us up and waived us away when WE went out of our way to catch another shuttle. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
3	It's a decent option. Nine bucks one way from McCarran to downtown Las Vegas. No reservation needed.It took a little longer to get a full shuttle to downtown Vegas (at least on a Thursday during the mid-day) so I ended up waiting about 20 minutes to get on the shuttle.  But it's definitely an economical option. The driver was also generally friendly.
4	So I just checked my credit card and found the refund of the shuttle tix. I almost lost the hope since no one noticed me about it. I received an email from the PR staff of airport shuttle the day after I posted the original review, so I guess the review here does help solving the problem.
1	Oh so horrible. Do not ever take. You will be waiting forever. Or longer. Vile. Service? No! You'd be better walking to your hotel.
1	Very bad, super long wait... b/c they pretty much forgot about us.  After being told 20 minutes, waited 45 called and the dispatcher couldn't tell us why we hadn't been picked up yet.  Waiting another 15 minutes before finally getting picked up.  Luckily we'd planned accordingly w/ getting to the airport early or would have been screwed.  Good price, but don't recommend for their speed of business.  The getting forgotten part though is pretty inexcusable.
1	Beyond rude and inconsiderate. Bought a ticket. Waited 10 minutes and there was still no shuttle to get on. Other companies had loaded and gone and had another bus already waiting. Knowing that it would take a while to fill the bus when it did get there I asked for a refund and switched carriers. The lady mocked me for switching saying, "I guess you know it all about our bus times." I got a refund, switched, saved $2 on the price and was gone before their bus ever arrived. AVOID!
1	The fuckin guy is sitting here but is going to make me wait 30 minutes for a ride when the airport is 5 minutes away. Wtf. These people should be out of business.
1	I booked a ride to MCarran for an early flight.  I managed to find the side of the hotel where the shuttle would be and met the driver.  The driver grabbed my suitcase from me even though I would not let go of it and stated I wanted to place it in the back of the van myself.  In response the driver through the bag into the back with such force that the front of the cloth suitcase ripped.  On route to the airport the driver would not turn on any ventilation for a full shuttle, and I started choking on particulate matter in the cabin's air.  Finally the driver relented and turned on the air, but I didn't stop choking.  Later the next day, I developed a full blown attack of bronchitis from what I had breathed in.I contacted the company for resolution and even sent them pictures of my damaged bag.  They refused to do anything, and finally sent me a propaganda letter stating that they were not at fault for anything, and I had not proved my suitcase damage even though I saw the driver throw my bag and heard the rip of the suitcase.I would recommend anyone avoid Airline Shuttle Corp. if you value either your property or your health or your peace of mind.  However, if you decide to take the risk, I recommend that you have your camera out to take picture of the driver throwing suitcases and the inevitable damage.  I would also recommend that you have the number for Las Vegas police handy so you can call them to file an on spot report as proof of the damage.  Finally, I would recommend that you bring a face mask so as not to breathe in the dust, cleaning fluids, and particulate matter in case the driver is angry and doesn't feel like turning on the ventilation, and he will be angry if you insist on handling your own suitcase.The driver also failed to mention anything at the airport like where one could most efficiently check their bags, but I would  think you would have to be dreaming to receive that kind of value added  from this company.  In fact, you should thank your lucky stars if your property or health are not damaged  on route to the airport.Finally, I am only giving one star as that is the lowest rating offered, but I believe that they deserve -5 stars and should not be allowed to remain in business.  I would also question the positive reviews which may have been planted by management as having communicated with them regarding my damages, I think they have a totally cynically view, and don't care at all about how they abuse and hurt passengers.
1	Absolutely the worst experience. Waited half an hour for a shuttle that cost $10 less than a taxi to be crammed like sardines into a van. Pay the extra $10 and take a cab.
1	I have used this shuttle over the past few years but nothing compares to my experience I had with them on Friday, March 28th. I purchased my shuttle ticket at 5:07pm on Friday and had to pay $2.00 to go to the RIo since it was off the strip. I was fine with that thinking that the bus zone they put me in would get me to the Rio. Well after multiple busses pulled up for zone 2, zone 7, zone 4, zone 6, my zone 5 bus FINALLY arrived at 5:50pm. This was after asking the man in charge when our bus was coming multiple times... I got on the bus only to find out the Rio was going to be the last stop. I would have had to go to Caesars, Treasure Island, and the Venetian. At this point it has been well over an hour (so wish I would have taken a cab!). I got off at  Caesars and walked the 1 mile to the Rio with all of my luggage. That was honestly the fastest way to get there. I have never been so mad at my decision to take the shuttle. Spend the extra $9 and take a cab. It cost me $9.50 on the shuttle to the Rio and $17 in a cab on the way back. What a joke! I WILL NEVER TAKE THIS SHUTTLE AGAIN!!!!!! Terrible Terrible Service!!! Save your sanity and take a cab
1	This service, actually a contradiction in terms, is horrible. Booked a RT 2 weeks prior. On the departure the vehicle never showed up. They told me to take a cab. Escalated to a supervisor but best I could get was a promise of a refund claim. Back in the taxi line from  Caesars. Stay away from these guys.
1	I typically do not write yelp reviews good or bad, however I relay on yelp reviews heavily  when deciding where to go and what to use. This is a perfect example of how accurate yelp actually is. It makes sense this company has such bad reviews. I arrived to the airport and was told by a man to go to the shuttle window that it was only $8 and would only take 20 minutes. Yes it is 8 dollars but now I am out nearly $200. The shuttle took 20 minutes to show up and 20 minutes to wait for all passengers to load and then 20 minutes to deal with my luggage THEY broke. The driver who was so rude came on the bus and escorted me to the back where he showed me he snagged my bag on another bag and apologized it ripped all the way to the handle. The manager came out they both apologized and said the claims department would fix it. The claims department after I contacted them said they were denying it on wear and tear, when i told them it was a new bag used 3 times they instantly said it was my fault for over packing. I have now asked for a supervisor to contact me and no one will call or email me back. My claim is simply denied and I'm left with a brand new broken bag and they are blaming me! DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY SPEND A LITTLE MORE ON A TAXI. Also as a result of how slow they were I missed dinner with my friends. This is the worst company I have ever dealt with, with hands down the WORST costumer service. My next course of action will be the better business bureau and this company could seriously careless they are a disgrace.
1	The trip to Rio took longer than my flight from Cali although hotel is 3 miles from airport.   Don't do it.   Stay away.At night, they seem to have fewer vehicles running and place clients going to far reaching zones into the same vehicle.  Driver also asked me three times whether my bags were my bags, as if all brothers plan to come up by stealing anything not tied down.  He was a brother too. Dude, those are my tags on my bags.  There were only 4 bags remaining, what, I would take someone else's bags.  Take a cab and tell them to take the most direct route.  You will not lose. The cost is not much different.  The taxi commission actually has a chart which tells you how much the fare should be.
1	Whatever you do, just take the damn taxi. It's not worth the hour wait. Yes it's cheap but not worth it. Totally not worth it. 5 minutes becomes 10, then 15, and an hour. It's those damn crooked cabbers that resorted me to this and now I'm regretting it. Crooked cab to the strip $35, normal cab fare $20, this damn slow shuttle $7.25. Pray you get a normal cab.
1	Updating my review of Airline Shuttle....I got a call from their "social media" manage who apologized for their failed pickup.  She promised that I would be sent a claim form to get a refund. My already low expectations have been confirmed No claim form. No refund as far as I can see!
1	Seemed like a good shuttle until I needed them to pick us up to go to the airport.  I called 24 hrs ahead like they said and got a confirmation number.  We went outside early at 6:40 PM and waited 15-20 minutes and they didn't show up.  At 7:00 I called them.  They said the shuttle might be stuck in traffic.  Ok I waited another 15 minutes and called again and they said it came to our hotel at 6:50 PM.  Hell no!  We always go and wait for these shuttles early.  Been to Vegas plenty of times to know this.  My husband then talked to them on the phone and they hung up on him.  They said another one wasn't coming for us.  We ended up taking a cab.  Totally ridiculous!  Disputing this charge with my bank since the services were not rendered!  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.Another thing - you can't get onto their site to submit a complaint.  I have tried for two days and I get an error.
2	When we exited the terminal at the Las Vegas airport, we needed a way to get to Caesar's and saw the kiosk for this shuttle service. It was 14.50 to and from the hotel so we decided to book it. Way cheaper than a cab! Our way to the hotel was ok. The driver was friendly and patient and he tried his best to get us there as soon as possible. It was Memorial weekend so traffic was bad. On the way back to the airport, though, it was HORRIBLE. Our driver was VERY VERY rude. We basically loaded and unloaded our bags ourselves (and mind you, we were a group of all girls). The A/C in the shuttle was out, so it was super hot! Very bad experience.I recommend you plan ahead of time, look up reviews for shuttle services, and stay away from this one!
1	It takes me 90 mins to get to Wynn including 45 mins wait at airport. Considering my flight from long beach to Vegas is only 55 mins. This is the worst shuttle I ever take. While I was waiting I saw 4 super shuttle and 4 show time shuttle take off. When shuttle finally got here, it is another 15 mins wait. I should have checked yelp rating before paying.
1	Some of the most disinterested employees of all time  Bought a ticket to strip hotel and after waiting 20 minutes bus came and I asked the driver if he was going to my hotel just to be sure I was in correct line and he refused to answer me and stared and shrugged his shoulders. I took a cabI am surprised these folks are still in business.
1	Terrible, I'd give them 0 stars if it were possible. Slow service and they lie to you about the wait times for the shuttles. Their driver also dented one of our suitcases whilst loading and the company denied responsibility for it. Avoid them at all costs, just get a cab or the $4 bus to the strip that stops by the Palazzo.
2	Do not prepay for round trip. The shuttles at MGM come an go and range from $6-8 per person. Take one that is available. Look at reviews. 3 of this companies vans came while we waited and they were drop off only. We saw the many shuttleCompanies loading people and coming back while we waited for ours. Don't prepay and have more options.
1	Wish I would have read these reviews before using this service. I was on the correct bus and personally didn't have any problems, but the driver was literally raising his voice at passengers who had gotten on the wrong bus, even though he was parked DIRECTLY in front of the Zone 1 sign they were attempting to locate. He told them "get off!" For this employer, out driver was a black male with curly shoulder length hair, we departed at 12:55 from Zone 2, headed towards Cosmo. He needs an attitude check.
1	Lucky to get back home to Chicago after my experience with these people.  On June 17, 2014, I arrived in Las Vegas and purchased a round trip fare for Airline Shuttle Corp.  On June 18, as instructed, I called to reserve/schedule my trip back.  I was given a 3:45 pick up time at Harrah's for my 6pm flight.  I got outside to the shuttle pickup area of Harrahs at 3:35pm as I was told.  At 3:46, being a little nervous, I called the number and was told to give the driver 10 minutes after the pickup time.  In talking to some other people waiting, we came to realize all of us (7-8 people in total), were waiting for the same 3:45 bus.  Sometime shortly before 4pm, an Airline Shuttle Corp bus DID pull in and we were ready to board.  The driver said he was only dropping off, not picking up.  He supposedly went into his bus and called the main office because he came outside and told us our driver was stuck in traffic and was 5-6 minutes away.  Ten minutes later, still no bus.  Getting more anxious at 4:06pm, I called the number again, was put on hold for a couple of minutes and the woman came back and said that the driver for me DID come but that I was not outside.  I became furious and said that was not true, that several of us had been waiting out there for at least 20 minutes already and that no one came, except the driver who told us he was not picking up people.  The woman said she could not guarantee another pickup until the one scheduled for 4:45.  I said I could not wait because my flight was at 6pm.  I hung up and after waiting another 10 minutes, decided I better take a cab, but fortunately, a shuttle bus from another company was just leaving for the airport and I was able to go on there for $7.  This all being said, I think I deserve a refund to my credit card for the trip back to the airport that I never got, as well as being reimbursed the $8 ($7 plus $1 tip) for the other shuttle I ended up having to take instead.  They are the cheapest at the airport for a reason.  take Super Shuttle as I did the last 2 times.  More expensive, but TRUST ME it is worth it!
1	Nothing good to say. One of the drivers almost hit my car on street. When we stop , almost side by side, he opened his mini van door and he started saying things to me. What kind of philosophy have this company ??? Probably rude and unprofessional people.
1	Don't believe what they tell you! Shuttles leave every 15-20 min. Ha it's more like 40 min then instead of going directly to the downtown hotels as they said we've now made 4 stops at hotels on the strip! Thanks Airline Shuttle it's now taken longer to get to my hotel than it took to fly into town.
3	I purchased the round trip fare to use Airline Shuttle Corporation's service from McCarren Airport in Las Vegas.  I was headed to FLAMINGO on The Strip and in no hurry.   I think this is the part of the show when the disclaimer comes up in small print:   If you're in a hurry - take a cab - really.     ASC got me to my hotel on The Strip and made 3 stops before I reached my destination.  And I was told it may take 30 - 45 minutes travel time.  I wasn't in a hurry, remember, so things were cool.     Going to the airport, I phone a day in advance and scheduled a 12:35PM pick-up from FLAMINGO.  I was given the bus number (1813) and the bus arrived at.. yes,... 12:35PM.  I was expecting 12:30P to 12:45P but got an exact time.   Our driver was courteous and even though we made two other stops we arrived at the airport in plenty of time for easy check-in.     Saving money means having to deliver your own patience to any situation.  I liked ASC as it saved me about $25 roundtrip by not using cabs.  Yes - I had to do some extra work and planning.  But $25 in Vegas is a chip on RED and maybe double your money.   Take what you get and leave the rest to the richer folks.
1	I would give this 0 stars if I could.  The lady at Las Vegas airport was rude when we purchased round trip tickets.  I asked her why the extra fee and she says it's an airport pick up fee...like really - you're obviously picking everyone up from the airport so build in the fee to the price or take it off!2nd - we missed the shuttle to the airport on the way home.  They didn't call or anything and I'm sure they were earlier than the arrival time.  We waited 15 minutes until I called them when I found out that they had already left.    This shuttle comes every hour so we couldn't even catch the next one and had to pay for a cab.  It's ridiculous that they have no care for people missing their flights.  A phone call would be great rather than coming super early and then leaving.Save yourself the trouble and just pay the $$ for a cab.
1	If you can afford to wait 30+ minute to wait for this shuttle to come at "anytime", go ahead to pay $15/round trip. When first arrived at the airport, I purchased a round trip ticket to save a total of $.50 in total. I waited 20+ minutes for the shuttle. Then as the instruction on the ticket, I called the day before to arrange for pick up at the hotel. The guy gave me a reservation after I informed him that my flight is at 2pm, " the shuttle will be at the hotel at 10:45am, come early". I asked him, " how early? 10:30am?" "Sure. Why not. You don't want to miss it". The next day, I was out in 90+ degrees at 10:25am simply because I don't want to miss the shuttle. But guess what, that shuttle did not come until 11:05am. No phone call, of course they didn't even get my phone # when I made the reservation. When I called to check on the status, " it should be there anytime now". I can't measure the meaning of "anytime" but surely enough for me to say "never again, anytime" Honestly, we didn't save $$$$ for a cab, I would rather pay $15 more for a cab than to have to get up 2 hours early and waited 35+ minutes for a shuttle that can just come "anytime" at its leisure.
3	Hey, it wasn't bad. I'm frugal, so when I saw "average" estimated fares for a taxi to and from the strip, I balked. On to the shuttles, then. This company had the lowest fare round-trip that I found (just by pennies, though). Needless to say, I booked it. Our flight was delayed (thunderstorms between So. Cal and Vegas) so we got there an hour and a half after I had made the reservation for pick-up. We went to the kiosk just outside baggage claim and were directed to a shuttle line very quickly. No hassle there. Unfortunately, our shuttle had gotten a flat tire and was in the process of being loaded onto a tow truck as we got to the line. Ok, no problem. We were in no hurry. Whether this was the fault of the company/driver or road conditions out of their control, I don't know, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. We waited about 20 minutes, max, for a replacement bus to come. It wasn't a bad wait at all, and we were able to stay in the shade. Our driver was pretty nice and got us there safely after three other drop offs. On Thursday morning, we called (as advised) to confirm our reservation. Well, for a few different reasons, I looked at the wrong flight time for our outbound flight, mini-panicked while my boyfriend was on the phone confirming our pick-up time, and implored him to change it to an hour earlier. They did this without hesitation. Spoiler alert: the pick-up time I originally reserved WAS the right one (silly me). So fast-forward to the next morning at roughly 10:10 AM (5 minutes before the newly scheduled pick-up time). Our shuttle arrives and the driver quickly counts heads and determines there are too many people and someone will have to go later. He asks our flight times and ours was the latest. He then informs us we will have another shuttle come around to pick us up in about 10 minutes. This was fine by us, after all, we were in no rush and this was due to my mistake. 10 minutes later, a passenger van pulls up just for us. The driver loaded our bags and off we went to the airport, just me, my boyfriend, and the driver (how nice). Our driver this time was not talkative but nice anyways. We ended up getting to the airport three hours before our flight was scheduled to take off, so it all worked out in the end. I would use this company again IF we were traveling in a group (but if it was just us two again, I might use a taxi.) All in all, not bad and we saved money!
2	Cheap but not worth it. Don't get bamboozled by this option when you land in Sin City. The return trips from your hotel to the airport are almost always late... even if you schedule it 24 hours ahead like they instruct you to. You'll just give yourself anxiety while you wait an hour long for your ride to the aiport, barely catching your flight. My suggestion? If you have more than two people, cab it. You will get reliable service and the fare won't be much more since the Strip is just a hop, skip and jump away from the airport.
1	In a rush? Don't ride with these guys. From my experience.. An estimated wait/travel time from the airport to your hotel:25min for the shuttle to pull up15min to load the shuttle Depending on where your hotel is.. Add another 15min to 30minTotal travel time ~1hr This or a 15min cab ride for a few bucks more? Cab puh lease!!!Should've definitely read the yelp reviews prior to getting a ticket to ride with this snail moving shuttle service.
1	After over a month and a half of run around and following up with 4 different people, I receive a letter in the mail dated August 11th that they are unable to issue refunds for unused return trips. I received this letter on August 28th, and had been assured that my refund request was in process and in accounting (they always blame it on accounting!). This letter seems to me to indicate that more than two weeks ago, they knew I was not going to receive a refund. It makes it seem so dishonest and certainly not great customer service. If they would have just been honest from the start, they would have had a customer for life. Now, they've lost one after I try to use their service and my unused return trips. I expect that experience will be about what I encountered this round. I would look for another company, but maybe they all operate in this manner. I have a bad taste in my mouth! DON'T USE THIS COMPANY!
1	You are better off taking a taxi for around the same price. The driver was very rude, we mistakenly heard the incorrect Hotel stop and instead of him apologizing for the misunderstanding. He continues repeating the Hotel over and over lol.. then says he even spelled it out..okay...Save yourself a headache and take a taxi
1	Booked online (via a link from the conference I was attending) to make sure there would be room for me. Kinda thought $25 was high for a trip around the block, but OK, if that's the going rate.... But the door rate is $14.50! No coupon book. No refund. No legitimate excuse. Won't have my business again. Run away, far away, quickly!
1	Regardless of the "owner comment", the review stands. I did book thru a 3rd party, but I should not be paying the commission to the 3rd party, they should. "Owner" wanted me to rewrite/remove my review because of a "mix up." I think not. Scam all the way around.
3	$8 dollars to get to your hotel on the strip, a bit more if you're heading to downtown Vegas.Did a one way this time and I have done a round trip before and on the return you really need to give yourself a lot of time since you are scheduling a pick up from your hotel back to the airport.We waited 10 mins or so before leaving the airport to 6 different stops. Mine was stop #2 and it was okay, but I have been last stop and you only wished you would have used a taxi instead.
3	Upon arrival in Las Vegas, I decided to take this shuttle as opposed to other modes of transportation like a taxi. The Airline Shuttle Corp had the biggest presence with a kiosk and a sales person. She recommended a round trip ticket, which was about  $13 per round trip, the savings was about $2.50 vs buying one-way fare.There is a wait to ensure there are at least 5-7 people per departure from the airport onto the strip. They give you a sightseeing booklet that doubles as a ticket, which the driver scans. I bought a round ticket so I ripped the ticket page out and put it in my wallet for safe keeping. The shuttle was air conditioned with tinted windows. The complete drive to the strip took less than 10-15 minutes. Each shuttle stops off at its scheduled hotel. If  you are in a rush I would recommend a faster service, however, if you have time to spare take this shuttle service.
1	This is an update to my previous review.  So this issue started in August 2014.  After writing it, I was contacted on here by a representative from the company saying they wanted to make it right and to give her my information.  I gave my email address and the front page of the booklet showing my barcode.  I was like wow - maybe I judged them wrong and this whole thing was a one-off thing.  After being contacted, our messages went back and forth for a while and then stopped for a few weeks.  By this time I was frustrated.  If you are going to try to make something right - THEN DO IT.  I told the representative that I didn't want to waste my time and that's clearly what they were doing and I would update my review to tell everyone what had happened since my last review.I was then contacted via email by ANOTHER person.  Who said they would issue me a refund right away.  I provided my address and then I did not hear a peep from that rep for a month.  I contacted them recently to see if they had even sent it.. still no response.THIS COMPANY IS A WASTE OF TIME.  HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE and I HOPE THEY REALIZE THAT WORD OF MOUTH IS A VERY USEFUL TOOL.  It has now been 2 months since I was promised my refund and I really don't care for it any longer.  A vacation is supposed to be a happy experience, not a fight with a company with terrible customer service.Don't use them - take a taxi.  If I miraculously receive my cheque after this, it doesn't matter as they have shown me their company values.
1	Takes forever and they lie about how long it will take. Nobody here knows what is going on #avoid
1	AVOID this company.  Very slow service.  I would give them 0 stars. If you want to get to the airport on time you're better off taking a cab. Must book return trip a day in advance.  Not refunded for unused return trip (reason was a nonexistent disclaimer).
2	Did this back in September with a friend.  The way to the hotel was great.  Was a decently priced shuttle.  When we went to get back to the airport on the day of our flight we were outside way before the time we were supposed to have been, and the shuttle never came.  So my friend and I called and apparently the driver said that he drove by and no one was there, which wasn't true.  We were on the phone with someone for a while and they told us to go to the kiosk when we got to the airport to get our money back.  So we had to take a cab to the airport which was inconvenient.  When we got to the kiosk at the airport the lady said that she couldn't give us our money back and that they knew that on the phone and don't know why they told us that. Even the guys standing near the kiosk that work there thought that they could give us our money back right then and there. She gave me, and my friend a paper to fill out and send in to get our money back and it's been a month and I have yet to hear anything back.
1	We had a horrible driver! He had a lead foot, he either floored the gas or floored the brake. The driver wasn't even focused on the road the whole time, he kept looking at so device in the front GPS or something.  My husband almost got sick. Unfortunately our hotel was the last stop. We paid up front for the return and ended up taking a taxi. The taxi wasn't nearly as much as the shuttle company said it would be and we didn't have to make stops. Do not take the shuttle you will be much happier with a cab!!
1	Do not use these guys at all. They failed to pick up from the airport despite two phone calls to customer service. On the way home they again failed to take me to the airport. Since I prepaid, they have my money and no incentive for customer service.
1	Pathetic!  Had email confirming 8:00am hotel pickup. it was cold and 30 miles an hour wind. We were at pickup spot at 7:55... waiting... called them at 8:10....  Answer #1: we don't have your reservation - really?  it's in my email  Answer #2: we have your reservation but no pickup time  - really?  it's in my email. Answer  #3: why don't you walk to another hotel to get picked up  - really? sure we would be so happy to drag all our luggage around.  Maybe a good exercise to warm up in these temperatures??   ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME???After 30 minutes we had enough and took a cab.  Cost of the cab from TI $26 (with  tip) cost of the shuttle would have been $20 for 2 people.   Absolutely not worth saving $6!!
1	Read reviews before you buy a ticket! Feedback is the same from me as everyone else. It does not matter how cold it is, hot it is.... They will take their sweet time. The worst? If you ask they will tell you " just less than 5 more minutes" and then you watch 30 tick by. they are in no hurry so you should not be either if you use this service!
