4	I won't go into all the details of Roy's. It's a chain and while the menu varies from place to place - it doesn't vary all that much. I personally love the chain It's got great hawaiin and asian-fusion food with "americanized" accents. They make great drinks...even the arnold palmer here tastes better than in other places.But let me focus on this one in Summerlin for a minute. The two or three times I went, the service was pretty sharp. The location is great only if you happen to live or be staying in Summerlin. It's a bit of trek for tourists from the Strip. It stays fairly quiet inside which is nice and a bit of a change from most other members of the chain. No smoking except in the bar - which is a plus (this is Nevada after all).
4	I'm not being bias because I use to work there, but I think Roy's is a great concpet with good value.  I love the Miso glaze butterifish among other dishes.  There's always something new on the menu so give  Roy's a try and if you dont like it, it's  on me.
5	Amazing food and knowledgeable, attentive service!!  A little pricey, but definitely worth the money is you are looking for quality, style, and service!
4	Always go here when I am in Las Vegas visiting family. The food is great. Love the Hawiian fusion food menu. I loved the butterfish as well as the rib eye steak with a good glass of cab.
5	E KOMO MAI . . .WELCOME .......Roy's puts you in a great state of mind when you walk in the door.Roy's  has an excellent lounge serving supurb "island" drinks.The "1988" - a combination of grapefruit, Vodka and assorted liqueurs is not to be missed ....Roy's is just an excellent experience for dinner.I take relatives and out of town friends there.My son had his 21st. birthday dinner at Roy's.I have always enjoyed excellent service ......Supurb friendly and knowledgeable people.It is hard to imagine that it is a chain restaurant....I enjoy everything - the Braised Short Ribs are my # 1 favorite.They have an excellent Prix Fixe menu that changes slightly throughout the year.3 courses @ $35.00 - hard to beat that deal for the quality of the food.The meal is usually completed by the molton chocolate souffle. Everyone enjoys the hot liquid chocolate escaping from the cake when you cut into it. Chef Roy Yamaguchi inspires the Hawaiian Fusion cusine served in the many Roy's locations.The three "Hawaiian style mixed plates" along with the seafood choices make dinner selection most difficult.The quality of the food and the astounding menu choices will make you want to come again.Just to give your second choice for the night a try .......You will do that over and over again ........Roy's           -   you could not make a better choice .........
3	I dined at Roy's on New Year's Eve and thought the experience was okay.  The menu offered during NYE was a 4 course prix-fixe menu with the price dependent on the type of protein you ordered as your entree.  I decided to go with the scallops but was disappointed.  The scallops were a nice size but were not cleaned properly and were gritty.  The sauce was too sweet for my liking.  However, I did enjoy the array of appetizers we ordered and really liked the beef tartare.  The appetizers were good as well and I enjoyed the banana split topped with pieces of mochi.  I'd be willing to give Roy's another chance but won't be ordering the scallops next time around.
5	I've eaten here a few times and the staff is amazing! Very attentive and friendly, reminds of the one on Oahu. They brought us extra bites to nibble on and everything had the perfect flavors. I especially like their take on edamame with a little kick... YUMMY :)
5	Excellent service, food, and interior. Upscale hawaiian-fusion.
4	Just came back from LV over the weekend. Had the pleasure of going back to Roy's since most of the places in the casinos are booked solid over the weekend. We had the tempura roll apetizer. It was a fresh departure from the normal rolls. The filet and shrimp was excellent. Atmosphere was nice and the staff were attentive.
4	Roy's Aloha Hour was the newest addition this summer to this Asian-Fusion restaurant hailing from Hawai'i.  On Mondays through Fridays, from 4:30 pm to 7 pm, $5 menu items for drinks and food are available.Of course, when we arrived the past Friday we didn't know about this special hour.  So our dinner reservations (celebrating Restaurant Week) turned into a happy hour feast.Taking a seat outside to enjoy the warm late summer evening, we looked over the drink menus.  With quite a selection, we began with:  * 1988 "A tribute to our opening year in Honolulu.  Perfectly balanced blend of tart grapefruit and tangy pomegranate with ABSOLUT Ruby Red Vodka, SOHO Lychee Liqueur and Patron Citronge Liqueur echoes the idyllic island lifestyle." (HH $5) - Delicious.  This was the Husband's drink choice and I didn't give it a second thought because it had grapefruit in it.  However, I caught a whiff of the lychee and couldn't resist taking a sip.  It was good, without the bitterness of grapefruit.  For my second drink and his, we both ordered one of these.* Mango Mojito "Fresh mango puree blended with Bacardi Limon Rum, hand-squeezed lime juice and freshly muddled mint." (HH $5)* Kalua Pork Grilled Cheese Sandwich "Garlic Parmesan Fries" (HH $5) - This was my first drink choice and it was decent.  It wasn't as great as the 1988 though.Food bites:* Chicken & Shitake Mushroom Lettuce Wraps "Chili Hoisin Dipping Sauce" (HH $5) - A generous portion of bibb lettuce leaves and stuffing sat in a three sectioned platter along with the dipping sauce.  It probably could have been presented a bit better.  The lettuce wraps were okay, a bit too sweet though.  The Husband found it to be rather mushy, and I would have to be agree.  Not the highlight from this menu.* Crispy Mochiko Chicken Bites "Madras Curry Aioli" (HH $5) - Served in a bamboo steamer, a generous portion of chicken and dipping sauce arrived.  I was pleasantly surprised by the tasty chicken and the sauce complemented it nicely.  * Spicy Tuna Roll "Spicy Tuna, Cucumber, Kaiware" (HH $5) - A simple roll cut into 8 pieces, but very good.  They do their sushi rice well here.  We ordered another one.* Japanese Shishito Peppers "Sweet Su Miso Sauce" (HH $5) - A surprise and delightful find.  We've had this elsewhere, but it was so much better here.  So good we ordered another.  I didn't use the dipping sauce, rather I dipped it back in the sauce it came in.* Kalua Pork Grilled Cheese Sandwich "Garlic Parmesan Fries" (HH $5) - Sliced into two triangles, the sandwich looked exciting from across the table.  Then I noticed the bread, it's a lot thicker and softer, and I prefer it crispier as well.  The shredded cheese wasn't melted all the way, which I think contributed to the lack of gooeyness one expects from a grilled cheese sandwich.  I didn't even notice the pork in the sandwich as a result.  The fries were good though.Service was okay, not as stellar as I have expected from the Roy's chain though.3.5 stars.
5	finished up restaurant week 2009 with a light but solid pre fixe $30 dinner at Roy's Fusion Restaurant. The bonus? The contribution they make to 3square.org.  Didn't try anyone else's dishes but i chose the appetizer trio of shrimp, pork shortribs and more pork (szechuwan style), came also with a trio of sauces. i was licking my fingers just to savor every last bit.It was a tossup choosing between my favorites:  the pecan crusted rainbow trout or the herb crusted shrimp. chose the latter and glad i did. they served it with a mushroom and lobster risotto that was divine (lick fingers, check, now lick plate! check)  2 friends got the maui onion sirloin and multi spiced pork chop and raved about them. The perfect wine pairing i had was a glass of mer soleil from ca, not a wine connoisseur myself, but it tasted citrusy with a slight smoky flavor.  i was so proud that i picked it myself.  dessert was the perfect fluff end to dinner, delicately light, upside pineapple cake with homemade coconut infused vanilla ice cream. sorry, no pics to share, i gobbled it up at warp shutter speed.For what it is, can't wait to go back to try their regular menu; even if it's a chain. Service was timely, the food was worth every penny, and the proceeds went to a great cause.  All considered, a well-rounded 5 stars.
3	We have a Roy's in Dallas, which I have passed on several occasions. I've always heard great things about it, but have never been. I'm glad we made it here and will be going to the one back home sometime soon. The restaurant was not what I thought it would be. It was more of clean lines, dark wood bar, open kitchen. Maybe the bastardized Hawaiian theme was in my head, but that definitely wasn't it. Once seated our server promptly greeted us.  The menu has a wide range of menu options starting with sushi, then appetizers and entrees. I was going to order a few pieces of sushi but quickly changed my mind when I saw they had Kobe carpaccio. I was let down though when I saw the portion. The measly bits of beef were hidden by a mound of arugula. The dish was disappointing. My entree of Macadamia nut crusted Mahi Mahi with lobster sauce was fantastic. Every ingredient on the dish balanced perfectly together from the sweetness of the fish and the nuts and the lightness of the sauce...it was all perfect. I passed on dessert but was given tastes of those who did order and Roy's sorbet was a perfect ending to the meal. A trio of sorbet of Lychee, Mango and Coconut had perfect texture. The server did forget one of my friends dishes but quickly made up for it. Besides that one hiccup we never waited for a thing and service was always prompt.  I don't see Roy's as a destination restaurant in Vegas, but I wouldn't complain if asked to go.
3	My wife and I stopped by this place one night for dinner and while the staff seamed hesitant about seating us, even though it wasn't busy (maybe it was because I was in shorts?) they finally put us outside and we had a great time. The staff eventually warmed up to us and the food was excellent. We ended up finishing two bottles of wine that night and talked about coming back again, though we never did.
5	Oh la la! Hawaiian fusion food at its best. I went for the 35 USD prefixed dinner menu (how can you resist?)...and I loved it.Food was outstanding and more than I could have handled. I had the Vietnamese wraps (Just the fish sauce was strange. Too salty and too sour. They missed to water it down and missed to add some sugar as well). The salmon was delish and so was the chocolate souffle. Be prepared to gain a pound or so. The dessert was very rich. The service was very attentive too.
3	Roy's is a great place to dine when you want to try a mix of middle east, island, asian, and western cuisine; in other words, a fusion of flavors.  This restaurant was available back home on Guam, but I never had the time to stop by the hotel and try it.  Last night I was on a quest to find something different to eat, and Roy's fit the bill.When we walked in, it was like stepping into a restaurant on the Big Island.  Comfortable, dim lighting made for a sophisticated yet comfortable eating atmosphere.  The staff uniforms are simply any island shirt and slacks, which is great because individual personalities stand out for each server.  The menu is just as nice as the atmosphere--short and to the point.  There are specialties that your server will point out to you as well as any suggestions for the evening.  I suggest their Lakalinau roll--wagyu beef on top of the roll that has termpura asparagus, snow crab, sesame miso and truffled greens.  That blew my mind.  The textures are fabulous and the flavors were amazing together.  All I could say while eating it was "Oh my God".  I'm hardly ever into a roll that much, so this surprised me.  We had sashimi and their rock shrimp tempura which, by the way, was sprinkled with saffron and served with a great peanut sauce.  That was the first time I've ever eaten Indian tempura, so to speak, and it was wonderful.  Their butterfish is so flaky and full flavored that I wanted to eat all of it, but it was my husband's order.  It has this thai chili sauce on the plate that was mildly sweet and spicy.  Great choice.  I had the macadamia crusted mahi, which was very good, too.  Although more firm than the butterfish and not as flavorful, it was still great.  The asparagus was good on the plate.Their complimentary edamame has this crazy garlic and spice flavoring that it's tossed in, which I loved.  It reminds me of the same garlic sprinkles that are on top of Beijing Noodle's (at Caesars Palace) crispy chicken.  I love that stuff.Overall, a great experience and definitely a restaurant I'll frequent more often.  You must try their sushi if you aren't in the mood to spend too much on dinner, and if you are willing to splurge, grab the butterfish, the roll I mentioned, and ask for extra edamame. If I could give 3.5 stars I would, but I can't say that I'm a fan because the sushi was the only thing that flipped my mind.  The flavors are great here, and the food is good, but their specialty is fish and compared to RM Seafood, this place is just fair.
5	I had thought I had posted a review for Roy's when I dined here last year for Restaurant Week, but I guess I didn't.  That's OK, because I wanted to post a new review after eating here last week for my mom's birthday, and make sure that i gave Roy's 5 stars.First, I made reservations online, and since my mom has food allergies, I typed some information into the box that asked about it on their site.  It also asked me if we were celebrating a birthday, which we were.When we arrived, we were seated and discovered that they had a special "Happy Birthday Susan" paper printed out and inserted into our menus.  What a cool idea.  After we ordered and they took our menus, they rolled up the papers with a ribbon as a gift.  They also took our picture and printed it out and put it in a paper frame for us to keep.  On top of that, a few different employees stopped by the table to wish her a happy birthday.  No annoying birthday song, but everything Roy's did to celebrate was very classy.On to the food!  I had their prix fixe menu and had the trout along with a shrimp cake appetizer.  My girlfriend had a shrimp dish, and my mom had the halibut.  We all enjoyed our meals immensely, and the staff brought up my mom's food allergies I had typed in before we mentioned it in person.For me, it was all a precursor to dessert, though, where I had the chocolate lava cake that came with the prix fixe dinner.  This is simply the best dessert I've ever had, and I'd eat actual lava as a main course just to get to the dessert.  They also brought vanilla bean creme brule with a candle in it for my mom, on the house of course.Our server Justin was great, as was the rest of the staff at Roy's.  Definitely a place I'll be celebrating special occasions at in the future.
5	Roy's is our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. Sometimes I get their Prix Fixe menu which costs less than $40 and includes 3 courses from a limited menu. We always get the chocolate lava cake. It's the best, but order it early as it takes about 20 minutes to prepare. We go to Roy's to celebrate special occasions. They will usually ask you if you're celebrating anything special when you arrive. If they know that you are, they make the night special by giving you a framed photo of your group along with a chef's choice dessert. Just a heads' up. We tried their happy hour once and the food specials were incredibly small. The sliders were about the diameter of a quarter. Why bother? LOL. Stil our favorite place, the menu is always changing, the food is great and the service is very personalized.
5	Our second time visiting this joint and loved it again. Last time we went for dinner. This time we did the $5 Happy Hour! AWESOME! We had an entire meal of the $5 appetizers. The beef skewers were the best! Sarah and Dave, the bartenders, were great and the food came out so fast! The $5 Happy Hour is every day except Saturday, but the word is that they may extend it into Saturdays eventually! The food, the service, the attention-it is all wonderful!!!!! We can't wait to go back.
5	I love this place!Everytime we dine here, it feels like being back home in Hawaii.  The food is great, the servers are fantastic, and don't forget the happy hour special.  I highly recommend it to everyone who has never dine here.  See you soon Roy's....
5	Why the hell does anyone go to Kona Grill?  Unless you want to take a spray tan gold digger to be your wife, seriously the food blows.  Happy hour can suck it, like the girl who can't find a seat and has to sit on your lap.  Want great food, real happy hour, and a chill environment in real Island style hit Roy's.  Not only is their food fresh, delightful, innovative, and their staff is attentive and friendly.  We dont eat huge meals and they were happy to let us share.  The server actually recommended we have Opah two ways and both ways were wonderful.   They have a really cool cocktail menu and a great prix fixe menu deal this month. The crab salad with mango and avocado is now a new craving.  I could eat this for lunch everyday.
5	Go here. Now. It's that good. I went here with my wife for a late dinner. We were seated promptly and attended to right away. For an appetizer I had there calamari which tasted fresh and prepared excellently with a nice sauce. I ordered the honey-mustard garlic charred beef short ribs and they blew me away. They were excellent. I just wish there were more of them. Not that the portions were small but I wanted to gorge myself on this treat.
2	The food was Ok and so was the service, my issue is the portion sizes. We had a private room and a fixed menu, I left this place hungry and I'm of normal height and weight... made a pit stop to Capriotti's afterwards.
3	Food is good, but a bit pricey.  Service was ok.  The bar only has one small tv so definately not going there to see a game.  Did the $5 happy hour menu, some of the drinks were tasty, but very sugary and the martini glasses were only half filled.  Tried all the 5 dollar apps, they were all good, but very small portions.  For an extra buck a drink and appetizer Flemings blows this place away in quality and value.
5	I returned for my birthday because Joel Roebuchon would not accept a Baby as a guest...:/ Of course! Anyway...I am glad we did. Eventhough my hubby desperately wanted to splurge and indulge us for a Michelin star experience I am glad we ended up with Roys. We came here a bit early but were seated pretty much right away. The service again was very attentive. They took a picture for us that they framed and signed in the back. This was free! Yes! I insist. Not like Planet Hollywood were we could have purchased the same thing for 10 bucks...LOL. Of course that's a tourist trap...but still it's worth to compare things that could be considered equal. The food was great too but it was not as good as during my first visit. It was slightly salty (I had the salmon with the goat cheese and spinach crust). However the service was top notch and the experience was pleasant and memorable. And I got my little birthday cake surprise as well. Our baby girl got also a cute little dessert with a sundance scoop and a bit of chocolate. I am sure we probably would have paid big bucks at Roebuchon for it...Great! Our tummies and Sophie's piggy bank is filled. What more could you ask for???
2	We went to Roy's on a recent trip to Vegas.  I guess we were expecting the quality of the Roy's on Oahu.   Really, for how slow the restaurant was, I expected better.  Maybe we'll have better luck next time.   I do have to admit that the calamari was great but everything else was so so.
5	Had my birthday dinner at Roy's while vacationing in Vegas. My sister's fiance is the manager there and had a special dinner set up. Some of the items off the menu were the Mahi Mahi, Salmon and the Spiced Ribs. All awesome!! Props to the Chef for his other dishes! 5 stars for the food and service.
5	I've always been a huge Roy's fan and recently my husband and I tried its Aloha Hour (3:30-6:30pm - Daily) and I must say it is one of the best local happy hours!  We enjoyed great food, drinks and service!All Aloha Hour items are $5 including the signature Mai Tai, beers, wine and several martinis. The food was outstanding! We enjoyed several sushi rolls, the calamari (the best I've ever had) and sliders.This was such a memorable experience that I've been telling all my friends, Twitter and FB about it! A must try!
3	I finally got a chance to eat at Roy's which I was soooo looking forward to. It was my Mom's 75th birthday.  So we all went as a family affair. The waiters were very attentive and handsome but that is all I'm gonna say about them. The busboys were on the mark about cleaning up after each course. My six-year old niece got special treatement which was great and kept her from getting bored like lil kids usually do. Now about the food:CALAMARI-was ok.  Was kinda wet...don't know if it was the sauce on it or not cooked enough.  Ask for the sauce on the side so you can dip it yourself.  I've had better calamari and the tentacles were missing.(HOUSE SPECIALTY)-HAWAIIAN MARTINI-on the strong side...tasted good...strong....a wedge of pineapple on the glass...nothing spectacular. RIBEYE-I always order medim.  Nice size, tender.  I can taste the burnt parts. It's ok-at least it was really grilled.  Some sauce on it...again...shoulda asked for sauce just on the plate or on the side.  I don't like my food soggy.  Mashed potatoes very buttery...but it was...umm mashed potatoes.  Green beans-tasted like green beans.  I didin't like and I usually like the green beans. The sauce tasted buttery and the rib-eye had an assortment of mushrooms on it.  I love mushrooms but they did not excite my pallette.My son ordered the BBQ CHICKEN- he was not thrilled with his order.  My sister ordered the BUTTERFISH-I think she really liked it..especially the sauce.  My parents ordered the SURF AND TURF-they finished it (either they were really hungry or really liked it! lol)The menu had a special HAPPY BIRTHDAY greeting inside it for my mom.  Nice touch.  As the dessert came CHOCOLATE SOUFFLE- a special plate for my mom was brought out.  Candles, happy birthday on the plate with chocolate sauce and some cute dainty cupcakes for her.  The souffle was yum.  Hot and melted chocolate inside.  My son described it as a CHOCOLATE LAVA.  ...overall- AMBIENCE:  dark, great place for a date. (too dark for my mom's eyes-she had a hard time reading the menu) I liked the fact there was an eating bar overlooking the kitchen and you can see the chefs working their magic. ...WAITERS-easy on the eyes, attentive....FOOD-take it or leave it.  Maybe I was expecting too much since I heard so much about this place and it's "Hawaiian-Fusion".  I want a place to "WOW" me!. I want to eat something I could not cook at home.  It was a nice place...but it does not get an OMG from me.  Try it for yourself for the experience.
5	My wonderful husband took me to Roy's for our 15th wedding anniversary!  We had the most amazing time... the service was wonderful and we were treated so special!  We opened our menus to see a beautiful personalized "Happy Anniversary" page inside.  They also put a pretty ring of Hawaiian flowers around our candle so everyone who came to bring us anything knew it was a special occasion.  The food was outstanding.  We had the a great sushi roll for appetizer and the butterfish and mahi mahi dishes were both delish!  They brought us out a cheesecake type dessert with Happy 15th Anniversary written in chocolate but we also had to order the famous chocolate souffle!  It really is worth it... one of the best desserts we have ever had!  They also took our picture and printed it out right then for us, with a nice paper frame.  I felt like they went above and beyond to make our evening special!  I would definitely recommend Roy's for an anniversary celebration!
4	This review is just based on their Happy Hour! I've been here for dinner and I think that it's pretty marvelous, but that's for some other day. Everything on the Happy Hour menu is $5! They have some good food items, Wagyu Sliders, Calamari and the Potstickers were my favorite. Hard alcohol is not $5 unless you get something that is a Roy's specialty cocktail. The Strawberry Basil Martini is definitely the drink to drink if you are like me that likes something sweet but not too sweet. It is definitely marvelous! Service was good, they have the patio and sushi bar for Happy Hour open too, so that way there's a whole bunch of Happy Hour tables. I definitely will be back!
5	Outstanding service. Came here after the Yelp Olympics elite event and didnt change into street clothes just stayed in gym attire. The staff didnt treat us like we werent welcome, in fact we got the same respect as others dressed in clubbing attire. At first the menu looks a tad on the pricey side but the food is well worth it.Appetizers - Panko Crusted Calamari -Recommended by our server. Not a traditional Calamari with deep fried squid goodness served next to some tomato based sauce, this variation of Calamari comes lightly breaded, deep fried, and tossed in a sweet orange sauce with a mild vinegar tang. Absolutely delicious.Salads - Maui Wowie - 10 bucks for a salad? Better be the best salad ever... Yeah it's really good. The caper lime dressing wasnt too rich but wasnt too light either, it was perfectly balanced and gave each ingredient enough room to pronounce itself. Sweetness of the shrimps compliment the salad very nicely.Entrees - Roy's Trio - Beautifully arranged on the three tiered plate this trio of fish is well worth the price. The salmon was cooked perfectly and had a very pleasant grilled flavor. The tuna's butter sauce was...DAMN!! The best part was the Misoyaki Butterfish, tender with lots of flavor.
5	Two wonderful Happy Hours so far and one was a holiday Sun!  Wonderful comfy sheltered patio The Calamari is different. Spiced breading, a fab sauce, so tender! Could eat it every wk. Lobster pot stickers, divine... again sauce is wonderful! The beef sliders are heavenly. The steak skewers were tender but did not take me like the other items. First trip our margarita's had to be sent back for additional agave syrup sweetening but second trip different bartender and they were great. First trip we entered, went to the patio and then had to call the restraurant asking for service and a menu. It was not busy so there was no excuse for poor service. Trip 2 they seem to have corrected this. Will be going again for the food. Friends did the Prix Fixe menu and said it was screaming good.
5	We had a wonderful experience. The food was great. The server was very attentive. The atmosphere was very relaxed and quite romantic.
4	Aloha hour...$5 lobster California roll and lobster potstickers are amazing!!! I first dined here a while back with my Mom. She absolutely loved it. We ordered the prixe fix menu and were dazzled by the display of each prepared item. This is definitely one of those rara-shishi type places where the portions are small, but the taste more than makes up for it. I returned here for happy hour with a coworker and we enjoyed some unusual (Strawberry Basil Martini) yet delicious cocktails and noshed on appetizers that were much easier on the pocket than the dinner menu. The only issue would be that the happy hour crowd here is more of an older bunch, but if you're just looking for some gourmet eats and delectable drinks this is your place.
5	I'm reviewing the Aloha Hour only and those 2 hours are great! Top notch drinks and apps from 4:30-6:30.  All drinks and appetizers are $5 and worth every penny!  The first time my friends and I went we ordered all 6 apps and all of them were delicious.  There's something for every taste. My favorite two if I had to choose would be the Wagyu sliders and the calamari. I've been there twice in the last week and a half and I could still go back!  The drinks are on the sweet side but side nicely with the apps.  Check it out!  You will not be disappointed!  Service is 5 stars!
5	This is the holy grail of restaurants for parents... a place that is kid-friendly AND has good food. I didn't think it was possible. Based on all the family-friendly spots we've been to, this one has the best food. Now, I don't think it's on par with elite restaurants on the Strip, but it's still very tasty.What really makes this place special is the value -- a happy hour (from 4:30 - 6:30) where appetizers, wine, and cocktails are $5 and Kona pale ale is $3. They also have a three course prix-fixe menu for $35.The mixed green salad ($7.95 and not on the HH menu) was respectable, although not the sexiest dish. Both the tempura crusted spicy ahi roll and crunchy lobster potstickers were delicious fusion options worth getting again. The wagyu sliders (2 per order) were tender and juicy and sat on a pretzel-like bun. They were accompanied by garlic sweet potato fries. The biggest letdown was the salt and pepper crisped calamari. While the sweet and spicy flavor was enjoyable and the addition of macadamia nuts was a nice contrast in texture, it was a heavy dish that could have benefited from having the sauce on the side.The kid menu isn't cheap -- at $13 -- but it does come with three courses. The appetizer is a cheese quesadilla with sliced apples, celery and carrots. There are six kid entrees to choose from. The final course is either a sundae or fresh fruit (guess which one my kid chose).Another pleasant surprise was the quality of service. From the host and hostess to our waiter and food runners... everyone was warm and welcoming. It's almost commonplace to walk into a "nice" restaurant with a child and suffer poor service from employees who don't want you there. So, getting the kind of attention and friendliness that we received was shocking. That level of care will turn us into repeat customers, as there's no doubt we'll be back, whether or not it's for a family night out or a date night.
1	What kind of restaurant closes in Las Vegas at 9:15 PM on a Friday night?  I tried to make reservations at 9:30 PM and they said they were closed.  Truly unreal, there are far better places open until 11 PM or as late as 24 hours to consider!  Wayne Gorsek
5	I love Roys I have been here a few times and every time is great! The food is awesome and the chocolate souffle omg!!!! You have to try it.
4	A fine dining restaurant that offers a great affordable menu during their Aloha Hour (4:30-6:30). And in the words of the eccentric Nicki Minaj, it got that super bass. $5 drinks and appetizers are too good to pass up, chain or no chain. The setting was dim, clean and a bit romantic. Their workers were totally friendly and attentive. Based on my observations, I conclude that it attracts Summerlin housewives and retirees who love to slurp on pink drinks and wine. Bravo TV, if you plan on casting for the Real Housewives of Las Vegas, come here. They're botox and Louis Vuitton ready, trust. Anyway, I recommend their sliders, lobster potstickers and tempura tuna roll. I'm unfamiliar with their drink menu to recommend anything because I stuck to wine. I saw only one beer though. And bar space is limited to a few tables, so I was lucky it was dead when we came. Despite this, I still would visit to unwind with a bunch close friends.
4	My wife and I ate here a bit back and enjoyed the experience. The food and service were both quite good. Despite zero complaints and two very satisfied stomachs, There are places I'd rather go for the price. It is hard for me to articulate why, to be honest. Maybe it is just a personal taste thing?Either way, I would absolutely recommend that you try Roy's out. I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.
3	Visited the bar for happy hour.  Nice atmosphere.  You can get the happy hour at the bar, high-top tables, and the sushi bar.  There's a great selection of reasonably priced martinis, cocktails, beers and wine.  The $5 appetizers were tasty but they are smaller portions than the full priced appetizers.
4	Roy's (8701W Charlston, Summerlin, 702-838-3620) is a QUIETER and less crowded place for wonderful Happy Hour! They serve a variety of delicious sushi dishes and tasty drinks (all for $5 each)!LONGER Version:I went there to try out its happy hours three times; twice on Sats and once on a Fri evening.I was impressed with its nice bar menu, drinks, and attentive, friendly servers, as well as their setup (table cloth in the cozy patio) for happy hour. Roy's has a small and comfortable bar area inside, as well as a patio with table clothed tables outside for HH. All food and drinks are $5. My friends and I really loved their Cabinet Sauvignon (nice Rutherford), seasoned tender fried calamari, beef sliders, and ahi dishes! They are of great value.Roy's lives up to its reputation for happy hours. So, I was really surprised that on those occasions, this place was NOT crowded - nothing compared with Gordon Biersch or Kona Grill in Boca Park a mile away, which would have been swamed with young people at happy hours.- Therefore, if you enjoy delicious foods and drinks and want to have a QUIETER atmosphere for happy hour, then do give Roy's a try! Parking is easy; it also has valet parking, if needed.When we were leaving near 7pm, we saw the dinner crowd coming in, and the parking lot was getting busy. SoI guess Roy's might be more famous for their dinners than happy hours. But my friends and I found Roy's happy hour to be among our top choices at any rate, ESPECIALLY WHEN we do NOT want having to fight/wait for a table or parking space, and like to enjoy our good foods, drinks and conversation in a quieter setting.- Peterskis, Dec 2011 Happy Holidays!
5	Wow, for some reason i walked into the restaurant thinking that I would be giving a four star review. So even more impressed that they won me over recieving 5 stars. The restaurant is as described hawain fusion. Amazing Fish dishes combined with american staples like a pork chop or filet. I chose a Fish sampler. I would Always take three mini entrees over 1 large entre any day. All three pieces of Fish were Cooked diferently and perfectly. The best part of the night was the service. I could tell the Server was new and nervice. Learned later that he recently worked his way up though the ranks. He stumbled with the wine work. At first in was like "i can't believe he can't open a bottle of wine". But he quickly demonstrated humility and was forthcoming with his lack of experience opening wine. I quickly went from criticing to cheering for the guy. During the entire meal our server went above and beyond. The restaurant manager checked in yet did not smother. There was an above average amount of specialty drinks. Wine list had everything you needed with a nice range of prices. I Especially appreciated the options at the lower price points. It was mentioned that today was a new menu so if you have not stopped in for a while now may be the time for a return visit.
4	Food and service above par. The fish is fresh. Decent, varied wine list. No sommelier.
2	My wife and I were EXTREMELY disappointed with our first experience with Roy's in Las Vegas. We went there for a special occasion and it was so not worth the price we paid for it.First, we ordered the spare ribs for our appetizer. They came out and were tender, but hot on the outside, ice cold on the inside. We sent them back. The manager brought out of fresh order promising to check in on us, but alas never did.For our entrees, I ordered the yellowtail with risotto. My risotto was crunchy. It wasn't palatable at all, but the fish was good. My wife ordered the boursin-stuffed chicken breast. The skin on the chicken was chewy, not crispy. The flavor of the chicken was lackluster at best. The potato pave side dish was crunchy but not in a good way.This would have been OK if the service was good. But it wasn't. Our server barely checked in on us. My wife's drink sat empty until we finally put it on the outside of the table. We saw other tables that looked like they were having better meals, however our server that night was uninformative and never came to check on us. The only saving grace was that the chocolate souffle was amazing!We may give this location a second chance, but it will be a while, that's for sure.
2	We have been here numerous times, but this review will focus on their Aloha Hour (happy hour) menu. This was previously one of our favorite places for happy hour. Sadly, things have gone downhill. Food items and cocktails from their bar menu are only $5 each, but value for your dollar varies depending on what you get. This time we got two orders of kobe sliders with sweet potato fries, calamari, filet mignon skewers with kimchi, tempura crusted spicy ahi tuna roll, and a passion fruit / mango sangria. The sliders were nice and juicy, but we didn't really care for the switch to a pretzl bread bun. The fries were solid but had too little of the truffle oil essence that they used to have. The calamari was the exception and an improvement over past iterations. There was a copious amount of meaty calamari tossed with an Asian soy and macadamia nut vinaigrette. The calamari at the bottom of the bowl got a bit soggy though. The skewers/kimchi were mediocre and very forgettable. The ahi tuna roll had very little tuna and was mostly rice. In the past, I've enjoyed Roy's various cocktails, but the sangria was a complete miss. The cocktail appeared devoid of any of the advertised passion fruit / mango puree. The description also mentioned a bunch of fruit but I only got 2 blueberries and an orange slice garnish.To add insult to injury, service was inattentive despite the bar area being slow. Our water glasses sat completely empty for almost 10 minutes because our server was too busy chatting up the bartender. Eventually she came by to clear some our plates after which she still did not refill our water until we specifically asked her to.Mediocre food + mediocre service = unlikely to return anytime soon. It's really a shame because we used to really like this place.
5	Love love love!!! The food is amazing. We are kind of regulars at this place. With family previously working there we got to try all sorts of different food. Although the menu isnt huge, they still have a pretty good selection. We went here to celebrate my grandmas and my birthday. The server, a family friend. Was fantastic!!! She checked to see how everything was going througout our meal. It was not overwhelming nor not enough. We even had two complimentary appetizers. This location is more on the quiet side. Unlike in kona Hawaii it is very loud and notthe easiest to carry on a conversation.  Butterfish is great! The pear salad just the right mix. And our desserts, put together beautifully.
5	A hidden Summerlin gem.  Just go.
5	Very good. Left very happy & full. So good all plates where finished.
1	We went for Aloha (happy hour) and the specialty cocktails for $5 were great as well as the calamari but the sliders were awful and the sushi rolls had no flavor. The place was pretty dead and they are obviously just hanging on... very sad to see when Flemings right next door is jam packed.  Better food and some personality behind the bar would work wonders. We would only return for the calamari and there is better elsewhere.
1	Went to Roy's for Mothers Day.  Unfortunately the experience was subpar, let's start with the positives.  The edamame every table starts with was tasty, we also ordered the lobster pot stickers and they were excellent, perfectly crunchy but not overcooked and the sauce was great.For entrees we ordered the macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi which came overcooked and desperately needing seasoning.  I returned that dish and received a second attempt, which unfortunately was undercooked and still tasteless :(.  The second entree ordered were the short ribs.  These also came overcooked, chewy but had a slight flavor present...close but no cigar.  My two children had the shrimp sushi roll off the kids menu. Let's just say they were hungry when we returned home.  Bland, tasteless and just all around careless cooking.Lastly we ordered the chocolate souffle...this was the highlight of the entire meal, very delicious. I have been to Roys many times before with very satisfactory results, but it seems they have lost their passion and soul.   We will not be returning.
5	All I need to say is Short Ribs. We booked the restaurant for a wedding renewal (10 year anniversary) and boy did we have a great time. So good in fact I managed to talk the Chef into bringing the kitchen staff into the private dining room for a Gasser style Thank You. standing ovation. What did they do that was sooo great? They delivered a high quality meal by exceeding my expectations with the details: Our kids names in chocolate on dessert plates, each piece on the plate seemed cooked perfectly form veg to protein to sauces, set up a LCD on the fly, offered $25-100+ bottles of wine (Stages Leap), helped with photos and the services never let my glass run dry. Just outstanding. If you're considering Vegas for a private event this would be the best option in my opinion.
5	A regular 1000 pointer on Opentable we gave this a try thinking it was a chain so it wouldn't be that good.  We arrived and were greated with the nicest hostess ever.  WAfter being escorted to our table we were given a sampler of their appetizer specialty, lobster potstickers.  They also brought a special appetizer for our daughter including quesadilla, carrots, etc... she was in heaven.  First place I have been in in a long time that didn't make her feel like she was a third wheel or offer her only boring dishes.  The food was great, the service incredible and the desert fabulous.  Their fish is cooked to perfection and their choices are varied.  I wish the prices were a little cheaper but they do offer fixed price dinners for reasonable prices.  I would spread out the tables a bit more, we were close to our neighbors and overheard their whole conversation.  Still, a must go treasure in Summerlin.
4	My recommendation is Aloha hour, great cocktails for a reasonable price and pupu's (in this case a very small snack. The only thing about their pupu's almost everything is spicy. Crispy pork salad very good  The dinner choice I recommend is definitely the Miso fish, butterfish is a small boney fish in Hawaii, this is very well done. I took the shellfish combo and I knew I would regret it. I wanted to grab the Miso plate from my husband. The service was excellent from the hostess, bartender, busboys and servers, what a quality group of people. Hawaii Kai still my favorite but this is a great closer alternative.
5	I took my husband to Roy's in Summerlin on Father's day.  The food at this restaurant was excellent. It was tasty and appealed to every taste buds of your being.  Excellent food and excellent service.  It is somewhat pricey but worth if for a great occassion.
3	It pains me to have to give this place only 3 stars because the food at Roy's is usually of 5 star quality, but my last trip to this particular location wouldn't have been worthy of even 1 star.It's not a stretch to say we had the worst service I have ever encountered in any restaurant, anywhere.  Our waiter was, not to put too fine a point on it, an idiot.  And a dishonest one at that.  He didn't seem to know much about what was on the menu or what the specials were.  But 2 things really angered me: he kept pushing drinks on my mother - apparently after the 3rd "no thank you" at his drink recommendations he still hadn't gotten the message.  And here's where the dishonest part came in: he clearly forgot to put my order in for Roy's out-of-this-world chocolate souffle, as he was asking if we wanted the check before I had received it.  When reminded that I ordered it, he got a deer-in-the-headlights look on his face, and instead of admitting that he forgot to put the order in (which I would have been FAR more understanding of) he said it was "just about ready".  He then ran back to the kitchen, and must have asked one of the cooks to rush one out, because 10 minutes later I was presented with something that had the consistency of a hockey puck.  At that point we just wanted to get out of there - service was painfully slow throughout the meal, and we were beyond ready to leave.In all fairness I must say I had dined at the Charleston Blvd location a year earlier, and had outstanding service and delicious food, including the souffle that oozed sinfully warm and wonderful chocolate when cut into.  So this year's trip was probably a fluke, but until I return and get at least decent service, I'm giving this location 3 stars.
4	Went for HH. The staff was friendly. Nice atmosphere. The drinks were wonderful. The mahi tacos were good, but a little bland. The ahi roll was delicious though!
3	I've visited a few of the Roy's locations around the planet.  While this one is in no way exotic as some, it was very nice.Remember, when you make Open Table reservations through Yelp, you don't get the dining points.  At least I did not when making my reservation for this location.I broke one of my biggest dining rules when ordering here, and it cost me.  No excuse that I had been drinking at the pool for 6 hours prior to this meal.  Rule - never eat seafood unless you can see the ocean.  My scallops were burned on the outside and under-cooked on the inside.  Everything else about the meal, including orders of the rest of my party, was top notch as expected.So, lesson learned.  Find places via Yelp - Reserve via Open Table - And order something other than seafood in LV.Nuff said?
4	Pros: - Aloha Hour (happy hour) is 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm everyday, not just weekdays- Excellent service - Good foodCons:- Pricey- Cookie-cutter chain restaurant
4	Love this place :)Hubby & I ate here this past Saturday for our 10yr anniversary.  They personalized our menu with an anniversary wish.  We ordered their calamari appetizer, which was A-MAY-ZING!  It was marinated in some sort of soy-ginger marinade and drizzles with some sort of sauce.  for our entrees, hubby ordered the fish trio, which consisted of salmon, mahi mahi, & butterfish, each prepared differently from one another.  I had the shellfish sampler- (1) lobster tail, (2) prawns (1) crab cake, & (1) large scallop on top of a bed of risotto.  It was very yummy.  The downfall from each plate:  the portion of the fish trio was small for it to be priced at $34; the crab cake was nothing special.  I've tasted better ones at Yard House.  I would have given Roy's 5 stars, but my glass of wine was filled only a quarter of my glass & my Mai Tai was a bit too lime-y for my taste, and our chocolate souffle was over baked- the chocolate didn't ooze out when we broke into it.  Service was exceptional though :)We will definitely be returning.
5	Yeah! I'm here! Happy Hour daily. $5 special app and beer menu at bar, outside covered patio, and sushi counter only 4pm-6:00pm
5	Excellent food and service.
5	We had such a fabulous dinner at Roy's this past weekend.  Everything was terrific.  The lobster potstickers were a huge hit as were the rib appetizer.  The ono and salmon were fantastic and the toffee blondie dessert was so delicious we practically licked the bowl it came in.  Our waitress was beyond nice.  HUGE TREAT to go here.
5	Having lived in Vegas for just 6 months, we are still exploring the non-strip restaurants. This time we hit gold.A previous review said this was a cookie cutter chain. It maybe. I did not explore their corporate structure but it in no way feels like it. We went to the happy hour and did a couple of appetizers and the Hawaiian Martinis. Tip - if you check into Yelp while you are there you get a FREE Hawaiian Martini!On Monday's they feature a three course meal for $36.95. Appetizer, main course and desert. You can choose from almost any item on the menu to build your meal. If you are a calamari fan, DO NOT MISS the calamari appetizer. We all had Butter Fish as the main course and it was amazing. My favorite of the desserts was the pineapple upside down cake.Our server was Dan. We gave him the task of choosing what appetizers and desserts to bring. He was spot on. If I owned a restaurant, I would try and steal him away. He was very attentive and helpful.This is my new favorite restaurant.
4	Absolute favorite happy hour spot!!  The best food and drink specials around.  The service can be spotty, but only because they get so darned busy for this great happy hour.  I love this place overall.  I am a member of the wine club and used to frequent their wine tastings on Fridays.  Food is great, service in the restaurant is far better than most.
5	One of those spots... That hits the spot ! $$ is worth the bucks. You can't go wrong with the selections.
4	Love the Hawaiian fusion food there. Great atmosphere
5	This place is great! The service is excellent and the food is delicious. I stopped in for the happy hour I've heard such good things about... And everyone was right. I had the sliders which come with fries, the mini beef tacos, and creme brulee. And I ate it all. (Don't judge me.)I sat at the bar and I wish I had gotten my server's name because he should be recognized for providing such great service. You can tell everyone really enjoys their jobs here. I'll definitely be back.
5	Talk about the best steak ever. The cocktails are to die for and oh my goodness the desserts are orgasmic!
3	Get there at 4:30 for the happy hour...the menu is not as good as I thought.... Order a couple drinks and two dish from the happy hour menu and get another combo appetizer.....the food is just fine but the severs are great...I have been to the one in AZ...the food is better over there....wondering WHY? :(
5	Still awesome!!! Jennifer is great!
3	It was decent and fun to have this asian fusion of a menu.  I met here with old friend's from college. The server was great. The drinks delicious.  I got a yelp free welcome drink. That was a plus.The food was decent. But it wasn't high end enough or commercialized enough to get a 4 star.  If it was more commercialized and outlandish it would be a novelty type place. If it was chic-er it could be considered upscale.The food could have been good for either. But the ambiance for me made it a bit not either...Food: decentWaitstaff: goodAmbiance: confused....This is like a 3.5 for me...
5	Very attractive decor along with excellent food and service. A great place for a night out with friends and relies but also for an intimate dinner for two. The Asian chicken with noodles was especially good. Pity we live in England otherwise this would be a real favourite of ours! Highly recommended.
4	I really liked the atmosphere in the bar area and the dining area. I had no idea this was a chain restaurant and you couldn't tell by the menu. The calamari was the best I've ever had, in my life, and will always compare calamari to this. In fact I will probably never order calamari again unless it is at Roy's and I'm not joking. Our waiter, Danny, was great and very informative. I couldn't decide on what to order so he literally ordered everything for me from apps to dessert which I thought was a fun surprise each time he brought something to our table. The wine selection is great. We ordered a malbec which was top of the line. The Butter fish is highly recommended here, but wasn't what I expected. It was not bad at all, but I almost wish I would have tried something else on the menu. I would recommend this restaurant, my waiter Danny and their happy hour which is half off apps and 2-for-1 martinis. Yummy.
5	Rarely do I get the chance to post a five star review but everything was excellent at Roy's on Saturday night.  It was my girlfriend's mom's 82nd birthday and they could not have been more gracious or hospitable.It started with menus that were special for our table wishing her a Happy Birthday, waiters that catered and understood how 80+ year olds are and did everything they could to make us comfortable.The waiter even showed up with a camera, took a group shot of all of us at the table and then came back with the pic and a nice little frame as a memento of the night.  Plus they took those one page additions to our menu and rolled them all up and gave them to her.OH YEAH, and the food was great as well.  Presentation was excellent, hot and flavorful.Under the "you get what you pay for" column, Roy's delivers!
5	Having dinner at Roy's was an AMAZING experience and I would rate it at 4.5 stars. I was there with a large party (8 people) and a child. The service is amazing, with a very attentive wait staff. I was a little hesitant to eat here because I have a 1 year old daughter but they had a high chair all ready to go. Their "Keikei" (kids) menu was fabulous and it came with a chef's hat!! The chef even sent over an ice cream sundae for my daughter as a treat for being so good. How awesome is that?!I got a free martini for my yelp check-in and it was STRONG! The food is amazing!! I got the salmon and it was wonderful, some of the other items ordered by my group was the filet, the scallops, the mahi mahi, all were delicious. My husband order the calamari appetizer as an entree and the waiter asked him a few questions and he received an amazing custom calamari and noodle entree! The desserts were also great! We had the mango cobbler, which was sweet but not over powering and the nut tart was great too!The reason for the 4.5 stars is because in the bathroom they had these small square wicker-ish baskets as the trash cans, they didn't have lids or anything so you could see everything that was in them. I just thought it was really odd and a not what I expected from that caliber of a restaurant. Overall the whole experience was great and I would highly recommend Roy's to others and I can't wait to go back!
4	We ate here last Thursday and all I can say is the service was excellent.  Food is a little pricey but tastes good.  I ordered the Winter 3 course menu. I had the clam and mussels appetizer,  trout for main course and the chocolate souffle for dessert. My husband had the hangar steak special and  my daughter had the roy's trio of seafood.  My husband's only complaint is that it's a little salty for his taste.  Overall,  it was a good dinner. They gave us one free dessert and 3 pcs of dumplings.
4	Fantastic food, and relaxed and stylish atmosphere. Great service. Ever since I first ate food by Roy Yamaguchi I've been a fan. Excellent cocktails too. This is a great place for a special occasion.They have a dedicated gluten-free menu too, which even includes a flourless chocolate desert, which I've heard is amazing.
2	Don't waste your time.  The portions are tiny and the food is bland and overpriced.
5	Wow! This is an awesome seafood restaurant. The menu is limited yet the head chef likes to add and change featured flavored that are not on the menu. For example, the waiter told us we had 3 more options that the chef was cooking that evening that were Not on the menu. Most of their food is wild caught so if you are pregnant the menu has only a few options for you to enjoy. The restaurant is small and intimate. The kitchen is an open style so you can view the chefs at work. If you go you must try the calamari!... It's the best ever!
5	Awesome place!!!  We had our Dinner Rehearsal here!!   I have to say the staff that handled or served us were amazing.  Our party (50 at least)..yep big group were satisfied. We had the custom dinner menu  .For our appetizer , we had the Family Style Canoe (Lobster Potstickers, Tempura Crusted Ahi Sushi Roll, Szechuan Spiced Baby Back Ribs, Blackened Island Ahi)..all I can say is they were so good..the one that stood out for me was the Szechuan Spiced Baby Back Ribs...they were damn tasty!!!   For salad we had the one that's called Sweet Home Waimanalo Salad Dean Okimoto's Creamy Herb Dressing....that creamy herb dressing was the BOMB.  For our main entree..each guest had a choice of  Hibachi Grilled Salmon with Japanese Citrus Ponzu ;Tender Braised Beef Short Ribs with Mashed Potatoes, Broccolini in Garlic Butter ; Pan Roasted Chicken Breast  with Herb & Garlic Chicken Jus....and there's another one...I forgot what it was...I chose the Pan Roasted Chicken..the chicken was moist and tender...the other dish looked good too!!!  The Hibachi Grilled Salmon that my son chose was excellent (I should have picked that) ..As for the dessert, it was a dessert sampler plate...very small but very good =)I felt that the main highlight of our dinner was Roy's Restaurant Staff...they all made us feel Special =)
4	I seem to have perpetual Roy's amnesia.  I go, I love it, but then forget that it's a GREAT restaurant.  Then, I get some coupon in the mail, go back, and say "F*&^, why don't I come here more often?"I NEED to come here more often because: Butterfish.OMG, they do a great butterfish.  They also do a great blackened ahi.  Actually, in general, they do great fish.  It's always perfectly prepared and fresh tasting.  Much love to the Roy's chefs on that.I generally stick to the fish but I have had the chocolate souffle.  The souffle is a lick-your-plate-clean kind of dish.  Warm, dark chocolate souffle topped with raspberry sauce and vanilla ice cream.  What's not to like?Service is generally fast and friendly and they give you free edamame. Yeah, it's a chain, but for what they do, they do it well.  P.S. - As of this date, free Hawaiian Martini with Yelp check-in.
4	A delicious ALOHA hour experience. Review is of bar-seating and happy hour only.Roy's is a chain, but this a chain I can get behind. Food is creative, yet sensible. Selections on the HH menu seem to be well thought-out and executed. I would not mind one bit returning to Roy's for another HH session, nor would I mind returning for a full out meal.My friend and I dined on a Tuesday afternoon around 5 PM. We sat ourselves at the bar, which was empty, but became full as we passed out time there. Our bartender was congenial and happy with us, except toward the end when he realized I would only be having one cocktail during my time there.Ordered:Mahi Mahi Fish Tacos ($6) - A decent little presentation of hard-shelled tacos filled to the brim with Mahi Mahi. I did like the tacos, but wish the fish had been more prevalent. There was quite a bit of some kind of sauce in there that I could have done without and just had the fish. It was still good.Ahi Roll ($6) - A very nice roll presented on a plate of sauce with wasabi and ginger. Soy sauce and chopsticks were provided. The roll was good enough for me, but I have had better at restaurants that specialize in sushi alone. But do not take that as the roll being disappointing and bad, as it was good and met my expectations.Wagyu Sliders & Sweet Potato Fries ($) - I shared this with my friend. The slider was delicious. Very juicy and the meat was so incredibly tender. It comes on a pretzel type bread which is presented with great care. The fries were very yummy and a delicious alternative to plain-ol French fries.Texas Blackberry Lemondrop - Off of their specialty cocktail menu this drink was recommended to me by the bartender. It is a beautiful magenta color served in a martini glass with a mint leaf on top. The drink is very refreshing without a harsh alcohol flavor. I doubt it will get you anywhere near being drunk, but it's still a nice concoction.Overall: Food, while good was not perfect. However, it is definitely high ranking. The bartender's service was also pleasant and I believe my friend and I had a nice time here. The lighting is a bit dim, but once you're inside for a bit you do adjust. I want to go back to try a full-out meal (and definitely try their butterfish I hear so much about!)
2	I have been here numerous times. This last time I went, the service and food were bad. Maybe that's because they have a new manager. I will try it again with hopes that things have improved...
