4	This is the dive bar that connects Phoenix and Scottsdale. Why do we love it so? Well, of course, .50 Taco Night (Thursday)! What else do you need? Some draft beer, a few good friends, kick ass conversation and some damn good tacos .Oh yeah, J.T is a Sooner!Boomer Sooner! Go OU!
4	The square footage of this place is about the same as my credit score. But I am not opposed to a cozy, dive bar on the Phoenix/Scottsdale border. This place actually reminded me of bars in San Fran the way it is long and narrow. This place had a good vibe and crowd (ages ranging from early 20's to mid 50's). The grilled wings were pretty delicious and the drinks were definitely reasonable. My tab was around $50 after 2 dozen wings, 3 draft beers, 2 chick drinks, and a pair of Jameson shots. The owner of the joint (and I know he was the owner because he was helping himself to drinks behind the bar) walks around and glad-hands the regulars while swapping tales of past and soon-to-be glories of Sooner football.I have never even set foot in the great state of Oklahoma but after a few drinks at this bar, it will have you whooping "Boomer Sooner" with the rest of the regulars. Whatever-the-fuck that means.
4	I've been going here at least twice a month for the past six/seven years.  JT is a hoot.  They have the best wings in the Valley.  Great jukebox.  The new cafe tables are nice, but hard when you have a big group.Love this place.
5	JT, JT, JT....OMG...the wings will make you take flight. They are the most delicious little mouth delights. Serious ..dude should have a solid gold chicken wing out front. They are grilled to perfection, the degree of heat or flavor is right everytime. The bar is fun, fun, fun! The regulars may look you over a time or two..but hey I'm good lookin so I don't mind. lol. The tacos rock out Thursday night.  The only problem with JT's is, he's not open on Sunday for football..and that pisses me off every time I remember on hangover Sunday, that I forgot to get them on Saturday. Damnit, I hate that I have to go there twice a week.  Cuz he is open for Monday night football..oh ya.....screw  it..I'm going right now...c ya...
5	Hands down best bar in the nation. I go here a few times a week. The food is amazing and the bartenders and waitress are friendly and gorgeous. Even if it's packed the waitress is always right there with a smile. I recommend the wings and taco thursdays! it's a great place to go to watch the game. go sooners!
4	So my good friend, the pilot calls and says, "Kimberly, can your yuppy ass hang at a dive bar?" and Im like, " Bring all the dive you got baby...", of course, hes about as preppie as they come... and we end up at JT's... OSU banners adorn the place... its long and narrow.. and we got the once or twice over as we walked in... the bar tender, Rebecca was sweet and informative... The place is simple... and cheap... and packed... The wings seemed to be the thing... and Im wishing I had a taste for them... just never have been a fan. But they looked good... My friend had a burger... it was piled high with mushrooms.. I had a grilled chicken sandwiche...basic, but I needed food if I was drinking with a pilot, after all... 2 Guiness, 4 Harp, 2 shots and 2 burgers... and the bill was about $45, thats a pretty good thing...
5	Best wings ever!!!! There is no place that can stand near this place for wings.
4	I'm a fan of J.T.'s.  Reasonable drinks and REALLY good wings.  It's small, so it can get pretty crowded, but the people are friendly, service is good, too.  J.T. 's is a great neighborhood bar, nearly free of any douchebaggery.
4	This is first and foremost a neighborhood DIVE BAR. However, it is a dive bar with old school charm, style, and personality. The food here is shockingly good. The wings I ordered were fantastic - they grill them AFTER they apply the hot sauce to impart a less slimy texture. I sat at the bar and watched burger after delicious burger roll off the grill - I will be trying one of those on my next visit. Downside: it was warm, and the bathroom needs serious help! Note: It gets really packed around dinner time and the service can be slow - so take a deep breath, relax, and they will get to you in good time... I really enjoyed the change of pace.
4	Great wings...cool place to chill
4	The epitome of dive bar!!!  I have never been here and not had a good time!  The bartenders are awesome, the drinks are strong, the food is delicious and you'll end your night with a shockingly cheap tab!
3	Service sucks bad on the weekend. Mainly because the weekend waitresses are unfriendly and incompetent. Amazing wings. I would suggest going just for them but during the week when the blonde waitress works who is very friendly and highly competent.
5	Wow!  This place is so tiny, but yet they are able to cram every important part of a bar into this little space.  #1 - Awesome bartender!  We went on a Saturday and Posey (not sure of the spelling) was serving us.  She joked around with us immediately and gave crap to some of the regulars, which was HYSterical!  We never waited for a drink.#2 - Wings Wings Wings!  They were incredible.  They deep fry the FRESH chicken wings, then turn them in the sauce (many different flavors to choose from including suicide, a little mix of all) and then throw them on the grill.  I ordered the hot wings and they were both temperature hot and spicy hot - just perfect.  #3 - Small but still there smoking patio.  #4 - Satellite TV and football games on multiple TV'sCan't get much better than this.  This was our first time in and the regulars welcomed us as if we had been coming there for 10 years!  We will definitely be back.  The wings are just too awesome not to have again.
4	Okay, the only reason I went here was because when I searched Yelp for wings they were the closest  place. Once I saw that everyone said they had good wings I had to try them. Plus I was craving for wings, and Honey Bears (which is way closer) only sells wings on Mondays. For some reason on Mondays I never want wings. So anyway, I placed my order over the phone, and when I got there they already boxed up and ready.  The picture made me think the wings were bigger. They looked so little in the big togo box, which could have been half the size to fit 12. The order of a dozen cost $7.50. I thought that was a good price thinking the wings were way bigger. So I was disappointed for about 30 seconds till I had my first bite. The wings were DELISH!!! It was worth every penny.This place a small bar with very little walking space. I can only imagine if I came during happy hour or when a big game was on. I would give them 3.5 stars, but the wings really help. If nothing else come for the wings. They are Awesome!
3	While I was totally blown away by how perfectly crispy, spicy, fresh and amazing their wings were, it's one of those places where if you're not a regular they all sort of look at you like you don't belong, which is sort of off putting. It's tiny, it's not a good place if you really want to sit down and eat and it kinda sucks having to work your way through the crowds to order food and, again, I feel like if they don't know you they don't pay as much attention to you.  Like, when you walk in they all look at you like maybe you have AIDS (and maybe you do man but so what).I've only been here once so maybe it's odd to write a review BUT man, the wings, seriously, top notch some of the best I've had in the valley.  Great flavor, cooked really god damn well and served perfectly crispy.  I would come back strictly for the wings despite my overall discomfort there.  But then, I'm on anti-anxiety meds and hate crowds so I'm probably mostly just retarded.
4	The beer bottles on ice and great chicken wings make you feel like you're at an awesome tailgate party, all the way down to the port-a-potty bathrooms. If you're not too prim and proper, and you like to have a good time, JT's is the place. It's got a very regular Baja Arcadia crowd but is friendly to newcomers also. Put a couple of bucks in the jukebox and play Johnny Cash, kick back, and let the hours waste away.
5	All I really need to say is GRILLED WINGS.... but I shall say more in detail. They have the BEST wings in town! They fry the wings, but also grill them. All the staff is VERY nice and friendly. If you go more then a few times, they will know you and know what you will be ordering! Every time I have gone to JT''s it has been busy, so that say's something about the place. So if your mouth is watering and craving wings, JT's is your spot!
5	I was introduced to this bar by an old landlord in arcadia. at the time i was not a buffalo wings kinda guy but that has all changed. this place has set the bar for wings in phx for me. fried, sauced and then grilled. weeknight special $5 for a dozen wings. Bad part: not open on football sundays.
5	Best dive bar. Ever.  Go see Beth and order yourself a "Clint Black." You can thank me later.
5	In order to appreciate this bar, you have to "get it." What is "getting it," you ask? It's the realization that sometimes the best things in life are pretty simple: cold beer, good food, and good friends in a slightly off kilter atmosphere. You don't have a sense of entitlement, and you don't expect the bullshit facade available just a few miles down the road in Scottsdale. Things aren't "weird," just different, and you have a sense of humor. If you "get it" this bar is for you.  It's a dive, a little dingy, and the bathrooms need to go to rehab. They're almost always out of something, and there's usually some regular who won't stop talking your ear off. JT will gladly tell you to go fuck yourself, and if its busy your food might take forever because the kitchen's too small for demand. But it's an enjoyable rarity in this time of corporate standardization: a true original neighborhood bar where the bartenders know everyone and (as long as you "get it") you'll be welcomed like a regular on your first visit. Come relax at the best neighborhood/dive bar in town.
5	I love JT's. The food is outstanding. The wings  are uber alles. That guy Omar hates your guts. He hates my guts too. He hates everyone's guts. It's part of the charm.Go there, but don't take my fucking seat. I'm hungry.
5	Best tucked away spot in Arcadia. I go there for the friendly bartenders, cool crowd and best wings in PHX. You need to order "The Works" wings (secret menu) Julio is the cook and he does a great job! You will find JT sitting at the bar usualyy drinking with the patrons. There's a juke box and great daily specials such as: 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays. A can't miss spot.
5	The wings are absolutely amazing. They made me feel like carnivore. Yum! Tacos are also very good. People are nice and friendly. Service is on point. So far I'm in love.
4	A true dive bar that makes you feel comfortable. As a traveler for work, sitting in the hotel room on a Friday night was just not going to work.  So I fire up my trusty yelp app. and off I go. JTs was not hard to find and even less hard to enjoy.The place is small. Barely large enough to walk past the stools.  The bar is clean and dark. The decor is very reminiscent of underground grunge clubs.  The bartenders were very nice and easy on the eyes. They were accommodating and never made you feel like you were bothering them.I had two blue moons and two margaritas and the works hot wings. The wings were excellent though by the time they got to me the two blur moons had inhibited my ability to properly taste food. Anyway, the wings were crunchy and lightly sweet with a hint of whatever sauce they used.  They were not smothered so the taste was well balanced.  Granted this is not one of those places you go for margaritas butIt is my favorite drink so I had to try.  The margaritas did not impress but I never expected them to.I had some conversation with random people while waiting to sober up. The bar tender did not rush me and let me take my time before I was well enough to drive.  Don't drink and drive kids!By the way, thanks to two female patrons at the bar for their interesting perspective on mixed martial arts.  I won't mention it here so people can go to the bar and have the interesting conversation themselves.Definitely if I was a resident of Phoenix I would come here frequently.  I love local places like this.
5	Congratulations to JT's for being voted Best Neighborhood Bar Food by Phx New Times!. I'm a devoted regular at JT's and I love going there. They weren't when I started going, but the bartenders, their sig' o's, and many of the other regulars are now friends of mine. The wings are EPIC! I get the Hot wings, but sometimes I'll go Teryaki Hot and have them double dipped. Messy as hell, but so delicious. The steaks on Wednesday are always great, and Julio keeps mine nice and rare. Perfect. It's a great place to chew the fat with a friend. You can also just walk in by yourself and spark up a conversation with just about anyone there. Be careful with JT though. He is a man of few words, and if you annoy him, he'll likely say 'Fuck you, go home'. (The phrase is actually on the menu, FUGH, somewhere near 'DUH'. Anyway, just food, just booze, or both...you'll have a great time. And the bartenders are definitely easy on the eyes...just don't be creepy or they might knock you out.
5	Best bar in Arcadia.Best wings I have ever tasted.Worst bathrooms in the Valley.Arcadia, I miss you.
4	JT's effin rocks.  All the food is very good, great tasting bar food at it's best but the thing you have to get is the wings.  These are the best wings in town, bar none!  They are flavorful and addictive!
4	Their wings were so good! I don't think I'll get wings any other place. It's a nice dive bar and the staff is great. Its small and narrow, which gives you a chance to be friendly.
4	Were the wings the best I've ever had? Probably. I love the divey feel of the place too. Definitely my kind of bar. The only thing that bumped it down was how warm my beer was. I know that's a bit picky, but I expect my beer to be cold dammit!
3	This review is for drinks only! I went here last night with a party of 8 people for a birthday party. The place is cute and supposedly has awesome food...but their kitchen was closed! Lame! Anyway, we all had birthday cake shots and I know everyone really liked them....but I thought they tasted a bit like cough syrup. I do really want to try this place again, especially for the food, but for the shots alone, I would say it's just ok.
1	Im very confused about all these good reviews.Last night my girlfriend brought me to Jt's, her boss said the wings were great. So I figured I'll try it.When we get there, the lot is filled, I figured this is a good sign. But that where the optimism ended.We had to sit near the back, the smell and temperature were almost unbearable, but I figured I wanted to try the food. My girlfriend ordered wings, she wanted ranch, I only eat wings with Blue Cheese, then I get a burger and onion rings... And a coke. After a long wait, the server brought us our drinks, in a red solo cup, and my coke was not coke, but RC Cola... So far, its not going well. The waitress comes back a little later to let us know, there's no more onion rings.After a long wait, we finally get the wings, as she sets them down, thats when she lets me know there's no more blue cheese. If I was by myself, I would have left at that point, I was also hungry. My burger came, it was one of those pre made paddies you get at cosco, I lifted the bun and the whole patty fell apart. The cheese was some sort of burned shredded cheese. I counted the 'fries' I received with he burger, I counted 12 small pathetic fries. These wings everyone talks about were burnt and dry, this confuses me the most. I mentioned to my girlfriend that I don't think her boss likes her, people must send patrons there when they dislike them. With all the places in the valley to get really good wings, good service and other good dishes, I put this mystery of why people rave about this place up there with the mystery of the pyramids... Ugh, I still cant get the image of that sorry burger out of my mind!
5	Delectable and crispy wings, just on the good side of too salty. Try not to be put off by "chicken feet" on the menu; they aren't feet but rather... the most delicious and moist chicken tenders EVER (one-upped with homemade ranch dressing). We walked in just looking for a chill spot to watch some Olympiad action and were so pleasantly surprised. Friendly, divey, delicious. Loved it.
4	Tried out the infamous Taco Thursday and the results were pretty good. The tacos which were served in hard shells were only 50 cents each with ground beef, lettuce, tomatoes and what tasted like salsa out of jar  Nothing gourmet, but if your craving tacos this could be the place - at least once every three months or so. The tacos are normally $6.50 for four and unless they are entirely different looking than on Thursday that is not a good deal. Extra crispy mozzarella sticks at about $6 were good too as the sticks had a bread crumby coating that translated well to the deep friend cheese.
4	Awwww JT's  a favorite for years.  The food cooked by Julio is wonderful.  The wings are the best in town.  They are fried then tossed in mild, honey, fire or a few other sauces and then fried again.  They are they best wings.  I saw that others posted that they seem smaller but, that could be because you are getting a wing that is really crispy.  They aren't cooked a bit then drenched in a sauce then put on a plate. Yuk!  They are given a quick drench in the frier and crispy.  Bravo Julio.  The waitress' are wonderful.  Be careful because as "Ron White" say, "I have been over served".  They have cabs waiting and I since I drive by in the mornings I have to laugh but feel relieved that there are cars in the parking lot and the "over served" took a cab.  On Saturday's they have the best Prime Rib in town and for under $17.  you get the Prime Rib, salad and a baked potato.  I also love the tacos special.  I thought it was taco Tuesday but maybe it's Taco Thursday.  Great special.  Now I must say that it's a old neighborhood bar in a old little strip mall.  Growing up down the road since the 60's I saw how the bar used to be.  It was where the men and "drunks" would go to drink.  I always say that it was my friends and I that changed the place.  My husband would go there with some friends and slowly slowly I would go.  I would be dressed up and feel very out of place.  Eventually about three years later I saw the change that I fell we instigated in about 2005.  It is now a tavern that you can take your girl to, if they are open to a "tavern".  I will warn you that because it is in a little strip joint they can have some plumbing issues and sometimes you may get a septic fume.  I just say "oh well that's JT's".  The people, service, drinks and cost are worth it.  I like the low lights and the mini Christmas lights strung and all the old memorabilia and hundreds of patron photos on the wall.  It will always be a bar where I know I can go in, sit at the bar and start up a conversation and have a great time.  Oh and they have lots of tv's.
5	BEST WINGS EVER!!!!  Service is slow but it's worth it!  Burgers are good too but the wings are outstanding!
2	Wings were OK. Liked the Yella Pilsner draft special. Decent dive bar. Real good ranch!
2	On 2nd thought, the people who drink at this place just keep drinking and never leave. That leads to obnoxious drunks with grey hair on their head feeling empowered by a few cocktails. This place isn't a dive bar, it's a wasteland for aholes in that "ritzy" area to act like idiots. My verbal exchange with one of the patrons last night was quite impressive. People in this part of Phoenix are punks and your bars are small and overcrowded. Also, it would be advisable not to give drunken or any customers control of the bar remote control. This could lead to alot more verbal spats.
5	Great tasting food at great price. Drinks are ok.  How can one mess up a fun and tonic?
4	Great little dive bar. Strong, cheap drinks and the best wings in town :)
4	FIRST - make NO MISTAKE - this is a dive bar.  But as a purist - the wings are fantastic.  The Works are the best - fried, tossed then grilled - just outstanding.  Only tried that & the medium but both were incredible.  Fries were usual frozen non-player.  Nice beer selection - waitstaff is friendly, once they get around to you.  This place is REALLY small and still smells like a 70's smoking lounge.Only complaint - 2 of my wings were so small, they would make an Ethiopian rancher blush - nothing there but seasoning & bone.Overall taste was a 5 but experience knocked one off.
5	I got friends in low placesAt JT's Bar where the whiskey are downedAnd beer chances my blues awayAnd I'll be okayWell, I'm not big on chicken wingsThink I'll give them a try with hot sauceOh I got friends At JT's Bar & Grill!(Lyrics - Garth Brooks - Low Places)I can't say I'm a regular here, but this is definitely my dive.  The place reminds me of home back in Iowa.  Low, dark, and dink with some crazy-#$% flares hanging around, and I'm not talking about the stuff on the walls - wink!  I've been here enough and it's weird to say I've never really ate here until I saw it was 2012 Best of Phoenix Bar Food! Shawa!?  Sweet and awesome article so my friends I gotta try.  I ordered their wings after watching how the cook made them.  Fried tossed in sauce and then grilled.  Never saw it done like so, but I'm not a fan of soggy wings.  I always order on the side, but the bartender convinced me to go with "the works", and keep it as is.  I'm not a sucker for pretty bartenders, but how can I say no.....ooooh shucks sure!  I did not regret the decision - no foo, not the "Lebron Decision", I'm talking about the wings!  Okay let's stay focused.  The wings came with a perfect texture of crispiness with a jolt of sweet and spicy sauce.  Bam!  Best damn sauced wings I had!  Thanks for the recommendation!  I ordered a side of fries to keep that spicy to balance the spice.  Along with your food you must order a few drinks here.  Not the largest selection in town, but if you need that go to the Yard House ya hippy!  My AA (Affordable Alcohol) group would love it here.  In my opinion the drinks are pretty cheap considered the prices of most places these days.  Overall, great bar to lay low if that's how you feel for the night.  It's right in the heart of the Arcadia neighborhood and it's not as rough as it looks from the outside.  I'm from Iowa and I've seen some rough bars and this place looks the spot, but once you start meeting the people around having a drink.  You'll feel just at home - a Midwest home that is....- Enjoy!
5	Jt's is a fantastic neighborhood bar. Full disclosure: I'm a regular there. This is not a fine dining establishment, but the wings are the best in town, and the rest of the nightly specials are definitely worth trying. Go in and check it out, but leave your attitude outside..we are all friends at Jt's and you will be welcomed by all. Oh, and the drinks are strong and the bartenders are awesome. Tip: don't order a frozen drink. It's not the place for it, and I don't think there is even a blender anyway. Try Applebee's instead.
5	My favorite local bar, hands down, for the past going on 15 years now. JT's is the diary I don't keep (for good reason). I can always go in and pour my heart out to one of the girls while they pour me a Jack and Coke. Best chicken wings on the planet too. And John Taylor's like family to me. Make sure you pop in when Beth is behind the counter. She's a doll and a good listener! I don't have enough love in my heart for this fine establishment.Oh yeah, and if you can't deal with true dive bar bathrooms, do not go here! Just part of the John Taylor charm, if you ask me!
5	Best down home, home grown dive bar ever.. The beer is ICE COLD and the wings are THE BEST in this town....Jenny is a fantastic bartender and makes you feel like family from the minute you walk in until you crawl out the door!
3	total dive, very small but fun and they have great wings!
4	I really liked this hole-in-the-wall.  Yes the grille wings rock!!
4	"Tongue in Cheek" review to follow. What a dive bar but oh so much fun. I loved the bar tender. "Aloha"  Barender Gal moving to Hawaii. ( take me with you) You put up with two loud birthday gals and a large bunch of drunk woman walking into your very small, neighborhood bar at midnight. Every head turned when we walked in. It is a pretty small place. teehee! (Just an FYI, not all of us were drunk, but maybe we were, Hmmmmmmmmm??? Insert pinkie to the side of the mouth style) Just kidding. We had a blast and the place is such a typical neighborhood Divey Bar. Check it out. Not sure the prices since the man next to us was buying all the drinks and I was the DD.
3	Classic dive bar in the east coast sense of the term.  Not many left in the world.  If you like wings than you have to stop by at least for a taste and the rest of the standard bar food is rotated as daily specials and are very generous and filling (especially steak night!).  Lots of regulars who appear to be very welcoming and deferential to newcomers (i.e., giving up bar stools or tables when needed).  Always say Hi to Julio at the grill - he's been there as bartenders have come and gone; then there's always JT himself (DUH!)
5	First, don't be alarmed by the cramped space, dingy surroudings and Arcadia townie vibe. It's a a great dive bar with fabulous wings. The burgers are great, too, along with other daily specials. It can be a little Arcadia 'clique-y' and you won't get much sports watching here given the tight space. It is a good place for Oklahoma football games, though, despite the cramped quarters. It's our mainstay for food, drinks and friendly people.
4	Spent some time here waiting for my knives to be sharpened next door. The beer was cold, the (famous) wings looked and smelled amazing and the bartender was super personable. There were a few TVs tuned to the sports. It has an odd little patio outside with a couple of tables, but multiple signs telling you not to bring your drinks outside. It is definitely a locals hang-out with the guy sitting next to me at the bar trying to remember the name of an Arcadia nightclub from 1990 which "used to be great until it turned a bit knifey" The bartender and the local struggled with the name. I was of no help. I Googled "knifey Arcadia nightclub" without success. I left before they could get it, so I don't know if they ever figured it out. If, by chance you do know the answer, please stop in here and tell them - they are probably still trying to remember.
5	Being originally from Buffalo area, I'd have to say that I'm extremely happy to have found this bar.  The wings here bring me back to the delicious wings that I'm used to! They deep fry em, sauce em, grill em & then sauce em again (2nd saucing upon request) ... I highly recommend trying out "the works" .. They mix all of the sauces together (except for the really spicy ones) - Just DeLiSh!!! Service is always on point and extremely friendly. The only negative to this place is that it took me over 3 years to find it!! My TOP recommendation for tasty wings in the valley.
4	Local hidden gem. I snapped some pics to share with my OU friends and they were definitely happy. Small place but packed on a weeknight. Two tv's to watch whatever's on.  No frills service. Good bar food. I'll admit I didn't find the wings to match their hype here, but I'd order them again if/when I come back. They have daily specials for you to save a few bucks.
5	The best bar in the world.... The best wings in the world. JT is awesome....
5	Jt's Bar & Grill is exactly what I have been looking for in the Valley! Neighborhood dive bar where everyone seemed to know each other, insanely friendly service (shout out to Kerri!) and killer bar food and chicken wings of epic proportions! I am a chicken wing connoisseur, and frankly Jt's may have the best chicken wings I have EVER had! They deep fry those baby's, sauce em and throw them on the grill. They have several choices of sauces the best was the works which featured all of their sauces mixed together minus their suicide sauce which produced a delicious and not too spicy wing! I like my wings ultra spicy so I ordered a side of the Suicide sauce, which I personally loved - definitely spicy but not so that your mouth is on fire. Their wings will set you back $7.50 for a dozen ( Which makes me love this place more!). They have a pretty large beer selection on tap and every liquor you would want! This place is def going to be apart of my repertoire and it should be for you too!
5	The BOMB, arguably the best wings in Phoenix. Jana and Julio have it on lock down.The place is tiny but the food is BOSS. Worth the drive from anywhere in town.
1	Uuugh!!!! What a rip off. I came in from out of town and hung out with my buddy Joe. He highly recommended JT's because of their awesome wings and tiny tacos. What he didn't know was that most of the positive reviews of this place on Yelp are ancient reviews from when Julio was still working there. This place had the kiss of death and was taken over by cheap, shady owners. The new owners want to cut cost but still cash in on the positive word of mouth about the food. They also raised the prices. So in essence, the new owners are producing a cr@p product and charging us more money! To add insult to injury they shorted us 2 chicken wings. Talk about trifflin'!! If they're shorting people wings, I'd hate to know what they're doing to their drinks. When we got them they were cold all the way down to the bones and stale like they had been made as a mistake earlier in the day, boxed up and given to us (short 2 wings!!!). The tacos were bland like they just cooked some ground beef without seasoning and threw it in the shell. I added the salsa to try to add some flavor to it but it didn't cut it. I'm sure MY taco has more flavor than this one did. Most of the wings and tacos are still in the fridge and will inevitably meet their fate at the bottom of the garbage can. In conclusion, if you want over priced, piece of cr@p wings that don't taste half as good as frozen ones and tacos that taste better when they come out of you than going in, go to JTs so they can pi$$ on you face and tell you it's raining!*Additionally, don't believe the review underneath mines. I'm almost 100% positive it was done by someone who works for them or has some sort of affiliation with this place. It's written like an advertisement. The wings look NOTHING like they do in that picture. This review would be VASTLY different if they did. Our wings were all limp and flaccid when they showed up to film. Nice try you guys. You make me sick.
2	Excellent Neighborhood ShitHole ! Consistently inconsistent, seldom open and catering to EVERY demographic in the PHX. Can't wait to pass on this place for years to come ! Owner must be proud. Cheers & good luck
4	Really enjoyed this place. Has a fun, welcoming atmosphere. Reminds me of some Boston bars, especially Daisy Buchanan's. We had the 2 for 1 cheeseburger special. Very tasty. Served with lots of nice, salty, hot fries. Anything better? I think not. Bar was crowded but the 1 server did a masterful job of getting drinks and food out for all the customers. We were the oldest by far, but no one treated us like "olds". Would absolutely go back.
5	Brilliant little bar. Really friendly staff, and the food was fantastic. The wings are incredible. A must visit! I'll  be back for sure!
5	This place has a really great laid back vibe to it. I've had lots of wings in my life from lots of different places and hands down this place has the best wings on the planet. If you like wings, you need to come here. Really cool/friendly staff too.
5	Wings on wings on wings. If you come here they are a must and while your at it get a beer from one of the local breweries they have on draft... Take a cab, they'll call one for you.
5	Great hot wings, tasty cheeseburgers, and awesome bartenders. New TV's to watch football all day. Definitely worth the drive here if it is out of your way just for their famous wings. Will not be disappointed. Small bars with character does not not get any better. Someone you meet in this first 30 minutes will most likely buy you a shot or beer. It's that kind of friendly vibe.
4	Dive bar heaven! Loved this little gem. Their is a jukebox so you can play your own tunes. The drinks are cheap. The patrons are hilarious. The vibe is awesome and reminds me of little beer joints back east. Go. Drink. Be merry!
5	Best wing's (the works!!) and sports bar atmosphere ever! The best music is always playing!
3	They messed up one of our 3 to-go orders, but they didn't charge us for any add-ons like upgrading to onion rings. Burger was good! Not life changing, but a solid effort, especially for being a to-go order.
