4	This is my favorite place to go for more authentic Mexican food.  Azteca has a huge menu and they serve you huge portions.  This place is large so you rarely have to wait to be seated, even on the weekends.  Everything I've eaten here is fantastic, and I have never been able to eat all the food that I'm served.  The best part is that they serve you free sopapillas (tortilla chips with whipped cream, cinammon, and strawberry sauce) with your check.
4	Holy mole!  This is some good Mexican food!  Probably not the most authentic in the world but still mighty tasty.  I've never eaten anything bad here and for a while, my bf and I were on an every weekend Azteca cycle.  I love fresh guacamole and they actually have a woman who comes by your table with all the ingredients on a cart who makes it right there in front of you.  You can even pick what ingredients you want more or less of.....light onions, extra tomatoes for me please!   We told our friends who have lived here for a while that we went to eat there and they had one word for it, "Epic!"  It may not be THAT good, but for queso dip, tacos, and fajitas it's an excellent.  Full bar, margaritas, and a decent beer selection.  An added bonus: the refried beans are actually slightly spicy and tasty, not brown mush out of a can.
4	The arroz con pollo is killer!  Get there early at lunch!  The lines can be atrocious.  Tasty margaritas are worth trying as well!  The service is always warm and friendly.  Come hungry....there's a lot of food on them there plates!
4	Another Mexican restaurant that doesn't look like anything spectacular from the outside, but the inside doesn't disappoint. I'm starting to think the trend is that the worse looking the outside facade, the better the food & prices are. This Azteca may not have the best Mexican food, but it's pretty good, especially for the price.Nothing really stands out to me about any of the lunch plates I've gotten, but I just know I leave very full. The place is a tad bit on the smaller side, with some odd booth arrangements, so expect a wait if you go during the lunch hustle & bustle. It can also be a pain getting in & out of the parking lot but it's well worth it.Azteca is a lot more popular than you'd think from 1st look, but there's a reason people keep going back & waiting for tables during lunch. You'll leave full without hitting the wallet too hard.
4	The first impression was a good one.  The host led us to our table and I couldn't help but notice the murals of Aztec leaders and ancient designs painted on the walls.  The dining area has a warm and inviting feel.  Festive music can be heard but not too loud.  After being greeted by a waiter in traditional garb they immediately brought us their house chips which are light and crispy and they'll bring as many as you can eat.  The salsa is watery, chunky, lacks any kick and I didn't find the pico de gallo appetizing either.  But the guacamole is made fresh table-side by a charming woman who doesn't speak much but smiles a lot.  You get to choose how spicy and whether you want onions, cilantro, lime, or all of the above.  She then muddles it in a stone serving dish and lets you taste-test it before she sets it on your table and moves on.The ground beef tacos are too greasy.  But the flank steak in the Tacos al Carbon is sublime compared to the other items I've tried so far.  The menu is huge so there are still plenty of items to try on return visits.  For the value and down home atmosphere it's a great alternative to the other high (snooty) and low (scary) Mexican restaurants around town.
4	Seriously some damn good food here.  The place looks like a total crapfest from the outside, especially being right there at a hotel in a dubious neighborhood, but trust me, once you go in the weird doors (the entrance always seems like it's in a transitional state of construction) you'll feel like you just discovered a hidden gem!The not-so-good: If you're not with a large group, I recommend asking for a booth, because they tend to crowd the tables a little close.  Sometimes it feels like they're pushing you to join another party the way the tables get too close.  And then there's the waiters... I've gone here dozens of times, and at least 75% of the time I've had a weird waiter ogle me.  Even when I've gone with my father! They can be kinda shameless. Wear a turtleneck if it'll bother you that much.And then there's the good.. which far outweighs the negatives: Their food is freakin' amazing, and plentiful!  Expect to get a big basket of warm chips & salsas as soon as you sit down.. They'll keep filling that up as soon as it empties, but save room for the meal- the food is the star here! Their shredded beef is spiced perfectly. (Most dishes come with ground beef, but they will upgrade if you ask - and it's a million times better!)  I love their flautas, and their enchiladas. (I'm a sucker for a good enchilada!)  I highly recommend their enchiladas suizas (green sauce and cheese- really really good).  There's really nothing bad on the menu, ever. And no matter what you order, their portion sizes are huge!  Don't feel bad about being too full for dessert.. they'll still bring you a little sopapilla with strawberry sauce & whipped cream with your check! It's the perfect little ending to a fantastic meal!
3	Arrived for lunch at 12:30 and the place was packed. Overflow parking is around back by the Days Inn pool. The hostess gave us a pager but the wait was only 5 minutes. Not much of a waiting area - it's either the bar or outside.Two delicious salsas were put on the table and the chips were fresh. An excellent first impression. Our waiter took our drink order and a minute later, the manager came by to confirm that the drink order had been taken. So far, it's warming up as attentive service.Waiter came back with drinks and took lunch orders. I got the Expresso Burrito from the lunch menu and my friend ordered the Chicken Chimichanga. The food took less than five minutes and arrived on very hot plates. I found mine delicious though light on the promised pork verde. The Chicken Chimi was chock full of chicken. Both were delicious.By this time, the lunch rush had cleared out, so we stayed another hour talking and were not pressured by the staff to move on. Our drinks were refilled a few times too.Overall impression: excellent surroundings and a great (if rushed) atmosphere. Good food. Very low price. I'll come back for sure!
5	Great Mexican food, ample portions.  I had a large burrito and sides were huge.  Friendly staff. Our group received a complimentary dessert.  Guacamole made tableside was delicious!
4	Pleasantly surprised! Even after reading the positive reviews for Azteca I was still a little hesitant walking into the place. I have dissonance around finding a good restaurant attached to a mid-range hotel. When you walk in, it's like walking in a little tunnel. The front area is really small too and if you arrive with a lot of people, your personal space bubble becomes almost non-existent. We asked for a booth and yes, the tables are very close together. The staff are friendly and they especially warm-up if you speak Spanish. We ordered the "Macho" and veggie fajitas. Very good and large portions! We also ordered the fresh guacamole since many of the previous reviews raved about this. Even though it was delicious, I thought it was a tad pricey ($7 for one avocado) after thinking it was only $3 (I guess I mis-read the menu). The salsa was on the watery side and I'm accustomed to the chunkier, but it was still good. As we were leaving, a table was having a birthday and it was such a fun site to see! Most of the staff came out singing and sombreros in hand. At the end of the birthday song, one of the waiters got up on a chair and was pretending to do a little strip-tease with his apron. Hilarious. Good food, good fun...and if you are lucky, you'll witness a birthday celebration!
5	ARROZ CON POLLO!!!!  This place is worth it great staff, great atmosphere, awesome food even down to the little tortilla wit whipped cream and strawberry sauce at the end of the meal. The guy that comes around with the guacamole cart makes killer guacamole. The portions are massive I consider myself a big eater and I have a hard time finishing my meal. The staff is great they come into my store after hours and are just as friendly at that time as they are when at work so I guess that means they are sincere. Great place
5	I LOVE AZTECA!! It's a definite on Cinco De Mayo this place is packed and the Margaritas are HUGE!!! I love the hot fresh chips and they're salsa is good too!! I think this place is better than Cantina and it's definitely more authentic! I always get the same thing its a dish with shrimp and vegetables with rice and cheese sooooo good!!The value that you get in unbelievable for 2 people it ends up to be $17 can't go wrong!!
5	I go here pretty often, once a week or so. I have never had a bad experience. I always take friends here from out of town and everyone loves it. If you go late at night the guacamole man will dance on the table! Pros: awesome service. great prices.
3	Something hilarious about this Azteca outpost being attached to a slightly retro Day's Inn. Love the weird, ad hoc additions to the architecture - thatched roof beverage station awkwardly built into a corner, odd wood and glass entry hallway made more cramped by the quarter-for-a-bronco-ride thingy. Everything here is slightly more compressed than the Matthews location - booths narrower, tables closer. Service more harried because they do a LOT more business here - even at a slightly off time for dinner, the place was hoppin'. I could be imagining things, but I feel like prices were 50 cents higher than the other location, hmm. Servings were a tad smaller, for sure, but you don't need to finish that arm-sized burrito, anyway. Onto the food: I got the Macho Burrito, he got the usual (fajitas). Now, I've had the Macho at Don Pedro, the other Azteca location, and here - it's a nopales burrito, so it's full of pickled cactus. This was by far the best version I'd had - because the jalapenos were fresh, so it wasn't almost too salty to eat (which, admittedly, has never stopped me from ordering it before). Goooood. A mild, almost mozzarella queso was used instead of the monterey jack I'm used to, continuing the low-sodium thing (except for the nopales). Awesome.Fajitas were, well, Azteca Fajitas - smothered in sweet teriyaki-style flavors. Weird.I'd come back if I were in the nabe and had a serious burrito craving, but I'd probably be thinking about the taco trucks and taquerias down the street the whole time.
3	The pros:- Good service.  The hostess was friendly and seated me promptly.  Though my friend hadn't arrived yet, there was no prob to get a table and wait at the the table.  Throughout dinner our server was courteous and quick.  We also had, who I think is a manager, check on us a couple of times, and made sure we were ok.- Fresh guac - As Dave S. pointed out (and thank you for the rec on this place!) there's a guy that goes table to table and offers fresh guac.  We sampled a bit and really liked it, so he served us a fresh bowl of it.  It's creamy, fresh, and very good!- Basket of tortilla chips and salsa - The tortilla chips are right out of the oven, and are warm & crispy to perfection.  They serve them with a small bowl of salsa and a small plate of salad.  It took a lot of self control to not inhale the whole thing!The cons:- Few vegetarian/vegal options - The menu only has about three things to select if you're vegetarian and/or vegan.  Also my cheese enchillada was very bland and was brought out without any sauce on it, which was kind of odd.  I've had cheese enchilladas at so many other Mexican restaurants and they always serve it with salsa verde or standard red salsa, in this case I had to ask for a side bowl of red salsa.- Mariachi Band - Ok, they're not a total "negative" but it was a little distracting having them blast their music at our table right when my friend showed up.  We hadn't seen each other in 2 years and were ready to catch up but all we could do was shout at each other b/c the band chose to perform right at our table.  As soon as we answered their request of what type of song to play, and they played a good chearful piece, and after we tipped them, they left, then we could actually eat and talk without raising our voices.  But the music was good and they were a nice group, so it's not all bad, just not great timing on their part.Verdict:I'd probably go back here if I was in the area, but not likely to go out of my way.
2	Having been to most of the area Azteca's this one ranks lowest. First strike is being attached to a shady Days Inn. Other than that once you get in the door, its typical Mexican chain restaurant fair inside.Everything, and I mean everything my wife and I ordered came covered in greasy cheddar cheese. Not even a real Mexican cheese, but grocery store pre-shredded cheese.Our server was very attentive, even took his lunch break at the next table over so he could keep his eye on us. Even though someone else has "covered" his break they both ended up serving us. So great service.Food quality at other Aztecas just seems higher, and cleaner.
2	I wanted to like Azteca because I have always heard such good things from other people, but it just didn't do it for me and I honestly couldn't wait to get out of there.Went for dinner on Saturday night, got there early and were sat right away.  The chips and salsa were good.  I ordered a Paloma, which was tequila and grapefruit juice and more, but I don't think its what I received.  I could have sent it back but it tasted fine, so I drank it.  We had some queso to start, that was also good.  For entree I got the camarones mexicanos, basically shrimp with onions, mushrooms, green peppers, in a tomato sauce with rice and cheese.  First shrimp tasted very fishy, the rest were better.  But the dish had a sourness to it, the mushrooms were the worst offenders and I couldn't figure out why so I stopped eating them.So the food overall was fine but the restaurant kind of skeeved me.  There was water underneat my feet so that bugged me, then one of my friends touched some gum stuck under the table and at that point I was done.  I mean I know we're at a restaurant at a Days Inn but come on!!  Finally our server was just not very good or friendly and I sat with an empty water glass for a while.So I gave it a shot but I doubt I'll be back.
4	When I think of good Mexican food in Charlotte, this is the first place that pops into my mind. I would've never thought to go to this place since it's randomly attached to the Days Inn but I went here on a whim a couple of years back and have been going ever since. They have fresh salsa along with warm, crisp tortilla chips and have a guac dude rolling around to each table if you so choose to indulge. Their portions are the size of a baby and they offer margaritas in different fruity flavors that are quite strong. I've tried different combos and like I said before, with portions the size of a baby, I often have leftovers. The nachos were amazing as well and were the size of a toddler and cheaper than my margarita (I found this very amusing) I've found service to better in the bar area when I go and you can't beat dining with Telemundo and ESPN in the background! They also give you free little cinnamon crispers topped with whipped cream after your meal. Yay for anything covered in whipped cream! Anytime I've gone there, the service and food are consistent which is a big plus in my world.
3	Wasn't great but wasn't horrible. My sister and I went here on a saturday night last weekend. The main reason for choosing this place is because we were visiting out other sister who had to work that night. We had limited options of where to eat as we didnt want to go to downtown charlotte (or uptown I guess as it is called down south).......with that said we had this and two other sit down places within walking distance of the hotel we were staying at (not the day's inn that this is attached to). As my sister was craving a margarita this place was the winner. I liked that we got sat right away- even though it seemed busy for a saturday night around 6pm. They offered us indoor or outdoor seating and we chose the indoor. We got a booth seat stat. Our waiter was at our table in a flash. drinks out fast as werer the chips & Salsa and someone came by to offer us fresh made guac. We ordered some and it was good. Not the best but good enough. Portion sizes were decent- I got a house burrito of some sort that they were known for- it was huge. My sister got some combo plate-  taco and enchilada I think? And it came with rice and beans. Huge serving. She couldn't finish and I could barely finish mine. We left full and happy and satisified. And they gave us some treat at the end of our meal- a fried tortilla with strawberry sauce and whipped cream.
3	Azteca...sure....why not. I rolled in here on a Saturday afternoon while I was running some errands in the neighborhood. My craving for Mexican was taking over and Yelp led me here. Hubs and I were politely greeted and seated in a big 'ole comfy booth. The surroundings are reminiscent of a Chi-Chi's if you've ever had the unfortunate experience of visiting one. Mexican inspired and, well, Aztec-y. The chips were toasty and tasty but the salsa left me a bit sad. No chunks present - just watery blah. But no matter, the guacamole guy came rolling down the aisle and offered us some green magic. We asked for spicy guacamole and it was indeed full of heat...and flavor! My only gripe? For one avocado, the guac price was $7.95...that's steep IMO. Onto the entrees...I ordered the enchilada & tamale combo. This option came out on a massive, shallow plate. MASSIVE and covered in sauce and or cheese. Hmph. I *think* the enchilada flavors could have been nice but the cheese dumbed down most of it. The enchilada far superseded the tamale - which was super, duper bland and cakey. The refried beans and rice were standard and nothing to write home about. Meh.While the service was friendly and efficient, the meal also ended on a sweet note with those crispy cinammon bites with a dab of whipped cream and strawberry sauce. Free little chips of wonder - I could have easily eaten five of them in a snap. Will I head back to Azteca? Perhaps, if I'm in the neighborhood and positively craving Mexican...but I'm not rushing back here anytime soon.
3	When I'm thinking of going to a Mexican restaurant I never think of Azteca, but my friends always seem to love it there.  I can't say I have never had anything there that I didn't like, the food really isn't bad, its just not amazing by any means.  The service can be hit or miss, but they area always friendly.  The place is rather small, and connected to a Days Inn Hotel.  The prices are also not bad.  I have never had a Margarita there so I can't review that.  So for me its a place I would never turn down if suggested, but I just would never suggest it myself....lol.
2	Meh, I've had better. Went here for lunch the other day and the place was packed. Seated right away and was met by the server instantly with chips. There was a little man walking around with a make shift cart offering tableside guac. A little odd and pricey. $6 for one avocado or $8 for two...hmmm...ok. Not bad for price of tableside guac if the portion matched the price, which it did not.Ordered the combo place of tostada, enchilada and taco. Came with typical rice and beans. The portion was HUGE! Could barely finish it and had to wait to start it because it was so hot. Hot like it was sitting under the lamp too long. Flavors were just ok. All in all, decent, though not a place I'll likely return considering all the other good Mexican restaurants around town.
4	Great little Mexican place. Nothing super fancy but for the money you can't go wrong.
4	I'm trying to think of anything I dislike about this place and I cant.  The guacamole the woman with the cart makes is great, the queso dip is great, all the food I've had is great.  My personal favorite is the "Dos Amigos" chicken and shrimp in a sour cream sauce oh my god and if you want to get the real deal ask for the handmade corn tortillas.  If I could eat here every day I probably would, and then I wouldnt fit through the door.Also, I came here on my birthday and they brought me ice cream and sang me happy birthday while banging on drums.  Way better than red lobster.
4	Finally, I got to see what table-side guac was!  And it was so cool!  The lady comes out and asked if we wanted one or two (two is gigantic!) and then has all the spices (onions, tomato, jalapeno, etc.) and you tell them exactly how much or how little you want and you taste it until it's exactly how you want it.  Awesome experience!  The food is true to Mexican form, which is hard to find, I'm always finding Tex-Mex around here and you get HUGE portions for the price.  The plate is almost 2 feet wide.  I've never seen such a large portion.  We had the jumbo tableside guac, extra chips and salsa (which unfortunately it's not bottomless chips there :( ), 2 combo platters with 2 tacos and an enchilada, rice, beans, and cole slaw, and a complimentary dessert which they throw in like Chinese restaurants throw in fortune cookies (which was yummy) all for less than $30, plus the servings were so big I had a lot to take home.  I definitely recommend it to anyone that likes real Mexican.  I've only been able to find On the Border around here for tolerable Mexican, but I think this may beat it.  They gave us different types of salsas too.  Even the cole slaw style was good.  I wasn't really a fan of the bland one, too watery, but the second one they gave was great.  They have outside seating which was relaxing.  I wish it wasn't next to a Days Inn, but I didn't see any shady characters running around.  The bathrooms could be a little cleaner tho.
4	I am not a mexican food expert but this place was pretty darn good!  The outside looks kinda sketch and it's attached to a Days Inn which makes is seem somewhat suspect. But once you walk in it's fine.  We walked in and were immediately seated and served delicious chips and salsa (only the first 2 bowls of chips are free as I saw on the menu) not like you need more than that but just sayin...I had a combo plate of a taco and an a cheese enchilada with rice and beans, it was enormous and only about $7, I also had a giant peach margarita that was delicious.  That cost more than my meal ($8 I think?) but I had a rough day and it was worth every penny.  Consensus - cheap, decent mexican food a short drive from my apartment.  Sold.
3	We went here for lunch today and it wasn't very good.  Food was bland and didn't taste all that great.  Nothing special...
3	Never even knew about this place until I started hearing rumblings about this must eat place off Woodlawn.  I love Mexican food, probably my favorite, so I decided to give it a shot.Meh...what's all the fuss about?  Very typical Mexican food.  Blindfold me, put a plate from Azteca or a place like Monterrey and I promise you I couldn't tell the difference.  That being said....it's good.  I've been here several times and never been disappointed but at the same time, never overly impressed.  In the restaurant business no bad news is probably great news so take that as a compliment Azteca!Service is quick and polite always.
2	Decent food, but nothing to write home about.Dining room is tight... booths are only fit for thin people and even then it's a tight squeeze.Food is overly greasy, salsa is watery, chips are mediocre and limited.I really do not see what the big deal is about this place... it's decent, but nothing to rave about.The best thing about the place is the fast service.You could do better... you could do worse, but  you owe it to yourself to try some place different if you believe Azteca is "great" or even "above average".
3	Really enjoyed this place.  Traditional mexican menu.  The highlight was definitely the guacamole which was made fresh and to our taste right in front of us.  The tacos and quesadillas were good, but a bit soggy.  Service was great.  Would definitely recommend stopping by just for the guac.
5	Growing up six miles from the Mexican border, I'm convinced "authentic" to me is not what others consider "authentic"!  For being in North Carolina, thousands of miles from the border, this is pretty darn authentic by my standards!  It's a Sunday afternoon and the place is packed with hispanic families!  That's an automatic one star for me!!!  This usually means the food will be more homemade type Mexican food and less commercial like you would get at a Carlos O'Kelley's type place.  Then the guacamole cart comes around and fresh guacamole is made at your table!!  And BAM!  There's three stars!  The guacamole was AMAZING!!!  You get to pick all of the ingredients as well as how spicy you would like it.  Then our orders of chile verde, a heaping ceviche (complete w Tapatio) and a combo plate of an enchilada and avocado tostada comes out just as we finish the guacamole!  Four stars!!!  The food is delicious, the wait staff is helpful and prompt.  Just when we realized we couldn't stuff out faces with one more bite, out came a perfect-sized portion of buenelos type dessert with strawberry sauce FOR FREE!!!!  And before you know it we are at FIVE STARS!  We ate at El Charo in the same area a couple of nights ago and they don't come close to Azteca!!!  So ignore all of the stars El Charo got and go to AZTECA!!!!
5	Holy YUMM! Above and beyond goodness. Fresh guac made to order, in font of my face. Even a little dessert fried goodness with the check.
4	Maybe it's the servers & decor, but I think the food is here is pretty damn authentic (as to my LA standards).It reminded me a lot of El Cholo in Los Angeles/Santa Monica, except a little grungier/cheaper - both of which I can appreciate.I had the carne asada and the meat was burnt just like my buddies back home would cook it on their grill.  It was a bit dried out, but tasted great with tortillas, beans, rice, etc.  It totally reminded me of home.Fried ice cream was a sick way to finish off the meal - it was ginormous so a bunch of us just ripped it to shreds.The best part was how hoity-toity the hispanic waitress was!  Whenever we ordered a dish, she would repeat it as to correct our pronunciation.  Even me - how dare she.  Puedo hablar en espanol como soy un mexicano!  It was pretty bad ass how she kept correcting us, lol.  The best was when a buddy asked what kind of tamales they were - she said pork, they are all pork, buddy.  As if to say tamales without pork are not true tamales. I've had veggie tamales made by this one broham's mother and I concur with the server, if they ain't pork, it ain't crackin.dmo out.
4	Clase, lo dice:Buenos Dias.Me llamo Daniela.Como esta usted.Quiero comer en Azteca.Quiero comer en Azteca todos los dias.Okay, maybe not todos los dias because I would be as big as una casa but frequently. I am a seafood enchilada junkie and they are not a common in charlotte as I would have thought. Azteca serves up a mighty delicioso set of two Enchiladas de Camaron with an 18-wheeler's worth of rice and beans (the tasty ones, not the ones that taste can-y). Add the standard basket of chips and salsa, but with pico de galo and additional hot salsa (you may have to ask) and complimentary sopapillas and you are bound to be both happy and unbuttoning sus pantalones when you leave.Does it have a hint of standard American Mexican restaurant to it? Si. But its tasty and satisfying.
4	Thought I would give this place a try. Went on a Monday night not crowded at all. When we sat down the waiter was quick with the salsa and some type of slaw. Had the table side guac made and it was excellent. The food came out quick and was very hot and good. I will be back.
3	Went there a couple weeks ago for a business lunch and am catching-up on my reviews. I have eaten at this location many times and have never had a bad meal. It seems like the portions have gotten smaller though. It is always jammed for lunch but usually you are seated quickly.  The food is good and I especially like the pica de gallo (salsa).  The fact that they have been in business for so many years shows that they know what they are doing.  The prices are very reasonable.
4	I've never had a bad meal here. I love Mexican food, but I'm such a picky eater it's kind of difficult to choose something. The servers here are bilingual and some of them struggle a little with English, but they're always polite if they don't understand. They always manage to get my food right, also. The wait on all aspects of service are a little long, no matter if it's busy or slow.
5	Good food, Good price. We went around 4pm on a weekday, not very crowded, which is good. The meal protein was very big, both my husband and I got a doggy bag.I love the deep fried flour tortilla, it's flaky and delicious. Difintnaly will come back here again.
4	I'm not a huge Mexican fan, but I always have a good time when I come here! (Go on Fridays. That's when the mariachi band comes :D) A little after we were seated, the mariachi band came over to our table. They asked if they could play a song for us. OF COURSE YOU CAN!! But umm.. we didn't know what song to request so we asked for a "happy" song haha (I guess I should brush up on my latin songs beforehand next time lol) They were so sweet! Near the end of our meal, they came back to ask if we would like another. Of course we said YES! Don't forget to tip btw :)There was a birthday party beside us and the servers embarrass the birthday girl/boy with a sombrero hat as the mariachi band gathers with birthday songs :) It is a great place for birthdays. The space isn't that big, but they can accommodate large crowds. Plus, being here always makes me more cheery!
4	Right after we moved to Charlotte, I was talking to a local in a bar about how I wanted great Mexican food. He directed me to Azteca, and told me not to worry about the fact it was connected with a Days Inn.That was 8 years ago, and after trying numerous Mexican restaurants in Charlotte, Azteca remains far and away our favorite. The food is delicious and the portions are huge for the price you pay. Service is always friendly and prompt. The restaurant is hopping on a Friday or Saturday night, and it's always a fun place to hang out. The mariachi band that plays on the weekend is a blast. On one of our last visits, they asked us if we wanted them to play us a song. We said sure, but we didn't know which one, so we suggested they play us their favorite song. They chose Elvis, which cracked us up.My husband loves the Arroz con Pollo. I switch around dishes, but lately my favorite is the Pork Carnitas. For $11, you get a plate with so much food on it that taking home leftovers is a must. We've had nothing but great visits to Azteca!
5	Here in Charlotte from out of town. Just had an awesome lunch. Great drinks, guacamole at the table was made to order. The fish tacos were awesome and my wife had shredded beef tacos, the beef was very tasty.  The pico de gallo at the table was the best.
4	Who doesnt love this place?! COME ON! Ok, well I could live without the salsa, but the pico is ooooooh so good. I also dig that they offer Sol beer which is not easy to come by. I admit, I am not one to order the same thing every time I go out to eat, but I just cant stay away from the arroz con pollo. ARRRRRIBA! Take a bunch of amigos/amigas and enjoy a margarita or two and eat up...then go home with the leftovers. My guy and I had leftovers and I made a freakin casserole with them for god sakes. So much food!
3	Good for Lunch
4	Affordable prices, good food and there was even a lady that made fresh guacamole right at the table; it was delicious.
5	Azteca is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte!  If you go there you'll see why, tons of charm and the food is amazing!!Great atmosphere at lunch or dinner time!  They have a tons of cheap lunch specials and you get a ton of food.  Plus, all you can eat chips, salsa and Mexican slaw...Yum!!One of my favorite dishes they serve is the Carnitas Des Reyes (I think that's how it's spelled!)!  Sliced beef strips in a tomato-ey sauce with green peppers and onions.  Served with your choice of flour or corn tortillas, rice, beans and guacamole.  The beef is so tender and has a ton of flavor.  If you've never tried it before, please do!  If you like fajitas, you would like that dish!I've also had their fajitas and they are the best around!  I don't think I've had a bad meal there.  Service is always great and fast, especially at lunch time.Oh, and at the end of your meal you get these wedges of tortillas dusted with sugar and drizzled with honey and strawberry sauce, topped with whipped cream!  One of my favorite desserts ever and you get it with your meal!  Yum!!Don't let the fact that it's attached to a Days Inn make you not want to go in.  Just keep your focus on the food and atmosphere and you'll forget that the hotel is even there!!
5	I took my daughter and her friends to a concert last night in Charlotte.  After I dropped them off I searched Yelp for a Mexican Restaurant in the vicinity and found Azteca.  I was seated immediately in the restaurant and received a menu, my chips and saulsa and my drink order was taken.  I ordered the Pollo Crema and guacamole.  Soon after I received my ice cold draught beer and a waiter came to my table and prepared the guacamole to order using a fresh avacado, onions, tomatoes and celantro. My only disappointment is I ordered a small portion instead of the large.  Moments later the entree was served on a huge dish full of rice and beans with my chicken.  The cream sauce was rich and eating it along with the guacamole was to die for.  The server was exceptional too and he frequently checked to ensure the food was good, my beverage was full and chips were aplenty.  I have eaten Mexican food from coast to coast and this was by far the best I've ever had.
5	Love love....love Azteca. Their made to order Guac is the best.      I've eaten here quite a few times throughout the years and have yet to be disappointed. Their Carne Asada is delectable as well as the Arroz con Pollo.     I highly recommend the margaritas too!Azteca is great for large groups because of it's lively atmosphere.
1	My husband and I just moved to Charlotte from Ohio and we have been on the hunt for a good mexican place. Needless to say we are still on the hunt. You would think the closer you get to Mexico the better the food, but that is not the case. When we got to the place, there was a long line so we thought we were going to have to wait but we got right in. There was a live band playing music which was very nice and set the mood. The service was very prompt and polite. The chips were just standard chips but the salsa was what I called onion soup with no flavor or heat, and they also served us with what looked like coleslaw. YUCK! I have been noticing that all the mexican places we go to have very soupy and or watery salsa which makes me very sad. My husband and I just got back from Cozumel and it was the most flavorful and thickest salsa you could ever have! I ordered small combination number one (Hard taco and enchilada) and it was inedible! The taco shell was soggy, I had the server bring me a new shell but that didn't help. The beef in both the taco and the enchilada was a low grade beef like taco bell but with no seasoning (Must be the lack of dairy farms in the area). The enchilada tasted like a soggy diaper! I couldn't bring myself to even eat it. The rice was dry and tasteless and both the beans and the enchilada came with some sort of yellow cheese on top... that tasted awful. The beans were also watery underneath all the yellow cheese. My husband got the chicken fajitas and we shared it. He seems to like all the food but he was a little tipsy from the very strong margarita. I thought the fajitas were just okay, the onion in them tasted like a sweet onion which i do not fancy. I ended up asking for more salsa because I was still hungry! However at the end they brought some sort or sweet tortilla dessert. I thought that was a nice added touch but not enough to make me want to ever go back. We paid 33.00 for 2 people and one margarita, so it was pricey.Either way the hunt is still on for a good mexican place in the Carolina's.
4	I was meeting my date in the North Lake area, and my friend recommended Azteca in the past, so we decided to check it out!I got there before he did, so I grabbed a table and ordered a Dos Equis Amber, my favorite, and it was on special!  They brought me chips and salsa to munch on, which were good.  I asked if they had anything spicier- and my server, who was very attentive, sent over one sauce- checked in with me, then sent an even spicier salsa once he realized I could handle it.  I'm all about hot sauces and salsas, and they were both great!  The hotter of the two was pretty crazy I have to admit.Anyways, my date arrived and we ordered a little later.  He ordered a burrito, which he enjoyed.  I got the mixed fajitas- my usual at a mexican restaurant- and they were decent.  Portion was good for the price- I believe it was around $12.  The shrimp were kinda small, compared to my favorite spot, Three Amigos, in Plaza Midwood.It's a big restaurant!  If you have a big group, it would be perfect!  Very attentive service, and I loved the tortilla treat at the end.  Who doesn't like honey and whipped cream?!?  Yum.  I'll hit it up again if I'm in the area!
3	I'm so torn on this review.  I grew up with Azteca,  and I love the food.   I've searched high and low for a Mexican restaurant to rival their carne asada,  but they remain the reigning champs.   My issue is with the service at this location.  It has been consistently poor.   Every server I've had, and even the manager,  has seemed annoyed to be waiting on the clientele.  Requests are greeted with eye rolls and then carried out in a very droll manner.  But alas,  I love you carne asada.   I need you in my life.   For richer or for poorer... for bad service or good.
4	Having a rough day?  Cheese dip cures most ills.I have been an Azteca semi-regular for many, many years.  I work close to the Woodlawn location and me and co-workers head over for cheese dip and a quick, yummy lunch at least once a month (sometimes at least once a week if work is particularly stressful).  Located on Woodlawn, near the 77 exits, the parking in front can be a little difficult during peak lunch times, but there is parking all way around the hotel that is adjacent.  Typical decor for a mexican restaurant and includes booths and wooden chairs at tables.  They can accommodate large parties if the tables are slid together.  Lunch portions are a good size and a good price.  I think everything is under $7 and for the most part the lunch specials are served with refried beans and rice.  I have had the burritos (chicken, beef and shredded beef), chimichangas (chicken and beef), flautas (chicken and shredded beef), fajitas (usually steak), quesadillas, etc.  Everything is standard fare, nothing spectacular, but very consistent.  We can always get in and out in under an hour.  The wait staff is friendly and quick with refills on drinks and chips.  Good beer and margarita selections.  They have a full bar, although usually the folks I go with stick to beer.  If you go for dinner, it is slightly more expensive (naturally), but the portions are RIDICULOUSLY big.  My food looked like it came on a serving tray instead of a plate.  I ate maybe half of what was served, and I am a big ole girl that likes to eat.  A lot. As an occasional treat, we split an order of churros for dessert.  Several cinnamon sugar coated deep fried sticks served with ice cream and syrup.  YUM!  Super sweet, and cures the bad habit craving if you can't have booze for lunch to salvage an otherwise craptastic day.  This is a great place for a quick, dependable, inexpensive lunch.  And if you are starving, it's a great  place for dinner too.
5	Only Mexican Restaurant in town. Pico is legit, got to get the Guac, mariachi bands on Friday!
3	Azteca has been a favorite of mine since way before Yelp, so I am disappointed that my first visit since that time was my least favorite.I met my two best friends for what has become an annual before Christmas craziness dinner.  Azteca does have the best pico de gallo of any other place and our queso was delicious as well. My friends enjoyed to very delicious margaritas while I drank a cold Negro Medelo. Dinner is where I found my self a bit disappointed.  We all ordered combination plates, mine was the taco with ground beef.  Our service was slow for the night and my plate arrived warm with one side of my corn tortilla taco completely soggy.  We had a very long wait for our checks which were split incorrectly and there was further confusion about how my one friend's visa was charged.  The waiter was was very appologetic and the situarion was resolved, but very awkward.I am a great fan of Azteca, and I chalk this visit up to an off night.
5	I love this place! We frequent a lot as it is close to my work. Sometimes there is a short wait but they are always about to accommodate us. They have great lunch specials and you can get a lot of food for under 10$.
4	We rarely go out on my birthday because it's a major dining holiday - Valentine's Day.  But this time the whole family got together and I chose Azteca, thinking it wouldn't be "too" badly crowded.  Well, it was full, but SO festive and fun!  We sat at the bar while we waited for our table for 7, and the bartender was entertaining and quick with our margaritas, even making a little virgin margarita for the youngster with us.  We got our table fairly quickly, and we kept our waiter entertained and coming back and forth pretty quickly, too, considering the room was full of party groups.  As always, the food was filing and delicious!  This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants, and it was really good to be back, and share it with 3 in our party who had never been.  They are now fans, as well.
4	It was 7pm on a Sunday, St. Patricks day, and we were out-of-towners looking for dinner near our hotel in Charlotte.  We were surprised to find that most restaurants were closed.  Azteca was the fourth one that we tried and, finding it open, decided to give it a try.When we walked in, the atmosphere was warm and welcoming.  There was a plate of food on display which looked kind of congealed and gross - it had probably been there the whole day - and made me question whether dinner there was a good idea.There was no wait for our table.  When we were seated, they promptly brought us delicious chips and salsa.  Our waitress was very kind.  We ordered four different dishes and shared - they were all fabulous.  Large portions for great prices.  There was also a woman walking by with a cart making fresh guacamole on request.  She was adorable and I loved that she made it right in front of us.Overall, Azteca was not a place I probably would have chosen first but I'm really glad we stumbled upon it.  A great find!
5	Damn good food!   I love Mexican and its a hidden treasure.   Note you can get hot sauces to go.  Bring empty jars and get their green sauce its like fire.  La mejor comida mehicana en el sur este!!
4	Not a bad place for your Mexican food.Food - if you order a small platter, you will get a good amount of food. The larger platter will fill you up and beyond. If you are like me, I had to pack the rest for to-go. I believe waiting for our food, while loading up on their salsa/guacamole sauce + chips, really got me. Don't scrimp on the guacamole, it's good!  The tamales/enchilada combo was what I had ordered. Although, the shredded beef tamale was not wrapped in the corn shuck, which takes the fun out of unwrapping your tamales.  Enchilada looked messy, but surprisingly good!! Overall, I'd come back, when I feel for Mexican.Service - good and attentive.  No complaints here.Place - you get a good Aztecan vibe! **Cinco de Mayo is coming up, order their house margarita, you get a free shirt!
5	Consistently terriffic
4	The arroz pon collo was a great dish! The plates full of chicken and veggies to fill you up! Make sure to ask for the soft shells to go with it!
5	Loved this Mexican restaurant! Great food, ambiance and drinks! I'd go back here anytime!
3	Guacamole is on point. Service is great, the best I've seen. The food was good.
3	When someone at work says "Mexican for lunch?" They can always count me in!My coworkers and I arrived a little after before noon and the parking lot was already packed. I was pleased that even though the lot was full there was no wait and we were seated immediately. No sooner than we sat down we had a basket of chips and two different salsas. I really liked their salsa. I wasn't a fan of the chips because they were not served up hot but I ate them anyway because the salsa was just that good. Spicy and delicious...just like I like it. The menu had great variety and the prices were excellent! I ordered the Deluxe Taco Salad with chicken - It comes in a tortilla shell with tomatoes, guacamole, sour cream and cheese. Our food arrived so freaking fast! My goodness! What a major win for the very hungry lunch crowd! My salad was just okay. Don't get me wrong, it was not bad by any means and the portion size was not a problem. It was the tortilla shell. It was not crispy like I'm used too but that's just my personal preference. I still loaded it up with salsa and enjoyed every bite.  For the prices this place is a great deal for lunch. I'd definitely come back, there's so much more I have to try...See ya soon Azteca!
2	We sat at the bar. Service was minimal and not unfriendly but not too welcoming. Fajitas were pretty good. Expresso burrito (pork) was absolutely tasteless. Sauce surrounding it seemed like just thin bland tomato paste. Margarita was fine (giant and super sweet like a lot of other places)
3	I have to say that I am pretty disappointed. Service tonight was very slow, and frankly the food was totally unremarkable. I had the Tres Azteca, and while the flavors of the steak and chicken were almost alive, the shrimp was DOA - clearly overly freezer burned and rubbery, and had no discernible flavor.I asked for *HOT* salsa to liven things up, but their offering was, again, fairly flat.The flavors did not excite me, the service was tepid, the price was reasonable - but I won't be back.
3	Although the location is a little random, connected to a hotel, and the front door was basically closed shut, Azteca was overall better than what I expected. The chips came out hot with two salsa, one more traditional and another slaw like salsa. The traditional salsa had a nice kick, however the other one was ugh, not really sure what it was. I ordered the lunch chicken fajitas. The fajitas were steaming with onions, peppers and tomatoes and were good, nothing spectacular. The beans and rice, on the side, were also just okay, nothing extraordinary. The service was good and overall I enjoyed my visit.
4	Summary: Excellent food!!! The guacamole was made right there at the table. The service was wonderful. The Marriott cheese band was great. I would go again.My family and I were traveling through North Carolina. We decided to stop and have dinner at a Mexican restaurant. This one popped up on yelp it looked like a good place to go so we tried it out.We shared the tres alteca and a Texas fajitas. The food arrived hot and fast. It was way more than three people should eat, but we tried. It was excellent. For new people going I would definitely recommend the homemade guacamole and tres alteca.
5	During lunchtime. Very good. Chicken soup some of the best I have ever had. The pico great also.
5	If you desire real Mexican food this is where it is at! Especially the location on Woodlawn. Great traditional dishes as well as the tex/mex so many Americans enjoy. The salsa is unique and you get a free small desert at the end of every meal.
4	Great service, great food. Get the queso and quac. This place is excellent:) their portions are large but the service is on point too. Affordable date night or bring the kids.
4	We are there on a busy Sat night but were seated promptly. Service was excellent and food was out fast. Have to say everything was very good and was kicking my butt for having gotten an appetizer at the bar before going to the restaurant. Will definitely be on our go to list when back in town.
2	Needed to update the rating of this place as four stars is misleading.  I've been back here a couple of times through the past couple of years, and the food and service has slowly deteriorated.  The food issue was that the grub is not so good anymore and the service issue is there is a lack of attentiveness.Came here at the start of 2014 with a friend to catch up on a busy December, but made it difficult to talk bc the restaurant was such an issue.  Trying to get the attention of a waiter, waiting on tortillas while the fajita plate got cold, and drinks empty for most of the time.  I'm probably done here.  It feels like the quality of Mexican food is improving in Charlotte overall, so no need to rely on just this location.dmo out.
5	Best authentic Mexican restaurant in Charlotte!! The only place I can find a good mole sauce in this entire town! Always ask for Chuy!  Always!!! He will take care of you!
4	I love the food here. I come here often. The dishes are large and there is always some leftover to take home. I always order the Mexican stir fry which is chicken and lots of mixed veggies. My girlfriend always gets different dishes and I eat off her plate. The staff is friendly, the beer is always cold and the music is lively. We always end with fried ice cream. I love love love my fried ice cream.
2	Just like a childhood movie favorite that is not quite as good when you revisit as an adult....Azteca did not hit the spot like it used to years ago in college. I had fond memories but when I visited a few week ago the food was greasy, over portioned and over cooked. The salsa was pleasantly flavorful but our entrees had a not so fresh suspect look about them.
3	Service was quick and friendly. Chips, salsa and "slaw" come right away.  I eat Mexican in some of the best places for it, so my rating more a "global" scale. For the Southeast, this place is above average.  First: salsa is ok. Pretty watery but good flavor. Chips seem house made-also good.   The "slaw" is very good. It's basically ceviche with no meat. I ordered carnitas. Pork of course-they offer beef and chicken carnitas, which is weird. The portions are very large and come on a huge plate. Rice and beans were as expected (surprisingly they are sub-par at a lot of places-not here). Carnitas normally are hewn from a large roast (can be fried). They serve 1"cubes. Not really traditional. Pretty good flavor, but if you like carnitas, these won't satisfy. Served with pickled onions. Good but odd. Should be lots of fresh onions and cilantro.  Also, there was more slaw, and excellent nopal (cactus) salad. Corn tortillas were store bought, probably all that is avail here.  Guacamole is good, but not enough provided. Overall good, but I would order something different next time
4	Best Mexican food in Charlotte! But the staff that greets you can be kinda rude. Prices are fair.
5	Awesome food, service and price.  We're from Texas and this is the closest we've ever found to the Tex-Mex food we love.  Try the cheese enchiladas - yummy!!!!
3	Good solid Mexican food, very similar to the style in Texas.  A tad bland for my family but we are more used to California/Baja style.  A nice surprise to find this good of Mexican in NC, good atmosphere and price is right as well.  Had "Super Nachos", also tried "chile rellanos", "tamales" and "enchiladas".  Overall a good dining experience.
1	Impressively consistent poor service.  Been there 12 times but the tasty guacamole and carne asada can only distract me for so long before I break! They are downright mean and lazy.  Go to Don Pedro.  Same corporate owners and recipes but better staff.  'Nuff said!
4	I don't think I would describe this as authentic as much as what Americans expect for a  Mexican restaurant, but it is very 'Fiesta!!!"  in decor, with lots of tile, colors, booths and tables that can be put together for groups and large families.  Chips and sauces/slaw provided.  We've eaten here many times over the years.  Good value.  Portions are huge.  Table side guacamole is good.  Near the airport and a good place to  have a quick meal with friends who have a 2-3 hour layover.
3	Good choice for Mexican food in Charlotte. Enjoyed the flautas as well as the cheese dip. It is one of the best cheese dips I have had at a Mexican restaurant.  Highly recommend.
2	So I have to update my previous review from a 4 to a 2 and echo what a lot of other reviewers are experiencing - what the hell happened, Azteca?  While they have updated and spruced up the interior, quite honestly the food is not as good as it used to be and the newer staff needs some more training.I know I am a fatty, but if I come in at 11:30 am, I expect lunch portions and lunch prices.  On a Thursday visit, I did get an extra flauta (I thought the menu changed, I didn't realize the waitress had done a dinner order), however that was not a good thing.  The flautas used to be crispy with well flavored meat.  The shell for mine was mushy instead of crunchy and the beef was dry, tough and flavorless.  For $7.25 I would have been irritated enough - for $10, I was kind of pissed.  The rice and beans are the same eh, fine, they have always been, cheese dip was good.  The chips tasted different and not in a good way.  I don't eat the salsa, so I can't speak to that.I did see a several people that have been there forever, but I did see a lot of new faces too.  From the other "meh" reviews and my past two experiences, I do believe I will be heading to 1900 for Mexican lunches and Monterrey for dinner - Azteca just isn't cutting it anymore.
4	Ever since moving from Texas to Charlotte area, I have been trying to find The Tex-Mex food that i'm familiar with and have been disappointed over and over again here.  But someone recommended Azteca to us and I was not disappointed.  The food, while not outstanding, was much much better than other Mexican restaurants here and I especially liked how they prepared the guacamole table side.  Came at lunch time and found two very large groups (20 at each table) so expected to wait for food and drinks.  To my surprise service was prompt and food tasted fresh.  I'll definitely be back.
3	The atmosphere is awesome, great decor.   Don't let the little entrance next to the Days Inn fool you.  I wasn't too impressed with the food.  It was just okay.  The salsa is not good - very runny.  But, they do give you a delicious  slaw with the chips.  Prices are really cheap - great lunch specials.
1	They are crooks & bamboozled me for a meal that I did not even enjoy! Beware of their pricing and I will never eat there again!
1	WARNING! On June 25th, My daughter ordered chicken tortilla soup to go from Azteca Mexican Restaurant - Smith Corners. After driving home and getting settled (nearly 25 minutes later) the container which was not secured by the manager who packed her order, spilled into my lap. She was rushed to the hospital where it was determined thatshe had received 2nd degree burns from their soup, through denim jeans, nearly HALF AN HOUR LATER! She has been given the run around from the restaurant, their management, and their insurance group The Main Street America Group who refuse to cover just her medical expenses or answer my questions. Those of you that know my family and I know that we are honest, hard-working people who don't ask for more than we are justly due. I am asking you join my family and I in spreading this warning by reposting this and boycotting this restaurant. If you do choose to dine with them, I don't recommend the soup.
5	The food and service are spectacular. I would drive to Latin America to experience it all again. The fajitas were spot on, and the margharitas were enormous and delicious. At least 5 different servers asked if I needed anything and did not have to wait more than 10 minutes for my food. Also free chips and salsa. Will come back next time I am in Charlotte
3	Ok service, not prompt, but friendly. House margarita, big as yo face, portions big as yo face. As far as taste, it satisfies. It is defiantly real Mexican food. Did it blow my mind? No. Would i come back? Most likely. By no means the best, by no means the worst.
4	We came here after we left another restaurant for dinner due to their slow service and it was like night and day!  Sure- this is your typical Mexican joint, but the atmosphere, speedy service where they really cater to you, and the price is where this place sets itself apart. I got the Don Juan entree with chicken, and I had plenty to bring home. The chicken in this dish is worth the price as it's not the dried out shredded chicken in most other plates. The mushroom flavor was evident but reminded me too much of my favorite canned Cream of Mushroom.The chips and salsa were flowing, the mariachi band kept the patrons moving, and the food was plentiful.  I'll come here anytime I need a fix of quick and tasty Mexican food.
5	Best old-school Mexican restaurant in town. Service, quality of food, and ambiance all deliver above what we're all used to. Don't miss the Arroz Con Pollo!!
3	Five years later, still good. Azteca has all the stuff you would want in a Mexican restaurant - Telemundo on the television, burritos and tacos, rice and beans, imported beers from south of the border, chips and salsa, and a wait staff that understands enough English to bring you a carne asada with flour tortillas.Food is good. Chips are good. Salsa is good. It's A-OK.
1	I have always been a customer at Azteca and I usually order the exact same thing. Tortilla soup with the chips on the side. Today I was really craving some tortilla soup from there. I offered it carry out which I never do but I was in a rush. When I got there I gave the person up front the money and I noticed my food was completely wrong. The actual water from the soup was on the side instead of the chips so I told them and they kept arguing with me telling me I was wrong! I asked them for my money back and they said they would not give it to me since I ordered the food. I kept on asking for my money back and the manager herself told me I was "badly educated". I told them fine and walked out with my change. Never got my food. Oh yeah and they charged me .50cents for a to go water. The manager should never ever tell a paying customer that they are badly educated. I asked nicely for them to give me my money back and thy didn't. I paid $8.12 for them to criticize me. Ridiculous. I guess my Azteca days are over.
