4	Not a bad place to stop for a drink.  Haven't eaten there.  There is a jungle motif.  It's a little out of the way, but if you're up in that area, not a bad place to stop off...
3	Since I have only been here once I'm only giving this 3 stars. It may go up to 4 in the future :-)I went here for lunch and it was busy. Service was extremely efficient and quick. She even split our checks and you know how they hate doing that.I had the wedge salad & the soy-ginger calamari - both excellent.  Two of my companions had the jambalaya and thought it was great. The veggie burger was a big miss. The other burger ordered was wrapped in paper, prompting me to ask if we had gone to In & Out Burger and maybe I just didn't realize it. Strange decor. Nice enough, they have this whole safari/jungle theme going on (along with a las vegas style carpet LOL). Their menu is all over the place - there is no rhyme or reason to it. They're mixing up asian & cajun & american & all kinds of stuff. But the food is good, or at least what I've had so far.
4	When looking for a place to eat on New Years Eve my amigas and I decided on Elephant Bar for a couple reasons. We hadn't tried it yet.They take reservations.Jungle theme?The restaurant does have a really cool look to it. Sure maybe a little Vegas, but it's different from most places in Scottsdale so I appreciate it. Plus we all loved the life size elephant in the lobby! The menu was a little confusing. It was very varied, but that can be a good thing. I just had fried shrimp and fries. Boring I know, but it was good. Overall everyone enjoyed their food. And the choclatini and tiramisu are also FABULOUS! I can't wait to try this place again when it's not a huge holiday, and eat something less boring!
2	This is another of what I think seems to be very prevalent here: dress up the place, and the public won't guess that the quality of the food is no better than the local Chili's, Outback, whatever.I found the quality of the food to be average to poor.  The service was good.  The pricing?  Overpriced.I was in the restaurant, and looked over the greener grass to the bar area.  Maybe I will try the bar, if you could convince me to go again.
3	Fun atmosphere and decor, lots of choices, good food. AMBIANCEYou kind of feel like you are going on safari when you walk in here. There are tiger and zebra stripes everywhere. There is a Vegas feel to the place because of the zany motif.FOODThere is a random array of choices for your dining pleasure. Food quality overall is above average. Everything is made fresh onsite so they have that going for them. The menu is made up of lots of items that you can find elsewhere at specialty restaurants (seafood, thai, etc)SERVICE: Overall our service here has been touch and go. Sometimes good, sometimes just so-so. Service has been pretty inconsistent.Other: Our first time there, the manager came over and gave us a $10 gift card and told us to visit again. Thats was pretty awesome for our first visit but it has kind of gone downhill from there.
4	Great happy hour, not busy at all.  Family friendly, all kinds of food and drink on the menu, and quality food at that.  Great alternative to other chain restaurants.
3	I was pleasantly surprised that this Elephant Bar was so much better than another one I had been to recently in Santa Clara.  It just goes to show that service can make the difference every time.  Very nice restaurant, and was a great lunch meeting place.   I'm going to be back and this time bring my favorite dining buddy - my wife.  : )
4	My partner and I have been to Elephant Bar many times, and it never disappoints.  You walk in and are immediately struck by the warm, safari-esque decor.  Giant palm frond fans twirl lazily above, while a cool blue backlit ceiling dominates the heavy wood fixtures.  This time, we went straight into the bar and camped out in one of the over-sized booths.  The restaurant was not as busy as I remember it in the past, and we were there at about 5 pm on a Saturday.  Still, there was a good crowd.  Our service was impeccable, as the servers were very attentive and efficient.  The food came out fast.  Since it was happy hour, we ordered a bunch of their discounted appetizers.  Sometimes we like doing "picky food" as we call it.  We started with the coconut shrimp skewers and the butterflied fried shimp with cocktail sauce.  Both were elegantly served and very tasty, perfectly cooked and quite enjoyable.  The sauce had a nice little kick to it, without being too hot or bland.  Next, we moved on to the Vietnamese spring rolls, which unfortunately were chilled and a little weird, stuffed with shrimp and vegetables.  They were almost a little jiggly, and as I have texture issues with food, I had to be careful here.  The peanut sauce served on the side was tasty and saved the day for me, but I would have preferred the spring rolls cooked, as I'm not a fan of sushi and this sort of reminded me of that.  The vegetable relish in the middle of the spring rolls plate was pretty good, though.  Next, we shared the hummus, which was also very tasty.  We did run out of the hard pita chips (I would have preferred soft pita but that's just me), but it was so good I finished off the hummus with my fork and practically licked the plate, until my partner slapped me up side the head and told me to stop being a pig.  Finally, I ordered the $3.50 tomato soup, which came looking somewhat oily and liberally laced with sour cream.  It tasted really good, despite the oily appearance, and it was quickly scarfed up.  With beer, our total for all of this was under $30, so I'd say it was mission accomplished in spades.  The prices are reasonable and the food portions are ample but not gargantuan.  Overall, I give this a B+.  Good service helped ticked that up a notch, and we will be back.  Go here, go often, and have fun.
3	Good food when it's slow. Not so good when super busy. This is usually a great place to stop after watcning a show at the Harkins theater nearby. If the lot is full on a Friday or Sat night I would pass and go somewhere a little less overwhelmed. Although the service there has always been pretty good for us, the food is hit and miss.
4	very good food  :) friendly, casual and always welcomed with a smile. will be back!
5	I wasn't familiar with this small chain until I traveled to the Southwest last year.  Elephant Bar was a welcome find when I visited one near Albuquerque last December.  The menu is diverse ranging from salads to sandwiches to stir fry to entrees.  I have tried a selection from each of the menu sections and I have always enjoyed my food at the Elephant Bar.Staff is trained well and very informed about the menu choices.  I like the casual atmosphere of each Elephant Bar and I find them good for lunch meetings.Manager Leo at this Scottsdale location is welcoming and attentive to details throughout the restaurant.  Elephant Bar is along something of a restaurant row on Mayo.  Parking is plentiful and the restaurant is easy to find off of Scottsdale Road.
3	When we are in the mood for appetizers, we often think of the Elephant Bar.  A couple appetizers we like to order are the coconut shrimp and the shrimp & crab cakes, although I've had much better crab cakes but they're pretty good.  The tempura salmon roll is always a nice addition to our appetizer line-up as well.  The Elephant Bar has a nice variety and we always enjoy what we order.  Service is good and the food comes out of the kitchen quickly and is always served hot.
2	I used to love this place a couple of years ago, what happened??? I always got their Bankok Pad Thai Noodles with veggies and added chicken and it was great! Today my boss offerred to buy lunch for everyone and we decided on EB because it's right across the street. Sadly every single order was either poorly made, over cooked or in my case- completely wrong! I was looking forward to hot, sticky, carb-y, noodle-y goodness and wound up with some hard, fire-blasted chicken turds on top of a green salad with tomatoes, cucumbers and wonton strips. Someone from EB wrote "thai" on it and that's how I figured out it was mine (since there were no noodles). Very VERY disappointing. Hopefully it was just a really really crappy day for them and an equally crappy lunch for me and my co-workers.
4	We haven't been to the EB for some time. Found out that they NOW take reservations. The place was hopping and we noticed that there were a lot of senior diners. I'm not knocking them...'cause I have my "senior discount card".  Both of the women in my life ordered the wedge salad. It looked like half of the head of lettuce. I ate my wife's half and it was crisp and cold with ranch dressing and a sprinkle of bacon bits....I forgot to finish this and can't remember what I had...so much for us seniors.
4	I know there is an EB restaurant in Burbank,but I got to try it in AZ first. I loved my shrimp scampi dinner with amazing lobster sauce.  My bf had the fried shrimp plate that was small and more like for lunch then dinner. The waiter was a nerd but he was very good at his job, and i liked him! The decor was cool I liked it. The only negative thing was when we first got there they tried to sit us at a small table when there was a huge booth open, we had a group of 6.
3	I went for lunch by myself the other day because it's within walking distance from my work, I wanted to shake up my routine, and I had heard that they had a decent happy hour. From the outside it appeared empty but the bar had some customers. Happy hour starts at 3 and it was just that when I arrived. I sat at the bar and ordered a strawberry lemonade that the bartender suggested. Holy sugar overload!! It was tongue-smackingly sweet. I had to switch to iced tea. I wasn't really impressed by the happy hour menu. Most of the things on it were for sharing so I wound up simply ordering the shrimp fresh (vietnamese) spring roll from that menu. The spring roll was pretty bland even after I asked for some sriracha. What was good was the asian slaw/salad it was served with. It had cabbage, cucumbers, sesame seeds, red peppers, celery and was dressed in what tasted like rice wine vineagar and oil maybe? I dunno but I liked it. They can make good stuff- they should try harder to put it out there!
2	So, I love happy hours. Beyond explanation. You can imagine my excitement to find out that happy hour is from 7 to close. Needless to say, we ordered. A lot. Too much. BUT, in my defense...it was like impulse shopping - impulse dining. Anyways. I ordered a bloody mary, to get my tummy prepared for the onslaught of food that it was about to receive. Also, the artichoke dip, sliders and tacos. Clock ticking. Excitement fading. Tummy growling. Irritation growing. Finally, the bloody mary arrives! Or should I say tomato juice. No celery salt, hot sauce, worcestershire sauce, ANYTHING. Except for a whole fucking celery tree that was engulfing the glass. Boo hiss. The rest I shall summarize: Artichoke dip = large jar of mayo. Again no flavor. Tacos = soaked in "sauce" (aka mayo)...couldn't taste much besides that. Sliders = ok. Just ok. Meat reminded me of what I imagine wet dog food to taste like. So, why the two stars you ask? Well..I added one star for the cheap drink prices during happy hour (stick to beer, maybe). Now I shall find my giraffe and ride off in the sunset, in search of some good food.
5	Excellent Place for anyday casual dine out or the bar.  Lively atmosphere, excellent service and Die for menu!I love their openers- there is a huge variety to choose from. Great chef's specials and very nice cock tails! We had some fun cocktails with mango flavor, black cherry mojito and martinis. They have great lunch specials as well. Menu has everything from wok, sandwiches, burgers to shrimp/veg pad thai or fried mahi mahi. Good options available for vegetarians as well ( I liked their garden burger)
2	We just ate there today - what has happened to that place. Couldn't get the server to refresh drinks, forgot to bring the catsup for the fries (finally did), my meal came but not as pictured on the menu, shrimp was burnt - the check was incorrect (had to be fixed), manager never stopped by our table, no one asked us if everything was ok, when leaving there was no one at the front desk. Guess we won't be going back there anymore - this used to be a great place to eat.
5	It's about time I review the Elephant Bar. This place is reasonably priced and has excellent food. I love their Wok Kitchen creations. Who would have thunked it, but the Elephant Bar has the best Chinese food around. As many times as I contemplate trying something different, I always default back to the Shanghai Cashew Chicken ($11.75). The portion is huge and served with white or brown rice. My wife usually devours the Kung Pao Shrimp. Their happy hour food is reasonably priced, I recommend the Sliders. They have plenty of TV's to catch the game. Although service in the bar area can be unpredictible, the restaurant service is always excellent. Be prepared for the crowds on the weekend.
3	I totally don't get this place.  Awful "hits" menu and terrible too-loud top 40 hits playing on the stereo system.  I was attempting to enjoy dinner with co-workers but the environment was just too loud, too visually busy and had a similar vibe to the Indiana Jones ride/Jungle Cruise section of Disneyland.To their credit, the white sangria thing was fairly decent.  Service is good and attentive.
2	great cold salad (crab and shrimp louie). excellent happy hour drink specials. stay away from anything cooked, fried or with a sauce.GARDE MANGER -- YOU GO GIRL!--excellent crab and shrimp louie. kudos to garde manger!--watercress, arugula and pear salad. nice flavor mix, great choice.AVOID ANYTHING COOKED, FRIED OR WITH A SAUCE.--sweet potato fries absolutely uninteresting, even with the ketchup cocktail sauce that came with them.--chicken medallions (from frozen microwave bag) laden with chemicals, resembles a piece of chicken, but better served out of the sliding door of star trek: original series' food dispenser. YUCK.--shrimp tempura roll served on globalthermonuclear-hot plate. didn't realize you could burn dried seaweed.MENU GOES ON AND ON AND ON AND ON AND ON AND ON...once you get past the _30 page_ main menu... with pictures..., double-sided specials and desserts menu and triangle stand-up drinks specials menu (what?!), you might think you were in one of the infamous chinese high-rise restaurants featuring 500 or more items cooked on multiple floors. move over, cheesecake factory: your spiral bound book has nothing on e-bar!SIGHTS, SOUNDS AND SMELLSbe careful not to sit next to the kitchen. noisy!i don't remember plate clanking so loud since Roy's Scottsdale. I think they actually had a position called "plate clanker" back then.today's visit had its olfactory surprises as well. raw sewage smell from the bathrooms. EW.the slowly waving ceiling fans, elephant wall and the curvy monochrome of the booths, all laid out in a row reminds me of the Indiana Jones Safari Disneyland ride... you know, the one where you're riding in a hummer.ugh.corporate cookie cutter restaurant chains: bite the dust!
4	I gave this restaurant a bad review a while back - but after visiting a few more times I decided that I needed to rewrite my review. My last two visits have been very enjoyable - great service, great food at great prices. I guess the one visit where everything was awful a while back must have been a one time event. At any rate - I am a fan of the Elephant Bar once more after receiving excellent service and food. Great going Elephant Bar!
4	Dude... totally try the Sweet and Sour Shrimp.  I couldn't believe how good that was.And it wasn't even my plate. (Thanks Grandmother)Service was not bad... I like Elephant Bar's menu anyway.  It just sits right.The only issue is that it took FOREVER to get our check paid and done.  Everything else was so fast an in our face, then suddenly to slow down to almost nothing to wait for the check to be paid... ugh.
4	It's like Cheesecake Factory on mushrooms.Why you wonder?Because the menu is oddly eclectic, yet the decor is strangely safari.Besides the major misfire in matching theme to decor to menu, the food is great.They make a killer huge sampler appetizer platter that will feed 4 easily.  Love the burgers.  They will actually cook it to temp med. rare if you ask, which is awesome.  I get the standard cheese, which has some sauce I love, which is probably just mayo and ketchup mixed together, but it works for me.Tomato basil soup to die for.Sadly,  my favorite item was just taken off the menu, which was the chicken caprese cutlet.  Why the hell you others didn't order it is beyond me, but thanks for nothing.  I can't carry a whole menu item on my own, ya know.I've had the chicken marsala with mashed potato and spinach.  The spinach was great, chicken average, and potato smooth.The salads are huge.  The chopped and crab louis are excellent.Made to order cobbler for desert  served a la mode and mud pie  (which is mode all on its own - a big, frosty slab of coffee pie with whipped cream and chocolate sauce) are good bets.  The waitstaff is hit or miss.  Most times we've had great service, but it's never personal, meaning, the staff doesn't really chat or form a bond (I like to bond with people bringing me food - it's an Italian thing).But, the hostess always has your back, and will scream the requisite THANKS FOR COMING, HOPE YOU ENJOYED IT, on your way out.
5	I visited the Elephant Bar Restaurant with some friends. It was my first visit, but will not be my last. The food menu was extensive and prices were very fair. I even had to take a portion of my meal home as it was very large portions. I give the food 5 stars.The drinks werer very good and the service was very good as well.I highly recommend this restaurant; it is on my all time favorite list.FIVE STARS+++
3	This AVERAGE review simply is a placeholder for a better review to come along and BUMP it! We have no food to review, because the food we wanted for our Valentine's Day take-away dessert was not available to us! I can't tell you how disappointing it is to finally zero in on what taste we are craving on a holiday, load up the car to first eat mediocre Chinese food at a fast little place so we have money left over for the "BIG DESSERT IDEA", drive to Elephant Bar, park the car, and get to the hostess station to order our mud pie......only to be told they've already sold out at 7:15  :(If something's that good, there should be a LOT of it on special days......agreed, yes?I trust the next visit will produce more exciting results. May the force be with the Bar
4	They have the best salad ever! The name is Thai-High Sweet & Zesty Chicken Salad. It is seriously the best salad I've ever eaten. I crave it daily! And it's huge so if you go there for lunch you can easily split it. They also have a good kids menu and a nice atmosphere. But really, don't miss out on that salad!
1	Terrible service. The water tastes like dirt.
3	Want good appetizers and desserts?  Looking for a themed ambiance?  This place will suit you.  Want great entrees?  Um.... We've been coming here for years, but less and less more recently.  Our most recent visit was 2011-05-07.From an ambiance perspective, it delivers a sense of the Spice Road.... an asian flavor through different asian cultures - prepared for western taste.  Elephants (go figure), animal prints, funky overhead fans... you get the picture.  Throw in a bar and tv's for the sports gurus, colored lighting, and now its east meets west.We ordered from the specials they were running on our most recent visit.  Lettuce wrap and calamari delivers.  Vietnamese rolls were less successful.  Salads were good - it's kind of hard to screw up a salad.  Entrees we ordered the ribeye steaks.  Not impressed.  Here's a hint:  the ribeye steaks are cut so thin that they'll dry out quickly when cooked; even medium will result in shoe leather (yeah, I ordered medium).  If I'd known it was cut so thin, I'd have ordered medium-rare to give it a fighting chance.  Desserts are advertised (for the special) as a mini-brownie or ice cream in a wonton cup.  Uh... "mini" and "wonton" give the wrong impressions; these weren't one-bite wonders - the "mini" was a decent size portion (wonder how big a "regular" size would be!).  Wonton skins are about 3" across; these were more like spring roll wrappers (8-9" across), deep-fried into a cup shape, dusted with cinnamon sugar, and a large scoop of ice cream in the center - topped off with garnishes, of course.Overall, it's decent appetizers, salads, and desserts; hit-and-miss on the entrees.  We've lost some favorites over the years, didn't care for some other elements, and generally "accepted" it for what it is.  Can't say I'm a fan (hence no 4-star, although I'd have given it a 4-star years ago), so now it's an "yeah,it's okay" - or 3 stars.
3	The salmon roll pictured is good if it is not deep fried and smothered with sauce. Who the heck deep frys sushi anyway?Moving on.... The burger (says the wife and uncle) is outstanding. It is like $5.50 with fries on happy hour. I will be getting that the next time.I got the buffalo chicken fingers. I could not finish them all. They were huge and think there were like 5 or 6 of them. The sauce was a bit extreme. My ass was cursing me out the following day for that decision.All in all, a very decent happy hour and a great atmosphere.
2	I went here with my mom and sister in law today for happy hour. I must say.... I don't understand why people say this place is so good. Even my mom was raving about it as we left and I do not understand it. We got a ton of food, calamari, artichoke dip, pretzel sticks, chicken lettuce wraps, and my mom got a burger. The calamari was probably the best thing, it was a little spicy and had a nice enough flavor. The artichoke was nasty, if this wasn't frozen I would be shocked. It tasted like it had some of the lowest grade cheese (or processed cheese) and had a weird plastic look and texture. The pretzel sticks were dry and bland. The lettuce wraps were also bland.... the peanut sauce that came with it made it better, but not by a whole lot. The lettuce wraps are better at PF Changs and Cheesecake factory... and I don't like either of those restaurants. My mom liked her burger. I didn't try it. Overall it was a lackluster and bland experience. If I had the choice, I would not eat here again. PS there was a lady with a screaming toddler in the bar area and this older lady turned around and told her off..... it was definitely the highlight of the meal.
2	Before this past Father's Day,  it had been at least 4-5 years since I've eaten here. Something told me I enjoyed it before so we went there with another family to celebrate "my day". Atmosphere was good, greeting from hostess was fair and the waitress was very friendly. Very eclectic and interesting menu. Trying to decide between a few dishes, the waitress suggested their fish and chips.Being quite hungry, I asked if it was a fairly decent portion and she promised 3 generous portions of fish atop a mountain of fries. I ordered a house salad to start for "only" an extra $3.99   Now the reason some places get unfavorable reviews is because their expectations are made so much higher than what they receive. I know a Burger King double cheeseburger is not going to fill me if I order one, so I am not disappointed when I order one.My salad arrives- browning, wilted, bagged salad mix. There was not one extra thing put on this mix, no croutons, olives, tomatoes, - nothing.I paid $4.00 for a plate of old lettuce that the manager should have refused to let be served-even to a rabbit.My meal arrives- A handful of less than ordinary fries with 3 fish sticks on top. I am not kidding! These 3 "generous" portions of fish were barely bigger than what you would get out of a Gordon's fish sticks box.   the waitress told me this was their most popular lunch item. What?The soup and sushi roll combo that my friend ordered looked decent but I wont ever find out since I will not be returning.
4	This place is always a good place to go for dinner- or a heavy lunch.  I like the Wedge Salad, any Wok dish, or the Miso Yaki Salmon.Came here on a weekday around 6 pm- no wait, quick service, food was up in a jiffy.Super good food without breaking the bank.
4	--Food .......Good to very good---Wait Staff ..... Good to very good.----Ambiance ..... Very good.-----Prices ...... Very good.------When things go wrong ..... Taken care of, with a smile.As always, had ANOTHER great experience, last night.
4	Great atmosphere, delicious food and a staff with a good attitude.  I got the Miso Yaki salmon and aboslutely loved it!
4	We love the food here 'cause it tasty and affordable. The place was packed and we had to wait about 30 minutes even though they told us 15-20 minutes.We started off with wedge salad which was okay. My daughter, had the Classic French dip and substituted the french fries for the 'wedge salad'. My wife had the Wok-Fired Mongolian Beef with fried rice. She ate half and brought the rest home of dinner the next night. I had the Shrimp Scampi in lobster sauce which came with linguini style pasta. There was plenty of shrimp and for me, too much sauce. I couldn't taste any lobster in the sauce. The service was good especially on a Saturday night.
3	Good place for lunch.  We had six people and they seated us at a very nice table for visiting.  Large menu, but at the high end for lunch (many items in the $12-20 range.)  That's because they use the same menu for lunch and dinner.  Food was ok - not as flavorful as it sounds on the menu.  Really probably worth a 3.5 stars.
3	This place is cheese-tastic to the max.The decor reminds me of a place you would find inside a Six Flags or safari themed adventure daycare or something. There are elephants EVERYwhere. I get it, Elephant Bar, but there's a way to do it and theres a way to beat a dead elephant into the ground and then run it over with a safari jeep and then wear it as a hat. My friend and I had just seen that Chimpanzee movie in the same complex so we thought we would be clever and come here for a beer. I can't report on the food, since we weren't hungry. We did check out the menu though and holy crap it's huge. I really dislike huge menus, it's usually a sign of lack of focus. It's all sort of fusion stuff, and if you don't know what Fried Shrimp or Mac n Cheese looks like, don't despair, there are pictures of every dish. Ugh. It's interesting that every inch of this place is covered with safari themed decor, but the patio is completely devoid of decoration. It's just a few patio chairs and tables fenced in on the side of the building as an afterthought. I guess it was a nice respite from all the elephants and giraffes and nonsense. $22 gets you three large beers not including tip for the nice, but completely average bartender who called me "dude". Meh.
4	I remember the first time going into the Elephant Bar and thinking the has to extensive a menu.  For me that is usually a sign that overall the food is not going to be consisten, just to much  of a variety.  My compliments to the chef, I have never had anything that hasn't been quite good.  That is saying something as I over all over the menu.  My dining companion has looked at what at my entree more than once and said "you are going to eat that?"  The ambience of the Elephant Bar is rather nice as well.  Not that you don't see the cutoffs and flip flop crowd but it is some place that one can enjoy dressing a bit for a nicer casual dinner.  The only drawback of the Elephant Bar is the service.  As a whole it is usually very good but occasionally you do get a zinger.  To the management's credit, those people usually don't last.
3	You could describe the Elephant Bar chain of restaurants as comfort food with an Asian accent.  The menu is fairly large, and contains Chinese style wok-fired items, sandwiches, ribs, fish and chips, etc.  You get the idea.  Some of the food is better than what you would expect in a chain -- the barbequed ribs and crispy salmon tempura, for example, but much of it is average or even subpar (like the patty melt -- dry and tasteless).I would only grant Elephant Bar two stars, but the prices make it clear that they are not trying to do much more than they accomplish.  It is honestly mediocre.  That's something.  I guess.Go here for a quick average meal after the movies, if you go at all.Note:  Seniors, over 60, get 20% off with a "Safari card", and there are often coupons and discounts available.
3	ordered the steak sandwich (medium rare).  Came out cooked medium.  Still very delicious.  French fries were not good, way too salty.  Server seemed as though he did not want to be there, with a grouchy attitude.
3	2.5 stars.  Wok-Fired Chicken and Lettuce Wrap was really good, but everything else was blah.  Artichoke dip was like melted american cheese.  Chicken marsala was dry and didn't have a simple marsala sauce (not a good choice on my part, but I figured it's a simple dish, so would be a safe item.  Lesson learned!)  Not sure what we had for dessert, but it was a small scoop of ice cream buried in a ton of whipped cream.  Loud.  Server was good about refilling water.
3	I enjoy the bar here but did you know they got rid of the pretzel appetizer? It was my favorite. :( Nice setting with quality food every time I have been although this location seems to have an elderly crowd. Over the period of an hour I saw at least 40 people slowly meander in and go to the back where they have some sort of senior get together.
5	Love it. Great variety of food and everything on the menu tastes good! They have delicious tropical drinks. Awesome service. Great coupon club, too!Maybe the decor is cheesy, but that's part of the fun!
4	Went here for the first time for a friends birthday. I have been back a few times now and really enjoy it! It has a good atmosphere and it's fun to look around. There is a bar area, as well as traditional seating. There are a variety of options to choose from on the menu, anything from a delicious 3 cheese macaroni side, to steaks, seafood, and Asian style cuisine. It seems like a rather casual environment, but not a place I would wear sweatpants and a tank top too. Nice jeans and a dress shirt. The staff has always been very friendly, and overall the waiting staff is very attentive, but there was one occasion where I would have like a little bit more conversation/interaction. The food is great, and the prices are good too. Aside from the Steak and Seafood meals, you could easily end the night at about $20 a person for a meal, (soft) drink, and tip. They also offer specials on their website, and if you sign up with your e-mail, they will sometimes offer discounts like $5 off a purchase, and I've even received a few offers for BOGO lunch entrees. If you're in the area or are looking for dinner and a movie, or just a fun, different place to go, I would certainly recommend a trip to the Elephant Bar!
3	The best thing was the dessert. Shrimp was alright. Nothing to write home about. Wesabi chicken was lacking.
4	Yum! This place has the most unique atmosphere, I love it! Went here after The Adventure Run for their special happy hour and ruly enjoyed myself. The decor is really authentic and urban and the bar area is insane with the lighting and graphics. I ordered a big burger and was pleased, not over the moon thrilled, but satisfied. I highly suggest the happy hour menu. The food is cheap and delsihcious and the drinks are a good price too. Got a very worth it, very strong Marg for $3. I was just so impresed with our waiter too. We had a large group and he was really attentive and ok with al the check spiltting and plate sharing. Good guy.
4	The menu is probably the best thing about this place. There are so many choices from which to decide! We're not steak and potatoes types, so having such a variety of seafood, vegetarian, and chicken dishes is awesome. Mostly Asian inspired, the menu also features a variety of burgers, sandwiches, salads, steaks, and at least one lamb dish. I really enjoyed my Salmon Roll and Macau Shrimp and Noodle Soup Combo ($9.95) which had 6 delicious sushi-type rolls and 8 oz bowl of soup chunky enough to nosh with chopsticks. It came with gari & a healthy pat of hot wasabi. My husband loved his Szechwan Shrimp & Chicken in Spiced Garlic Sauce  ($11.95). Our business acquaintence ordered Orange Chicken  ($12.25) that he likes so much he orders it every time.Service was great. There was a small variety of beers on tap. Chopsticks right on the table. My only beef was that the pre-wrapped silverwear had chunks of food still stuck to it, and the napkin is too flimsy to serve as a lap napkin or to wipe the soup off your face.All in all, the great variety on the menu, good service, tasty food, unique atmosphere,  and moderate prices make this a solid choice for lunch or dinner.
4	I went in here for a midday drinky drink! I had their bloody mary.  I would have to give it 4 stars.  Tasty, tangy and not to salty. Just the way I like it.  Atmosphere was calm for a Sunday.  The food looked fabulous and the server recommended the coconut shrimp.  I shall try this next time my friends :)
4	Amazing service, even with it being my server's final day.. With the fact it was the 7pm on the Friday before Christmas, my order came out rather quickly.. Loved the tall glass of beer, but the dinner portions for the Korean Chicken & Kona Ribs could have been a bit bigger for the price. Loved the Apple Blueberry Walnut Cobbler..!
4	Consistently good food and service, a destination when we are visiting the Phoenix area.
1	Mcgraths fish house used to be the worst resturant in this complex, but now that that's gone elephant bar is the winner of the worst. The pictures on the menu were like a dating site - easy to be mislead to expect something great to only be disappointed when delivered. Terriayki chicken that my husband described as being killed, beaten, finely choped, fried beyond recognition, and them being merrinated in soy sauce for a week. The veggies he compared to the left overs found on the stove When the grill was cleaned. The Asian in my Asian chicken salad must have been left in customs. No matter how many rice noodles are piled on the salad, it just can't be improved.
2	Yelpers, If you don't read only one review this year, don't read this one; the service was bland, but so was the food - this review can't be much better.Quick tip, Phoenix in the summer months is not ALWAYS hot, carry a light jacket or sweater in your car, sometimes it's coooold, brrrr. Why some establishments think that 100+ degrees outside means it should be 65- degrees inside is byeond me. We visited on a Saturday before a movie and they seated us just under what seemed to be an ice vent, I was glad I had that sweater in the car.My first impression of the Elephant Bar was "What type of food do they serve here?" Are they Mexi-merican, Italian, American, BBQ, sandwich, Asian Fusion? I'm not sure, and neither does their 30+ page menu. They've got the most confusing menu I've seen from just about any restaurant. I think I saw the same menu item on three separate pages with at least two separate items, why? Don't ask me.I FINALLY, after about 25 minutes, ordered a barbecue glazed chicken sandwich with the macaroni and cheese side - which they touted all over the menu and table top flyers (the mac n cheese that is). By the way, turns out that their idea of barbecue glazed is a bland piece of chicken with barbecue sauce added after it's put on your sandwich. I could have sworn that barbecue glazed means it's cooked in a fire roaster / oven with the sauce.I ended up sending the macoroni and cheese back after 4 or 5 bites, the noodles were way over cooked and the cheese was bland, I guess I could have added salt, but didn't really feel like paying for mediocre macoroni. I also requested them to add jalepenos to my chicken sandwich, and they sent out basically an entire jalepeno pepper on the side not peeled, not chopped, not diced, but sliced about 5 times - I ended up cutting it into smaller pieces myself with the butter knife they supplied me so I could actually add it to my sandwich.The chicken wasn't pink, so I THINK it was cooked, but it was walking the line of cooked and not cooked. After about one fifth of the chicken sandwich I decided the flavor wasn't going to get much better and ended up sending that back also. The bill arrived and to my surprise the chicken sandwich was still on there. I asked the waitress "are you really going to charge me for that meal?". She went and found the manager to which I had to explain again all the reasons I didn't want to eat the food they provided and why I didn't want to order something else instead.My wife's hambruger was good though. If you're here, hungry, and confused at what to order, get a burger; I think it's the best thing on the menu and difficult to get wrong. Who knows, maybe they can. :-/
5	Went there for lunch with 25 girlfriends the weekend of Phoenix Open WM 2013. As busy as they were, they still gave us Great Service, they split the check for us (yep) the manager "Leo" made sure we got what we wanted & the food was just Delicious! I will definitely go back there again & again & again!
2	Very large menu, but poor service. Waiters have far too many tables at peak times leaving the guest unattended and forgotten about. We were just a party of 4 and it was not a good visit.  Others around us had similar problems. There are far too many restaurants in Scottsdale area, avoid the headache and go elsewhere.
3	The food is pretty good. I have had good service at lunch, but, when I have sat in the bar at 'happy hour', the service has NOT seemed to be very "happy".We have gone a few times, and will go only if we have a gift card, or White Chocolate Grill is too packed. It's too bad, because I still think its a good value.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this establishment when the wife and I visited a few weeks back. We had a coupon for 2 for 20 and we decided we would finally use it and I must say the food was excellent. The ambiance of the place is magnificent.....our server was decent but could have been better.....and the Creme Brule I had for dessert was heavenly. We will definitely be returning....and hopefully the service will be better because I really wanted to give this locale 5 stars. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	The food is pretty good - but the variety is amazing.  This is a great place to go to when your party can't decide exactly what they want.   The portions are large, and the wait staff has been good to us every time we've gone.  I will be back.
5	Restaurant including restrooms - clean - checkWaitress - friendly and helpful - checkFood flavor - incredibly edible - checkPrice, acceptance of credit cards and ample free parking - checkThis place was by far one of the best I've been to and worth the five star rating. We were greeted and quickly seated, our drink selections were assisted by a very friendly waitress names Theresa and our order was taken efficiently with even more suggestions by Theresa. I might also add - Theresa made perfect suggestions.We had the Parmesan Encrusted Green Bean and Seared Ahi Tuna for starers and followed that with a Chinese Shrimp and Chicken dish that had all the right flavor, a Korean Chicken BBQ Kona, Thai Chicken salad and the surf and turf trio - ALL cooked to order and included some unusual requested alterations. A special shout out to Theresa who made our night out memorable and treated us like family - good or bad she made the place 5 stars!
1	I have never tasted something and had an immediate association with a movie until tonight.  The second the water hit my tongue I thought of Shawshank Redemption and knew that the river of shit that Tim Robbins swam through is the same water which was currently in the glass on my table. Just as concerning as the taste of sewer was the waitress's reaction when I told her that something tasted very wrong with the water and asked for a diet coke: she had none.  She didn't make any comment or ask me any question.  She said, sure, I can bring you a diet coke.  When she returned with the diet coke I inquired if anything in my glass from the pop to the ice cubes to the glass had at any point shared anything that could have been in my water.  She said no, almost cheerily.  To her credit she was like 17 and thinking of what she is going to wear to her prom, but WTF.The ahi tuna was dry as shit and tasted as though I was eating something that had an adhesive layer I was meant to remove.  I actually tried to remove part of it.  No adhesive. Sadly.This place is on my mother's "fabulous happy hours" list.  I never had any faith in this list, but as I was just visiting in the past I played along,  as she thinks that any place that has any kind of happy hour is fabulous.  Now that I am going to live here, no more.
5	Very extensive menu so good place to bring the family.  They specialize in wok style cooking so definitely check out that section of the menu. If you're not in the mood for that they have a large selection of salads (I love the Ahi Tuna Salad) and sandwiches. There is also a Build Your Own Burger (beef patty, chicken breast, gardenburger, salmon/mahi filet) option which is great. The kitchen is equipped with a wood fired grill so burgers/chicken/steaks etc have that great grilled flavor. There are several specialty cocktails on the menu, like the habenero lime margarita and black cherry mojito...YUM! Staff is friendly and well versed on the menu. Would highly recommend checking this place out!
3	The food was ok.  Service was a little slow and not very attentive.  I went with the family and the kids thought the place looked pretty cool but other than that they left saying they never wanted to go there again.
5	I read all the reviews and didn't think I would try this place out but my dad wanted to go so we went. Our service was impeccable (thanks Nicole!!) and the food was very good.  We had the korean tacos and the calamari and I have to say that the calamari was some of the best I've ever had.....tender and delicious.Lamb Shanks, chicken and shrimp, shrimp three ways and mongolian beef were all excellent.Give it a shot and see how it goes....we got lucky I guess and had a great experience.
5	Great time, Good Food!  Staff works their butts off and is top notch!  Ask for Angie
4	Good for a mid week business lunch, as it's a little quieter than most places. Food and service is good.
4	This place has such a cool mix of different foods. The happy hour is actually affordable. It's a great place to hang out with friends and great place to bring out of town guests.
3	I love the coconut shrimp appetizer.  The sauces are great and the shrimp is yummy.  However, they put a side salad on the plate, which is good to cut the sweetness of the dish.  However, it is literally a pile of dry lettuce.  It needs some sort of drizzle of balsamic / citrus vinegarette.  When I asked the waitress about it, she said a lot of people ask for dressing. Perhaps management should listen.
4	I really like this place.After eating here a few times, and loving it of course... The food is always great, the service is fantastic and the menu is wowzers, BIG.  There are many choices and it's fun to share and sample, as the food portions are large.In the summer, stay away from the beautiful semi-enclosed wooden benches in the back.  The air does not circulate well inside of them and I almost melted.Yay! I'm a fan!!!
5	I love this restaurant! I have been coming here for years (I grew up right down the street) and the service and quality of food have always been consistently fantastic. I frequent this restaurant for lunch and happy hour now since it is so close to work. I always try to sit in Nancy's section - she's friendly, takes really great care of her customers and has a lot of great menu recommendations. I have some food allergies and I am a vegetarian and she is always able to find something tasty for me whether it is on the menu or not.
5	This is a great place. For a chain it has a good mix of quality food, well made drinks by Angela, and an atmosphere that's clean and inviting. Angela is a terrific bartender. Makes excellent drinks, with excellent service, is personable, and makes our business meetings go smoothly. Stop by, ask for Angela and enjoy the best experience ever. (Food is great too) The Asian Chicken Lettuce wraps (with a terrific authentic cucumber salsa), the chicken tenders with a spice southwest sauce, the chips and dips, and sliders.... a great compliment AND... their potato skins with their chicken or crispy bacon.....  :-)  The management here cares about what goes out. And happy hour prices are terrific with some good savings on drinks and food.Been to many of their locations in various states but the one on Mayo and Scottsdale Rd in Scottsdale... the best!Don't miss this chance to relax and enjoy. Really.  Have i ever steered you wrong? Don't think so.
4	Food and drinks here are on point. Good happy hour.However I'm not fond of the bartender Angela who has serviced us.I've gone to this location several times with friends and we sit in the bar area, makes for faster and more casual service.I'm hesitant to score this place a 4 just because of her demeanor.She acts like she is doing us a favor by servicing us. I like a bartender or waitress/waiter to be funny and crack jokes but she just comes off like she's annoyed with our presence.Just to point out we are not a roudy rambunctious bunch, last time we were with my husband's parents. When Angela came to give us our checks she was eating something. I'm not well versed in restaurant health code but my personal opinion is that is unsanitary.
4	Food was pretty good and atmosphere was nice. We were greeted upon arriving and chose to sit in the bar area. Luckily we caught the tail end of happy hour which was nice. Our bartender was a riot. It's been a long time since I've had a server that is so straightforward and friendly (with dry humor). There was another couple next to us that were some of her regulars that spoke very highly of the service as well. Made our date night a humorous one. I think her name was Angie or Angela. Definable ask for her section. We will return.
3	There are no halves but this place gets 3.5... Great Happy Hour especially with the food.  My wife had the Korean tacos and it came with a margarita for $6.95!!! Tacos were good but not great, tortilla was not that great.  I had the lettuce wraps and they were delicious.  Chicken and veges were super fresh. If you want an appetizer get the buffalo chicken tenders, very tasty.
4	Enjoyed my lunch here at the empty bar around 1:30pm. I was hangin out with Angela, the misunderstood and salty, but very cool and sweet bartender. We get along just swimmingly and she hums a good tune too. Some dude who parked in a handicapped spot without a plate also got my wrath, but alas, this is about lunch. The bargain of the menu is the two chicken tacos served with an oriental kind of salad and chips and a smooth red salsa. The chicken is not chopped in this version, it is like a small filet and the tacos are loaded with some avocado and crema fresca and salsa fresca too. Healthy enough and service was quick with the giant round bar being entirely empty. The serve lunch specials til 4pm, so I can see wandering in around then for early dinner on the cheap if you skip lunch. Anyway, will be back to try these and others. This is a big chain, but it usually has been good to me over the years.
4	Always good. Great lunch spot, great food, great service.
3	Manager was nice as he comped my meal today. Chicken tacos were prepared differently with the chicken chopped, but that was a slight improvement over the full filet version. Some ingredients were missing though on this new version and the salad they served this time was a complete embarrassment. It was old wilted lettuce with no dressing as the oriental salad of last time disappeared. Angela was still nice and chatty and the bar was 100 percent empty again, so it was good to see at least that didn't change.
4	The food was great the service was average. I ordered an appetizer a big salad and a meal all top notch. Everything was cooked properly and delicious I can't wait to be back.
4	I've been here multiple times and have had different experiences every time. The service is ok. It could be better but that doesn't really bother me since every time I come here i'm usually not by myself. The food is really good but the prices could be a little better. The portions are really big (like The Cheesecake Factory) so sharing meals is probably a good idea if you are coming here with any little kids. Other than that this place is easy to find and there is always tons of parking. I've never had to wait for a table since i've only been here for lunch so that's a plus.
4	This is great. Angela is a terrific bartender. Good drinks, excellent service, personable, and makes our business meetings go smoothly. Stop by, ask for Angela and Enjoy the best experience ever. (Food is great too) - don't miss this chance to relax and enjoy. Yum***********************************************************************I hate seeing good places get in trouble but....alas EB has closed. It seems they are closing many locations which is a shame as they've been a standard for decades. Good luck everyone in the reaming locations.
3	Great service. Good food. I liked our server a lot. The citrus chicken was delicious. Our favorite is the teriyaki chicken and five spice chicken.
