5	The Melting Pot is one of my favorite restaurant chains ever. Mostly, because I love fondue. I am a foodie, and this restaurant has a wonderful selection of meats, cheese, and dessert options. I recommend the Bananas Foster Fondue for dessert and for the best bargain I recommend the "Big Night Out" if your in a group of two because it includes the cheese course, the entree course, and the dessert course all for $89 per couple.
4	Located in Boca Park at the corner of  Charleston and Ft. Apache.  Accross from Office Depot.A great place for a fun night out.  Be it an intimate dinner for two or for a large group like our entire office, the Melting Pot is a fun and delicious way to spend an evening.  Honestly, even at a bare minimum, expect to spend at least three hours there.We went for one of the the pre-made combinations called "The Big Night Out", since it had everything that we wanted. Filets/Duck/Lobster YUMThe combinations consist of three courses.- The Appetizers - a selection of fresh veggies, breads and cheeses with your choice of fondue using a variety of cheeses.  Cheese on Cheese... it's such a delicious crime YUM-The main course - Consisting of fresh meats(Filets, Chicken, Duck) and possibly seafood(Lobster, Shrimp, etc) depending on which combo you ordered. And your choice of stock.  We went for the coq au vin which is chicken broth with scallions, red wine, etc.-Desserts - We went for the Yin Yang, which is a variety of brownies,marshmallows (Graham Covered/Oreo Covered) and fruits.  The best part is the fondue consisting of white and dark chocolate arranged into a Yin/Yang symbol.  Awesome presentation.Our server was extremely helpful as this was our first visit and patiently and humorously explained everything to us.One thing that made my eyebrow raise though is the fact that they charged us the full adult price for my 8 year old nephew.   So just be aware of this if you are planning on bringing kids.If I recall correctly the combos are about 75$- Reservations are HIGHLY recommended.  As mentioned earlier,  dinner here takes a few hours, so they can only serve a few groups per night.- This place is always a great date idea if you want some guaranteed quality time toget to know your partner. (Just make sure you can entertain her/him for the entire 3 hours or else it'll be torture)- To complement the Yin/Yang dessert, they also have a Chocolate Martini that is also presented in Yin/Yang fashion.
5	I can't wait to go back here.  What a great time for a date or a small group.  The set menu is definitely the way to go.  Very rarely do I walk out of places saying "What a f--king great meal!  When can we go back?" but this was definitely one of them.
4	I've dined at "The Melting Pot" @ Boca Park several  times now and I do enjoy it.  The experience is very unique.  But plan on being there for at least 2 hours.  It's not cheap either.  But I think everyone should try this restaurant at least once.   My family and I enjoy it very much.  The food is delicious and the service is good.  They are always busy.  Best of all, you can make your reservations online.  Fondue is not for everyone so don't go if you like to eat in a hurry or with a large party.  But if you want a truely different dining experience, try The Melting Pot.
3	when i'm too lazy to pull out my own fondue, we go here.we recommend the lobster indulgence on the big night out menu.  the tale begins with a pot of truffle oil induced cheese accompanied with bread, veggies, and apples.  a bowl of salad with kalamata olives follows.  then, a bullion base filled cauldron with a good dose of wine (coq au vin).  this is where the steak, two tails, chicken, pork, and shrimps come in.  and, last, but my favorite, a vessel of yummy chocolate with alcohol!they have a decent wine list.  but, if you don't want a headache thinking about it, like me.  i recommend that you take on the flight.if you go with in a group of four, be sure to ask or the double burner table with your advance reservation.
4	This place was soooo cool. We did the Big Night Out, which consisted of salad, cheese, meat and dessert. For the meat we did the Fondue Feast (Filet Mignon, sirloin steak, chicken, pork tenderloin, shrimp, ravioli and rigatoni), which was really good. At first I was skeptical about the whole cooking process -- this was my first fondue experience. But I am still alive so the stuff did cook! Best part: Disaronno Meltdown for dessert (white chocolate and amaretto). YUMMY!! I would definitely recommend this place for the food and experience. It was a bit on the pricier side. We just happened to drop in without reservations about 30 mins before closing (unbeknowest to us), and they were gracious enough to take us anyways. I felt bad because we kept our waiter like an hour past closing but he was so cool about it, we left him a huge tip. That's the other thing -- if you do the various courses, it takes TIME, so you're not gonna be in and out in an hour. Overall, great ambiance and food!
3	Only go for dessert or the cheese fondue. The main entree is a rip-off and not good. The ying-yang chocolate fondue is heavenly.
5	I went with a group of seven. I went with people had already known what to do so it was easy. So i'm passing the tips to Yelp.To start for a group, like ours, the Bignite meal which normally serves two.. will work. You get the cheese fondue, the salad and then we added on two platters of meat and the chocolate paradise(as i call it) It's weird having to cook our own food, but then if a hair got in it, i know who to blame :) :) I also ot the ying yang Martini and me and the boyfriend couldn't help but savor each sip. The duck, heavenly, the chicken in the batter was even better.The bailey's irish chocolate was the best and the service was excellent.This place is best with friends and family because the food isn't served quickly, and nor should it. It was great having fun with friends and great food. ALSO THE service was fantastic! OUR server was the best. He had two tone hair color. I can't remember his name but the best. Also it isn't for the cheapies but there are ways to get discounts like restaurants.com :) we got 25 dollars off. The boyfriend says it's made of awesome.. so there guys. That's for you.Also the decor and setting is low light and modern. Very clean. :)
5	Came here for my 30th Birthday, it was a great choice. Our server was Ed and he was truly terrific! Plan to drop at least $50 per person, I think it's well worth it. Also, if you're in a hurry don't even think about coming here, takes at least 2 hours of your dining pleasure... You got your cheese fondue, your salad, the main course, then here comes dessert. The dessert is the very best part of the meal, everything is high quality and tasty as hell. The rice crispies dipped in milk chocolate has to be my favorite, WOW... you will absolutely love it. The cheese fondue is pretty good, the salad is like the filler, you don't really need it but it tasted good. The sirloin marinated in balsamic vinegar is the bomb! The little sauces they provide gives the meat & seafood a nice touch, experiment with your dipping sauce and get a new flavor sensation in every bite. I sound like a freakin commercial, anyway, it's a nice place for "special occasions" When you stop by the Summerlin, Nevada location on Charleston, make sure you say hi to Ed and ask him to do the "stank leg" for you... lol he'll know what you mean.
5	The Melting Pot's of Vegas/Henderson have closed :-(.  This sucks!
5	I should have written this review a while ago. Took the F there for her birthday in late January. Fantastic.Everyone from the hostess to the manager wished her a happy birthday on her way in, they had a birthday card waiting for her on the table, and the waiter knew it was her birthday as well. This restaurant has the most put together staff of anywhere I've been in a while. The waiter rivals the one from my Maggiano's review, and will be mentioned more later, but I really believe you won't be treated better in any Las Vegas restaurant then you will be in The Melting Pot.I've never been to a Melting Pot before but she had so she explained the menu before we went. They have a meal called a 'Big Night Out' which is a 'course' menu; a cheese fondue, a salad, an entree fondue, and a dessert fondue. When we went the traditional menu was supplemented with an Alpine themed menu, which gives an additional option for the cheese, salad, and dessert course, but we were encouraged to pick and choose what mixes we would like from the traditional menu as well. Quite nice. We went with the Alpine menu's cheese and salad course, the court bouillon entree cooking style, and bananas foster dessert. I thought the cheese course was very good. If you opt for the Alpine cheese course be sure to try the pickles in the fondue. It sounds odd but was one of the highlights of the meal. The salad was acceptable but we decided we would probably go with a different choice next time. The entree was fantastic, and the dessert was one of the best we've ever had. We rarely order dessert but it was well worth it here; if you're also the type that usually passes, make this the exception.Again, service was excellent. Our waiter was spot on, very polite and attentive. Able to answer all questions and he made some great recommendations.  I don't recall them having liquor or beer, but they have a very nice wine list. I was able to find some liquor on the dessert menu which was a nice surprise. They've got a fair selection of cordials, cognacs, and brandies and a nice collection of scotch, if that's your thing. I'm not a scotch man, so I'll have to take my father here and report further.Obviously, if I haven't said it enough, this was a great night out, especially considering it was her birthday. A great restaurant with a great staff.
4	Been here twice for the full experience. Once for a gal pals birthday in Rancho Cucamonga, Ca.Another time for our anniversary at this location. Few times for dessert.Did big night out both times- comes with a salad, cheese fondue, a entree with various meats and seafood and veggies with a cooking pot of liquids/spices to cook meat in, and a dessert fondue. I find this fun. I like to do japanese shabu shabu so the entree cooking is real similar but I see that its not for everyone though specially people who dont quite know how to gauge how done their food is get frustrated or grossed out by this. They give you a lot of flavor options and to me some dont work- I like to cook in coq au vin and dip mostly veggies and seafood in the various sauces, marinated meats I eat rather plainly. BF and I enjoyed doing this and we were sooo stuffed, uncomfortable even from all the food. I recommend at least for people to do the cheese or dessert as those can be appealing to anyone. I love the dessert pots here and would come just for the dessert. I really like the disaronno one- amaretto with white chocolate and they rotate new flavors and some have been very good.
5	I came here with my boyfriend the other week for dessert for the first time.It was very dark inside the restaurant. I actually thought the place was closed from the outside since it was so dark. I liked it, it had a very private setting. The tables were very private as well, you don't even really realize that there are other people seated around you.Since we came for dessert it was pretty easy to decide on what we wanted, so we just ordered the regular YinYang Fondue which was $28 and was half dark choco and half white choco and a lot of dippers. It was all SO delicious. The chocolate went so well with all of the dippers. I guess the only dipper I didn't like was the marshmallow, but that's only cuz of texture. I totally want to come back here as soon as I can. The staff was also extremely nice and welcoming with smiles on their faces and lots of greetings. We got our dessert right away too, we barely had to wait. I really loved it here, I can't wait to come back!
3	This place is good, I am not doubting that at all. The only thing you have to consider is the price. For a party of three we all payed almost $100 bucks a pop. This was for everything including wine and desserts. A bit pricey. Also, do not forget that this dinner will last you a good 3 hours as you guys go through the whole shebang!!. It is a good place to go for special occasions.
4	Cheese and Chocolate and everything in between!  They were closed for a while, sure glad they reopened.  Great date spot or to share a family style night with friends.I always say that I should only come here for the dessert but somehow always get roped in for one of their combo meals.  Really I could just go for the Cheese starter,skip the "dinner" and go straight to dessert.Dinner portions at the melting pot always scares me because of the cross contamination thing and "boiling" protein in the same pot...In addition you get full off all the protein and have to miss out on the pound cake dipped in chocolate.A little pricey but it's like teppan, your paying for the experience.
3	Came here when I first moved to Vegas five years ago.  Thought it was a fun experience (since I never had fondue and I love cheese), food was alright nothing special.  It is a little pricey for what you get.  I felt the items you dipped in the cheese fondue were not the best quality.  The best part of the meal was desert.  Haven't been back since, but I guess it's something to experience at least once.
4	This place is excellent for a group.  Expect to stay for atleast 2 hours.  An ideal dinner there includes cheese (the fiesta is my fav), a salad, your entree, and chocolate fondue for dessert.  I recommend getting the turtle chocolate fondue.  The garlic and wine seasoning is good for everything.  They provide you with probably 10 different sauces for your main course, but I normally stick to the green goddess sauce.  I usually dump the potatoes and veggies in the pot and leave the steaks and other meats in the broth for approx 2 mins (depending on how rare you want your steak).  The amount of food they give you for your main course looks very little, but you will be stuffed in the end.  Overall, the food and ambiance was excellent.  Good place to take first dates.  :)
1	I can see why they closed for a while. probably will again soon. We tried to eat there. It was 6:10 pm, we didn't have a reservation. There was no line, nobody waiting and only two tables with people at them. Never the less we were told it would be minimum of an hour wait but probably longer. I understand that it is a slow paced dinner, but that is ridiculous. needless while we were deciding where to spend our dinner money not one other person went anywhere near the restaurant. I've eaten at the melting pot in other states, it wasn't ever that great to wait over an hour for, but at least they knew how to seat their customers. At least I won't feel the need to go back.
5	I love the idea that you get to watch your food as it melts or cooks until your liking. Must try the dinner for two: salad, cheese fondue, entree, & dessert. This is a place worth experiencing.
5	Excellent food, good atmosphere and great service!  The waiter was very attentive, but not overly so.
4	I have been here several times, and it never disappoints.  The servers, as usual, were very friendly and extremely helpful.  They spent a lot of time describing the menu and helping us order for a group of 6.When you come here, be prepared for AT LEAST a 2 hour meal.  It might go faster if you skimp on the number of courses.  We had all four so it took us awhile.  We had a cheese, salad, entree, and dessert course.Since we are a group of 6, we had up to 2 choices of cheeses as well as cooking styles for the entree later on.  Both cheeses were good - the spinach and artichoke and the special from the Big Night Out - which had a whole brie in it! Cheese are served with bread and some veggies.I liked the mojo, and the coc au vin would probably have been better had the alcohol form the wine (poured in at the table) cooked out.  We picked out 3 a la carte entrees, and that was plenty for 6 of us.  We, after all, had to save room for the dessert.Dessert is on a separate menu and there's a lot to choose from.  Since we were all pretty full, we just got one large dessert (instead of 2 regular sized) to share.  It comes with marshmallows, cheesecake, strawberries, bananas, pound cake, and brownie.  The chocolate was flambeed (oooh, fire) and was totally yummy. (We got the one with marshmallow, I cannot remember the name of it).I'll be back. It's usually a once a year type event for me. :)
3	The four courses big night out menu is good value and a good try.  The first course is cheese dip (melting cheese in white wine) veg.  If you like sharp, choose their swiss.  The second is salad, you can choose any salad they have in salad menu, I chose the California salad, which is really good.  Their default salad has beet and egg, not my favorite.  The third course you have three choices, meat meat meat.  Difference is, meat, or with 1 lobster, or with 2 lobster tails, with veg and several sauces.  I feel the blue cheese sauce goes with beef really well. There is a free soup base, and two other with extra charge.  The last was the best, their desert.  You can choose any chocolate base, we chose the Yin and Yang.  There are white and black mush mellow, crispy rice, cheese cake, and the last not least, the strawberry, which we found the best dipping in the Yin and Yang.  Next time, I will only order the desert, like Anthony M.
1	I heard some good things about this place, my honey took me for my birthday after Christmas and I was so disappointed. First thing we decided we did not want "the big night out" when we ordered just cheese the Waitresses attitude totally changed to a snippy rude attitude maybe because we weren't getting food...The things to dip in the cheese were horrible carrots that were too small to poke, bread that was old and crusty and apples that were soggy.I would not go back to this place ever; we will make fondue at home for cheaper :) I didn't get the chocolate that everyone raves about because we were so disappointed with the cheese.
5	The Melting Pot really never disappoints..For our last visit, we got the four course option.The first was the cheese fondue.  We ordered the option from their special French themed menu.  It was a mix of Brie and a few other fancy sounding cheeses with bacon and truffle in there.  It was served with the customary bread, apples, and veggies.  This cheese option was just OK.  However, I'm not gonna deduct any stars just because I'm not the biggest fan of the cheeses in this fondue.  I would definitely ask the waiter for a recommendation when it comes to the cheese.  We usually do, however, the guy who took our order didn't seem to have the knowledge/experience of their usual waiters.  He was quickly replaced by a more experienced waiter when our cheese came out.  Apparently, he was a busboy that is training to be a waiter.  Anyway, always ask for a recommendation with cheese.  On previous trips, we had plans to order the special cheese and our waitress recommended against it and offered other choices that were popular.  Try the mexican style cheese fondue it's definitely the best!  Gourmet nachos!Next came the salads, which also don't disappoint.  My girlfriend and I always order the house salad with house dressings.  So good!  My sister got a caesar and my mom got the house salad with the peppercorn ranch.  They both liked their salads as well.  Although we decided last time not to order entrees, because it was just too much food, we still got them this time.  You have to get the Coq au Vin oil/seasoning/broth mixture to cook your entree in.  It is by far the best option.  On all of our other trips, we would get the mojo which is a citrus/caribbean option.  The broth makes all the difference because it alters the flavor of every dish.  The mojo is good, but only if you don't mind the citrus flavor in every dish.  We ordered two of the special fondue fushion options.  This is the best option if you are interested in ordering all four courses, because it comes with more choices on your entree plate and costs about the same as ordering a la carte.  It came with lobster, filet mignon, ny strip steak, chicken, duck l'orange, shrimp, and these little raviolis.  Every single option was delicious and well marinated/seasoned.  The sauces also go better with the entree options when you use the Coq au Vin.Last but not least, we got the original chocolate fondue.  There's not much to say, but this is perfection.  They seemed a little cheap with the dippers as they usually come back and ask if you'd like any additional.  We asked for some bananas and the waiter seemed a little stingy when he offered to get some.  But that's ok.  It's still delicious.
4	Melting Pot is a great place to go with friends. If you do the "Big Night Out" (which I highly recommend), your experience will be between 2-3 hours. You get to choose a cheese fondue for your first course, with veggies & bread for dipping. Each person gets to choose a salad (I miss the old mushroom salad, but the new one is good). Then a cooking style for your main course (Coq a Vin is delicious, and the regular boullion is not bad at all). And lastly, you choose from a chocolate fondue for your dessert plate, all are delicious!If you have 6 people you end up with 2 burners, and you can choose 2 cheese, cooking styles & chocolates.Drinks are a little expensive, and the food is slightly overpriced, but in my opinion you are paying for the experience. Good times!
2	Wasn't really prepared for a 2-3 hour dining experience; however, I decided to "trip the light fantastic"  This place was low-key, dim lighting, private booths, but....bread was stale, carrotts and veggies weak, beer/cheese fondue o.k.  Deep fat fried meat, don't know what cardioligist would say.......but I thought it sucked.  Save the fondue experence for France.  Should have gotten the whole enchillada with three courses, but I would have fallen asleep waiting for the food.  Wife and I went out to eat someplace when we were fnished.  If I go back, I wouldn't do it.
5	The PERFECT date night dinner........in my ever so humble opinion! On my first date with my husband, which was practically a BLIND date, he brought me to the Melting Pot. I had never been there before because I was the epitome of the BROKE college kid, and had succumb to the realization that I probably never would. When his invitation arose to join him there for dinner, I was beyond words EXCITED! As a female, you'd think I'd be fretting over what to wear that night or how my hair looked, but not I. I was worried about devouring massive amounts of food.......I had heard all about the goodness, and God knows I LOVE TO EAT!!! The lighting is very dim, creating a romantic ambiance, and the booths are SMALL.........you have no choice but to get close! Each table is equip with one burner, so if you're not a sharing person, this might not be your cup of tea! We shared the BIG NIGHT OUT.....it consisted of a cheese fondue, salads, entree and DESSERT. Holy heck, that was A LOT of food! I seriously could have stopped after the cheese fondue, but then the salad arrived and it looked so fresh and appetizing. After pacing myself, the entree portion was placed in front of us. There was a variety of veggies, meats and seafood to choose from, plus six or so dipping sauces! Dessert.........my absolute favorite part of any meal.........didn't disappoint! Different varieties of chocolate to choose from, plus pound cake, bananas, strawberries, rice krispie treats and brownies! *Let me take a moment........................SIGH!* I love this place! I love the atmosphere.......I love watching my food cooked in front of me.........I LOVE THE FOOD..........it's simply just GREAT! We don't get back often enough, but that's alright by me. Eating like that should only happen during the holidays! :)
5	Wow, what a great experience. I have dined at The Melting Pot several times before, but had not been there in a while. We ordered the gluten-free 'Big Night Out' and it was awesome. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable in the "gluten-free area" and it made our experience that much more enjoyable. He was very friendly, kind but not at all intrusive. Highly recommended -- it's the perfect date night spot.
4	Considering how little food you actually get.... yes, you could say the Melting Pot is overpriced.  But let's face it -- you're paying for the experience as much as (if not more than) the food.  The waiters are extremely knowledgable and professional.  And the whole cooking-your-own-food experience is really fun and different. If you want a romantic dinner that is guaranteed to last at least 2 hours (probably more like 3), you can't ask for a better place.  Make sure you request one of the little corner, 2-seater booths!
4	You wouldn't believe this if I tell you that this is definitely the PERFECT family restaurant, great for kids!  Well, if your kids are cheese fanatics like mine are...oh, and I guess I should add that they are also chocolate fanatics as well, but what normal kid isn't a fan of chocolate?We dined here on "Mommy's" birthday, and although everyone touts this place as being very "romantic" and "perfect for date night," I will have to admit...we looked beyond that and thought of the kids first.  They completely enjoyed having to dip their own food into the cheese fondue and more!The Melting Pot is an amazing restaurant that really defines a great dining experience.  Don't dine here if you are looking to feast on some heavy dishes.  Come here for the great interactive experience of dipping your bite-sized morsels into a variety of fondue to capture this experience popularized by its origin countries of Switzerland and France.We chose the prix fixe menu, their 4-course Big Night Out menu.  To start, we had their Spinach and Artichoke Cheese Fondue made of Fontina and Butterkase Cheeses, perfect for the kids.  It is accompanied with fresh bread, apples, and vegetables.  The second course is their salad course.  We chose their Shrimp Ceviche w/Avocado Salad...tasty, but a bit on the over-dressed, tangy side.  Next was the entree course.  We requested the Lobster Indulgence which included 2 tails, NY strip, chicken provencal, white shrimp, duck a l'orange, and a ravioli (or potsticker).  If that isn't enough, you can order more a la carte.  We chose the Mojo fondue which is a citrus, garlic and cilantro flaired bouillon w/Caribbean seasonings.  Had the kids not been there, I would have opted for the more traditional Coq Au Vin fondue...always love me some red wine!  And of course, lastly, the dessert fondue!  Dark chocolate w/a bit of dulce de leche and a sprinkle of Fleur de Sel, or sea salt.  Truly decadent!  Choices to dip?  Strawberries, bananas, pound cake, brownies, cheesecake, rice krispie treats, and oreo-crusted and graham cracker-crusted marshmallows, were all inhaled within minutes...mainly by the children, of course.  Did I mention that this place is a perfect family restaurant?Their wine list is also amazing, nationally recognized as one of the best in any national restaurant chain.  Mommy & Daddy were able to say *C*H*E*E*R*S* w/a bottle of Old World Red, 2005 Rioja Reserva, Marquesde Riscal.  Very smooth!Service is upscale and very friendly.  Although a bit pricey, my husband and I, along with the 2 kids, enjoyed our dinner and celebrating our special occasion here.  Highlight of the night was my son constantly raving this place to be 5-stars, 6-stars after he had the dessert.  My reason for the 4-star rating is simply this:  I'm a fan for this dining experience, but I don't think this is a place to dine often enough other than to celebrate a yearly occasion.  Yet, I have to say that The Melting Pot is truly spectacular!
5	This was a great experience to be had! There were 4 of us that went and we had a fun time playing with our delicious courses. I have to say of you have not tried it here you are missing out. The dessert portion was delightful and the steaks and fish were great! We will revisit this place again.
4	Good food, Amanda is awesome server but lighting is awful.
4	This place is pretty cool. It's expensive but I love it. My husband and I went and did the four course meal. First we got a salad, then an appetizer of cheese with bread, apples and vegetables to dip into it. Then we got meat and cooked it at our table. Then we had dessert; we did the salted chocolate and to dip into it they gave us: bananas, strawberries, cheesecake, rice crispy treats, pound cake, oreo marshmallows, and graham cracker marshmallows. I would come back here but I would just do the cheese (appetizer) and the dessert. The salad was good, but not anything special. And the meat was fine, but it was more like stew, and you had to be sure you cooked it enough. It's a pretty cool place, it does take a good 2 hours if you do all four courses, but it's fun.
5	I seriously love this place.  Where else can you spend 3 hours just eating???  My wife and I have been coming here for the last 5 years and have never left disappointed.  Kevin was an Awesome waiter very friendly and knew he answer to every question we had in regards to the menu.  Once again we left full and happy.  Make sure you call in your reservation ahead of time and plan on spending a couple hrs. eating.  If you like privacy like I do they have some couples booths in the back of the restaraunt that are the best if you ask nicely they'll save one for you with your reservation and you won't have to deal with lost patrons walking past your booth looking at you.  The food is phenominal and its just an all around good time. Can't wait to go again
4	It's been a long time since I was able to get over to this place but I can say that it was a fantastic meal.  The food was great, service was spectacular and atmosphere very hip.
1	If you want a proper meal, dont go hereIf you want good delicious food, dont go hereIf you want your food to be freshly cooked for you, dont go hereIf you want to feel hungry after your meal go hereIf you are a vegitarian, you will like it hereIf all you like is smelly unauthentic cheese, go hereIf you read this whole post, you get my point
5	I LOVE THE MELTING POT!! I don't "heart" it, that's lame. I LOVE IT!! I ate here for the first time in 2007 and totally enjoyed the whole experience! The inside is so not what you'd expect from the outside of the restaurant, and that's a good thing!! It's dimly lit in the dining area, which sets the mood if you're there with your sweetie! But good for a group also! After years of yearning to return to The Melting Pot (even though I saw one in Portland, OR the 3 times I've been there with my sister...she never wants to eat there!), I finally got to return to their Summerlin location and introduce this lovely place to my BF. We decided to get their Big Night Out 4 course meal and change up the options. For salads, he got the house and I stuck with their Latin theme which was a shrimp ceviche salad. Both were excellent, but I liked my salad the best! For the cheese fondue, we switched the queso cheese for their spinach artichoke cheese fondue. It came with carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, cubed bread, and cubes granny smith apples. Soo yummy!! Our main dish (I forget what it was called) had lobster tail, filet mignon, shrimp, 2 other meats, and ravioli. The broth we chose to cook them in was their garlic one (I can't remember what it was called!). But everything was soo delicious! Of course the waiters tell you the suggested cooking times for everything, but we quickly lost track of time! Dessert was switched for their Cookies and Cream Marshmallow Dream, which was made with dark chocolate. The dippers it came with were: cubed rice krispie treats, cubed pound cake, strawberries, marshmallows, and pineapples...soo good!! ps: the first time I dined here, I was able to make reservations via OpenTable, but not anymore :( You can still make reservations online through their website, though! Our server was very nice and helpful, he was very patient with us while deciding what to eat and drink! I got the wine pairings for the Latin Big Night Out meal - and they were all pretty good. I must say - I do love the personalized napkins they have in their bathrooms - they're soo thick and of good quality!! And the mints they give you with the bill and have upfront are also good! We also bought 3 bottles of their garlic and wine seasoning for our families, which my sister said goes really well with mac and cheese!
4	The Melting Pot is always a great choice for a relaxing romantic dinner. We went last night and got the Latin Big Night Out. We started off with several delicious drinks, which are not too expensive. We got the Swiss Cheese Fondue to start. Yum! Comes with apples, veggies and bread. Then we both ordered the California salad. You could almost make a meal out of just those two items. We got the Fondue Fusion and it came with Filet Mignon, Lobster, Chicken, Shrimp, Pork, and Sirloin. We ordered the mojo cooking style which is a citrus and it is good! It also comes with red potatoes and veggies. The server brought out about 8 different sauces. All good! We ended with chocolate turtle desert fondue. So good. Warning, if you don't want to cook your own food, dont come here. If you are in a hurry, dont come here. If you dont like fondue, dont come here. If you dont like simple preparation, dont come here. Other than that, I love melting pot. The boothes are secluded and it is nice, romatic and good.
4	We went there for my husband's birthday. I made a reservation online on their website the same day. It was very convenient. The atmosphere is very intimate and romantic. Staff was friendly, our waiter was polite and professional. We decided for the 4 course menu and had traditional Swiss cheese fondue (the kirschwasser was a little too bitter for my husband. I liked it, but since I have lived in Switzerland and have had real Swiss fondues there its kinda hard to impress me;) lol). The mushroom and spinach salad was ok, nothing special. The entree was by far my favorite. There was ahi tuna, shrimp, teriyaki beef and thin slices of steak, and chicken, plus fresh mushrooms,  broccoli, and potatoes. The chocolate fondue was pretty tasty as well. I asked to substitute marshmallows for extra strawberries and they brought us an extra bowl of strawberries. I thought that was nice. And there was a birthday candle on the cheesecake for my husband. The experience is a little pricy but well worth it. Will probably go back for another special occasion.
4	HERE WE GO!!! So this place is pretty much amazing great food great staff and just an amazing experience for a fondue restaurant the only thing was it was a little pricey but it was my b day and my loving amazing and so talented and beautiful and successful wife took me to enjoy some foods of the Gods =) so we sat down and ordered the 4 course dinner for 2 and we started with a very bitter cheese fondue and i wasn't impressed thinking this was a bust i lowered my standards of the restaurant and was surprised by the main course it consisted of steak shrimp chicken and teryaki steak ...so good =) and last but not least our chocolate fondue was impressive as well fruit and cheese cake and browny bites for your dipping pleasure
4	Expensive, but worth it for a special occasion! I enjoyed it thoroughly, and was totally filled up by the end of it.
1	Growing up, fondue has always been a tradition on Xmas Eve, something my mom reminded me and my dad when we were contemplating where to go after church on Saturday.  I've been there before and knew that they give you A LOT of food so I recommended we get a Wisconsin Cheese Trio and one entree (that comes with a salad).  We ordered drinks and waited.  And waited.  The waiter finally came out with the cheese plate after I hit the hostess stand for some candy to get me by.  The cheese was excellent, especially with the bread.  I was temporarily mollified with cheese and waited for the next course (Land and Sea).  And waited.  A person brought out a dirty pot and assumed that was an acceptable way to serve a very expensive entree.  I asked for a new pot and another person felt it was acceptable to wipe the pot with a dirty rag.  Rolls eyes.  The meat was good but not as much as it was in the past.  No dessert and we still rolled out of there full.  I was advised not to complain (bad karma) and left quietly.  Will not be back.  Hopefully a competitor of Melting Pot will hit the Las Vegas scene.  There were a few back in my hometown of MI that were just as good.
3	Don't really know how to rate this place as somethings are really good and some not so much.Took the gf here for our 3 year anniversary the day after Valentine's. As you can imagine, it's been 3 days of feasting since we both had to work Valentine's so we celebrated a day early and then of course had to eat on Valentine's and now here to complete the trio.Gf's favorite meal is shabu shabu, so Melting Pot is the fancy equivalent...or so I thought.Got the Four Course Special:1) Battled between the Spinach Artichoke and the Fiesta...gf won out with the Spinach. But I liked it too. Was starving and wiped the fondue stainless bowl clean. 4 starsNote 1: pace yourself, it's a marathon not a sprint.Note 2: the cheese gets progressively hotter the nearer you get to the end.2) GF chose the spinach mushroom salad, I chose the Big Night Out monthly special salad, basically 1/4 uncut lettuce with gorgonzola cheese and bacon. Liked mine, loved my gf's! 5 stars3) Then came the land and sea. :/ Loved the concept of dipping meats and seafood. Picked the red wine broth. Really didn't add any flavor to the protein. And the cooking style was truly a compromise.  1 star.4) Wow, dessert is melted chocolate. Need I say more? The best were the brownies the worst were the marshmallows but is there really a worst, not really, it was just in comparison and because I don't really care for marshmallows other than at a campfire and even then, it's for the fire show rather than the taste. 5 stars.Average it out: it's a 3 star, with a heavy weight on entrees. If this was a dessert and appetizer place, it would have been a 5 star!Service was knowledgeable and professional, though could feel our server winding down for the night as we were one of the last tables. But definitely still very pleasant service!
3	Waaaaaay too expensive for what u get. I had the Valentines Day menu, so I am assuming it was more limited than at other times. The environment was the best part of it, so private and intimate! Very romantic! The experience of it is unforgetable. But me being the foodie that I am in a city of options...I think I will Fondu at home. Oour bill was more than $200! And they slaped a 20% gratuity onto the bill! There are 5 star places on the strip I could have gone to for this price or less. Great, caring people work here, a huge plus anywhere. Overall, liked it, have better options to spend my money on next time tho.
2	We went on a friday night. We were told they were booked solid and made reservations. Place was empty all night. No one but us and one other table. Friendly staff and good food but the wait time was unreal. After ordering we waited 30 mins between food deliveries. Total time in restaurant was 4 hrs 30 mins.Price... rediculous. Entrees get you 5 pieces of meat the size of a quarter for $25-$30.And you have to cook your own food and you leave hungry.Three of us and the bill was $459
4	This was a really great dining experience for me and my group. We had the four course classic menu with a cheddar cheese fondue, house and Caesar salads, the mojo fondue cooking style for our entrees, and a classic chocolate fondue. The four course menu is set for parties of 2 so we ordered 2 sets. Unfortunately we weren't able to select different types of fondue per set because we were all seated at one table. This was unfortunate because two members of our group were not adventurous eaters so we stuck to the basic/classic fondues. On the bright side however, because they didn't eat any of the seafood entrees me and my "date" got to have double the amount of seafood!It was really fun spearing and dipping and cooking your food in this community pot! Occasionally we'd have a "man down" call and have to go fishing for lost pieces of meat or veggies and that person would get a TON of cheese or chocolate on their food.The prices were a little high for the amount of food but what you're really paying for is the experience. Our waiter was excellent and we let him know that we were in a bit of a hurry. He let us know that fondue dining tends to take a little longer than a normal meal but he managed to keep the meal paced quickly. It's definitely a great place for a date or to celebrate a special occasion! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Had my birthday dinner at the Melting Pot last night.  Tried the Big Night Out with some modifications.Sam Adams Beer cheese fondue was to die for.Filet, shrimp, lobster and chicken were tasty in the Mojo cooking style-- didn't really care for the mix of the Memphis pork in the Mojo.Opted for the Cookies and cream dessert-- delicious.  Perfect ending!Took a REALLY long time between courses so I think we too were caught in the "last customers in" slump but our server remained courteous and attentive.Looking forward to celebrating there again sometime.
5	I take my wife here every year for our anniversary, and I do not share the experience with anyone else. But I'll let you in on this place, since you're my friend.
2	For how excited I was to try this place out, I left disappointed. I would say this is more of a "date; or lets get to know each other VERY VERY VERY well" type of spot. My girls and I decided to do dinner there before we go clubbing one night. Dinner reservations were set at seven giving us more than enough time to eat and go for drink after.. For starters we got seated at about a half an hour after seven, the service took ages for each courses to come out, and the course sizes were a complete disappointment leaving more than half of hungry. Dessert was the best part of the meal, but for 18 dollars for what you get, it was not worth it. And biggest surprise of all was how they divided the bill amongst us. Some of the girls decided to get separate courses and share, and when the bill arrived they automatically charged per individual rather than per item like stated on the menu. Long story short we all left paying $60+ for a meal that left us hungry and disappointed. And what made it even worse is that we did not leave the restaurant till 10:30pm!!! That is how tediously slow the service was : (
5	Big night Out was fantastic!  My GF and I try to make it to at least 2 of the menu changes a year, so we can try all the different goodies they have.  :)  Make sure you bring an appetite, because its a 2 1/2 hour marathon of eating four courses.  You're usually throwing in the towel by the time you get dessert, but then that platter comes out, and you're like ".........I've got it in me!"Its expensive, so if you were planning on eating for 50$, go to friggen Applebee's.  Quit complaining, its fine(ish) dining.  :)
5	I love dipping stuff in melted cheese or chocolate! It has been a few years since I have been to a Melting Pot. It is often pushed to the back as a special occasions type of place. That does not mean that I do not try to find a reason to come, but after they shut down the one on Eastern, the idea of fondue slipped away. I was reminded that there was a second location in Summerlin and it was perfect because one of my old professors lived on this side of town. With convenience for her in mind, my friend and I drove out here for dinner with her.I had forgot to make a reservation on a Friday night, but we were seated as soon as the whole party was present. As a party of four, all we wanted was the cheese and chocolate course. If you are starving then the Big Night Out is the way to go. Two courses was more than enough for us. The portions of sides to swirl in cheese is minimal. It is nice that the servers have no issue with a request for more veggies, bread, or granny smith apples. The same about portions could be said about their desserts too. With chocolate, I have no issues of ladling the chocolate straight into my mouth though. A few hours later, a full stomach, and some wonderful conversation left us all in a place of joy. Now to plan another special event.
5	The food here has always been delicious. I mean, come on, bowls full of cheese and chocolate to dip things into? How can that possibly go wrong?!?! I wanted to write this review a bit more about the service we got.We planned a mini date out, just my better half and myself with out the kiddies. Calling the Melting Pot at 9pm to make sure they were still open until 10pm (as promised on the website) and sure enough the phone said so too. We show up and there is a sign on the door apologizing for the inconvenience as they were closing at 9pm... 15 minutes prior to our arrival. Devastation. Babysitters already planned and payed, kids safely tucked away at home, and our first real date in a loooooong time crushed.I know what you are thinking, "why did they get 5 stars if you were so devastated?!?"Well, I will tell you. The manager (Zach) was amazing. I wrote a letter explaining in detail our complete devastation. He apologized thoroughly and said they could not get the message to change when they would be closing. He then treated me and my husband to dinner to ease our suffering. We were able to use the money we would have spent on dinner to pay the babysitters to come back and watch our kids. He came over and greeted us at our table and had Chris take care of us. The service was impeccable. The food was amazing. Overall, LOVED it! We will definitely be going back when we get the chance. I really felt like they gave a hoot about us.Tip about the meat:Before when going to the melting pot we didn't pay attention to the length of time they suggested for the meats. We figured we would be able to tell and our food was always overcooked and average. This time we listened to Chris and the food was all perfectly cooked. So when your server tells you how long each thing should be for... LISTEN!
5	This is a really fun place - great for a date, because the booths are high and semi-private. Also, you get to cook food together, which is cool if the conversation dies. Of course, I always go there with my bff, so we're never short of people to talk about, er... conversation. The meals are served in courses: cheese, salad, main and dessert. You don't have to do all four, but seriously... why wouldn't you?The cheese course is served with bread cubes (white and dark), raw veggies and granny smith apples. You can pick from four or so different cheese combos that your server will prepare at your table, complete with a well-rehearsed warning not to burn yourself on the steam table or fondue pot. Salads are pretty straightforward. The house dressing is rather sweet, so if you're not into that, stick with vinaigrette or bleu cheese. The main courses are great - we usually get a mixed plate of raw meats both seasoned and unseasoned. All are fresh and delicious (chicken, filet, shrimp), and they come with broccoli and mushrooms and eight dipping sauces. You will also need to choose from flavors of cooking broth. I've tried Cajun and coq au vin - both very nice. At this point, you will receive another friendly PSA about eating raw meat (bad) and burning yourself (also bad). Dessert? Three words: white chocolate caramel. There are other choices, but I've never ventured past the pot of gooey melted heaven that you get to dip marshmallows (coated in graham crackers or Oreos), Rice Krispy squares, pound cake, cheesecake and various fruits into. Nobody will judge you if you just use your spoon and eat it from the pot, although in your frenzy to get it all, please remember to let it cool!Even the coffee there is divine. Be forewarned - you will easily spend money at this place. My friend and I left last night poorer by nearly $125. Is it worth it? Oh yeah.
4	Been here about twice and the service is always great. I absolutely love their broth, but just wished they had a little bit more to their menu.
4	Lovely date setting! I did the Femme Fatale event that includes four courses for $32... cheese, salad, meat, then dessert (simply put). The spinach and artichoke cheese fondue is absolutely to die for... it was my favorite, especially with the bread! I'm not a huge salad fan, but I heard they're good enough to take a trip to the Melting Pot just for that. You get chicken, steak, shrimp, potatoes, and broccoli to cook in a broth. I picked Caribbean Mojo, which was also very delicious. Then came dessert (if you weren't already stuffed)... I tried the special White Creme Brulee chocolate. Again, amazing! They give you strawberries, bananas, brownie bites, marshmallows, cheesecake, and pound cake... I might even be missing something. Man, it was a feast for the senses! However, I thought the 3rd course's broth was going to be included with the meal; we were charged $12 for the pot. Other than that, it was a great experience. The service was pretty good on the Monday night that we went. I would certainly go again!
5	We love going in for an appetizer, house salad and dessert.  It is a fun night out!  Be sure to request Troy V as your server.  He is the best and will make it a night to remember!
5	All 4 courses are amazing!
3	We went here for my birthday dinner. We called earlier in the week to make reservations and check happy hour times. My friend spoke Ashley the hostess who told her happy hour was from 5to 6 and the last hour 7 days a week. WRONG! on saturday we got there just after 5 only to find out that happy hour on Saturday and Sunday is from 4-5. The hostess was so rude about it and my sweet friend is a force to be reckoned with. The manager honored the happy hour price for the food which was a very nice gesture but the hostess from the very beginning was not at all apologetic she was extremely cold and rude. Like she was pissed that the manager had helped us out. She sat a table next to us and was all smiles and sweet as can be. Unfortunately this is the only melting pot in Las Vegas, and it is a wonderful date spot. I will return only because the manager was so helpful our server was sweet and the food was good! But please know your Hostess is the first impression of any business and as a person who has hundreds of options on where to spend my money when it comes to dinner her impression matters!
4	Love the food and is the better thing u can get during the winter ;) fat n warm.... The appear terser is great with all the cheeses;) the main course is ok, and last but not least the dessert-- dark chocolate with nuts!!!! I can drink the whole pot, Really!!! Lol highly recommend!
5	Service is awesome! Apple martini is so good! This is a for sure date spot to make your dates panties drop! :)
4	It's about $150 for 3 people with two rounds of drinks. If you really like cheese and chocolate than this is the place for you. But I found that the entree selection was a bit limited for the true foodie. The strawberry salad was delish though. Desert was simple. Just dip everything into chocolate.
3	I've eaten at 3 or 4 Melting Pot locations around the country, and if I had been on yelp 7 years ago, I probably would have given this place 4 or even 5 stars.  The evening is fantastic, it takes about 2.5 hours or more, and it's a great pace.  You are never in a rush, and it's certainly a different way to dine.So, when we went to Melting Pot last night, I was troubled to learn that the menu had changed.  The Big Night Out which we had shared so many times was gone, replaced with a more a la carte ordering system.  You order by the person now, still having to share the cheese and dessert courses with the table as a whole.  Already, I was annoyed by the change in the menu.  THEN, I open the wine list to find fewer than 10 wines by the glass in white, even fewer in red, and only a page of wines period.  This is much, much less than Melting Pot used to have. I pointed this out to our server, and she informed me I was correct, the wine list had been paired down significantly.  Apparently the decision was made to simplify things.  Of course, I imagine stocking pricier bottles was not paying off, and I certainly understand a restaurant needing to make changes based on the bottom line.  But, it certainly affected my meal and will affect my decision whether to come in the future.The meal was a solid Melting Pot meal.  We had the Wisconsin trio, an excellent blend of cheeses.  We asked our server to go heavy on the blue cheese and garlic, and she obliged in spades.  Excellent flavor.  The cajun platter and lobster fusion were next, and while good, the meat course left a little to be desired.  I feel like the portions are smaller, but I can't prove this.  I will say the shrimp was the favorite meat, and that's saying something when we ordered a dish with steak and lobster.  A tip if you eat here, put the mushrooms and potatoes in IMMEDIATELY.  The potatoes still weren't completely cooked by the end of the meal.  That's always been an issue with Melting Pot.  I would think there is a way to fix it, but I haven't seen it yet.The dessert was the star of the meal.  We had the white chocolate creme brulee.  White chocolate with caramelized sugar drizzled on top.  Excellent, very glad we tried the special dessert.  My favorite in meals past was always the main course, but today it was the desserts.  I'm not saying we won't come back to Melting Pot, but the chances are much slimmer than they were yesterday before our meal.
1	TOTALLY OVERRATED AND OVERPRICED.CONS)1) They lost our reservation after making it on the internet and calling.2) We then got seated in our OWN room that was basically DESERTED THE ENTIRE NIGHT with very little help.3) WAITER TROY acted like we were the biggest annoyance of his night?? Right from the very beginning.4) 20 minutes for 4 sodas and 1 drink from the bar.5) Once we got cheese, wait like 30-40 minutes to be asked if everything was okay.6) Daughter never got refill on soda - had to ask some random person standing out in another room. Also, never got my ice water, how hard is that???7) Waited again like 30 minutes AFTER cheese just to do CHOCOLATE.PS - never take you toddler here - unless you and your little one can handle a 3+  hour MEAL FOR 2 COURSES!!!!8) Basically asked for check as soon as waiter brought chocolate - knew we'd never see waiter again.  We were right he came to COLLECT+++$170.00 for 2 courses -- 6 eating chocolate, 3 salads, and 4 eating chocolate.BIGGEST RIP-OFF around for the amount of food.PROS)  Good chocolate with yummy dippers.Unfortunately - we won't ever be back to this Las Vegas location.  I predict it too will close, just like the Henderson one did.  If the service stays that bad, how could it not.Sorry Melting Pot for the review. Super let down for us after planning it weeks in advance for our traveling company.
4	My wife and I had visited the location in Orange County, CA several years ago with some friends.  We were recently given a gift card for the Melting Pot and had the opportunity to go to the Las Vegas location.  The resturant is quite small, when we arrives at 6:30 on a Sunday it was full, mostly couples.  We ordered the 4 course meal. We started with the spinach and artichoke dip, then salads.  For the main course we both ordered the steak lovers (we were alread full).  You get about  6oz of meat with the entree.   For dessert we had the Flaming Turtle.  Over all the food was pretty good, the dining experience is what most people are there for.  Service was a little slow, it took 3 hours from the time we were seated until we paid the bill.  We were out of there for about $115 with tax and tip.
4	Have a reservation! I think it would have probably been unlikely for my husband and I to just walk-in and be seated immediately. Also, DO NOT be in a hurry if you plan to eat here comfortably. We were here for 2 hours! But it was a great and unique experience. I've never had fondue before, and I really enjoyed everything. We got the spinach and artichoke cheese dip to start, which was great with the bread and veggies, but a little weird with the apples. Our salads were very good, but very small (a good thing considering it is a 4 course meal). The meat dishes took the longest to go through because you get 3 skewers to use, and it takes 3 minutes to cook each piece of meat. But by the end of it, you barely have any room for dessert. We chose the chocolate and peanut butter fondue, which was an excellent choice, but I only had a little of it because I was so full. Over all, I really enjoyed everything, my only gripe comes from our waitress mixing up our cheese fondue so aggressively, she splashed my arm with the hot fondue and didn't seem to notice or slow down. We will be back though!
5	I really don't have anything bad to say about my experience here. I went last night to have a quiet evening celebrating my best friends birthday. We were waited on by Thomas and he was superb. I went here a few weeks ago just to get dessert and he was my waiter then as well. It took awhile for him to come to us in the beginning but once you see how hands on he is with everything that goes into your meal it is understandable and acceptable, especially when there are many decisions to make regarding the menu. Dinner was fantastic. We had the Wisconsin Trio, salads, a Pacific Rim and Classic entree, and the classic chocolate peanut butter dessert. This is the perfect place when you want to sit and talk and have a nice discussion because you feel like you are in your own little room. With that being said, make sure you like the people you go with because it can be up to a 3 hour affair depending on your own pace. We stayed for about 3 hours and greatly enjoyed the experience.
5	Let me start by saying that this is my girlfriends favorite restaurant and she insists on coming here for all special occasions.  I too appreciate their delicious and decadent fondue preparations.  To my knowledge, there is nowhere else in Las Vegas serving what they are serving at at The Melting Pot.  Our favorite course is the cheese one, where you dip various vegetables and bread into a selection of melted cheese.  Cooking meat in hot liquid is not really my personal thing, but its still pretty good.  And then there is the desert course...various delicious tidbits that you can dip in melted chocolate.  All in all, I highly recommend this place for its unique dining experience, atmosphere and all around quality.  Reservations are a must.
4	I love the melting pot! I wish they had like local specials (they have industry specials).
3	Good food and service and the Groupon we had made it that much better.  The concept was foreign to me, but the waitress was super friendly and explained what, why and how she was  doing everything.  We only had the happy hour items, but the food was great and we plan on returning for dinner in the near future.
5	Love this place! Food and service are always spot on. Me and my boyfriend used to go once every six months to try the new big night out. We are curious to get out and try the new style dining experience.
4	What an incredible evening! A bachelorette party of 10 ladies came here on Saturday night and it was fantastic. The service was very attentive, the pace was just right, and the food was delicious. We all got the 4 course meal and shared 4 bottles of wine. The experience lasted 3.5 hours and was absolutely mah-velous!
4	Great place for fun dessert! Love how quiet it is making it good for conversation. It's also very interactive which is nice. A lil pricey but overall a good treat.
4	Our waitress was great about explaining the menu.  We tried the 4-course meal. I would definitely recommend only getting appetizer salad and dessert. The main entrees were not so good. I didn't like cooking it myself. The cheddar appetizer was awesome! Definitely get the premium add-on dippers. Salads were fresh and a good intermission to the saucy stuff. We had the flaming turtle for dessert which was in one word AMAZING! We were celebrating our 8th wedding anniversary and they were so sweet to give us a plate with chocolate covered strawberries.
5	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and it was absolutely perfect. The atmosphere is very romantic, and each booth has high walls to make for a very private dinner. The waitress was very helpful and it was very hands on. The dessert was the BEST! I definitely recommend this place.
5	I've been to this place twice with my wife. the ambiance is nice, quiet and very romantic. the food is fun as you dip meats, veggies, cheeses and fruits. this place is perfect if you'd like to get a little piece action after dinner..2 thumbs up and a BIG smile!..
5	Our waitress Saki was very bubbly. I love bubbly people!! I lived everything about this place, mostly the dessert of course!  I don't recommend getting the duck though, that was the only thing I didn't care for, everything else was A+
4	The service wasn't thy wonderful, but the food was spectacular. We ordered the 4 course meal and had a wide variety of food and flavors. The Flaming Turtle chocolate fondue was by far the best flavor. We will be coming back!
2	Portion sizes and price simply don't  compliment each other.  The quality isn't the greatest, and if you ask me, it should be for the price you pay!  I learned how easy it is to make Fondu and we never went back!  Overall, nothing impressive, overpriced!
4	Great fondue time with new friends - company Christmas party
3	Our New Years Eve tradition.   This was our first time visiting this location.  Luckily we were able to make our reservations pretty close to last minute.  Arriving, we were greeted by the most monotone girl who wasn't happy to be working New Years Eve.   I get it but at least crack a smile.   We were seated immediately but as I sat down, there was a dirty napkin still on the seat.  Hmm.   I had to hand that to the girl right away.  Looking closer at our table, it was still dirty and needed cleaned.  Yuck. Even after we left, our jackets had 'leftover' food on them from the unclean table area.  Not really happy about that. Our waitress was shortly over to our table explaining the special menu they had for the evening. After making our choices and drink orders, she was back quickly to prepare our cheese fondue.  Absolutely delicious.  It had a nice blend of cheese, onion and bacon flavors combined.  This was served with rosemary and french breads, apples and veggies.   It's always great dipping each of these into the cheese blends.   The salads were also delicious.   Pear with crumbled blue cheese and almonds tossed in a vinaigrette.   Fabulous.   It was small but you really didn't need anything larger with all of the food yet to come.  The entree was loaded with cracked pepper filet, bbq pork,  honey chicken, mahi maui, jumbo prawns and gorgonzola saccetti.  You could add lobster tail for $15 but this was definitely enough food already.   The entree was mouth watering.  Plus the entree is served with potatoes, broccoli and mushrooms.   Yum!With all of that food in our stomachs, there was still the mint chocolate fondue to devour.   Their chocolate fondues are accompanied by a plate of various desserts to dip including rice krispy treats, brownies, marshmallows and fruit.   I really shouldn't have eaten it but it sure was tasty!  During our meal, our waitress wasn't really up to par.  My husband had ordered a drink which must have slipped her mind.  She later came back and asked again if he wanted another.  By that time we were done with our meals.  I understand it's a busy night but come on man...  I guess my rating would've been higher if there had been better service and cleanliness.  The food... still great!
3	Rushed us w/ the bill:We were in the area and decided to dine here if we could get in.  We walked in around 5:30 on a Friday night and they were able to seat us without a reservation.  There were 2 tables w/ people besides us when we first arrived. They opened at 5pm.We have been here a few times before and knew exactly what we wanted so we ordered everything right when we sat down.  We did not have any questions about the menu--our order was very simple and straight forward.  Two iced teas and two house salads w/ tangy dressing.  We ordered the pick three for two with all Teriyaki Sirloin, 1 order of sausage, (which was 4 slices) and extra potatoes.Half way through the meal our server asked if we would be doing the chocolate course? We weren't sure at that time so we said No.  He said "I will be right back w/ your check."  A few minutes later he dropped the bill.  We weren't even done cooking all of our meat.  I usually decide if I want dessert when I am finished with my meal not halfway through the main course.  I understand there may be some extra prep work and they would like to know about dessert so they can get going on it.  No need to drop the bill so prematurely especially because the place wasn't even busy. Maybe he was mad we weren't raking up a huge bill.  We have done the Big Night out option a few times before and learned exactly what we do and don't like.  We usually end up with way to much food.I understand it's a slow place to turn tables over and they don't want you there all night but c'mon? We were quick to order and not eating super slow.  It really irritates me to feel rushed like that.  We finished cooking the last pieces of meat and got a to-go box for them.  The time my bill was printed was 6:02pm.(see pics) We were there maybe 40min. max start to finish.  40 min. is quick for The Melting Pot which is supposed to be a "slow paced" dining experience.The food was really good.  Teriyaki Sirloin has lots of juicy flavor. Love the 6 different sauce selections and the garlic salt. The salad size has decreased since the last time we visited.  Our iced teas hardly had any ice so we had to ask for a glass with ice so we could put ice in our teas. Overall not the best experience.  If we were dining for a special occasion I would be really unhappy.  Since it was just a Friday night out I can deal with the issues but won't be rushing back anytime soon.  I thought I would be giving a 5 star review tonight but we were actually quite disappointed. : (
3	The first Melting Pot I ever went was in Denver, Colorado and the food and service were amazing. Unfortunately the service here in Vegas is horrible! My drink was knocked and the red love Martini drizzled down my leg and inside my boot by our waitress and there was NO apology!!!.  No comp drink,  no extra napkins,  pretty much she shrugged it off like no big deal. The food was really good though,  the company I was with was Amazing and so are the drinks,  apparently even the one on my pants and inside boot....
5	This is the perfect place for couples who want an intimate night of food porn.  There is nothing sexier than a night of slowly feasting on morsels of meat, vegetables, bread and sweets, each dipped in cheese, bouillon, and chocolate.  I won't take anyone here except my spouse.  We religiously come here each year for our anniversary, and we're never disappointed.  Service is discreet and perfectly timed; you never feel as if you're rushed.  There are many other places to eat in Vegas, but non as worth every dollar you spend.
1	This place grosses me  out.   A pile of raw nest to share and I have to "cook" it myself?    I know people love the concept but I'm just not a fan.   Aside from being bland...   There was no art to it.Fun night for the girls?   Maybe.... If you drink enough.Culinary experience?   NOT
5	Excellent service, superb food and a very warm and personal attentive experience.  We had the surf and turf 4 course which was worth every cent. Thank you Thomas who was our server great and attention detailed server which makes your dining experience even more spectacular.  I loved the food and have been suggesting to friends and family.
3	I have been wanting to come to this place for years. So, i figured what better wayt to spend my 32nd birthday.I was so stoked and made reservations for four a few days prior. I even signed up through email to see if they had any specials. Low and be hold i received a complimentary coupon for 6 chocolate covered strawberries. Sweet!! i was off to a good start!!!My husband and I arrived 15 minutes early before our guests to scope out the menu..The items are kinda on the pricey side. But, I figured what the hay! You can only celebrate your bday once..right? Upon my guest arriving come to find out we all were new to this experience. The food kinda lacked seasoning and was in very small proportions. Our food took quite awhile to cook. Needless to say don't come here hungry, cause you will leave the same way you walked in. I've realized this is more so for like heavy socializing . All and all i did enjoy the experience just wouldn't come here with a large party again.I believe this experience would've been excellent but our waitress lacked personality.  She barely engaged in any convo.
4	It's always a fun experience to come here. It has a great atmosphere and it entertains my two yr old.
4	I love the Melting pot. Been several times and to other one across the country basically from sea to shining sea.  So the food her is pretty good. The quality is pretty on point. The California salad is amazing I can't lie. And cheese and chocolate you can't go wrong. So now it's time for me to address somethings I've seen in other comments. To the people who are concerned about the raw meat... Are you touching it with you fingers? Also the same person seemed upset that they had to cook their own food... What did they think fondue was? This isn't hibachi. Just be safe and don't cross contaminate and cook the chicken through, this doesn't take long. As far as prices go. Yea it costs a decent amount of money but I'm sure everyone knows that before they come. Some of the meals are like $40-50 a person well guys that's fine dining prices but you actually get 4 courses. Also if you're there and you want more order it! You're already dropping cash might as well go all out. Lastly if you're broken you probably shouldn't make this your last meal before you get paid again. But yea the prices are a little high but you're paying for the experience and decent quality food. And the food portions aren't that small! Last time we went aka March 10 2014 we were offered more veggies bread apples and dessert dipping items. Lastly if you want to try it and eat more go when they have the $39.99 steak and chicken dinner 4 courses and like unlimited meats during the 3rd course.
3	Good service and tastie food, but on the pricey side. Fun place to dine out with someone special or with a group. For sure try the house specials, yummy. Just be prepared for the bill. Two people easily cost 100 bucks. Pricing makes no sense.
5	I love this place! I have been here many times and each time I explore the menu a little bit more. Here is my ideal 4 course meal: (1) the classic alpine cheese; (2) the California salad, but add strawberries; (3) the land and sea entree with the Mojo fondue; and (4) the flaming turtle chocolate fondue dessert.I originally used to order the Cheddar fondue. However, it is kind of bland. I like cheese so the stronger taste of the Classic Alpine was perfect for me! If you're on a date, ask to sit in Lover's Lane. It is a private row of booths that are secluded from the rest of the restaurant.I absolutely love this place. The only reason I don't eat here ALL the time is because I would gain weight. 5+ stars!!
5	The Melting Pot is my idea of comfort food. My husband and I have been to other fondue restaurants and this place definitely gets it right. We have been to 3 of their chains (Las Vegas, Pasadena and Thousand Oaks). They offer 4 courses and I don't think I've selected a bad one yet. The best thing on the menu is their cheese fondues. They offer an interesting variety of dippers like green apples and broccoli. For the main dish, they have great sauces but my favorites are the green goddess and the curry. Yum, I get hungry just thinking about it.
1	Just had a question. Wanted to know what time their happy hour starts and ends. After going online the their mobile website I confirmed they have happy hour everyday. What time it tsarts and ends is not listed. Tried to call the restaurant and got a recorded answering advertisement that went on way too long. Hung up the phone without talking to anyone. Screw you. I will take my business elsewhere.
5	Wow I went here recently for my birthday with some friends and they have really stepped up their game. We started with the seasonal cheese which contains goat cheese and it was amazing then we had the salad the pear and Gorgonzola salad was amazing. Then we had a French cooking method and the food was fantastic finally for dessert we had again the seasonal chocolate which had orange liquor it was amazing we coupled the whole thing with a bottle of wine and we were pretty tipsy when we left.  This is still a really fun thing to do and I highly recommend it.
2	Me: For the price and what you get, there's a reason we forget about this place. First, I couldn't get a reservation when I called. They were full in found an opening online. Snagged it on the way there since we were en route to try our luck at a table anyway. When we got there, they had our reservation and seated us immediately. The place was virtually empty! It was about 6 pm on a weeknight. The ambience is nice and the idea is great but the execution, or rather MY execution of basically boiling or soaking my food in hot broth or not-hot-enough oil, left every bite either washed of flavor or over/undercooked and also left me wanting to go out afterward for a proper dinner. The cheese and dessert fondues are the only saving grace for our 2-star review. Would definitely come back for just dessert fondue, but not again for dinner. Him: Apples and cheddar get half a star but even the cheese had a spicy, bitter alcohol flavor. It's also not too saucy--too much flavor and too cheesy. The apples make it so it's not too intense. The dessert fondue is amazing. I would give it 3 stars here for that. For dinner, I remember I tried everything but I don't remember any of it. I don't remember except it was bad. I guess it was so bad I don't remember it.
2	Worst service I've ever had. Went here for our 7 year anniversary and asked for a booth since almost every table was empty and they told us that they had booked all of the tables for reservations. Which would have been fine but we got there at 7 and left at about 9:30 and all of the tables were still open. No new guests! After complaining to the manager (who was being rude) he came back 20 later saying someone had "canceled" (how convenient) and moved us to a booth. I don't even understand the point in treating us like crap. We end up spending more money because we have two steam pots. I likely won't be returning.
5	I was treated to dinner at the melting pot for my birthday. We made our reservation and then the day of needed to change the time. The hostess was very polite and accommodating. We had a great time at dinner. The menu leaves you with lots of options that you can customize. The dipping sauces for your meats are flavorful. Dessert was fantastic and my favorite was the Oreo crusted marsh mellows. The atmosphere is very intimate and perfect for dates. It may appear to be over priced but our take is that the experience with the right person really overshadows the cost. We found it to be affordable so no complaints from us.
4	Really enjoyed the fresh chocolate covered strawberries they prepared as a birthday gift!
5	This is our favorite special occasion restaurant, especially for Valentine's Day. Just be warned that there is a set menu and prices are higher on V day. The food is beyond delicious.. the dessert is to die for. It's very romantic and relaxing. We look forward to going any time we can.
5	Yum. I love fondue. There are so many choices here. You can't go wrong. Keep in mind this good is rich!
4	very nice place. the food is pretty good but its more of the atmosphere you are going there for. They took a coupon I had that was only supposed to be good in Arizona. I would suggest just doing desert if you are not sure if you are going to like it. Desert was easily the best and most amusing part of the meal.
1	Not worth the money. I'd rather do this at home with a bunch of friends it would be way more fun.
1	Food was good. It was my mom's birthday. Service, however, went from fine to non existent to worse. Went almost thirty minutes without our server (Ashley) seeing us. During that time, we were out of drinks and the oil got so hot that it was bubbling and popping - enough so that a blob of hot oil burned my finger while it was clear back near my plate. What did the server do? Nothing... She was nowhere to be found. We called for her and she did not come so we called for the hostess who seated us to come and turn down the oil. She kindly did so, brought us refills and apologized.When Ashley finally showed back up, we told her about what happened and without apology, her first utterance was to correct us and tell us that the hostess was not a hostess, but actually the manager. She then went on to explain that she got assigned another table clear on the other side of the restaurant. After she disappeared again for a while, the manager/hostess came back and my mom suggested that they consider placement of tables for a single server a bit closer together. The manager went on to explain that they do that on purpose so you don't have to hear all the explanations over and over as new people are seated around you. We mentioned that the consequence in this instance was almost thirty minutes without any service. We had to listen to several more excuses such as how they staff based on the number of reservations, the high number of walk-in customers they had that night, etc. She asked what she could do to make the visit more enjoyable (isn't that YOUR job to know... given that restaurants are a service industry and you are the manager?)After that, Ashley seemed pretty mad. She dropped off dessert at our table and was effectively giving us the silent treatment... No explanations of what any of the bite sized desserts were or any of the usual pleasantries. She provided only a caution that when the level of chocolate gets low, it might be extra hot, then ran off. The bottom line? Expect the same good Melting Pot food here as you would at other locations.... Just not the same good Melting Pot service. We paid over a hundred dollars for dinner for two to be left to our own devices with a pot of hot oil and have to listen to a laundry list of excuses why the service sucked. And perhaps most importantly... Don't roll the dice on this place for a special occasion. Awful service can certainly put a damper on someone's birthday! I spent the whole ride home trying to get her mind off of it.
3	The food was ok, and they had good deals for happy hour, $6 for cheese fondues and deserts, tried 3 different cheeses  some salads and some chocolate for desert and all were good. The three stars are for service, as soon as we told them we were sitting in the bar for happy hour the smiling staff turned the smiles upside down. We had to specifically ask for the flyer that outlined the happy hour deals like it was some kind of secret. And the waiter was visibly annoyed we were ordering single portions of lots of little items so we can try more then ordering a big thing or two. I know this creates more work, but that's why the wait staff is there, to work, plus the place was maybe 15% full, so not like a lot was going on
1	Where do I start... If you are looking for a fine dining Restaurant this is not the place to eat! I used to work as a chef in 5 Star restaurants, and when I go out to eat I expect to get the same quality food for the price. Since this is a chain restaurant, the quality has probably gone down hill over the years and that includes not only the quality of the food but the type of servers they hire as well. My husband and I ordered the four coarse meal for $40 per person and that included a small bowl of diced stale bread, raw cauliflower, broccoli and carrots and Luke warm cheese for dipping. Second coarse was a starter salad Third coarse was the main meal if you want to call it that, which included a plate of low grade quality raw meat.... They offer you chicken bouillon to cook it with, which tasted like top Ramen, so I know for a fact they don't make their own stocks. Once cooked, which takes a while to do, since the liquid is at a low simmer, I was still hungry after eating, since they offer a small portion of meat.I was so irritated that we did not even stay for dessert and our bill was over $100 If you are looking for quality food and a fine dining experience I would suggest going to a quaint family owned restaurant that  has integrity and passion for what they offer and genuinely cares about treating guests to a fine dining experience and not ripping them off!
5	This was not our first time here but we have not been in a long time so we chose this for a much needed date night. Our waiter was great. He did not hesitate to strike up conversation with us while he mixed our fondue together. Very attentive in checking on us for everything. The food was yummy. This place involves a little work on your part but that is the fun of the experience. We had a great time and look forward to coming back again soon.
5	Absolutely delicious. A must try. The Land and Sea plate consists of filet mignon, and white shrimp. The dessert fondue , Peaches and Cream, to die for. And Amanda The Manager Is Amazing!!!
4	I went here last Sunday for my graduation lunch with my family. Regularly, we wouldn't be able to afford a regular meal here with the whole family, but..... on Sunday, they offer a very reasonable $21.00 three course meal for lunch. Which was a steal for Melting Pot! We had a party of 6 with a 4 year old. They were very accommodating to our very picky child in the group. Our waitress was great, it felt like she had an answer to all our questions and she was pretty fast with all our requests. For the 6 people, we got two fondues, the Alpine and the Spinach Artichoke. Each person got any salad of their choosing. I got a pear gorgonzola. Yum! For the meat, they had a selection of different sliced deli meats. Very yummy with the fondue we got, but almost seemed liked we were shorted on food. They brought out 3 trays that had 3 slices of different assorted slices, when asked where the other plates were, was said that each plate had two meals on it. Which I thought was odd, seeing as why would there be an odd number of pieces of each meat. 1.5 pieces per person? Odd. but whatever, we were getting a great price, couldn't complain. Now the best part of the meal....dessert! Once again, we got two choices of the fondue. We got the ying and yang and the flaming turtle. So good. The only bad thing was my dad is allergic to chocolate, so he couldn't enjoy the full dessert extravaganza. They brought out a huge platter of sweets to dip in our dessert fondues. YUM! It was definitely the highlight of the lunch. Overall, was a very enjoyable experience with a few hick ups here and there but the staff and food was great!
4	Love this place! Fondue is not just a meal but it's an experience. If you go there, make sure you have at least 2 hours to enjoy the 4-course experience. I went there with a group of my friends last night we seated about 8:30pm and we left almost 11pm. Feel bad for the server that they had to stay later but they never rush us. Our busser was hard to find though. I'm not sure because it was late and she left or what. But overall it's an awesome and fun meal :)
4	The best parts about this place are the beginning and the end.  The cheeses are all fantastic and interesting.  The dessert is absolutely incredible and really the highlight of the meal.  Don't fill up on overcooked mediocre meats, save room for the insane chocolate covered everything!Overpriced for having to cook mediocre meats on your own and not knowing how to cook in broth without a timer and so many pokers in the pot.  But, it's a fun experience.I will not go for dinner again (entrees are just so so and insanely pricey for what you get) but I will go just for dessert some night, it is THAT good.  I would only give 3 stars if the chocolate fondue wasn't so amazing.
5	This place has become my top three favorite restaurants. Everything about this place is great. Honestly, it's fun and delicious. You have to try it. It's honestly not that expensive, and the food is phenomenal. The staff is extremely nice, which makes everything a lot better. Check this place out please! It's amazing.
3	I love the melting pot, this is by far one of my favorite restaurants. However, we came back for another great experience but this time the food portions and the service were just ok. Throughout the years the portion sizes are getting smaller and smaller. The service was ok but it used to be excellent. It took so long to get our entrees between each other and I was so surprise that we had to wait that long. Overall, the melting pot still provides you with a great dinning experience. I would recommend the Wisconsin trio cheese and the flaming turtle, there were amazing! I would recommend to make reservations during the weekend. Tip of the day: if you sign up for the fondue club you will receive periodic promotions, including free chocolate covered strawberries!
5	First time ever at this type of restaurant and had a wonderful time! Took my gf there and we both enjoyed it! Great food, fun time and also had the best server ever! If u go there make sure u ask to sit in Tiffany's section she is awesome!
1	Giving 1 star because of the rude service we encountered. We didn't even stay for the meal. This was our first time at The Melting Pot. We were asking our server questions & he was extremely rude. I have never had such horrible customer service where I've walked out.
4	I would have loved to give this place 5 stars but the service was a little awkward. In the span of 10 minutes we had three new servers with no explanation what happened to the previous one! The third server that we ended up with was very nice and sweet but again it just seemed very disorganized and confusing to me.My husband and I were visiting Vegas for our wedding anniversary and I always wanted to try this place out. The ambience is romantic and the food was delicious! Like others have mentioned the appetizers and desserts are the main attractions here. The food overall was expensive but it's all about the experience. I loved that they wrote Happy Anniversary in chocolate on a plate. I definitely look forward to my next visit!
3	I really wanted to L O V E this place, but the food just didn't do it for me! I think I only liked this place was because of our server KATRINA she was absolutely fantastic! Always smiling, explained everything, sweet and just nice and made conversation. Let's first start off with me calling the place to make a reservation, hostess over the phone seemed a bit clueless on to what a reservation was?! She seemed confused when I asked her a a simple question. But Whatever didn't really bug me. We walked in and the place was really dim (I guess trying to set the mood) we really didn't see other customers because the booths were very closed off (again to set the intimate mood) this didn't bother me. We sat at a booth and I have to say the seats sucked, the seats were so low It was positioned in a way to where I could not reach the fondue pot. Fondue pot was way out of my reach next to the corner. I had to reach over and had my knees to the seat to be able to dip my food, and see what was going on. Food: we did the 4 course since it was our first time. Cheese fondue was good, I enjoyed the salad over the entree, entree the classic with shrimps,Pork, steak, chicken. We added the Coq au fondue broth which was additional $4.95 not worth it. Server totally sold me... But it wasn't good i could taste too much of the red wine. As soon as u you dipped your meat in the fondue it lost all it's flavor and I swear all I tasted was the red wine vs everything that was in there. The server prepared the fondue for you and explained. The dessert was ok we got the "ying and yang" white and milk chocolate, came with an assortment of desserts for dipping such as fresh fruits, brownies, pound cake, marshmallows. I felt like it tasted cheap or they serve cheap food, but the bill oh no not at all. We spend 120$ 2 people 2 4 course meal+ 2 soft drinks+Coq au add on+ one espresso. Honestly we should have shared ONE 4 course meal. This place to me was more for the experience, don't come here if you want outstanding food. Just come here for either the cheese fondue or dessert fondue and skip the main entree fondues!!
5	Well we really weren't sure how you could get full having a fondue meal but I have to say we left full and satisfied.  Our server, Jose went above and beyond to explain how the menu worked and gave the best recommendation as well as how to cook our meal.  The food, atmosphere and service were above par.  We'll definitely be back.
4	This place has such an adorably cozy setting, especially if you have a party of just two. The other booths are somewhat standard, but the two top booths are super private and comfy. I surprised my boyfriend with dessert for his birthday here, and the fondue was super yummy and we were impressed with all the different desserts that came with it. Our waitress did not refill our water once sadly and took awhile to get our check or check on us, which is why I felt the need to knock off a star. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend, but I hope the service improves.
5	One of the best birthday celebration dinners I can remember. Our group of 6 started with the cheddar/beer fondue & the traditional Alpine. Both came with enough dippers - 2 kinds of bread, cauliflower, broccoli and carrots - to satisfy our need for melts, delicious cheese. We opted for the broth and coq au vin cooking liquids.  Even my hungry bear of a husband had to admit he was having fun cooking his proteins and trying each of the dipping sauces (green goddess & curry were the big hits). Our salads were just the right size & very well dressed. The finale, a dark & dolce and a turtle fondue, put our table over the gastronomic edge. The brownie, blondie, marshmallows, fruit & rice crispy treat dippers were plentiful and delish!  Definitely a place that's fun & different. Our waiter, Jose, was chatty, attentive and added to the festivities.
3	Staff was professional and personable. The food was average. The experience was fun. The price for the evening was not worth it. I would return if the prices were a bit lower. This place is over priced for what you get.
