4	This is a decent fast food style restaurant with tex-mex style wraps, sandwiches, grill entrees, soup and salad.  The food is quite similar to other fast food wrap places like World Wraps.  The distinction is that they have a sauce bar featuring more than 10 different kinds of dipping sauce for the seasoned potato chips.  The potato chips were made from real potatoes, baked not fried.  So they were not oily but very hard and dry.I ordered the Spa wrap, which includes Grilled Zucchini, Yellow Squash, Red Bell Peppers, Carrots, Spinach, Feta + Balsamic Vinaigrette.  It was filled with all of the mentioned ingredients for $7.99.   I thought the wrap was good, although a bit dry.  But you can put it whatever sauce you want from the sauce bar.  A good place to go to for a cheap, quick and healthy bite (esp on the Strip).
4	Since I wrote about Tacone in Tustin, CA. It would not be fair not to write about Tacone in Vegas,especially the reason I visited the one in Tustin was because of the delicious wraps I had in Vegas. I had a coupon printed out from some Vegas tourism website, so my whole family went to Tacone for lunch. We did not have any high expectations since it is a fast food eatery, and it is inside Aladdin, we just wanted a quick bite before taking my kids to BuildaBear. Boy, were we pleasantly surprised!  There was a free sauce bar, from the popular honey mustard, bbq, to exotic creamy cilantro sauce and balsamic flavored dip, the kids were just having an awesome time trying all of them! The wraps were huge, I could not finish and had mine doggy bagged. I had the Thai cone, the peanut sauce with the cucumber salad tucked inside the wrap with soft steaming jasmine rice was superb! Hubby's Mambo wrap's filet mignon was juicy and tender. Kids loved their Campfire chicken wraps with sweet bbq sauce. The price is a bit expensive, hence the four stars. I think it was about $8.95/wrap. But it is something different and refreshing.
4	I have eaten at another Tacone Flavor Grill in town and, mostly due to the discount coupon I had, enjoyed the meal.  However, paying full price for what you get, I didn't enjoy it THAT much, which was the case tonight.  Price is about the only thing that keeps this place from getting 5 stars.My girlfriend and I were attended a show at the Krave Nightclub called Fashionistas.  Since there is no food served there we had to venture into the Miracle Mile Shops.  There are many places to eat but we chose Tacone Flavor Grill because of my recommendation.The choices are plentiful from wraps to sandwiches, soups and salads.  Many have pointed out the sauce bar where you can choose from different flavorful sauces to compliment your meal.  She ordered a grilled chicken wrap, I believe, while I went fairly simple with an Angus Cheeseburger.  Not just a cheeseburger but a sandwich burger that was absolutely juicy and melted in my mouth.  I cannot speak for anyone but myself, but I do believe both of us enjoyed the food.The price of two sandwiches was around $20.00.  This is what I meant by price knocking off a point.  I could find 20 other restaurants on here that don't charge that much that are just as good.  However, adding a $10 off $20 purchase coupon to the mix and this place cannot be missed.  Check www.restaurant.com for discounts.
4	My wife and I were walking around the Miracle Mile shops in Planet Hollywood and we came across the Tacone Flavor Grill. We were hungry at that time, so we decided to give this place a chance. There's many items to choose from the menu. There are wraps, platters, quesadillas, and more. I decided to get the filet mignon platter which consisted of strips of filet mignon, a side salad, and seasoned fries. The filet mignon was a little dry, but I added some type of green salsa which kicked it up a notch. There's a flavor bar that consisted of various sauces ranging from ranch, smoked bbq, and green salsa to name a few. The price is reasonable compared to other eateries, and the service could have been better. Nonetheless, it was a satisfying meal.
4	Margarita!! Yum. It's not a trip to Vegas without drinking a frozen beverage that is about half the length of your body. Their "moonshine" margarita is still weak compared to a real margarita, but the kicker is getting to the bottom of the tube and slurping down all the alcohol that sinks to the bottom. Delicious!The food actually looks pretty good too. Maybe next time.
4	I'd like to think of this place as a high-end sandwich place... great food and wraps, and their sauces at the flavor bar are awesome!  I have yet to try their margaritas, but the food is great. :)
4	I was walking around the Miracle Mile shops at the Planet Hollywood Hotel on my way to the parking garage to get my car, and decided to grab a quick bite to eat. I happened to pass by this place so I decided to stop by and check out their menu. The pictures on their menu looked appetizing so I went with the grilled chicken wrap combo meal, which came with a side of seasoned fries and a drink. My order came and it was surprisingly good. They have a condiment flavor bar that offered various sauces from smoked bbq, ranch dressing, honey mustard, salsa, ketchup, house dressing, etc.. pretty much anything you might need to spice up your wrap or sandwich. I was looking through their menu and noticed that they also offer quesadillas, sandwiches, salads, smoothies, and mixed alcoholic drinks and beer. I was tempted to get a margarita, but I was on my way to a business meeting and decided to just skip the spirits for now and make it up later on that night.Overall, my experience here was pleasant and the employees are friendly. They really do stand by their motto of serving food that is fresh and flavorful. A good alternative to the other fancy and more expensive food places along the Miracle Mile shops..
4	How could I forget about this place.. I know I was extremely hammered after the Wet Republic to even remember that I ate here until my friend reminded me the other day!! lolFrom what I remember I came here to Tacone in Planet Hollywood....& I ordered the great gobbler sandwhich which was shredded chicken, cheese, avocado, bacon ,& other such toppings I can't recall but it tasted quite delicious @ the time...& they had a sauce bar with a variety of sauces from chipotle bbq, cilantro ranch, honey mustard dijon, & the list goes on of deliciousness...ya this place was the most affordable thing I ate that whole weekend seeing that my friend bought me a sandwhich gave me an extra $5 to take a cab back cause I spend all my money on booze ..yes definitely will remember this place & try it again
4	This place was really good.  The portions are huge and the food is amazing.  Especially the dipping sauces.  They had several different kinds that went very well with our sweet potato fries.  I ordered a BBQ chicken wrap - delicious, and my husband got a cheeseburger that he was quite impressed with.  I wish there were some in my area because I really like this place - according to their website, they're putting one in Sacramento, and I'll definitely be visiting it when it opens. We didn't try the drinks here, but they looked pretty good.
5	One word: MOONSHINE.It's all you need to get drunk enough to pass out mid afternoon and do a bunch of crazy shit you'll never remember.'nuff said.
5	Love this place!!
4	Yummmmmm.  Cheapest meal I had the entire time I was in Vegas thanks to a restaurant.com gift certificate.  I had the Thai Cone and the hubby had the Steak Sandwich.  Both were good and the homemade potato chips were the bomb, as were many of the free sauces.I wish there was a Tacone closer to home!
5	Oh sweet Tacone Grill, you made my day. Just as I was about to faint from exhaustion, you rescued me with your caprese style sandwich--tomatoes, pesto, olive tapenade, and that slinky mozarella. I sank my teeth into your cheesy goodness and was not disappointed. I meant to save half for my shopping companion, but just kept going. And your homemade chips....so...delicious...so good...You're a 6 on this five star scale, and I hope that you will one day make yourself available to the SF Bay Area...
2	While I was in Vegas for a long weekend, I decided to try the Tacone Flavor Grill. I had read the Yelp reviews and the place averaged 4 stars. I also found a certificate for this eatery on Restaurant.com. We were excited to try the place!First of all, we weren't expecting a fast food place in a Mall. I'm not sure how I missed this when reading the Yelp reviews. Mind you, I don't mind eating in fast food places or in the Mall, if the food is decent.My friend ordered the chicken quesadilla and french fries and I ordered a burrito with chicken. Both of us found it difficult to finish what we ordered. The french fries had a distinct odor of curry and the rice in my burrito tasted like it had saffron in it. This was like no Mexican food we ever tasted!The food was inexpensive and with the Restaurant.com certificate, it was pretty cheap. I guess in this situation, we got what we paid for. :-(Next time we go to Vegas, I won't be going back to the Tacone Flavor Grill.
5	I was in Vegas this weekend for the Rock and Roll Half Marathon.  I more hungry then tired after the marathon, so I went to Planet Hollywood to eat at Tacone.  I've heard good things about this place but haven't had the opportunity to try it until now.  Let's say this... I ATE A LOT and enjoyed every bite.  I had a Spa Salad with a side of Blackbeans/Jack cheese and Sweet Potato Fries.  The sauces at the sauce bar were amazing, and the people there were really nice.  It was good food for a good price.  Next time I'll try their drinks.
5	I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.I've been eating here every day that I'm embarrassed to because the workers must think I'm crazy. I'm sorry but, if I like something...Imma eat there til I tire of it...and that'll prolly take me a while...If you know me, I'm a creature of habit. Thankfully, I've tried to eat different things every time I've eaten there and I-LOVE-IT-ALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!My favorite is their campfire, mambo wrap, thai cone, spa wraps! Their homemade chips are to die for...AND they have a sauce bar --- A SAUCE BAR!!!! Let's be honest and say: Everything taste better with bbq or ranch =)SAMPS THIS. Trust me!
4	Two words:  sauce bar
4	i got the spa wrap. Lots of roasted veggies all wrapped up. Hubbyygot the mambo wrap lots of meat! Don't forget the wounderful sauces bar!! Cilantro lime sauce mmm guud! Sweet potaoe fries are awesome!! The only bad thing needs improvement in SERVICE!!
5	I only come here for crown and diet coke to go. I always ask if they can make it extra strong and they do, just the way I like it.
2	Just OK. Food was anything to rave about. I've been to other Tacones and the food has always been really good. Very disappointed. I do think this location focuses more on the alcoholic beverages than the food.
4	Out of all of the eateries here Tacone is one of my faves to come to. They have great beef sandwiches and tasty (yet albeit wet) quesadillas. I also like the selection of sauces. It's just a good place to eat at if you're in the Miracle Mile.Enjoy.
4	Fresh Grill and Bar Micracle Mile shops: The steak panini was good. Honey mustard chicken wrap was so so. Fries were alright. Sauce bar! If you are wandering around PH and want quick decent food that is affordable this is the place to be. Oh and for some strange reason, their cups have Tacone written on them...
5	While I can't say anything of the food, the moonshine is amazing and a good deal. Fruit juice based blended drinks here that aren't full of syrupy sugar - so no sick feeling after drinking 'em!The moonshine is made with Everclear but you wouldn't know from tasting it. 4 shots come in the 36oz sized drinks (pre-blended), but the real deal here is that extra shots in your drink are only $1.25 a piece! Tell me somewhere else on the strip you can get a refill with a total of 8 shots for $15. To boot, the servers here were very nice and helpful! Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be heading here first thing! I think in the 5 days we were in Vegas, my boyfriend and I had about 10 of these drinks!
3	I wasn't feeling very well on the first night of my Vegas trip so my boyfriend and I decided to eat at the hotel we were staying at.  Thus, we ended up at Fresh Grill & Bar which is located at the Miracle Mile Shops in PH.  My boyfriend ordered the Fish Wrap and I got the Santa Fe Salad (grilled chicken, romaine lettuce, mashed avocado, cheddar cheese, corn, salsa, and garlic tortilla strips).  The fish wrap was delicious but pretty small for the price that you pay (but hey...it's Vegas so everything's more expensive).  The salad on the other hand was huge.  The ingredients were fresh and I liked that they had a dressing bar so you can pick and choose your dressing, which allows you to try different flavor combinations.  The recommended dressing was a Cilantro Ranch one (that was okay) but I liked the Cilantro Lime one better (a little lighter).Overall, an okay place to eat at but nothing to write home about.  I would have loved to try their Moonshine daiquiri though...sucks being sick in Vegas! =/
2	Had a thai wrap here for dinner. Maybe it was the alcoholic slushee I had earlier, but I'm not a fan. Too much plain rice (filler), just kinda blah chicken with some cabbage and ok peanut sauce. In a blah tortilla. Maybe I'll come back for the drinks. And skip the food.
4	Really enjoyed the "MOONSHINE" beverage with 4 shots. It was pretty strong but it was pretty tasty. Had me buzzing a little while walking along the strip. Saved the tall cup as a souvenir (: definitely a MUST try !
3	came here mainly because of restaurant.com and yelp.  It's okay.  I can't see how its a 4 star but probably a difference of opinion.Had the honey mustard chicken warp.  If you like guac, you'll love it.  It was lacking chicken though.  It was more of a guac with some chicken warp.  Came out to about $8/person after tax/tip/rest.com cert for a combo each.
3	Not bad. Big portions. Really good sweet potato fries. I like how they have a bar filled with sauces and dressings to customize your meal.Got the cobb grilled chicken salad. Not bad. Filled with chicken and... lettuce. I would have asked for them to skip the bacon because it didn't really do much for the salad... even though cobbs are supposed to have it. If you're ever here, order the cobb, it'll be filling and you'll still feel like you ate something relatively healthy for your meal.
4	Tip: The 1/2 yard frozen alcoholic drinks are the best bargain in the mall at $11... and the pina colada version  was sinfully good!DIP BAR!!!!!! I am a CONDIMENT freak , so to my joy, I was grateful to find a CONDIMENT/ DIP bar to enhance my nicely seasoned, breaded Chicken Fingers and fresh homemade potato chips.Dip bar: Cilantro Ranch, Ranch, BBQ, Honey Mustard, Cilantro vinagrette, Soy/Peanut sauce, Salsa(s), Ketchup,  mustard, etc....
3	Food is not the best but was okay.  We ordered rice bowl with steak and they didn't mention about the extra cost for steak meat.  They don't give you a lot of fries so the extra 2.99 was not worth it. I feel like I paid more for drinks then fires.
1	Worst fast food place. First of all, this is not a restaurant. It's a panda express type of place and the cashier was asking for the tip. So I refused it and she was upset about it and didn't submit my order. We were waiting for our food for 15 min and found out she didn't submit our order. The owner didn't care about it and pretending nothing happened. The food was dry and salty too. We wanted to grab a quick snack and it was the worst experience ever
5	For being on the strip this food is the Best deal around. Both the salad and sandwiches are good and super cheap. The SAUCES are where its at! The salad dressing and other sauces are the highlight!
4	Great food
3	I found this place in a Yelp search, however it didnt say exactly where the restaurant was. Well its inside the miracle shopping mile. I had a hard time finding this place, because well...im a dumb ass. As it turns out miracle mile mall is yes! a mile long. So i had to walk a half mile around to get there. It was worth it though. The food was good, not great. But it was also very affordable! The thing i liked best is the little sauce bar they have setup. The cilantro ranch sauce is delicious. Also you can get booze here! Viva Las Vegas! The food is good and its inexpensive
5	I have dreams about these homemade potato chips, no lie. Went here after I was starvation central at the Yelp event. The staff was very courteous after I mentioned my dietary restrictions, and whipped up a veggie burrito for me with a side of the potato chips. SO yummy! Tons of veggies, rice with balsamic vinaigrette. The dip bar is really awesome and everything was just like the name - fresh. You get a really big portion for the price; I'm amazed since it is inside a casino. Great food, great prices, fantastic customer service. Whenever I'm in Planet Hollywood I will try and make sure to stop for a bite!
2	It took an EXCESSIVE amount of time for them to make my food. I got the turkey wrap and the amount of time they took to make my wrap led me to believe that they were roasting a thanksgiving turkey and carving it just to make my turkey sandwich. Well the description did say "Homemade fresh Roasted Turkey shredded by hand".I took a bite of my wrap expecting greatness and I was utterly disappointed. My turkey lacked flavor, the whole wrap itself was bland. I WAITED WELL OVER 30 MINUTES FOR THIS? The homemade potato chips were interesting and not bad but it makes you feel oh-so-horrible after consuming em cause they are so heavy. Fresh Grill & Bar gave me a massive heartburn on my ride back to LA from Vegas. Never again.
2	Fresh is located at the way back of the Miracle Mile Shops, and honestly, away from the action. If you spent the day in the mall than the location would be convenient, but we came here from off of the strip, and it felt far away. The walk was not too bad, but the atmosphere is so quiet in a place where action is desirable. There was a Fat Tuesdays daiquiri bar nearby, so maybe that would provide more of a Vegas atmosphere in the evening. To order, the menu has a variety of sandwiches with chips, or, interesting teriyaki bowls. The chicken teriyaki bowl with grilled vegetables was filling and tasted good. However, it is a long wait for the food, a very long wait. Overall, if you're looking for an inexpensive, healthy meal, this is a good place on the strip. But, it is faraway and quiet.
3	The food looked better than it tasted, and the service sucked. Overall, I was disappointed. Try something else.
4	This place was good enough to warrant two trips during my short trip to Vegas.For my first visit to Fresh Grill, I had the buffalo chicken wrap, which may have not been the best idea for a hot day in Vegas. I normally find buffalo sauce to be not spicy enough for me, but the sauce they used here definitely was. I had to keep adding extra ranch dressing to cool my burning mouth.On my second visit, my friend and I shared the honey mustard chicken wrap, which my tongue thanked me for. I love all the different sauces and dippers they provide here. My friends and I tried almost all of them: who knew that Italian dressing tasted so good with seasoned fries?The wraps are huge: we all took home half of our meals and ate it for dinner later; the second time, we were smart enough to share our orders. The homemade chips are pretty good, but they are inconsistent with how much each order gets. My friends sometimes only got a few pieces plus crumbs, while my serving had loads of chips.
3	Pretty good stuff but nothing memorable.
3	After seeing the line wrap around Earl of Sandwich, my friends and I decided to come here for lunch. Hm... it wasn't bad. There was a decent selection of wraps, salad, sides and so forth. We ordered the Thai Chicken and Steak Baja wrap, and both came with a side of potato chips. Not bad. It wasn't anything over the top, but it worked. (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=f2Uj2qhVtH3kq5umPWcpqw)There was almost no line, however, the wait for our food took a while. Hm, I'm not really sure why... but that's how it worked out. There's a condiments bar in the middle of the restaurant, as well as a bar to the right. I tried the cilantro and steak sauce. Not bad. Not one of my first choices to eat, but it worked out this day.
3	For our first meal in Vegas, we decided to go Mexican. After walking around the Miracle Mile Mall, this was the first thing that caught our eye. Location wise, it's probably not the best considering you'd have to go all the way around the one mile mall to get to where it is. Chatty staff, good service and an awesome selection of food (platters, wraps, burgers, sandwiches etc). I ordered the Honey Mustard Chicken Wrap and Chips and Salsa. My friend got the BBQ Chicken Wings. My wrap had chunks of avocado, which wins big bucks in my book. I love avocado especially if it's integrated nicely into a dish. It makes me very happy. It was quite a portion actually. One of my concerns was that it was quite greasy. But I guess I can't expect a lot from fast food. I wasn't aware that there was going to be a side of chips (which I believe were deep fried, hand cut potatoes). If I knew this, I wouldn't have ordered the side of chips and salsa. No biggie on those, just chips and salsa. The wings were also just ordinary. It wasn't bad but it wasn't to die for either. I like the nice island in the middle of the store that held all the dips and sauces. I thought that was pretty cool. There was a nice variety that patrons can enjoy.Perhaps my favorite part about this store was the line up that leads to the alcoholic drink orders (there was a line for non alcoholic orders and a line for alcoholic orders). They have these really tall plastic containers that held slushie drinks. I got the smallest one, which was a half yard long slushie drink, (double shot of course) named Happy Ending. I loved it so much I came back for seconds. Really great for those days when you walk down the strip and its 35 degrees hot out. Oh and if you save your drink container and bring it next time to get your drink, it's cheaper. Some people actually brought theirs back. I should have, but seeing as I was drunk for virtually the entire trip, I don't remember where I put my first container so I just got another one.Would I come back? Probably for the food. Definitely yes for the drink. Me wants me Happy Ending.
4	Staff was excellent and very engaging.  Their suggestions were spot on and I definitely recommend the Captain Crunch Frosted Flake Chicken.  How it got on the menu is still a mystery to me but I am glad it did!  Also be sure to check for a yelp coupon with your check in.
3	My husband and I stopped here for a quick bite to eat after drinking a little bit too much. Shocker! Anyway, we need to soak up some of the alcohol and opt for a cheaper option in Vegas to eat. This place had an assortment of eats but we opt for 2 wraps. I had decided on the Buffalo chicken wrap (had a kick to it) and my husband ordered the honey mustard chicken wrap. Both wraps were decent and they also came with chips on the side. I wasn't a fan of the chips as they were super greasy. I am not a good judge of this only because I normally do not eat chips. But if you have alcohol in your belly, something has to soak it up.
2	Hrm. Slightly regretting not walking the extra bit to get to Earl's instead. First meal in Vegas, this restaurant has the prime location because it is right next to the PH parking structure (which is MILES away from the casino portion of the hotel). We were intrigued by all the different sandwich/salad selection they had and the "free samples" offering for their alcoholic slushie drinks. We got the Chicken Club to share, which came with an order of chips. I liked that they had all sorts of dipping sauce/dressing for the chips/salad, but we mostly needed it for the super bland sandwich, which cost $9!!! This place reminds me of Tacone! And there wasn't that many people there, but the wait was pretty long for our sandwich. Sooooooooo many other places to eat, go to Earl's!
2	Came here for lunch when we first arrived at the towers on Friday.  I had a double burger and wasnt really impressed with it.  The meat was stiff as a board/very dry when I asked for medium.  The sides were nothing to write home about either, I requested grilled vegetables and got vegetables in a liquid mesh soup, it was disgusting!   Don't waste your time going to Fresh Grill.  Just go to the cafe in the main building at Planet Hollywood.  The service is million times better, waitresses are really cute/friendly/down to earth, the quality of the food is by far better and the food is more affordable.
3	Good but not great. I had the burger and fries and it was filling but nothing to rave about.Think "mall food"
5	Great place for a satisfying my fresh wrap cravings! And any place that has sweet potato fries on the menu gets a chance with me.We were staying at the PH  Towers, so Fresh Grill was right around the corner in the Miracle Mile Shopping Mall.  It's easy to pass by if your not looking for it.They have a large menu with lots of items that sound good. There are two lines: one for food with alcohol and one if you are not needing bar service. Btw- I saw a sign that said they would refill ANY souvenir cup for a discounted price.Our food: I got the honey mustard chicken wrap and hubby got the turkey ranch wrap. Both very good!
5	Stayed @ PH Towers and this was our first stop after checking in. Really enjoyed Fresh! The boyfriend had the Santa Fe salad and I had the same as a wrap and it hit the spot! Those homemade potato chips:yeah buddy! They were delicious!
4	Great service.My boyfriend and I bought a Groupon Now deal for a one yard drink at Fresh Grill and Bar for $12. We decided to get the drink a couple hours before seeing Barry Manilow at Paris next door, so we could be slightly buzzed. When we got to Fresh Grill, we went to look at the drink selections before getting in line. I remember seeing Pina Colada, Happy Ending, Moonshine, and one other drink (probably a Daiquiri). We were debating between Moonshine and Happy ending when one of the ladies just handed us a sample of each of them. It took me by surprise that she did that because we didn't even ask for a sample, let alone of Moonshine and Happy Ending. I'd say it's pretty genuine customer service when the employees are that aware of what's going on around them and do things to please customers without having to be asked. I personally liked the Happy Ending, but my boyfriend liked Moonshine, so we compromised and got a mix of both with a double shot of vodka added into the mix. Our total ended up being a little over $15 for a yard drink with a double shot in a pretty snazzy giant beer bottle. We didn't even notice they had two options for a yard sized drink. The other option was a giant cup, but we opted for the beer bottle because it had a lid with a coin slot that you can use when you're all done getting crunk. It also has a handle, so you don't have to worry about melting the icy drink with your hands. The drink was pretty tasty; we ended up finishing the whole yard within an hour or so and got a nice buzz going for the show.To be honest, I always find these drinks to be pretty pricey, but with the Groupon, it's an awesome deal. I think you save about 29% or something, which is savings you could use on extra shots! I've seen the deal on Groupon Now Las Vegas for the past month, so you might still be able to get it.
4	can't really comment on the food as we didn't get any, but this review is for the service and the slush drinks they have.   We bought the groupon now deal where you get the yard drink for $12 instead of the usual $17.  the only reason i wouldn't give it a 5 star is that in the picture they show the hard which looks like the similar ones at fat tuesday etc, but when you use the groupon, you get a giant plastic beer bottle cup instead.  not that i mind as i think it is a little cooler, but it is slightly smaller so you get slightly less drink than the groupon advertises.  other than that, nothing but good things to say about the lady who helped us, and how the drinks tasted.  she let our whole group try each of the flavors before we picked what we wanted, and did a good job describing what was in each drink.  i ended up getting the moonshine as i am about getting the strongest drink offered at least once.  my friends got a mix of the other drinks and we were all happy.  i will say though, i didn't really notice myself getting anything more than slightly buzzed off the drink (its about 40 ounces), but i used the cup to make a big cherry pepsi (pepsi with cherry skky vodka) when we got back to the room which seemed to get me drunk, and it was a good container to carry the drink around with when we went out.i would be back to get the cup filled next time i am back, and try some of the food as it smelled really good and what people were eating, looked really good
3	Not inside planet holllywood, in the mall. Cilantro lime sauce is pretty tasty. Recommended for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat in Vegas.
5	My wife and I missed our dinner reservations at a nearby restaurant in the Miracle Mile shops by an hour or so and did not want to chance missing a show we were going to later so we stopped at Fresh Grill & Bar for a quick bite. The fact I had a gift certificate from restaurant.com handy made the decision easy.We went through the food only checkout and there was no line. I ordered a turkey wrap combo with cole slaw and soft drink and my wife ordered the Teriyaki chicken wrap combo with sweet potato fries and a soft drink. The girl that took our order gladly accepted the gift cert. and took 10 dollars off bringing our total to a cool 12 dollars. Plus a 5 dollar tip for bringing our food to the table about 10 minutes later. 17 bucks for a quick filling fresh meal? A great deal in Vegas if you ask me.My wife loved her wrap. It was fresh. Big chunks of chicken. First time she ever had a wrap with rice in it. Sweet potato fries were hot and fresh as well.My wrap was loaded with fresh turkey, and guacamole! Good stuff. The slaw was good too, with big shreds of fresh cabbage. What really added to the meal were the homemade potato chips. You don't get that kind of stuff from any old food court joint.Free refills on the soft drinks was nice. When every other place is looking to squeeze the most money out of their customers for every little thing, Fresh Grill came through with a good deal on a fresh meal.
4	While I can't speak on behalf of the food, I can say that those giant daiquiri drinks you see people lugging around are probably the cheapest here. Based on my cursory assessment at least. They don't offer the variety you'll find at other daiquiri bars (only four flavors), but their prices are a good $2-$4 less. And in such an expensive city, this certainly counts for something. To lessen the girliness of your daiquiri, you can add extra shots at $1.25 each as well. Make it a "Man Daiquiri" as my friend calls it. I opted for a Strawberry + Pina Colada one in the smallest size (11 oz I think) and it was only around $11. It was on the lighter side in terms of alcohol content though, so if your tolerance is high and you want a buzz, I'd suggest adding in extra shots. Other than that, it was a delicious way to keep myself occupied while we wandered around the Miracle Miles Shops at PH. They offer free samples too! FOUR STARS.
5	Great service and great food. I have eaten the grilled steak sandwich and the grilled chicken sandwich. The homemade potatoe chips are great as well. Friendly employees, and they serve coke products
3	Ahh finally, a place in Vegas where they serve relative cheap and healthy food, in the convenience of a mall with Plant Hollywood.After a night (and very early morning) full of chugging excessive liquid toxins served in a glass with a straw, the last thing your stomach needs is something greasy and indigestible. I always come to Fresh Grill & Bar when I'm in need of a light and refreshing lunch to let my body recover, and the Santa Fe salad is always my go-to meal. For less than $10, you get: romaine lettuce, corn, tortilla strips, chicken, and avocado - almost enough for two meals, what's not to love? Don't forget to check out the dressing bar- i recommend the cilantro lime or cilantro ranch dressing!
4	This is one of my go-to places when I need somewhere to eat on the strip and I don't feel like taking out a small loan to pay for my meal.  With a restaurant.com coupon, this place is super affordable.  And really good too.I always get the baja wrap, which has beans, rice, veggies, and a yummy cilantro ranch sauce.  It has a lot of flavor and leaves you full without feeling like you gorged yourself (a common occurrence when eating on the strip).  On the side you get some homemade potato chips.  I have to say, I wasn't a fan of the potato chips for a while, but this last visit they were really good.  Extra star for the improvement!The fries and sweet potato fries are great, but I'm not a huge fan of the coleslaw.  And I love the bar with all the sauce choices- I like to dunk my fries in the barbeque while my husband opts for honey mustard.Super friendly employees, fast service, and about $7 for a wrap.  Can't beat this deal on the strip.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because they have an awesome buffalo chicken wrap, and it doesn't cost an arm and a leg (rare for Vegas and their upcharging ways).  Only way this place could be better is add some bleu cheese to the wrap, and stay open all night for those late night cravings.If you're staying at Planet Hollywood and need a quick, tasty, and relatively healthy sandwich or wrap, hit this place up.
4	Great place to get your drink on... Bought a teaser size drink for $11 and refills for $6.  Easy to order on the bar side.  Others in our party ordered food which looked tasty.  I will return when in the area for sure.
2	Didn't know how to use the yelp coupon offer. Chips were old and cold. "A" team is not working tonight. Ill give it another try some other time.
1	the ceasar salad that I got for lunch was drenched in so much dressing that it was kind of disgusting.  when I went and asked the front if I could get more lettuce they kind of looked at me like I was crazy.  You would think that an establishment with the word "Fresh" in the name would know how to make a decent salad.  Sorry but I'm adding this to the list of places to NOT eat at this mall.
5	Cheap and tasty option when you're sick of spending too much in Vegas!  The location is convenient and free alcohol samples are definitely appreciated.  Would definitely go back!
3	I only got a slurpee type drink here, but it was a good drink and I got to mix flavors.
3	Looking for vegan food on the Strip?You don't have too many choices, my friend...but here's one option that will keep you from starving.They offer a grilled veggie salad, a grilled veggie sandwich, and a grilled veggie wrap. I ordered the grilled veg. salad and had them leave off the mozzarella. What was left was: spinach, carrots, grilled zucchini, grilled Italian squash, tomatoes, and sesame seeds. I added the cilantro lime dressing, which has no dairy.It was pretty good and filling, with a nice zing to the dressing.I can't vouch for the vegan-ness of the bread used in the sandwich or the tortilla used in the wrap, but those might be options as well.The Fresh Grill & Bar is located about half of the way around the giant circle of the mall if you start at Planet Hollywood.The mall's fun to walk around in...it's like Disneyland Imagineers designed a mall, with faux blue sky and clouds and even a fake rainstorm including thunder and lightning.
5	I bought a deal on Groupon Now! And it expired so I wasn't sure if I could use it.  $13 for a yard.  Super cheap.  I asked if it was possible for me to still use it.  The older lady who worked there was very helpful and got approval from her manager.  We tried a sample of their drinks.  My favorites were moonshine and happy ending.  Happy ending was like a lemon sweet tea vodka.  Not sure what moonshine was, but it was good.I got the beer bottle, 40 ozs, and filled it with a happy moon, half and half of happy ending and moonshine.  All I paid for was the tax, 71 cents.  Definitely the best!!!! and the best service :)
3	Mediocre at best for an $8 Grilled Veggies wrap. Zucchini, yellow squash, red bell peppers, carrots, spinach and balsamic vinaigrette. I thought the bbq chips that came on the side were much more exciting.But I liked their cilantro sauce at the salsa bar. Tangy! Get some of that stuff :D
1	First off,  we live in Vegas and were looking for someplace great, healthy, and amazing since CREATE closed down. This place was NOT IT! the hassle it was to get here was a double whammy on the SUCK METER! its in a food court which was not what was expected it wad really expensive for the small amount of generic food you get, we left STARVING AND MAD!  I don't understand why Yelpers are raving about this place.... they must be from out if town and WASTED because this place was awful!!!
4	I ate at this restaurant twice during my trip to Vegas. I must say, their prices are a bit steep for the food they serve, but they are relatively healthy compared to the other places on the strip.  Don't forget to check in on yelp to get a discount! I got tried their buffalo chicken wrap and their caesar salad.  Both were what you would expect BUT do get their cilantro lime sauce in their sauces section! It is delicious with their food, which is why they get four stars instead of three. Such a fan of this sauce, I wanted to try and replicate it at home!
3	Vegas is a scene of fine dining and buffets but if you want some cheap and fast diner style food, this place is not a bad choice. This place is neither are bar nor is it fresh but for under 10 bucks you can get a filling meal. They have basic stuff like burgers, wraps and quesadilla plates which come with sides. Basically they serve good drunk food and in Vegas, that is not a bad idea.
4	So, an update for the vegetarians out there.The Southwest wrap that we always order is not vegetarian.  After asking several times before and being told it was, we were finally told the other day that the rice has chicken stock in it.  I was a bit peeved but thankful someone finally told me.We got ours made with plain white rice and dumped a bunch of the sauce on top and it was still good.  I still think Fresh is one of the better values on the Strip.I'll continue eating here (with white rice), unless of course they tell me the beans or lettuce or something is not vegetarian (I'm waiting for it).
4	OK!  Here's another update and hopefully my last.  (For the vegetarians)I spoke with the owner about the two key ingredients of the Southwest Wrap: the flavorful rice and the black beans.  Both are ok for vegetarians.  No chicken stock or bouillon or shortening or anything like that.  They are good to go.  Hooray!
3	Mmmm... Chicken teriyaki bowl...The chicken: white, fully cooked, doesn't taste rancidThe rice: also whiteThe veggies: death by grillThe flavor: meh
2	Wow this place was gross. For a healthy restaurant, I expected much more. Their salads seemed like they were from pre-made packs that you get from the grocery store or something. My friends and I came here for lunch intending on a healthy meal, but I was so grossed out by my food I literally only took 2 bites and threw it away. And I even got the Chinese Chicken Salad which is so basic and common! I should've taken a pic of it but I didn't. My friend got the veggie salad and WOW that looked so shriveled up and dead! It was so disgusting to look at. The veggies were all wilted.... The only good thing about this place is 1) you get $5 off your purchase of $25 if you check in on yelp...but honestly I would not even spend $20 here so idk if that deal is worth it...2) their slushy drinks are on point! So goood! But doesn't make up for the horrible tasting food.
4	This review is strictly for the longyards.Our group purchased the Groupon deal for $13 for a longyad.We got a 40 oz. beer bottle-shaped longyard.Before we purchased the drinks to put in our longyards we got to sample all the drinks they had to offer. My two favorite was the Strawberry & Happy Ending which was like a sweet tea lemonade. But we decided to just have strawberry which was pretty yummy. I will say that their claim of there being 4 & a half shots in each yard is BS. We bought an extra shot just incase & good thing we did cause that thing didn't have any kick at all.. oi.. I shared with one other person & didn't even feel a slight buzz. LAME! Needless to say we didn't get a refill because it just made us bloated with liquid & no buzz. =[ PLUS! The beer bottle yard can be used as a piggy bank too! [=Oh! If you "like" their fb page you get a FREE order of sweet potato fries, I think hm?
1	FRESH?? No. Completely misleading. I went there on my last trip to LV, and i was looking for some fresh, healthy food in between the bar runs. I got the Chinese Chicken Salad. Sounds healthy enough, no? Comes out looking great. Until I cut into the "chicken". It is not at all "Fresh" or even real looking. It was that fake, press board chicken like product you get in Mcdonalds salads. It's CHICKEN people. The cheapest meat on the market!!! I'm not saying it has to be organic, but it should be REAL CHICKEN BREAST!!! Not fattening packaged crap! I threw all the chicken out, ate the salad, and did not return. You should avoid this place. There are too many amazing places to eat at Miracle Mile/PH...
1	Horrible food, avoid at all cost! Steak sandwich was nothing but fat, after the lady at the counter told us it wasn't...
5	Everything was fresh & drinks were great.  Ordered strawberry daiquiri the customer service was very helpful.  We asked them to take our picture with our drinks & they obliged.  It is located in a strip mall but, great vibe.. Would def be back..
4	Can't comment on the food here but the slushy drink they call 'Moonshine' we come back for year after year... There are slushy drinks sold all over Vegas but this Moonshine is our favorite...it is made with a tropical fruit mixer and pretty high octane Everclear... Goes down easy and packs a Vegas punch ... Perfect for sipping as you shop in The Miracle Mile!
3	Got a Groupon deal for two Yard stick drinks.It was good, but didn't do ANYTHING to me. Didnt even feel a buzz.You gotta buy extra shots if you want it to be worth something.Haven't tried the food, so this review is just based on the drinks. The drinks were tasty though. They say that Moonshine is the strongest of the bunch...ehhh.
5	I've been to Vegas four times since last year, and every time I go I go to Fresh Grill and bar for lunch.  I get a coupon from restaurants.com and with that coupon 4 people eat very well.  The food is good, and the sauces are good.The chicken tenders are good, the  burger is good, and every thing taste really fresh.
4	this place is bangin! we used a groupon for 2 drinks for 21 i believe, and they were great. did the moonshine.  went back another day for the girly to eat something, and she said it was the best burger she ate out there, vs the famed in n out and jack in the box. place was very clean, with the fixing bar girl cleaning that, at least 3 times in the 20 minutes we were there. not big at all, but a very good joint for sure. would gladly go back there again next time in vegas, for sure.
3	Stopped by the bar to use our groupon we bought for drinks. Not a huge selection of the frozen drinks. But they are pretty much the same as everyone else on the strip selling the yard drinks.
3	Located within the miracle mile shops, decided to get some lunch here.This review will be strictly for their food since I did not get any of their drinks like other reviewers have. I got the turkey wraps and their homemade chips, which did come out pretty quickly and was solid food. Nothing really special though and nothing really stood out about this place. They do have a nice sauce bar with many different "homemade" (I think) sauces that were great to try with the wrap. Overall though, I definitely think you're better off going to earl of sandwich instead if you can do the walk.
5	Came here using a Groupon for 2 yards. I had the Moonshine and it was soooo good with another shot of Everclear. I think I'll come back to this spot instead of Fat Tuesdays for my yards.
5	Came here for a Yard (Yes from that Groupon Deal)First of all the staff here is very FRIENDLY! I was very pleased.I asked for a Margarita, since they had run out and they offered to make it by hand. WOW! very good.Honestly if you are in Vegas come here for your yards instead of FAT TUESDAYThe prices are reasonably cheap, REFILLS are Cheaper than anywhere on the strip (I Checked) and the service here is great!!!!
5	So so good! Favorite place to eat on the strip and not too pricy either. All wraps are good and make sure to try the sauce bar.. The cilantro lime is my favorite and goes well on everything.  And for drinks, try the moonshine!
4	I needed a quick bite and chose the bbq chicken quesadilla from their menu. It comes with chips and salsa, too. I got a frozen pina-colada to wash it all down. The quesadilla was pretty good, especially dipped in some ranch dressing from the little sauce bar. That was cool especially for ppl like me who love sauces! I didn't like the salsa. It was more like pico de gallo instead of salsa. The drink tasted good but if there was any alcohol in it, it was very very little. At the end of the day, it's a cheap meal at a decent value served up by nice people!
2	My ladyfriend gets tipsy on one glass of wine..she drank the whole lemonade drink supposedly infused with alcohol and felt nothing...and she is the one whi staggers twice a year on 2 glasses of wine at Christmas..a Slushy..nothing more..not worth the $24 we paid at Groupon..for 2 slush drinks similar the refills we got the next day at Walgreens on the strip for $1.99@
4	My group stopped here twice while in Vegas to use the Groupons we bought for their yard long drinks. These drinks are obviously all over Vegas but we were pretty impressed by the ones we got here. The drinks were pretty strong, tasted great, and were great for staying cool. The only problem is that some of the flavors get too sour or sweet before you can finish the entire drink. Try the moonshine flavor, it was the best
4	Was trying to go to Earl of Sandwich down the hallway, but the was crazy long, so found this hidden gem.  I had a delicious Asian Chicken salad - really amazing!  The line was quick, though had to wait a bit for the food, but not too long.  Given the reasonably cheap prices in an overpriced Las Vegas, this is a great find for a quick lunch sandwich.
4	This is located inside Planet Hollywood in the Miracle Mile Shops~ Very conveniently located, saw it as soon as I walked in from a parking lot.I purchased the Groupon deal (Two yard sized blended drinks for $21, a $36 value) and redeemed it at the counter. Service was not the friendliest but it doesn't matter. I just wanted to get my drink on ;) For the two drinks, I ordered the happy ending and moonshine both with extra shots. I believe it was $1.50 each for an extra shot. They were both quite delicious but I didn't feel any buzz from the happy ending.Also, if you bring back the souvenir cups, they do refills at a discount!
3	My friend and I went in to this place super hungry and grumpy. I ordered the BBQ chicken wrap, which was pretty good. I usually don't do wraps but this really hit the spot. They have a salsa bar which my friend fell in love with lime cilantro salsa!! They also have fraps which can be dirty or virgin ;). My friend wasn't a big fan of their homemade potatoes chips and their fries were typical, nothing special. i give this place 3 stars due to excellent customer service, and awesome wraps and sandwiches!!
2	Ho hum! Spent $21 using the groupon for 2- yard drinks....with alcohol..... instead I got a slushie! After sipping my juice for a while and noticing I wasn't getting a buzz I threw mines away! Word of advice go to FAT TUESDAYS at least you get a buzz! If I wanted a slushie I would go to the 7-11.
5	First off, I only had the frozen drinks.... a few times.  They are soooo good!  I purchased the 2  Groupon Yards for $21, a $36 value.  They were very accommodating  with this, and I even paid a couple dollars more for extra shots... you can definitely taste and feel the alcohol in these drinks.  The staff was very friendly as well. There are many of the frozen drink places in Vegas, but these really are great, we ended up taking our yards back a couple of times during our week for refills.  Highly suggest the Moonshine!
2	It's located inside PH right next to the parking lot escalators. It's on the corner and you might miss it if you're thoroughly sloshed. I was planning to get manageably belligerent and wanted those yard drinks from Fat Tuesday's but seeing the long, long long line, decided to come here instead. I had purchased the Groupon deal for 2 yard drinks earlier in the day ($21 for 2) and decided that now was as good a time to get drunk as...well all the time in Vegas.1) The drinks were not strong. It was basically drinking peach slushy. I know they're probably trying to get you to purchase an extra shot, but I didn't want it.2) Rude. Holy cow. The cashier was impatient and rude as all hell. I don't know why, as there were no lines. Was I disturbing her chat time with her coworker? I don't careeeeeeee.3) They overcharged me by almost $10. This was on top of the Groupon. When I pointed that out to her, she just shrugged and said they already made the drinks for me. So what?! Ugh. FINE. At $32 for 2 it's still cheaper than buying at full price. I'm in Vegas to have a good time, not to deal with some idiot who can't do math or punch in correct totals on the cash register.I give you an extra star because the yard cup had a happy face and reminded me not to throw a temper tantrum.
5	For a place that has to deal with drunk Vegas tourists all day, the people are remarkably nice and accommodating.  They happily let us taste all of the frozen drinks before we decided, they mixed up two of the drinks for me (pina colada and strawberry daiquiri - yum!) and they scrubbed our souvenir glass when we brought it back for a refill.  Oh, and they didn't seem at all put out by having to call to confirm our restaurant.com voucher.  Regarding the actual food and drink, I'm not a huge fan of frozen drinks, but these were amazing.  They told me that they only use real fruit for flavoring and it shows.  I also had a steak and cheese sandwich which was fine, but unremarkable.  Certainly not bad, though.Bottom line: super friendly staff, delicious drinks, and decent food.
3	Came here two get our frozen drinks because we had a Groupon Deal. Never had any of their food.  We had  two for one yard drinks. :)
4	Stopped by Wednesday of last week. We got a yard sized margarita with 3 extra shots of tequila. Nice!!! It sure got me buzzed :) Service was good. We were given a couple samples. I just wish there were more Fresh Grills throughout the Strip to get refills more conveniently.
1	I stopped here for a snack before driving home from Vegas a couple weeks back since we were just wandering around in Planet Hollywood, and unless every other eatery is destroyed by angry aliens, I am not planning on coming back again. Ever.I was starving and craving a grilled cheese sandwich, so it seemed fitting to come here. It was approximately 1:00 PM, there was no line, and there were only 2 or 3 people sitting down in the eating area. I walked up to place my order, and the guy was too busy watching the football game to notice or pay attention to what I said. (And before anyone says anything along the lines of "I wouldn't understand", I'm a football fan, too). He didn't make any eye contact, didn't read my order back to me, and just stared at the TV screen like a mindless zombie. The other employees didn't even care. Ridiculous.The grilled cheese itself was horrifying. Here I was thinking I'd get a delicious, crunchy sandwich with cheese oozing out of it, but no. Instead, I got two pieces of plain white bread (which looked like it just came off the shelf at the market), with two or three slices of unmelted cheese wedged between them. I waited 15 minutes for that. It tasted like cardboard, and it tasted disgusting. Needless to say, I didn't even finish half, and I lost my appetite.I don't know whether or not the rest of their menu is edible, but I'm not willing to find out.
3	Place is pretty cool! It's a good spot to eat at if you're looking for a casual place to dine after a long day of shopping. They have a bar with all the assortments of sauces you can get your hands on, and that fun new Coca Cola soda dispenser that lets you make your own soda. If you check in you get a free side of their homemade potato chips. I ordered their buffalo chicken wrap which was pretty good. Tasted like what you would expect of a buffalo chicken wrap. They had other stuff too. Hot sandwiches like Philly cheese steaks. Cold sandwiches like a club sandwich. Chicken wraps, and healthy plates like their chicken breast plate with mixed veggies. You can also pick one side with most dishes, and I picked the sweet potato fries which were also good as well.If you want to kill two birds with one stone, you can also order a nice alcoholic slush beverage or any drink at that over there in a yard stick or one of those big plastic souvenir cup containers. Nothing really out of the ordinary to differentiate it from other eateries, but this place surely does the job.
2	This review is for their forzen alcoholic beverages:They sucked, they supposedly had 4 shots of booze in them, but the pina colada flavor was so mikly-mc-nasty, I drank about 1/4 of my large, "beer glass" drink and threw it away. By the way, I got the Groupon and I felt I wasted my money. Their yard-size is not a yard, it's like a "yay-high" size. Lame
1	PLEASE READ IF YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT BUYING THE YARD SLUSHYDon't do it.If that didn't help let me explain:1. Buy Groupon deal for the Yard Slushy at Fresh Grill & Bar, 2 for $22 2. We get our drinks and it's absolutely disgusting. I think it's somewhere between 30-40 oz for the yard and it's 95% sugar water and 5% liquor that doesn't/didn't mix well. 3. Take two sips and throw it away. Immediate buyer's regret. 4. Went to Fat Tuesday and got the Spiked Lemonade and enjoyed the rest of my day.Honestly you can dress it up and put make up on it but it's not going to walk the runway. My wife and I are not seasoned drinkers or taste experts and we both unanimously agreed to throw out the yard after two sips. Also, we were not offered samples. If we were and did take them, do you think I would of went and thrown away my money?
1	1 word: WHY????!!!Bought a Groupon for this place since I was visiting Sin City over the weekend.  There were a bunch of people standing around not doing anything, and the girl who took my order looked like she could care less about working and wanted to go home.  She wasn't friendly and neither was anybody else behind the counter.How do you mess up a Chinese Chicken Salad wrap, How I say? For the $11 I paid I would rather have eaten my sock covered in honey Dijon mustard.The 1 star is actually for my drink, the Moonshine w/ Everclear, which was tasty and clearly the highlight of my visit. If you find yourself in the Miracle Mile shops and your stomach is growling, you would rather walk another mile than eat at this place.
4	I like this place.  Not fancy but good. Great value.  Sauce bar is good.  Lime cilantro is my favorite.  I ear hear when I am in the mall
3	Got the steak wrap, black beans and soda. There was a long line to get cheap alcohol refills of drinks, but worked through the line pretty quickly. Pros: good food and little salsa bar.Cons: service could have been much better, but it's mall food with teenagers.
3	It's Vegas,  they have baby free samples of frozen cocktail! I would have to say of all the quick bites held in ph, next to Earls of course would be Fresh Grill! They have a friendly staff and decent bites of sandwich, fresh house chips and all the different types of sauces you want!
3	The steak and peppers wrap was very succulent, I would prefer adding chipotle sauce or something spicy to go with it. The fries was to die for but portion was kind of small...
2	Food is terrible. Got nachos and a wrap. Employees are great. Wouldn't eat there again.
5	Bought a groupon for two drinks for $21. Staff was great and line was pretty short! We were offered free samples and both got the peach daiquiris with three extra shots each which was only $4 extra dollars! The drinks were very yummy and tasted more fresh than other frozen drinks on the strip! We did not finish our drinks though. It was 108 degrees and we walked two miles with them and they got warm and too sugary. I had plan people walking by comment on my large pink cup and saying how yummy it looked! I would recommend getting the beer bottle shaped cup though, it is a bit smaller but has a lid and handle!!
1	Being in Vegas you would expect the girl behind the counter would be able to make a drink. They had some special going with a coupon, and it was obvious the girls were getting frustrated with the customers in front of me. It took close to ten minutes just to give my order. Then I had to show the girl which bottle was grey goose. So disappointing.
5	Everyone that has written a negative review here is WHACK. This place is a gem. Every time me and my husband go to Vegas we stop here. You can't beat the awesome groupon deal. The buffalo tossed chicken strips combined with their home made sauces, are delicious. The ladies up front are very nice and are clearly service-oriented. Compared to most overpriced joints in Vegas, I would choose here any time. Me and my husband have at least been here 5 times and we have yet to be disappointed. Plus they make their slushies with REAL FRUIT. Fat Tuesday can't say that.
2	The food is ok, not mind blowing. It's basically just snack food not real meals. I'd call it a classier Mc Donald's. I purchased a "refillable souvenir cup" but I had to pay $1.00 each time I refilled it. Can you say false advertisement.
4	public service announcement:if you come here for the 2 for one 1 groupon deal, please note that unless you have a HUGE stomach you will not be able to finish these (without puking up later) due to their sheer volume.  Plan to sip on it throughout the day? Well the vegas heat will melt these down to a syrupy goo in no time.  I gave this my most valiant effort to finish as much as I could and it earned me a early trip back to my room with a stomach ache.I gave this 4 stars because these drinks actually taste really good... if I return I would get a much smaller portion.
1	Really yuck food. Ordered chicken tenders and fresh chips...  Omg gross! Chips taste like oil, nothing else. Chicken tenders were far from the name, so hard and brittle.... If that used to be chicken, you couldn't tell. My husband ordered a turkey sandwich.... For being supposedly fresh, it tasted like canned chicken. Considering almost $30 was spent... What a rip. Not that prices are much better elsewhere in Vegas, but don't waist it here.
3	The check-in deal is for alcohol, so if you are like me and just cruising around looking for a snack don't get excited.The grilled veggie wrap hit the spot on Meat Free Monday.  So much that I came back for the fish wrap later on.  I love the sauce bar. It's kept clean and adds just enough flavor to their fresh meals.Three stars because of the weird vibe from the staff.  It's as if they couldn't be bothered by me and my stupid questions.
4	Used a restaurant.com certificate at this establishment.  Was a good value for the money ($25 off purchases of $50 or more).  Found the food to be good, but location was a little small.  Known better for their slush/alcohol drinks.  I would eat there again.
4	This was a recommended spot that we tried, happy that we did. The BLT was yummy.  The coke machine, the choices, loved it. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. The prices were terrific, I just wish we had one locally.
4	I always come here with our groupon deal. I always take my souvenir home too.  The flavors are good and you can mix the flavors and you can also sample them. I wouldn't say their the best but they sure do beat a lot of other places out there.
1	Very low quality food and a very watered down $11.00 margarita.   Would not recommend.  Will not ever come back.
4	Got a Groupon deal - $22 for two yard drinks. Added the extra shot to both of them which they said was an extra $1 each, but somehow the total came out over $3 for the two. Definitely worth it with the Groupon, and now that I have the yards I can come back for a $13 refill!!!
2	Used the Groupon deal - 2 yard-longs for $22.  in a way, it is worth it if you're using the Groupon deal, otherwise do not waste your time and money. You definitely need to add at least 3 more shots to taste the liquor.  We didn't purchase any food, nothing seemed appetizing. We didn't finish our drinks, I'm guessing because whatever we ate prior to the drinks didn't agree with out stomachs.  The sever came off as rude - she demanded our IDs and the Groupon deal, and was very impatient about it.  Will not be returning.  Giving two stars for the Groupon deal.
5	Holy crap, my husband and I went here because I had a Groupon for 2 yard drinks. We both ordered the "Moonshine" in classy 42 oz beer bottle shaped yard. We each added one extra shot to our drinks because it was cheap to do the add on.Uhhh, by the end of our drinks we were both toasty to say the least! Be careful with these guys! We do recommend them for sure, but we both just wish yard drinks weren't so sugary! A++
4	This is a very good place for a quick bite! It certainly lives up to its name- everything tasted extremely fresh and tasty. I got the honey mustard chicken wrap and sweet potato fries ($8.99) . The wrap was a pretty sizable portion, with lots of grilled chicken, avocado, and lettuce. The fries were sizzling hot, right out of the fryer.Apparently they have quite an extensive drink menu as well, but I didn't get an opportunity to sample any of those. The sauce bar was a really nice treat as well. The restaurant was clean and everyone was pleasant. If I'm back at PH and hungry, I'll be back!
3	Here's the skinny: I had a restaurant.com certificate for Fresh Grill & Bar that was burning a hole in my virtual wallet. I finally had an excuse to use it on a random Monday night! The menu is plentiful. There's salads, wraps, sandwiches, nachos, teriyaki bowls, etc. (you get the picture). I had a taco salad wrap with their seasoned fries and the Mr. had the chicken club sandwich combo. The total bill came to $15 and some change. Not bad for a meal for two on the strip! The taco wrap had some odd looking wild rice in it and the appearance of the wrap was underwhelming, but whatevs it still tasted good! My husband really liked his wrap too. The fries were just meh. I wish they were warmer and not so sad looking. Service was average and the wait time for our order was under 5 minutes. The cashier kindly brought our order to the table. Seating is awkward and crowded, which is why we opted to sit on the outskirts of the restaurant.  There's an awesome dressing bar with some really unique sauces at Fresh Grill & Bar. I extensively sampled the jalapeno ranch and the cilantro ranch. These sauces definitely contributed to the yum factor of my wrap!I'll come back to Fresh Grill & Bar, but only if I have a coupon and if I'm in a hurry (which I usually am whenever I'm on the Strip).
5	A great place for a quick bite, I stopped here for dinner before a show. You just order at the counter and they will call your name - sorta like a casual fast food place but everything was just right. The chicken wings and fries were really good. I should have sampled some of their other stuff. They have sandwiches, teriyaki bowls, wraps etc. The service was great too. Located inside Miracle Miles shop in Planet Hollywood.
