3	Where the original Pho Nhu Y stands across the street from Ichiza, we have the name that brings a smile to your face when you see the sign. A new place that took over a Vietnamese restaurant 3 months ago.I went with the combination Pho with the rare slice beef, well done flak Tendon, trip, beef balls, and brisket. The broth was delicious with a strong taste like Pho Vilage. One major issue with the broth was it was really was yellow. The only way to get a yellow broth like this is to use chicken or have a lot of fat in it. Since this is beef noodle soup, I'll say its the latter. Don't get me wrong, I love fat but this broth was really yellow. It made me felt I was drinking a bowl of oil. Unlike other places, they don't scoop out the fat. I talked to the owner about it and she says to request the fat be scooped out next time. Personally, I think this should be standard and I shouldn't have to ask for it. She also made the remark that all this fat gives the pho its flavor. Right. Adding fat to anything would make it taste better!The noodles aren't anything special. This has the same blandness as all the other places in town, except for Pho 87 and Pho Village. I was happy to see this Vietnamese restaurant use the culantro, the pointed fregrancy smelling vegetable. Only downer was one of the 3 leaves were wilted. The basil were wilted as well. The bean sprouts looked fine though. For a Vietnamese restaurant at the heart of Chinatown, I was surprised how nice and clean the place was. A good size HDTV sits on the side of the restaurant. Service was meh, like a fast food place. I order. I eat. I pay. I'm out. I did get ice tea instead of water. Nice in this 110 degree weather with stupid rain. They do take credit cards. They have free wifi, or someone nearby with the network ssid "dlink"Some other stuff they have is spring rolls, nem nuong (pork rolls), goi ga (egg rolls), banh xeo (pancake), com (broken rice), bunh bo hu (vermicelli noodle), and banh mi (sandwhich). Literally all the stuff you find at most Chinese restaurant. Not a bad place for a Vietnamese restaurant thats closer to the heart of Chinatown. There are issues with the pho, but otherwise delicious.  A place worth trying.
4	Maybe this place is new, because it's pretty clean and the tableware looked new, too. Service was good and you even get to speak to the co-owners/family members of the restaurant. They speak Chinese and Vietnamese (and English). Good, but nothing TOO special of a Vietnamese restaurant. Came in for a brief lunch after driving into Vegas. We were craving something healthy and decided to give this place a try. Ordered their Pork Com Tam with Egg Quiche and Rice. Very fresh and tasty. The small bowl of chicken broth with chopped green onions was also quite full of flavor. **Their "Magnificent" Chilled Jasmine Tea**: this is good stuff! You don't have to ask for it...they serve it to all of their customers. But this tea was refreshing. So $20 feeds for two here. Not too bad. Nice staff and GREAT TEA! The tea was probably my favorite part about this place. Anyway. Lunch here!
3	I wanted to try another pho spot and Kinh Do was the first one I saw while driving up Spring Mountain. I ordered my usual, Pho Tai w/Tripe and always with my beef on the side. I liked that they gave me 2 slices of lime. The bean sprouts were fresh and clean. The soup came out steaming hot! The broth was a little bland. The noodles and beef were good. They skimped on the tripe though.This is one of those restaurants where you pay at the counter when you are done. I walked up to the counter and waited while the guy finished making more tea. He turns around after a few minutes and asks me if I'm ready...why else would I be standing here with my wallet in my hand...
5	Lets just get one thing clear. We are aPHOicianados when it comes to Pho and all things asian. We have eaten Pho all across the valley so you can be sure that when we say these guys Pho is straight Bommi Mommi, we mean that. If you think Pho Kim Long or Pho so 1 is good Pho, then you better get to this joint and see what truly legit pho tastes like. This is our 5th time here in the past couple weeks and each time its as good or better than the last.The broth is clear, flavorful, fragrant and sublime. Something that other pho joints are slipping on these days. the bbq pork banh mi is the best we had in vegas so far, the pork so juicy, the veg pickled just right and the bread the right combo of chewy and flakey. The owner is always there and is super friendly. They show videos of vietnam, its people, its culture and its food on the flat screen, that captivates diners.
5	This place is great! Prices are amazing. It is very clean, especially in comparison to other Pho places near-by. I say Pho, because this is the main reason I go there. The Pho is very fresh-tasting, big portions, and the prices are super affordable. I tried other dishes, and found them average to a little above average, but all tasty and fresh non-the less. The owner is a very nice guy and is always very friendly. The waiting service could be better on certain days (I've been here quite a few times, since my best friend lives across the street). One waitress in particular is a little rude at times, and not very attentive to my water/tea refills. My friend and I usually share a big bowl of Pho between the two of us, and it's definitely enough!I really liked the Vietnamese eggrolls and the peanut dipping sauce. But Pho is the reason to come here, as are the prices. Can't be beat! I've tried other Pho places near-by but this one is by far my favorite and the only one I go to anytime I want Pho. I give this place 4.5 stars, 1/2 star taken off due to poor service on some days (especially when owner is not visibly there).Definitely recommended for Pho, and nice, clean, although simple atmosphere. Restrooms were surprisingly clean, too!
3	We decided to stop by this restaurant prior to leaving back to Albuquerque and I'm glad we did. From the previous yelp reviewers this restaurant is pretty clean. I gave this place a 3/5 stars because only one dish was superior over the other.I order the Hu Tieu Gia Kho  (please see the picture I've uploaded) and it was delicious. Everything was pretty much on par on how'd you make it at home with the exception of the missing crab claw. But nonetheless, the broth served on the side was light and herbaceous. The contents of my noodle bowl was perfectly dressed with sauce and with the appropriate meats and herbs. In a lot of Vietnamese Restaurants these days, they usually just serve the same herbs for your noodle dish that they serve with Pho, and that is usually Thai basil, bean sprouts, jalapenos and lemon/lime wedges, but to see a Vietnamese restaurant to actually serve the correct herbs that go with the noodle dish made me impressed and even happy that they took the extra time and made it right. ... especially for 2 people at 10 in the morning, with nobody around.The tapioca noodles were perfectly cooked, the liver slices was slightly dry, shrimp was not rubbery at all and served larger size shrimp. Ground pork was marinated well, even though it was missing the BBQ pork marinated, I'll let it slide because it was that good. Add a dash of white pepper, and spoon in a couple spoonfuls of the broth in the noodle dish and it was tasty.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. So let's start with 3 stars and I'll explain myself.I didn't have high expectations of finding amazing pho in Vegas. However, after a serious night of drinking, my friends and I were desperately in need of pho recovery. I yelped and found the closest location, whcih was Kinh Do.First we started off with the charbroiled pork spring rolls. The vegis were fresh and the rolls were wrapped tight, which was good. But the charbroiled pork had a weird spam like texture. I didn't dislike it, but it wasn't what I was expecting. They give you two types of peanut sauce, which was pretty great.Next, I had the pho with sliced beef and tripe. The sliced beef was very fresh and tender. However, the broth was extremeley bland and disappointing. I kept adding sriracha and hoisin sauce, then more basil, just to get some flavor out of my soup.Since we had a long trip ahead of us, we grabbed some bahn mi sandwiches to-go. The sammiches were pretty great. The bread was fresh and had perfect amount of crunchness on the outside. The jalapenos were pretty spicy and I ended up removing most. For $3, these were definitely the best part of Kinh Do.There were many other pho places on the map, so i probably wouldn't try this place again.
4	$3 Banh Mi beats $5 foot long any day of the week.In between Ronald's and the Neon Museum, I figured I'd knock out another bookmark of mine - Pho Kinh Do. Having just come from Ronald's, I wasn't hungry at all, but I grabbed a Banh Mi Dac Biet (combo meat) to go.Man I wish this place was closer to work! I'd be getting that sandwich several times a week. It was flavorful and had a perfect mix of meat and veggies. I may have to spend that extra gas money just to drive here every so often. With No 1 Boba on the way back, that would make a killer lunch combo. I could probably even grab a few and keep them in the fridge.Sounds like a plan.
5	GREAT sandwiches!  For $3 you just can't go wrong, especially with the combo.  Delicious lightly pickled vegetables, a variety of meats, and a crusty french roll.  Absolutely fantastic!The Pho is also pretty good.  The soup is great, and actually has color and texture to it (which tells me it is more than just MSG, salt, and water that some other places serve).  They keep telling me they have the best eggrolls, but I haven't had a chance to try them yet.  Maybe next time.The only possible drawbacks... The parking can be tough sometimes, and it's a little hard to find.
5	My review is strictly on the eggrolls...if anyone really knows genuine vietnamese eggrolls, knows they are rolled with the rice paper and not with the chinese style wrappers.Every Vietnamese place I have ever been to, they always use the same wrapper that they use to make eggrolls at Chinese restaurants- with the exception of two, Sugarbowl in San Francisco and now Kinh Do in Vegas.These eggrolls alone will bring me back to Kinh Do again and again...The staff is really nice too so that's a plus.  The owner is a really nice man and speaks pretty darn good english.  The last time I was in there I talked about my mom's hu tieu and how no one compares to her's.  Well, he talked me into trying theirs.  I have to say, that was pretty darn good, still not as good as mom's but pretty close to it.So, Kinh Do, I am definitely a fan!
4	I took a leap of faith when I went in to this restaurant. I saw the reviews on Yelp, but still I had my doubt. It was certainly a pleasant surprise. Kinh Do is going to be my must visit whenever I go to Las Vegas. We ordered:1. Egg rolls - I was skeptical at first.  They looked a bit burnt on the outside, but after one bite in my mouth, I was hooked! The taste was amazing! 2. (Mixed meat) banh mi (thanks to fellow Yelpers' recommendations). Super cheap, filling, and best of all, it tasted darn good! 3. Shrimp sate - it was very hearthy, flavorful, and I love the small noodle that came with it.4. Cafe sua da - It wasn't served with the typical over-the-cup french press, but the coffee tasted just as great, if not better, than the typical Vietnamese coffee.Service was great. Our waiter was very attentive and polite.Extra points for accepting credit cards!
5	As we motored in to the parking lot, Kinh Do was empty.   I thought to myself I should bolt, but I am glad we didn't.   The food was very tasty, yet unidentifiable.   Perhaps it was the massive amounts of crappy buffet food that preceded this, or maybe it was the lack of cigarette smoke that allowed the flavors of each item in my bowl to burst in my mouth, but either way it was quite an enjoyable experience.  Bahn mi was delish too!
4	Perfect place to grab a sandwich. The bread isn't scratch-my-gums-rough and is good. :]. They also have pickled jalapenos on the table as part of their condiments. $3 for a sandwich. I always get a combo sandwich when checking out places and this places pass the taste-test. Good Cheap Eats
5	My wife and I were visiting Vegas for a few days, and we like to try some of the local / off the strip places.  The restaurant is easy to find  and about 5 minutes from the north Strip (e.g. the Wynn).    We split an order of springrolls, a bowl of Satay beef soup, and a Bahn Mi.  The springrolls are not fried,  which I like. They are in a rice wrapper with shrimp, lettuce, rice, and come with 2 dipping sauces. The soup was delicious and very spicy (and I love spicy food).  The Bahn Mi was awesome - it was the best sandwich I have ever eaten.  The roasted pork was so flavorful, and the bread was a great french type baguette. The total was about $15 + tip, and there was more than enough food for the 2 of us (we have healthy appetites).  The service was great.  My wife and I wanted to go back for dinner but we had plans for a show so we couldn't.  We can't wait to come back the next time we are in town - It was that good!!!
3	The pho was very good but unfortunately they forgot to bring us our appetizer so can't tell u much else. Poor service the fist time but much improved on the second visit.
5	Excellent food and low prices.It's run by a lovely family.This is an outstanding restaurant that deserves Yelp support.Great sandwiches: $3.I go about twice a week now.
4	I dont think I would of ever tried this place if it not for yelp. I was craving a sandwhich for lunch and went to yelp of course, found this on the top ten for sandwhichs which I was surprised about since I never even heard of this place. I got 2 banh mi sandwhichs and one was better than the other but will still give it 4 stars cause the palce looked clean and it wasn't "cash only."The dac biet (combo) was ok, the bread and veggies were spot on but the meat was lacking flavor, missing the pate and homemade mayo to it. 3 stars at best. The Thit Noung(BBQ Pork) was good though, plenty of meat and good flavor to it, I would definate come back for this sandwhich, not the best but one of the better ones I have had in Vegas. 4 stars.On more note, sandwhichs are the right size too, large. Lots of places that make thier own bread tend to make it smaller but this is the full size bread and the ratio is good, not all bread.
5	I tell you what, all the tourist who come to town are surely missing out on this spot. My friends took me to this spot. Being from the Bay area, I all ways love to explore Vegas, outside the strip, considering I use to live here too. Anyway, I had some tea, shrimp rolls, soup. Very good price, good service, quiet. Made my night. Gotta thank my friends for hooking me up for dinner. I will surely return on my next Vegas trip.!!
3	OK pho. Will go back again and try something else. They had wireless, though!
4	after a BAD BAD experience at PHO thanh BInh which is approx 2 min across the street from kinh do, i order the pho tai (pho with just beef) i couldnt ask for a better bowl of pho. the Owner asked me what happen at pho thanh binh and we told them that there were nats or fruit flies in our pho! the owner asked us if we are serious and how did it look like so we explained our whole situation. After that he served us with our pho he give us a dish of eggrolls on the house. i couldnt asked for better service and good food!
3	Solid Banh Mi indeed for $3. But It's hard to rank this in place in the upper echelon of the baguette kingdom simply for the fact that the bread is outsourced. That means when it's re-toasted, the baguette turns very crumbly.  I do like how the restaurant makes your sandwich because the ingredients are top notch. You can't miss when your grilled pork served with regular dishes ends up in your Banh Mi. My gripe is that I feel the grilled meat here leans more towards the Chinese BBQ version vs the Vietnamese version. That means not enough lemongrass and nuoc mam. Notice I didn't comment on the buttery goodness that all Banh Mi should have. Solid 3 stars for Banh Mi.
5	THE ONLY PLACE TO COME FOR PHO IN LAS VEGAS! Let me start off by saying I have tried so many other Pho places here in Las Vegas. I have finally found the one I have been searching for over 5 years now. My search for the perfect bowl of Pho is OVER! When it comes to a good bowl of Pho, it is a combination of things - broth, noodles & meat. Their broth is best in town, hands down! The noodles are always cooked perfectly. When I order the Pho I always get the special combination and the meat is always in good portion. Their beef meatballs are always tender, well cooked and don't have that rubbery taste-smell that other places have. The well done meat is meaty and not just fatty. And we all know how at some Pho places, your meat will have the tinge of silver, purple metallic to it (because it's old). This place never does! There have never been problems with customizing how I want my pho either. My husband prefers his with no tripe and extra tendon. When you ask for extra tendon they really give it to you. I have unfortunately experience many places where you ask for extra tendon or meat and they charge you for it but don't really give you extra. To be honest, i dont think they have ever charged me for extra tendon either.I have also tried their udon soup with pork hock and shrimp. I am not sure if their is a difference between Vietnamese udon and Japanese udon but theirs is phenomenal. The noodles are soft and squishy but yet have a firm bite to them. My only sadness about this soup was that I wished it had more pork hock in it, they only gave me one piece. Plenty of shrimp, ground pork and pork slices to make up for it though. The bun rieu is another of my fave's as well. The broth is spicy and delicious and ingredients plentiful. Their fresh spring rolls are always made fresh. Unlike other places that often premake their rolls. The bahn mi's are pretty good but with only an okay selection. The waitress is Vietnamese and her English is limited but every time I come in, her English is getting better and she has never messed up my meal. She is one of the most polite, friendliest servers I have ever in my life had the pleasure of having. So even with the language barrier, she is still better than plenty of English speaking ones I have had. One of the nice perks of this Pho place is that they offer you Hot or Cold Jasmine Tea instead of just water. Another thing I look for in a good Pho place is the cleanliness. Not just the restaurant itself but in the provided utensils. At some places, their spoons and items are dingy and old looking. Another positive for me, theirs always have that brand new look to it. On top of it, it is authentic. The cook in the back is a Vietnamese lady, not hired Hispanics to cook the food. (No offense to hispanic cooks) A plus in my book. And the owner is friendly and down to earth. I go to this place at least every other week. It is that Killer. Once you try it, you will never go anywhere else.
4	Yum Yum! Now for anyone that thinks that Fish Sauce is Fish Sauce and doesn't vary enough to matter, you need to come here. It was DERISH! I had two items here and in the morning will try the third. The spring rolls with grilled pork were pretty good. The pork was tasty, a little thicker than ideal but the rest of the interiors were AWESOME! Lots of noodles and veggies and the pork.The pho was very good. There could have been more meat in it, so that's a place for improvement but the broth was great, lots of noodles, VERY fresh sprouts, and LOTS of basil.
3	Like the other people at this place on a Sunday around 12:15pm, we're wanting to heal brains a bit before making the trek back to LA. And this place did a good job of that. I'm not a huge Pho' fan, but she liked it a lot, so the marks are high. The place was very popular with the locals in this small asian community so that's a good sign too. I'm not normally a big fan of Vietnamese cuisine, but it was inexpensive and fresh and just what we needed before the drive!And be sure to try their egg rolls. Unique and amazing.
4	We arrived at the restaurant close to 9pm on a Saturday night. There wasn't one customer in the restaurant, but that didn't deter us from trying out their foods, since this restaurant had some pretty good reviews from fellow yelpers. I ordered their pho tai with raw beef on the side, spring rolls, com tam bi cha suon nuong (broken rice with grilled pork chop), and bun thit nuong (grilled beef with rice vermicelli and vegetable). We also received two free egg rolls for "Checking In" at their restaurant. The pho lived up to its top ranking, the broth was very flavorful, but they were a little skimpy on the noodles, IMO. My wife's bun also did not have enough vermicelli in it and their fish sauce wasn't as strong as some of the other restaurants in town, but not bad. The spring rolls were delicious and very fresh as was their egg rolls. The pork chop with the broken rice dish was just okay. The eggs that were in this dish was quite good, but the pork chop needed more seasoning. If you come here, stick with the pho and spring/egg rolls.  After our meal, the owner brought out some Vietnamese dessert for us to try, on the house. This broken rice sweet dessert with taro and sweet potatoes were an absolute delight.  15% off my bill because I yelp. I definitely have to come back to try their $3 banh mi.
4	This place does it right!  Very affordable simple place with effortlessly great service and really good food.  Very casual basic dining room, strip mall location in Chinatown.  Only reason I can't give it 5 stars is the ambience just isn't that amazing so it doesn't deserve to be on par with 5 star places but everything else is just great.  Loved the family vibe and the people.  Food wasn't the absolute best I've had but it was 100% grubbin' and DELICIOUS and such a nice respite from Strip prices.  Recommended
5	One of the highlights of our trip to Vegas! I love Vietnamese food, and this was great. The owner was so friendly and informative, too. Just a hop away from the strip but you'll be STUFFED with delicious delicious food for almost nothing. I had the appetizer salad (cabbage chicken) which was almost enough for two as a main, and so healthy.
3	Mentioned yelp and got free egg rolls!I would give them 3.5 stars.They were really nice, but compared to pho in San diego area, it wasn't as good. But I do have to say this is better than the pho in Treasure Island, way overpriced at $14-15 per bowl. This place was pretty good priced.The chicken bahn mi wasn't that great...but the bbq pork was yummy!I would go back if I went to Vegas again.
2	Very average pho - nothing to write home about here...
5	I am a Pho at least 1x per week kinda girl - and I was dying for some during the long week in Las Vegas. I searched, and asked and then turned to Yelp - I am so glad I did. The owner's who are also the wait staff - are incredibly kind, lovely people.We ordered two dishes to split - The Sliced Beef Pho was so aromatic, the thai basil was plentiful and fresh - everything was perfection. I don't think I've ever had broth that clean on the palate and just, well, perfect!Vermicelli Noodles with Charbroiled Lemon Grass Chicken was just as wonderful as the Pho.  It felt a little lonely in there - so I hope more people will check them out!
2	I really, really wanted to love this place. I read so many great reviews and when I got there the staff was SO, SO, SO friendly and kind. We started off with our free eggrolls with a Yelp check-in. They were good, not great. My fella really wasn't feeling them. I ordered a pork vermicelli bowl, while my fella ordered some beef pho. He also ordered a fried egg banh mi (can you say yum?), since he can't resist those when he sees them on a menu. I wasn't really feeling my vermicelli bowl (I took half to go and ended up tossing it later when I realized I didn't want any more), just didn't seem to have the right combination of seasonings and the noodles were a little mushy. The pho had a sweet flavor that I found incredibly unappealing and tasted a little like dirty water with sugar in it. My fella didn't like his pho at all and stuck to his banh mi. I tried it and the bread was fluffy and warm. Perfect texture and great portion for the price. He said he liked it, but would order it with fewer condiments next time.Overall, the experience left me unfulfilled. I desperately wanted to love the food since the owner and waitress were so nice and accommodating. If you come, just order banh mi and skip the rest.
3	A friend recommended this Vietnamese restaurant for me to try when it was still relatively new, since he frequents here for lunch.After that initial visit where I ordered one of their Com Tam (Broken Rice) dish and Leosdianto L ordered the Bun Bo Hue, I have not been back again until yesterday.We were at the restaurant when it was relatively slow and were served by a new waitress.  But the service was good.  We mostly ordered pho, as they have recently made improvements to it.  And it was pretty.  The garnishes for the pho was super fresh, always a good sign at pho restaurants.  We also tried some of their Vietnamese sandwiches (their special and the one with fried eggs).  Overall the banh mi was way better than Lee's sandwich across the way, and the surprise hit for me was their Fried Egg Banh Mi.  I would go back just for that, even though it is something that is easy to make at home.The owner was very friendly and spoke to the guests, making sure everything is satisfactory.Service:  4/5Food:  3.5/5  Pho was good, decent portion and the flavor of the broth is nice.  The fried egg banh mi is good.Price:  3/5  Very reasonable.  In line with other restaurants in its class and category.Cleanliness:  4/5  Clean!Decor: 3/5  Has a tv playing movies, the tables are arranged in a way that does not make you feel cramped.Overall, definitely a solid 3 stars.
4	(Insert corny "Pho" joke here)Kinh Do has some of the most flavorful food  in the valley.  The prices are fair, the service is friendly, and they stay open until 10 O'clock everyday. The menu here has a lot to make your mouth water, but what still has me salivating are the egg rolls and the Bahn Mi.The Egg Rolls were perfectly crispy, like little golden rolls of heaven.  They weren't too greasy, and packed serious flavor.  I had the Bahn Mi with shredded pork, sorry I cannot recall it's proper name.  As I brought the sandwich to my lips, I fell under the fragrant spell of a perfectly executed dish.  The aroma of fresh cilantro and tender pork were so rich and intoxicating, I briefly forgot where I was.  I'm planning on coming back to Kinh Do this week for more of that unbelievable Bahn Mi..  Mmmm mmm!
4	For really good Pho, it's all about the broth and they really have an amazing broth. The staff is very friendly, the restaurant clean and everything we ordered was fresh and delicious! So far we have been twice and each time was great!
4	I was craving a banh mi so I hopped on Yelp and found this place. Outside it didnt look like much inside it was very clean. The owner even offered to let us see his kitchen saying how clean it was! While talking to him you can tell how passionate he is about his restaurant and it showed in the food.I had the grilled pork banh mi and it was very tasty. There was a good amount of meat in it but it could have used a little more pate. Overall it was a great value for only $3! I also tried a bit of the broth from the pho and it was great. Once the temperature cools down I'll be back to order some. Til then the sandwiches will hold me over when I want to grab a quick lunch.
5	This place lives up to its high reviews. Everything was fresh, fragrant and flavorful. Probably some of the best fried spring rolls I've had. We asked the waiter what the most popular appetizer was, and he promptly replied, "We have the best egg rolls in town!" He didn't lie.I had the beef stew with french bread - really nice portions and presentation, and the bread was perfect, having the nice consistency with soft, semi-chewy inside and thin crispy outside (but not super flaky). Not even the slightest hint of stale-ness in the bread like most places give you. I've grown up with great tasting Vietnamese food all my life and both of my parents are chefs - and this place did not disappoint. That's saying a lot! :)My boyfriend got the combination pho - nothing to complain about and everything to praise. I seriously can't find any faults with this place. The place was very clean and well stocked with condiments. The service was quick and friendly. If I lived here in Vegas, this place would definitely be a frequent spot to eat for me. With flavors and prices spot on, I'd recommend this place to anyone craving and looking to try Vietnamese cuisine.
4	When I am sick, the one thing I want is Pho.  I enjoy that it doubles as food and as a steam bath.  So, in a summer-cold-induced delirium, I decided to check out Kinh Do.I'll admit, I was strung out on Nyquil when I dined at Kinh Do, but I remember it as fantastic.  I ordered the #9 Pho (with brisket and rare steak) and it came with a big helping of fresh bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos, and limes.  The broth was really flavorful and, in a first for me, I actually devoured all of the broth.  I usually leave a half-full bowl (to allow for the steaminess).  Um, yes, I will be back for this, sick or not.We also ordered the egg rolls for the appetizer because they were free if you mentioned Yelp.  I'm not a big egg roll fan but these were amazing despite looking like burned, freezer-aisle rejects.  And, because they are not your typical Panda Express egg rolls, they come with lettuce, jicama, and carrots.  Even if you don't like egg rolls (like me), just get them a shot, you might change you mind.The one thing I probably won't come back for is the Banh Mi.  It's a fantastic value at $3.00, but the bread is not to my liking.  Way too soft and without that French baguette crunch.  The sandwich (specifically, the mixed meat) also lacked enough cilantro or jicama to hit the spot, but was an overall tasty dish.  I just can't get over the bread though.I cannnnottt wait to try everything else and enjoy the steamy Pho another day.  Also, my cold started to recede the next day.  Coincidence? Probably, but Kinh do does have some great food. I'll be back.
3	We came here last week based on the reviews and had a decent dinner. We started off with the eggrolls (free from Yelp) and the shrimp and pork spring rolls. The eggrolls were small and tasted alright; there was nothing very special about them since I've had dozens of eggrolls in my day. However, I do like the plate of goodies (lettuce, carrots, cucumbers, fish sauce) that it comes with it to make a fancy eggroll. I liked the extreme porky flavor in the spring rolls which makes them better than most. Our family ordered two bowls of the pho with everything in it along with the mixed meat bahn mi. The pho was a bit disappointing because although I do order the special pho with all the crazy organ stuff, most places still give brisket and steak the priority of my bowl. These bowls however had only one complete meatball and way too much chewy cartilage. Everything else was great, but for me, quality meats should be the star in my pho bowl. Now, my favorite part of dinner was the bahn mi. The mayonnaise was extra tasty and my teeth sunk through all of the delicious layers of meat and pate. The bread had a perfectly crispy exterior and a soft interior. Overall, I will probably come back for some bahn mis but nothing else.
5	Best pho I've had in Vegas, in fact the one of the better ones I've had period! The eggrolls are great!
5	Did my first check in at this place to get some free egg rolls with our meal. Some of my friends had come out from Asia and wanted some Asian noodle soup so that's how we ended up eating in China town of Vegas instead of on the strip. The space was really big and not too crowded when we went. Most got the pho and one got the banh mi and we all loved our dishes. The owner had told us that they had only been open a year and business was really competitive in that area. I know there are tons of Vietnamese places in that area but please try this one. We all thought it was very good. The noodles were a good consistency and the broth was complex and hopefully took a couple days to get the rigth flavor.The owner works his butt off, the prices were good, and the space was clean. Eat here!
2	The pho was aiiiiiight.  I've had better and I've had worse.The "egg rolls" as you mainlanders call them (We call them summer rolls, and you call those spring rolls (I don't get it, either.).) were good, but tasted like they came frozen from Costco... I tried the pho because I was hanging from partying at Olympic Garden all night (am I joking, or not?), and I wish I'd gone across the street to Pho Kim Long- SORRY!!!  But it's the truth.
3	When it comes to Vietnamese food, I gotta talk about Pho first. The broth does have more star anise and beefy flavor and I guess you can say it's a tiny bit than their Pho competitors in Vegas. However, the overall rating of the Pho Bowl is just average. I'm not sure if I'm just used to the portion in Vegas, but I would like to see a little more meat in the bowl. The rice dish is alright, below average in my opinion. Other noodle dish is average also. I would like them to sweep the floor a little more frequent, since nasty food bit on the floor kinda make the place look less appetizing. One upside would be the servers. The wait staff there are really really nice and friendly.
4	Okay review coming up right about now...so you looking for a vietnamese place to eat while you in Vegas.  You'll pull up the yelp review and will probably find this as one of the top three highly rated places.This place is all ight, nothing too special about this place versus the other places.   I don't think you'll go wrong with picking this place.  To me they are all pretty much the same unless they serve something unique on the menu that other competitors don't have....I 'mean you have alot of choice along Spring mountain road.. theres like 10 different vietnamese pho spots.  No kidding, take a stroll along this street and you'lll see what I'm telling you.  Ok Grab a taxi you'll need it to get here and also back to your hotel.   We tried walking back to the hotel from the restaurant but eventually got cut off by the separation from pedestrian walkway and the freeway.Okay summary.   If you are yearning for a good vietnamese place to eat and tired of spending too much money eating at the hotel establishments then you can't go wrong with anything along spring mountain road this place being reviewed included.  A full meal for two with appetizers drinks and shit won't cost you more than 35 bucks tops.  ya can't beat that.  Yeah this place is located at a strip mall but so are the other places in the top 5 reviews for vietnamese restaurant in Vegas.  So dont be scared be hungry bring a healthy appetite and enjoy..  hoooyeah!
3	Free egg rolls with check-in! They gave one to each person at the table haha.Place was pretty empty when I went, I think there were only 1 or 2 other tables occupied.I didn't eat that much of my pho but it was definitely at least decent. Not the best I've had, but wouldn't mind coming here again. It seemed like there was more broth than noodles/meat though.
3	As always when my family and I travel we always seek out a Vietnamese restaurant. We have Viet food radar...This place was once a to go/deli type of deal but now it is a sit down restaurant. When we pulled up I noticed that the windows were tinted to the extreme so that you can't see inside. Clever. The first time we went here I had to try the Pho...because I am the self proclaimed Pho connoisseur.  Duh. The Pho tai chin gan (rare steak, brisket, tendon) was $7 which is a little pricey for its size. The pho tasted authentic relative to other "pho" stylings I've had before, but it needed a little extra fat to be flavorful. The second time I came here I had the Hu Tieu My Tho dry. The sweet sauce mixed with everything in the bowl was good. I liked that the noodles were clear and they didn't skimp on the meat. There is liver pieces in there just fyi. The menu also offered a Hu Tieu Fu Kieng which is a traditional noodle soup from a small group of Chinese/Vietnamese people. That was a new for me...The servers were friendly and apologetic when they made a mistake on my order. I read the other reviews that had issues with the servers and their inability to communicate with one another. I guess I didn't have a problem because I can speak Vietnamese. The restaurant has decent Vietnamese food, it isn't THE BEST I've ever had. That'll do Kinh Do...That'll do.
2	The place was basically eh... Wouldn't really go back unless it was the ONLY place open. I forgot what I got but if I don't remember, that means it wasn't that great. Since  my friends and I checked in, we were suppose to each get 2 egg rolls but they said that they would just give everyone one (which was ok but it seemed that the egg roll was better then the food). Overall.. server was nice but food not so much.
4	The pho here is not the best that I've had, but it's most likely one of the best pho restaurants on Spring Mountain. I was born and raised in San Jose which is home to the largest Vietnamese population in the country so I have a good idea on what good pho is. The single most important factor is the broth which gives it the flavor, and I'm happy to say that Kinh Do has a great pho broth.I don't care for beef too much, so I order chicken pho like I normally do and it has been great every time. The bean sprouts + basil leaves are fresh and those go well with the meal. Like I mentioned already, the broth here is awesome. The service could be better though...sometimes I have to flag down a waiter to get my water refilled.
4	I love the grilled pork here.  Whether it is on my bahn mi or the bun, it rocks!  It is juicy and flavorful without being too fatty.  They cut it just right so it isn't too chewy or too thin.  The problem is that they mess up our orders, a lot.  Sometimes they are up front about it and tell us they don't have the grilled pork.  Sometimes it isn't until we open up the food (we usually but it to go) that we find out they have substituted chinese BBQ pork or something else entirely.The pho is good, we normally get the pho tai or the pho tai chin gan, usually it has just the right amount of fat.  Occassionally it has been too fatty where it congeals on top (sometimes the A/C is on too high in the restaurant!).  The servers are friendly, though often inattentive.  Still it is my favorite place that serves all three things we tend to want (pho, bun, and bahn mi).  There are places that make better bahn mi, pho or bun but they don't serve all three and make them as well as Pho Kinh Do does.
4	It's pretty rare that you get good customer service at a Vietnamese restaurant.  Very rare.  But you find it at Kinh Do.After a night of drinking and partying on the strip... pho was needed.  Yes, needed.Again, coming from right next to Garden Grove/Westminster in socal... I know what good pho is.  (Especially since I'm also Vietnamese)... so is this pho good?  I wouldn't say good.  But it's the best pho I've had on the strip so far.It's light on MSG.  ALWAYS a good thing for pho restaurants.  The broth isn't as beefy as I'd like, but at least they don't disguise it with MSG.The broth is also interesting.  It's more herby than I'm used to, which actually worked for me.Good service, decent pho, and hey, it cured my hangover.I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Pho broth has a unique tast. Maybe they add dried cloves or something. Yhe noodles were cooked perfectly and the broth was not too salty. Checked in here and got the 2 free eggrolls. They were greasy, but man were they crispy and tasty. I will have to try the vietnamese sandwiches next time. $6.95 for a bowl of pho is also very reasonably priced. Props to the owner for actually coming to each of the tables to check on the customers.
1	www phokindont dot com Pros- #1.Cheap and tasty Chicken Banh Mi. It's all about the delicious bread. I have to give them credit for that.  Cons- #1. Really bad service. The waitress could not understand slow and perfectly spoken English to the point she was rude and short with us. Not cool considering we eat Pho regularly and know how to order right from the menu. Maybe it was my blonde hair and blue eyes or my friend's biceps that caught her off guard. Either way I felt discriminated against. Not a good feeling. #2. The Pho broth- Well if you are a fan of mop water than you might want to move this to Pros. The broth tasted dirty and just off which are usually a sign of a dirty kitchen.....#3. The meat in the Pho- Where's the beef? There were 3 pieces of beef. Nuff said. #4. Our order came out REALLY wrong. We both ordered Pho Tai and one of us was the lucky recipient of tripe. Big surprise at this point. Summary- As the great C. Barkley would say," That's turrible" . Since there are so many other Vietnamese restaurants on point in the same vicinity I will not be returning unless I suddenly get a craving for mop water. PHOKING EPIC FAIL
1	Food isn't too good. Service is terrible. Food was super slow. It took 45 min to just get some pho. They are under staffed and the customers suffer for it.
4	My sister yelped viet food and this was the first restaurant that came up and there was a lot of good comments.  I was so glad she found this restaurant.  It is on the Asian food strip on spring mountain.  However, it is little further down then most of the restaurants.  The restaurant is in the same plaza as a message place. The restaurant was actually very clean.  Even the veggies that came with the food was very clean.  The bean sprouts were super white and the ends were picked off too! The servers were very nice.  There was a check in special for 2 free egg rolls.  I showed the server the coupon and he brought our whole table some egg rolls to share.  The egg rolls were delicious! I love egg rolls and usually have them at every restaurant I go to. These were awesome.  They used the Vietnamese wrappers which made the skin kind of chewy, and crunchy at the same time.  My sister and I liked it so much we ordered a full order.  My sister had the pho and the broth was surprisingly very flavorful.  I had bun bo hue and it really hit the spot.  The broth was well flavored and spicy.  The meat was tender and they do give you a lot of meat.  There is only 1 size for all the noodles soups and it was a pretty big bowl.  Overall, a clean environment with good food and service! I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	This restaurant was aiiiiiite.Came here after a Vegas trip because my friend was craving pho. We got here at 12:00 on a Sunday and it wasn't that crowded so we were seated immediately. Checked in and received free egg rolls, which were tasty (and even better because they were free). I ordered the pho dac biet and it came relatively quickly. The broth was good, and it came with a ton of meat, but my friends and I agreed that the noodles weren't as good as they could have been. The pho was around $8 a bowl, which was good too.Will probably come back to Kinh Do after another Vegas trip in the future. Nothing like a big bowl of pho to cure a hangover.
5	Seriously the BEST! Brought me back to some of the best restaurants/ eateries in Vietnam! You won't regret this one. Their Bahn Mi is fantastic! Stew beef & Hue noodle is to die for!
5	Found this place by accident.  Best accident I've ever had!  Planned on Pho Saigon 8 for the meatball soup.  This place put theirs to shame.  The broth was amazing and the side sprouts, basil, etc were so clean and fresh.   We arrived late (5 minutes before closing).  Asked if they were still open and they welcomed us in and gave us so much attention.  My sister asked the owner to select a dish for her and she was very pleased with his choice.  The  restaurant is clean, aromas awesome and  service was excellent.  I love this place and will be a regular there.  Can't wait to take my asian friends!
4	Have held out for some time on writing this review. It is not fair to judge a place just for a quick trip to pick up dessert, but Kinh Do makes one of the worst Che Ba Mau I have ever had. The mung beans are replaced by whole white beans from a jar. The kind that are used for Halo Halo. The red beans were kidney beans. Coconut milk might as well have been coconut water. For once, I can say that the simple syrup was not too sweet. It was not sweet at all. With so much ice in the cup, it quickly melted and watered down everything.Instead of giving an unfair and scathing review, the true test of a Vietnamese restaurant lies in one of the noodle soups; Pho, Bun Bo Hue, or Hu Tieu. An order of Pho Dac Biet went in and what was presented was a large bowl of steaming hot, meat filled glory. Add in heaps of bean sprouts, mint leaves, jalapenos, and a squeeze of lemon and it is ready for devouring. Are their better pho out there? Sure, but my dad is probably happy that I don't harass him to spend 14 hours watching over the pot. Kinh Do will do until he busts out the pot in winter.The Cha Gio were also delicious. Not the prettiest, but definitely tasty. Wrapping them in lettuce with, cucumbers, cilantro, pickled daikon and carrots then dunking it Nuoc Mam is how I learned to eat this dish. The veggies makes the pork filled egg rolls that much better.
4	This is a solid choice for pho considering all the nasty pho places surrounding Chinatown and arguably the best in Vegas.I always get the #1 and the broth is flavorful without being fatty and light without being bland. They give you generous cuts of meat and a large helping of noodles. Food comes out fast.The service is also better than most pho places (not that you should ever have high expectations for service in pho restaurants ...)Recommended and made my summer in Vegas much more manageable.
3	Based on the yelp reviews, I hoped to find a 5-star Vietnamese gem.. but it was an average place with average pho based on my experience. For pho I now go to Que Huong or Pho So 1.. though I do prefer Kinh Do over Pho Kim Long. :)Friendly service!
4	couldn't agree more with the other reviewers about how great the pho soup is at Kinh Do the other day; the broth wasn't as heavy in taste but still very flavorful, different from the other places where I've had pho over the years, i.e. San Francisco, San Diego and Falls Church in VA, just outside Washington, D.C.. The staff was also  very attentive.  But, judge for yourself and check it out!  Uncle Manny, Las Vegas
3	This restaurant offers the standard Vietnamese food you would expect if you have ever been to a noodle house. We had the Bun Thit Nuong (Grilled Pork with Vermicelli) and Grilled Pork with Rive. Both dishes tasted as expected. We checked-in on Yelp for 2 free egg rolls and they tasted good, but didn't look good. Judged purely on looks, the rolls were cracked.  One thing about the vermicelli dish is that the egg thing that came with it was severely burnt, so I passed.Overall, I'm glad we had lunch here because it offered something I was use to. There are probably other places that are just as good or better, but we stumbled upon this one.
5	Fast, friendly service. Pho #7 was delicious. Price was good. Nice and clean. Highly recommended!
4	After recovering from a mild hangover from a disastrous night before, my friends raved to me about this AMAZING pho place in Vegas. I thought, "Why the 'pho-k' (lol) would you eat pho in vegas.. when we have freaking good-ass pho in LA???" But they adamantly insisted, and we drove all the way tot Chinatown for pho.We arrived, the place wasn't quite bumping, but the aroma was entrancing. The soup already smelled so good. I don't know if it was because we were still hungover, famished, or just really enjoying the scent. We were seated immediately for our group of 10. Food came out (I would have expected it to come out faster since there were almost no other patrons. Prices are typical, but the sandwiches are only $3!!! And they're HUGE!I ordered:-10 pho: it's basically the house pho without meatballs. Lots of big pieces of meat! Lots of soup and noodles! It's actually pretty hefty. I can't believe I ate it all. After lunch, I proceeded to suffer from intense food-coma.-82 sandwich: shredded pork skin and pork meat. Like I said before, for $3, it was big! Like practically a foot long from Subway. I had it after clubbing for a wee-hours-snack. It was pretty tasty, but by that time, it was a little dry. Also, there is a huge slice of jalapeno in there, so I took it out before I consumed everything.I guess if I'm more hungover than I was, I'd definitely recommend this place; however, I still think that if you're in Vegas, you need to splurge on buffets.
4	Based on yelp reviews i decided to try Kinh Do, needless to say ive been here 6 times in the last month. Last night being the best experience so far.I usually get either the chicken pho or the pho tai which are both great! checking in with yelp gets you 2 free fried eggrolls, they do come with the greens and veggies but sometimes they are forgotten so i simply request them. The fresh spring rolls are also good. I wasnt goint to post a review however last night i tried the fried egg bahn mi and it was so good that i got one to go as well and ate it for breakfast today and it was still damn good. Ive been thinking about going back for another ever since 9am and its almost noon! I know practically all these places use MSG which i can taste right away, as well as feel the effects afterwards but they definitely use a minimal amount here.
2	After having a great weekend in Vegas, we decided to eat before we hit the road and my friend suggested Pho. We used yelp to help us find and decide where to eat and given that this place had a 4 star avg. with 80 reviews, nothing could go wrong, right? Wrong. At least for me it did. All my friends wanted pho but I wanted something different and back at home, I love the broken rice and pork chops or whatever. I saw that they had a Filet Mignon option and opted for that instead of pho. Big mistake. The food came out rather quickly and I dug right in. Expecting to taste filet mignon, I tasted beef steak cubes. Nothing CLOSE to the advertised 'filet mignon' but this was probably my fault for ordering 'filet mignon' at a pho place. Also, 4 of my 5 friends ordered the thai tea and they all hated it. I LOVE my thai iced tea so I had to try to see what the fuss was all about. And right they were, the thai tea was gross. It tasted like thai powdered water with a bad after taste. My friends did enjoy the pho though, I just don't recommend getting the 'filet mignon.' They vegetarians rolls are good as well.
4	I seem to always crave some kind of Asian food when I'm in town.  I guess that's my comfort food? After a night of hard core partying and drinking, I needed something warm to cure my headache for dinner.  The Wicked Spoon didn't help much.  My friends and I were originally going to try out Ichiza in Chinatown, but the wait was too long and spotted this place from across the street.  Yelped it and said it was good...score!We checked in and received free spring rolls.  You can tell the owners were Chinese and they were super nice and attentive.  We were only supposed to get 2 free spring rolls, but the owner was so nice, he gave us 4 - one for each of us!We were all anxiously waiting for our warm soup to come out; wasn't expecting too much out of it.  The Pho finally came out and we can spell the freshness and hours of the bones boiling.  Tasted a spoonful....DELICIOUS! OMG, totally hit the spot!We were so full from the spring rolls that we couldn't even finish our bowl of Pho.  Overall, this place was a hole-in-the-wall for us and would definitely come back again next time I'm in town.
1	If this place was in OC (LA area), it would have been out of business.  Also service was crappy.  It took over  1 hr from the time we were seated to get our dishes.  The appetizers came last...wtf?  If the food was great then i wouldn't mind the poor service n wait.  But the food was less than average, compared to LA.  Those of you who gave a good rating to this place, you have not had Real vietnamese food.
5	Only positive things to say here.  Firstly, regarding the free egg rolls.  We came in as a group of 7, and when i asked about checking in, they said "only one order per table". How is that possible?  definitely doesn't favor large groups right? So the waitress went to double check, and the manager (?) came over and confirmed that every yelper who checks in, gets one order of 2 rolls. Now that's what i call fair!  We had four yelpers at our table and so got four orders. Spring rolls were fantastic-- they came out hot and savory, and with all the fixings, fresh. i like how this restaurant doesnt skimp on the garnishes, like basil and mint leaves, jalapeno slices, lime wedges, pickled daikon and carrots, and bean sprouts.  This restaurant even had the heart to peel off the tips and roots of the bean sprouts, which i thought spoke much of the integrity of this restaurant and its desire to serve the best.  In the midwest, where I study, you can forget about it, and in Singapore, where I come from, sprouts with the ends and tips peeled off sell for triple the price of the unpeeled ones. had a delicious delux Bahn Mi-- loved how it came out warm, and the bread was crusty and thin but did not yield to the fillings. Everyone at the table had Pho-- Dac Biet and Tai Chin, and everyone loved it.  Even my bf's sister and her bf, who study at Seattle and are spoilt for choice for Pho. I had the Hue style Pho. SO GOOD! i wanted to pass out.  Good Hue-styled pho is hard to find, and i usually avoid it, but the Bahn Mi and Spring rolls that came out before that were so promising that i went all in.  I salivate thinking about it. Comes with some pig hoof, blood cubes, brisket and the works. Service was fanstastic.  Everyone was happy and smiley, and our lovely server seemed genuinely excited to serve us all.
4	Food was pretty damn good and cheap. I got the the beef stew with french bread and really liked it. My bf had the pho tai, which I tasted and also enjoyed. The broth was very flavorful. They had a Yelp check-in deal for free eggrolls, but ran out so that kind of sucked. Also had a nice Vietnamese coffee. Service was fast and friendly.This place isn't that far off from the strip in Vegas, and I like that I can find amazing cheap food so close by.
5	This is the best pho restaurant I have ever eaten at.  I am not a pho expert but, I can taste when someone put their back into it.I have had the best Bun Bo Hue at Kinh Do. (they will make it spicier when you ask)Their banhi mi is delish as well.They have a sate pho that's good if you like the peanut butter taste.The spring rolls are made fresh and you can taste the difference.My favorite though is the big tv with a movie playing of beautiful European countries.It is very soothing and I eat my yummy food and I am always happy.Except when the waitress pushes me to try the vietnamese desserts. I'm sorry that stuff just taste weird!  it has green jelly, beans, and some yellow stuffthat I don't know what it is.  Just say no! unless you like it.Overall, I would like to see this place busy cause I am sick of eating at crappy pho restaurants and I want this place to stay open.  I hate pho kim long.  That shitis nasty pho.  I also hate most other pho places cause the waiters are assholes and if they haven't been busy the nasty noodles have been out all day.
2	Bad service. This would have earned one star for me if it wasn't for the food. Food was ok, of course not as good as SJ or LA, but decent enough. Waiting staff are not very accommodating.  They take a long time to get things, and the joint wasn't even crowded.  The waitress didn't get the orders right...because she didn't pay attention while writing our orders. Typical bad service from a Vietnamese restaurant.
5	I love love love the BEEF SATAY NOODLE SOUP !!!! I'm so addicted! Do yourself a favorite and try it! I'm here twice a week!
4	Definitely hit the spot after a long weekend of partying it up!
4	Yes, this place is one of a thousand Pho places in Chinatown. And it is pretty much on par with most of the other places down there. But for me the best thing about this place is the service. The ladies who always seem to be here are incredibly cordial and helpful, and always chit chat with me while I wait for my food.Agree or Disagree I always seem to feel like an outcast when I go by myself anywhere in Chinatown, and often get a feeling like "why are you here?"But here at Kinh Do they seem genuinely appreciative of my business, and I really enjoy the food as well. I typically always order the same thing when I go for vietnamese. -Pho with all of the meats & extra TRIPE-Banh Mi with shredded pork skin-Pork skin spring rollsOverall, the Pho broth is a little light. It has great flavor, but I like the consistency to be a little more oily. But the Banh Mi is amazing, with great bread, and much larger than most other places, but still a great deal at only $3. And the pork skin spring rolls are the best I have had anywhere with huge chunks of pork skin with lots of meat.The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is both times I've gone there have been small issues with my order. The first time I only got a few pieces of tripe despite ordering the extra, and the second time I forgot to order the extra tripe and I got no tripe whatsoever.If you are in search of that perfect bowl of Pho, In my opinion this isn't it. But if you are really into the Banh Mi and friendly service, then I highly recommend this place.
2	We came during rush hour...3pm on Christmas day. People were everywhere and it was easy to see that they were understaffed (poor waitress was running everywhere). We were seated and ordered fairly quickly as well. We waited 15 minutes to be seated....then an additional 45 minutes for our food. By the time we got our order, the restaurant was pretty much cleared out! Granted, everyone who was seated around our time also had to wait, but pho should be quick! Anyway, this is what we ordered:Pho tai: The bf did not like the beef...said it was very chewy.Pho (well done steak, brisket, tendon, tripe): I liked my dish. Meat was soft, tendon aplenty, and tripe was good too. The noodles were slightly undercooked though.Egg rolls: Skinny and EXTREMELY oily. There was a puddle of oil after we were done. Flavor was good though.Overall, we all agreed that our broth was a bit too bland and the noodles too hard. I think they ran out of ingredients and had to rush everything, hence the low quality of our meal. I will take into account that I am probably spoiled from living in the OC and LA area where pho is everywhere, but for the rating Kinh Do has, it should have been better. Honestly, I'm not sure if I will go here again when there are so many up and coming pho places in Vegas, but we'll see.
4	The food in general is good. The service is hit or miss.I tried the Pho Dac Biet and Banh Mi Ba Kho and can recommend both.
4	Good food.  Great service!
2	We felt like banh mi sandwiches and wanted to try a new place.  I am so torn about this restaurant because the food was good and cheap, but the service was terrible.First off, there is a yelp check-in offer for 2 free egg rolls.  When we showed the waiter, he rolled his eyes and looked annoyed.  Hey, if you don't like giving out the free egg rolls, then stop offering it.There are 9 banh mi sandwiches to choose from.  I ordered the pork combo and my husband ordered the bbq pork.  The waiter told my husband no and that they only had the pork combo sandwich available right now.  What?  You're out of 8 sandwiches?  Weird, but my husband got the available sandwich.When the sandwiches came, I was surprised at how big they were!  And for only $3!!  They are almost twice as big as the sandwiches at Hue Thai, and cheaper to boot.  About half way through the sandwiches, we asked about the egg rolls, which never came out.  Our waiter again rolled his eyes and went and got them.Here's the kicker that really upset us.  We heard the guy at the next table order the same sandwich my husband tried to order before, and they didn't tell him no.  We called over the manager and complained, saying we were told they wouldn't make any other sandwich except the pork combo.  The waiter ran over and said, "That's because when you ordered, the grill was full and it would have taken over 30 minutes to make your sandwich." One, why didn't you tell me that and let me make that call if we wanted to wait that long.  Two, this other guy ordered his food only about 10 minutes after us, so the waiter's explanation didn't make sense.I'm so torn as to what to give this place because as much as I thought the food was delicious and at a great price...I don't know if I would come back because of the service.  I felt really uncomfortable and lied to, and I just don't know if I would try it again.
2	OK place for pho. The soup was a little thin and they were kinda of stingy on the meat. The egg rolls were also so-sop.
3	There are a bunch of different pho places to choose from in Vegas, but we decided to stop by here since it didn't look to busy and because boba is right across the street from here.I am one of the very few Vietnamese people that don't really like nor care for pho, but my friends all really like pho so we stopped by here so they can get their pho fix. If you check in you get 2 free egg rolls btw! Anyways, i got the Bun Bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup). It was pretty good....portions here aren't too great. My friends said they skimped on the meat on their pho too, but the broth was pretty good. The egg rolls were okay, but then again they were free so I can't complain. Service was very friendly and efficient. I also got the cafe sua da (iced coffee) and it tasted strange to me...it tasted like their was alcohol in it lol...maybe it was just me. They take credit card here too so that is a plus. Not sure if I would go here again...food wasn't very memorable.
4	Best bun bo rue I had so far. Great service will come back next time I am in the area.
4	My friends and I stopped in, with luggage in tow, for a hungover lunch before heading to the airport. I ordered the pho with rare steak and meatballs. The broth was tasty and the service was extremely friendly/quick. Every employee said goodbye when we left. Sweet, genuine employees at a pho restaurant?! Other pho owners, please take note!Make sure to check-in on Yelp to get your two free egg rolls!
4	Solid Vietnamese food in Las Vegas.Found this place on Yelp before heading back home and decided to give it a try.  Their dishes are decent and price is right.  The service was very friendly as well.  It's a good place to get some authentic Vietnamese food.Will come around again.Pro:1.  Solid food2.  Great price3.  Great serviceCon:Nothing outstanding to mention.
4	This is the to-go spot for pho after a hard night of partying (or for a satisfying meal). The pho is great but the service is even greater. The staff are so friendly, catering to our every need, and are almost too considerate beyond necessary.  If life was utopia, people would be like them. The broth is rich in flavor and the noodles are succulent. According to one of my friends, it was "Oh Em Gee" status.It definitely hits the spot in times of hunger, thirst, and a bit of a hang over. Remember to check in on yelp for free egg rolls.
5	This is the best pho place I have ever had! I don't know if it's because I drank the night before or not, but the soup was so delicious! My friends and I checked in so we all got 2 free egg rolls which was a huge plus. I ordered the bahn mi which was only 3$ and super filling. Actually came here twice in one vegas trip. Definitely will be back again.
4	The pho saved me what could have been a very unpleasant car ride home. The coolest thing about this place is that the older lady owner is walking entertainment.  She has music on her and every time she passed the table, I got a quick glimpse into her musical preferences.  The uncoolest thing is that a certain customer doesn't know how to properly lock the door when sitting on the toilet.Alright, onto the food.  I don't think I've ever enjoyed pho broth that much before. But don't misunderstand; I'm not saying that this place has the most amazing pho broth. I'm just saying that it tasted really amazing to me. Canned Sprite was amazing to me that day as well; almost as amazing as how Christopher Columbus must have felt when he "discovered" America.
5	"Pho" sure this place is solid choice for some serious pho cravings.  Check in for your free eggrolls (eat these wrapped in the lettuce they give you and add the pickled veggies before you dip it in the sauce - AH-MAZING!).  Next order the Pho with whatever meats you like (i recommend rare sliced beef, tripe, & flank steak for a variety of flavors) AND a bahn mi (try the grilled pork!). Perfect Asian Soup and Sandwich meal! Service is quick, attentive, and VERY friendly!                                                  We go here at least once a month for our pho/bahn mi fix! RECOMMEND! do it...
4	Very solid food, and unassumingly as well! I couldn't believe how awesome everything tasted, and how fast the food came out. Service was good. We were the only ones in the restaurant. Ambience was chill. The cha gio was crisp on the outside and ingredients were fresh. Fish sauce mix was alright, nothing special.The bun bo hue was really yummy and the broth didn't taste as overwhelmed with MSG as some other pho places. The banh mi was a hit. The bread was soft and the fillings were doing their job--filling me and the sandwich up! The Thai iced tea was overly sweet. One weird thing - when we took our half of the banh mi to go, I told the server I didn't need a bag, and she insisted that I take a bag. The bag I got didn't have a regular "Thank You" on there. Rather, it said "Western Family" on there. Weird...
4	The service: 5 stars. Very friendly owners who are super down to earth.The food: eh! Honestly its just another typical pho place at a very reasonable price. I used their check in offer (two free eggrolls!) which were really good because it came with fish sauce, lettuce, and pickled carrots & daikon.Another thing that I've noticed is that almost everything is relatively clean which is something that I look for in every restaurant since it can be hard to come by sometimes.
4	This is only on the Banh Mi. It was really good. The bread was very soft and the pork just melts in your mouth. The only thing with this restaurant was that when we went on a Saturday NOBODY was there. I got the sandwich and also the iced coffee which was pretty good. The owners were really sweet and really took the time to chat and made sure we had a good dinner. I also checked in for the eggrolls. They were really good too.I would definitely go back if I'm craving Banh Mi at Vegas.
5	Long time yelp reader, first time yelp writer.   Straight to the point!  Place is clean and the staff is very friendly.  Unheard of for an Asian restaurant.  Place was light on customers, but who cares, I'm there for the food.  Food prices are decent, and by the time we left 4 more tables got filled.The order:Bun Bo hue - perfect portion of noodles, meat, and 1 pig feet. No blood cake please!Banh Mi BBQ pork- my 6 year old killed it!Shrimp spring rolls - 2 orders and then there was nonePho Bo vien - my 4 year old ate all the meat balls and left the noodles. Ha! Not a very detail writer, but I recommend others to try this place.I come at least once or twice a week.
4	Delish finally a nice waitress
3	I'm from an area near "Little Saigon" where there's about 50 pho places crammed into half a square mile so maybe my standards are a bit high. Most of the folks at my table had the Pho Tai here, and we weren't too impressed. In my opinion, I have yet to try a bowl of pho in Vegas that I was crazy about, so I wasn't too disappointed. I was just glad to have something warm in my belly and that the place was clean & vomit-free.However, we were all big fans of their eggrolls. They had a Yelp offer that gave 2 free fried eggrolls per check-in, and these 4 star caliber eggrolls were the business. Overall, I wouldn't mind coming back here. I also noticed that they had banh mi (Vietnamese baguette sandwich), maybe next time I'll try them out with some viet coffee.Cliff Notes: Typical mediocre bowl of pho in Vegas. Check-in on Yelp for some awesome FREE eggrolls!
4	I wanted take a little break from the $5.00 foot long to try the Pork Banh Mi at Kinh Do. It was cheaper than Subway only $3.00 and it was a foot long.  It was spicier than your typical sandwich. The bread was nice and toasty but not too much where it would hurt your teeth. This is my first time ever trying this so I didn't know what to expect but I was happy with the taste . The free egg rolls with the yelp check in were also very tasty but don't eat them right away! I don't want you to burn the roof of your mouth like I did. When we were leaving we took a take out menu but the waitress said that their menu will be changing . I don't know if that means that their prices will be changing too. I hope not because this was a great deal!
4	bun bo hue.. OFF THE HOOK.. shit was bomb.. service was kinda slow tho..
5	The parking here is kind of tight. I guess that's normal for the establishments on Spring Mountain near the Chinatown. The service here was great. The restaurant looked clean. After reading reviews on this place, I got the vegetarian pho w/ tofu & also a chicken banh mi sandwich. The pho was the bomb. Everything was sooo good! Except for the coconut juice. Maybe it was a bad coconut batch or something. It didn't taste like real coconut juice. I am craving this place again. It's now one of my favorite pho places.
2	The only thing cool about this place is the 2 free egg rolls for each check-in you do on Yelp.Otherwise, it's mediocre Viet food. The pho broth was not very flavorful, and the toppings were not that good either. They were pretty understaffed, seeing how they didn't clear some tables for about 30 minutes while they worked on getting new customers food.
5	What a great dinner!  Many places have a full menu but falls short on the service. Well Kinh Do doesn't.  I've been here many times and had received great service every time. The food orderPho bo bien, BBQ and Dac biet banh mi, com suon, and the free order of egg rolls. Everything was excellent and i highly recommend this place time and time again.  Happy Eating!
4	The pho here isn't mind blowing but it isn't bad either. The high rating is for the service! The older lady working here was super nice and the man gave us 2 extra egg rolls for our check-in. felt like my grandma and uncle were serving me pho! Will be back!
4	We were looking for a quick banh mi sandwich in Las Vegas and Kinh Do seemed to fit the bill.  Our trip was well rewarded.  In terms of atmosphere, Kinh Do is no different from any other Vietnamese/Chinese strip mall restaurant. The same uninspired decor, seating, and art fills the large room, with the exception of a flat screen television that entranced our two year old daughter.  However, Kinh Do makes up for its lack of atmosphere with excellent service, delicious egg rolls, and great banh mi.The egg rolls were fresh and delicious.  They were smaller than we have normally seen them but the size worked well.  The rolls were crispier and stayed that way much longer.  And kudos to Kinh Do for serving lettuce and herbs to eat with the egg rolls without us needing to ask.  The egg rolls themselves made the trip to Kinh Do worthwhile.In addition, we tried the pork terrine, BBQ pork, and chicken banh mi.  While I wasn't that big a fan of the BBQ pork (it was a bit too fatty for me), the vegetables, pate, and bread were excellent.  The pork terrine was great and the chicken was even better.  And at $3.50 a sandwich, you cannot go wrong.We also tried the Thai iced tea.  It too was very good.  We will definitely visit Kinh Do in the future.  If you are looking for inexpensive, good food, I suggest you do so as well.
4	I decided try this place out because of the good reviews.  This place is hidden in a small plaza.  It was empty when we got there at noon on a sunday.  The food came out fast and The egg rolls were very tasty but i thought the pho was just okay. The food was fresh and the service was good.
4	Just off the Strip, easy and convenient to get to, and a nice respite from a Vegas weekend.  Clean interior, good service, free egg rolls.  Bun rieu was satisfying, but when isn't it?
5	Best broth I have tasted in town, the staff was very friendly. I had the combination Pho and it was heaven. This will be my go to spot in town from now on.
5	Awesome!!!!!!
4	Just another good Vietnamese place offering solid pho and tasty broken rice dishes located on spring mountain.  Went here 2 late mornings in a row to cure a post calvin harris surrender induced hang over.  Really friendly owner and employees.  Extra bonus is that you get 2 free fried spring rolls for each yelp check in you do here,  just make sure you ask your server.  If you're looking for a good cheap place to eat in sin city, you can't do too much better than this pace.
4	I'm usually very weary at trying new pho places unless someone can give me a "it's better than (someplace I know)" type of comparison.  But after tons of pho talk with my friend while I was in Vegas, I started to crave it.  I've eaten at Pho Kim Long but wasn't that impressed by their pho so whenever I eat there, I just get their bun.  So off on Yelp I went and researched some places until I came upon Kinh Do.My first impression of the restaurant was that the server was very friendly.  Now that i think about it, I wonder if that was the owner.  Excellent service, nonetheless.  I checked in on Yelp and got some free spring rolls, which were good.  I'm not a huge spring roll fan so that's why I wasn't overly excited about them but they were still tasty.  Can't complain about free.  ^_^Next up was my pho tai and iced coffee.  The iced coffee was the same as pretty much any other Vietnamese restaurant.  Now...for the pho.  There are three main things I look for when I eat pho.  The first being the broth.  The broth here was actually really tasty and I enjoyed it more than I did Pho Kim Long.  I don't like broths that are too consomme-ish and light, nor do I like broths that are too oily.  This one was not bad.  The second thing I look for is the additional veggies that they give you.  I need lots of lemons and I really don't like it when pho restaurants give you a lemon wedge cut into 1/16 of a size and it just about pops out of your fingers when you try to squeeze them.  This place served their lemons in 1/8 size so I appreciated that.  They even brought a generous portion of extra lemons when I asked for more so I appreciated that even more.  The third thing I look for when eating pho is their meat to noodle ratio.  I like to have a slice of beef with every bite of noodle and I'm forgiving if I end up with the last few bites of no meat.  I lasted pretty much the entire bowl with a good 1:1 ratio and only had to only eat a few more bites of noodle with no meat.  Great!All in all, I thought this place was good and when I'm in Vegas and have the need to eat pho, I'll be back.
4	I judge a Vietnamese place by its pho and pork combination rice plate. The pho was not overly seasoned and the noodles were tender and didn't stick into clumps. The grilled pork didn't have enough seasoning and garlic, but wasn't bad. Would definitely consider this as an go to place for some good Vietnamese comfort food.
4	Still hand downs one of my faves for Pho or Bahn Mi's.I will admit some days their broth for the Pho can be bland. Hence my update and a removal for one star.But everytime I try somewhere new I am still disappointed. No one else has fresh meat or ingredients like this place. No one else has a good amount of meat in their pho like Kinh do either.After the other places, I end up coming back here to kill that craving for Pho I get. I am still a fanatic for this place. Especially thier pork sausage summer rolls.
4	This place was a startlingly awesome discovery. Based on Yelp reviews, a group of us decided to go on a whim. There was one waitress serving the entire dining room (seats maybe 50?), but the service was better than many fine dining establishments I've visited!I wish I could remember exactly what I ate -- it was something to the tune of "shredded pork with pork pieces and a side of pork deliciousness". Whatever it was, I devoured it.
4	Vietnamese iced coffee: perfect! It came to the table served the traditional drip pot with condensed milk in the cup below it. Bonus points from me because I love making my own coffee!I ate the grilled bbq pork sandwich, and it was delicious! The pork had a couple of large fatty chunks that I discarded because I couldn't chew them. The prices were excellent - $40 for the 4 of us, including a doggy bag for one dish.On a side note, the music entertained our whole group. Someone's CD on repeat, about 6 electronic versions of classical songs.
4	We wanted to try some Vietnamese food in Vegas, so of course we consulted with Yelp. When you're the only 4 star rated, $ priced option in town, you get the nod.I was a bit surprised that it wasn't busy when we strolled in around 6 PM on a weeknight, but hey, lucky for us. Staff was very friendly and the food was good.I always get the same thing, the vermicelli w/ pork and egg roll, then pour a ton of hot sauce on it. I really haven't had a bad one yet. Pho on the other hand is not my thing, but everyone in our party got it and seemed to like it. I think it's all in the broth and no one had a drip left so it's safe to say it was good?! Price wise I've seen cheaper, but it was competitive. Nice to know it's about 1 minute off the strip where everything looks the same in Chinatown so you better know what you're getting into because most of it isn't in English. This will be a regularly visited place for us when we go back. Nice people, good food and good location.
3	pho: huge bowl, broth was ok, not the best but not oily and came out hot. the tai (beef) was on the harder side and the sach (tripe) was too chewy.pho sate: dad and mom liked itcom bo loc lac: ok but my niece had better. the beef needed to be more tender.eggrolls: 2 free with check in. crunchy and tastyoverall: standard vietnamese joint. don't expect to be blown away but you will get full. probably will not be back as there are other places to try.
2	I really don't understand why this place's rating is so high. I couldn't even eat half of my bowl of pho. It was terrible. Maybe it would have been good if I hadn't tried "good" pho before, but I have so this place can't keep up in comparison. I will never eat here to try and satisfy a pho craving again.
4	It's Sunday, we're hungry, about to leave Vegas, and in the mood for some non-alcoholic liquids. What now? PHO! I'm always down to try a bowl of pho and was pleasantly surprised by Kinh Do. The decoration was not so typical to what I'm used to, but the TVs screens were nice! There was an interesting video of some European sights that gave it a relaxing vibe.Ok! For the review, first off, service was really good. The waitress seated our group of 11 promptly and asked if we wanted anything to drink. After taking our orders, the food came out pretty quick too! TWe also checked in and everyone got free eggrolls. The eggrolls were delicious! It did seem little oily, but I mean, it's fried. They were crunchy and delicious.I had the Pho Dac Biet. The broth was not bad. The veggies were good. Our server even brought out extra onions when we asked. The pho didn't have too much noodle or too little meat, it was balanced.I was really surprised to hear about a pho place in Vegas, but I'd come here again for sure!
4	After a hard night of partying and very few hours of sleep, our group decided we wanted some pho, one of the best hangover foods. We found this little Vietnamese restaurant just a couple minutes from the Rio and saw that it had good reviews on Yelp so we decided to drop by.The pho here was pretty good. The servings were pretty big and there was a good amount of meat and noodles in my order, but being spoiled with pho from Little Saigon, it wasn't as good and cheap as the places in Westminster. I think what made me really like Kinh Do was their Yelp deal: Check in and you get 2 spring rolls. We were a party of 9 so they brought out 18 spring rolls on the house. Pretty legit! Overall the restaurant is good for people who need to recover from the night before and the service is really great. I will definitely drop by again the next time I crave some pho in Sin City.
4	Three of us ate at 9pm.We were met by the owner "Minh" who seated us.  He asked us if we liked spicy and made some recommendations.   I ordered the Vietnamese omelet with shrimp and no garlic.   It came with Romaine lettuce, parsley, cucumbers, chopped daikon and carrots.   The table shared Vietnamese egg rolls with dipping sauce - delicious.  Jay ate noodles with chicken and he loved them.   We had to trick him into coming to a Vietnamese restaurant because he has had bad experiences in the past.   However, not this time.Michele had spicy vermicelli noodles with beef and she loved them.    Jasmine tea was very good.   If I had to criticize, there was one flaw -  the stems on the mountain chillies were not removed.   I had to pick them out and break off the stems.   Overall, I can't wait to go back.
3	So here's the deal: when it comes to pho, people are prejudiced. It's true! Everyone has some sort of bias when it comes to pho for one special place we hold dear in our hearts; it makes writing this review a little difficult.The pho tai here is good at $6.95. It's a big bowl, lots of broth, same amount of noodles as everywhere else I'd say with slightly thicker cuts to their meat. The broth has a rich color to it while maintaining its beautiful clarity. It's flavorful, but still light, and overall I enjoyed it. It was a solid bowl of pho.The spring rolls (egg rolls, whatever) here are different, and mighty tasty. My only complaint is that they don't serve them with fresh mint!Major pro here is the service! Best service I've ever had in a pho place, hands down! You can tell the owners here are very passionate about their business and I have a lot of respect for that. It made dining here far more enjoyable than many of their rivals around Spring Mountain.Major cons (for me anyway): No ngo gai! This makes me very sad as it's my favorite herb and Vietnamese restaurants are the only ones using it.. They didn't have the soda with condensed milk and egg yolk that I've become obsessed with. The sate here doesn't seem as fragrant, more like ground up dried chiles in oil, but still decent.I'm still sticking to the other place that I've found on Spring Mountain for pho, but because of the service here (and because the pho was still pretty good) I'd be back to try something else. The bahn mi at the next table over looked really good!
5	Damn! This place was great. It's off to the right on mt. Spring rd and when you check it they give you 2 free egg rolls. This place was very clean!! It was rated A !  I ordered bun reiu and it was very tasty and had the equal amount of noodles to meat.  Very friendly owners and waitress, overall great place would recommend this place to other Vietnamese friends who are looking for pho near Vegas. Great find yelp
5	Yangchou fried rice. The best on earth :)
4	Came in for lunch after seeing the solid reviews on yelp.  The parking lot was full but I lucked out scored a parking spot.I checked in and received the two spring rolls which came with fresh lettuce, cucumber and mints. I went with the Pho special and the broth was really delish. The portion was good sized and finished the whole bowl including all the soup!Service here is great compared to other places BC the man and woman checked in several times and even offered extra sides for the spring rolls. I'm a big fan of Bun Bo Hue so I'll be checking this place out next month when I return to LV.
4	The typical hangover cure: Pho or Bun Bo Hue.  Both of which has been historically scarce and extremely below average in LV.  However, recently there has been a huge influx of Viet restaurants in Chinatown. This one took the cake with good reviews and free egg rolls w/ a check-in!The bun bo hue was pretty darn good.  Not the best I ever had but definitely exceeded expectations for LV standards.  It did the job.  My hang over disappeared for a good 30 minutes as I sweated my face off eating the soup. My only complaint is the pig foot had barely anything to eat.  Otherwise the owner was there to hang out with us and provide recommendations. Good bang for ur buck even if ur hangover will reappear within the hour.
5	Had the chicken pho. My partner had the beef. Got the the free spring rolls with yelp check in. Those were excellent. So were both soups. The service was VERY good. I drink lots of water and I never had to ask for a refill. Not too far off the strip.  We'll be back.  They take Amex which is rare.
3	I live in Little Saigon in California, and although this is pretty decent Vietnamese food for Vegas, it pales in comparison to here. Their sandwiches, while good, be careful for the roof of your mouth! The eggrolls were pretty decent, I had the pho since i was craving it so much, it satisfied my craving and was good, but nothing special when compared to my local places back home, my relatives had the broken rice, which when compared to pho so 1, they said it was slightly inferior. I probably should have tried the vermicelli.overall a good experience considering I was in Las Vegas, the service was good, but hard to beat orange county in Vietnamese food.
4	Was in Las Vegas for a 4 day conference.This cured my Pho jones.
4	Friends from out of town were hankering for Vietnamese and we chose this place based on the mostly 4 star reviews and the free egg rolls with the Yelp check in.  It has probably been a good two years since I had pho.  That's weird for me to say or even fathom but hitting up all the places I have bookmarked ain't easy.My wife got the rare beef pho which she said was the best pho she's had in LV.  I didn't even have a shot at trying it since she scarfed it down so quick.  I went out of the box and got the curry pho which was filled with veggies and dark meat chicken on the bone.  I really liked the flavor and you could tell this broth had been simmering for quite some time.    Misti Y's review of Kinh Do was the one that stood out while deciding which pho spot to choose.  Lo and behold..who do we run into there but Misti and Bobby Y!!  I didn't notice her review was 2 years old but we still liked it a lot and definitely plan on getting our next phix of pho here!
3	Raised their sandwich price to $3.50.Somehow they don't taste as good now.
1	Disgusting. If the soup was any more bland it would be water. Here's a hint, use soup bone for flavor, not msg. Service sucked more than at a regular Vietnamese restaurant, which is extremely extremely bad. If you hate your job then quit, or kill yourself. We saw the server on two occasions, when she took our order and when she brought the food out. On both occasions she had a bitchy attitude.Food: CrapService: CrapPrices: Crap
4	I prefer this place over pho so 1. The service here is quick, attentive, and informative, and the bowls are fulfilling too! Their bun bo hue is full of flavor and spiciness and the beef for the pho is tender and juicy :) The place may not seem as spacious on the outside, but the interior is decorative and nice. Feels like you're in Vietnam and not Vegas. This is my family's new go-to viet restaurant whenever we're here!
4	Came in for lunch and tried the Bun Bo Hue. The  free wifi here is a nice feature and the ingredients to put inside your BBH were fresh. As for the flavor of my BBH it was good although the quantity of meat could have been more generous.I really liked the fact that I was able to get some work done here and they didn't rush me off at all. The owners are both really friendly here and they do accept credit cards.
5	Checked in for the free eggrolls. I love the fresh veggies! Husband ordered fried rice and I got the pho dac biet. Everything was really good!! The portions are so huge. I didn't even finish it. So good though. Customer service is A++++++. I will totally come back here.
2	Wow, what a HUGE disappointment. For a four star rating, I expected better. Granted, I only  tried the broken rice and vermicelli dish with the grilled pork. Where do I even start? The rice was cooked without enough water so it was dry tasting. The pork and egg dish that comes with the broken rice dishes was tasteless and super dry again. The vermicelli with grilled pork was ok, nothing special. Oh well.
3	We went because of the reviews and it wasn't anything special. We waited a bit even though it wasn't busy and the tables weren't that clean. We probably wouldn't go back.
5	Rule no 1 is to always order no 1. But don't miss out on the banh mi. The bread is made fresh and it was so tasty. The pho was great. Not good but great. The broth was hot until the last bite. I'm a meat lover and there was plenty of meat. Yum. Service was also good.
4	Oh my god... these banh mi are sooooooooo good. I have been looking for good food ever since I moved to Vegas and I found it. I have gone here almost everyday one week and gotten 10 of them... turned everyone at both hostels into banh mi lovers! Every time I go I get one chicken and one grilled BBQ pork..... seriously the best sandwiches ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!These banh mi Francine... oh my god, these banh mi, oh my god!!!!!!!!!
4	I'm having fun trying more restaurants off the strip these days, now that the 'high-end' hotel restaurants have pretty much destroyed themselves first with a trend-chasing dash towards mediocrity then a terrible economy that has caused them to cut back on quality. It's been particularly fun to see the awesome Vegas Chinatown appear out of nowhere (yes I know this is Vietnamese food...).Great sandwiches and Pho, low prices. Not much more more to say than than, if you get it you'll like this place if not you won't.
5	I ordered "banh tam"...which I usually have to make it at home because not all restaurants have it. I usually make mine w/shredded pork (bi) and meatballs (shrimp and ground pork). Well, this place didn't make it w/ meatballs, but it came with grilled pork! My eyes were wide open and I indulge right away! It was one of the best banh tam I ever had! I never thought of having grilled pork with it! Awesomness!!! Banh tam is served with mixed vegies, coconut milk, and nuoc mam (fish sauce). And they offered 2 free eggrolls if you check in! :)
1	Sigh, I really try not to give negative reviews but I was really really disappointed with this one.  I came to Kinh Do with no expectations except what I read from fellow yelpers.  I mean 4 stars with 163 reviews can't be wrong right?  Nope.  Here we go...On a recent trip to Vegas a buddy and I had a craving for bun bo hue (Vietnamese beef soup noodles) and so we turned to Yelp for suggestions.  We saw Kinh Do and decided to give it a shot.  The restaurant itself if fairly large.  It had anywhere between 25-30 tables of various sizes and there were about 15 tables filled at the time.  We were seated immediately and given menus.  I didn't notice initially but there were only 5 people working at the time (Owner, 1 waiter, 1 bus boy, 1 girl that was working the cash register and 1 young girl that I think was the owners daughter).  We knew what we wanted and we saw a check-in offer on Yelp for two free egg rolls so we decided to do the two bowls of noodles, the shrimp spring rolls and the free fried egg rolls.  With our minds made up we proceeded to call someone over to take our orders.  I raised my hand at the owner to indicate that I was ready to order and he looked away.  Ok, maybe he didn't know what I was doing.  5 minutes pass.  I raise my hand again and I waive at him again.  He looks at me, acknowledges me and points to his waiter.  The 1 waiter that was working was really busy running back and forth from the kitchen and really busy passing out food to the other patrons all while the owner was just walking around.  5 more minutes pass and I still haven't ordered.  This time a middle eastern man walked in and was seated at a large table next to us.  The owner hands him a menu and a few minutes later the owner was back to take his order.  Wow right?  What did I do to deserve such bad service?  A few more minutes pass and I finally get to order.  I asked for the beef soup and the waiter told me they were sold out...It was 11:30am and they open at 10am.  How is this possible?  Disappointed but not really giving it much though I opted for the special combination Pho noodles instead.  Now thinking back, they probably didn't make it for the day because that soup base takes some time to make but that's just my speculation.  When the food finally came out they brought two bowls of noodles and the spring rolls.  There were no vegetables for the noodles and no dipping sauce for the spring rolls.  The soup itself was luke warm at best and the flavor was OK.  Nothing spectacular.  Thinking they would bring everything else I had out soon after, I watched them bring out vegetables and other dishes for other patrons table after table and here we are sitting there waiting again.  We couldn't take it anymore and we left.  I have no idea what I did to deserve such horrible service from the owner of the restaurant and needless to say my experience deserved a letter grade of an "F-".  The owner needs to realize that either he staffs his restaurant with enough people to support the size of his restaurant or he needs to pitch and help when it's busy.
4	We went here for a late lunch one day after shopping.  The place is pretty big and had Vietnamese TV programs on.  It was moderately busy which is pretty good since it was around 1:30pm.  My kids split a Pho and there was plenty for both of them.  I had the noodle bowl (not soupy) and there was a lot of meat and very good overall.Pricing was good and we were full.  We'd definitely come back.  This restaurant is located in the Chinatown area and there's various other restaurants in the area but this one had very good reviews on here so we decided on this.
4	If you're in Vegas and you need some pho, hit up Kinh Do!  I live near Little Saigon in Westminster, CA, so this Vegas place can't possibly match up in quality can it?  Yes it can!I had the Pho Tai (rare steak).  There's only one bowl size, but it's large.  Generous servings of meat and noodles with fresh veggies (sprouts, mint, jalepenos, white and red onions).My friends had the bun bo hue and they loved it.  If you check in, you get two free egg rolls.  Not just egg rolls, but full on egg rolls, with the lettuce wrap, cucumber stick and shredded carrots and radish.  If you have four people and each person checks in, they'll give you eight egg rolls!Prices are very reasonable.  The food arrived quickly.  As good as the food was, what enjoyed just as much was watching what was on the TV.  I don't know if it was a TV show or DVD, but it was some Vietnamese travel show with pictures of markets, the foods in the market, the farms, all of that stuff.  Totally made my meal that much more enjoyable.
4	Came in to get my Bun Rieu and Bun Bo hue fix. Soup is very flavorful unlike the other pho spots around the spring mountain road. This seem to be the best spot to get pho. Also if you check in on yelp, you'll receive two egg roll which is DELICIOUS. The waiter is very attentive and very helpful. definitely the best pho spot i have tried so far in Vegas.
4	First time in vegas and I was a bit  down on my luck and wanted to grab something satisfying and relaxing. This is when my luck turned around... we locked our keys in our car right across the street from Kinh Do!  A quick check of yelp confirmed it had good reviews and in we went.I got some free spring rolls with a yelp mention, I got a huge portion of #1, and happily slurped it down to the last drop. Great vietnamese food just like at home in NYC. If you're in vegas for a few days and are craving authentic noodles and soup, this is it. The soup stock they use is perfect.
3	The pho was good but I had better. The workers are nice and attentive.
5	Sabroso. I was right, if most of the customers are from the country of the food, it is always a good sign!
4	Being Asian, I've been making monthly trips to Vegas since I was 5!I hardly eat on the Strip and venture to Chinatown for cheap eats. So glad we found a decent Vietnamese place. Pho is seasoned well. Only complaint is how thick they cut their meat- it was hard to bite.Also tried the bun bo hue which was very good. Had lots of lemongrass flavors. I was missing my pork leg, which is the star of this soup, so I waved down the server. She said they ran out so just added more of the other meats in there. Disappointed with that. Again-- meat was sliced really thick here too.My sister had the bun rieu and said it tasted very close to how we make it at home. I would definitely come back next month and judging from the constant flow of customers, this place was the hot spot!
5	Agree with the reviews here. The food was great and close to the strip. The owner personally came up and explained how to properly set up my Ice coffee. Loved it.
4	good, solid pho.
1	How can this place get 4 star? More like -5 star. The pho I order sucks!! I order large bowl and there is more noodle then the soup base. The noodle end up soaking Up all the soup base. The noodle was little hard. I only ate all the rare beef. Talking about bad service, rite when we sat down we told the server to let us have a min to look at menu. She came back every min asking us are we ready. Why was she rushing us? The place was empty!! Order viet ice coffee. When the coffee arrive, she just drop it on the table and almost spill the whole thing on me. I was like really? Why was she in such a hurry? No table here but us..i will never come back here. Lemon Grass is the best pho in Vegas so far. This place suck !!!
4	Fuckin Dude? Or was it Fuck him though...Oh I meant Pho Kinh Do....anyways after getting passed the Vietnamese name. This place gave me PHOCOMA! Order the extra vinegar red onions and that oil with a green onion, I don't remember what it is called, but that makes your pho broth so good.
4	i got the pho ga and the chicken was pretty dry. the soup was pretty decent though.average vietnamese get it 3 stars, but being in vegas probably makes it the best in town so it gets an extra half star. on top of that, if you check in, you get a free order or cha gio. thats gotta be the best check in bonus i have seen yet. EACH person gets their own order too. so i'll give it an extra star to get them to 4.5. (gotta keep it at 4 though because a 5 star looks too good haha)
4	Very tasty, good broth especially with a little Sriracha and plum sauce supplement.  Also clean and friendly.  The owner Min had an interesting life story about his escape from Vietnam in 1984.  Next time I'll try their spicy beef noodle soup.
2	Pho Kinh do...if not for the name, we probably never would have walked into this place.  After having eaten there, I must say that the name is probably the best part about the restaurant.  I love pho for the soup - I like my broth meaty, rich, textured, and so flavorful that you can burp it up hours afterwards and still taste it.  The soup here tastes like someone cracked open a can of beef broth (the kind that's on sale at the supermarket for 55 cents), heated it up slightly, and then dunked some noodles in there.  The soup was lukewarm, and tasted like msg water.  Ironically, even though the soup was not hot, the beef was already fully cooked (if not overcooked) when it came out - it was chewy and tasted like it had been cooked hours ago.  The summer rolls were cheaper than some of the other places we've tried in vegas, but they weren't anything special - the skin on the ends was hard and uncooked on one of my rolls.  As a side note, their banh mi looked interesting (lots of different combinations, including some with egg!) and might be worth a try.As for service...we sat down and were not handed menus.  I eventually ended up grabbing the menus myself after unsuccessfully trying to flag down a waitress.  It also took awhile to order, and the food came fast, but that's probably because they hardly heated up the soup at all.  The one thing I will say is that once we finally got our menus and placed our orders, the waitress was very friendly and had a good attitude.  That being said, I don't really care if I have to serve myself at a pho place as long as the broth is slurpy delicious.  To summarize: don't come here to eat the pho soup.  It is not anything dac biet.
5	Best pho in Las Vegas! Take a moment to get to know the owners - very cool. Makes me wish I was Vietnamese. That skinny man has some stories! Ask him about his motorcycle accident. Free crispy rolls with a check-in after 5pm. Great prices and a good foot massage place a few doors down.
5	This place is exactly what I needed after a few nights drinking in Vegas! Yes I had the day after voice and cloudy thoughts, so I needed a fix-me-up before the drive home stat. I just Yelp'ed for the nearest and best Pho, and sho 'nuff, Kinh Do came up. It gets pretty damn packed so prepare to wait. Once you get your Pho, it's worth it. The soup is tasty. They're generous with their noodles, meat, and herbs. I only tried the spring rolls otherwise, and they were ok. Not so exciting themselves and kinda plain (I got the shrimp one), but they had that thick peanut-hoisin sauce which is true to the OG wilds.Oh yea and they have bun bo hue! Pretty good if you're going for a spicy fix. I have to say their menu is pretty diverse compared to your typical Pho place and I'm talking with 626 experience! I'll be back next trip fo sheezies!
4	The Banh Xeo was nice and crispy.  We checked in to get the free eggrolls.  They gave us an extra eggroll. Yum.
4	Authentic food and yummy. Even its chinese dish is good. Sitting in the restaurant makes you feel like you are in another country though. Check-in for free spring rolls!
1	Pho broth was very bland...tasteless, no flavor.
4	Love their bun rieu, taste like how my mom would make it at home.  This is the place to go eat when I am in Vegas, and gosh I am in Vegas way too much!! This is the exact place to go when you crave something hot and juicy in your tummy after a crazy night in Vegas, it does help with the alcohol, and it fixes me up right away!! The soup is so tasty, they actually are generous with the portions compared to other places that I will not mention names, Pho So 1!!!!! Ooops.  Anyways great place to eat everyone!!!
4	the decor isn't the best, but the pork special sandwich was awesome. prices are great as well.
5	Great food and great service. As good as new york. They gave us free spring rolls and treated us like regulars.
1	the broth here was bad, the meat was just ok.. not worth it.
2	Ordered the Bun Thit Nuong, a lot of the pieces of meat were either all fat or mostly fat. Some fat is ok, but majority fat is not good in my book. their fish sauce was too sweet for my liking. On to the next vietnamese/pho restaurant!
5	First 2 free eggrolls with check ins.  You get a free order for every person at the table if all of you got yelp and did the check in.  I was the only yelper but the guy was kind enough to give us 2 orders.  The eggrolls were amazing.  On our way out of Vegas decided to get our lunch at a local spot, yelped up and we sure won.  Ordered their sandwiches, they are extremely fresh and tasty.  Also an order of spring roll, the spring roll was pretty avg but not bad at all.  We ordered one sandwich and had them cut into 4 pieces for the four of us.  The Pho itself also is amazing too.  Don't normally give out 5 stars, but the sandwiches and the eggrolls did it for me.
4	Another bowl of Pho...another night I am a happy girl.I went to this place on the recommendation of people on yelp, and I gotta say it was pretty good.  We went on a Saturday night about 11/2 hours before closing and we and one other table were the only ones there.  It looked busy from the parking lot, but that was the karaoke place next door.  This doesn't bother me though considering there was a japanese festival across the street and an asian festival at the Silverton this weekend.I really enjoyed the egg rolls here, they were different from the ones I've had at other vietnamese places, bigger with a tasty filling.  The pho was also excellent, but I gotta say they were a little stingy with the rare steak.  My gf got the filet mignon with rice, and it was excellent.  Very tasty sauce, not heavy.  Went good with the rice and fresh veggies they served with it.   The iced coffee was also super yummy, done the old-fashioned way where you can mix it yourself (I hate when they do it for you).  The spring rolls were hmmm...like everyone else.  I like it when they put more herbs in them to bring the flavor up, cause if they don't lettuce, boiled shrimp and pork, and boiled rice noodles are kind blah....
5	The food and service were impeccable, what a treat! We walked in to the most genuine and welcoming smiling faces, which really set the tone for dinner. We had the egg rolls, spring rolls, seafood pho, beef stew, and avocado smoothie. The egg rolls are the best I've ever had, and they taught us how to eat them like they do in Vietnam, which was a welcome first for me in ethnic dining, I always wonder how folks eat things in their native land, so it was great to be told in a nice way how to do it. The beef stew was top notch, and the seafood pho was stellar as well. Simply delicious, you know? We had the avocado smoothie for dessert, a perfect finish to the meal--not too sweet, which I loved.  It's good to know where to get an outstanding meal in Las Vegas for a fraction of the cost of the strip. Thank you!
5	Wow, amazing banh mi and some amazing pho derivatives.
5	Amazing check-in deal, phenomenal pho, great thai iced tea, and super friendly service conveniently located about one and a half miles from the strip.  Super affordable.
5	Really good to eat. When in Vegas I'll be back. Service excellent!
4	Pretty good pho. All the accoutrements to the pho were right - that is there was a plate of bean sprouts, basil, and limes. They didn't look like very high quality veggies though since there were some brown spots. The noodles were typical pho noodles and the soup was hot and tasted like good pho soup. The 2 free eggrolls were okay. The sauce that came with them needed to be a little sweeter.Overall, I was surprised to find decent pho in Vegas. I would be willing to come back again.
5	Service here is great! I personally like the hu tieu nam vang. Everything was good from the noodles to the soup to almost everything in the bowl. Will definitely come here again.
4	I'm not exactly a pho expert. Other than Kinh Do, I've had pho at three or four places in Vegas. Having said that, this is the best pho I have ever had. The broth was delicious on its own - I enjoyed the taste before I even put any spices or sauces into it. I have never had that kind of pho experience before. Also, the ingredients inside the pho as well as the regular limes and sprouts and basil leaves that were brought to the table were FRESH. And I mean, I could tell they were quality ingredients. Large, juicy limes and fresh sliced jalapenos: yum. That makes a noticeable difference in my eyes and these minor differences in ingredients is likely the reason why their pho was bursting with flavors and very easy to enjoy. I ordered meat ball pho. My girlfriend had chicken. I didn't particularly enjoy the flavor or consistency of the meat balls. However, to their defense, I have never ordered this type of meat in my pho. I usually stick with rare beef or chicken. So, I will give them the benefit of the fact that perhaps I just don't enjoy that type of meat overall. The service was also the best I've had at any pho establishment in Vegas. We were the only table there, which struck me as odd for a Saturday night, but the gentleman serving us was attentive, took our order quickly, and even checked on us a few times. OH! Almost forgot! We also ordered spring rolls: very tasty! This was the first time I have ever had vietnamese style spring rolls, and I was pleasantly surprised. I didn't realize they weren't going to be hot, so that threw me off a little bit! The peanut dipping sauce was delicious!! I will definitely be back and I might even check out some of those sandwiches everyone is raving about!
5	I was pho-kinh recommended to try this pho-kinh place.I pho-kinh-do love this pho-kinh place.I pho-kinh-do love the pho-kinh sweet spectacular service and attention by the lady boss.I pho-kinh-do love how deserted it was at an early lunch. For once I'm not pho-kinh staring at hordes of zombified-over-pho-kinh-partied-out-Vegas-tourists.I pho-kinh-do love my bowl of pho with its (not so oily) tasty broth, fresh beef, and pho-kinh perfectly done noodles.I pho-kinh-do love how cheap it is (after dropping pho-kinh pretty shillings down in most other Vegas spots or the Cathay dimsum craphole nearby).I will be pho-kinh back and totally pho-kinh recommend this place for those who need to fix a pho-kinh hangover (or a sick tummy like mine).Btw, might as well say that I pho-kinh love that BMW outside tinted so dark (including the windshield) that makes me think two pho-kinh words: "PIMP"+ "PUSHER". X)[PS. Pho is pronounced "Fa/Fuh" not "Fo/Foe"]
5	I admit it. I love this place. Through the good, the bad and the in between.I have been a regular at this place for quite a while now. Even when they were just okay with the broth, or some days it would be quite a disappointment. However, I feel safe enough to say that whatever rut they might have been stuck in, they are safely out of.I have been waiting for a while to update my review because I wanted to keep going and eating here to make sure the taste of my pho was consistent even if my visits were consistent.The last couple of months, I have to definitely say that they have been right on spot with the flavor and quality of their pho.And still to this day, I have NEVER EVER looked down at my meat and saw that green, silver, purple metallic tinge of color that I often see at other pho places.The freshness of their veggies remain great, the noodles always cooked just perfectly - soft with a nice chew to it. The spoons and condiments at the tables are always clean and never dingy looking. I fell in love with this place for many reasons but continue to love this place because of the quality of food they provide.
2	Got the Bun thit noung (sp?). Very bland.Friend got the lemon grass chicken - Could barely taste the lemon grass. It was just loaded with chili flakes and pretty much tasted like pepper.Other friend got the pho. She loves pho and pretty much eats any of them but wouldn't finish this one cause it was so bland.
3	Quality of food was good. 4 star, but whatever we additionally order (i.e. no onion, or etc) the waiter said "You got it!" then we never got. lolI'd come back here for tomato soup villmiselli if I am in Vegas.
3	Pretty solid place to get pho in Vegas (assuming you can venture out past the Strip). We went in the early afternoon when it wasn't busy, as there were only two tables occupied, one of them being ours. The restaurant was clean and had pretty modern decor and furniture. The servers were very friendly which is definitely a plus, especially in a typical hustle and bustle pho restaurant.We got an order of spring rolls (2), which were really disappointing and it was clear that they had been sitting out for a long time since the skin wrapping was really tough and chewy and hard to bite into. The contents of the spring roll were just okay too, as I found the meat to be very dry. Overall, not very appetizing and didn't end up finishing mine =(I also ordered the pho with rare steak and flank (my go-to combo). The broth was solid, though not as flavorful as I would have liked. They were generous with the meat and noodles, but the steak didn't taste that fresh and the flank was crispier/crunchier than what I am used to -- it seemed like there was no fat on it! First time this has ever happened to me in the infinite times I've been out to get pho! ODD!! It was also weird that I found about 10 pieces of tripe in my bowl when I had not ordered any...Prices were fair, but I don't think it was really worth the drive out from our hotel on the Strip for this =/I was really hoping to find an awesome place to get pho in Vegas, but alas, my search continues...
5	Great pho!!! Bun Rieu is amazing too. A lot of flavor and a lot of stuff in the soup.
2	Hit up this spot after two nights of drunken debauchery in Sin City thinking it would hit the spot based on its reviews. Instead we were all disappointed (5 of us) by the food and quality of service!! We hit up Kinh Do because it had an average of 4 stars, instead it was by far one of my worst experiences at an Asian Restaurant. 1. We hit up the spot around noonish on Christmas Eve and it was pretty crowded so we waited patiently, however, rather than clearing the table directly in front of us that could fit our party of five, they continue to fill all open clean tables before finally getting to us. After waiting 15 minutes for a table, we had to wait another 15 minutes just to order drinks! There was plenty of time to looked through the menu 2-3x so we ordered during the same time as our drinks. The waiters were dressed in regular chill clothing, which made it difficult for us to wave down a server because they got our drink orders wrong! We ordered Vietnamese coffee, hot tea, waters, and a thai tea. They forgot the Vietnamese coffee and only gave water to those who did not order a drink. That took at least 10 minutes. After they finally brought out the drinks, they asked us again what we ordered. Apparently the server who took our order forgot (he didn't write it down). We ordered two pho dac biets, a beef stew, spicy chicken noodle soup because they didnt have the chicken curry I wanted, and a bun ba hue. My spicy chicken noodle soup was meh. The noodles were OVER cooked and started to absorb too much of the liquid and become mushy. Everyone else said their dish was alright. The thing that sucked was, my brother didnt get his bun ba hue until all of us were about 75% done with our dishes. They never came back to check up on us, and when asked for the bill, they told us to go to the counter to get it. Never hittin up this spot again.
4	The Pho was good at good price. Id choose it over Pho Kim Long any day. For 1 its not as busy and a lil bit cheaper. Id go there again. With so many Pho places in the area its hard to choose but this place had good reviews.
3	This place is a hit or miss . Depends on occasion, weather, time of day, etcetera .
2	ok, I don't typically write too many reviews since most of the places I've tried are highly rated on Yelp but this one definitely warrants one since my experience was subpar at best.Basically this appears to be a family run operation with very little experience in how to serve the customers.  We walked in to a pretty packed restaurant and within 10 minutes it was clear that they were not equipped to handle that many tables at once.  We waited 45 minutes for our food to come out and that's after having to place our order twice since they somehow lost our first order.  I can't understand why it would take so long other than to guess that they are just completely unorganized.The sad part is the food was actually quite good.  The had the cleanest bean sprouts I've ever seen at a PHO place.  You can tell a lot of care went into the preparation.  The soup base does not appear to have MSG in it which is a huge thing for me when it comes to a good PHO experience.  It's really a shame because I would totally come back for the food but the service is bad enough for me to never return.
4	Best Pho in Vegas!!!!! Check out the sandwiches
1	Service was bad. We waited to be seated and a lady we thought work there sitter us. Come to find out, she was a customer waiting for her togo food. She was still waiting when we finally left. Service was not there. Waiters attend to others that came in after us. Three table waiting to order including us. A party of two. When we ordered, I asked no onions and no tripe for my bf. I got a bowl of bland, onions, and no tripe  in my special pho. Little meat and only half of a meatball in my bowl. Broth was bland. I don't think it was the pho broth. I order the grilled pork spring roll. It was not great. I don't think the used the right kind of pork.Overall, they need to trained the wait staff. Be organized and understand what the customer ordered. Have a hostess and a cashier. We could easy walk out with out paying.
4	The best banh mi that I have ever had.  The bread is amazing.  Lee's Sandwich makes their bread fresh on location, but Kinh Do's is better.  And super cheap.  I think the banh mi duc bit is around $3.50.  Awesome!  Amazing!  Their pho is pretty good too.  Very affordable, big bowl, lots of meat.  Because of a friend's recommendation we tried the fried egg rolls.  Too greasy for me.  Was very disappointed.  The people working there have always been super friendly to me and my wife.  Centrally located in China town.  Parking is always a bit tricky.  There are not enough spots.  It is right next to several happy ending massage places.  Plus, beware of parking under signs.  Your car might get bombed with bird do do.  My wife and I are always amazed at how small the bill is.  Must be one of the best value for dollar deals around.  Give them a try (the banh mi, not the massage places next door).
4	i was so wasted/ exhausted/ starving cuz i didnt eat the night before, so i was starvvvvvinnggg! so i almost fainted right when i got my food !! pho cures all hangovers and fatigue lol i think this pho place is better than the rest on this street so far. they give you big portions! i always order the number one lol the broth was really good. it didnt seem like it had msg in it cuz my mouth didnt crave for water how it usually does when i eat at other pho places. me and hubby ordered a side of fried egg rolls, it came with lettuce, cucumbers, and radish... im like what do we do with this. i thought about wrapping the egg rolls with the letuce but wasnt for sure. so the guy came by and told us just wrap it add it all and dip. wow that was pretty good! yes i will come back again!
2	Way overrated by yelp! Pho ok, but small portion and not much meat
5	The boyfriend and I were looking for a good pho spot around the area that was delicious yet reasonable in price. We've been to Viet Bistro since it's closer to home but for their quality, the price didn't match at all. I checked out this place on Yelp and saw really good reviews so I thought this would be our second place to try. As everyone knows it's been deathly chilly outside so we wanted some nice hot soup to warm us up! As soon as we walked in we were warmly greeted by a woman, and she told us where to sit. She offered us hot tea in which we gladly accepted and gave us our menus. There were a few people in the restaurant, wasn't too packed.After a couple minutes a friendly man came and took our orders.I ordered the #1 pho combo which was like $7, the bf ordered #3 which was like $6, and also we ordered some spring rolls which were $3. Our orders came out quick and I noticed that the spring rolls were freshly made! It was delicious, and the peanut sauce was good as well. Not as thick as the usual sauce I've eaten before but good enough. The pho bowls were huge  My boyfriend who ordered the #3 was quite surprised at how big his bowl was considering its price. The soup was delicious and warmed me up, the meat was scrumptious and the noodles were perfect. Not one strand was soggy! The man who took our orders was great, he was very friendly, always checking up on us and other customers asking how we were doing.The restaurant itself was nice and clean, cozy and had a homey feeling.
5	As Pho goes you have to give this place a try.  Ya it's right next to Massage parlor but this place is legit. Then you have to get the egg rolls...Woweeee Wow!! Totally unexpected.
4	A lot of hype amongst the Yelp community, so this place has definitely been on my bookmark list for awhile now. Came here on Christmas day after being with the family at Mt. Charleston. The menu prices seemed median range just like the pho places in the neighborhood. I had the brisket pho and also ordered a bahn mi. The pho tasted pretty standard. My cousin did point out that the broth here is the cloudy, which I just learned that some places are clear. The bahn mi was pretty tasty as well. In addition to having the nice crunch in the bread and the daikon radish was good too. The service was kind of whatever is the beginning, but they started getting nice at the end.  I certainly am not the pho aficionado, but this maybe my new spot favorite Viet spot just because the other pho spots on Spring Mtn. aren't that much better.
4	Came here in the morning after a night of great festivities. The bun bo hue came out realllllllly hot (temperature) and it wasn't spicy at all. Just by looking at the color of the soup prompt me to ask for a side of chili even before sampling it. After the addition of chili, the soup was perfect for my taste because it had that kick and it was a little bit sweet as well. There was a lot of meat including in this bowl and the meat was really tender. My friends got their bun reiu and some other bowl of noodle and everyone enjoyed their food very much. Will definitely come back here when I'm visiting for a quick pho or bun fix.
4	Sharon L. and I were undecided where to eat , so we checked yelp for help. Ha, ha it rhymed. I saw that a friend had many check ins here. And since she is an "Elite" what ever she writes must be taken as the gospel. I have been to this location several times over the years for tasty Banh Mi sandwiches. Back in the day I got several picky coworkers to eat the sandwiches without knowing what was inside. Man if they only knew what was in there!   The parking lot was packed and it was hard to find a spot. We thought it might be really busy inside judging from the amount of cars there. Sharon L. kept saying that if it's too busy let's just go to Jollibee. I said with so many good reviews and seeing that the Duchess is an "Elite" this has to be a must eat!   As we walked in I thought maybe we should expect to be given a flasher and told a wait time. But this was not necessary seeing as we were the ONLY patrons there at 8 pm on a Friday night. O.k there was one other woman there but since the waiter was sitting at her table and talking her up. Something  about  are you a cocktail waitress? And you look good you should be! The restaurant seemed a little bit below capacity.  Anyway he came and sat us and gave us some menus. Sharon L. asked if I was having Pho or "Faux"? Since I have come to the conclusion that "Faux" is a waste of money. I told her politely no thanks, I will be having a couple of the tasty sandwiches tonight. See laughed and said your eating a sandwich at a "Faux' place? Yeah and here's why, when you eat "Faux" you get the faux feeling that your full. You go back to your office, fire up some spreadsheets and in a couple of hours your hungry again. With only that old bag of flaming hot cheetos from the back of you desk to cure your hunger. No thanks!   Sharon L. seeing that I was right about the "Faux" feeling ordered a sandwich with grilled pork and some spring rolls. I ordered two of the special pork sandwiches, I guess at any other place this would be called the #1. The food came fast and my sandwich tasted very good. I also enjoyed the spring rolls with sriracha sauce. Sharon L. spent most of the dinner dissecting her sandwich and picking out things that she deemed ugly. All in all a good meal with good service. Since my water glass was never empty, I went in the back past all the cleaning supplies and boxes to the surprisingly clean restroom! When I returned I was welcomed by the bill with a total of $17.23. A very good price for what we got.   For all the people reading the reviews about getting "Faux" I quote. "And still to this day, I have NEVER EVER looked down at my meat and saw that green, silver, purple metallic tinge of color that I often see at other pho places." - Debra W "Elite". Why even take a chance on  getting "Faux" belly and  some janky meat. Eat a sandwich!
3	Came here after there was a huge wait at pho kim long which is our standard hangover cure place after clubbing. I decided to go for the BBH because of all of the rave reviews and it did not disappoint. The broth was rich and spicy and the noodles were cook perfectly. It was a huge ass bowl for only about $8. And it came with all of the usual fixings of cabbage, mint, limes, bean sprouts etc. I don't think the egg roll check in deal was still up on Yelp, but the owner decided to give it to us anyways without even looking at our phones. All 4 of us. So each of us got 2 free egg rolls to munch on. YUM!  Especially when it's fo freee!It was cheap and quick, even though service was kind of slow because there was only 2 people working. I would be back for the BBH!
4	Whaddya wanna Pho Kinh Do?  I dunno, what do you wanna Pho Kinh Do?  I don't know....Well, when you figure out what you wanna Pho Kinh Do, tell me.  Ok, how about we go to Pho Kinh Do?  Sounds great!I was looking for a Pho place in Vegas while visiting, and a friend recommended this spot as I regularly enjoy Pho in Los Angeles.  I ordered the spicy chicken Pho, and the broth was very flavorful and delicious.  I will return here each time I visit Vegas as a break from the overly indulgent buffets I typically partake in.  Not to mention the price ain't too shabby either.  Definitely recommend.
5	My boyfriend and I were craving some pho with this cold weather and we came across this restaurant. OMG they had awesome pho and most of all the best bahn mi ever. We are from LA and have tried different places for bahn mi and this one tops it. The bread is not too hard and the flavors infused in the bahn mi is fabulous. We will definitely make this place a key spot every time we come to Vegas.
4	This is a great little place, I love it.  SOmetimes, I am the only one in there at 2pm in the afternoon and the place is usually packed at night.   I recommend as top 10 Pho in Vegas. I have not had any other offerings, but I would bet they are really good.   I have been meaning to go back, but rest assured, this is cheap and great pho and vietnamese food.   Gets some fast.
3	Great place for authentic Vietnamese food. You can tell if the restaurant is good base on the broth and their broth is good. The great part about this place is when you check in using yelp, they'll give you two free egg rolls. So don't forget to check in and show the server your phone.
3	Cha goi lettuce stale. It is not fresh as it should when you wrap it with CG.  My bb.riu was good. Not thrill with flavour like I expect.  The broth is slightly saltier than it should. This may be due to  my reduce salt in take.  My son had beef stew egg noodle. That was way too salty.  The b.thit.neung was average.  Nothing spectacular.  I would not make effort to come back to this place.  The service was fine. We came when there were only two other tables occupied.
3	Good pho portion size reasonableThere is no basil NOT authentic
4	Great Pho for you buck. Quick service and very close from the strip. I would come back for sure!
4	I come here on my vegas trips when i really need a good bowl of hot steaming soup. This place gets 4 stars only because of the free egg rolls, otherwise it would be a 3 for me. The pho is only slightly decent, it's weirdly oily without as much flavor as I'm used to. The service is what you can expect at a usual pho place, so nothing special there. Come for the free eggrolls upon social media check in!
5	I love ther v6 on meun -!!
4	Great pho tai, the broth was very flavorful, everything was fresh and the service was friendy.  An unusually bright new-like ambiance, not your typical Vietnamese hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  I need my pho fix regularly and this was an all around good lunch experience.  The usual ridiculously low prices as well.
5	Eggrolls are amazing! Server Jimmy was friendly and made delicious suggestions! Much better all around than other Viet-cuisine in the area!
4	Really good pho broth, light and sweet. The server was very cordial and helpful, good guy. The egg rolls i will have to pass on. Definitely get the pho here.
3	Although the service was good.  The food was average.  Nothing to rave about.  The prices were reasonable.
4	Honestly I'm sitting here waiting for my take-out. Still haven't tried the food yet and I already love this place. Server was polite and super nice. Handed me tea without me asking for one, while I wait for my food. Definitely Service, is better than any Vietnamese restaurant I've been to in Chinatown. Ill continue this review after I eat my food later ;)I was right. food was good, banh mi was good.. and the banh xeo was great! will def. frequent this place!
1	This place is just awful.  The soup is oily and salty.  I
4	My friends and I always have to get Pho before we head out from Las Vegas. We decided to try a new spot for our Vietnamese food fix, and it was definitely worth it!The service was great! They were able to seat our big group of 10 all together and even let us use the yelp deal. The egg rolls were good, some of the best ones I've tried.We each got a variety of different dishes such as bun bo hue, bun cha goi, pho tai, bun rieu, and many more. They were all good, no complaints! This is our new go to spot after a weekend in Vegas.
4	SATE!!!!! Love it, the best in town. Free egg rolls with check in? LOVE.Only thing is that the kitchen works reallyyyyyyy slow. Normally at other pho places, your party's dishes all come out at the same time or at least right after another. Here tho, your friend will get their dish first, finish half of it, then you'll get yours. lol. But I mean, they don't have rude customer service or anything so I'm ok with waiting a little bit.
4	Great food, fast service, excellent customer service! We had p1 pho, spring rolls, V6 vermicelli bowl, and free egg rolls upon yelp check in!I recommend this place for some good Vietnamese food.
4	So my inner Vietnamese woman (iVw) has been seriously craving some yummy cookery and who am I tell a lady no. So we grabbed the mister and shuttled off to Kinh Do to satisfy her deepest cravings. Service was quick, friendly and efficient. Our meals arrived with 5 minutes of being placed which made me think, can rushing a good thing comprise quality. At Kinh Do, no way! Hot fresh and ready to chow!Bun Bo Hue - deep rich brother with a nice amount of dark red annatto oil over the top. The meats were incredibly tender with a nice amount of fat to add to the richness. There were a few pieces of blood cake which taste like liver and pennies. The killer  broth and the thick noodles satiated my iVw in no time. Banh Mi - Vietnamese BBQ Pork. The issue with the banh mi wasn't with the tasty ample meats and veggies but with the bread which was dry and crumbly. A good banh mi is only as good as the bread its in. A great use for the bread was dunking it into the bun bo hue. So good! Like a Vietnamese French dip!Me, the mister and my iVw were all very happy with Kinh Do and cant wait to go back and try a big steaming bowl of bun rieu. Crab and pork for the win! My iVw sleeps now until she's ready to feed once more.
4	best pho in vegas, clean and good services, spring roll was good !!!
4	Staying off the Strip and venturing out from the typical places are always fun when I come to Vegas. After a couple days of going at it pretty hard my body needed me some Viet food and BAD. My trusty Yelp app directed us here, to the "chinatown" of Vegas.The broth, oh the broth is similar to my favorite joint in Denver (Pho 95). You don't even really need to add much to enjoy it either.  If you check in on Yelp you get 2 free egg rolls that are deep fried amazing-ness!I did also get the lemongrass chicken stir-fry, do not recommend this though...they seemed to use cheapy chicken meat and it was defintely not as good as the Pho.  They're quick and service is nice and friendly. Highly recommend for your hungover Vegas ass!
4	hurting after a long night, so we decided on some Pho for lunch. it was just the closet to where we were staying, so we hit it up.The was pho was pretty good. i just got the reg combo pho. can't go wrong with it.ordered a grilled pork sandwich for later, pretty good,(great call be me).Checked in on yelp and there was a free 2 eggrolls! come up! and the server was like oh i got you i'll bring some out for everyone! Service was on point, took care of us like some VIP's. Ordered a bunch of pho and sandwiches to go and they got it all together and ready to go when we were done eating, perfect timing.All in all good food and great service.
3	Good Pho and has a TV.  Here is tip for the waiter.  Don't pull open candy out of your pocket and hand it to 14 month old baby.  We would  go back .
5	Some of the best Pho Tai Nam I've had. Very fresh basil / sprouts on the side.  I will return.
3	egg rolls were good but dang, they are pricy for the same food we get here in Los Angeles
4	Good hangover cure off the strip in chinatown. One of the better pho spots in vegas.  Check-in and you get free egg rolls!
5	This place is a great. If I lived in Vegas I would be a regular for sure.  Great food + great service + clean = happy me.
5	I've been holding back on posting a review for this place because I want to keep it a secret.... HahahaWell I gotta say, the Pho is great with a full flavor broth.  Also the banh mi is best in town!
4	We came here because we were in the area and noticed two free eggrolls per check in. They were delicious by the way.They have a decently sized menu and delicious pho broth. I had sizzling spare ribs on a skillet with rice, it was actually quite tasty. Service was the best part of the meal. Unlike most traditional Asian places, they check on you and actually provide great service. Drinks were always filled, and we had everything we needed. If I'm in the area, I will definitely consider stopping by again!
3	They have great sandwiches and 2 free egg rolls with a yelp check in? Yes please!My only complaint is that the egg rolls were not up to par. They seemed to have a funny after taste and are not the typical Vietnamese egg rolls I'm used to eating.I have been to this restaurant twice. The food overall being good with good portion sizes. Prices are on par and very reasonable.The service was good but I did have to wait a bit for more water.
4	phokinh dope is what this place should be called.Large portioned pho, tasty meats + noodles, relatively clean place, fresh banh mi...what more could you want? Perfect hangover food for those of you in Vegas coming back from a long night (or morning) or just for anyone craving pho. Win.
5	All I could say is this place is a hidden jewel. Best pho...clean, reasonable price, great front waitress, great food. Why go  to pho Kim long...price not worth the portion and honestly taste bad. Gooooo kinh do pho!!!
4	So I'm running  errands before I go back to the hotel and one of my friends asked me to pick up some pho for them. Little did I know I was they ordered a lot of food and I'm glad they did cause I got to try some. The pho was very tasty one of the better ones that I've had; they had all the veggies and other things that go with it and the broth was not too salty. the sandwiches were tasty and fresh and best of all the prices are very very reasonable. Mind you this is 5 hours after I brought the food back so the food held up pretty well. only bad thing  is that they forgot the cabbage for the bun bo hue.
5	Have never been 'off the strip' before. I guess living on the east coast all my life, when i come to vegas, it's to do the very vegas-y things - all on the strip. However, now that i have moved to California, I went to Vegas with the "locals" who have grown up going to vegas with their family on family vacations. We ate mostly off the strip and who knew there was this great pho place 5 minutes off the main strip?!Pho: Generous portions and i mean GENEROUS. In southern california, there are excellent pho restaurants but this place held its own. Amazing broth - rich and deep flavors - clean and not much fat in the broth.Crispy spring rolls: WOW. There were four of us and we all agreed (they are more of an expert since they grew up in southern california) that these spring rolls were amazing - probably one of the best if not the best. Cripsy, warm, salty (yes, but went well with pho)...we brought the left overs back to our hotel and ate them later that night - and they were excellent except they went soggy after half a day :( (of course this is expected).Very reasonably priced. Excellent service.Next time I'm in Vegas, i will def return.
2	Came here in search of a great bowl of pho despite the 106 temperature outside. I was also was in the mood for banh mi and since they had both I figured I'd give it a shot. The bf and I ordered: a meatball pho, grilled pork and shredded pork and trip rice plate, and a pork special banh mi.First off, the glasses in which we were served water were cloudy. On the inside of one of the cups, there was white goo (gross). MEATBALL PHO -very small meatballs and only about 6 pieces. Not only was there a lack of meatballs, but they had a rubber-like consistency and did not taste like anything at all. The broth was edible, but I wouldn't say it was delicious.SHREDDED PORK/GRILLED PORK RICE PLATE -again, portions suck. There was a huge heaping of rice, but as far as the grilled pork--there as only about a 1/3 of a cup worth of meat. The shredded pork was mainly tripe (had like 2 pieces of pork in 1/3 cup of tripe camouflaged to look like pork). PORK SPECIAL BANH MI - now this is the only reason this place gets 2 stars. This banh mi was actually pretty good. The bread had a great crunch upon each bite and the pork was nicely flavored inside. I would definitely come get this here again and ONLY THIS.
4	This is a small Vietnamese restaurant located in one of those strip malls on the ghetto side of Chinatown, but both of the service and food here are excellent!  Prices are reasonable; most of the pho and rice entrees are under $10. Check in here and get a free egg roll!  The beef soup base is flavorful and the pho is cooked al dente and just right!  Service is prompt and courteous.  Good job, Kinh Do!
2	Not terrible, but definitely not the best. Coming from a Viet, the quality and taste of their food is mediocre. Banh Xeo was dripping in oil and the rest of our meal tasted old. Generous portions while the pricing was reasonable. Went there on a quiet Sunday afternoon and the place was empty and not very clean.Great customer service made up for the lack of a pleasant meal.
4	I had the Pho at this place, the girl had the bun bo hue and my mom had the Com Tam Bi Cha Suon Nuong (rice dish with egg and grilled pork rib). Pho: Was a huge bowl, tons of meat and very filling. Soup was not the best I've ever had, but still good.Bun Bo Hue: I tried the soup and I can say that it's comparable to legit bun bo hue places in WestministerCom Tam Bi Cha Suon Nuong: Pretty standard and was a good portion. Overall, the place was cheap and provided a solid vietnamese restaurant experience. :)
2	We came here as an alternative to Pho Kim Long, which is always frequented when in Vegas.  The only things better about this place than PKL are that it's cheaper and they have really generous portions.  The food was meh.  Their nem nuong rolls are huge, but that's cause they stuff it with lots of vermicelli noodle.  The nem nuong itself resembles and taste like sausage.... no pun intended. And theres like 2 pieces of it..  It wasn't terrible - just not very nem nuongish..The rice plate that I had (bbq pork chop) was alright.  I thought it was a bit too salty.  And i asked for an egg over easy, but they fried the hell out of it.I didn't expect awesome service  - I never do when I go to a Vietnamese restaurant. But on top of mediocre food, they have terrible service.  Therefore, the verdict of this review is 2 stars.
4	Pho Bosa was closed (Wednesday) so I ended up here. This is another one of those moments....Thank. You. Yelp. App.The place was easy to find, about a mile up the road from Bosa on Spring Mountain. I walked in and was seated quickly with a fine view of the large TV playing Fox News (?). Tick...tick..tick. No one came to take my order for what felt like 30 minutes, although I'd guess it was more like 10. I finally scooped up an order of rare steak and well done brisket pho along with an iced tea and an order of spring rolls ($12 total). About 5 min later, everything came out. Iced tea was standard. Spring roll was good and the pho....the ____ing pho....was phenomenal. The brisket wasn't fatty, the rare beef didn't taste like concrete and the broth was the best pho broth I've ever had. I was full early on and just kept having one more spoonful...then another...then another...then I was sweating...then I ate more...then there was none left...then I was sad. Compounding the sadness was the fact that no waiter had stopped by for another 10 minutes, so I had to stare into my empty bowl (the alternative of Fox News wasn't any better). I eventually just got up and went to the register. I'm 4-starring this for now, but I have a feeling it will be bumped up to a 5 soon enough. Why? Only the finest in pho will get a 5-star rating from me and I have a lot more searching to do! Also, bleh to the service. Blehh.Note: the check-in offer of two egg rolls is not offered anymore :(
5	My friend was feeling a little under the weather so we decided on some pho. I wanted to try someplace new, so here we ended. Upon arrival, we were promptly greeted and seated. There were only 2 other tables besides ours so service was quick. He took our orders and less than 10 minutes later, out comes our food. I ordered the rare flank pho and my fried got the rare flank and brisket pho. We also got an order of egg rolls. Soup was hot, rich and bursting with flavor. The noodles for some reason seemed kind of thin to me, but it wasn't a huge issue. I love that they werent skimpy on the jalapenos and limes to go with the pho. The egg rolls were fresh and filled with tasty meat and vegetables. As our meal carried on, more people began to fill the restaurant and the wait times for food was getting longer. Good thing we came in when we did. Our waiter checked on us about twice during the meal to see if we were ok, which is a decent amount of times to be checked on. Will be coming back:)
3	Went there for dinner a/c not working got up and left. Will only do takeout. Their food is pretty good.
2	Oh no!  It's my first 2-star rating.  Waaaaah.It's been a while since I've yelped since we've been sticking to our regular joints. But today we decided to try out one of the highest rating Vietnamese restaurants around here.  All I can say is I don't get it.  Pho Annie, a hole-in-the-wall in my area is so much better.  The few items that we ordered all missed the mark. Sniff.The spring rolls with pork sausage did not taste freshly made, like it had sat out in a refrigerator for a while.  The only thing that could have saved it was the peanut dipping sauce, which unfortunately was a watered down disappointment.  My husband's BBQ plate was also a dried out mess - from the rice to the pork to the egg and powdery pork skin.  Where is the warm tender greasy savory goodness I am used to in Asian plates? And to top it all off, my beef combination pho was missing beef balls, the meat was very tough (definitely no rare slices went into it) and the broth, though tasty, was forgettable.  The place is large and clean and equipped with great service though, so all was not lost... especially if you were in the area curing a hangover.  This will do.  But don't come by sober.
3	The BF and I didn't realize our favorite plate place is normally closed on Wednesdays...oops! so we ended up here. We got a order of eggrolls/cha gio to start. There's were super crispy and and more like the skin I'm used to around shrimp cakes which is more flaky. I kinda like this as it makes it really light and crisp.  All the veggies (lettuce, cucumber, mint) and pickled daikon and carrots were all good. I got the special pho and the broth was pretty flavorful and balanced with the spices. All of the brisket, tripe, tendon, beef ball and rare steak was decent enough in it. The BF really wanted rice plate so we got BBQ Pork. Flavor was decent, but it was BBQed too much to where it was dry. He traded me for my pho halfway so it was fair at least. The rice was seasoned nicely though, I can taste a nice lemongrass element to it. Service was alright enough. Our waters were refilled. We had to get up to the counter to get our check though. The place is large and clean so it's a good spot for those pho-bic of some of the more hole in the wall places. I say stick to the pho here and the eggrolls though. Skip the rice plate.
2	This place is overrated. Yelpers had let me down again :(I was in the mood for some bun Bo hue during my vacation in Las Vegas. Took the cab here only to find my bill for the bun Bo hue and cab fee did not justify the trip. The soup was overwhelmed by spices and lemongrass. I'm sure there was one piece of pig feet chunk and some slices of beef with a few strands of noodles topped with way too much white onions! Nah. Will not recommend this place. The staff was friendly though :)
5	LOVE LOVE this place! heard about it from my mom and is now my favorite pho place!!! the staff was very nice and greeted once we walked in. the egg rolls are bomb as well as everything I ordered... go try this place it's worth it
4	My new favorite pho spot in Vegas.Hits:* Standard, low-maintenanced pho restaurant with plenty of seating* Solid, full brothed pho that came and stayed scorching hot (the way I like!)* Relatively good service -- my water cup was filled at least 3 times without my askingLessons Learned:* Pho on a 3-digit day is just not the best idea evarrr -- even the A/C plus the fan behind me couldn't keep me cool enough* Cash only... Dang it!* It is ok to BYOB or BYOHA here ... In case you wanna take swigs in between spoonfuls of soup -- a neighboring party shamelessly displayed their bottle of Citrus Skyy on the tableAfter dining here, I'm with Andrew C on this one... this place is Pho Kinh Dope!
4	Like many other asians, I must have PHO the day after a long night out in Vegas.  I busted out my phone and started yelping for a good pho place since I am one of the picky-pho-eaters out there.  Thankfully, this place popped up and away we headed to it.  When we got there, it wasn't crowded so we were seated immediately (next to a fan too = a plus since it's summer right now).  I was a little skeptical with the pho that I ordered but at that point, I had no choice.  I just needed to inject some of that pho broth in my vein to feel alive again.  To my surprise, pho at this place wasn't so bad....in fact, it was GOOD! I literally devoured my bowl in no time.  The broth wasn't watered down like at some places I went to nor was the noodles too hard or too mushy.  The temperature of the broth was perfect  ( I like my pho to be hot and not just luke warm).  For sure, the next time I find myself in Vegas again, I will definitely stop by to get my pho-craving fulfill.
4	Food was good, the amount was pretty large didnt expect it to be good since there only a few people in the place. They are known  for their bahn mi which I should have ordered instead of the rice dishes. The soup that my wife got was really good. We definitely will visit this place again this time im getting the Bahn Mi
5	Its my new place for pho and sandwich. Im so sorry for phokimlong...Btw here pho broth is very tasty and portion is pretty big.and good price. Must try bbq pork sandwich
3	This place is way under staffed for the amount of customers they serve.  The food was mediocre, tasted like every other pho restaurant in Vegas and it is fairly priced. However, their egg rolls are really good. Getting our food took a very long time but we did get free egg rolls to compensate.
5	The pho was good! And the 2 free egg rolls check in offer gives this place its 5th star. Good customer service!My new go-to pho place when I go to Vegas.
5	Best sandwiches.. #43!!!! The bread is amazing.
5	The customer service here is amazing. Our server accommodated to all of my party's needs, whether it was to personalize an order or to split checks. I loved how he always said "you got it" in response to our request. On top of the great service, the Thai iced tea here is delicious! It's not too strong, too sweet or too creamy. It was just right on this hot summers night. I am vegetarian and could not find any veggie pho. However, our server happily agreed to my request of pho with veggies.Additionally (seriously, the positive things just don't end), my party of 10 people stayed 30 minutes after the restaurant closed to finish our food. Even though it was after hours, when my boyfriend asked for a banh mi sandwich to go, they did not turn us down even when the kitchen is supposed to be closed.BTW: make sure you check in on Yelp when you eat here! You get free egg rolls :)I really wish there was a pho place like this back in California with such great service.
5	while in vegas, we searched for a viet restuarant that would satisfy our craving. we drove past the pho87 and saw the challenge but saw horrible reviews, and decided to come here instead. excellent choice as we strolled in about 5:30pm or so and not many people were there. the service was fantastic and we each had a declicious serving of pho, reasonably priced, and we each had drinks as well. thai iced tea was great and iced coffee was definitely strong. thanks to yelp, they gave us free spring rolls for our check in. 2 per check in and they were nice enough to give us 8 spring rolls! such hospitality doesn't exist in vegas?? the broth from the pho was delicious but do watch out because the sriracha sauce was extremely spicy! .. all of us were breathing like a dragon afterward. great food and service here!
4	Came here with my family, needless to say this pho place was good! The broth itself was a little tooooo sweet; sister said it tasted better the last time they went. Got Pho Tai with Bo vien and it was a good bowl of pho. The service was nice and quick and for around lunch time it was not to crowded like it usually is. Probably one of the good pho places I have been too.Lost a star because of the broth being tooo sweet.
4	Stopped by Kinh Do during my last Vegas trip. The group was in dire need of Pho, but we decided to try something different than Pho Kim Long, plus their lines are crazy. Found Kinh Do, and this place is great! There was a line of ppl waiting, but we were able to get seating immediately due to our party size (7 ppl). Some of the ppl got their 30 mins later due to car issues at the valet, but the staff was very understanding and accommodating. Their pho is good and hit the spot. We got the free egg rolls from the yelp check-in, and they were super crispy and def worth getting. Not only is their food delicious, but their staff is probably one of the best I've experience for a Vietnamese Pho restaurant. They even helped call us a cab and chit-chatted with us when we were hanging out after our meal. Will def go back the next time in Vegas and craving Pho. Read good things about the BBH, so I'm looking forward to trying that.
4	Stopped by to get couple of sandwiches before the long drive home.  They are good. The bread was crusty and crunchy but not hard; the meat portion was good. Rating = Good.
4	Went here for lunch on a weekend and they were really busy.  I ordered the beef combination pho and I thought it was really good.  I can tell that the broth here is noticeably more flavorful than others I've had recently, and that the flank steak pieces had this smoky/bacony yummy flavor that I don't remember tasting before when eating pho.  We also ordered some spring rolls, which were fresh, tasty, and very refreshing.  The service was slightly delayed but it's understandable because of how packed they were, and they're packed for a reason.  I give Kinh Do a solid 4 stars for our visit.
2	I really don't understand why this place has such high rating. My partner and I ordered Pho Tai and egg rolls. It was terrible! The Pho is known for their broth. It was like eating instant pho noodle. The key flavors is the richness of the beef broth and the star anise. I could hardly taste both ingredients. And for the egg rolls. It was okay but the dipping fish sauce was gross! All I could taste was vinegar and water down fish sauce. It wasn't sweet enough and not very authentic to Vietnamese cooking. I have my fair share of pho restaurants through out California. This place by far was one of the worst food I have ever tasted. If you are going to represent vietnamese cuisine,  you have to at least stay true to it taste. Do a little more research. Eat out more and travel so you have something to compare it too. This place is a total miss for us.
4	I didn't know what to expect in Vegas in terms of Pho and well, I'm very picky when it comes to it because I'm so accustomed to my mom's cooking. On Spring Mountain, there's probably like a billion Pho places to try, but I think this was the one my parents recommended me when I moved to Vegas.The moment I walked in, a Nujabes song was playing and I thought to myself, "HOLY CRAP, THIS IS AWESOME!" Then I was greeted by a woman who worked there that was sitting on the side talking with her friends. The moment I spoke in Vietnamese, hospitality increased by 10 times. They started to talk to me asking me what I'm doing in Vegas and why my Vietnamese was good. (I personally think I'm not that great...)The interior looked pretty decent and clean and I ended up talking with the owners for a little bit more. In the end, they invited me to their friend's spa that's having a potluck and said it would be a good opportunity to meet more Vietnamese people. (I felt like it was also a sales pitch, but I'm a bit of a loner since I moved here.)Well anyway, I ended up ordering Pho Dac Biet to go. When I got home it looked like the standard Pho. Bloody meat, Bo Vien, basil, lime, you know the usual! The moment I tasted it I realized the difference compared to the other Pho places. The broth didn't give off this unusually sweet taste that the others use which is a huge plus to me. Even the tripe was easy to eat and not hard like some places.This place deserves the 4 stars, I really enjoyed it.If you're a fan of that incredibly sweet broth, go elsewhere, but to me, this is perfect.I'll come back when I don't feel like cooking at home. :]Pro tip: Learn Vietnamese, your score on the service will increase.
4	Large portion and a fair price! Sure beats the Pho spot I was contemplating inside T.I.
2	Not worth the wait if you go with a big party.
2	The service was very friendly and they get most of their stars for that. The menu was fairly limited compared to some of the other pho/Vietnamese food restaurants.  The check in offer was a free order of egg rolls. Since we came early in the AM, he had to check if they had any prepared yet. Turns out they did, and they were fresh and delicious. But, unfortunately I am pretty sure they ended up charging us for it. The pho was bland and extremely forgettable. I really fail to see where these high ratings are stemming from. They skimped on everything AND the broth tasted like hot water until I added sriracha, then it tasted like sriracha water. The bathroom looked like it doubled as a broom closet. I don't have any reason to go back or recommend this place to friends.
5	EASY 5 star review in my book based on these two things : The Pho Tai & Banh Mi!Pho Tai ($6.95): Rare Sliced Beef Noodle Soup. Awesome! Broth is a little darker and more "meaty" with just the right amount of salt. So much flavor in here...from the first sip, I knew this was my new FAVORITE in Vegas!  Portions are large, lots of meat and goodies hiding inside, and all at a great price!  Can't ask for more!Banh Mi Thit Nuong ($4): Grilled BBQ Pork, Carrots, Mint, etc. Sooo good! Packed with so many goodies in a soft sweet bread, with a little crisp on the outsides. BEST Banh Mi I've had so far!  The difference is in the flavor of the grilled pork, and the amount they give you in the sandwich...Yum :PBanh Mi Bo Kho ($7.95): Beef Stew with French Bread. VERY flavorful broth, fairly spicy, with super tender beef...fall apart actually. Again, the best I've ran into so far, although I don't typically order this dish often, so take that for what it's worth. Can't go wrong here!We got Complimentary Egg Rolls with Yelp check-in! These were pretty tasty, with all the veggies / goodies to wrap them up and eat.  Good, especially considering they were free LOL.I found me a new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas!  Thanks Yelp :PPics :
3	Is my taste buds weird or something? Because I don't really see the greatness that is Kinh Do. I really don't. My parents and I decided to try this place due to the high reviews on yelp. Also, when you check in on yelp you get 2 free egg rolls. Yay! FREE FOOD! When we went in, there was only one server working but there weren't a lot of customers so it wasn't as though we got slow service. The menu was very lacking as far as varieties go. There wasn't much to the menu compared to a lot of other Viet/Pho places that I've been to. I normally get a beef ball with rare steak pho but they didn't have the option. They only had a beef ball pho or rare steak pho ... no combo. But when we asked, they did make a combo for me. The egg rolls came out first of course. AND I GOTTA SAY: Sorry, I do not like. I took a bite and no longer wanted it. The wrapper they used to wrap it in is very different from what I'm used it. It was more chewy than crispy. I'm not sure if it's their wrapper or if they just re-fry it when a customer asks for it. The fish sauce it came with wasn't very ... good either. But hey, it was free. As for the pho, well, their soup base is ... interesting. It was very sweet. I'm not really a sweets person so the soup base turned me off. I ended up adding a bunch of siracha to my soup -- my bowl was red by the end of the night. Alas, it was futile. It did not mask the sweetness of my soup. They actually also forgot to put beef balls into my mother's order. She had ordered the combo with everything along with my father. My father had beef balls in his but mother did not. We had to tell them about it and they had to come out with beef balls in a small separate bowl for my mother. How do you forget something like that...?I don't think I'd visit again to be honest. Just does not tickle my taste buds. I think I still prefer Pho So 1.
4	When I'm feeling a bit under the weather, I always want soup of some sort. Pho always does the trick so I  had to get pho.We checked-in and got 2 egg rolls for free...little did we know we were being stalked by a baby named Will C. We got a #9 Pho Tai Nam, #26 Bun Tom Thit Nuong Cha Gio, #43 Banh Mi Thit Nuong...lots of thits in this place.Egg Rolls:Come with lettuce, pickled carrots, fish sauce + vinegar. You wrap the egg roll in lettuce, add the pickled veggies, dip in sauce and devour. I like the puffy crispy fried wrapper. There's tasty meat and carrots inside. 4/5Pho Tai Nam:Rare sliced beef and well-done flank. The broth was very tasty, darker and it's different from all other pho places in Vegas I've been to. I finished the whole bowl and wanted more. 4.5/5Bun Tom Thit Nuong Cha Gio:Vermicelli with grilled shrimp, grilled pork, sliced egg roll, toasted garlic and pickled veggies. Not only did this bowl look so pretty, it was also delicious. The toasted garlic added flavor and crunch.  5/5Banh Mi Thit Nuong:Grilled BBQ pork with pickled veggies and cilantro. Their grilled pork is really good. The baguette was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside - just the way it should be. I love the flavors in this sandwich. 4.5/5Good thits! I just wish they were more generous with the pho that's fit for my appetite. Service was good.
3	Beef stew was delicious. Unfortunately, this stewed meat was really fatty.
3	It's in Las Vegas China Town so this place needs to step up it's gameOn the tabFree eggrolls - yummy and I love this type of wrapper. not the usual onePho - way too much star anise but the meat was delicious. however, portions are very smallBun bo hue- the color was on point and meat (again) was delicious but unbelievably blandVietnamese coffee- terriblePros:Lots of parkingGood nice serviceMeatsCons:PortionsAlways an ingredient off
5	Some really great pho. Service is great as well. I always come here during my vegas visits. Pricing is good. It's a lot better than pho kim long. Too expensive. Definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	Get off of the strip and get to great Vietnamese phood.  They pack up your food nicely and we got extra egg rolls for checking in.  Mmmmm.
4	Checked in via Yelp and we got two eggrolls to munch on while we waited for our food.It was after volunteering for Magical Forest that I wanted Vietnamese food.  When we arrived at 9pm, we were the only customers.We ordered the following:-Vietnamese Crepes: This was good.  Earl liked this more than the ones we got at Star Noodle in Maui, by Chef Sheldon.  That says alot.-Bun Bo Hue: One of my favorite bowl of noodle, unfortunately, the pork hock (which is my favorite part of the soup), was not tender.  It was so chewy, that I threw it aside.  I hate when this happen.  Very few places get this right.-Beef stew with Egg Noodle: Earl liked the soup, but he quickly realized that he prefer rice noodle over egg noodle.  He know next time to request for rice noodle.  I prefer to get it with a french baguette and dip it into the soup.Overall, we like Kinh Do and will return.  I should give Pho and try next time.
5	The restaurant had tinted windows so it isn't as inviting as other Vietnamese restaurants around the area but because of the good ratings we decided to give it a try. We tried the pho dac biet and bun bo hue and they were both good! The service was excellent, we were greeted as we walked in, checked on during the meal n thanked as we walked out. We'd definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone that loves tasty n authentic Vietnamese food! Yum Yum
5	There are numerous Pho restaurants in the Spring Mountain and I am far from trying them all, but so far Kinh Do is my favorite so far in my exploration.  I came here the first time because of their free egg roll Yelp check in offer, but that marketing trick definitely worked because I've been back multiple times.  Also their egg rolls are awesome and I'll explain more in a bitThe Pho - The broth is super flavorful!  The noodles are a great consistency and the price ranges in price from 7-7.50. They have all of your usual ingredients such as rare steak, flank, tendon, meatballs, & tripe.  You can get it in any combination that suites your palette.  I usually get it with everything but the meatballs, but that is just a personal preference, there is nothing wrong with the meatballs, I just don't need them in my Pho.  I've taken a couple people here and they all seem to like it.The Eggrolls - They come out with all of the stops and they are FREE when you check in on Yelp.  You have your Lettuce, pickled veggies, and fish sauce with their wonderful deep fried goodness.  I would without question buy them if they didn't already come with my meal.It is a low maintenance restaurant and I've never had to wait for a table.  They have a flat screen TV and their waiters and waitresses are super nice.  There really isn't more I could ask for in a Pho Restaurant.  As long as I live in Vegas, I will be making trips here!
5	Great little find before we head off to the airport at the end of our Vegas trip. The food were all very flavorful and different then the regular Vietnamese noodles. First time mom raved about fried egg rolls at any restaurant. Would definitely go back again.
5	So.. Pho Bosa was closed yet again, which puts us in the awkward position of looking for a different Pho place, knowing that disappointment was likely. While I'm searching nearby restaurants, I noticed Marie T. had checked in here just a few hours prior so of course I shoot her over a text to ask how it was. With her approval, we waltzed over. Checked in and got the complimentary egg rolls, which were amazing- on par to the egg rolls my mother makes, which is a huge since I was starting to think my mother made the best I would ever have. We both had the #5 pho, which is the typical "special" pho dish served up everywhere; it had tripe, brisket, rare steak, beef meatballs (which were especially good here), narrow cut rice noodles in a phenomenal beef broth. It was really great. Definitely as good as (if not BETTER) than Pho Bosa, and the amazing egg rolls (better than PB) are what put it over the top.Beyond that, this restaurant seems to be reliable. As in, open when it's supposed to be- no showing up with a note on the door saying the staff is out sick, or spending time with family. And I believe that they're open 7 days a week. This is our new #1 Pho place.
3	We came here because our favorite Vietnamese restaurant was closed for 'electrical repairs.'  How crazy is that?  This restaurant was clean, the service was nice.  Don't forget to check in so you can get your 2 free cha gio egg rolls, which were hot and crunchy, great wrapped in the greens with mint and the nuoc mam dipping sauce was fine (not as flavorful as our fav place, but fine).  I prefer the leafy green lettuce, but they used romaine.  My usual grilled shrimp w/grilled pork over vermicelli was ok, the pork a little overdone and chunky vs the thinner slices that are so much tender.  Our caramelized short ribs were good.  I don't recommend the clay pot caramelized fish unless you enjoy skimpy portions of fish in overcooked sugar sauce and you like spitting out the bones.  Yelpers gave this place a good rating, but I think 3 stars is generous and it's because the interior was clean and the service friendly.
4	The best place for Banhmi - pork combination is great ( less than $4.00)  i prefer bun bo hue to pho - this place does not have the best bun bo hue. It is too greasy/ fatty :(   Pho is good - nothing special but good enough. Overall 4 star - friendly servers and good enough food
4	I'm from San Diego so this was actually the 2nd pho place I've tried in Las Vegas --- I think the other place was Jenni Pho or something. Anyway, the broth was really flavorful and the noodles were cooked just right. Generous portions and nice staff.Make sure you check-in to get some complimentary egg rolls!
4	Yelpers are right on all fronts here:1. check in on Yelp, get free egg rolls. 2. Pho broth is the best I've ever had (in NY, it's not as good)3. Service is so friendly, it's like you're part of their family.4. The price is right! BF and I split summer rolls, a bowl of pho, and bbq pork banh mi for $14.59 :DThere are so many viet places in the area you probably can't go wrong, but this was the first I tried trusting my fellow yelpers, and I agree 100%.
5	This is the first pho place I've tried In Vegas and it's my last! The good here is amazing and the service is always great. Pho has great flavor and they have amazing egg rolls!
4	Huge portions! Loved the 2 free egg rolls upon yelp check-in. They egg rolls came out nice and hot with crispy skin. Would definitely get again! I got the grilled pork bun. Instead of noodles, I just asked for veggies. They were kind enough to substitute bean  sprouts for noodles. It was great! Pretty much had a paleo salad with a very generous portion of pork. The pork was a tad dry, not sure if it's cuz the cut is super lean or they overcooked a bit.
4	Stopped by on our way out of town. Clean modern place. Prices are quiet reasonable. Two of the three of us ordered Pho, wife ordered hieu tu. All of us agree the soups were good. Didn't knock our socks off but none-the-less a good way to start the day and sure beats pancakes or omelets for breakfast.
5	I never wanted to find the best pho in Las Vegas. Well, I would in an ideal world, but after being burned so many times, I just wanted one place that measures up to my Californian standards. I think my quest is finally over after lunch yesterday.All you really need is a hot flavorful broth, lots of delicious meat, reasonable noodles, and some thai basil and lime on the side. The pho dac biet (#5 [EDIT: appetizers are #1-#4] on the menu) came out very quickly after I placed the order (not a busy lunch hour). It satisfied my palate entirely, and it was very filling, about the same as a typical large pho somewhere else (there's only one size here) and very much worth the $7.49.I also ended up with two cha gio (egg rolls) from the free Yelp check-in offer. They were very crunchy and filled with pork, carrots, and mushrooms the way I'm used to having them, which is not the same as your typical Chinese egg roll with lettuce and whatever mush is in the filling. A quick wrap in lettuce and a dunk in nuoc mam was all I needed for a nice appetizer.Pho Kim Long, Lemongrass Cafe, and Da Lat all failed the test, but Kinh Do has passed with flying colors. Other than the Mexican server, they'd fit perfectly in San Jose. Actually, given the demographic trends, I guess they'd still fit.
5	After night 1 of clubbing, we decide to head out for pho for our customary hangover recovery meal. One girl who partied too hard stayed behind and requested we bring back some pho with rare steak and tripe. I asked the girls where we were headed and they replied Pho Kim Long which I quickly protested against. They don't even serve tripe there so I said it shouldn't even be an option for where we go.We found this place after doing a quick Yelp search and I am glad we discovered this place. Although it looked like they were short-staffed, we were constantly checked on and served very quick. We used the check in offer and got some free egg rolls. They were freakin good!! I ordered pho of course. The broth had a good flavor to it. My friend ordered the bun thit nuong cha gio (also one of my favorites). Their portions are huge!! I usually complain about ordering bun at other locations where they load up on the bean sprouts under the vermicelli and toppings. This place does not disappoint!This is definitely going to be the new go-to spot when we're craving pho. The only downside is that they aren't open 24/7.
3	Excellent egg rolls!  Light, airy and crispy shell.  Pho was decent.  Soup was good.  Meat was very good.  Noodles were too soft and clumped together.
4	This was my detox meal after a week of over indulging with my family.  The prices seem a little cheaper than some of the other pho places and the broth was flavorful for the pho and the bun bo hue.  They have a free check in offer of 2 egg rolls.  I really enjoyed the egg rolls, the egg roll wrapper is different than most places, crispier and almost slightly flaky!  The bun bo hue with the spicy lemongrass broth was very good and I enjoyed the meat loaf that comes with it.  They also have large chunks of beef.  I just wish it came with pieces of tendon as well.  The pho broth was tasty, but the noodles were clumped together and seemed a little over cooked.  I had been here once maybe a year or two ago and they have renovated the interior, much nicer looking than before.  The place seems very clean and the service is friendly and quick.
5	My family and I loved this place! The best egg rolls that we've tried so far.
4	My friends and I were already driving to Pho Kim Long when we decided to try a new place (and Pho Kim Long doesn't serve tripe). Thank you Yelp for bringing up Pho Kinh Do! We pulled in to the small plaza and found parking just fine. VENUE: Small, more family-like and home-y. We were greeted right away and told to sit at table 17. However, table 17 wasn't cleaned off yet and it was one of those big round tables so I led up to table 18 (a small 4 seat table) that I later regretted as our food started arriving.FOOD: Good! I had the bun thit neung cha gio - dry vermicelli noodles with bbq pork and egg rolls. My 2 friends both ordered the pho dac biet. Check in offer for 2 free egg rolls but the waitress brought us 3! Yay! HUGE portions!! None of us finished our food and we took an order to go for our friend and just the bag itself was gigantic!SERVICE: Great! There are less workers than normal but they are super quick and friendly. We were checked on several times and never had a problem flagging them down. We never felt rushed like we did at Kim Long.I think I've found my new pho place in Vegas!
5	The best Vietnamese food and nice size portions!  Walked out of Kinh Do full, normally doesn't happen in Hawaii!  Bonus:  got my free egg rolls with check-in!
5	The banh mi here are second to none in Las Vegas!
4	Five star bun.Four star spring rolls.Three star bahn mi.
4	My go-to for good Vietnamese food when hungover in Vegas.  Think: a savory, hot, delicious bowl of noodles to quell a queasy, hungry stomach.  This place is located in Chinatown so you'll have to take a cab if you're staying on the strip but the drivers all seemed to know the place I was referring to.  The place was so good we went there twice during our three day stay.  Must have been because the service was friendly, food arrived fast, and noodle soups tasted authentic and fresh.  YUM!
4	This is one of my all time favorite lunch spots near my work. My girlfriend introduced this place to me a few months ago when I was craving Viet food. She encouraged me to try the bahn mi sandwich.  I immediately fell in love. As I got to explore the menu.. I quickly found this spot to have some the best pho I've ever had.. from living in California to now recently residing in Vegas. The rare flank is awesome especially when you get it served on the side instead of already mixed in the broth allows you to drop in at your leisure to get soft "rare" slices of beef. Quality soup.. very flavourful! ..Great cure for hangovers! I really enjoy the bbq pork rice dish and the spring rolls are amazing (always fresh). The peanut dipping sauce for the spring rolls is definitely on point and is a must try if you eat here. Also the prices are very reasonable and just a great place for friends and family to get good local Vietnamese food!
5	Such great service and excellent food. I had the #7 and some hot tea. Perfect on this 40 degrees day.
5	This place is pho-Kinh Do-pe. Staff are extremely attentive and nice. Friend spilled water across half the restaurant, but they were cool about it. :p egg rolls are bombbbHad the spicy Ban. They filllled it up with meat. Broth was excellent. Finished it off with the desert shaved ice. Super fairly priced and a good hangover cure.
5	The food was great here:)
4	Pho was definitely on point and super tasty! I got the rare steak and well done beef pho and it was so good! I also go the spring rolls and they were delicious as well! The whole order was actually to go and everything was still piping hot when I got home. Will definitely be going there again :) also you definitely can't beat the prices!
4	Good food after a night of drinking. Friendly service. Great for large parties. Willing to split check. Takes credit card.
1	I found a coackroach in my pho.  It was a tiny roach maybe the size of a penny coin.The owner was really apologetic about the cockroach.  He waived our bill for our party of 7.  He apologized repeatedly about it.I wasn't upset at him nor the restaurant.  I know it was an accident and they didn't want it to happen.I'm kinda scared what is in the kitchen tho.
4	Hungover and craving Pho after a long night of sin and heavy drinking? Don't wanna wait in the massive line a Pho Kim Long?Well, guys, you're in luck! Kinh Do is just down the street and JUST as good.Honestly, I really didn't want to give them a high rating and was hoping to keep them a secret all to myself, but I thought, hey..yelp love.In short:-almost no wait-better prices-awesome and quick service-big parking lotKinh DO is right across the street from Ten Ren and accepts credit card.Instead of getting Pho I actually went with Bun Bo Hue and I'm so glad i did. The broth was rich and flavorful, they give you an ample amount of meat (although so pieces were a bit tough), and you can ask them to make the spiciness according to your preference. Just a note though, if you're not into pig's feet/pork blood..etc. just stick with Pho :)
4	Amazing Bun!!! This place has the best Vietnamese food I've ever had. granted, I've only been to 4 Vietnamese places in my life, but wow, I'm coming back!
4	My friend and I came here for because we needed to cure our hangovers...lol. The Pho here is pretty good, I can't complain. The eggs rolls were even better!!! if you check in, you get 2 free egg rolls!! Anyways, the bowls are pretty big. We could not finished our noodle soup. I will definitely go back to this place next time i go to Vegas thats if I remember too.
5	Very good Pho! I've had beef noodle soup in several US cities and this ranks among the best. I had beef and shrimp and it was awesome. The broth was very clear and flavorful. The customary vegetable plate was well presented and as fresh as I've seen. It's a can't miss here!
1	Stood at the door for 15 minutes with like 3 tables unbussed. No one hustling. Now sitting at the table with enough time on my hands to write this review. Pho is usually fast since the broth should all be prepared already. Not sure when I'm going to eat yet...just finally got my water after asking for it twice. So frustrated
3	Kinh DoOverall3 StarsGold medal - Extra Hot soupSilver medal -  Good portionsBronze medal -  Yummy Bun Bo HueI saw some other peoples Yelp reviews raving that this is the BEST Pho in Las Vegas, so I had to give it a try.  The verdict is that those reviews are way overrating, but at least I did not find any coach roaches in my soup, like one of the Yelp tips. Yikes!!  The soup came out super HOT.  The portions were good.  Prices were decent.  The Pho was so so.  The Bun Bo Hue here however was one of the best that I have had.  Now the negative.  I went yesterday on a Sunday.  I waited for about 25 minutes to get a table.  Then I waited another 30 minutes from the time that I sat down till the time that the Pho came out.  And yes I am serious!  This is by far the slowesssst Pho restaurant ever.  I would not come back here for the Pho, but I would come back for the Bun Bo Hue.  They also did not have fresh coconut juice at this Vietnamese restaurant or ANY coconut juice even the frozen juice here.  I thought all Pho restaurants have coconut juice??  I guess not.HAPPY BUN BOING!!
4	5 stars for the food3 stars for the serviceConsistently good Pho--definitely one of the best I've tried and good portion size too. The service kind of sucks...you need to waive them down to order and they probably won't refill your water or tea when you finish. However, the food comes fairly quickly so at least you don't have to stick around too long.I live in NY but the parents are in Vegas and I have to come here at least once or twice every time I visit. Come here for the food, ignore the bad service--it is chinatown after all.
2	Not the juiciest pho and rice dish in town...The pho was ok. Definitely a lot better than the rice dish. I got the rice dish with pork and the shredded beef with the egg. It was not good at all. The pork was charred and a little hard on the burned part. The egg didn't have any taste. The shredded beef was not good. I did not even like the fish sauce that it came with. The service is slow. The prices were ok, it's not cheap.The pho soup was pretty good but I've had better. I did not really see the praises that people gave for this place. I thought it was below average quality hence the 2 stars. .It's not the worst food I've tasted but it definitely was not great. The parking was easy to park so that was good. The visit was just very whatever. Nothing to remember it by or no reason to come back again.
2	My family and I came here after reading good reviews about the bun bo hue here. Bad move. Reasons for the low rating:1. The Bun Bo Hue was way too oily. It felt like I was slurping pure oil. 2. Besides the oil, the dish was just average. I've had bun bo hues that were a lot better. 3. The bun bo hue also lacked pork blood.4. There was barely any noodle in my bowl. I went into the restaurant hungry and I left hungry. 5. Extremely bitter tea. Usually the tea at restaurants are watered down, which I can deal with. But not when it's so bitter that I have to wash the taste with half a glass of water. 6. Slow service. I won't be eating here again.
3	reasonably priced with some decent options. Portion sizes were pretty good. Not the best I've had here, but not the worst either.
1	I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. Or bitter, in this case.Kinh Do, if you wanted people to leave in disgust, having a restaurant full of roaches and rodents would be a quicker alternative than having the sorry excuse of a wait staff you have. Your cashier, a stiff and bored looking high school student, wanders aimlessly through the mass of waiting customers, while the managers find it amusing to tell people that tables are "not available"..and they sure aren't, not with the piles of food scraps and dirty dishes that are begging to be swept away. Fast-forward 45 min, and we're finally seated. Fast-forward 30 more minutes, and we're finally given some water in this dry Nevada heat. Oh, did I forget to mention that we grabbed our own napkins and menus after asking half a million times? Yuppers. Another 30 min of twiddling our thumbs and our orders arrive, and surprise surprise! Y'all guessed it. The order comes out wrong. I'm usually not one to be sarcastic, but at that moment, it was looking to be prettttty darn funny. And not like ha-ha funny, but I'm-about-to-give-you-a-penny-tip kinda funny.
1	Horrible service. Asked for napkins did not receive any.  Asked for water did not get any.  Realize they are short staffed but can I get some thing to drink with my food.  Ordered Bun Bo Hue was so oily.  Meat was old and stale.  Girl friend ordered Com suon nguong meat was dry and looked like it was cooked last week.
4	Was craving for some pho while visiting Vegas so drove around and found this place.  Nothing too special but the food was good and the server was nice.  I will come back again.
1	Well.. This restaurant sucks! I wrote my name in a waiting list.. In that list, I have 2 party in front of me.. But after 15 mins of waiting the owner or server change my Que number to 5 for no reason. I think they give it to other people that he knows! Terrible.. Suck..
1	At Pho Kinh Do, the freshest ingredients are always used. They harvest rice grains and make noodles per order. They also slaughter the cow in the back kitchen so that you get the freshest beef with your pho.  At least that's what I tell myself to justify this place taking 45 minutes to serve noodles in premade broth. I've never seen a restaurant where 85% of the people are not eating anything. If waiting a long amount of time for something that should be served in 10 minutes after you order is your thing then Pho Kihn Do is for you!Oh and about the food...it isn't even that good. Place is dirty too. Never again....
4	Solid Vietnamese food, surprisingly good Bun Bo Hue, pho, and pork rice dish. Each dish is a few bucks more than what you'd find in so cal but that's expected.We actually wanted to go to Bacchanal but the wait was 5 hrs + so we decided on a pre-dinner meal here. It's across the street from the main Asian strip mall but it's nice to be away from the hustle bustle for a bit.
3	Good value for the price!
4	After a long night of drinking, nothing beats a large bowl of pho.  It sure does cure any hangover problems one might have.  I found out about this place through a friend.  Usually we would go to Pho Kim Long or Pho So 1, but this place is awesome.  Not as crowded and the broth here is amazing.  Ordered a Pho Dac Biet, with a side of the green onion oil.  The green onion oil is usually a secret.  Not many people know about it.  I introduced it to my friends and they said it made it the best bowl of pho they ever had.  It makes the broth more richer and flavorful.  Also, must get the egg rolls for an appetizer.  It's so hot and crunchy.  Tastes healthy with a lettuce wrap.  Don't forget to add sriracha hot sauce to the fish sauce and you're good to go.
3	I wanted to like this place more. it looks like an authentic vietnamese restaurant in san jose, and they serve bun bo hue, which is usually a plus. i usually end up at treasure island for pho, since spring mtn rd is so far, but the lure of the real deal brought me out here.first the good - the vegetables (bean sprouts, basil, etc) were fresh. no complaints here. when they brought these out first, i was quite excited as quality ingredients usually means quality fare.now the bad - i ordered pho (was tempted to try the BBH, but my stomach was recovering from some crazy vegas partying and needed something lighter). i believe it was the #5, with everything. the portion was decent sized. the broth, however, lacked depth. it wasn't bad, per se, but just lacked any complexity. i usually eat my pho plain for about a quarter of a bowl before i add in siracha, eat that for a bit, then add in additional condiments. that keeps it fresh and it's like i'm having 3 different flavored bowls of noodles in one sitting. this time, i couldn't take more than a few spoonfuls of plain broth before i was thoroughly bored with it. just does not compare to san jose pho.
1	We in vegas for a few days, craving for some vietnamese food. We found this place on yelp with such high rating. This is a regretful decision. They serve the one of the worst pho and com tam ever. Hmmm, I wonder if the owner have deliberately star up his own place.
4	This is our usual Sunday morning stop before leaving Vegas. It is the perfect meal to end an exhausting and fun weekend. The employees will get you seated right away and are very accommodating. The pho bowls are only offered in one size, but it is a generous portion of broth and noodles. In my opinion, the Pho Tai could use a little more meat. All of the flavors are on point. I enjoy that the broth is a little darker and beefier tasting than other places. Note, they no longer offer the free egg rolls with check-in. But they are delicious so I recommend ordering them to share amongst the table. They come in a set of 4 with dipping sauce and lettuce and cucumber to wrap. If you're looking for pho in Vegas, this is where you need to go!
5	Love this place. I have been here 5 times now an the pho is consistently ridiculously delicious. Highly recommend.
5	Really good pho and drinks. The broth is super tasty. Price is on point and not inflated like the restaurants near the more touristy areas of Vegas "Chinatown." Looking forward to coming back here in the future!
5	I love surprises!We were looking for a quick place to grab food on our way back to LA from Vegas and were craving spice and soup. Naturally, we looked for a Pho place nearby :) I really wasn't expecting much, but this place surprised us all! Service: The place is pretty big, there were about 3 other parties around 1pm. The owner was very helpful, explaining the different broths. Also gave us three complimentary egg rolls instead of two (yelp deal) ;)Food: so clean! Some Phos that I've had leave a nasty feeling afterwards so I stay away from drinking the soup. But the broth here is perfect. I ordered the beef broth seafood pho, it had a lot of seafood in it as well :)Price: normal Pho pricing! $6-$9Overall: 5 stars
4	Man I love Kinh Do. I wonder how many stars I have given it. WHAT!?!I I have been going here and check-in for about 2 years now but I have never written a review.. *sad face*. This is my go to first stop every time I hit up Las Vegas! I'm going to call this town LAS VEGAS and not Vegas. I'm sure the locals can appreciate that :). It's a lot like calling San Francisco by  "Frisco" nobody in San Francisco calls it that. Only people that are FOBs or from NYC call it Frisco. Get it right. Frisco is a town in Texas and besides it just sounds dirty (not texas- the name). I'm gonna Frisco you. That will be my new song starting R Kelly and Jodeci.ANYWAYS! Las Vegas is like my second home. So many good and bad memories. She is like the one that got away and the crazy ex. So, here is my advise to you. EAT PHO! The Pho in California is way better, but that shouldn't stop you from visiting here when you are in town. The crazy casinos and vendors trying to suck your wallet dry is just too much! You need to ground yourself for a peaceful and affordable meal in Chinatown before you start your personal version of HANGOVER 3. I have watched as this restaurant went from a small whatever restaurant to becoming the clean and great customer service restaurant it is today. Before it had bad service and was dirty. I didn't know what door to enter from. I didn't know who was working and who were customers. The store was either blasting Vietnamese fashion rock videos? Or some other high techno trance music. Those days are over for the better. Now the restaurant is grown up, matured, and went to college got a degree and now wears a suit and tie doesn't charge the ivy school pricing. PROS:-Pho soup is hardy.-One size only, but it's large.-Menu has a lot of variety from Banh Mi to Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef blood soup). I want to try both of those, but I end up ordering pho every time.-Service is great and attentive.-Ice coffee good :)-Spring Rolls are packed with Shrimp-CleanCONS:-Directions. The location is hidden near a few massage places and a gun range. The best advise so you don't pass this location. When heading west on Mountain Spring Road look for the Kinh Do sign on the right side. Turn right away before you get to the Arco gas station (opposite side from Wells Fargo). I still miss the turn every time.-MSG :(. Man I'm thirsty.For my peeps driving from So Cal, this place will not impress you pho wise, but the Las Vegas strip is freaking expensive so eat something good that won't break the bank. I recommend this place for locals, because it's still a great place to go, no annoying tourist here. On my recent visit to Las Vegas, I went here for lunch on day one and for lunch on my final day. It's worth a try.
4	I work in a cold warehouse and needed to warm up. I wanted to try a new Pho so I came here. Not very busy at lunch so I was seated and my order was taken  almost immediately. I checked ion on my yelp app and received two free egg rolls. They were tasty especially accompanied with the lettuce,carrots, cilantro and fish sauce for dipping. I ordered the #9 Pho Tai Nam. It was a large bowl filled almost to the brim. The rare meat was very good and the  cooked steak was also flavorful. All of this for under $10. There was so much I was unable to finish this Pho, solo good. Service was good. My server was back and forth checking to see if I needed anything.
5	Good service. Pho and Bun Bo Hue was so delicious! Huge amount of foods! Cant even finish my food.
5	Pho broth is good and they have some other good order.  Tried the satay egg noodle after my sister had ordered it and it was bomb!!
3	The bun bo hue was great but the egg rolls were spoiled We had to tell them to take it back...gross.
4	Their banh mi are addictive.  Bun is amazing.  Egg rolls are off the chart.  Haven't had the pho yet, but have had the broth and it is fantastic!  Service is very attentive, but don't get upset when your bill doesn't come because you pay up front!  Kinh Do? Can Do!
3	Their Pho and Bun Bo Hue was on par with other places in the area. I did, however, enjoy their Vietnamese coffee. I would not recommend their nem noung coun. It was probably the one of the worse I have had anywhere. The meat did not look or taste like normal nem noung.We checked in for free egg rolls and they hooked it up with 3. They are not that good, but it's free.
4	After trying the not so authentic Pho Kim Long a few weeks back, hubs and kids and I wanted to try Kinh Do. Today was kind of a chilly day. So we expected it to be packed. When we walked in, there was only one small family eating at a table next to us. I checked in on Yelp (free offer for 2 egg rolls if you check-in) and was served promptly. The staff and owner were very friendly and attentive. No worries about getting our order screwed up here! The food was great! Nothing like San Diego Pho restaurants but the best Pho by far out here! My daughter ordered the BBQ chicken...That was just ok. It tasted like it was marinated a little too long in a salt water brine and then baked. Let's just say I'm happy I ordered Pho for myself. About 30 minutes after I checked in people were walking in like crazy!...they must have seen my Yelp check-in ;)Definitely coming back for more Pho! :)
5	Good, friendly service! The free eggrolls we got for checking in were SO TASTY! T to the A, to the S-T-Y, they're tasty!! So lame but w/e. I also got Pho Tai which was alright but came with big portions. I'm just not a fan of Pho with cinnamon spices. Maybe that's the authentic way.. hmm. I want to come back next time I'm in Vegas. I want to be in Vegas right now.
5	Absolutely still my favorite place to go in town. And to be honest and fair, I wanted to venture back out in the land of pho in Las Vegas and after trying other locations again or for the first time, Kinh do still wins as best of las vegas for this yelper.Items I love over and over again:*Pho special combo*Bun bo hue*Pork Sausage Patty Rolls*Bahn Mi's (I love the fried egg, pork combo)*Vermicelli Rice bowls with grilled pork, egg roll and shrimp.I fell in love with this place long time ago and continue to still love because of good service, excellent waiters, and excellent food.
1	Had to be one of the worst vietnames restaurant I have ever been to.   Definitely not worth going to
2	Tried this place a couple of days ago since I wanted to try a different Vietnamese restaurant (I'm a regular at Pho Saigon 8). Checked on Yelp and it has good ratings. Service was at par. Claimed my two free egg rolls via the Yelp app. Food was so so... The egg rolls were fried to death. It was crunchy but dry inside. The nukmam sauce was very diluted with water. I had the pho with sliced meat, flank and tendons. The bowl had more meat than noodles (some people might like it but I like it to have more noodles). The flavor of the broth was so so. You can taste it has a lot of MSG. My bf had a raw slice of beef in his pho. He said it was 2/5. No next time for Kinh Do.
5	Best pho and bun ho hue that you can get in vegas... with pho 79 and westminster within reach at home, Kinh Do does it pretty good for vegas.
5	We went to this place twice while we were in Vegas. Checked in for the free egg rolls, which was pretty good and served with lettuce and can be eaten as a roll. That was our first time eating egg rolls like that. Their bun bo hue and hu tieu were really good, and that's saying something considering that we came from Seattle and eaten in California regularly. Would definitely return again when we are in town. Food is cheap, good, and service was good. Clean bathrooms. Important since it's a Vietnamese restaurant!
4	Tried Kinh Do for the first time last February during Valentine's weekend. I was suffering from a cold so anything warm and soup-y was perfect. Kinh Do ended up being the final verdict because (a): they have soup (b) fast service and (c) cheap!The bf--at any pho place anywhere--always gets the pho with rare steak and flank. Don't know why but he just does and if you ask him how it is he'll always say "tastes the same." So I can't critique what he had because the answer will always be the same.As for me, I didn't want pho. I wanted the Banh mi bo kho! =) Banh mi bo kho is basically Vietnamese-style beef stew and it was absolutely heavenly. It tasted so comforting and hearty. The flavors were abundant, the spice level was perfect and the meat simply fell apart as you bit into it. By far, this dish is the best I've had--EVER. Kudos Kinh Do!FYI: don't forget to check-in on Yelp because you get 2 free egg rolls =)The service was pretty good for a Vietnamese restaurant. The woman bringing our dishes was very sweet and apologized for the slow service but we didn't think it was slow at all or if it was we didn't even notice.Overall, Kinh Do is a nice place. It's cheap and serves hearty dishes from pho to banh mi sandwiches. It's a bit of a drive from the Strip but don't let that concern you--it's still worth a try.
4	Their pho here is alright. The price is very reasonable and cheap. I remember coming here during a normal dinner time like 7pm. The parking lot was packed maybe because of all the stores/ restaurants in that plaza. However when we came in there was only one other family eating that was about to leave. The customer service is good. They're friendly. The food comes out pretty fast. The location was a little hard to find in the dark but it's right across from the Tea Station plaza. I would definitely come back here for pho because of the reasonable cheap price and the servings they good are bountiful! the regular size is pretty filling I couldn't finish it one sitting!
3	I think I may go back.  I am trying to remember how it was but the only aspect of the experience that stands out was the pho broth was standard compared to its neighbors.  Location is a bit hair raising but that should not stop anyone from trying it.
5	amazing delicious go there now everything is incredible go now go now!!! service is extraordinary. food is authentic and exquisite. go!!!
4	Everything I've had is great! The egg rolls are especially good! Service is a little lacking, but the food is cheap and delicious! Definitely recommend!
4	Ok place. Clean. Food is satisfying. Service is good. Not the best Vietnamese place I've been but will recommend for all to try.
3	Check in on yelp to receive two free eggrolls!I had the special banh mi and the eggrolls were also good. The prices are way more reasonable than other vietnamese establishments on Spring Mountain Rd that I've tried. Give it a try if you want a cheap vietnamese lunch/dinner to take a break from the overloaded expensive buffets of the strip!
4	When I come back to Las Vegas... I'll make sure I stop by Kinh Do again... Stopped by because of the reviews from Yelp from a trip to the Red Rock Canyons.  Ordered the combo Pho with the tripe, tendons, flank, etc.  YUM!!  Employees were friendly, service was just about right.  I hate places where you order, then they bring out the drinks 5 seconds later the food.   Makes you think, did you microwave my food or was it one of those dishes turned away by another customer.Anyways.. Also had the spring rolls, love the mint and the peanut dipping sauce.
4	Came to Pho Kinh Do on the recommendation of a close friend. I was impressed by the cleanliness of the restaurant as a whole and the service here is very friendly. Ambience is nice too as they have some TVs usually showing news or sports, and generally play pretty good music. Anyone who is a fan of hip-hop dance violinist Lindsey Stirling will enjoy the music here as the several times I went, Lindsey Stirling was played quite often.As for the food itself, I would say it is average, maybe a bit above average. Nothing especially amazing here, but the environment and service make it an enjoyable restaurant experience regardless. I tried the pho dac biet (special), fried egg rolls (cha gio), and the Vietnamese drip coffee. All were pretty standard, which can seem like a bad thing to some, but I actually appreciate the consistency!Solid restaurant!
5	Great food at great prices with great service.  The place was clean and well maintained unlike many pho restaurants I've been to on the past.  Most importantly, the pho was tasty!
5	Good service and a clean restaurant. We started with the egg rolls, which were good and they are free when you check in with yelp. I shared a bowl of the number 7 Pho with my friend, it's so big we had left overs, and it was so good, really flavorful. The Vietnamese coffee is delightful. My other friend had the number 10 Pho and he said it was really good as well. Coming here will be a tradition anytime we visit Vegas.
3	The bread here was really good. There were a lot of meat for such a low price. Overall, i like the Banh Mi here and i would come back just for the Banh Mi.But how ironic, the name of the place is Pho Kinh Do. Not Banh Mi Kinh Do.The Pho here was bad. The soup was not beefy enough and there was not enough meat. Based on Pho alone, i would give this place a 2 Stars. But because of the Bread/Banh mi, i would give it a 3 stars.
5	Found this restaurant on yelp! They really do have good pho! The place was packed very quickly right at opening time. Service was prompt got our food right away. My husband kept talking about how good their pho was.
5	Shared the combination Vietnamese sandwich with BFF. It was so good that we both ordered two sandwiches to go. The bread was nicely toasted but not hard enough that it was unpleasant.  BFF checked in to get 2 free egg rolls and they were really good!!!!!  They even gave us two separate dipping bowls and plenty of veggies to wrap our egg rolls. Super friendly service!
3	Checked in and received free egg rolls. Nice and crispy. It's yummy. They are very accommodating to the very least.  The only thing is that the chicken noodle soup is in beef broth rather than in chicken broth.
4	Small location in the corner of an unassuming strip mall, big on flavor.With so many (so many) different places to get pho in LV one can be overwhelmed.  Or severely underwhelmed if you are from the CA area, where they have so many more (so many more) pho places to eat.  There are a few top choices on Yelp LV for pho, thankfully Pho Kinh Do is up there.Upon arriving to the restaurant you can barely tell it's there especially in the daytime with the windows all being near black from the tint.  Get inside and it's a little quaint eatery.  Hole-in-the-wall does apply.  We came here for a later dinner since the wifey was working overtime and didn't get off until near 8 PM.  It was a bit chilly and we were in the mood for soup, and pho just sounded like it would hit the spot.  My only problem?  Salt.  MSG.  Sometimes pho just sets off these headaches that just kill my day.  Oh well, no risk, no reward right?  Off we went on a Yelp adventure thanks to my slow@$$ Android phone (will need a new one soon).  Get into Pho Kinh Do and for a Saturday night it was damn near DEAD.  Hmm...ominous?  There was one other table with patrons eating.  But what they were eating looked delicious.  We were greeted warmly by the hostess/waitress and got a table.  Menu was similar to what you see in many Vietnamese restaurants here in LV.  Got your appetizers, soups, noodle dishes, and rice dishes.  Thankfully, Pho Kinh Do has a sandwich section on the menu as well.  I love me some banh mi!Went straight to ordering.  We both got the pho combo with rare steak, flank, tendon, and tripe.  Oh yeah!  My mini-homage to Andrew Zimmern of Bizzare Foods did not disappoint.  Less than 15 minutes later our bowls of hot pho came out, along with a plate of bean sprouts, cilantro, jalapenos, and basil for tasty good measure.  And already on the table?  Necessary condiments of chili sauce, and hoisin!  The pho was intoxicating, the simmering broth with it's lovely aroma of beef and star anise, little glistening droplets of fat on top, and the warmth of the steam.  Gave it a mix and a healthy portion of rice noodles, steak, flank, tendon, and tripe emerged.  This was a pretty big bowl of pho for one person!  Not shabby at all.  Taste?  Tasty!  Broth for us wasn't overly salty, and has lots of complex flavor.  The noodles had a bit of bite left on them ('al dente' in Italian terms), and the lovely bits of steak, flank, tendon, and tripe were just barely cooked from the hot broth.  No soggy here folks!  Was actually a very good bowl of pho.  The wifey and I were both quite content.  Not to be outdone by pho, I also ordered a banh mi just to make sure my tummy got full!  Got the required house special banh mi, which includes an assortment of Vietnamese cured meats such as pate, head cheese, and pork product of some sort (sounds scary but actually yummy).  The banh mi came to the table right after the pho, and it was a pretty good size.  About a 8-9 inch sub.  But it was loaded!  Not skimpy in the least.  Lots of meat, and a good serving of pickled carrots and radish, cucumber, cilantro, and jalapeno.  Bahn mi?  Tasty as well!  This was actually one of the much better banh mi I've had here in LV.  Really!  The bread was soft and crusty but not hard, there was a generous slather of mayo (and possibly Maggi) that kept the bread moist.  The meats were good and not dried out, and the veggies were fresh.  A slather of hoisin and the eating was right!  Oh so right!  Finishing off that bahn mi totally put my tummy on lock down.  Fullness ensued.  I almost debated on ordering another banh mi to take home.Nice thing about eating in a non-fancy restaurant!  The savings!  Each bowl of our excellent pho was less than $8 each!  A good bit less than other eateries in the area.  Lots of value there since the portion is big for the price, the wifey could only finish half her bowl, the rest we took home.  And the banh mi?  Little over $3, very competitive with other sandwiches in the area.  Service was almost non-existent but that was only because of one waitress for the entire restaurant.  Almost immediately after we sat down two or three more parties showed up to eat.  When our waitress did see us she was very pleasant, kept our water glasses full, and actually talked to us about our meal.  Nice lady!Good eats.  I will be here for takeout of banh mi at the very least.  Just wish they had the program where you buy 5, you get 1 free.  'Mi' would be all on that!
5	This place is pretty exceptional. The pho is delicious - the broth, noodles & meat are all tasty and good quality. The prices are unbeatable (sandwiches are $3.50!). The service is great - drinks always refilled, waiter checks up on you often. I already know that I will be returning to this place quite a lot!
3	First thing's first, make sure you CHECK IN HERE ON YELP to get 2 free egg rolls.  You just have to show them that you checked in and they will give you some of those fresh, piping hot eggrollsI like this pho place (especially after a trip back home from a weekend in Vegas) and I think it's decent.  I wouldn't say it is out of this world but the pho here is good, relatively clean and flavorful.  I had their standard beef pho here and the "Bun Bo Hue", which was relatively okay, nothing too special.  The prices weren't absurd either so I would come back but compared to other pho places, I would say it falls in the middle.Overall, not bad but also nothing amazing.  Great spot for some hangover food but keep in mind, the wait does get a bit long on a sunday morning/afternoon when everyone is heading back to LA from a weekend in Vegas.
5	Born in Saigon and grew up with my mother and grandmother making Pho, spring rolls (now for some reason known as egg rolls) and other Vietnamese food in our house. I can say without hesitation this is as good as I've had since my dear-departed grandmother went home to her reward.  Everything I had was prepared and presented just as I remember from my youth, and was just as delicious. The owner is friendly and engaging, and the place is spotless. Definitely coming back the next time I'm in town.
5	Fantastic food and great service at a very reasonable price!  The Pho broth is really broth and all of the ingredients in soup, sandwiches, spring rolls, etc are fresh and delicious.  The seasoning is just right and the restaurant is spotless!
5	We came here because of the good reviews on yelp.  This place is located in a strip mall across from the big plaza with a 99 ranch.  To our surprise, it took us a while to find parking, even at 8 pm on a weeknight.  We got the following:  Pho, Bun Rieu, and grilled pork over rice.  The Bun Rieu (crab, tomato, egg, and pork stew with noodles, 8.95) was absolutely delicious! The broth was both savory, sweet, and addicting. I substituted pho noodles for the vermicelli which made it even better.  The grilled pork with broken rice tasted average, but the Pho was pretty decent.  Service was a bit slow, but I let that go 'cause the older waiter seemed genuinely kind.
3	The Yelp Check-in offer gives two free egg rolls. I've tried to cash in the offer twice. Once i was given the egg rolls. Another i was told that the offer only applies to dine-in customers. They were more like spring rolls that have been deep fried and contain mostly fillers anyway.I've never actually sat down and eaten here before. All the times i have is due to it being the closest to the Leatherneck bar and within the price range of what i want to spend on dinner. They have a sign promoting the Hu Tieu Nam Vang which somewhere in my childhood i've developed a liking to and it stuck throughout adult hood. This is actually a Cambodian dish that was adopted into Vietnamese cuisine, Nam Vang is the Vietnamese term for Phnom Penh. Another very similar dish is Hu Tieu My Tho which is My Tho style noodles.Anyway back on topic here. I went in the first time to grab the HTNV and got it to go. In the typical to go fashion everything was separate so you can put it together yourself once you got to your destination. Normally i order my noodles dry with soup on the side (lets see you do that with ramen) just because the flavor of the noodles doesnt get diluted by the soup, mainly because the soups are so full of MSG you'll be thirsty and light headed after chugging the entire bowl. Everything was just 'okay'. There wasnt much of a wow factor, no i take that back. The wow factor is in how much MSG is in the soup and the amount of herbs and vegetables is given to one simple to go order. There was even jalapenos, picked radish and carrots you'd normally find in sandwich orders but are kinda outta place here. I received enough basil to garnish about two bowls of Pho as well.Second time grabbed a broken rice. Again nothing stood out and there was no wow factor.I wouldnt recommend this place because there's just no great care in the food. Depending on your taste buds, some things are noticeably fresh while others are frozen and thawed out to order.
5	The wife and I have tried most all of the fall restaurants in town, and this is by far the best one. We came here from Los Angeles and are used to getting great pho so our expectations were high. The pho here tastes wonderful and has a full flavor, the eggrolls with the lettuce wraps are fantastic and I love  the iced coffee which is fresh made. We come here every week and have come to know all of the staff by name. They also know us and give us a very nice greeting and wonderful service. We love this restaurant.
4	I gave this place a four star because the price for the food is cheap and the food is good. I ordered a Com Tam and the thit (meat) was good. Plus if you check in you get two free egg rolls.
5	Excellent customer service. Very clean. Fast. Delicious chicken pho. Must try it, a bit different than most phos. Shrimp spring roll is good too,  but simple.
4	Very solid pho, everyone in our party enjoyed their dishes.  My broth was tasty, noodles al dente, and meat was good too.  Recommend.
5	Great service, great food, great price, what more could you ask for?! Got the egg rolls for free for checking in, what a plus, amazing rolls, then the pho was good too, they give a generous amount of bean sprouts and all the other ingredients, such a huge bowl too!!  I was happy to find this place, will definitely be making future trips back.
4	Great pho, only criticism- the noodles are thin and break easier than most of the surrounding joints. Great, hearty broth, though. Egg rolls- so good! Bahn Mi- mmmmm! Prices are great, too!
4	Can't keep a Vietnamese girl away from Viet food even on vacation! Dinner for 5 on a Saturday evening around 7pm. Only 2 other tables occupied besides us. Seated promptly and given our drinks. Check-in for 2 free egg rolls. Our party only checked in once but we saw others checking in multiple times per table. They are kind enough to be offering this and don't just bring you the egg rolls itself, but also bring out salad, pickled veggies, cucumber and fish sauce to go along with it! Don't take advantage of the awesome offer they provide or soon it won't be there =)Grilled shrimp and pork vermicelli ($8.95): I asked for veggies on the side since I hate mint leaves and surprisingly there was no mint! The veggies consist of cucumber, pickled veggies, shredded lettuce, and fried garlic in a whole 'nother bowl! Good amount of grilled pork and about 6 pieces of grilled shrimp. Affordable price for the amount of food. Service was sometimes a little slow. Went to wait in the front counter for about 4 minutes before someone came to give us our check. All staff were in the back kitchen..Parking is not an issue! Parking lot shared with other restaurants/shops but you'll find a space.
4	The food is good, but the selection of dinners is limited.  The dishes we had were well prepared, abundant and fresh.  Service is very pleasant.  Clean facilities.
4	News flash: hangovers happen everywhere... even in Vegas!For some, curing the inevitable life suck may be a brisk jog, a greasy burger, or even an hour in the sauna - For me it's pho. Kinh Do did not disappoint and will make you feel right at home as it falls in line with the typical sterile surroundings, quiet atmosphere and odd decor that we've all come to know and love from our respective hometown pho spots.For me this evening consisted of a bowl of chicken pho and a side of shrimp spring rolls swimming in peanut sauce spiked with a heavy dose of Sriracha. I'm starting to believe that there must be a pho and spring roll manufacturing plant somewhere that ships their pre-made secret recipe to all these restaurants with instructions to "just add water." Seriously, it's all starting to taste the same everywhere I go regardless of the time of day and no matter how far removed you may be from Vietnamese culture. Don't get me wrong, I think it is a great thing that I am now able to find my magic-elixir-cure-all just about anywhere, including Sin City.
4	I come here for the Grilled pork Bahn Mi sandwich.  I've had many in Vegas, SoCal, Texas, & GA.  Kinh Do's is the Best Bahn Mi. There are other Vietnamese restaurant that have good ingredients for the sandwich, but Kinh Do puts it all together.  Many fail when it comes to the bread. Some are too hard & tears up your mouth. Kinh Do's bread has the right amount of crunch to it without the hurt.
5	This is our go-to for delicious Pho. Totally affordable & quality is amazing. Not to mention, whether it be to-go or dine, the staff is always very efficient. Only downside is this location isn't open as late as some of it's competitors around the area.
5	Best pho and bahn mi that's 12 minutes away from the strip (if you're near the Venetian/Wynn area).Plenty of parking and reasonable prices.
4	OK service, great food, bad bathrooms
5	Lunch was yummy!!  We checked in with the six of us and received 6 rolls of eggroll. Their egg roll was delicious which comes with veggie for wrapping!!  The Hu Tieu Nam  Vang was super tasty with Tong-O veggie. I have never had Hu Tieu with Tong-O before.  They came together so nicely..  Love it!!  The services here is super wonderful also. Good food, wonderful services... What else can you ask for?? For sure a 5 stars!!
1	Food here a not good at all. They put to much pho powder. Overall the restaurant kinda nice.
4	Delicious.  My wife is a fan and she's hard to please....
4	I'm so happy that I can go out to Las Vegas once in a while.  This Vietnamese restaurant will be one of my favorites. I ordered the Bun Bo Hue with an iced coffee with condensed milk.  I checked in with my Yelp application and got two free egg rolls.  The egg roll were crispy with all the yummy garnishes.  The soup was very flavorful, it was a little sweet but it made the soup very savory. I wish the Sliced beef was cooked a little longer To make it tender like the pork hock but it was still good. I caution to girls to not go late at night, I went there around 9 PM because my plane was delayed and the parking lot was dark and there were questionable people around roaming around the parking lot. If you were to go at night go with some friends.
5	Wow great pho and service! My gf and I loved it so much.Complimentary check-in egg rolls were great as well!Will come back next time :)
4	The broth here is a little strong for my taste but overall it was good and I've never had an issue when coming here. The noodles and meat were tender and they always give me a full plate of veggies even when I'm dining solo. The waitress is efficient and my food always comes out fairly quick after ordering, but I'm not quite sure if that's a good thing or not...at least my order is correct unlike some of the other pho places around town.
4	Always enjoy the food when I come here. The pho is great and so is the banh mi. The banh was the bomb. Affordable as well.
4	My crew and I visited this restaurant in dire need of pho after three nights of partying on the Vegas strip. I saw that this place had great reviews, so we decided to give it a try before we headed back home to San Diego. Our group of 7 was seated immediately. Their menu consisted of pho and some Vietnamese dishes for people who aren't craving soup. I ordered the chicken pho. I felt it tasted a bit salty, but it wasn't too bad. The price was decent for the amount it came in. I had way more than I can fit into my belly. It was definitely satisfying. The service was great. Our server was helpful and very attentive. She gave us all one free eggroll each for checking into Yelp :)
1	Unprofessional, even for a pho place.  Unprepared.  The guy bussing the tables cleaned all the large tables first and did not clean any of the small tables even if there were only people waiting for a table of two.  The host was running around like a chicken with its head cut off, not knowing what to do.  The other workers were just peaking their head out of the kitchen door and did not want anything to do with the place.
1	Bad service. Not authentic Vietnamese food. Very salty. Run down coffee. Not sure why a long line and 4 stars yelp review. A hype. Will not go back again
4	Great Pho! The soup was delicious and plenty of noodles to go with it. I tried two other Pho places while in Vegas and by far this one has got them beat!We also had their bbq pork summer roll that was very delicious as well. They served it with a light peanut sauce that was just right.Definitely Recommend!
4	Went to vegas this past MDW and my friends were in dying need of pho. Yelped lead us to Kinh Do and all of us were pretty content with the choice.+Not too far from the strip. You have to drive but it's 10 minutes drive away.+Got to Kinh Do at 10:30 AM on Saturday and the restaurant was already packed. The crowd mostly consisted of Asians and I knew it was going to be good right away!+The waitress was very nice and smiley. Thumbs up for the good vibe.+Most of my friends liked their pho. Kinh Do's pho soup has hint of sweetness to it and it's nothing bad--I'm just not used to it but it was good overall.+My friend said Kinh Do uses pretty good quality meat. She said the meat in her pho tai wasn't too chewy or tough.+I liked my bun bo hue! Wasn't the best but pretty flavorful and tastier than most bbh I've eaten. I thought the noodles were cooked perfectly and the broth wasn't too oily.+I took a bite of my friend's bbq pork rice dish and it was so bombbb. I would order that next time.-My boyfriend's only complaint on Pho Dac Biet was that there were only 3 thin slices of sliced beef. (We knew it was only three because he always asks his meat on the side).-I believe there was only one main waitress handling all the table. There's another guy that comes out of the kitchen occasionally to bring out some food or handle the cash register but other than that the waitress was man-handling everything. I felt so bad for her because she was so busy. Not her fault but obviously her attentiveness went downhill after she got swamped.-The pho noodles were kinda under cooked in my opinion. If you're looking for hangover remedy in Vegas, I would most definitely recommend Kinh Do for sure. :)
5	I love pho and was in town so I needed my fix.I got the meatball bowl as usual.every pho restaurant that I go to I usually get the large bowl and I finish it!!Not the case this time at Kinh Do. Sooooo much noodle I couldn't even finish it. Mestballs we're darker then usual but very good!HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!! Very well priced as well!!
4	Hooray for Kinh Do, we have found our pho place in Vegas!  I hate pho joints that smell.  There are plenty of them in Vegas.  Driving into Vegas on a late night, we needed some warm pho soup before heading into the hotel.  Looking on Yelp we found this place, so decided to take a chance on it.Walking in, pleasantly surprised to find a clean place in a busy strip mall without the unbearable odor around.  Nice server lady takes our order promptly, and within minutes we get our pho noodles.  I also order a Vietnamese hot coffee, expecting to get the typical drip cup.  What I get near the end of my meal upon reminding the server (I think she forgot) is a warm coffee all mixed with milk and pre-dripped.  A significant disappointment especially since the coffee was just okay.Well, on to the pho.  It comes with a decent amount of veggies (again, New Saigon in Johns Creek is overly generous in this regard), and a ton of noodles.  After doing all the prep work (put in the veggies, sriracha, etc.), I bite into the noodle and the soup.  Their soup has a peculiar taste that reminds me of the meat broth in Korean stews.  The ones that broth of hours have a deep taste that ups the yummy factor.  The soup in this place has that.  It's possibly the best pho broth I've had.  A big thumbs up for that.One slight disappointment is that there is a bit too much noodle in comparison to the other stuff in the soup, so I ended up with a fair amount of noodles with nothing to accompany it.  Either a bit less on the noodles or a tad more other stuff (or both) might balance it out a bit more.  But I'm really nitpicking there.  This is some good pho!Table-for-1 Factor:  As with most pho joints, it would feel completely appropriate to eat alone.
5	I lived in Vegas for five years and found this place after I moved, what a shame. My friend suggested Pho Kim Long, but holy hell the wait on a Saturday at 11am is not worth it ... Especially since Kinh Do is across the street.Pho-nomenal. Honestly, it's been my favorite bowl during my quest for the best. I had the shrimp/seafood and my friend ordered the beef. She was also happy. The broth is just delish, fragrant and savory. The seafood is fresh. Tons of scallions/onions :-) and oh my ... Juicy limes! Of course I tried the banh mi sandwich, too. The veggie is really interesting, crispy bits of tofu and plenty of pickled veggies. Crispy. Delicious. Bread. It's perfect.It wasn't super busy here. Nicely decorated, clean, and large comfortable tables. The service rocks. Waters were constantly refilled, food was quick, everything as it should be, but not super typical of a Vietnamese restaurant. I'm impressed. Can't wait to go back to Vegas!
5	i love .i love pho kinh do ...
3	Location - on spring mountain near all the other Asian market area but it is on the others side. The sign isn't lit up so you may have to look closely.Service - we came in on a Monday night and waited for about three minute before we were greeted. The place was too busy but the minimal staff didn't help. When we were served they were very polite and not pushy. Good that they weren't inpatient because bring 4 kids and asking for side plates gets annoying.Price - averageTaste - I tried the soup for the pho prior to adding any condiments and it is better than most. The portion and ratio of meat to noodles is more than generous. The spring roll was also neatly prepared and tightly wrapped for the messy kids. Environment - like most Asian joints the place looks like a restaurant / storage room. The front desk area looks a little cluster with as much things they can put up. The tables and chairs could be a little bit better arrange. The rest was dirty but my wife said that is because someone clogged it up. Maybe if they had more staffing they could have corrected the issue.
1	In writing this review as I'm waiting for my food. We've been waiting foreverrr wtfff. We ordered our food 50min ago and only 1 out of 4 people have gotten their food. When I eat Vietnamese food, I don't wait any longer than 10min for my food to come out. Maybe the heat is getting to everybody here...
3	Food was alright. customer service was better than ph s 1. This place had TV and world cup was on. ph s 1 didn't even have a TV.
5	Las Vegas residence!You all are so lucky you live Vegas!!I found my favorite Vietnamese Restaurant!Im so happy!! After many many Vegas vacations, this is one of the best ones!One of the reason is that I discovered this fabulous restaurant, Thank you sooooo much to Yelp! The day before we checked out Pho Bolsa, (this restaurant & Kinh Do both had 4 stars)I was debating on if we should check out Kinh Do, since we already had Vietnamese food the day before-We are so glad that we did. Good Bye Pho Bolsa- honestly, we didn't enjoy it one bit. ( I will write my review later for Pho B.)On to the food, Me, My mommy, My Hubby, My daughter, & My son! enjoyed everything! I had the chicken pho- boy I loved it!!My daughter had the pork chops & boy, she cleaned it. ( at Pho Bolsa, my son ordered that- & it only came with pork chops and rice, what happened to the veggies? and it cost more than Kinh Do's and also portion was bigger at Kinh Do's)My hubby had the seafood pho & there was no complaints!My mommy had the seafood soup & she loved it too!She mentioned that this place is better than the restaurant we went to the day before& My son, yup! he is the picky one, but he ate everything! ( except for some pho noodles)I halfed my banh mi with him and pho. Since we ordered the nem nuong rolls and Yelp's check in for the free eggrolls, that was more than enough food! Wow! the banh mi was huge and delish!! ( Pho Bolsa had no Banh Mi, I was very disappointed! )I so can't wait for my nexts trip to Vegas, this will be my go to/on the list of places that I must go to!& I also got to meet Kinh Do, the owner- she is a very nice and friendly lady!The waitress was nice and friendly also Im just happy I found my new love- this fabulous place, which is Kinh Do!! See you soon!!
4	First time here.  Checked in for the free egg rolls, but that offer is no longer any good.  Luckily our server gave it to us anyway.  The egg rolls were great.  Never had it wrapped in lettuce before with cucumber, and pickled daikon and carrot. Definitely made it a whole different dish.  My Pho was very good, and we tried Bon Bo Hue for the first time.  Very yummy, but I still like the Pho better.  The service was nice and the prices were very reasonable.  We will come back for sure.
5	Honestly this place is probably the best pho I've ever had. They give you a big portion for the price, lots of meat, and their pho has so much flavor I don't even want to add anything to it like i normally do. I'm definitely coming back to Vegas just so I can eat here!
5	I am SO happy that I did not visit Pho Kim Long like all my other friends did. Pho Kim Long made the top eats whatever list for LV, and is also always recommended by LV locals, but all my friends who hopped on that Kim Long wagon did not leave happy. I'm glad I stuck to my yelp gut and visited Pho Kinh Do instead. TBH, service everywhere in the Las Vegas Chinatown is sort of odd (especially at Big Wong), so I'm not even going to give  the mediocre service any mind. We ordered spring rolls (crispy ones), which are actually called egg rolls here. They were by far the biggest, crispiest, most delicious spring (or so they call it, egg) rolls I've had in my life. We also ordered summer rolls (which they call spring rolls here.. lol), and those were delicious as well. Not the best, but still very good.Onto the Pho! All 3 of us ordered the Pho, and the broth was amazing. Full of flavor, yet also very light at the same time.
5	We love the food at Kinh Do in China TownFood is fresh and yummyPrices are fair We will be back for sure
3	Would recommend this place for anyone looking for a typical Vietnamese establishment.  We had the vermicelli which was surprising for 2 reasons.   First I usually have these dishes with the noodles cold and these were warm and second, the noodles were thicker than I usually see.  Nonetheless, all the flavors were great and egg rolls were delicious.  They even had Che ba Mau a tasty refreshing desert drink made with coconut milk if u feel inclined. Happy eatings!
1	We came here around 7pm pm on June 21st, they had 5 to 6 tables that were dirty and still had leftover food on them. I'd say that we waited 5 minutes before they seated us. Half of the table was still dirty, if they were like any other type of restaurant, they would of cleaned the tables before seating their customers. I have never seen a restaurant that dirty before, I've done food inspections in another state. I would recommend they should close down this restaurant for several health violations.As we sat down with the table still being dirty, I overheard a women at another table stating that she ordered her food 45 minutes ago and still hadn't received it yet. That's when we decided to leave, because this clearly indicates they don't care about their customers. Save yourself time and go to another Vietnamese restaurant around the area, this place is a complete waste of time.
4	4 stars. I ordered the grilled bbq pork bahn mi sandwich. It was very flavorful pork and a good sized portioned.  The veggies were perfectly pickled and loved the extra cilantro.  Bread was fresh crunchy on the outside soft and absorbant on the inside. The only downside was the service, I think they are short staffed, I waited a long time before I could even get my to go ordrer in. But definitely would go again for a sit down meal. 4$ for the sandwich !! great price!
4	best all around vietnamese food in las vegas.the pho broth is definitely the best tasting out here. their vermicelli dishes are good. they offer broken rice, and have banh mis. it's hard to get all of these in one vietnamese restaurant!
1	Crappy service. Two parties one of 20 and one of 10 came in and management acted like it was the end of the world. They all freaked out. Resulted in kicking a family out of their table when they have already been seated.My party came in, was seated. With no menu. For 5 minutes. Tell me what's wrong in this picture.We tried to flag a server to order, he rudely told us to hold on. After we finally got to order, we waited another 15 mins just to get water.I am still currently waiting for my food. It's been close to an hour. At this point, their food could be the best in this world and I still wouldn't care.
1	Not a fan.Service was okay.  They aren't friendly but they get the job done.  I don't typically expect the best service at an Asian Restaurant and can pretty much overlook it if the food is worth it.Unfortunately the Pho Tai and the pork patty rolls I ordered were not great.  Everything I ate here was GREASY including the Pho.  Rather weird as I've never had greasy pho.   I had high hopes for Kinh Do due to the other reviews on Yelp but unfortunately it didn't live up to the expectation.
3	Everything was just OK. We had Pho, Bun Bo Hue, Bo Kho, and Nem Nuong Cuon (actually, this one sucked).
2	Came with a large group. This place was kinda empty. Had a mildew odor. Weird. Service was really off. We basically had to grab alot of bowls, drinks and stuff from the waiters.We ordered Pho Deluxe, bun Bo hue and both did not meet expectations. Pho kinda taste bland and bun Bo hue tasted like bun rieu (a tomato base flavor rather a pungent spicy flavor of bun Bo hue).The only plus was the rainbow ice. That was fresh and homemade. Not scooped from a jar. Banh Mi was ok too.Service is bad.Food was below or mediocre.Place had an odor which should have been our first sign to leave.
4	Bun bo hue used to be bomb here - not so much this last time I came here. Gave them 4 stars for good service and hope it'll get better from here...
3	Came by Kinh Do for a quick hangover meal before the group split up to drive back. It was pretty empty, so we were seated quickly. The biggest thing that pestered me here is their slow service. In a typical pho place, you sit down, get your order taken within 2 minutes, and a hot bowl comes out in no more than 10 minutes. Here, we waited a good 10 minutes before our order was taken, then another 5 to get water, then maybe 20-30 just to get our food. I understand there were 8 of us, but it still shouldn't take that long. Maybe the workers were all just too busy watching the Wold Cup final game.I got a Com Thit Nuong (Grilled BBQ pork With Rice - $7.95). Broken rice was great, but the pork did not impress. Thin, dried out pieces. I've had better elsewhere. Not sure how the pho is, but rice dishes are mediocre. Combine that with really slow service and it's not the most appealing place around. At least bathrooms are clean and the World Cup was on.
3	The pho broth wasn't that flavorful.  The tendon, however, was pretty tender.  Lots of noodles and meat though.
4	YO THEY DON'T HAVE FREE EGG ROLLS WITH CHECK-IN ANYMORE.  Still a bomb pho place in Vegas tho, especially when in Vegas come hangover tyme.Following the recomendation first review I read, by Carly N, I ordered Bun Rieu. I'm not Vietnamese, so I can't claim nostalgia for homemade Vietnamese food, but when I think Vegas and I think morning-after meals, I definitely feel a tinge of bitersweet longing for Kinh Do. This is the answer to all your woes.BUN RIEU - I have no native standards to go by, but wow this is an amazing bowl of noodle soup. If you like seafood and noodles and flavor and generous helpings of everything, order bun rieu.EGG ROLLS - some of the best Vietnamese egg rolls I've had, even if they weren't free. Delectably savory filling wrapped in deep fried crispy layers.  I really appreciate the plate of greens and pickles that came with. Definitely dipped some of that lettuce in my soup, because there is an unfortunate dearth of fresh produce in Sin City menus that leaves me dreaming of salad.BUN BO HUE - decent. Hearty herby spicy and satisfying, but doesn't stand out.PHO - broth is solid. At some point, pho is pho is pho and Kinh Do does pretty good pho.PHO GA - meh. Not impressed.VIETNAMESE ICED COFFEE - nothing special; the coffee is a tad weak for my taste. But when it's 100 degrees out and you're hungover af, cold creamy coffee + a steaming bowl of noodle soup works something magical.
3	As I sit here & write this review, I have just "finished" my bowl of Pho Bo Vien. The soup was okay. At least it wasn't bland like the other pho places around here (as stated in other yelper's reviews). The noodle was a little hard when they brought the bowl out. I had to separate it & let the heat soften it down. The overall taste of the pho was sweet & oily. When I say oily, I mean that I can legitimately taste the oil in my soup. But personally, I recommend you all to experience the place for yourself. If you know what good pho tastes like, I recommend you search elsewhere.
4	Food is good here.  They do not skimp out on the meat and they give a lot of noodles if you get pho.  The bowls they serve the food in is huge too.  The only pitfall about this place is if you eat something hot, you're going to sweat your ass off like you were sweating at the gym.  Some of my friends and I were dripping sweat from our faces.  This place has no ceiling fans.  They should at least blast the A/C or something, considering how hot it is outside in Vegas.My apologies, I have no idea what I ate, my friend ordered for me and I always forget the name.  I came in a group of 10 people and they pretty much ordered a good chunk of things from the menu.  Everything they ordered was good.  And there you have it.
2	Maybe this restaurant caters to a more Caucasian palate..? It doesn't have the crisp, clean taste that I appreciate at other pho places. (Just making a quick record for myself so I remember that I would have preferred the usual pho place that I go to in Vegas.)
4	The pho and bun here is ok. Nothing special but the vietnamese sandwiches is pretty good.
4	Fried egg rolls..... Excellent.  Nem neong rolls great.  Pho Thai Nam is good better then average.  Recommend to come here.  I would come back definitely.
4	My go-to pho spot. Plus their banh mi is fantastic.
3	Food is decent..doesnt have a lot of choices of beverages...we got there and the place wasnt even full...but they decided to put us in the little corner in the back close to the restroom...guess they couldnt really see us and it took us a good 5 mins to get them to our table to order....once ordered...food came within 2 mins...overall...i think its just average...
5	I have been on a Pho or Fuh kick recently.  Chinatown has plenty of Pho places nowadays and I am so happy to check this place out!a. Location - Perfect and near everything in Chinatown area.  Plenty of parking and easy to get in and out.b.  Seating and Ambiance - Plenty of tables here for all size parties. you can have easily parties of 6-7 on a round table and then you can string square tables together for a larger party.  I really liked the lighting and the setting. It was clean, well spaced and felt just right.c.  The menu - All Vietnam appetizers, Pho, Bun Bo Hue, rice dishes.Bun Bo Hue - Wow, amazing stuff. Plenty of the bits of carnivorous delight from blood, pork hock, tendons and all the good stuff of the meat that most people won't normally eat. A nice broth and a nice spice.  Served with plenty of cabbage.  This is one of the best.Cha Gio - These egg rolls were pretty darn good. Served with big lettuce and sliced cabbage to roll and dip into the fish sauce.  You can also add a bit of hot sauce to the fish sauce.  They serve 4 per order and I really liked it.Goi Cuon - The spring rolls were about the best  you can get.  Rolled well nice chunks of shrimp and vegetables. Very tasty with the peanut sauce they serve as an a condiment.Nem Neung Cuon - These meat patty spring rolls were equally as great as the Goi Cuon.Pho Dac Biet - My uncle had this special with most of the meats and pho.  Nice. Noodles were just right and plenty of meat.Pho Chin Nam Gan Sach - Grandma loved this and the broth.  She loves brisket and this dish did not disappoint.  Brisket, Flank, Tendon and Tripe.Com Chien Duong Chau - Yangzhou Fried Rice.  My wife ordered this and loved it. I tasted a bit of it and it was great.Everything at this place was just right. The food was awesome, the ambiance and the seating perfect.  Even the bathrooms were nice overall!  Can't beat that for an Asian restaurant.GK says, you gotta check this place out!
4	(TL;DR:- Bun Bo Hue (Vietnamese spicy beef noodle soup) - Good (meats are not that great, but the broth (a little on the oily side) will satisfy)- Bun Rieu (Vietnamese crab and tomato noodle soup) - Terrible (very watery and the crab was weak and straight from the can)- Nem Nuong Cuon (Pork Patty Spring Rolls) they're alright, not amazing, just average. The rice paper wrapper was pretty dense and chewy, plus there's no crispy eggroll inside, but the sauce and the (dry)meat had good flavor)Thorough version: Kinh Do saved my life a few nights ago. I was feeling all of the sickly icky cold symptoms: body aches, stuffy nose/ runny nose, sneeze attacks, & utter contamination. The only thing that could get me out of bed was the thought of hot and comforting noodle soup - Bun Bo Hue (Vietnamese spicy beef noodle soup) - It came out just as I dreamed, scalding hot! It was a huge portion - lots of noodles, brisket cuts, ham hock, coagulated pig blood (don't be scuuured), pretty much all of the typical fixin's. The meats weren't the best, they were dry and sad. The ham hock was all fat and no real meat bits, and the pig blood tasted frozen; but the broth was super hot, flavorful, and had a nice slight spicy kick to it (don't worry, it's not that spicy.) I also requested extra chili garlic sate sauce on the side to add to the soup and it definitely turned up the spice and the flavors quite nicely. I'd recommend trying that if you enjoy bold flavors and spices like I do. Also make sure to add the plate of veggies (bean sprouts, cabbage mix, herbs, lime/lemon), it really helps add great crisp texture and brightens the flavors. (Disclaimer: this might be the best place to get bun bo hue in Vegas, but it's definitely not as good as CA or homemade.) Flavor Rating: 4/5My boyfriend ordered the Bun Rieu (Vietnamese crab and tomato noodle soup) - It was so watery! It seriously tasted like boiled water and a tomato tossed in it. There was no real layering of flavor that we're used to. Also, they barely gave us any crab - the mixture was straight from a can and the fried tofu was dried out and rock hard. Did we come on the wrong day or what? Coming from a Vietnamese chick - I wouldn't recommend ordering this dish here, it's really a disgrace to the real bun rieu. Flavor Rating: 1/5We also tried the nem nuong cuon. They were alright, the meat was a little dry but I liked the flavor and also the dipping sauce was tasty. My issue was the spring roll wrapper was dense and chewy, I spit out a lot of the wrapper towards the end of the roll. Flavor Rating: 3/5
1	Very bad experiences not only with the customer services also with the foods that I ordered.First of all, my broken rice dish with bbq pork and pork skin was very bad.  The rice was half cook.  Meaning, I was chewing into a crispy rice or something.   Pork skin tasted and smelled like something that been lft outside for a lomg time and ready to be rotten.  BBQ pork is little burn, which is acceptable, but it was salty like hell.  We also order egg rolls as an appetizer and Pho Special.  Egg rolls were plain and not to our liking.  Pho noodles were bad, soup was not to the correct medium and tasted rather sweet than pther Pho restaurant.   We asked for cook bean sprout.  It never came.  We asked again and saw no sign.We asked for extra napkins and folks, an older asian waiter nodded his head and then again, we see no signs of our simple requests.  The restaurant was half empty and we were there on 8.11.13 at 815pm!  Either the staff members were tired or they simply telling customers not to come and eat there again.I also did order my three colors dessert but never came to our table.Last thing really blew me away was that,  the three colors dessert was on our check.  We refused to pay since we never received it.  Being a good and responsible customer, we paid our chk and include our 15% tips.  We can imagine how hard it was to work in a restaurant.   So, we still paid our tips regardless of the bad services and low quality foods.   That was our last and only time we go here to dine.EATers beware!   If you come here, expect a bad service experience and low quality food.  Prices were at a higher scale.   Environment is average.
4	Nice location in Chinatown and very spacious.  Tons of parking in the large lot shared with other businesses.   Doesn't seem too hole-in-the-wallish.  My main complaint is that the service seems to be somewhat lacking.  Once seated, it took awhile for our server to come by and take our orders for drinks or to even serve us water.  When we were seated, there wasn't even a whole lot of people in the restaurant.  Maybe a large family group of 10 and another couple.  Once given the waters, we placed our orders.  What should have been a 2-5 minute wait took about 10 minutes before our pho was served.  It was way too long for pho plus given that there wasn't a whole lot of people in the restaurant anyways. The combination pho was pretty good.  Soup was flavored well and on par with most other pho restaurants I've tried.  The quantity of meat and bean sprouts/basil was on par.  Not too generous but not too skimpy.  At the end of the meal, again it took awhile for us to get our check.  By then, I decided to just walk up to the register and pay for it up there rather than waiting for the server.Overall, the quality of food is good but it's the service that really irked me.
5	Great authentic viet food! The server/cook was very nice and accommodating. Pho broth was perfect and super tasty. Overall great service and great food! Will be back for pho soon!
1	Came here because I saw that it was 4 stars on Yelp... But I thought they had other things other than just noodle soup type stuff and other random little things... Blehhh, didn't have what I wanted or was craving, so I kinda just walked out. Idk, it's just like... It's a typical asian place to have other dishes too, not just noodle soups and other random things. Then again, I'm also really picky. Maybe I'll come here another day and try out their pho or something.
3	Slow service...but the noodle soup was delicious!!Bun Rieu was very flavorful and delicious!!Nem nuong was yum!They ran out of the Che
5	When you're in Vegas and want GOOD Vietnamese food, this is the spot. I've had the pho, bun rieu, mi bo kho and so far so good.
3	So I had the Com bi cha suon nuong.  The pork chop was tasty, well flavored and not overly salty.  The bi was good although I didn't care for the meatloaf (cha) because the edge was too firm as though it was left in the oven a tad too long.  overall I had a good lunch.
3	Good customer service, Food was ok. Very happy that they at least had a vegetarian option with vege broth. Though it was a big bowl of soup, i literally got hungry an hour after!
4	It was pretty good for my first time! The food seems fresh and very flavorful. We were seated right away and our food came quickly.
5	I've tried a lot of pho places all around the east coast (where I'm originally from), a couple in CA, and some in Vegas, and Kinh Do is undoubtedly the BEST broth I've ever had!! I never knew the broth could be so good BEFORE putting all the condiments in!!! I am so happy I found this place not too long after I moved to Vegas. Never going to a different pho spot ever again!!
5	If you love a good pho broth, in my opinion, they have the best PHO in Las Vegas.  My second choice would be Jenni Pho, then Lemongrass.  They also have the best Banh Mi in Las Vegas.  Lots of filling in their sandwiches, just be aware if you don't like jalapenos, let them know.  They throw those into the sandwiches.  :)
5	Good customer services! Order a Bun Bo Hue. The broth is not hot enough for a vegie. Kinda dissappointed. Request to warm up the broth little bit. They brought out a new bowl. Better and hot! Can't ask for more! Satisfied!
5	5 stars for the banh mi. Got the combo banh mi, and it was the best I've ever had (besides Portland at a food cart). The bread was toasted so everything was super warm with a crunchy exterior, and the ingredients inside were perfect. This one also has a cucumber which made the banh mi even better. Also got the pho with everything, and although it was nothing special, it is still yummy and perfect after a long night out. Will be back for the banh mi!
4	WOW, we were both amazed by the taste of the pho as it was flavorful!We both ordered the Pho Chin Nam Gan Sach (Brisket, Flank, tendon, Tripe) and it was plenty.It wasn't too crazy busy so service was on point.I will def be back here!
4	Nice & neatNot much seafood in seafood Pho don't recommend.Egg rolls are nice and tasty. They come with leafs of salad, done other vegetables and special sauce.Broccoli with shrimps are tasty too.
4	Took my friend to try his first pho here. It was my first time here too. The pho wasn't half bad, probably the best pho in vegas. Lots of meat in the pho, broth was flavorful. We also ordered the spring rolls and nem nuong roll. It was fresh and yummy.. Will try this place again my next vegas trip.
1	So if you're a pho lover, it may be good but I decided to try the rest of the stuff = poop.   We had Bun Rieu = flavorless.  Bun Thit Nuong Cha = taste just like salt.  Sandwiches....  There's no pate.  They mix the pate with the mayo so there's only speckles of pate.  So I'm putting one star to balance this good review.  Buyers beware.  Only go for beef pho.  The rest = sucks.
5	The best Pho I've had in Vegas, really good and flavorful. I had a great talk with the server Batel who is HISPANIC & beautiful. Don't be alarmed to see a Mexican serving you, the food is authentic.
4	WOW, we were both amazed by the taste of the bun bo hue as it was rich and flavorful! I also suggest the Mi Hoanh Thanh. If you're looking for cheap Vietnamese food in Vegas check out Kinh Do. It's off the strip but worth the drive.
3	3.5 star, Pretty legit vietnamese food. The banh mi was one of the better ones we've had, definitely recommend that. The vermicelli was average, meat was a little overdone. The spring rolls were good, no mint though.
4	Another one of those claiming the best Pho in Vegas, I really can't tell the difference maybe I don't have very good pho taste buds.
4	I was debating about giving this place a 3 or 4 stars...since the owner was so gracious I decided to give that extra star. So i am the type of person that sticks to what i like and eventually I will branch out. I had stumbled into kihn do because I was getting tired of pho Kim long. Anyways, my bf and I walk in and it's not very big, 20 two top max. I ordered the bun bu hue (I think) and my boyfriend ordered the sliced beef. Mine was a tomatoe based soup with shrimp and crab, but I could have done without the crab. Very flavorful and definitely the type of soup that will warm you up on a cold Las Vegas winter day lol. I stole a sip of my boyfriends broth and I gotta say it was much better than pho Kim longs.Lastly my bf ordered a Chinese BBQ bahn mi to go for lunch for only 3.50 now that is A steal and he said it was as good as lees sandwich, which is saying a lot. Definitely a thumbs up!
4	One of my favorite cheap eat places in Chinatown! I usually go for the grilled pork BBQ Vietnamese sandwich. I love that their bread is the perfect amounts of doughy and crispy and they fill it very generously with meat, veggies and mayo. Their meat is never too chewy or fatty and one sandwich usually does the job to fill me up. When you order egg rolls or spring rolls, they make sure everyone at the table has dipping sauces. I'm not a fan of pho, I do like their soup-base and the people that I have ordered with did enjoy their pho. I enjoy drinking their hot tea, especially since they don't charge extra. The owners and workers here are always very attentive and the restaurant has plentiful seating and is never too full. The only con I could think of is that they usually have Fox News playing in the background, which makes for unsavory commentary or images while you are dining.
2	I had the chicken rice plate with shredded pork and meat pie. The entire dish was super dry and the side sauce was quite salty. The nem nuong was decent, but sauce was weird. Overall, no idea why this place has good ratings. My friends didn't even like their hu tieu nam vang dish. Ill past!!
4	Straight up, my favorite Vietnamese joint in Vegas.Kihn Do is a no frills restaurant with several tables, no real decorations to speak of. Don't let it's bland, lack of ambiance deter you, the tasteless interior quickly fades when the tasty Vietnamese food arrives.The Pho here has such a rich, complex flavor that I don't need to add hoisin or Sarracha to it. Just add the veggies. I love the cold weather only because it's an excuse to eat massive quantities of delicious soup!The service here isn't good, it's not even okay, but they don't get shitty with you when you wave your arm at them and ask for refills.Get your Pho here and Pho-get-about-the-rest.
5	Bahn Mi bbq pork sandwhich is so good. They have lots of sandwhiches to chose from. I'm coming here again !
3	I've always gone to Pho Kim Long down the street for Pho in Vegas but I have no idea why.  But now I know why not to go there.Kinh Do is just a couple blocks down the street and guess what?  NO WAIT.  The Pho, Egg Rolls, Bun Rieu are just as good, if not better than Pho Kim Long.  I think they actually give you a bigger bowl too.  And did I mention, NO WAIT?  Drove by Pho Kim Long and there was a massive crowd of people waiting...yeah, glad that wasn't me.Prices are comparable $7-9 range.  Serving sizes are huge.  However, still just 3 stars because let's face it, pho back in SoCal is just plain better. Maybe it's the water, maybe it's the chefs, I don't know.  Whether in the SGV or Little Saigon, it's just simply better and cheaper.  The Bun Rieu hit the spot here, but the crab mix was not crabby enough. Not enough crab and not stuck together right.  It was kind of just floating all around the lake of red soup.    It'll make sense to those who eat authentic viet food on the regular.BUT...with all that said, still the best alternative to Pho Kim Long.  Yep.
5	Pho is excellent and spring rolls are great!
5	I've tried many pho places in vegas Pho Kihn Do is by far my favorite the special combo pho is as close to Cali pho as it gets here in vegas. I'm so happy I found this spot.
5	Another example that Vegas' best food is found on Spring Mountain Road.  Excellent Bun noodles and Banh Mi.  Highly recommended.
4	Since Ramen Misoya was closed for interior remodeling I stopped in for lunch here. It was before the noon hour on a Thursday so parking was no issue.The older male who I suspect is the owner filled my request to be seated by a power outlet even though it was a table for 8. I started off with some pork springs rolls that were tasty and fresh. I also ordered the regular chicken Pho which was tempurature hot, contained generous amounts of chicken and the broth was delish.Overall a solid luncheon - good food and service, so I'll be back.
4	Very, very good. Pho was amazing and the best meat balls. Side fixins for pho were very fresh and just washed before coming to table. Perfect!!!Bon Mi special sandwich - just like above. Bread, veggies and pork very, very fresh as excellent. Great food and very clean. Certainly worth a stop in vegas.
5	Absolutely great place after a night out on the Vegas Strip either dancing or drinking the night away. Me and a couple of 3 other buddies decided to stop here and did the egg roll check - in special.  Service was so nice they threw in 2 extra ones at no cost. Best place after a hangover to enjoy some authentic Vietnamese food.We were thinking about stopping by the other highly reviewed Vietnamese restaurant on Yelp, but ended up here on accident since our original place was hard to find. Good mistake. Would come back again.
4	The pho here is really good. Still haven't found the PERFECT bowl of pho yet in Vegas but this place is almost close. I ordered their pho w/ meatballs, while my friend got the rare steak pho and asked for the rare steak on the side. Both of the times I've been here, the pho was delicious and consistent. Other Vietnamese restaurants have gross meatballs that taste rubbery and artificial but the meatballs here were not like that, they were delicious and perfectly bite-sized. Also, definitely ask for the steak to be on the side, the meat tastes much better and cooked to your liking. The noodles and broth were flavorful :)Their banh mi is delicious as well. They're generous on the meats rather than loading up on pickled carrots, daikon and such.The service here was quick. Our food came out in just a few minutes! Our server was a Hispanic lady but she was friendly, filled water, delivered check on time, etc. Even though she's not Vietnamese/Asian, the food here is still authentic and it's nice having a server that can speak English or more than a few words to you sometimes haha. Overall, I enjoy eating here. I've been craving a nice bowl of pho more often now since weather freezing (although I have ate pho numerous times while it was 110 degrees outside :p) If only they were open late!
4	Hole in the wall environment. Casual & fast dining. Good service. Toilet situation not so much.
4	Very fresh and Fast service.The Pho broth is perfect.The food is clean and the place is clean.What best you can expect from all Pho or Vietnamese restaurant.The only thing that did not get 5 star from me is the ambiance.Yes for restaurant is count.
5	This place is consistently good. I have tried many items on menu everything was good. Pho has good flavor. Service is good and fast one of the best places in Chinatown.
4	This is a nice family business. I tried their Bun Bo Hue and I must say it was the best I've had so far. The server was attentive and friendly. Definitely coming back to try other dishes :)
5	This place is awesome the prices are good the food is amazing I love it!!!! The service really nice too, fresh pho!!!!
5	Ok, so I've been here a dozen times, and I can confidently say this is my favorite pho joint. The service is more than on point, and the food even more so. To each their own, and I've been to a handful of Vietnamese places in town, but this is by far my favorite. Can't recommend enough. Enjoy!!!
5	The food was delicious!! All 3 of my kids- 16, 10, & 6 ate their food happily!! The service & atmosphere were great!! They were more than willing to answer all of our questions, & give suggestions.  The prices were very reasonable!! We would definitely come back again!!
3	its a decent Vietnamese restaurant...ban mi sandwiches are pretty good. Food is OK.
3	While they have decent spring rolls, their pho broth is quite salty. It is flavorful, to be sure, but when you're hungover from a night out, this is definitely not the broth you want to be drinking. The excess MSG they add will worsen your hangover and leave you thirstier for the rest of the day. Meat and noodles were good though.
2	This place get a four stars in Las Vegas. In my opinion,  they  are a solid two stars in regards to taste. I am thinking that people were still drunk when they wrote their reviews. I started off with a Vietnamese coffee, I was tired, but I couldn't bring myself to down more than 3 sips. The theme of the day was salty. The coffee was salty and the Pho was salty. Save your $26 and go eat at Mr.Mama. It's not Vietnamese food, but at least it's delicious.
4	First time having Pho in years! I saw the great reviews so I thought I would give it a try. I was not disappointed. I had the raw beef Pho. It was great! The weather was chilly that day so it made for a great way to end the night! I recommend this place to anyone who like Pho or wants to try it for the first time! The Spring Rolls were great too!
2	Pho here was ok, broth was to salty for my taste even after squeezing in half a lemon. Portions were decent, the server was very nice and pleasant. The middle asian man taking our order was kinda sad looking... Didn't even crack a smile..
3	Pho : 3stars (pho seems to have Americanized taste)Bo kho 4 starsBun rieu 4 starsService: 3 stars (slow.. Not enough wait staff) Come for the food, do not use the restroom.
2	I give the food 2.5 stars but if there were negative stars for service, this restaurant definitely deserves it. Yes, I know there is a stereotype that asian restaurants have poor service and to deal with it but their service was unusually bad. I went here with my family before we headed back home from Vegas. Upon entering, no one came to greet or seat us. We seated ourselves...yikes. We waited around a few minutes and after five minutes go by, we had to grab our own menu. We all ordered pho noodles which usually come out super quick but ours took about 15 minutes. The broth was decent but nothing special. I had better pho in the little saigon pho places back in Orange County. Do yourself a favor and skip this place.
5	John is the bomb dot com! This place is awesome for banh mi sandwiches. But be aware, they can sometimes sell out. So get 'em while you can! As for the rest of the menu, standard Vietnamese pho fare. Perfect for first-meal-day-after-a-night-of-dubachery.Be prepared for a little wait Saturday and Sunday noon times. :)  or call ahead to make reservations! ^_^
3	Had the Pho today and it was good, but the service was lacking. The food did come out quickly, though. Overall, nothing outstanding but nothing was that bad either.
3	The place was an okay size. Not too small & not too big. The prices are reasonable. You can tell that it is a family business. The only reason I gave it a 3 star, is because I waited for like 20 to get my food...they were slow.... That's the only down side.
5	Delicious all around ... Good egg rolls pho bun bo.. Makes me want to try everything on their menu.. Highly recommended this place for everyone ... Good service did I mentioned.
5	This is a quick update for Kinh Do.  1. It is better to call a Pho restaurant by its other names and exclude Pho.  If you pronounce the Pho as Fuh like it should, your kid's and their wild imaginations will laugh silly as half of the restaurants will sound like a word that kids should not be using.....Pho Kinh Do???2.  Went back here after a three week Pho research in San Francisco and Las Vegas where I tried about 5 different places serving Bun Bo Hue.  So far, Kinh Do is simply the best. The amount of "stuff" or offal they have in this soup is absolutely the best.  the broth is great and the spice heat level is very on target. 3.  Ok, I cheated and ordered this Bun Bo Hue with Pho noodles instead of the vermicelli and it was the best.See my 2013 review for notes on the other dishes.GK says, the Best BBH in town.
