5	I was invited to a special @SmashBurgerPHX Sneak Peek Preview Party. Of course I attended!Our hosts, Kurt and Christina, whom I'd met previously, at the SmashBurger location on Cambelback, were again amazing. Very attentive to everyone's needs. Quick to pass you a sample of their DELICIOUS shakes, or a cup for some soda while waiting in line.Tonight I opted for the BBQ Bacon Cheddar Smashburger, with an added fried egg, and chipotle sauce and mayo. I also added some Cholula, because it's so damn good!We also had an order of their fantastic haystack onions, and an order of their signature Smashfries, which I described in my other review;"The smashfries are pure goodness! Tossed with garlic oil, rosemary, garlic, and other herbs, they were fantastic!"Sadly, they were out of their veggie frittes, which was sad, but understandable, given the popularity of the free food event. :DI have been really wanting to get back to SmashBurger since the previous @PHXTasteCasting event, but life and finances have prevented me. I was OVERjoyed at getting the VIP invite!Thanks again, Kurt and Christina!!!P.S. I did not see, and did not inquire about, any beer or wine. I know it is available at the Camelback location. Perhaps they are awaiting a license?P.P.S.If anyone wants to see my previous review of a different SmashBurger location; http://goo.gl/QldC
3	My wife and I were invited to the pre-grand opening thing here last night.  It was pretty much like I expected; free food, pretty busy, etc., etc.The actual location is very nice, very new and very clean so no complaints there.  Their entire staff from the people running the event to the managers to the cashier were all very fast, friendly and helpful.I didn't really know what to make of this place.  Is it fast food?  Is it a nice, sit-down type of place?  I think it is a small, more "upscale", "boutiquey" Fudruckers.  I'm not saying that is a bad thing.  Just saying that is what I thought of the place.  Anyway, about the food:* Smashwedge Salad - my wife and I shared this and it was very good.  Very odd though (in a good way) for a fast food place.* Classic Smashburger - Excellent.  Perfectly juicy and tasty.  Definitely one of the best fast food burgers I've tasted.  You can see and taste that the ingredients were very fresh.* Smashfries and Sweet Potato Smashfries = No bueno!!!  I was really looking forward to eating these, but I didn't think they were very good at all.  I just do not enjoy rosemary on my fries.  French fries shouldn't taste like soap or something.  I don't know - maybe I'm just not fancy enough to like random herbs on my fries.  At the very least they could have went farther down fancy lane and provided some aioli which would have been nice.  Next time I'm going to hold the flowers and order regular fries for sure.I know I wasn't paying but I feel this place is overpriced.  An average of $6-$7 for a burger or chicken sandwich seems a bit high.  By the time you add fries and a drink you are over $10 which is way high for a fast food place.I really wanted to try the veggie frites but they were out so maybe next time I'll give them a whirl.  I may give the fried pickles a shot as well because I am very curious as I had never tried one before.Anyway, my first Smashburger experience was a pleasant one and I would like to return to get another burger, try their regular fries, get some veggie frites and maybe a fried pickle.
4	The location is convenient to my office and easy to get in and out of parking.  If it were as easy to get in and out of the restaurant, I might have another star on my review.  As I was waiting for my to-go order (quoted 5 - 7 minutes, took 10 - 15) I saw numerous patrons attempt to leave the same way they came in, which is where the line was.  The traffic pattern inside is very poorly designed.  I was greeted nicely by a cashier  that looks like she needs to remove her funky earring and get back into high school and get her diploma, but she was friendly and efficient, until she needed to count out the 46 cents in change.  Yes, some people still use cash.I ordered a mushroom-swiss SmashBurger for me and a Classic for my father.  I added on the sweet-potato fries and a shake.  Since the burgers took a while I had time to savor an outstanding milkshake.  Handmade & mixed, and it tastes of quality.  After I got back to my office, I tore into the burger, which was moist, jucy, and flavorful.  A really outstanding burger that befits the fast-casual restaurant.  Not as impressed with the sweet potato fries though - as my colleage Jason B. mentioned, it seems that they are trying to do too much with them.  2 burgers, a shake and side of fries was almost $20.  Of course, you're paying for quality, but that is very pricy, and I'm not sure it fits the demographic of the area.  I'm certainly down to go for a special occasion, but I just don't see this as any more than an once-a-month place.
4	went to smash-burger on sat night.  the food was really excellent if not a little messy.  i had the arizona smash and fries.  the fries were a great surprise ...lightly flavored with garlic and rosemary yummm.  and you got plenty to share (which i did).  i kept looking at the menu, it's limited but they seem to have everything i could have wanted and a burger joint.  i would go back till i tried it all.  we shall see.  check this place out.
5	Yes, I like Smashburger.It is not the best hamburger I've ever had.It is not the fastest hamburger place you'll go to.It is not trendy and fancy.What it is, is a great sort of fast-casual (read: slower than McDonalds, faster than a sit-down restaurant) restaurant.  The burgers are high quality for a casual dining restaurant.  They have a few different varieties of burgers, all coming in either 1/3lb or 1/2lb versions.  You can also build your own using any combination of their available toppings.  Highlight of the entire meal for me :  Adding a fried egg on top of my burger.  My wife makes fun of me for it, but toss a fried egg on a burger, and I'm in heaven.  This place tosses a perfectly fried egg ontop of a delicious burger...fantastic.The fries are quite tasty as well.  Our super-friendly cashier informed us that the fries are actually McDonalds' old french fry recipe, before they switched to canola oil, etc.  She says Smashburger bought the recipe/etc and now use it as their own.  Who knows if that's true, but it sure did taste true.  Delicious, crispy, salty...amazing.  Just like McD's used to make - you know, before they took out the trans fats, etc.  Maybe they aren't health food...but as a time-to-time indulgence, not so terrible.  They offer regular varieties with sea salt, or they have "SmashFries" with olive oil, rosemary, etc.  They also have Sweet Potato fries...  Hard to choose just one, as they are each great for their own reasons.  Honestly, I think the regular salted fries are my favorite, but not by much.We tried the Smashchicken crispy too - not bad!  Hard to order chicken at a place that does such good burgers, but it was quite tasty.  Not the highest quality cut of bird, but it was white meat and tender and pretty darn good.  Finally...the milkshakes.  Nothing earth-shattering, but definitely quality.  The chocolate was smooth without being overpowering.  They also have a "cactus vanilla" which is a blend of vanilla and prickly pear.  I loved it.  Subtle prickly pear flavor with a good strong vanilla.  I really enjoyed it.The prices aren't fast food low.  Between 2 of us, we were easily over $20...but we didn't exactly skimp on anything either.  2 burgers, 2 fries, 2 milkshakes.  We'll definitely return, and I suggest you give it a shot as well.
4	Bomb bbq bacon burger. Applewood smoked bacon cooked perfectly and smash sauce complemented the smashfries! Next time I will definetly try a milkshake. Plus all the workers were super nice.
4	I'm so glad they opened a Smashburger within walking distance.  The mushroom swiss burger and sweet potato fries are the best.  My only problem is that it's too expensive.  2 people would likely spend about $20 for lunch.
2	Longing for a juicy (greasy!) burger? Well here it is, in one of the Valley's four new Smashburger locations!Juicy, juicy, juicy! Nice taste. Probably the closest to my favorite ("Steak and Shake" - none in the Valley or west of Texas) I have had. Opted for the  1/2 pound and it is too big. Big  question is - worth more than twice the price ($4.99 for 1/3 pound and $5.99 for  1/2 pound) as for "In and Out" double-double and unfortunately the answer is no, I don't think so. Much like Fudruckers, which I would rate ahead of Smashburger for taste, it will be a "once in a while place" for me.The "Haystack Onion Rings" were to die for, but a VERY small order, that without a sandwich are priced at a very pricey $2.99 ($1.99 with a sandwich)! Excellent!Very clean, lots of help and nicely done, but prices are a bit much for fast food Hamburger.
5	Great place for a burger. Watching the assistant manager cruise through this place and make sure everyone has what they need is impressive.  Been quite a few years since I worked in the restaraunt business but all i remember assistant managers doing is sitting in the back room screwing off on naughty websites. Props smashburger good staff!
5	Food is always good, Arizona burger was awesome! Great service. Saw the assistant manager serving guests right along with his staff. Very refreshing to see, he was very polite as were the rest of the employees. Food came out quickly even though it was during the busy lunch hour. I will definitely come back again. :)
4	I loved this place! The food was great but the people and atmosphere really made the experience. I loved the burger I ordered and the onion strings! Everything was simple but delicious! Definitely a fun, casual place for burgers and more with very nice people and great service!
3	I love Smashburger, really I do.  I've been putting off going to this location, and finally got around to getting in there tonight. Unfortunately, I had a bad service experience, and, even though I will probably return, I'm upset after tonight with this specific location.  Here's why:I got here around 5:30 and went with the all american burger with a haystack of onion rings.  There wasn't a whole lot of people in the place when I got there, but it soon started to fill up after I sat down and started to eat.Halfway through my meal, I had finished my drink and needed a refill. I also figured since the onion rings were small, I would also grab a fork while I was up at the beverage station.  Mind you, the place was full at this point. I stood up, took my purse, grabbed my drink and walked to the beverage station.  As I turned around, I saw one of the bus boys clearing my table. My burger wasnt even half eaten.  I started to go after him to leave my food, and he did not hear me.  He walked right by me with my dinner and continued on into the kitchen.  I was FURIOUS.  I had just paid $10 for a full meal, and this kid was taking it away.  (it was half the burger and half the fries, not the whole burger.)While he walked into the kitchen, I grabbed one of the burger girls and told her what was going on.  I explained that I had gone to the drink station to get more pop and this kid took away my food and I wasnt done.  She told me to hold on a second, and grabbed the kid (who appeared to be in high school) and told me to tell him what I had told her.  I explained to him that I was NOT DONE EATING and he had taken away the rest of my dinner.  He apologized, as did the server.  I was still upset, and told him I didnt want an apology, I wanted the the rest of my dinner!They offered to cook me up another burger and fries.  I decided to pass, as I was mostly full from what I had already eaten.  I asked them to get the manager and the kid ran in the back of the kitchen and never came back out.  I wanted them to know what had happened, so that way they would know.I left and called the store when I got home and talked to the manager. I explained that I was upset, as anyone would be, and had wanted to talk to her about it in person, but the kid who went to get the manager never reappeared. It was upsetting for me all the way around.The manager apologized and took my name and number.   They said that if I come in, I can have a gift certificate for a free meal there, which is what I had wanted in the first place.Anyways, even though I love the food here, I dont know that I will be back to this specific location any time soon, due to this whole thing.
2	I really hoped this place would be better.My biggest gripe is the food--everything else I can forgive. All burgers are served the same temp (well), which means the meat is frozen. For the price, I would expect more. That said, my mushroom swiss burger was good. The AZ smashburger had too much going on--a lot of conflicting flavors that didn't make a cohesive burger. Fries: Smashfries: yum. Veg Frites: pass. They truly are still vegetables and taste like it. Okay, and all the rest...Service: an inefficient model. None of the workers seemed to have assigned posts, and milled around aimlessly. This probably caused the dirty seats. Milkshake delivery was similarly inefficient, tying up the people assigned to the cashier's desk until they finished blending the shakes. I would fix this, especially for busy high-peak times. Practical advice: bring a sweater! there was quite a wind-tunnel in the place.
5	Dropped into Smashburger for the first time, to see how they compare with the terrific Five Guys.  Here's how it went:Like Five Guys (50 W Jefferson), they were already roaring busy just after opening time.  For this first visit I ordered a regular 1/3 lb. Smashburger, a regular fries, & a chocolate malt from the friendly cashier.  This place is nice inside, with up-to-the-minute styling, up to the minute excellent alternative pop music playing, such as A Fine Frenzy, at just the right volume, & BOOTHS!!  YEAH BOOTHS!!    :-))    :-))    .... & I got very lucky & landed one that was perfectly comfortable & peaceful, despite the crowd in the place!My malt arrived first, & it was super good!  Then in a little while came the burger, open-faced on a little wire tray, piled up with all the good burger goodies including mild purple onion slices, & cheese!  You just add your own mustard, HEINZ   :-))   Ketchup, & salt & pepper to taste.  They have "special" fries available here, as do Five Guys, but I ordered the regular ones this time.  They were peeled 7/32" shoestrings, cooked just a big crunchy with a little sea salt, with the right amount for one person in a stylish little metal basket.Once you put your burger together, good luck trying to get your mouth all the way from top to bottom of it, but not to worry...  they have REAL SILVERWARE available to cut it up & eat it with a fork if you like!So how was it, & how did it compare with Five Guys?  Well, the burger was SENSATIONAL, so let's break it all down:Best service:  Smashburger, because they bring your order to your table.  At Five Guys you have to listen through all the racket for them to call your number.Best atmosphere:  Smashburger, with their very comfortable booths!Best meat:  Tie!  Absolutely terrific burger patties at both places.Best burger:  Five Guys, just barely, maybe.  Both were really great!Best fries:  Five Guys.  These fries were good, Five Guys' were special!Best value:  Tie!  Burgers almost the same price, more expensive fries at Five Guys serve two.The winner:  Smashburger!  For me, the booth seating, table service, & little things like the stylish presentation of the food (instead of a paper sack!), & available silverware, make it the winner, by a zillionth of a Star!  Both of these places are SO GOOD, & make poor former champ In-N-Out seem like it belongs back in the '60's.    :-OClassic Smashburger 1/3lb:  $4.99, Fries $1.69, Malt $3.99.
3	We finally stopped at Smashburger this evening. I'd heard a lot of good things about the place and was looking forward to it.The food was good. The burger reminded me of Steak and Shake back in Indiana, or maybe the old Wendys of the late 1970's. The onion ring things were good, with the same sort of yummy sauce you get with the Bloomin' Onion at Outback Steakhouse. The other people with me had the fries, which were also good--garlic on them, I think. The atmosphere was a step up from a typical fast food place, but only a step. The prices were, I thought, really high for what you get. That is the reason for three stars instead of four. I would expect more for the money--better yet, knock 50 cents to $1 off of each item. That would be a winner.All in all, it was okay. Everything good, nothing great, and almost as expensive as a full service restaurant.
5	I absolutely (heart) smashburger!! This is definately a place worth raving about.We have never been to this place before but decided to give it a try since it was on our way to the movies.This is what I call a BOMB burger joint!! You know that you found a great burger place when you feel that you need a freakin' bib in order to eat there. Everything is absolutely delicious and fresh. Meat, veggies, fries... Mushroom and Swiss Burger is a burger worth trying - more than once.smashburger will now be on our regular rotation! ;)
1	You people cannot all be serious....After being lured in by the clean signage (which looks remarkably similar to gamestop... in fact this is originally how we found out about this place...) the simple menu, and a decent smell I must admit I am completely dissapointed.Court ordered a 1/3 while I splurged for the 1/2 pound burger, we mixed it up with sweet potato fires, and onion strings what we found was the following.Every person who eats here must be;Fat and used to having to dig around the grease pool our burgers were swimming in.Stupid by being conned into paying $25 dollars (we shared a drink) for $5 worth of burger materials and $2 worth of the measliest portion of fries possible....My 1/2 pound burger was flat as a pancake and had literally 2 inches of meat in a ring around the bun.....slothered with a sickening sweet BBQ sauce, cheese and a single onion string, it had completley (I mean literally) soaked both sides of the bun with grease to the point where I removed the bun and squeezed it our as you might ring out a towel.....gross.  The onion strings were okay for pre bought stuff, you can get the same thing at chilis except they charge $1 less and actually strain them before serving.Courts burger at least fit the bun (points for that) but was salty as anything which suggests they are keeping the meat way longer than they should......same issues with the grease.....literally I feel acne growing on my face just thinking about it....The sweet potato fries were uninspired and greasy again, I have never had a bad sweet potato fry until yesterday......I guess it had to happen sooner or later.I must admit after eating at literally hundreds of burger joints this is by far the worst which is sad because there is major potentialWe got about halfway through our meal before we couldn't stomach it anymore....I have a stomach of iron....and felt sick all day after eating just 1/4 of a burger and a few onion strings and fries.....Main Complaints;Grease and IngredientsMeasly portions of sides (for $3 a side I would expect more....)Smallest Drinks I have ever seen ($3 for a 'Large' for what McDonalds calls a small.... come on people)Long story short if this was my only option I would starve.....best of luck to all you facing this grease burger the only thing I wanted to smash after finishing was my face into a toilet bowl.....
3	i first had smashburger in its hometown of Denver, CO. it was heavenly, so delicious with just the right amount of grease. tasty fries too!well, i was sorely disappointed to discover that we didn't have any here in AZ. then one day, while driving, i saw the building for this one but they weren't open yet. so, i thought that i would check and see how many actually were in the valley. there was another close by that we went to a couple of times, but really we were just waiting for this one to open!i've been there with Matthew 3 times and my mom once. i'm sorry to say that it's not really been better than mediocre. the burgers are overly greasy and the fries are too, their soda fountain is delicious however.i usually get the bbq bacon burger with the bbq on the side, with petal sauce for my smashfries. this time i added a side of smash sauce, i still don't know if i liked it or not. it was very odd.i will go here again, but i think i'll try the chicken as i've been meaning to.
2	another disappointing visit to smashburger. i got the avocado chicken club, crispy with no tomato. it comes to the table, GRILLED. also the order of smashfries was incredibly skimpy. i actually mentioned it and received more, so kudos there i guess. i ordered a side of petal sauce which took 10 minutes, was told they were making a new batch...found that pretty weird. isn't that what a.m. prep does?  the chicken sandwich was something comparable to mcdonald's or wendy's and around the same price. not impressed.i was so excited about this smashburger opening and it has done nothing but disappoint me.  i think maybe i'll go back to the other tempe location and see if it's still good because i'm not going back to this one for a looooooooong time.
3	I love a greasy burger joint so I wanted to try Smashburger.  I took my order to go.  The layout of the store is different than most burger place...a rather minimalist front counter.  The service was quick, and I received my food in a reasonble amount of time.  It was hot and fresh.  I ordered the 1/3 Smashburger with everything and Smashfries.  The burger was ok.  It was spiced in the same way that Hamburger Works or the Chuckhouse does their burgers.   The veggies on the burger were fresh.  The bun started to fall apart about the time I finished the burger.  overall...it was just ok.  It ain't no Lenny Burger.  I'd rather go to Fatburger then Smashburger.  The fries were crispy and flavored.  They were good.  When I first saw them I thought the portion was rather small, but when I took it out of the box in which they came, it appeared to be a normal portion.I won't avoid the place if people want to go there...but I won't make a special trip.
5	The best burger in Phoenix.  Reminds me of how Five Guys Burgers and Fries used to be.  The smashburger and smashchicken (fried) are delicious.  Ever since ordering the haystack straws, I've never been able to muster up the motivation try the fries.  You'll have to wait for your burger or chicken because they make it to order.  That's a good thing, by the way.  And, in case the name of the restaurant did not tip you off, yes, I will confirm it in all sincerity, smashburger is not the place to go if you are on a diet.
3	In my search for the perfect burger, I was hoping I found a winner. The buns are good, but no different than Fuddruckers. I found the burger itself to be a little too salty and greasy. Didn't care for the fries or the onion strings at all. It's a clean and reasonably priced venue but it just doesn't do it for me.
4	Had the Arizona Smashburger with SmashFries, Fried Pickles, Chili, and an Oreo Shake. Yeah yeah so much for my diet. I guess today is my Smash-Cheater-Day. The Burger was good, the Habenareos Cheese, Guacamole, and Chipotle Mayo were good. The burger was not greasy at all. The 1/2lb. burger was much bigger than the bun. The pickles were a little salty, but very good and something one does not get to try all the time. The Chili is Steak Chili, very dark, no beans, with Jalapenos & Cheese. The Oreo Shake was Haagen-Dazs with real Oreos...very tasty! The place was clean, restrooms clean, and staff very friendly. Overall a good time.
4	Great food the first time there.  Food is always good, service is a little slow but hopefully just due to getting employees in the groove.  Veggie side is great.
4	Wow... this is a good burger.  And this Smashburger location has deep-fried pickles!  Dangerous combination.  I really liked the simple lay-out.  You walk in, order at the counter, sit down, and they bring you your food.  Once you dig in, you get to enjoy a juicy, delicious burger with fries of your choice.  All is good!  Only problem is, it's the type of meal that makes you wanna curl up and take a nap for the rest of the day. lolIt's like a gourmet burger, but for much better prices.See ya there!
4	Good, quick service and great burgers, fries and shakes.  The BBQ bacon and cheese burger is really good.  You cAn even build your own burger to your individual taste.
5	OUTSTANDING burger.  Their fries are excellent as well.  I also like the fact that they do not use iceberg lettuce.
1	To eat a ChicagoDog outside of Chicago city limits or not to eat a ChicagoDog in AZ....uuuuhhmmmmm, definitely the latter! Not a fan of the hot dog, nor their "rosemary" fries. The food was SOOO BLAND. I ordered mine to-go, and there was maybe a a handful of fries in the little box and a cold dog. booo!I took it home and doctored it with celery salt and mustard... and washed it down as fast as I could with a tasty brew... all that for the absurd price of $7.00! I might be tempted to go back and try a burger..but probably not....negatory.
3	We had a chicken sandwich with no bun and a BBQ, bacon, cheese burger with fries.  The portion size was sufficient.  The atmosphere was casual with a contemporary setting.  There was nothing that was exciting and a little pricey for a burger.
1	I had such a nice experience here - Classic Chicken - the first time that I really wanted to go back. Second time, onion strings were so greasy I couldn't eat them, burger was okay. Third time, yesterday? Enough to say we wont go back. Ever. Lovely and I sat in a sticky booth, he ordered 1/3 lb classic, me the bbq grilled chicken - both with a small soda. Soda was disgusting, flat, watery, gross. Upon the lovely's complaint, the bus boy brought him bottled water. I took one bite of my sandwich and was assaulted by hair. Gak. We got up and left our food. Jeff told the manager about the food and the soda, we got our money back with an apology saying they were sorry we 'didn't have a better experience'. Um. A better experience??? Seriously? 15 dollars? Ugh.
5	Best fast food burger we have ever had.  Tastes better than a delicious restaurant burger.  We have been back three times in two weeks and we live in Maricopa, a half an hour away!  Get the chili fries, YUM!
4	I was able to go try SmashBurger for the first time the other night at the Sin City Burger VIP Party. I have to say, it was pretty darn good. Staff was super friendly and helpful in letting us know what they're favorites were. The location is clean and very contemporary, but it still had a 50's burger joint feel. I liked it.My husband and I both ordered the Sin City burger, since it was the guest of honor. I got the 1/3 lb (there was a 1/2 lb available too) and it was stacked with sauteed onions, thick cut apple wood bacon, a fried egg and then their shoestring onion rings on top of a golden kaiser roll. Holy crap, the 1/3 was huge! I couldn't imagine the 1/2 pounder. I could only eat half (which of course made my husband happy). Anyway...it was good! I was curious about the fried egg aspect, but it was like breakfast on a burger. Burgers good. Breakfast good. My only thing was it was a tad salty for my taste, but luckily for me they had Four Peaks Kilt Lifter available with a frosted cold mug. :) :) :)We also ordered the rosemary fries and the shoestring onion rings on the side. I was a fan of the fries...I loves me some rosemary. They were cooked to crispy yet mealy perfection. The onion rings were okay. I liked them better on top of the burger as opposed to the side. Would like to try their sweet potato fries next time.We were also given the Cactus Vanilla milk shake to try. Again very good, I had no complaints, I just wasn't sure I tasted the cactus. I could have and not known it, but it tasted like a regular vanilla milk shake to me. Next time the hubby and I decided will order a vanilla milkshake and a cactus vanilla and compare. Can't go wrong with two milk shakes too.Did I mention they had frosted cold mugs for the beer?So yup, we will go back! Try it, you'll like it!
4	took advantage of an online promo i saw to try a new hamburger they were offering called the sin city burger. i figured it was going to be one of those "extreme" food items that i'd regret getting because it'd be half a foot tall and impossible to eat without wearing it. but i signed on anyway because i had just been talking about the place with some friends who said they loved the place (i had never been). so after getting the confirmation of the promo invite, i brought along the same two friends to get some free grub with me. to say the employees were friendly would be a huge understatement. i don't know if they're always so attentive or if it was just because they knew that a promo was going on but they were on top of their game. and the food was great as well. the hamburger wasn't some huge, obnoxious pile of condiments, meat, and filler between two oversized bun halves but was a really well proportioned sandwich that wasn't a pain in the ass to eat. the smash fries were just kind of ok but the sweet potato fries were pretty awesome. i'll definitely be going back. well, anytime that i'm not worried about my caloric intake for the day that is.
3	decent.  i was going to chipotle, but decided to give it a shot.  i liked the fries.  something just seemed off about the ambiance, but everyone was nice.  worth a try for sure.
2	My husband and I went here today...we have driven by it plenty and always wander into Chipotle instead.  I ordered the BBQ, Bacon, and Cheese burger.  It was delicious.  Great flavor, but it was lukewarm at best.  My sweet potato fries were the same way, well-flavored but almost cold.My husband ordered the Arizona burger and said it wasn't spicy at all...his fries were also COLD.The restaurant itself was kind of a train wreck.  I know it's supposed to be trendy, but Ke$ha at full blast doesn't help an already mediocre experience.  The ice maching was out of ice and there was no silverware. It cost 25 bucks for 2 burgers, 2 fries, and 2 drinks...not EXPENSIVE, but it just didn't feel like we got what we paid for.We will not be returning.
4	Love this place! Hamburgers are so good and you can have them anyway you want. I've never tried them but my husband really enjoys the haystack onions. They're kind of chintzy with the fries but overall I would definitely recommended and I will be returning.
1	Tried for the first time yesterday and all I can say is no need to go back. had the Mushroom Swiss Burger with Smash Fries. Burger was okay, but I've had better (actually much better) for less. Smash Fries  were good, but not enough to equal what I paid for them. One of the other reviewers used the word trendy and that is same term my circle of friends uses in a derogatory sense. Smash Burger wants to be the Starbucks of hamburger joints (you know cool hangout where you pay too much for what you get because you are cool). Loud music, Check, Overpriced food and drink. Check People on laptops/cell phones by themselves acting cool. Check Save your money and your eardrums, go somewhere else.
4	Pretty good. The classic burger is good with the sauce; which is like frudruckers. And the smash fries are good too, but kinda greasy.
2	Went into Smashburger for a late lunch yesterday with my hubby. He had eaten there before but it was my first time there and I was excited by all the fun options to customize your burger. I got a 1/3 pound burger on a chipotle bun with ketchup, mustard, pickle and haystack onions. I also got an order of sweet potato fries and a chocolate shake. The girl taking the order was extremely friendly and offered me a cup for water since my shake would take a while. But it really wasn't long at all before someone brought out our food. Unfortunately they had forgotten the haystack onions on my burger and it took a while to come back after that. While we waited, I took in the ambiance of the place. I know some reviewers criticized it as too trendy but I have to say that I liked the decor. And I also enjoyed the music selection. Given that kind of vibe and the fact that they serve some good bottled beer, this would almost be a place to meet some friends after work. However, instead of that kind of crowd it was mostly middle-aged couples, obviously out on a weekend excursion to the nearby Lowe's, each with 2+ kids in tow. However much I do enjoy trendiness, I think the food is still the most important aspect of a restaurant. And I did not enjoy my burger half as much as I thought I would. I don't mind the fact that it is smashed thin and overcooked - I like them very well done. But it was so greasy, it just really didn't have a good flavor at all. And the chipotle bun tasted like a regular white bread to me, I did not get any spiciness from it at all. I love sweet potato fries but these were inconsistently cooked. Some were burnt and saw were almost raw. The chocolate shake was just ok. Overall, I think I would have preferred the burgers/shakes from Jack in the Box.
4	We only tried chicken burgers, so I can't say much about the actual beef burgers.  My Arizona chicken sandwich was perfect, it had bold spicy flavors with perfectly grilled chicken.  My husband had the buffalo chicken burger, which wasn't as good though.  The chicken patty was overwhelmingly drowned in sauce, which made things soggy.  The fries were excellent.  I like the addition of rosemary to the fries to give a nice subtle flavor.  The shakes were decent, and very rich due to the Haagen Dazs ice cream in them.
1	I am not impressed. I got the mushroom burger and I guess I should have assumed the "smash" part meant that they would squish the patty ... But that takes most of the flavor out! O I was excited for fried pickles but they were really greasy and gross! Also it was damn cold in there...I'll stick with 5 guys
3	I was told that this was the best burger in town and that it rivals Fatburger. It wasn't the greatest, but it wasn't the worst.They had messed up the order with my fiance's order, who is allergic to cheese. The burger itself was good, not great.However, the smash sauce that they use on the burger is DELICIOUS!
4	I admit, I'm still just a "dude" when it comes to eating out for lunch.  When I'm not eating pizza, I'm usually eating hamburgers. The Classic Smashburger is now one of my favorite fast food burgers, and their chocolate milkshake was very good.  There wasn't anything unique about the milkshake, just delicious.  Their sweet potato fries, however, were not crispy and therefore disappointing.  All in all, I was definitely impressed by my first visit to Smashburger, and will try it again soon!
4	Well I have to say I enjoyed the Sin City Smash Burger it was a burger dream. The Sin City Burger - Fried egg, apple wood smoked bacon, American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions and the smash sauce on an egg bun. Plus the smash fries are really good as well. But keep in mind the Sin City Burger was on the menu in Arizona for a limited time so you might not see it on the menu but you can still order it. Plus they have a lot of great craft beer there so aways a plus.
5	Soooooo amazing- I built my own but it was amazing, the onion straws were good and I recommend that sauce on your burger that they serve with the onions..
4	Tried Smashburger for the first time a few weeks ago. I have to say that I really enjoyed it. I ordered the Arizona burger (chipotle mayo, habenero cheese, jalapenos, guac, lettuce, tomato) and sweet potato fries. The burger was spicy which i loved. The burger patty had alot of flavor which was surprising because I always thought that smashing a burger makes the juices and flavor run out. This was not the case. The sweet potato fries were really good and I liked that they put rosemary and oil on those. The sweet potato fries were a great compliment to the spicy burger. The hubby had the mushroom swiss burger with smash fries. He enjoyed both as well. Decor was cool and the service was fine. The only complaint I have is the price. It was 21.00 for my husbands 1/2 pound burger, my 1/3 pound burger, and the two orders of fries. Its actually cheaper to go to Fuddruckers and we get more food from Fuddys as well. I will say though that Smash burger was mighty tasty so I would still go back.
5	Anyone who knows me knows that I was a vegetarian for a long, long time, and even went down the vegan path a time or two.  A roadtrip through Texas destroyed that, however.  Now, I'm back on the meat wagon.  Why does that sound more perverse than I mean it to?  Anyway, this burger joint makes my conversion to the dark side complete.  My partner and I have gone there on several occasions, and it's all been consistently decadent.  Yes, the hamburgers are a bit salty, but isn't that the point?  Aren't you supposed to have a greasy burger after a night of fun?I've had a number of items on their menu--from the fried pickles to the haystack onions to one of their delicious shakes--and nothing has disappointed.  Everything's been made exactly like I'd want it to be and nothing has failed to delight.  Sure, you don't want to eat here every day.  It's meant as a sinful treat, like on your cheat day during your regular healthy eating schedule.  I'd stay on the meat wagon, just to have one of their delicious burgers on an egg bun with sharp cheddar cheese any day!
2	This was definitely a meh experience....although I guess that should have been expected. I built my own burger with a wheat bun, cheddar, lettuce, haystack onion, ketchup and mustard. It was greasy and underwhelming. All I could taste was the mustard.... I think there was too much of it. The BF and I shared some smashfries which were weird tasting.... not really good.... just weird. I was hoping for more garlic flavor. Overall.... it was just a meh experience.
5	Try it you'll like it, I promise!! Smash fries are a must.
3	The food is okay, but the milkshakes are what keep me going back!!!!  The customer service seems to be getting worse every time I go there, which is the reasoning for the three.  Last time I was in there I literally stood in front of the cashier staring at her for about a minute and half while I waited for her to finish telling a story to her friend before taking my order.
5	I have probably been to SmashBurger on a biweekly basis since discovering it.  Can't say enough about how delicious all their options are.  My favorite is the Arizona Burger, by far.  And I love, love, love the Smash sauce.  Sweet potato fries and fried pickles are also pretty tasty.  Check this place out!
4	Ok I have been on a burger hunt for a while. Have tried smash burger twice and found it pretty good, the sweet potato fries moved them from three to four stars. They get extra points for staying open late during movie premier events.
3	I had heard they were spiced just right but for me it was too salty of a burger.  It was also expensive considering a I had a burger, hot dog, fries and a shake.  Not a favorite but wouldn't mind coming again.
4	I don't like this branch, we've been there twice since this location is closer to our house. Their burgers are not really "smashed" and they don't take instructions rightfully. We had ordered the bacon in the burger to be crispy and burnt.No it wasnt. We instructed to set the crispy fried onions aside.They put them together in the bun. I still like the Rural/Baseline location better.Sweet potato fries are suggested.Our last visit I tried one of their salads, it was really good!And...I really initially picked 2 stars but because for the numerous times we've visited Rural and Marketplace locations they give me free smash side for taking the phone survey, hence,they deserve the 4 stars!
4	This was the first time I was here. The staff was nice and offered to help me make my decisions. Of course I was already looking at a burger... I decided on the Arizona burger because it sounded awesome. It was awesome. I loved the fresh jalapenos and the guac. I ordered a drink which seemed expensive considering they gave me a dine in cup. It would not have been had I not inhaled my burger (I was kind of hungry). Anyway I made myself get a refill and sit there while the burger settled. I added the sweet potato fries to my order and they were a complete disappointment. They were greasy and kind of gross. In fact, if the burger wasn't so good I would not rate this as high. I was super unhappy with my fries...
3	Not great but worth revisiting! The grilled chicken sandwich was awesome!
4	Okay, I'll be back.... Nice floor plan, not a lot of hype, tasty and priced right.Pro's: 1/3 # was plenty.  Had the classic just to taste a basic no real frills (I.e. extraneous flavors) burger.  Burger was flavorful and the cheese was a little too much, but that's just me.   Bun was pretty good but did have some bun-failure toward the end of mowing down the burg..   Nice presentation of burger and frys (I.e. not in cheap plastic trays) in wire serving trays. Con's: dagnabit, the frys were nothing special.  I had the "fancy" frys (tossed in rosemary and olive oil), no big deal, actually disappointing.  I enjoyed the meal and will be back when I have a craving for cow.   Still have to give Lobby's a second chance (first round goes to Smashburger....no hype on special sauce, good burger - a draw between the two... But like the decor and presentation on SB...
1	This place sucks. I have no idea why they seemed to be fairly busy when we were there on a Sunday afternoon.. the only feasible option being every person in there was either hungover or still drunk from the night before and needed something bland and greasy to coat their stomachs.First of all, they don't offer a veggie burger. ..Seriously? Yet their menu online states they do. SO basically if you're vegetarian you can get something somewhat resembling a grilled cheese; or they'll offer to put a runny fried egg on top- appetite whetted? Note to the veg*ns: Not worth your time.The boyfriend got the biggest burger possible and was thoroughly disappointed in everything on it. Somehow it was piled high with seemingly interesting ingredients yet he swore up and down it was less than lackluster, no taste at all. He also got their haagan dazs chocolate shake and it had only the slightest hint of a chocolate taste and was runny. Runny. Haagan Dazs, Shake. Doesn't make sense, right?The bread is super gross and gets soggy. The only semi-redeeming item(s) are the fried pickles and flash-fried asparagus. But honestly, how can you muck that up?Waste of money! Bring your business somewhere local.
4	Great burgers! Way better than some other burger places in tow, in my opinion. Not too greasy, perfect portions and decently priced. They have enough options to get what you want, but not too many to make your decision like seem like you are contemplating adoption. There Smash burger is great, and if you add on their Smash fries you will be in heaven! (smash fries - reg fries with rosemary olive oil and garlic) They are pretty quick too, so if you have a limited time for lunch this is a good option. They also have some great options for the little ones and a few other things to try other than burgers; veggie burgers and hot dogs.
4	Ohhhh YESS. REALLY RAD... Cuz omg I can get.. THE ARIZONA BURGER which is the perfect level of SPICY YUM, a CHILI dog that's actually REALLY GOOD TOO (hard to come by) and if I want to go full hog, AWESOME FRIES. The staff and service are stellar, and the food is just wowww. The choice of buns, burgers, sizes etc is all really great, and the freshness factor is second to none. Great for a chain. Woo!
4	First experience at this location was positive. Service was good and the burger was above average. It's a good overall value for what you get here. I have a few small complaints. When I visited the website prior to going, the pictures of the burgers all showed fresh sliced avocados.  When I ordered my burger, it cam with a ice cream type round scoop that was mixed like guacamole.  It was still good and fresh but not what I expected. I will go back again.
4	The classic burger is one of best burgers I've ever had on the fast food spectrum. Their smashfries were awesome and those haystack onion ringlettes were stellar! Definitely hitting this place up whenever I'm in town!
4	This place has the BEST burgers done fast I've ever had. Not sure how anyone could say different. The burgers are incredible! The fries are ok, nothing to brag about, but not awful. The onion straws are great. But for burgers alone, done quick, they are top notch! Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that the fries are lackluster. Burgers get a 5 star rating everytime, and my wife agrees. Been here ten times or so, never been disappointed. Not sure about the "ambiance", it's a burger place. But you can eat there and order beer.
4	Food- 4 stars, burgers are good, smash fries are great as well.  Service gets 1 star... been here several times and the service is always terrible.  Don't come if you are in a hurry or if you can't stand repeating yourself multiple times.
2	The first time I ever went to Smashburger was here... The girl working the cash register was extremely nice and helpful, but it took awhile to get our food (not that many people were there) and the food was mediocre. Probably will not go back.
4	Really great burgers...I would hope so with a name like Smashburger. This location is really good, so it gets busy at lunch time. Waiting is a bit of a pain, but it's typically not too long. The food takes a few minutes too, which is a positive in my book. The food here feels a lot fresher and better than fast food, though if you've seen their burgers, it's not a place that's super healthy.They also offer chicken sandwiches (crispy or grilled), and salads, so there are some healthier options, but the winners here are the burgers and fries. Definitely try the smash fries. Tossed in olive oil, garlic and rosemary, they are delicious. Burgers are really good and juicy, and the ingredients they use seem fresh.Cons are the long lines, and it's also not a place where you'll be in and out in 15 minutes. It's also not inexpensive. A burger, fries and a drink will run you $10-11, which seems high for "fast food", though I think it's worth it. What's nice though, is that you sit down with your number and they bring you your food, and they'll bus your table, so it feels like a combo of fast and full service...I suppose this is a perfect example of "fast casual". It's pretty close to my office, so I'll be back often. Definitely worth a try if you're in the area and craving a burger.
2	Oh Smashburger how I loath thee!  I work fairly close to this location and the second I hear someone request Smashburger for lunch I cringe!  Why, you ask?  A lunch hour consist of 60 minutes which is nearly impossible to make at smashburger.  We always order food to go.  They always say there is a 5-7 minute wait which really ends up being AT LEAST 25 minutes.  You stand in a crowded little area waiting for your food with everyone staring at their watches or cell phones grumbling about how this is the last time they are coming here. However; you do get to watch the circus act that is the staff running around like a chicken with their head cut off.   That place is a revolving door.  There are new people everyday!This place seems to be poorly designed.  I am a frequent visitor at popular restaurants I can handle the wait.. but to me ... burgers are something I go for when I need food quickly.  Now on to the food.  I usually order a chicken avocado club.  I cannot handle all the grease on their burgers.  That sandwich typically is good if someone decides to cook the bacon thoroughly.  The fries however.... well, let's just say I just got done cleaning off my desk because of the pools of grease.  Like I get it guys in the kitchen you are busy but man... it's like I ordered a cup of grease easy on the fries...  Needless to say I couldn't eat it.I prefer Lobby's Burgers or Five Guys over Smashburger just because of the service alone.
1	guaranteed to screw up your order
2	Great service!!! Friendly staff    : :) food bit pricey not that filling, o burger not cooked correctly, dont know what the hype is!! I rather go the Habiat Burger!
3	Very friendly staff. Nice atmosphere. They advertise 100% Angus beef, which no doubt it is, but the burgers are out of balance. The taste of the beef is lost due to too many other flavors in the burgers. Sweet potato fries are excellent. Best choice would be a beer and the sweet potato fries.
5	i absolutely love love love this place the mushroom burger is to die for!
5	Any time the boyfriend and I can't think of what we want to eat, we can usually agree on Smashburger.  This location is close to our apartment and hasn't failed us yet.  The burgers and fries are awesome, but honestly, we usually tend to lean towards the chicken sandwiches.  The grilled chicken is good, but being a southern girl, I can't resist the fried filet.  And the fried pickles!  If you've never tried these gems, you need to!  They're cheap (only $2.95 if memory serves) and they are amazing, especially with ranch to dip.  The staff is always friendly and the food always comes out quick and hot.  I've seen a lot of complaints about people waiting a long time for food, but in all the times we've gone, this has never been an issue.  Perhaps people don't understand that when there's a line to the door, you aren't the only person they're cooking for.  Anyway, if you're in the mood for a good, cheap burger, skip Burger King and hit up Smashburger.
4	We've always had a great experience at this burger joint.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The burgers are some of the best around - I think that most of the people who are complaining about greasy burgers are mistaking the juiciness of the burger with grease.  These are juicy, drippy burgers....Yum!  We've never been disappointed.  The kids love this place.  The only downside that I will definitely agree on is that for a restaurant of this caliber, the prices are a bit higher than some places.  That being said, most restaurants are raising prices and will probably continue to do so.  MUCH better than The Habit, but the tradeoff is that SmashBurger is also more expensive.  I recently scored a deal on DealChicken which was $12 for $24 dollars worth of food.  Keep your eyes open for coupons and offers on Groupon and DealChicken!Contrary to what most people said, we have NEVER waited in line and have always received immediate service.  We have only eaten in, never take out.  That being said, we've aways gone in the evening for dinner and not for lunch.
4	Good burgers.  Good price.
2	I've heard a lot of good things about this place but I've got to admit I don't get it.  I ordered the mushroom Swiss burger and sweet potato fries and the burger was lacking in flavor and was extremely greasy  and same thing with the fries. This will my last visit here. For my money I would much rather go to Habit Burger.
4	2nd to In-N-Out this is my favorite chain burger joint. The burgers are great, sweet potato fries & fried pickles are amazing, and they are one of very few fast food places that offer alcoholic beverages. The line moves quickly but seating is limited so be prepared to take your meal to go. Prices are a bit high, and there can sometimes be a wait to get your food which increases the risk of items not being as fresh or even arriving cold. Overall, worth going back again & again.
5	It's going on two years since my original review of this Smashburger, so here goes a little Update:Everything is still great here, so I would refer you back to my original review.  It's still the same except that the menu has expanded significantly & they now serve beer!  With or without the new items, this is my favorite hamburger (& Malt) place in the whole world!!     :-))Today's feast was an Arizona Big Smash ($6.99), Fries ($1.99), & a Chocolate Malt ($3.99) = $12.97.Ok, it's a little pricey, but WOOHOO, do they ever deliver a great meal!     :-))
3	Smashburger is right down the street from my apartment and I've been wanting to try it for some time. I got the BBQ, bacon, and cheese burger with Smash fries and it was great. The buns were my favorite, they are really soft and not squished at all. There was a fried onion on top and that added the best type of crunch on top that juicy, juicy burger. I was told their fries were the best and I did enjoy them. Although I've had better, they're still worth getting.My rommate got a hot dog and I took a bite and was amazed at how moist the bun was. It was a poppyseed bun and the dog was split whcih gave it an even juicier flavor.
4	I thought this place was good  The burger was tasty and the fries (think McDonald's) were okay too.  I did like how friendly the staff was and the simplicity of the menu.  This chain is better than fast food burger places.This restaurant is modern and clean, and that is always a plus.
2	I've been interested in trying this place for a while but the pricey reputation kept me away.  Finally I gave it a try.What you get for $11.  A drink, a 5oz burger, and a fries.  Worth it?  Of course not.Burger is okay, not great but not bad.  In n Out level?  No.  As good as Lobby's up the street?  Hell no.  The 5oz burger for $6 is almost insulting.  The bun is much too large for the amount of meat, the burger almost gets lost in there.  It is called a burger, please make it the main ingredient.  I got the Arizona burger and everything on it was good, but due to the small burger it kind of overwhelmed it.    I got the Smash fries which have rosemary and olive oil.  They were not good at all.  Very very greasy.  Not sure why you add oil back on to something that was just fried in oil.  Maybe the regular fries aren't as oily.This is in the same category as Habit Burger.  Worth trying once, completely overpriced, very confused at how they grew beyond one location.  The friendly staff is the best part of the place but I can spend $5 at In n out for better fries, and a better burger all while sitting in my car.  Why pay double for something not as good?  Exactly.
4	I really like how clean and friendly it is at the Smashburger.I didn't care much for the burger itself but the fixings were good.  Shoestring fries aren't my favorite either, it's like you have to eat a mouth full to taste some potato, gimmie some big ol steak fries!  I had a really great conversation with one of my professors here so that made my meal stellar!
4	This place is a good location,but during lunch you have to park far away because, it is a little crazy. That is OK because,you need to walk after all those Calories right.  The staff is friendly and very helpful. Since I had never been before they explained everything very nicely.The menu is quite large for a burger joint. I got the Mushroom Burger sin mayo. It was very good. The fries are so so.Next time I will try the Sweet potato fries or the Smashfries. They look interesting.Prices are not too bad at all and the place is very clean. Which is very good!In reading the menu I see you can even build your own Burger.Choosing your own type of Bun as well. It only took 10 min to get my items to go! I thought that was pretty good as the place was packed and they make it all from Scratch.I have driven by it 100's of time,so now I am glad that I finally stopped to check it out.
2	I dont like to give out bad reviews, but im coming from the perspective of wanting something thats pretty simple to make. I wanted a protein style burger. I paid over $7 for some beef sitting on lettuce! C'mon guys. In-N-Out makes the damn thing for like $3, and it is at least made with some decency. Step it up
2	Being a Vegas resident I have heard a ton of positive about SmashBurger.  Before I continue this review, I need to throw out the disclaimer that I have difficulty ripping friendly people.  SmashBurger was very friendly.Experience starts by walking into an utterly confusing design with no one behind the counter, no one to be found.  I stare at the menu plastered above the cash register for 3 whole minutes before the girl working the counter arrives. I have no idea that everything is a la carte, I am college educated, and  I am betting this is not a reflection of my intelligence.The girl working the counter (no name tag) is incredibly friendly, and apparently quite stressed over the very limited supply of customers in the restaurant.  I order "The Classic Combo" and am quickly informed that no such item exists in SmashBurger.  Obviously the girl working here has limited fast food experience because she proceeds to ask me item by item what I want.  We narrow it down, after some discussion, to a hamburger, fries, a drink.  Add chili.. what the hell.  I just drove 309 miles, lets splurge!!  Price is circa $10.50.  A bit stiff, but hey if the food is good, no biggy...I get a plastic cup (noteworthy because this is the machine washable style, not the to go style) then take my seat at a table covered in filth.  This is the cleanest table I could find, however.  I am certainly not ADD, but I made 3 trips to the soda dispenser to wet napkins with water to wipe down the table.  I am being watched by employees the entire time.Food arrives:  Burger looks pretty friggen awesome!  Chili is in a cup, coated in cheese.  No fries.  Long story short, she did not add fries to my order, extra $2.18.  Meal grand total now circa $13.  A bit high for a hamburger.  You aren't Ruth Chris.  After more discussion, I get fries ordered, they show up about 5 minutes later. The food:Chili:  I love chili.  It will be the death of me.  This chili was very watery (I know, I should not have eaten it.  Everything in the last paragraph is my fault) and as the copious amounts of cheese melted it became very greasy.  I added a spoonful of chili to my hamburger and sampled the chili a few times until I realized my GI tract was preparing for war with me.Hamburger: Excellent flavor.  Good job here.  Hard to mess this up, however, and not worth $10.  With the fluid drained chili that I put on it, it was pretty solid.  I may actually crave this item.Better late than never French Fries:  Stiff, stale, no flavor.  I tried to dip them in chili for flavor, but it was watery to the point that they only came out brown, no real meat to them.  Doused in ketchup and salt, slightly tolerable.  Will not take this add on next time.Service:  Very friendly.  The flighty girl working the counter was also apparently the server and expeditor.  Maybe they were short staffed today.  If not, horrible business plan.  When she is trying to get food out and to tables, people ordering are waiting. Likewise, when I can clearly see my food is ready and I am starving, I am waiting for an indecisive idiot to order.  This DOES NOT WORK!  Will I be back?  Probably not.  Do I hate them and would I steer you away?  Not really.  They have decent food but....  they lack value and need operational help.  In the end, the only thing SmashBurger smashed was my colon.  My fault for eating the chili!
1	We ordered 4 meals and they screwed up all but one. Two Buffalo chicken Sandwiches - no blue cheese on either and  one had no buffalo sauce. They missed one fry. Didn't put avocado on the avocado burger ( isn't that the point?) AND it was cold and out office is a short drive from the location. They did manage to do the AZ Cobb salad right but that was about it. I bet Burger King would've been better!!! Called and PEDRO the manager said he will give us the same order and supervise - stay tuned
5	My dad drives all the way from Tucson to get a burger here. Also there is something to be said for a place that doesn't mind special request orders instead of " a number five please." I love it!!!
5	My first time at this place. Walked in the door and was immediately greeted with a clean, surprisingly spacious restaurant. Since I mentioned it was my first time here, the very helpful attendant gave me a brief tour of the menu and gave me some of his personal recommendations.  One of which was the "classic".  I also ordered the "Smashfries", and a chocolate milkshake.  It was served quite quickly despite how busy it was, and the server was very polite.Then, the moment of truth, I bit into the burger and... All I can say, indescribably good.  Think In-N-Out, but with a better bun and less grease. Very, very tasty.  The fries, just wow. Thoroughly flavored with rosemary and garlic, but a little heavy on the olive oil.  They were absolutely delicious nonetheless.  The shake. Oh. My. Gosh.  The shake was rich and creamy. Perfect consistency!My one and only complaint:  it is a teeny bit pricey.  I probably won't be a frequent customer due to that fact.  But if I ever want to treat myself, I will definitely drop in!
1	Very dissatisfied with the customer service...I frequently eat at smash burger and every time I order half regular fries half sweet potato fries and it has never been a problem. Today on the other hand, the manager explained that it was difficult to be done and tried giving me a lecture. It made me feel as if I were an inconvienence.  IT'S ALL ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICE, an additional amount if necessary would of been fine. I WILL NEVER GO BACK and speak all negative things when asked. Smash Burger, I expect a response if you would like to rectify this situation and have a good patron return.
4	Finally tried a beef burger vs. a chicken burger here.  The meat was nicely cooked, juicy, with good flavor.  I had it Arizona style with freshly sliced jalapenos, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion and habanero cheese.  The jalapenos were arranged in a neat cross design (See picture, they must have been feeling creative that day!).  Service was fast and friendly.  I did like the beef burger, but I'm still a bigger fan of the chicken burgers!
5	As mentioned before - excellent food portions (received ample toppings on my Smashchicken Avocado Club and Arizona Smashburger) and great customer service!
3	Unique tasting food.  I've had the Arizona, both the chicken sandwich, and the hamburger.  Last trip I ordered the fried pickles, interesting, but probably would not order them again.  There's a bid deal about their Smashfries, but I did not like them.The place is small and crowded because it is popular.  The decor is modern-minimalist.The do need to have a bigger shop, it seems too small for the amount of business
5	So good! The staff is very attentive and courteous. They bring you the food to the table, and they clean after you. The burgers are very good, the meat tastes fresh. I can only eat 1.5 burgers. I recommend the Avocado Burger.Tip: Until 3/31/2013 there's a buy one get one free burger coupon online. Great deal!
2	I've eaten here a couple of times, and the food is good. I'd give the food 4 stars, but the wait for your food is way too long. I did a take out order the last time I was there, and it took 22 minutes for them to get me two chicken sandwiches and two french fries. 22 minutes! And this was on a week night after 7pm! That is a really long time to make someone wait for such a small amount of food. I do love their smash fries and the grilled chicken club sandwiches, but I'm not sure if I would want to go there again and have to wait that long. I'm also not a fan of how pricey they are.
4	I finally tried Smashburger the other night. I got the original smash, but I am not a huge fan of the sauce. I'm a ketchup kind-of-girl, so good thing I got the sauce on the side. I will probably try a chicken sandwich next time, but I thought I'd go traditional for my first time. I caved in and also got the mint shake and um yes it was SO worth it! Delish!
4	Very high quality and very fresh for fast food. Their Arizona burger is fantastic with habenero cheese and jalapenos. I also like the way they season the smash fries with sea salt, rosemary and olive oil.
4	Hed been putting off this day for years now . . . with a name like "Smash Burger" I was expecting a thin dried out burger . . . boy was I wrong.Had the mushroom and swiss smash burger and it was hot, juicy and oozing with flavor . . . a 6 napkin burger . . . the only thing better would be if I could make it a double . . . them I would be in hamburger heaven.Now you may ask . . . if it was so great . . . why only four stars.  Well, the friers were being serviced so no "Smash Fries" that I had heard about.  But if the burger alone get this place four stars . . . I would be willing to bett the fries would push it up to five stars.I return trip is definitely in the near future . . .
4	What a great fast food burger. I had the Arizona.  Little more pricey than you'd think but the shakes here are delicious. Never understood why they give you the giant extra metal cup with the rest of your shake in it, when they could just give you your shake in bigger glass. Either way I'll be back.
3	It is not often I give this high a rating to a corporate chain place. This place is good though, they immediately recognized that we had no idea what to do and walked us through the who order process.Food, BBQ bacon and cheddar burger, smash fries and a side salad; came out quick and were tasty. Side salad had actual greens on it!! Wow, most burger joints just throw iceberg on a plate and assume you are annoying for ordering salad.I wasn't super happy with the kid's straws (straws cut in half, which ruins the illusion of sterility completely) and the bathroom was a mess (despite the sign claiming the importance of a clean bathroom). I'll check it out again if I am running errands and hungry, as I was today.
5	Okay . . . I returned to see if the Smash Fires would bump the stars up to Five . . . Had the Sweet Potato Smash Fries . . . AND . . . they did it.Just for the record . . . I did have the Mushroom Swiss Smash Burger again . . . and it was just like the first.I will definitely be back.
3	Fun environment! I love the way this restaurant runs. Fast casual dining style. I love sweet potato fries and there's are quiet delicious. I normally get a Chicken sandwich sans bread, lettuce wrapped instead with tomato, avocado and bacon! My kids always split a chocolate shake and go crazy when it comes out. A fun place for sure for a quick bite and way better quality than standard fast food.
3	I've been to one other SmashBurger - near 24th Street & Baseline - so this is my second visit to this chain.  The negatives.The setup of this particular  location is terrible.  The entrance and exits are completely out of whack.  Get rid of the wall that is directly in front of the door when you enter, please!!   The place needs to be redesigned, excepting the back half of the restaurant is  not changeable by any restaurant standards, it's narrow, dark and not a good eating atmosphere.  If nothing else, they need to change the lighting in the place and give it a MUCH different ambiance.  But let's get past that and get to the food (still, the setup of a restaurant can greatly increase or decrease your appetite and your enjoyment of the food you are eating). Burgers and fries, they go hand in hand. You don't really have one without the other.So, the fries are also pretty bad.  Unbelievably greasy.  To the point the grease drips off the fries and into the bottom of the cup they are served in and pooling.  Fingers covered with grease.  The fries are skinny and short. I don't mind the skinny part, I do mind the short part.  Hard to dip into ketchup.  I was in the semi trying to just eat the fries and constantly using a napkin to get the grease off of my fingers.  I ordered an Arizona burger. Now I'm going into the positive mode. That thing was awesome.  I don't know what kind of bun that is, but it's very good.  The burger was a perfect blend of various ingredients and it was delicious.  If the burger hadn't been as  good as it is, I would have given this place a 2 star rating.  I did have them add grilled onions to mine, but even without them it still would have been a very good burger.  That's it.  This location has great burgers.
3	This place has been here for awhile now. But,  I have never been overly impressed with them.Friends wanted me to give them another try, they think they are good.The fries seem like they would be good. However, after you eat a few, you are just done with them. Your tatse buds are saying eeee, that is enough.However, I did like the burger that I got, it was nice and hot when I got it as well.The Truffle Mushroom Burger was my choice today, though I did not get the mayo on it . I do not like Mayo for any reason.High price, not too bad , but still not my favorite.
3	I'm a fan of hamburgers. But something about this place falls short. I can't quite put my finger on it. The beef is fresh but rare usually ends up being more medium which I am sure is for liability reasons. The rosemary fries are good, but not life changing like the girl tried to tell me. The ice cream shakes are great if you're not counting calories.
4	Their cheeseburgers taste pretty fresh, but I'm mostly a fan of their "Smashfries," that have a dash of herb seasoning and olive oil. Great place for lunch!
5	love the smash fries with extra smash (garlic and rosemary)!! Burgers are delish :)
2	I'm a huge Smashburger fan, my frequented stores located at Norterra and Desert Ridge. This location SUCKS.I went for lunch with someone who has never had Smashburger before. I wish I had been paying attention when he ordered because he ended up getting a pretty plain burger, no fixins. He said he assumed they came with lettuce, tomato, etc. and that the girl at the register did not ask what he wanted on it.Second problem, the ice was being filled in the beverage dispenser and some genius employee unplugged the machine first and decided to not tell anyone, not even the girl filling the ice! Several customers asked staff what was up with the drinks, but nobody investigated the problem until I made sure someone understood, "The beverage machine does not seem to be ON." Took a lot of head-scratching before Mr. Genius came out and said, "Oh! I unplugged it! Haha...". This whole fiasco led to about 20 customers needing drinks all at the same time.THIRD and possibly the most inexcusable problem. My fries... were SWIMMING in oil. I was able to eat most of them, but there were quite a few that were inedible. I will post a picture. It was really gross. You can clearly see the oil slick on the fries, what's harder to see is the POOL underneath them, but it was definitely there. What kind of half-assed, lazy fry-cook allows this to happen? I really wanted to complain about this, but given that it was A. very busy and B. low-caliber employees I'd have to deal with, I figured it was just not worth the hassle. Avoid this location, especially if introducing someone new to Smashburger.
4	First time here and came during the lunch crazy with some work folks.  I have to say it was a very good burger.  I ordered the Avocado Cobb burger & added pickles & grilled onions.  The burger was super JUICY (messy burger alert - have MANY napkins handy) and had good flavor.  I had the smash fries with it which are super thin fries with seasoning on them - pretty good.  I sat inside to eat and went to use the ladies room before diving into the burger.  There was no paper towels to dry my hands so I informed the gentleman who was working the service window and he sent someone to rectify the situation right away.  While I was eating, the same gentleman came around to every table and asked if we needed anything & to see if things were ok with our food.  Super customer service for a small chain burger joint.  Their menu has salads and other types of burgers with "free" toppings like pickles, onions, etc. Stop in but be sure to have the napkins handy!
3	I am not a huge fan of fast food (or at least that is what people are supposed to say) but sometimes poor planning prevents a situation where one need to eat something quickly. I try to choose a place I have never tried before. This time, it was Smashburger. It is not as quick as your more common fast food places. Not at all. But I like the menu-alternatives alot once I stepped inside the doors.I had the Smashburger. It was really good. It was dripping of all sorts of juices, and made it harder to eat - but the burger was good. Still just a burger, but for a burger it was tasty. I also had the smashfries (hints of garlic and rosemary) and they are thin, crispy and delicious.The service are very polite, but they aren't very fast - but then again they are very polite. I take curtisy over speed any day.
3	FRIED PICKLES.I don't know why this is a secret, but Smashburger has fried pickles and I enjoyed them very much. PSA overThe food was great as usual, but the wait was horrendous. There was a line the whole time we were there but the restaurant wasn't full. It took us about 30-40 minutes from getting in line and then sitting and waiting for us to get our food. Luckily there were no issues when it arrived, but we were really hungry :(It seemed like they were very short staff, sometimes there would be no one taking orders because someone would have to run to the back to help deliver food. I will probably give them another try but based on other locations I've been to, the service was not up to par.
1	Slow and had to go get the manager to expedite our order that was sitting in the window "to go" even they gave me a table number sign. Lost is all can say. I guess blame it on the rain.
3	Not so smashing.I mean, it was OKAY, but I wasn't wowed.  There's a lot of places around that do burgers, fries and a drink--this one isn't in the upper tier.  Another reviewer here remarked that In 'N' Out tastes better and has a better price--I find this to be an accurate assessment.Not much more I can say--it was just. . .OKAY.  With spots like Lobby's, Tom's and Ted's around, Smashburger can't compete.  If I'm going to spend money on burgers, my wife and I don't want okay, we want GREAT.  This spot isn't on the burger rotation for this reason.
1	I have never eaten at Smash Burger. I tried today. The lot was crowded but I found a spot. I walked in. I was immediately stopped by some smiling employee, I thought, huh that's a nice touch.... greeter. He quickly said, "Sir we are experiencing a 35 minute wait at this time, we got rocked." Huh. I have had SURGERIES that were shorter than that! Thanks for warning me. But don't think I will bother to come back.
2	I used to love smashburger. And I mean REALLY loved it. but today, I went, and my burger was dry... which is weird. and then, I found a HAIR in my meat. ugh. I had ate most the burger so when I called the manager over he offered to remake it but I didn't want to waste it, so he gave me more fries and a 5$ gift certificate. I will probably give it to a coworker. I just cant do smashburger anymore. :(
4	The peeps there are great!!! The food is great!!! The feel of corp sucks which is why 4 not 5 stars. I filled out survey and that's why. Corps always outta touch...always! Same here. But, the peeps at this location feel like home, the food feels like home...not idea about the music playing which they asked in survey. Richard Dawson...I don't care what the survey says...Running Man...I'll take RD on any day. Local food taste, local peeps. They make this work. Corp stuff is easy to ignore. Hope they don't corrupt it.
2	We called an order in for take out. I was asked to hold while the in-store customers were handled. The food was cold and sloppy. The buns were soggy from the condiments and assembled half heartedly. We were disappointed
1	Smash was good the first few times but this location is lacking.  My first bad experience here was when I called in to place an order and the guy taking my order gave me a real hard time.  I asked for a smash burger with cheese no ketchup or smash sauce he acted stupid like he couldn't figure out which burger I was ordering s aid they are all smash burgers and I said wow dude I don't know nobody has ever given me a hard time about this.  He was a jerk so we decided to go to another location instead of enduring more drama funny thing is the other place knew what I was ordering and they didn't give me a hard time.  It's been a while so we went in today got haystack onions that were drowning in puddle of grease and hamburgers also very greasy.  Husband said this was the worst it's ever been.  Looks like it's time to give smash a rest.
5	Hits the spot every damn time. No worries no complains. I love their burger. Wife approves it, kids also approves it. Def goin back for the 3rd time.
3	Smash is probably my go-to when I feel like a burger but don't want a drive-thru, fast foody burger - plus it's close by.Eat in quality is usually pretty good, take out is hit or miss. Last time my burger looked like someone sat on it a few times.Had they kept the crispy chicken around, they'd have got another star.
5	Wow, it's been a year and a half since my last visit to this Smashburger location.  That's too long!  Yes, this fast casual outfit is little pricey, but they really BRING IT!  Today, as always, it was great service, great dining room (with little niceties such as REAL SILVERWARE!), terrific burgers and fries, as well as possibly the best Chocolate Malts in the Valley.  I SO LOVE SMASHBURGER, and especially the dining room layout at this particular location.     :-))Arizona Smashburger $5.99, Regular (Shoestring) Fries $1.99, Chocolate Malt $3.99.  (No price increases since last time.)
2	I heard this place was awesome so we went - my whole family.  We get there and I am pleased with the base prices.  However I soon discovered that the more you add price skyrockets.  My husband and I order two salads, two plain cheeseburgers two shakes, a kids meal and two drinks... $50!!  Then they mess up the order and honestly the food was not that great.  Plenty of other burger joints in town I can feed my family on for a lot less money and way better quality.  Won't be going back....
3	Was pretty decent. Got the truffle and swiss burger.. Was not as good as the one I recently had at Aioli burger (food truck). Also fries were nothing special. Better than fast food but not much
1	Let me tell you, I've heard some good things about this place but my first experience and probably last experience was not what I had expected!! First off, I couldn't even finish my overpriced burger because it was making my stomach turn. The terrible shoe-stringed fries didn't help either. Oh yeah and the iced tea tasted very watered down and gross. The bathrooms were not cleaned whatsoever, there was toilet paper and paper towels all over the place, and the toilet seat top itself wasn't even on. Bottom line....take my advice and go to IN N OUT burger instead. Better food, happier wallet.
2	I'm a huge smashburger fan, but this location lacks customer service. I'm a picky eater (sorry not sorry) so I have a few items I don't want on my burger. The lady was in such a rush she screwed up both mine and my husband's order. Their set up is awkward as far as how you get back to the counter to handle any issues with your burger. It's almost as if you are blocked from doing so. Anyway, when my burger is made right I LOVE how smashburger does it. I just think this particular location could use some help. I highly recommend the smash fries - YUM!
4	The burger itself was pretty good and tender, and we had two different types of fries with them, both were good, I had the Rosemary ones, and wife had the Sweet Potato one, while I love potatoes, but not sweet potatoes these things are starting to make me like Sweet potatoes!Since they had Coke products and I refuse to drink Coke, went with a Root Beer, and that was pretty good.The service was pretty friendly and prompt, I would have no problems returning here!
3	This place is good but it doesn't deserve the one $ rating. A meal can become easily $10. That's all. But it is very good.
2	Fries are good. The seating is narrow and cramped.  Don't bring a large group.  You won't have room to eat. The seats are almost upright and uncomfortable to sit in for more than 5 minutes.
5	Consistently amazing. Consistently tasty. Best thing in the house? The Arizona burger. Fresh guacamole, fresh jalapenos and the most amazing chipotle sauce I've ever had on a burger.Do you want a good burger? Come here. No place better in Phoneix.
5	Its Smashburger so the food is always great here. The food came out like order. The staff was friendly and they listened well.  They checked up on us often to make sure the food was good and if we needed anything.  Overall it was a nice dining experience for lunch.
