4	Great new Mexican restaurant just off the strip.  Nice atmosphere, great music, drinks with a variety of authentic dishes at the right prices... They even have breakfast. ..Pozole and albondigas.   I did not try it but they have an authentic grasshopper appetizer dish...... Maybe after a few glasses of sangria!!  Seems like a great place to hang out after work.
5	If you blink, you may miss it but some of the sweetest finds are hidden! Once you find it...congratulations you have found the best Mexican food in Vegas! The decor is very rustic/sexy/sheik. Mexico meets Vegas! Great place to unwind, grab some amazing food and try a few tequilas (they have 100 choices). I came from Texas where you have authentic Mexican food served everywhere but here in Vegas, there was nada till now. It started with the chips and salsa. I know that's small stuff but you can see and taste the attention to detail right from the start. Beware of the red salsa, I'm just saying. They also serve fresh made juices! Such a unique and wonderful addition to an already amazing menu. Taquitos, queso fundido and shrimp tacos are the tasty dishes I tried. If I wasn't as full as I was I wouldn't have stopped there. How could I forget table side guacamole! I'm dying to go back and try this shrimp with cilantro cream sauce dish that made my mouth water. They use all non-GMO products and hormone free meat which I so appreciate since my new obsession with food documentaries on netflix. Their menu is delightful for offering such healthy options. I'm so impressed by this place that I am already anticipating my next visit. Please go try El Dorado Cantina Yelpers, it's a foodie's paradise!
4	This place is stellar Mexican food.  So far I have yet to find a great Mexican spot, but this might be it.  I have had several dishes off of the menu which were all tasty.       However the garlic shrimp was bomb, I love the beans here also.  I had the fried chicken I forgot the name, it was good however if it came with sauce it would be better so I added there chipotle cream which made it right.  Taquitos and imperial shrimp apps are delicious.  You have to order the lemonade agua fresco, so bomb I had about 5 glasses.  I'm not a big Sangria drinker but even that was tasty. Desert the churros are so good, they come with a little cream filling and a banana foster sauce to dip them in.  Flan has a cheesecake like consistency which I like, because I don't care for traditional Flan and the eggy taste.  I will definitely go back. So many good dishes and Chef Paco can custom make dishes to your taste.      Some dishes are $25 and I think they could be a little cheaper however on average dishes are $10-$17. Its good for groups and even coming in by yourself has a nice open layout and friendly staff.  If you come to Vegas for Mexican food near the strip or just good flavors, try it.
5	We came here for a birthday and got the royal treatment.  Amazing atmosphere and incredible no hormone no antibiotic authentic Mexican cuisine.  I'm a freak about eating hormones and a vegetarian but they catered to my every need!  Super impressed and will be a regular!  Open 24 hours and with my crazy schedule will for sure be a staple in my diet!!
5	Moving to Vegas and finding a great Mexican food place has been impossible, until I ate at El Dorado. Their food is delicious, I can't get enough of their taquitos (they come in both chicken and beef). I'm a die hard salsa fan and they have the best variety including a ghost pepper salsa that is amazing mixed with the Guac. Mexican places always have the same desserts but El Dorado has some really unique and bomb desserts. Great drink menu as well! Service is amazing, staff is welcoming and are very attentive. Decore is sleek and quite modern. Over all, sweet spot and best Mexican food!
5	We came for our anniversary and were glad we did. Service was extremely attentive, from the adorable hostess who showed us to our table, our very professional and personable waiter Roman, and the chef who made the amazing salsas and delicious entrees. We loved all of the salsas, very flavorful, hard to pick a favorite!  We had the4 carne asada street tacos and the mahimahi tacos, so delicious. also loved the rice. everything is very very fresh tasting, not greasy or heavy. Tried both sangrias and loved them both. we plan to go back soon to explore the menu further.
5	Authentic real mexican food! No cans, organic veggies , no hormones and  steroid free meats , everything is fresh made, refreshing margaritas and amazing flavorful  desserts !
5	If you like Mexican food,  you will love this place...  everything there looks good...  eveything!   Great job guys...  The food and service was excellent
5	El Dorado Cantina is an amazing restaurant! It's located right next door to Sapphire, in the same parking lot. Great customer service, beautiful inside and delicious food from appetizers to dessert. The imperial shrimp appetizer is a MUST HAVE! ALL food is organic and GMO free. They also have fresh sangria and fresh aqua frescas. So delicious, I can't wait to go back! :)))
5	Awesome food, lots of choices, each dish even better than the other!  Happy hour street tacos $1. Really nice looking inside with more than fair prices. Will be back, especially for late night dining!
5	I was last week with two friends. From the moment we crossed the door people was always super friendly and smiling. Good impression! Service was impeccable and food excellent! I ordered Tacos Carnita and was delicious! We all shared our food so I tasted a bit of everything. Manager Matt came to the table to ask many time how was everything and even Paco (Chef) explained the desserts we ordered. As I told them I hope they keep fresh food and the good service.
5	5 stars for Mexican food really? Oh yes this place is honestly that good! Started with chips and 3 types of house made salsa, the habanero was my favorite.  I had the Cilantro Garlic Shrimp and my husband Chile Verede con Nopales , both dish's were wonderful and my husband noted that the cactus was fresh not caned Service was excellent and Chef Paco even checked on us twice! The Cantina is very nice inside however it is attached to Sapphire's, little awkward for me but I will definitely return.
5	We were out of towers and wanted Mexican food. This place is AWESOME! Great food and great service! They tended to our big group of 7 with great attentiveness.   The GM and the chef came out to greet, welcome, and occasionally checked on how we were doing! We had the special between 3-6pm...street tacos. Had the different kinds and all were great! We also tried the watermelon infused drink/water & the beef taquitos as an appetizer. Delish! As for desserts,  we had the churros, fried ice cream, and flan. Mouth watering!A must try for sure!We did drive past it since it's a lil tucked away. It's beside a gentlemen's club.
5	Fantastic new spot!  Loved it. Chef Paco was great. He came out to our table and introduced himself and chatted for a bit. Give it a try. You will like it.
5	We had plans to hit the place next door and I was craving Mexican food so our local friend recommended this place. Our party of 10 got there around 1130 and had a great time. The service was impeccable - I never had to ask for a thing and that's what I expect. The food was DELICIOUS and so were the drinks - I had the divorced eggs and some white sangria and the watermelon drink as well; husband had the street tacos and he finished those in record time and then started eating off my plate. Servers and the chef were constantly flitting about making sure we didn't run out of anything and that we were happy customers, which we definitely were. Prices are great too, I would absolutely come back my next time in Vegas!
5	Really cute chic Mexican literally to the right of Sapphire Gentleman's club. If you are a guac fan then you will love this place. Table side guacamole was amazing and plentiful. I had the chicken enchiladas. It had a little spicy kick and was good. Served with beans and cilantro rice. End with the classic flan!! I devoured it.
5	Service was ahhmazing!!! Amanda, Mike and Chef were very welcoming and personable. Food was awesome!!!
5	I guess you can say this is my new spot!  The food is totally amazing!! The service is wonderful & we love our server Adam!! But what got me is Chef Paco!! He really & truly makes you feel at home!!  Thank you once again for a delicious meal & an all around great time!!
5	So much flavor that you can taste the passion that Chef Paco has for everything he creates!! Fresh from the farm to your plate is their motto and it shows!!  I will be returning for the only Mexican food I will be eating other then my own!!
5	Excellent experience! The atmosphere is very cozy and chic. The staff was welcoming and friendly from the moment we walked in.  Overall, the service was excellent.  To start off, the chips and salsa were great (some of the best chips I've had) and we loved all three options of salsa that were given with the chips. We decided to order the Feast so we could get a little taste of everything.  While we loved the pork burrito, the steak burrito was also a huge hit. Whatever the steak is marinated in is perfect. We also took advantage of Yelp's check-in offer and tried a free carne asada taco that was excellent. Everything tasted very fresh. For dessert, we tried the fried ice cream and the churros. The churros are filled with caramel- come on!! Delicious!We would definitely recommended El Dorado Cantina and will be back on our next Vegas trip!
4	Very clean and well decorated. Food is nicely presented and you can tell that the chef cares about the quality of the food. The carnitas tacos were the best out of the several we tried. Our server, Jesse made excellent tableside guacamole. he was cute and friendly and attentive. they also serve watermelon juice with free refills. I will certainly repeat when in the mood for Mexican fare.
5	Super cute decor in here. Feels like you are really in Mexico ! The guacamole is handmade at the table and the watermelon water is so refreshing. I had the chicken enchiladas for dinner. My friend had the cilantro crusted tilapia which was cooked just right. Chef Paco came around and personally greeted each table. Located next to Sapphire. Yummy! Jesse *our waiter* is the man
5	Amazing service and outstanding food!!!To start off we ordered imperial shrimp wrapped in bacon... Delicious. I had their sangria sweet and fruity, tasted both red and white I prefer the red!! Street tacos are very authentic and amazing!!! Tasted Asada, al pastor and cochinita with habanero sauce which were my favorite! And after reading so many great reviews about their amazing Flan. It's just that and more...Amazing!! Chef Paco you've out done yourself!! We will definitely be coming back frequently!! And to our server Jesse, thank you for your great service your the best!!!See you again soon!!!
5	AMAZING FOOD, even better service! The chef customized special veggie dishes for us, our waitress was awesome and the food was the most authentic & amazing Mexicano food we've ever had, move over dos cominos!
5	What can I say other than I tried to open mouth kiss the chef.  He knows chili habanero~ salsa and tacos.  I have those chili sweats in such a wonderful way.  This is now my Mexican hangout!
5	If you like Mexican food, and are in Las Vegas you need to visit El Dorado Cantina, located next to the luxurious Saphire on Industrial Road. The atmosphere is friendly and elegant, the service is outstanding, so are the variety of dishes prepared by Chef Paco, who gave us a fantastic service..He came out to chat, and made us feel part of the family. We ordered beef burritos and cocktails. The dish was delicious and came with three kinds of salsa including "Rico" Guacamole, and the best chili habanero I have tested in Las Vegas. We were there on a Thursday, and Latin music was playing in the background. We will soon be coming back to El Dorado Cantina. This place is Awasome!!
5	In case you have a hard time finding where this place is..it is literally right next to Sapphires.  With that being said, there are no strippers here but there is some delicioso food. The chef is friendly and welcoming, talked to us a bit and sat us down.  Street tacos are better than Tacos y Tacos and the chips are nom. Should give this place a try before their grand opening in August!
4	El Dorado Cantina is a month shy of its grand opening, yet it's already a gem. I was eager to try it after such promising reviews. I had read it is next to Sapphire, but I didn't take it literally. I should have, because it is indeed in the same building but with its own entrance. The restaurant is upscale and our group of four were cozy in a booth. We started with house margaritas and cold cervezas. We were quickly brought chips and three types of salsa: mild, tomatillo and habanero. All were fresh and delicious. We couldn't resist the tableside guacamole ($12). It did not disappoint! Moving on to entrees, we tried the carne asada burrito ($12.50), carnitas tacos ($7.50, seafood enchilada ($13.50) and Milaneza ($17.50). Everything was fresh and tasty. We were all very pleased.They are currently offering specials and happy hours; hopefully, they will continue. It's been a long time, since I've had an enjoyable sit down meal in a Mexican Restaurant. You wouldn't expect a restaurant of this caliber given the location, but it delivers. I'm already planning my next visit.
5	Our server, Kai was awesome! I'm totally recommending this place to all my friends. Chef paco even came out and introduced himself to us! This place rocks!
5	Best Mexican Restaurant in Town! We went durinf happy hour and got the 1$ street tacos. Our server, kai was great and very knowledgeable about the menu. One of the best servers i've evee seen. Chef Paco was also nice and greeted us! This place has super great customer service. Definately coming here again!!!
5	This is a great place to eat! The food was amazing and our server, Kai, was very knowledgable and kind. We also met Chef Paco who was also pretty awesome and you could tell that he really tries to make the best food he can make. Overall this place is great. Being Mexican myself I found that this place not only has great authentic food but also has great customer customer service. I'll definitely be back again soon!
5	Best Mexican food in all of Vegas!! So many choices!! Great service!! Kai is the best!! Thank you so much can't wait to be back!! :)
5	Had a nice late lunch... Kai and Adam at the bar were extremely hospitable.  The tacos were very good.  Had the Mahi and the carnitas. The white sangria is to die for!! Get in here and enjoy yourself! They have awesome specials and promotions everyday!
5	First time here. I was relieved to find out it's only next door to Sapphires and not part of it. Very nice decor and atmosphere.  Amber was our server. She gave impeccable service.  Chef Paco came around and introduced himself, asking if we needed anything.  We tried the Imperial Shrimp for an app. Seafood stuffed shrimp, wrapped in bacon... yum!!! I had the chicken enchiladas and he had the pork carnitas. Amazing food. Definitely recommend.  They have free salsa lessons on Tuesdays and it's Latin night on Wednesdays. Great service & great food. Highly recommend!
5	I have know eaten here 3 times in 2 weeks, it's just that good! Today's fare started with Tostaditas de Tinga, absolutely delish. Street tacos better than Taco's El Gordo now that is something I would never of thought possible! the posole was very hardy. We ended the meal with tres leches cake that has a hint of rum!! Chef Paco you hit it out of the park again! Bailey our bartender provided excellent service and makes the whole experience just that much nicer.
5	Can you say delicious? Everything, from the salsa choices and the guac, to the street tacos (we had the all pastor) and all the entrees was amazing. And then there was the flan. I'm picky about that. Creamy, rich, smooth, and obviously carefully and freshly made. And churros too! The drinks were pretty fabulous, and worth the price. We'll be back for sure.
5	We are here with a large group for a bday party. Great food, great service, great atmosphere!!!
5	This place is awesome good. Ordered the veggie burrito -perfect. Jesse was our server, attentive and sweet. Plus, free dessert;)
5	Best New Organic Mexican Restaurant in Vegas! Food is amazing! Service is amazing! Finding a delicious organic restaurant in Vegas is actually quite a hard thing to do, so I am so very glad that this place opened! There's not much else to say other than EAT HERE! You will definitely not regret it! And, oh, you're welcome! ;)
5	Food was delicious.   Just finished my meal & writing this review at the table!  Chef Paco does great work.   Jesse, our waiter, was attentive & made awesome recommendations.   The complimentary salsa (3 of them) is made in house.
5	This place has great service! Kai was very helpful and attending the whole time we were here. I ordered the street tacos and they were very filling. The salsa that comes with the chips as an appetizer is very flavorful! There were 3 to choose from ranging from mild to very spicy. Perfect to meet everyone's needs. Chef Paco personally came out to speak to our table and introduced himself. This place has great staff and atmosphere. Highly recommend and I will definitely be coming back!
5	Great environment and vibe. And the food is great as well. Breakfast is served all day long. I would suggest the chorizo or steak and egg burrito. Been in Vegas for 2 months and this the best restaurant I've eaten at by far!
5	I had a wonderful experience at El Dorado Cantina. All of the staff was extremely friendly and the food was Amazing. Bailey was my bartender and she was Fantastic. She was extremely knowledgeable of the food menu and the drinks behind the bar! She made it very easy to figure out what I wanted. And even gave me fresh squeezed strawberry juice to try and it was great! Chef Paco even stopped by to ask how everything was and to recommend dessert! I will definitely be back to see the friendly staff again. It was as authentic as it gets, reminded me of my grandmothers cooking who is straight from Mexico City. Cheese Enchiladas are one of my favorite dishes and I would definitely recommend theirs to everyone. Can't wait to go back again and try something else!! Oh and don't forget dessert! I had the churros and oh boy would I be in trouble if I could get them everyday; they are DELICIOUS!!
1	This place is a scam. All the reviews on here have to be from the staff or friends trying to get the place going. It is sketchy. It is in the same building as the strip club. I went with my girlfriend and no one was inside. Dead empty, pin drop stuff. First time Yelp has not worked for us. Beware. In my opinion the reviews are not real.
5	This was an experience to remember! From the first course to the last everything was just jaw dropping. Chef paco really out did himself. The salsas were completely different from other restaurants. It was if I was eating a home cooked meal. We ordered a variety of tacos and was not disappointed. The portion was so generous I feel as if I got way beyond my moneys worth. After eating the appetizers my boyfriend and I were convinced we were on a show on the food network channel. The staff was very welcoming and the chef himself came to check if we needed anything else. Definitely my new hangout...I loved it!!
5	This place is a diamond in the rough cause it's hard to notice but once here u will fall in love w/ the food & drinks. Plus the service is right there w/ any 5 star restaurant as they r very attentive to you. Felt as if I should wear a suit & tie just to eat here due to the incredible service I received.Plus if u need a little retouch on your latin dance moves they got you w/ dance lessons on Tuesdays 6pm-7pm & 8pm-9pmMy recommendation is the tres leches cake & the Imperial Shrimp. Everyone needs to come down and make this the new locals spot as it operates 24/7 like true Vegas style.
5	Don't let the location fool you, this place is the home of authentic Mexican cuisine.  My boyfriend and I were hesitant at first but being the foodie that I am, I couldn't resist to try this place out. From the cantaloupe water to the guacamole made table side to the habanero salsa and enchiladas, our dinner was delicious. My boyfriend and I are from Mexican decent therefore we become huge critics when it comes to the food of our land, let me tell you we were not disappointed.  There's only one word to describe the food.. AUTHENTIC.  If you haven't tried this place you're missing out.
5	Service and atmosphere is excellent. Food is fresh and delicious. The cantaloupe margaritas have a great balance of flavors. We have found our new favorite place!
5	This place is awesome, and has a staff that is very aware of food issues. There are several great gluten free options on their menu.  The carne asada and the carnitas were some of the best I have had.  It is well worth going a block off the strip to eat at El Dorado.As some have mentioned, it is in the same building as sapphire gentleman's club, but not part of the club so do not let that scare you away.
5	This place is real Mexican food with a 2014 healthy twist.  They just opened their doors on July 19 and open 24 hours...Yum! Location: Yelp reviewers were right about sharing the parking lot with a strip club but I hope folks don't let that stop them from coming here with their kids and families.  I went with my husband and 16-year-old son.  There's also plenty of parking.Ambience:  Tastefully decorated.  Large booths and tables. Also has a large bar and the drinks are perfectly made to compliment the food. I ordered a margarita. Service: Alessandro was our waiter.  He is very attentive, friendly but professional.  He made us feel like we were family.  I loved that the other waiters would check on us, too.  I hate going to a place and the only person servicing your table is your waiter.  It felt like everyone is looking out for each other and most of all the customers. Food: Let's start with the chips and 3 amazing fresh made salas - mild, medium and HOT!  I loved them all but the hot just exploded with flavor.  We were told about the fresh made juices and I was torn between ordering the margarita or the juice.  To my surprise, one of the waiters came out with a small sample of the pineapple juice and it was superb.  What a treat.  My husband and I shared steak and chicken fajitas which were perfectly seasoned and tender.  The portion was great for sharing.  My son had the breakfast chorizo burrito which comes with fresh potato slices.   He said it exceeded his expectations and wasn't planning on sharing any of it.  He devoured it all.  Dessert: My son got the tres leches cake. It was moist but not soggy.  Chef Paco treated my husband and I to a sample of the flan.  It has sweet and had 4 distinct flavors.  We typical don't order dessert and I recommend that you not pass up dessert because you have got to try either of these.Chef Paco: He is down to earth and his food is inspired by the recipes that his mother and grandmother taught him. We were lucky to find this gem and look forward to returning soon and exploring more items on the menu.
5	Visiting Las Vegas for the first time I encountered El Dorado. Where can I start. The menu was packed with several options to choose from. For those who love vegetarian and seafood options, they have many. The service was exceptional. Our waitress Kelsey was great to say the least. This restaurant's decor was top notch. The head chef, Chef Paco's culinary style is amazing. You are doing yourself an injustice if you don't stop by.
5	This place is amazing!!!! The tropical salad is highly recommended as are the cochinita tacos. The atmosphere is classy and inviting. The chef is amazing!!!! He does a great job on presentation as well. Go here if you are looking for highly authentic Mexican food served beautifully in a gorgeous environment.
5	The food was wonderful!  The chef and Jesse were great.  We came in with my friend and we tried each other's food.  So tasty,  great flavors,  I finally had seafood enchiladas that didn't taste fishy but only tasted great!   We loved our chicken empanadas and make room for deliciousness with their churros.  Happiness!  That is how we left oh and crazy full. Thank you for opening up!  My boyfriend and I will be back!
5	Great service from Kai. We were so thrilled to find a Mexican restaurant that serves grass fed meats and free range (Mary's) chicken. The salsas were great and the food was too. They even have organic alcohol. A great find to make visiting Vegas even better.
5	I tried this place on a friends suggestion. Excellent choice. We had Mahi tacos & chicken enchiladas. Food & service top notch.   Chef Paco came out to check on us. Kelsie was an outstanding server. Two thumbs up.
4	Very nice staff! The chef even came out to check on us :) Delicious fresh guacamole. Yummy trio of salsa! Would definitely recommend the fresh pineapple water margarita, so soooo good! Jesse made a great concoction! :)
5	Once of the best conchinita pibil tacos I've had. A bit spicy although is was habareno. Definitely making a go to spot when visiting Vegas. Thanks Amber and Paco for the great service.
5	Best street tacos I've had since Mexico. The Chef is from Mexico City and it shows in his food! Host was friendly and welcoming. Dez was behind the bar and gave us great service!
5	Delicious food!  Carne Asada was full of flavor. The shrimp tacos have an amazing sauce on them. The 3 different salsas were great and full flavor. The environment was friendly and we received great service!
5	This place is amazing ! The food is to die for! I had the carne asada tacos the meat was so tasty! The chef Paco was so friendly and made me feel right at home!  Totally will be back!
4	Tried this hidden gem for the first time tonight.  The menu has something for everyone; gluten-free, vegetarian, and meat lovers!  The food is thoughtfully prepared and flavorful.  Paco hooked it up!The service is fantastic! Amber was very attentive.The restaurant shares the parking lot with Sapphire, so it was a little hard to find but don't let that deter you from trying this place.  Also, the restaurant has a great atmosphere and is family friendly.I will definitely be back!
4	This place rocks! Make sure Amber is your server- great recommendations and attentive service!Chef Paco is a sweet and talented chef! Sharing his love through the food is evident!Open 24/7, good music, healthy choices, attentive servers...one couldn't ask for more!
5	I usualy dont leave reviews on Yelp, but this time i had to make an exception. Everything from the food, service and ambience was PERFECT. We met Chef Paco who was super nice and their lovely waitress. I highly recommend this place their food was AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD which is hard to find now a days. My husband and I were extremely satisfy with their wonderful service. Please consider opening a Dorado Cantina in Los Angeles, Ca. We will greatly miss you until next time we visit Vegas!
5	Trendy, contemporary dining room with amazing Mexican cuisine!! Although it has an ironic location, literally in the same building as the Sapphire strip club, the food was DELICIOUS!! The table side guacamole comes out in the cutest dish! It is definitely big enough for a party of 4. The chicken enchiladas and carne asada steak were flavorful and the flan for dessert was sweet with the perfect amount of chill! Super nice staff and the chef even greeted us at our table! =D
5	Great food and service.  A great find.  Enjoyed  everything especially the service from  Kelsey.
5	I went here today based on a friend's sighting of the "We hate GMO's" billboard. I hate GMO's too so I couldn't wait to try it. Kai was our server. He was personable, attentive and knowledgeable. He made the best guacamole I have ever had. Chef Paco came to check on us after our entrees had been tried. I loved the carne asada street tacos, but the highlight was the flan made from the chef's grandmother's recipe. We ordered another after we got our first taste.This is my new favorite restaurant. I can't wait to go back!
5	Had such an amazing time here! Came in with a few of my girlfriends and not only was the food amazing but the staff was as well. They took the time to get to know me and give me their personal recommendations. Thanks to Miranda, Amber, Daniel and Chef Paco we enjoyed the amazing chicken tinga, quesadilla, and the most surprising the GRASSHOPPERS! Everything was amazing and you could taste the time and effort put into each dish. I'm so glad we decided to try something new! We will be back for sure :):)
5	I was here in mid-July and I have to say, excellent experience all around! I honestly wondered if all the positive reviews were for real, but add mine to the list. Chips were crispy, salsa was delish (although watch out for the hot one-- it's VERY hot) and the drinks were fresh and wonderful. My husband had the pozole soup and carne asada tacos and was super excited about all of it. I had the shrimp tacos-- fabulous. Our waiter was great and the bartender told us they make their own marg mix (which is probably why it's so good). The chef even came out to talk to us and ask if everything was OK. Amazing food and service, no complaints. Oh and when we were driving away, the waiter ran out after us and told us he gave us the wrong bill and accidentally overcharged us-- what honesty! I was super impressed, I must say. I'll for sure be back.
5	My new favorite Traditional Mexican restaurant . The staff is really friendly and the place is spotless. I love their house made salsas. I was very surprised with the variety they had on fresh fruit waters. One thing that I found very unique is how the menu had traditional plates from all over Mexico and next to the name of the plate is the state if where it originates . I actually had the opportunity to meet chef Paco , he was very friendly and asked me if I had any special requests. It was nice to know that the restaurant carries organic and gmo free plates.
5	This has to be the best Mexican restaurant in town. I am Mexican and I have been looking for a good place like this since I moved to Las Vegas . I do have to say this place just did it. They have great customer service too! It's a must try.
5	Lucky enough to get in here before this place got to big. Best Mexican food I've had in years!  Chef Paco was amazing and treated us to a really delicious churro like nothing I've ever had,
5	AWESOME!! Great food and top of the line service. Love that's it's organic GMO free. So happy they have Gluten Free items. I had GF pulled chicken tacos they were great! My  b/f had the conchita pibil he said it was spicy and delicious. Chef Paco introduced himself at our table.. It was great meeting him and enjoyed him sharing his passion. Keep up the great work!
2	We found this place via a friend on Facebook who came here and said on FB it was GMO Free and the food was amazing.  As usual, I went onto Yelp and a majority of the reviews were 5 stars but if you go a ways down you will find some 4's and below.  We decided to try this place for lunch today because of the hype on GMO Free, Organic and amazing.  Since others have mentioned the excellent servers they have had let me tell you about our server Victor.  It took him a long time to get to our table, good thing for the hostess as she got us our drinks and took our appetizer order.  Victor finally came and proceeded to go over the entire menu trying to sell us on everything that were his favorites which seemed to be everything but this place still has not had its grand opening.  I don't want to be sold on food, let me try it and give my opinion.  He seemed really off today and later you will understand why.  He brought out our appetizer, Tostaditas De Tinga's, 3 small tostada's with white meat chicken and sauce.  When he got to the table, he dumped one of the tostada's on my wife...He was very apologetic and cleaned it up quickly and brought us a new order on the house.  He also tried to explain being off on his sick daughter from the day before but then we heard him tell the table next to us that he had been next door at the Sapphire Club all night.  By the way, this is the same building as  the Sapphire Gentlemen's Club, the same parking lot and the same owners...Chef Paco who everyone talked about in their reviews obviously was not here today.  Our appetizer lacked in seasoning, all white meat chicken boiled and not like what you would find in Mexico.  We had the table side guacamole which was pretty good, but the Carne Asada Taco's and the Al Pastor Taco's lacked in taste as well compared to the authentic foods of Mexico.  The rice was white rice with no seasoning at all, very bland.  The beans tasted like canned beans, which brings up a funny story...Our waiter first said the beans were from a can but then came back and said he talked to one of the cooks who said they were not canned, they were made in house daily.  NOT...The Flan was good but did not seem like home made daily like they claim.  Any chicken dish from the Tostada's to the pulled chicken burrito I brought my daughter was very bland.  Needless to say we were very disappointed as we were hoping for an amazing meal, GMO Free and Organic however the corn tortillas did not taste like fresh corn tortillas.    This is not a place we will go back to as you can find better tasting authentic mexican food about anywhere in town.  I am sure Chef Paco is an amazing person but whether he is there or not, the menu items should always be cooked the same way and if they were going for what you would find in Mexico, the mark was really missed here.
5	My second time to el dorado cantina, requested by many of my friends and it was a success! Only drinking last time (the margaritas are amazing!) So I was excited to order some food this time! I had  one of each of the street tacos and was pleasantly surprised by the range of flavors in EACH taco! My favorite item was the chicken street taco, accompanied by  Cilantro rice &  fresh refried beans really brought the dish together. The fact that my tacos arrived in a doubled traditional corn tortilla, & the waiter prepared my guacamole TABLESIDE, gave this new hot spot serious authenticity! Between the quality, freshness, attention to detail in ALL the flavors, & fantastic atmosphere this will absolutely be somewhere I return again & again!
5	This restaurant has some of the best, freshest Mexican food I've had in my life. The atmosphere is casual and the service is great. We had everyone from chefs to managers checking on us. Our server, Jesse, was great and helpful!Their free chips and salsa actually comes with three different sauces, going the extra mile more than most (be extra careful with the habanero!). Their drinks menu was very varied in terms of cocktails. They even have a handmade juice they'll turn into Margarita! Our dishes were delicious. Normally I don't care about GMO-free dishes, but everything we ate was nice and fresh, from the Carne Asada to the Torta. Mexican food tends to leave me feeling a bit gross due to all the grease, but you can tell the stuff here is quality.Even though the venue is a bit odd (right next to a gentleman's club :P), it doesn't detract from the quality of the restaurant. I recommend everyone who likes Mexican to come here. A+!
5	First time at this place and the food was delicious!! Everything from the food to the service and decor was great! The free chips and salsa are a bonus for sure. Started off with the chicken tinga tostadas which were extremely tasty. Also had the stuffed bacon wrapped shrimp and boy were those a definite highlight. The posole tasted so authentic and the portion was perfect! Best of all was the flan and the churros! The flan literally melts in your mouth. Loved the dipping sauces for the churros (banana foster & Mexican chocolate) YUMM!
5	Best Mexican restaurant in town. Chef Paco is wonderful and makes amazing food. Staff is great as well.
5	Amazing food, amazing service (our waiter Kai is the best!).. Definitrly the best Mexican restaurant in Vegas and also the best compared to what we know in SoCal..! Besides, the place is very nicely decorated, good music; great Margaritas!! Everything perfect; guys keep up the great job!! We can't wait for our next time!
5	Great place! I saw a billboard advertising this restaurant using organic and non-gmo ingredients, so I asked my husband to try this place with me. And we went tonight and had an awesome dinner. The server Jesse was very sincere, courteous and helpful. He started us with tortilla chips and a sample of hibiscus tea. The tea was awesome, the chips was very good. I normally hate chips but I still think theirs was good.Jesse gave good attention to my intolerance to garlic and went to check with the kitchen to find out what had been pre-marinated with garlic, so that I wouldn't order something that I can't eat. So we ordered the house salad with the cilantro dressing on the side ( as there is garlic in the dressing), but he also brought me one more blue cheese dressing on the side. The salad was very fresh and good quality. The avocado in the salad was very good, it was ripe, fatty and no black color ( which could be commonly seen even in what you can buy in supermarkets). I know it sounded funny but we were really impressed with the quality of the avocado and the other veggie in the salad. I have a very sensitive stomach. I would feel abdominal discomfort if I eat bad veggie. And I had no discomfort but only enjoyment from the salad. So it was great! I liked my blue cheese dressing and my husband likes the cilantro dressing. For entrees, I ordered the tilapia without garlic butter while my husband ordered carne asada (steak) taco. I was advised not to order the items with steak because they were all pre-marinated with garlic and other seasonings. While I can't  comment on the taco, my husband told me it was awesome. He said it is the best taco he ever had. And I think I also had the best tilapia here too! I never knew that tilapia could taste so good until tonight. I tasted tilapia from other american restaurants before and they never tasted good. But here at El Dorado, their tilapia was made very well! And the chef also made a different sauce for me as I couldn't have the garlic butter. The sauce he made was mango something (forgot the actual name). It was awesome. There was also a balsamic vinegrette on the side in case I didn't like the mango something sauce. And the fish tasted great and went well with either sauce! Their balsamic vinegrette is also very different from what you can find else where. Theirs is very thick, not too sour and has a bit of sweetness. I never like those over sour vinaigrette else where, so I am impressed with their version of balsamic vinegrette.At the end, the chef gave us a complimentary flan as dessert, and we also ordered a tres leches cake. They were both great. The flan was especially exceptional. Theirs tasted very dense, rich, and I could taste that it was made with all real good ingredients with no fillers like gelatine. It tasted better than any other flan I had in the past (which were very much like gelatine texture). The trees leches cake was good, tasted fresh and the leches sauce has a hint of rum taste. Everything was great and we were very happily filled at the end.We are happy that we found this place. Please keep up the good work and we are grateful for the big billboard advertisement.
5	A new modern twist to Mexican food in Las Vegas. Finally I have found a restaurant that serves NON GMO foods!I have been disappointed in the quality of Mexican restaurants that we have in Las Vegas. Usually if you want good Mexican food, you have to go to California. This restaurant takes the cake. Probably one of the best Mexican restaurants in Vegas. We ordered the table side guacamole, carne asada and carnitas street tacos, chicken enchilada,  and deep fried ice cream. Wow. Foodgasm heaven! I still am thinking about the ice cream... lol. Everything was fresh, had enough kick to it, and tons of flavor. The ambience was amazing. A cool Gothic Spanish feel with a modern twist. Service was great as well. The only negative is that it's next to a strip club. But for all the parents the strip club is not connected. We will definitely be back!
5	best tacos in Vegas very upscale! chef paco makes amazing food here! my favorite host Is Alisa! I love this place its open 24/7. its a must try!!!
5	Flan is the best one I ever had! And the tacos are great also! Great environment, highly recommend!
5	I took my wife for date nite.  OMG.  The Pork with mole Verde was so succulent and flavorful I forced myself to stop eating.   My wife got the beef enchiladas, and they were some of the best I ever tasted.  The place was very busy with a young casual crowd.Very fun dinner.
1	This is in the same building as sapphire strip club. Just FYI. It was super awkward walking up. We made a reservation on open table and sat down. We waited 20 minutes without anyone ever coming to our table. Numerous employees passed by our table. While we were sitting there waiting patiently for some acknowledgment, the table next to us found a chunk of plastic in their food. That's when we made the decision to leave. I definitely won't be back here.
4	This place is fun, the servers are friendly, enthusiastic, knowledgeable.Chef Paco is super sweet and friendly. Food is great and I definitely see myself coming back for more and more and more.
5	This place is amazing! Food is fresh! Service is great. Kai our server was fantastic. Chef came out and thanked us for stopping by. I'm from LA and it's really nice to have great Mexican food here in Vegas!
4	We stopped by Vegas on our way home from a camping trip in Zion. Food was excellent! The staff is friendly and attentive. I ordered the carne asana street tacos and they were flavorful and fresh! The salsa that came with the chips were delicious. And you must order the flan! I usually don't order the flan because I'm not a fan of custard, but this flan is unique. It's like a cross between flan and cheesecake. Chef Paco came by and chatted with us. Very humble and genuine. Make sure you come and check out their happy hour. $1 street tacos!!
5	Excellent service, great food. Get out here and don't be afraid of the location! We had the tableside guacamole, a few tacos, posole, and we took the "Chapulines Challege." You gotta do it. All the food was absolutely delicious and the margaritas were tart and yummy. Super attentive staff and Kai was fantastic; he guided us through the menu and surprised us with a few recommendations. The ambience is modern, chic and inviting. Chef Paco treats you like his own child. Will return on our next trip to Vegas.
5	This place makes me happy. Very happy. I love to revisit a restaurant and have everything be as great as i remember. Chef Paco actually cares about both his customers AND his food and it shows.Great service and great food at a price that makes sense. So very happy.
5	We want Paco in LA !!! We come to Las Vegas for Magic and this place is so good we came here everyday for dinner ! Food taste so fresh , and service is the best! Yes it's next to a strip club but come on people what's the big deal !
5	In Chef Paco we trust!!!!!   The food is amazing and the hospitality is on point. Chef Paco takes time to come out and greet each and every customer. I've only been to a few places where this happens and it definitely makes you feel special and he's very welcoming. You can tell he takes pride in his food and values his friends and customers. I won't go anywhere else to get my dose of authentic Mexican food. I've really grown to love this place because of how awesome the staff is and the food.. The chipotle ranch will rock your world...
5	Absolutely amazing!!!!!!! Chef Paco was great seriously don't go anywhere else for Mexican food an I never ever leave comments I could care less but this place deserves it
5	We had a hard time finding the place. After passing it and doing a u turn we realized it's in the same building as sapphire gentlemens club. That was a bit of a turn off and we considered not going, but I'm very  happy we did. Once inside the place is very nice. We went for happy hour (3-6 every day) for $1 tacos. I had one of each of their five street tacos. All were great as was the service. Paco the chef came to our table to make sure everything was ok. That's always a nice touch. We will be back soon.
5	This place! Screaming food-gasm written all over the menu. WOWSY!!! Forget the strip club next store. From walking in the door to getting served, this place has it all. Ambience, sexyness, and service is top notch. It's the hidden gem of Vegas. Get your ass in the door and I guarantee you that you'll make this place a must when in Vegas. Pics to come.
4	pretty good !  they need to offer free cover next door though !
5	Wow! One of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. Bryan was our server and he tried everything possible to make us happy. I am on a special diet and they did not have anything on the menu I could eat. So, he called Chef Paco to the table and Paco took notes of what I wanted and made me a special dish. Paco and Bryan really took care of us. I highly recommend this place.
5	Finally .... A place I can go eat at and NOT get sick. :)Wow!!! So impressed with this place! Seen it on a friends news feed & the Non GMO is what caught my attention. I am a vegetarian with celiac 's also , so to see they had a gluten free , vegetarian menu on top of non GMO was a jackpot! We have needed a place like this in Vegas . I really hope they do well & stay open . My only fear is the location . Not so convenient for the locals. The Food was delicious ! I had the veggie tacos , my Aunt had shrimp taquitos , cousin had carne  Asada tacos , mom had the breakfast fried eggs & beans plate (can't remember name) . We also had the flan & fried ice-cream . EVERYTHING was amazing. . All the meat is hormone free also . If you don't know much about organic , non GMO food ... Do some research ! This is NOT easy or cheap to do.. It is not the most convenient either . For them to have a great menu with these wonderful options at great prices is incredible .Now to the service ... Holy smokes , our waiter was so friendly & educated on all their food & different diet needs . His name was Kai and I would request him for sure .He also happened to be an assistant manager. Then another assistant manager (Arianna) came to our table to introduce herself & see how the service was. After that , the Chef himself (Chef Paco) wanted to see how we enjoyed the food , then brought us a free sample of the flan. .Such nice people & such a cute place . The only negative thing I can say is it's next to a strip club & not in a great part of town . Excited to go back !
5	Delicious food, friendly servers and clean atmosphere. The veggie tacos are to die for! Kai and Ashley took very good care of us. Definitely would recommend this place for a big group.
5	Excellent food, great service, and chef Paco is super nice! I had the pineapple shrimp which is served inside of a half pineapple. It was juicy and spicy, exactly how I like it. Hubby had the pulled chicken burrito which was crunchy and perfectly seasoned. The cilantro rice is also really good. Don't forget the churros in the end! Amazing! Def coming back! :)))
5	The only Mexican place in town that offers organic non gmo items!!!! Imperial shrimp is great!!! So is there posole, and there flan is to kill for!!!!  Stop by late at night and check out one of the best servers Ralphy!!! He'll take good care of you!!!!
4	The service and food were very good. The place is hard to find, as it's hidden next to a Gentlemen's club. Don't let it fool you! Only been open about 2 months but worth a visit. Food was spicier than I like, but good.
5	Review #100! Excellent. Hands down the best Mexican food I've had in Las Vegas, and for prices that won't break the bank.. On top of that, this restaurant has an overall classy ambience, stylish decor, and friendly and knowledgeable staff. The restaurant is making a name for itself locally and nationally for its GMO-free and organic cuisine, which is a nice touch for anyone that is concerned about what they're putting into their bodies. The best-kept secret in Vegas won't stay secret for long, so give it a try now!Ask about: Imperial Shrimp, aguas frescas, Chilaquiles, Street Tacos, and Chapulines.
5	Best Mexican place in Vegas! The service was amazing. My waitress Amber was fast and so sweet. And the empanadas from the Small Bite menu were yummy! Vegetarian friendly! Chef Paco has the food tasting great and the flan is unbeatable. Every Tuesday is Industry Night with FREE salsa lesson and Tequila bar! I'm definitely a happy customer! Don't pass it up!
5	I'm such a picky eater, so its hard for me to find a place that has a great selection of food that I actually eat!The atmosphere of the whole restaurant is very nice, I really like the decor! Their new menus look awesome too, very fancy!Also love that no matter how much food I eat, the healthy food doesn't make me feel bloated or greasy afterwards. They are a new restaurant, however, so have a lot to learn. But their food is great, waiters/waitresses are friendly, and overall nice atmosphere!
5	Great place!! Amazing food and service! We will definitely be back for more. Great bar and atmosphere also. Must check it out
3	I found this place by going through the reviews on  Yelp and they were all pretty good.  The place was almost empty when we arrived, it looked "brand new"  and the waitress mentioned that they just had a Grand Opening.  Well,  the food was pretty good but nothing to write home about.  The service was above average, but again, not many people in the place.  The prices were pretty fair. Would I go back,  probably not but it wasn't a bad place to eat.
5	We saw their billboard on our way home from wholefoods.  The food is awesome here so glad that there is a non gmo organic mexican resturant in town now.  Super excited for this place we will be back!!! The prices were very reasonable!
5	We came back for the entrees as last time we only did aps and dessert.  I honestly am in love with this place!  The chef paco has came out to greet us both times and the servers we have had have been exceptional.  Thanks kendall h for a awesome guac making conversation.  You are missing out if you dont give this place a try.  The best part is you can feel good about eating here!
5	Really enjoyed this place.  Found out about this gem through my Non-GMO Vegas FB account and researched it further.  After all of the positive reviews on Yelp, I decided to give it a try.  I am a big fan of organic/non-gmo food and try and eat this whenever possible so I was really excited to see this new option in town.  Took my parents and met a couple good friends here for dinner.  I was hoping that it wouldn't disappoint as I was the one who recommended the spot.  It did not disappoint!  Food was outstanding and service was spot on!  Kai did an outstanding job serving our table and had a great attitude as well!  Chef Paco was awesome with everything.  It was all really delicious with a great presentation as well.  In fact, 3 in the party commented that their tacos were the best they ever had!  High marks for this place, and I hope to see it succeed as we need to let our wallets speak.  It is time to start supporting people who serve real food, and not food that is chemical-laden and full of GMO's!
4	No roll of hundred dollar bills required! The restaurant may share a building with Sapphire but that's where the connection ends, from a dining guest stand-point at least. Sunday dinner? No need to worry about your Gammie being offended here; once inside you will never know what was going on next door. What you will find upon walking in is a very pleasant hostess, nice modern decor mixed with the classic cantina accoutrements, best in class Mexican fare and matching service quality from all involved. Reasons for 4 stars: Kai the waiter and the table side guacamole artist Chris. The head chef named Paco; this guy creates some interesting menu items and some twists on old classics. He stopped by the table twice to check in...Gordon Ramsay isn't going to do that, because he doesn't give a fuck if you ever come back; Paco does. Casadores tequila Cadillac margarita, 11 bucks; 5-9 dollars cheaper than most other places and it came in a full sized margarita glass, not some pansy low ball that others try to pass off on you. The table-side prepared guacamole...all fresh, made exactly to your liking, plentiful amount for 2-3 people. The pineapple shrimp platter; you will think you just landed in Hawaii...or wherever else fresh pineapple can be sourced from. This entree is worth coming back for; see my picture for the details. The vanilla flan; Paco's grandmothers recipe evidently. I'm not a flan fan, it's been too tapioca pudding-like in texture the few times I've had it. Not the case here as this one is more the consistency of cheesecake and was fantastic. I'm a believer, in Paco and his grandmother at least. Docked one star: It would really be 1/2 star off but I'm not afforded that luxury. The moment you've all been waiting for. The big reveal! The initial bowl of chips were stale, a bit chewy. The second bowl was fresh. The dessert arrived without any utensils and the original ones had been cleared. That's all folks nothing to see here keep it moving. All seriousness...five stars are reserved for repeat visits if they continue to impress. Worth a repeat visit? You bet your sombrero it is.
5	So we visited this place about a week ago thanks to Yelp. Yes it's next to a strip club but that shouldn't stop anyone from coming here. The food and service was awesome. The corn chips and dips which came out to start tasted so fresh. The habanero one was no joke. The head chef/owner I believe came and spoke with us after our meal to make sure everything was fine. He was so excited to hear what we thought and explained all the recipes had been passed down from his mother. He was very proud of the place and so he should be. We are visitors from Australia, it's a shame we probably won't be able to go back again!
5	I'll just get to the point. Really good food, Great prices, Friendly staff and even the Chef came out to see how we were doing. I had the carnitas street tacos and they were bomb. Try the black beans if you get a chance. I really liked the place. I'll definitely be going back since its not too far from my location. BTW, it is located next to the Sapphires entrance.
4	Located next to Sapphire "gentlemen's" club :] Not an issue for me, I just thought this was a stand alone restaurant & I had a little trouble finding it! I am pretty newly vegan (vegetarian for over 1 year & vegan about 2 months) so I ordered the veggie tacos sans dairy products with black beans & cilantro rice. Awesome!... until I got to the rice. It tasted buttery so I didn't eat it. I asked the waitress & she confirmed: the rice is made with butter BUT you can ask for it without butter. This was totally my bad as I didn't tell her I was vegan, I just assumed I made the dish vegan by removing the cheese. *lesson learned* The black beans were amazing! Way better than the refried pinto beans. Order them if you can! The veggies in the taco were very fresh & had great flavor. They give you chips & a trio of salsas to start off with. The salsas, even the hottest one, could be hotter but that's just my opinion. I'm sure they are plenty hot to some.Also had the watermelon water; it was so refreshing! They change those daily, I think. They had other flavors listed but today they only had watermelon. I will absolutely come back & I will make sure to tell them I'm vegan! The staff & chef are very accommodating!
4	The food was delicious! I recommend this place for anyone that's looking for great tasting organic Mexican food.  Thanks for the great customer service Kai.
5	The Al Pastor and grilled Mahi tacos are incredible!  Great food and atmosphere.  Go check it out!
5	The food here is great!  Also love the fact that they use all Non - GMO products! Great selection of Tequilas,  I believe over they said over 100. Poco is an awesome chef, very friendly, loves what he does. Thank you for the great experiences there every time I go. Must try the Flan!
5	So I came here since a good friend referred me to it. The restaurant has been open for 2 months so fairly new. Love the restaurant ambiance, dim lighting, sugar skulls, very comfortable seats, big tv's for the bar, and great selection of tequila. We sat down at the bar and had Jessy as our server/bartender I believe. Very knowledgeable, we came in for happy hour which is 3-6 pm, $1 street tacos , 3 dollar domestic beers, 4 dollar imports, and 4 dollar well drinks. All beers are in bottle, no draft beer here.  They ask you if you would like any chips and salsa they give you 3 types of salsa mild, med, and hot. All 3 were very good.For the tacos I had 1 of each they have 5 types. Top 3 are the Carnitas, alpastor, and cochinito. Get those 3 and you will be extremely happy, especially paying 1 dollar each. The Margarita was decent but not bad.  We got 7 street tacos, 1 domestic beer, 1 margarita, beans and rice and only paid 19.47 so yeah I definitely think this place earns 5 stars.
5	So delicious!It is kind of in an odd location but once inside you would not know who there neighbor was next door. The inside is very clean, kind of dark but overall good ambiance. The employees were all very nice. The GM personally came over to our table to introduce herself and was very inviting. She gave us her business card to let her know what we thought of the place. I thought that was very nice, it definitely gives you the feeling that the employees care about the restaurant.As for the food, I had the veggie tacos they were so flavorful you would have no idea that they did not contain meat. The rice was just ok. The re-fried beans were perfect.They do bring chips and salsa to the table like other places but what sets them apart from most is that they give you 3 different salsas to try. It's great having a place that actually has a spicy salsa, so many place the salsa is just basic and bland not here. I am looking forward to coming back and trying more items from the menu as they really have a large selection to choose from.
4	I almost don't want to write a review, so that I can keep this my own secret place. Loved everything. Fantastic service, starting in the parking lot and ending with a personal visit from the chef. They made the guac and margaritas at the table fresh for us. All organic and gmo free. Great flavors, great prices. I've never had flan that I liked before, until we tried the chef's grandmother's recipe. Yum! A little hard to find, just go to the north valet parking lot entrance of the strip club...open 24 hours. I will be back! (The only thing I wish was that the TVs not be in the dining room...bar is understandable,  but they distract from the lovely red silk wallpaper and ambiance of the dining room)
5	Quality ingredients and real flavor make this my new favorite Mexican restaurant.  Prices are very reasonable and a visit to our table by the Chef made for a great experience.  Street tacos, table side guacamole, and a whole lot more.  It's all about flavor.
5	Some of the best local restaurants are off the strip, just like this one. Next to Sapphire Club, El Dorado is a large and lovely restaurant with food that I would call gourmet Mexican. (No sloppy sauces or refried beans here).Had lunch here with a friend but I'm thinking this would be a great place for group happy hour or a dinner with a small group. Tried the table side guacamole dip (their nacho chips are home made on site too), the waitress made the dip without onions per my request! Gourmet shrimp taquitos were what taquitos should be. The flan was s u p e r b (brought an extra one home)!
5	Stopped by today for the first time to this establishment.  Drove passed it twice before I finally found the place.  For those going for the first time, if you're standing under Sapphire's awning looking at its front door, El Dorado Cantina's door is a mere 20 feet to the left, part of the same structure.  With that said, once inside, it has zero resemblance/association to Sapphire (as far as I could tell).I was greeted pleasantly by two hostesses, one of which went out of her way to try to find the baseball game I wanted to watch.  My server was nice and efficient, too.I had the street taco plate, al pastor.  The tortillas were delicious as were the contents.  And I actually ate the side of beans and rice.  Normally I don't because other places put too much salt in them, but these were good.I liked the decor - lots of booths with leather seating, and high bar tables with leather seating, too.But most importantly the food was good and at a good price: $2.50 for a fountain coke, $7.50 for tacos al pastor.  Lunch for 10 bucks!Would go back.
5	Worth the walk :) And nothing slutty going on here.  Now my favorite Mexican restaurant.  Staying at the Blue Moon Resort, I was looking for a place to dine within walking distance.  The Mood at the Artesian looked too busy,  so I consulted with Yelp.  El Dorado Cantina came up as the next closet place.  So I got brave and walked over (25 minutes) to here.  When I arrived,  I was in front of Sapphire (The World's Largest Gentleman's Club). As a gay guy,  I was very hesitant to approach the building :) The entrance is separate of the gentleman's club.  The first booth I saw,  had a couple with their children.  Very professional and courteous staff.  Food is excellent,  and not greasy like many Mexican restaurants. A very personal touch was to see the chef out visiting the patrons.  Be sure to try the flan,  it will send you off in bliss.  So glad I came in.  Will be back,  next time I am LV.  Hope you enjoy also. headed back to my hotel,  will grab a taxi - there's plenty out front.  Not to mention that there is also plenty of parking,  if you are driving...
5	I'm hesitant to hype it up too much and let the cat out of the bag, but this place is easily one of the best-kept secrets in Vegas right now. The only thing to complain about is the location, as it shares a building and parking lot with the infamous Sapphire strip club. Sure, El Dorado Cantina has a separate entrance from "the world's largest gentleman's club," but the walk up to the front door can be a little awkward if you're with children, a first date, your parents, or a business acquaintance -- especially if they're the opposite sex. Trust me, though -- Once you walk inside, you'll totally forget there's nothing but a red wall that separates the restaurant from 70,000 sq ft of topless women.Previously a sushi house, El Dorado Cantina has been totally upgraded and remodeled and now features a sophisticated decor with a cool vibe and a great ambiance. The interior includes rich brown woods, hand-woven red wall coverings, several antique-looking mirrors, and wrought-iron light fixtures with soft lighting. The bar also offers more than 100 tequilas, Horchata, multiple types of sangria, and several house-made juices including pineapple, hibiscus, watermelon and more. The great food and exceptional service are what truly distinguish this restaurant from other Mexican spots, however. Chef Paco routinely visits the tables to speak with his patrons and many of the items are prepared table side for your pleasure (including the margaritas and guacamole). I've tried a different menu item each time I've dined here and truly enjoyed everything I've experienced.The flavors in the food really pop out and make a profound statement, and I guarantee you'll have a hard time deciding what to eat after you read the extensive and enticing menu. I've visited El Dorado Cantina multiple times and dined with groups as large as 15, yet I've never heard anything but compliments from my friends and colleagues. This Mexican restaurant is a definite palate pleaser.
5	This is my weekly lunch spot. ESPN on the tvs and the staff is very friendly. The chef comes out and greets every guest during their meal. I've been several times now and try something new in each visit. My favorite item: Carnitas Street Tacos. 3 huge tacos that taste delicious. Get the green salsa w/ chips and mix with their rice. You'll love it.
3	The location, ambiance and service is wonderful and the food  is better than most Mexican restaurants in town.  I am comparing it to any other Mexican restaurant because they adulterate many of the non-gmo and organic ingredients advertised.Disappointing.
5	This place is great. Eat here if you can. I had the veggie burrito.  Best burrito in vegas for sure.
5	Great place great food everything about this place is great everyone there is friendly and welcoming food is awesome and delicious really authentic Mexican food love that the chef paco comes out of the kitchen to say hello... Don't let it deceive you that us next to a gentlemen's  club very family friendly
5	I tried this place for the first time with some friends a few days ago after having it bookmarked seeing some friends checking in. I knew it was on industrial so I knew it was around the strip clubs but I had noo idea it was right next to Sapphire in the same building but a seperate entrance to the side of Sapphire's entrance closest to the street. How funny! I was thinking oh no what did I drag my friends into lol But once we entered, we were shocked at how nicely everything was decorated. Modern and clean, definitely a nice atmosphere for date nights! I loved the rose textured accent walls and bar seating.Our server Raphael was really friendly, funny and gave us great recommendations to try since it was our first time. He let us know that they have not even had their Grand Opening yet so I was surprised at the amount of reviews this place had! He also let us know that their food was Non-GMO and were vegetarian & gluten free friendly!  Even better! We were brought free chips and 3 different salsas to start and I loved the flavor and kick that the salsas had. We went with Raphael's recommendation of the Shrimp Taquitos to start and we were glad we did. Good sized shrimp and we loved the chipotle ranch dressing that was served on top. My boyfriend and friend's boyfriend both ordered the Al Pastor Tacos which came with cilantro rice and refried beans and they were amazing! Definitely going to get those next time. Big flavors of pineapple and lime! Yum! The rice was also super fluffy and the beans were fresh and had great flavor as well. I went with the Chicken Enchiladas and my friend went with the Seafood Enchiladas. We loooved the green tomatillo sauce that came served on both. We're used to a thinner consistency in the sauce so we were pleasantly surprised at the creaminess it had along with the chile flavor. Also, there was a lot of chicken and seafood in our enchiladas. Definitely not on the skimpy side! We finished our meal with an order of Tres Leches,  which Raphael warned was a little on the small side but since we only wanted a small taste, no problem. The cake was served on top of the creamy sauce instead of having been soaked in it and it was a nice twist on the classic Tres Leches. Great flavors for this as well. This place is definitely 5 stars! Amazing service, authentic food that won't break the bank and a great atmosphere! The only thing that would make this place better would be if it wasn't basically attached to a strip club lol but others might say that's a pro instead of con!Can't wait to come back and try their drinks and signature dishes! :)
5	First time visit..Went with a group of 28 friends to celebrate Mexican Independence day. They gave us free sangria and tequila shots :)Live mariachi band for entertainment.The guacamole made at table side by Kendell is to die for. This is an excellent Mexican restaurant. The location (to the left of Sapphire's entrance) is a little weird, but not a problem.Had great company, great food and drink. Would definitely go back again.I asked the woman at the front desk if I could borrow her Mexican Sombrero for some pictures. When I went to return it she told me  to take it home :))
5	We came for Mexican Independence Day last night, and we hit a home run!  We had a very large group, and even though they booked another group over us in the back room, they still accommodated us in the front of the restaurant.   The wait staff was pretty good, especially considering the size of our group. They gave us pitchers of sangria on the tables for free. It was nice, but it was pretty watered down, which made it very light. They also had complimentary tequila shots on the hour. I think this was for the whole house, and not just for our party. Towards the end, Chef Paco came out, and greeted everyone. I took a picture with him and then he made me take another one with a Sombrero. Too fun!!Ok....now for the food...I ate GRASSHOPPERS!!!!   They have them on their appetizer menu, and someone got an order.  They ordered the garlic lime, but there is a habanero version too. I was proud of myself for eating them...I actually thought it was pretty uneventful. I was worried after the crunch, there would be a squish of guts, but there wasn't. It was just crunchy and tasted like garlic lime.  For the rest of my meal, I got the table side Guacamole, which was good. I tasted someone's Shrimp Taquitos and they were delicious. And my main meal was the Mahi Mahi Tacos minus the mango salsa. I put some of my fresh guacamole on them instead. The fish was cooked perfectly and flavorful. Oh yeah...The rice was amazing!!!!  I ate every bit of it, but was too full to eat both tacos. I will definitely be back!!!! Loved this place!!!!
5	Awesome all around spot for lunch or dinner. Tacos are amazing! I love the cochinitas (pork) the best. Habanero on top makes them perfectly spicy :) Enchiladas are awesome too. Really nice staff all around. Great location near the strip and they offer take out as well.
4	Located literally next to the main entrance of Sapphire Gentlemen's Club, it might look daunting at first.But once you're inside, it just feels like a really nice restaurant.Items selected:- Signature mahi tacos- Signature shrimp tacosBoth came with rice and beans, and the quality was great. Chips came with three sauces - habanero, roasted tomato and salsa verde.As seen on the billboard they tout no-GMO ingredients, but it doen't mean anything unless it tastes good. Good news is - it does!I'm impressed - now they are officially one of my favorite Mexican (though Americanized) restaurants in Vegas, on par with Imperial Tacos & Beer.
4	First you've got to look for the strip club. There's no way to get around it: this trendy, swanky restaurant is connected to Sapphire's Gentleman's club. Yes, they even share the same parking lot, and the entrances are just a few feet apart. It was a bit unnerving at first to see elderly couples and young children heading towards the strip...er, I mean Mexican restaurant.Ok, so now you have the location down, let's talk about the experience: walking into this place is truly enchanting. The word that comes to mind is sexy: from the silky-satin rose wall decor to the dark wood tones to the sumptuous and inviting leather couches and booths. My aesthetic expectations were certainly exceeded.My friend and I came here to celebrate Mexican independence day (no, I'm not Mexican, but I do LOVE tequila), and El Dorado was offering free tequila shots every hour on the hour for 24 hours along with food specials. Bonus points for a creative promotion! We ensconced ourselves on one of the sexy leather couches, and were pleasantly surprised with the annotated menu which indicates which items are designated GF-gluten free, V-vegetarian they indicated their non-GMO mantra. So far, so pleased! The manager Arianna came over and greeted us, and Chef Paco checked on us as well. I love it when the chef steps out of the kitchen to greet the customers he's serving!  Both of them were quite accommodating, but our server was a bit absent minded. He neglected to deliver our tequila shots at the top of the hour, forgot to return with the limes we'd requested, and didn't really check on us after we tasted our food.We ordered the tableside  guacamole because it seemed like a good idea. Our server indicated that he was not the type who smiles  (this, after I told him I'd be taking a photograph). I got him to laugh and snapped the picture at the right moment. Unfortunately the guac desperately needed salt, and there was none to be found anywhere near  our table. We were finally able to get some seasonings after we flagged down our server.I liked the presentation of trio of salsas, but the salsa verde was the only flavor I really enjoyed. The street tacos and the chicken tinga tostadita were lovely in presentation, but the chicken was cold.  I ordered a margarita, and it was made with agave syrup. It was ok, but didn't give me any thrills.I really want to love this place, and the attentive manager and chef make me want to come back. They're still new, and it's obvious that they need to work out a few minor details with the food, but this place has loads of potential.5 star decor and a sexy vibe make me want to return.  Next time I'll try the entrees.Mexican independence day was a success thanks to El Dorado Cantina.   I almost forgot they shared a common wall with a strip club. This place is a refreshing change from the greasy Mexican restaurants. Please keep up the creative promotions!
5	I was here in Vegas for vacation and I found this restaurant with the best Mexican food!! I love the chilaquiles, the green sauce was just perfect. My friends got the chicken Milanese, gorditas, empanadas.. The salsas are most delicious, LOVE the green one (perfect spicy) the service is great and the people really lovely. Thank you so much we'll be back for sure in the next trip.
3	Food is good, service is good. Is it great??? No, not really....We had the shrimp taquitos as an appetizer it was good, I wish they had put more sauce on top.I had the cochinita tacos, and one carne asada taco (free with yelp check in, if you order a drink)The cochinita tacos were good, I didn't like the carne asada, it was so dry.....My husband had the Fried Huachinango (whole fried fish), he said it was good, but had definitely had better.
5	went there on a saturday night on Sept 20., the place ROCKS!!!, the interior is a classy surprise when you walk in, we actually dined at the bar.  had the Tostaditas de Tinga and Shrimp Taquitos for apps, the chicken Tostaditas may have been the best thing we ate there, delicious, moist and flavorful...the shrimp taquitos were good as well, wish there had been more sauce.  for dinner my wife has the Carne Asdada (tasty, moist and a bit zingy) and I had the Carnitas tacos, probably the least impressive thing we had, but ok nonetheless.  they surprised us with a Flan before our ordered deseret, it was AWESOME delicious, perfect consistency and accented with a bit of whipped cream on the side.  our regular dessert were the Churros, awesome!!!!! with a pleasant surprise in the middle.  the chocolate sauce was good but the caramel sauce was spectacular! do yourself a favor, get off the strip, save some money and get to this place for a dinner one evening.  thank me later!!!!
5	I love me some Mexican food. I have had a lot of friends tell me that this is the best Mexican food in Las Vegas, so I have to try it. Upon entering the restaurants the door is right next to the entry door for sapphires Gentlemans club. But once you're inside you don't even know or notice that your next to a strip club. so don't let that stray you away from coming here. The food was absolutely delicious, it is probably the best Mexican food that I've had in Las Vegas. Everything from the appetizers to the dinner to the dessert was amazing. The waitstaff was really nice, everything was fast, friendly, the restaurant is very clean. I will definitely be coming back here.
5	Authentic Mexican with regional signature plates. Over 100 Tequilas as well. The food is exceptional quality with organic, GMO-free, and consideration of dietary restrictions/choices like Vegan and gluten free. May I suggest the Pulled Chicken tacos or burrito or the Signature plate Pork Mole Verde. I tasted the best sipping Tequila I have ever had in US or Mexico. It was so nice to eat great food served up by super friendly servers and find a restaurant in Las Vegas that has a conscience. Support this movement, and if you don't care where your food comes from or the impact it has on our planet getting to our over full mouths, then go here anyway...THE FOOD IS OUTSTANDING!!!
5	I'm starting to wonder why the best yet cheapest meals in Vegas are found next door/ across the street from a strip club. Not that there is something wrong with that - we all need to eat. Well, this one is right next door to Sapphire which I avoid like the plague since I know somebody who works here and I think it's just awkward to see somebody you know but not romantically involved with without their clothes on. The place has a cozy lounge-y feel. Make sure you enter the left door if you want tacos on a plate. The right door has dancing naked tacos. I tried all of their street tacos. They were all good but some stood out more than the others.Al Pastor Taco:Marinated pork with cilantro, pineapple, onion and lime. Eaxctly like what you'll find on the streets. 5/5Carne Asada Taco:Marinated steak with guacamole, onion, lime and cilantro. The steak was so tender and well-seasoned. It's a safe choice. 5/5Carnitas:Braised pork wih guacamole, onion, lime and cilantro. Juicy and dripping wet. 5/5Pulled Chicken:Marinated chicken with onions, spices and pico de gallo. Chicken tacos tend to be boring and blah but this one was very tasty, tender, perfectly cooked and not dry. 4/5Cochinita:Slow-roasted pork marinated in achiote with pickled habanero and onions. This  one definitely stood out. It seemed tame like a Catholic school girl but once you dig deeper, it's crazy! You'll be all hot and sweaty by the time you're done. 5/5Cantaloupe Aguas Fresca:This is easy to make at home but sometimes, I just don't feel like making anything at home. Their drink specials change everyday.  Since it wasn't horchata day, I got this instead. a drinkable form of cantaloupe. 4/5I tend to get sick when I eat street tacos. Considering I had good tacos from here and didn't get sick, I would have to say I found my safe taco haven. "Honey, I was only parked at Sapphire to eat some tacos" would be a true and accurate statement if you go to El Dorado.The service was great. There was only one server at lunch time when we went taking care of at least 5 tables including ours. But she was always smiling and seemed to like what she was doing. The chef also came out to talk to diners and get their feedback.
5	Interesting Fact: The father owns Sapphire Gentleman's Club and his son owns El Dorado Cantina - that's why they share the same massive blue Sapphires building. Don't worry, you can still come here with nana and little Tommy - El Dorado's entrance and dining room is separate from Sapphires and just a couple of steps to the left of the strip club's entrance. Parking: If you see the massive blue glowing Sapphires building, you're at the right place. Turn into their parking lot, try to dodge the shitty cab drivers all lined up at Sapphires and snag yourself a parking spot right in front. I'm embarrassed to admit this, but ever since I moved here from Southern California, I pretty much wrote off Mexican cuisine, until now. I've had way too many terrible experiences and disappointments - I couldn't find any of the juicy and spicy flavors I was looking for.Well, that all changed when I tasted El Dorado's trio of salsas, I knew from the very first bite, that my dinner would follow suit with how incredible the salsas tasted. They have 3 different spice levels mild (roasted green tomatillo), medium (charred chipotle), and crazy spicy (habanero). They don't mess around here! The spicy habanero salsa had lots of smashed chunks of habanero chilies; so let this be your warning, it's spicy but also so damn flavorful. I didn't have a favorite because they were all so incredibly flavorful. The best salsas I've had in a while. Flavor rating: 5/5Here's what we ordered:Tostaditas de Tinga $5.50 (Gluten Free) - Flavor rating: 5/5You can order these from the small bites/appetizers menu and they are crazy good! Super moist and flavorful chipotle marinated chicken with grilled onions, served over fresh crispy tostadas, topped with flavorful refried beans, queso fresco, sour cream, and (mild red) salsa cascabel - comes with 3 for $5.50 or $2.75 during happy hour! It looks simple, but the flavors are explosive! Top them with any one (or all) of the trio salsas they give you, for an extra added wow! Al Pastor $9.50 - Flavor rating: 3/5Marinated pork with pineapple chunks, cilantro, onion & lime. Comes with three tacos per platter, served with moist and perfectly seasoned cilantro rice & your choice of refried or black beans - get the refried beans! Typically, I wouldn't care for beans, but they're very moist and packed with amazing flavor. They aren't the best or most authentic al pastor tacos I've ever had, but the tacos were very moist and everything on the plate tasted freshly prepared. The al pastor meat was a tad mild in flavor and spices for my taste. Yet, everything else on the dish was seasoned perfectly. Chicken Enchiladas $13.50 - Flavor rating: 4/5Slow cooked chicken breast marinated in chiles, wrapped in fresh corn tortillas & cheese, topped with mild and flavorful green tomatillo sauce, sour cream & queso fresco. Served with delicious and well seasoned cilantro rice & your choice of refried or black beans. The portion size is generous and filling. We enjoyed the flavor of the moist enchiladas and with added dollops of salsa of each bite. We also tried the Strawberry Agua Fresca. It was refreshing and not too sweet, but I think it was slightly watery for my preference. It's still perfect for warm weather, spicy food and I enjoyed it. Flavor rating: 3/5I'm a huge fan of this place! The chef truly shines at his talent and you can really taste the care that went into each preparation. I can tell it's been taste-tested before served and I'm a fan of restaurants that pride themselves in quality control. Plus, the service we received from KAI that evening was top-notch. He went above and beyond to make sure we were well taken care of. Other important details: Happy Hour twice a day:* 3pm - 6pm - $1 street tacos, 1/2 off bottled domestics & wells* 11pm - 2am - 1/2 off all appetizers, 1/2 off bottled domestics & wellsPro tip: during the day it's more-so family friendly and during the late-night-owl hours and onward, there is more of a mature crowd with a sprinkle of girls off the clock grabbing their dinner after work.
4	Awesome dinner in a strip club...not really in the club but in the building.  service was outstanding and everyone of us loved the carne asada and carnitas.  I'd go back just for quest fundido with mushrooms alone,  really enjoyed the experience.
5	Amazing food and great decore. Friendly staff, would highly recommend the restaurant.
5	When I arrived I wondered what I was getting myself into since the place is attached to a strip club. I was hesitant to walk in but was very surprised at the atmosphere. It was like any other restaurant, nothing to do with the business next door. The head chef came out several times to see if we enjoyed our food, Chris was also very friendly with making our table side guacamole. Everything we tried was so good, it's hard to find good mexican restaurants but this is one of a kind. You have to try it.
5	Lemme tell you something. This place is a non blood diamond diamond in the ruff/rough. Which is a diamond of diamonds if u ask me :)The place is very CONSCIOUS and GREATLY PRICED and totally ORGANIC, non-gmo, with great vegan optionsMy bf and I got the veggie burrito and it was delish. The pulled chicken street taco was soo fluffy the chicken was YUMMY in my mouth! And the seafood enchilada was YUM. Tho the sauce on top was a bit spicy.
5	This place is amazing. Period.Non GMO and 95% organic? And open 24 hours? Best Mexican food in Vegas hands down..
5	Awesome awesome awesome. Period. Come here. All your mexican food needs and more. Organic and non gmo.. my kind of place. Kai and Rafael were very welcoming and went above and beyond to give great service.
5	Food was FANTASTIC! Great Mexican food and the atmosphere is great. I would definitely come back. They have industry night on Tueadays starting at 5PM.. Who is coming with me?!The only downside was it was hard to find. They need a sign on industrial road.
5	Wow this place is great! Best mexican I've had in Vegas, by far. Got a Bloody Mary, hooooo boy was that delicious. Also don't underestimate the power of the free taco coupon. 30 minutes later and I am still feeling the aftershocks of deliciousness rumbling through every fiber of my body. Yes, tacos.
5	Delicious! Nice change from the average food on the strip! Don't miss It!! Located on the north side of the Sapphire club. There isn't a sign yet so keep your eyes open.Chef Paco is wonderful!! And the flan is awesome!!
5	I haven't had Posole this good since I visited New Mexico and Colorado. It packs such a heavy flavor. The street tacos (I had the Al Pastor) were absolutely amazing with cliantro and lime infused rice. I also tried the Red Sangria (I know, not a Margarita?) and I can't wait to just get a pitcher of it next time. But what really impressed me was the Flan. Hands down the best flan I've had. It was light and yet so creamy. Not too sugary but just enough to satiate and satisfy. Tiffany was serving my boyfriend and I and she was so nice. Exemplary service. Chef Paco table touched us and the pride he took in his menu is commendable. Homemade recipes he's willing to share and I respect the time he took to talk with us. We will be back and we're bringing friends with us. :)
2	I was skeptical to eat here after I saw desserts garnished with maraschino cherries and many of the dishes garnished with chips.There location is right next door to a strip club so I think they may have recruited some of their employees. As soon as we were seated the chips were brought out. I like a Mexican restaurant where they bring out the chips before you have to ask. The chips were a mix of blue and yellow. I found this very tacky especially because they claim to be an "upscale" Mexican restaurant. I was not thrilled with any of the salsas, in particular the yellow one which had no flavor only heat. I ordered the albondigas soup, lettuce wraps, and steak & shrimp fajita platter. The broth of the soup was subtly seasoned but the vegetables in the soup were cut sloppily, and the meatball was dry and flavorless. Accompanying the soup was a pile of chips, why would I need more chips when you give unlimited baskets of chips? The lettuce wraps were difficult to eat because the guacamole was on the bottom making the lettuce wrap bottom heavy. Guacamole tasted like mashed up avocados with no type of seasoning. The fajita platter looked like a typical fajita platter. The guacamole was flavorless and the sour cream was so runny that I doubt it's homemade. Steak was well cooked albeit salty and the shrimp were jumbo in size but not deveined. And once again, the black beans were garnished with a chip. I can't see why this is considered an upscale Mexican restaurant except for the decor.
4	Pretty good!
5	I absolutely recommend this place. The service was amazing and the food is delicious. It's always a comforting to know that restaurants are providing fresh ingredients. Chef Paco also came out to meet us and make sure our experience was going great. He is a phenomenal chef with creative creations. He brought samples on the house to try new items which were delicious as well. Even if you're skeptical, I highly recommend giving them a try because they won't disappoint.
4	We passed this place because it's attached to the Sapphire. When we realized where it actually was, we almost didn't go in. Surprisingly, though, almost everyone dining at ED was what I would call a "normal"--i.e., not a recent visitor to the Sapphire.Short story: Do not be dissuaded by the Sapphire. ED has Excellent Mexican food. We had one of each of the street tacos, as well as guacamole and a salad.  Everything was high quality, particularly the al pastor and cochinita tacos.  The chips weren't great, but otherwise, everything was very good. For those who care, the place is very nice on the inside.  They seem to have a lot of specials--happy hour, etc--so much so that the servers forget some of them.  In fact, our $1 tacos special didn't actually make it onto our ticket. This strikes me as the kind of place that, in a different city, might have started out as a well-loved food truck and then transitioned into a better spot than where it actually ended up. (I wish that it were in downtown, for example.) That being said, we'll definitely be back.Chef Paco came by our table, and seemed genuinely excited about his food.  I think he has every reason to be.
4	FYI - park in the same parking lot as the strip club as this restaurant is literally located right next it.  Strip clubs aren't my thing, but if it's yours and you also enjoy good Mexican food, then why not come here and kill two birds with one stone.  Their food is of good quality, not greasy like some Mexican places.  With that said, the pulled chicken tacos entree was quite tasty.  It was flavorful, but not overly salty or spicy.  The refried beans and cilantro rice complement each other and the tacos nicely.  Also, they make guacamole fresh in front of you so you can choose which ingredients to add or omit.  Service was impeccable!  Would definitely come back.
5	My favorite Mexican food in Vegas. Don't let it being next to sapphires scare you. The atmosphere is subtle and comfortable. The food is all non gmo which is hard to find in Las Vegas. The executive chef Pako is always dedicated to the food and customers. I highly recommend this place and tell everyone about it
4	Non-GMO and Organic are important to me, as I eat this type of food back home. So while in Las Vegas, I had to try this place out because it fit the bill. Pulling into the parking lot on a Saturday night - it was confusing. Where do we go in?  Finally seeing the entrance on the side of the building, we knew we were in the right lot.Walking in, we weren't sure *IF* we were in the strip club side or a restaurant. Realizing after the fact, a wedding had occurred and the wedding party was in the bar part of the restaurant, all dressed up making us feel like street bums.  Being escorted to the back past the DJ and the wedding party, there were a few small tables.  It was still very loud, but we gave it a try.The food is AMAZING. Very good Habanero salsa, and we had the Al Pastor Street Tacos and Chicken Enchilada. Both had great flavor, good portion sizes and all the salsa you wanted to put on the food as well as eat with the chips. The food really is amazing. That's the reason for the 4 stars. I think next time we'll opt for carry out, and hope it survives the trip back to the hotel.  The only redeeming quality of this entire experience was our server Miguel, and the quality of the food.But I have to say I have never been seated by a person wearing fish net stockings and lingerie. Hours later, I still can't shake the most bizarre dinner experience I have ever had in my life.  Blaring bad 80's music, drunk wedding party antics, Nascar on the big screen, and women walking around in lingerie? I guess that's why they say what happens in Vegas......
5	AMAZING FOOD!!!! We went with a big group for a friends birthday and we were blown away. I recommend the white sangria.Can't wait to get back and stuff my face
5	Came to check out El Dorado Cantina because my friends had told me how good the food was and that it is organic and also read great reviews. The restaurant is really nice when you walk in the red rose walls were very nice loved how dim the lights were and the music playing. Very nice!! We ordered the Tinga tostadas for an appetizer they were Delicious!  They werent too spicy just perfect. We also ordered the Al pastor tacos the flavor was on point loved the pineapple chunks in it.  We ordered the shrimp tacos those were really good as well loved how they put guacamole in them so much flavor in your mouth. And the Chef recommended that we had the flan for the desert his grandmas recipe . It was delicious I have to give it to his grandma it has to  be the best flan ive tried. But overall i loved the food the place was great and the customer service was perfect . i will recommend it to friends and family .
5	C'mon...this is why I use yelp! I NEVER would've found this place without yelp. It's a tough location off strip, basic adjoining the Sapphire Gentleman's Club. It wouldn't have been a first choice except for the positive reviews and photos on yelp. I had my phone telling me I arrived at my destination, yet there was no signage other than the club. I was about to leave until I saw the small awning and sign above the door. Thank God I found it, So, enough about the location, let's get to eating!First off, it was Sunday lunch time during football and our server Kelsey tells us that all street tacos were a buck a piece. A BUCK A PIECE! BEST DEAL IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN! I had 3 Conchinita Pibil and 3 Carne Asada. (I was STARVING) and my wife had the Conchinita Pibil with rice and beans. Kesley advised that instead of getting the combo from the menu, to have her order it with the special so it would be cheaper. Um, Okay...thanks!We immediately get our drinks and chips with three salsas, verde, roasted red, and habanero. This is generally our first test with a Mexcian restaurant and they passed with flying colors. Spicy and deep in flavor. Just the way we like it. We they had Kelsey bring out our table side guacamole. Now, we've had this a several restaurants before, but this may have been my favorite. She started by taking whole cloves of garlic and grinding them into the bowl. She asked what we wanted to add and if we wanted i spicy. Of course, add it all! Cilantro, onion, tomato, and serrano peppers. Perfectly seasoned, creamy, spicy...awesome guac! Just as we're digging in to the guac, out comes our lunch, delivered personally by Chef Paco. He's a warm, charming, and obviously a passionate chef. There is a lot of love in his food and you can tell he appreciates his customers.The food is outstanding. The carne asada had a nice char and was obviously marinated in some citrous concoction. Delicious! The conchinita has been slow roasted with achiote paste and has pickled onion and habaneros as a garnish. PORK HEAVEN! I think this may have been my favorite taco of all time. The rice and beans are good as well, but I'm too busy stuffing myself with tacos.Somehow I actually kill the whole plate.Kelsey has been a very attentive server throughout our meal, refilling our drinks without waiting for us to ask, and being very friendly during our stay. She comes at the end of the meal and asks if we left room for dessert. Of course we didn't, but I'm not going to miss out if it's only half as good as dinner, it's going to be amazing. We ordered flan, which would be my first choice as I'm not usually a big fan. Kelsey returns with the flan along with Chef Paco. This time he's carrying a tres leches cake. He tells us, I heard you couldn't decide on dessert so I'm bring you this one on the house. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Of course this seals the deal making it the best lunch I can remember having in Las Vegas. The food...AMAZING....but when you get service that matches and even exceeds the food, you've got something special. Do not hesitate to get to this spot if you're in Vegas! Chef Paco and Kelsey, we'll be back on our next trip for sure!
5	Awesome healthy food, tremendous service. Organic and Non-GMO
5	I recently celebrated my birthday here and I can honestly say it was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. From the food, to the service and finally the entertainment, solid 5 star experience all the way.As advertised on the menu the food is all organically grown and they are very selective in what they use. In fact that very day they had brought in some specific type of chiles that are only organically grown in Mexico. You taste it in the food.Our large group ordered practically everything on the menu and it was all great. The standout for me was the bacon wrapped shrimp which was stuffed with seafood. I pretty much o'deed on that. Everything was phenomenal mind you. Which included the desserts, (when I said we had everything on the menu, we kinda almost literally did). The desserts had the home made taste about them, especially the flan. It's hard to get a flan that has the right balance of sweetness and consistency, this place nails it!This being a "cantina" I have to put in my two cents about the drinks. They have all your standard Mexican beer and a wide assortment of craft domestics. The ladies in my party totally digged the margaritas as the mix is also made in house with organic ingredients.The head chef "Chef Paco" would regularly check in with all the customers and he is one funny S.O.B., part of the fun and entertaining atmosphere here.Would definitely recommend this venue for any special occasions or just for a night out. Making this spot my regular next time I'm in LV.
5	First things first: the door is hidden right next to the front door of the Sapphire Gentlemen's Club. A bit intimidating, especially when we drove around in circles looking for it, then entered to find a loud wedding party in the restaurant, and waitresses in red satin bustiers and fishnets--very Vegas, but it had us wondering, Is this part of the club? No! DO NOT BE DISSUADED!! The hostess assured us a quiet(er) seat in the back room, and that the wedding party was leaving soon. :) After the dubious entrance, we ordered margaritas and focused on the extensive menu. There weren't many people there; other than the yelp reviews it seems that there isn't much advertising for this place, and the waiter told us it had only opened a few months ago... but is open 24/7-- how dangerous!! Our waiter and all the staff gave excellent service throughout the evening. The maragaritas were poured at our table and were hands down some of the best I've had-- and I'm from SoCal so we know a bit about Mexican food... and drinks. The food was incredible, and I only hesitate a little when I say one of the best Mexican meals I've ever had. I had the street tacos (carnitas and chicken), and split a bowl of posole with my husband. I'm used to more watery posole; this had the richest and most flavorful broth I may have ever tasted. Each in my party of four people agreed that it was an exceptional meal. I know I'm bubbling over here, but after living on the East Coast for a long time, this place was literally an oasis in the desert. And the red velvet rose wallpaper is fabulous. Do not miss this restaurant. Or the flan.
5	Excellent food and service here! Kelsey, our server was great and super helpful. The chef is very gracious and we were lucky to meet him here. The salsas, guacamole and tacos are the best ever. Also, you have to try the delicious flan here. The recipe is  80+ years old and just unbelievably good! Totally made our trip to Las Vegas complete!
5	Great delicious food!! Thank you chef Paco for the authentic taste of the south! Absolutely the best Mexican cuisine in Vegas! Truly a  hidden gem!!!!
5	GREAT! Authentic mexican food with great service best dinning experience in Vegas 5 star for sure
5	Don't let the location fool you!! Find it, find it now, you will not be disappointed. Exec Chef Paco is well versed in a variety of regional Mexican cuisine. The 3 salsas that come with chips are fresh, authentic, and delicious! Great selection of ice cold Mexican beers and one of the best, handmade margaritas I have had in years and I'm from Texas!! Table side guacamole is made to taste and 100% simple fresh ingredients...fab. We had everything from beef fajitas, and taquitos to the more Mexican regional Cochinita Pibil (pork and chilies wrapped in banana leaf), homemade scratch mole (unbelievable...the real deal), and Pork Carnitas.  If you get the chance to meet Chef Paco ask him to tell you about his mothers recipes and do not miss his grandmothers 80 year old flan recipe, it's like velvet.Eldorado is Las Vegas' culinary temple to Mexican food. Well done Chef.One more thing, service is professional and attentive. Top notch. We had Jesse, you can tell he loves the food too!
5	On vacation from England, we wanted some great local Mexican food so I turned to Yelp. Saw this place and the excellent reviews so I decided to go. Indeed this is right next to the largest gentlemans club in the world but don't let that put you off. The food and service was amazing. We ordered the guacamole and was not expecting our server Tiffany to make it from scratch right on the table. The enchiladas were also fantastic. Chef Paco then came out to make sure the food was good and explained everything is made fresh which is why it tastes so good. Would totally recommend this place. Best to do what I did. Just tell your wife and friends your going out for Mexican and then see their faces when you pull up at a gentlemans club, priceless.
5	Food was amazing!!! Great authentic Mexican food. Chef Paco is so nice & takes time to greet each and every customer. Great staff...
5	So I have never written a review on yelp before but this place was so good I just had to. My wife and I were in Vegas for the weekend and went with two friends looking for some good Mexican food that wouldn't break the bank. This place had great reviews on YELP and so we were like let's do it. TRUST ME... Some of the best Mexican food I have ever had for such a good price. Please go and support this place. The owner/chef even came out an introduced himself to us and told us about his mother's recipes. Awesome. Great service. Great food. Great atmosphere. If you are staying in Vegas and don't want to eat at the expensive places at the hotels just go a little off the strip and hit this place up.
5	You've got to find this place. Seriously, take the time. It has no affiliation with Sapphire strip club, but it is attached.   Chef Paco is the real deal. He takes serious pride in his food. Chorizo fundito was ridiculous. Margaritas and carne Asada were brilliant. Add in the mariachi and it was a perfect evening. The fresh salsas and chips kept coming long after I was full.... And save room for his mama's flan.
1	The other 4-5 star reviews here are very suspicious. Based solely on the Yelp reviews, a group of 4 of us went to dinner on Sunday night-very quiet inside, maybe 1/2 full with not one person sitting at the bar. We knew something was wrong when it took 15 minutes to get the chips and salsa and  a few chips were in the basket- not your typical "overflowing basket o chips" as is usually the case at a good Mexican restaurant. The salsa was actually quite good.That unfortunately was the highlight. It then took another 15 minutes to order drinks and Table Side Guacamole and place our entree order,After another 15 minutes and after us asking, we got our drinks- but no guac yet. We waited about 20 more minutes and asked for the check. Never got the guac and didn't care to wait for the entrees suspecting they'd be as bad as the service- plus we didnt want a 3 hour meal.Clearly they were understaffed, but we felt that the whole place did not live up to any of these suspicious Yelp reviews, It also looks nicer in the pictures than it really is- pretty cheaply decorated.On the cab ride back to our hotel we told the cab driver the reason we went was the reviews. He too said he recently went and had bad service that took forever and he has no idea how they got these reviews.One guy in our group was wary from the minute we pulled up and he was right- this place is just bad news. It is sitting on a skanky side street next to a strip club for a reason- most horny drunk guys wont care about a bad meal.
4	Oh my ghost chili salsa!!!!!    How did I ever live without it?!  It's changed my salsa life forever.  It's super spicy and has tons of fresh garlic in it.  The result is 3 glasses of water and a perma-grin wearing, fire breathing happy girl. We also ordered the guacamole and it was equally great. I find most guacamole at restaurants to be sub par and this was outstanding. The beans were great and the rice was fantastic too. Next time I'll have to dine in instead of getting take out so my enchiladas won't be soggy.Overall, I'm a fan!  The last time I was this happy with a Mexican restaurant I was living in LA.
5	Love, love,love this place! My best friend and I heard about this "Wine Down Wednesday " thing that they do so we gave it shot. OMG it was awesome! Cool atmosphere, great food, exceptional service. Gotta give a shout to our bartender, Daniel! The place was packed, but he never let our drinks sit empty. He was totally on point. We found out that they have MNF drink deals too. We will definitely be back!
5	My friends and I ate here for lunch today because I saw an ad for them in the paper and I read such great reviews online. I read one bad review & because of that, I wanted to see for myself because I LOVE good Mexican food!  (The bad review said,  "All the great reviews must be fake because the place looked nothing like the pictures.") The place looked exactly like them to me. ("The service was horrible.") Our service was excellent! Our waiter was great, the manager was great and the chef even came out and checked on us twice! He even gave us a free dessert! ("The food wasn't good.") Our food was delicious! I had carne asada street tacos, my friends had shrimp tacos and enchiladas. We were all very pleased with our meals. I'm very happy I found this place and will be returning often. I'm guessing the bad reviewer probably works at a competing restaurant nearby!
5	Ok I am only going to say this once!  Don't be thrown off by the location!  If you do you will be missing some of the best authentic mexican food in Las Vegas.  I went for lunch with a friend, we ended up getting Guac made table side.  It was fresh and flavorful without being overwhelmed with spices and citrus like some other restaurants.  We also ordered a side of wings.  They are perfectly cooked with a spicy chili sauce.  I usually like my wings naked with light sauce. But these wings are nicely coated with a light breading and just enough sauce that sticks to the wings coating them perfectly.  On your first bite you get a little taste of the sweet bbq sauce followed by a little bit of spice to finish it off.  Absolutely worth getting.I also ordered a bowl of Pozole soup.  This plate is a meal itself.  With pork, hominy, and some onion and lime its the perfect hangover remedy.  It comes with a side veggies, limes, chips, and roasted arbor salsa.  If you want to add a lot of heat to your soup just add in the bowl of salsa.  For the main course there are so many options to choose from.  I ended up picking the Carne Asada plate.  I should have taken a picture of this plate.  It was beautiful.  It was a perfect amount of rice and beans and a side of guac.  The steak was seasoned very well and cooked to perfection.  One of the best Carna Asada plates I have had in town.  I never got a chance to look at the drink menu do to all the food brought to the table I was pretty busy.  I did get to meet Chef Paco the Executive Chef.  Very nice man proud of the quality of dishes he creates.  He treated us to a dessert.  He brought out an order of Flan.  Normally Flan is not my choice of dessert, honestly I never really cared for the texture of it.  But this one was different the consistency of it was somewhere between a traditional flan and cheesecake.  It was amazing.  After all the food I had I could only manage to eat half. This is a great place for a quick bite to eat or a nice sit down meal.  Service was prompt and polite.  You can tell the employees are treated well and take pride in what they are doing.  Give El Dorado Cantina a chance and you won't be sorry.
5	Great Authentic Mexican Food!! Felt like i was eating food actually made at home! Chef Paco made the visit even better feels great to dine in at a restaurant have people like yourself greet you and make you feel like your at home!! Definitely will come back when i visit vegas and recommend it to all my friends n family!!
5	Beyond amazing food and service!  Phenomenal organic and gmo free fish, steaks, chips and salsa!  The fish tacos are wild caught and fresh!
4	El Dorado Cantina is making some really solid Mexican food in the area. I've enjoyed this spot every time I went here.I first saw this restaurant when I was driving around in the area, and just wanted to try something new. Even though it had just opened, I wanted to see if the high ratings were legit.It actually took me a few passes to find this restaurant. For some reason, it said that it was right where the Sapphires gentlemen's club was at, and I couldn't believe it. But once I pulled into the parking lot, it was indeed right next to Sapphires. But, keep in mind, these are 2 totally separate businesses.When walking in, you can tell that they put a lot of effort into making the dining room look amazing, and it does. The lighting, placement of tables, the bar area.. Everything was really thought out very well.The current happy hour menu is a lot different than the items I had before on my last visit. The new happy hour is $1 tacos, well drink, and cheap beer specials. I was able to order one of each of the street tacos, about 5 in all.While waiting for the tacos, we were given their chips and salsa. We were given a tomatillo salsa, a habanero , and chipotle one. The chipotle one was my favorite, I liked the smokiness of it. I also thought that the habanero one was really good, especially from the heat of the peppers.We ordered a guacamole and ghost chili salsa for some side dishes, both of which are made table side. The guacamole is great, and the server seasoned it extremely well. The ghost chili salsa was extremely spicy at first, but the more you eat it, the more you will get used to it. We couldn't eat it at first, but by the end of the night, it had been demolished.The tacos then came out. On happy hour, the street tacos are a really great deal. They are big and full of wonderful stuffs. My favorite of the evening was the al pastor taco. The sweetness of the pineapple contrasted with the smokiness of the tender pork. But, I have to say that all the tacos are really great.I would say that the prices are pretty good for what you receive, for the most part (except my friend didn't think the $17 shrimp cocktail was worth it). Happy hour is great here, so for those who want to give this place a shot, that would be the best time to go. The chef, Paco, was even kind enough introduce himself to us, and asked us how everything was, which we all thought was pretty good. If I'm in the mood for some upscale Mexican cuisine, but will still give you great value for how much you pay, El Dorado Cantina will be my spot!
5	Just amazing, I have traveled thru Mexico, (26 states) and experienced great food, but last night I had one of the most memorable meals ever. Cochinita Pibil its a very intricate and very delicate dish, well , I was surprised and very satisfied by the results Chef Paco came out with, aside from this fabulous item we had a very juicy Carne Asada to dream for. Congratulations!!!! Your food is so fresh and appetizing I had watery mouth through out my meal. Tinga tostadas were right on point, taquitos and salsas delicious, dessert,finger licking, drinks well executed and our waiter very well informed about the dishes, great service .Thank you for an amazing and  enjoyable evening.Chef PACO gracias!!!
5	This place is tucked away beside the Sapphire Gentleman's Club. Tasteful decor, great service (the general manager and chef each came to say hello) good food and generous margs all for a great price. There is a great selection for vegetarians, their produce and dairy is organic and the meat free range.
5	i love the environment and food is delicious! margaritas are so good too!! i also tried a Flan for dessert! i will definetly recomend this place! chef paco is awesome! so good customer service :)
5	Street tacos are so Damn good. I got the carne asada and carnitas while I was waiting for my togo order. Seriously amazing. I preferred the carne asada, but the carnitas wasn't bad. The salsa is also legit. I can't wait to try the rest of the food.
5	I tried the queso fundido(?)..not good. The carne asada burrito..pretty Damn amazing, and got the carnitas street tacos with rice and black beans for my wife. Also amazing. Well definitely be back here.
5	Wow... Amazing service! This is one of my favorite new spots in Vegas!Just a heads up, its right next to a strip club. So when I was pulling in the drive way the girls with me were wondering why I was talking them to a strip club lolI was surprised for a place next to a strip club the food was pretty good. They make fresh guac right at your table! They also have $1 street tacos from 3-6 and the rice is sooo mouthwatering delicious.We met the executive chef Paco who was really cool. He hooked it up with some free coupons for the next time we visit. Gave the girls 2 free flans which was literally the best flan I've had. It was soo thick, rich and creamy straight up the chef's grandmas recipe. He even gave us free passes to the strip club next door. We really feel like VIPs here :)
5	We chose to visit this place while visiting Las Vegas due to the positive Yelp reviews, and it didn't disappoint.  The chips were tasty, almost to the point of being addicting.  I had the steak lettuce wraps, which tasted amazing.  The steak was well flavored, tender and had absolutely no gristle.  The rice was perfectly cooked and buttery.  The service was great, and everyone was very friendly. The prices were fantastic, especially compared to everything on the strip. I'll be sure to stop by again the next time I'm in town!
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas. Don't let it's location scare you away. It is in no way affiliated with the club and the restaurant is very family friendly. The food is awesome and the great service made it that much better. I love how chef Paco interacts with his costumers and does everything he can to make his guests happy. Overall it was a great experience. For those of you trying to find this place it is next to the strip club. It was a little hard to see where the restaurant is at first but it's there.
5	With the funky Vegas-esque leather decor laden with mirrors & televisions located adjacent to a strip club you may be deceived into thinking this is not the farm-to-table, ethically sourced, non-gmo gem it is!  Picky eaters bring your best shot, Paco will answer with healthy flavorful Mexican food from recipes passed down through his family.  You will not need salt and pepper at your table everything is expertly seasoned to perfection.  The tri-fecta of salsas has a spice level for every palate,  Im a huge fan of the habanero (yellow means caution mi amigos) finally some heat!   Mahi tacos are out of this world!  Get the sweet Tiffany to wait on you, she is a doll!
5	The most amazing restaurant ever. Employees are amazing nd the chef, off the hook. Chef Paco is the most friendly person ever. Takes the time to come to the table and talk to us and ask us how outer experience was. He cares about the customers nd that our standards are met. I am a very picky eater nd the food here is amazing. The tacos nd the The enchiladas omg!!! You must try the flan and tres leches. A restaurant not only is great when the food is on point, but when you have good service nd a amazing chef, you will definitely come back. I live in San diego and I will definitely be returning... if I could I would score a higher score. This is my 1st review nd I don't take the time to write reviews but this place deserves my time......
5	Great decor lovely ambiance. Already planning trip #2 and #3. Shrimp taquitos and  tacos of Al Pastor were awesome and full of flavor. Definatly dip your chips in the spicy habenero salsa just a bit.
3	This place is A-OK. Yes, it's in the same building as Sapphires. Yes, there is a separate entrance. No, you do not get to see nekid boobies while you eat your tacos. No tacos and titties. We went to this joint last weekend with some friends. I have been really excited about this place for awhile. Seeing all of the awesome reviews and pictures. I will admit, I was a bit let down. The food was good, but it wasn't extraordinary.We had - Cochanitas Pibul - it was good, but it wasn't the strong flavor I was looking for.Carnitas - very tender, but again - the flavor lacked a little. Shrimp tacos - tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary.Margaritas - super sweet and they taste like they use a mix. Eh, I like mine tart with real lime and no mixes. We shared wings, the house guac and queso. The wings were pretty good, but the queso was a lump of melted cheese with chorizo that was in hard chunks with little spice. Ugh, I keep repeating myself. The guac was good but mediocre. I will say the Habanero was delicious. Super spicy and good flavor. The service was good and I loved the vibe and decor of the place. Overall, I would say it's good food but it's not the best Mexican I've had in town. It's more of like a nice Mexican place with a little above average taste for what you find in town. There are just a few places that really beat this place up on taste.
5	Conchinita Tacos and Mahi Mahi tacos this time around. Hint to the locals, Mondays is 50% off for ALL LOCALS!!
5	My favorite spot in town.  They're always having great deals, specials and events. Service is always good & Chef Paco comes out, always checking on his customers and asking about the food. The carne asada is amazing, awesome margaritas and tres leches is the best desert. I find out all their great deals and specials through FB....until Thursday, where I'll post about their tacos and beer for $19.99!
3	I only came here because I saw their huge billboard ad with "We Hate GMO!" I loved that. I'm anti Gmo and I wish more people were aware and cared. Anyway, I ordered the veggie burrito with a few adjustments. It's was okay, just not enough salt. I don't even like a lot of salt but they were very light with it. They get huge points because they have vegan and vegetarian options and they are GMO free. The chef is very nice. He came out and introduced himself. Also they are open 24/7...which is weird to me. Apparently they accommodate to the strip club next door. I just hope they don't end up losing money. One last thing, I wish the waitresses didn't have to dress so, *clears throat* traditional, to put it nicely. Do I really need to see all of that cleavage? It looks uncomfortable.
5	Let me start by saying the food is really great. As a vegetarian, finding a Mexican restaurant that I have many dishes to choose from is great. We started with table side guacamole and it was delicious. We followed this up with cheese enchiladas. The sauce was flavorful and had a kick. I would recommend the food to anyone. On a side note, the decor is great and the service was spot on. Kudos....
5	Omg! The best! My girlfriend and I have been coming almost every week. Chef Paco is awesome! The food and drinks are great. A plus: they have spanish dj nights on Fridays and Saturdays. Love this!
5	Having a great time at El Dorado enjoying Good  food and Good music. Definitely will recommend you to come.
5	My experience at this restaurant was amazing. The staff was very very welcoming. The drinks were amazing. Chef Paco even came out to the table so we can give him a thank you for his delicious creations. When I'm back in Vegas I will definitely be returning.
5	All you can eat street tacos this thursday is right around the corner. Hand made by the best chef in the world. Chef Paco of course
4	This is, well, kind of in a strip club. There's a large strip club and a little sign for el dorado.  I was apprehensive at fist, but so glad we went in. Great food, reasonable prices, great drinks
5	Great happy hour.  Buy one get one free margaritas and a dollar tacos.  I had tacos in Mexico and this place does it very well.
4	I can confirm the rumors.  As a long-standing fan of Mundo Haute Cuisine in the Las Vegas Design Center for the high end and Taco Y Taco for the low end but high quality, I have to admit that foodies should gather up outside a strip club to get Las Vegas's most reliable top quality mexican.  Wow, there.  I said it.  24 hour opening is great.  Only one star deduction for one reason.  Service can be a bit spotty here.I have been there when 5 different people asked me how things are going in 5 minutes - interrupting conversation and chewing each time (annoyed).  I have also waited to get my order taken way too long on other occasions.  They need to get the staffing right.  Once they do, this place is a rocket ship.  Also - note to management (and I hate to say this as a consumer): we want you to stay in business for a long long time.  Charge $1-2 more for every entree.  With reviews as top quality as this on yelp and everywhere, we are more concerned about your financial stability in the future than your pricing.  Favorites: Queso Flameado, Tableside Guacamole, Carne Asada, Tres Leches cake,
5	I recently went in for dinner and was extremely pleased with El Dorado! Our server Neil was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable on the menu. He suggested the street tacos which were amazing! Later, my guest and I were greeted by Chef Paco who came out to see how we were doing, and how we were enjoying the meal. It was really nice to see a Chef who came out and table touched. I felt this really illustrated his passion for his product and ensured that his guests were pleased with his products! All of the food tasted so fresh and was presented beautifully! We will be back again to this incredible restaurant!
5	Second time, same experience. Thank you to Chef Paco for another fabulous lunch! We were able to bring a local friend who had never been there before and he thoroughly enjoyed it as well. Killer street tacos for a buck a piece! Don't pass this place up if you're looking for Mexican food in Las Vegas. You won't be disappointed!
3	Been here a couple of times and the food & service has always been great! Today the service was horrible. We sat at our table and no one even took our drink order until 10 mins later. Then another 10 mins go by and they take our food order. Food was delicious as always but then we order desert and another 10 mins go by and the waiter said he didn't understand why we still had no desert after so long of a wait. So to top things off we had to take our check to the bar to pay. They said they had some Xmas parties going & that's why they were slow but after the place emptied out I saw them do the same thing to the table next to us. I hope this was just an off nite.
5	This place is awesone. The food is so authentic.  I would recommend this to restraunt to anyone coming onto town.Food is excellent and price right. I was most impressed with the owner or head chef coming by to check on our experience. Thanks guys
1	Called the place to ask a question. The guy who answered the phone was not friendly. I said thank you. He just hung up. Not even "you're welcome" or "see you soon". Customer service and first impression goes a long way in my book. You just lost a potential customer.
5	The only non-gmo restaurant in Las Vegas!! They take pride in where they source their ingredients from and how they prepare their food and you can tell. We went on locals Monday which earned us 50% off our entire bill! The only surprising/humorous thing is that they are located in the same building as sapphires gentleman club....lol. As long as you are not super conservative this should not offend you. They have their own separate entrance.  The restaurant is gorgeous. They had a great selection of beers however they were out of the ones we ordered, no worries they provided us with great alternatives. We ordered the gorditas to start with. I ordered the chicken milanessa and my bf ordered an asada burrito.  Both were very delicious, I only wish we had room for dessert  I will definitely be back and telling all my friends about this place!
5	Honestly had to be one of the best Mexican style restaurants I've been to in Las Vegas. Our waiter Jesse blew every previous expectation by providing above and beyond customer service, our table was never empty. The Chef has blended some to die for dishes including my new favorite Imperial Shrimp, delicately fried and wrapped in bacon I'll be back for them alone. From start to finish a wonderful experience will be back soon.
5	After reading the reviews we decided to give this place a shot because we were over the options the strip gave us. This place was delicious AND I would come again when in Vegas. Not walking distance from the strip but it's worth it considering the prices and the quality of the food!! Can't go wrong with anything you order but the freshly made table side guacamole is a must! Our server Tiffany made this first experience even better! I give El Dorado five stars for the quality of food and exceptional customer service provided by Tiffany.
5	We can here for my sister's 30th birthday meal. She is obsessed with Mexican food and wanted a huge meal. This delivered on both accounts. Yes, it was totally weird driving into a strip club parking lot with my parents. And the waitress wear bustiers and booty shorts, but you get over it immediately after your first round of drinks. Our waitress had to be the loveliest woman in Vegas. She even brought the chef out after our meal  to meet us and arranged for the staff to sing to my sister (who pretended to be embarrassed but we totally know she loved it). And to top off the atmosphere the drinks and food are insanely good. No one walked away unhappy -- and we were beyond full. Hard for the bottomless pit crew we have. Overall, jump into a cab or your rental car and treat yourself here. If I can pull into a strip club parking lot with my parents, you can do it. Have a laugh and enjoy a great meal!
5	Great atmosphere and delicious food! We came with a large party and we were very well cared for. The table side guac presentation was awesome and our food came super fast! Props to Paco in the kitchen for a delicious meal!!
2	Yelp! Say it ain't so! You've led me astray! With an almost 5 star rating, I was expecting some bomb ass Mexican food. If it weren't for the kindness and customer service skills of the general manager, I would have given El Dorado's 1 star. We came on Monday around 7PM, on locals night. As many others have attested, this restaurant is kind of hard to find. Parking was extremely crowded (Sapphire's must be a popular strip club). My husband eventually spotted the entrance and we walked right in. We were seated immediately and our waiter greeted us in no time. So far, so good, right? We were automatically given two glasses of water and chips and salsa. The water tasted gross and dirty. After one sip, I pushed it to the side. The chips and salsa were okay. The waiter recommended some kind of fruit infused water and then walked away. Hey, what about my drink order? I grew thirstier and thirstier after munching on chips and salsa while waiting on our waiter to come back. Finally, he returned and instead of taking our drink order, asks if we've decided on what to eat. Fine. I ordered the cheese enchiladas ($9.50), with a Coke please. My husband ordered Steak al Cilantro ($26.50). The food came out pretty quickly, but the visual presentation for both our entrees was seriously lacking. The cheese on my enchiladas looked like it had been sitting out for a while. The red sauce looked and tasted like it came from a can. I am a mediocre cook at best, and I could have made better enchiladas.The rice was bland and flavorless and was NOT Mexican rice by my standards. The refried beans tasted too meaty. The enchiladas were lackluster but I ate them anyways. Sigh.     My poor husband's steak looked like slop. According to the menu, the steak was "topped" with green tomatillo sauce. My ass. That shit was drenched in it. My husband said all he could taste was that sauce. Other words he used to describe his meal were "worst steak in my life" and "the first bite was pure fat that I chewed for 5 minutes". Needless to say, he sent it back. Our waiter had gone MIA and never bothered to check on us after dropping off the food. The general manager is the one who actually checked on us and sent back the plate. She was totally cool about the whole thing. She recommended  the Cochinita pork tacos ($9.50), so he went with that. In the meantime, we were also waiting on refills. The waiter was still missing. When the GM returned with the pork tacos, we asked HER if we could get refills. My husband said the pork tacos were just okay.  At this point, we couldn't wait to get out of there. The waiter with the disappearing act returned to clear our plates and get us our check. The final bill was a shockingly low $12.97, but that's still overpriced if I don't like the food. The manager was a sweetheart and gave me her card to let her know if I would be coming in again and if I had any comments for her. While I appreciate this gesture, we will not be returning. The food and service (the waiter) were plain bad. I was also disappointed in the so-called plethora of vegetarian options I read about in reviews. El Dorado's has the same options as any other Mexican restaurant, so don't get your hopes up.
4	We decided on Mexican food tonight and chose this place because of Yelp ratings and distance (only 10 minutes away). I thought I had typed in the address wrong in my GPS because it directed us to the "Sapphire Gentlemens' Club" (fancy term for a strip club). We passed it up and pulled into the next lot. I called the restaurant to confirm where they are. They said, "We're in the same location as "Sapphire's". Okee Dokee. I'm taking my wife and daughter to a STRIP CLUB? Uhhhh, no. But, sure enough, it was right there. NEXT to the club. I can't think of too many more awkward locations for a nice restaurant.Food wasn't bad, better than El Torito, for sure. Flan was excellent. My wife loved it and she's a real flan lover.
3	First off I love the yelp freebies and bing that it was a margarita, bonus bonus.   This place is located next to the sapphire strip club, which I find a bit odd.  On the inside the decor is really nice.   The free chips were good and the 3 different salsas pretty good.  I liked the hot orange habanero.  Next we had the table side guacamole, which how can you mess up, so it was pretty good.  Next came the pork tacos, I guess I liked these the least.  The pork had a really porky taste to it.  That tells me, the pork was not fresh, not bad, but close to the end of it life.  So with so many good reviews maybe it was a bad day, not sure.  I just wasn't very happy with the pork tacos.So overall it wasn't bad, the location a little odd, but once your inside its nice.  I may try this place again, but skip the pork and try something else.
5	Amazing service! Great food! Love this place. The flan is exceptional, so are the chips and salsa, and margaritas. I'm so happy it's close to home. :)
4	Hard to find place. It is in the same parking lot as the famous sapphire strip club. Free margarita was very nice. Place has a nice feel. Free chips is also very good. Veggie burrito was a little bland so you might want to ask them to put some sour cream and guac. Guac also has a lot of garlic which depends on your palette - some might like it.
4	Myself and my sis drove down to this place which was very close to our hotel in Vegas.  It was little hard to find this place since the lights from the strip club beside cover up the place mostly. I liked the ambiance very much and the place isn't very crowded usually at 7ish. Liked the free chips they served along with 3 different varities of salsa as starters and used a coupon from yelp to claim a free margarita. The burrito was huge and served 2 people sufficiently. I am sure this place is one of the good places to eat mexican food while in Vegas.
5	Great food. Went on a Sunday so the place was kind of empty, which made the service spectacular (not sure how it would be when they are busier). The food was fantastic. Very organic and "real". The main chef (Paco) came out to our table and visited with us (again, it wasn't packed so not sure if that is normal) but that made the experience even better. Don't be discouraged that this place is attached to a gentlemen's club (as others have noted, it has a separate entrance).
5	Gmo free and organic. Genius billboard - food is great. If you can't handle the heat this might not be the place for you.  Spicy salsa's.  There might be some mild ones for you sensitive folks but keep those ones away from me.  I loved it.  Yeah its next to a strip club, its funny how all these reviewers keep acting surprised by that, yet every review mentions it.  But not mine, oops.  Hit this spot, its great.
5	Seriously haven't had such a great experience at a restaurant like this EVER! Marco & Paco are the best! At the end of our meal they hooked it up with complimentary flan, Pacos grandmas recipe! Thanks for the great experience will be back soon!
5	Excellent service and food! The Chef Paco is a really cool guy. I highly recommend the milanesas and SPECIALLY world famous flan!
5	Love love this place. i will definetly reccomed it to friends and family.Chef paco did a good job of making everyones tummy happy! :) :)
2	The experience inside the restaurant was great.  Food was decent, drinks were delicious (and strong), and the service was very friendly, accommodating, and fast.  The deals for locals was really good as well.  The server was very friendly and although there were some issues with the bill, it was quickly resolved without question.I was definitely ready to call this a regular spot, but the experience was overshadowed by the OUTSIDE experience.  Firstly, as others have mentioned, it's difficult to find.  We drove to the south entrance, and was directed where to go by the attendant.  After being honked at by the various strip club clientele, we made our way to the front of the building.  Parking was plenty and easy to find, but it's still shared with the strip club.  That also meant a visit from a golf-cart parking lot attendant, telling us we couldn't hang around there.  We had finished our meal with friends and were chatting for about 5 minutes, had the parking lot attendant attendant give us the "you can't hang around here" response, which we responded with a "we're just talking with our friends", which then resulted in a "excuse me?  what was that?" (ie, 'are you questioning my authority?'). Fine we get it.  We wrapping up our goodbyes, however, that was cut short as the guy came back with a cart full of a couple girls 2 minutes later and actually almost hit my friend.  I guess - what - as a warning?  Great.  I now don't want to come back to a hidden gem of a restaurant, because some parking attendant had a power trip.  Why subject yourself to low-class harassment when you could just...go somewhere else.
5	The best happy hour for food $1 street taco (carnitas is amazing!) and drinks for sure! The environment is great and I've never gone and not been greeted by all the friendly staff especially Chef Paco! This is such great Mexican food and all GMO free which is so great! Their table side guacamole makes a fun extra. I've tried several dishes and none have disappointed big plus is that it's open late too. Def have to try!
4	Food is excellent and is connected to one of the best clubs in Vegas! They do delivery there as well so there is no need to leave the spot! My favorites are any of the dishes that involve the porks and steaks!
4	Steve burritoooo....mmmmmm.......
5	Amazingly yummy food n great dining experience..  got free chips and 3 kinds of salsa to start with. We ended up eating 3 servings of those between two of us. We ordered shrimp taco and veggie burrito.. Very fresh and delicious.. Also the chef came to the table to check on the food.. Very sweet waitress Annabelle.. Cannot ask for more.. Highly recommend this place.
