4	I had heard good things of the Gilbert House from a friend of mine and decided to go today.  One thing I want to make clear...if you are going on a Sunday morning. Get there early!  It is small and their are only about 10 or 12 tables total. But...I did, so it wasn't an issue. The only thing I would recommend is try to get a table that isn't next to the door as ever person in line seems to feel the need to peer in every 3 minutes. Sort of annoying.I went for breakfast, though they do serve lunch and dinner also. Wine and beer is available.  The staff is extremely friendly. Our waitress was much friendlier than I have ever been that early in the morning, and I consider myself a morning person!  The service was very quick and efficient, I am sure because this place must depend on lots of turns!The coffee comes in "cute" cups (my friend's words, not mine..LOL), but the coffee in them was very good. I had the spicy chorizo omelet, and my friend had the vegetarian omelet . Both were delicious with very fresh ingredients.  The chorizo actually had a little kick to it, which a nice surprise. Hash browns were well prepared also. Honestly, if I were being hypercritical, the only fault that I could find is that the packaged tortilla that came with my breakfast would have benefited immensely by a quick toss in a pan to heat it up.  But I am won't be and so won't mention it. Ha.Soooo, if you are in the Gilbert area some morning, give the Gilbert House a try.  I think that you will be glad that you did!
5	This is one of my favorite places to get breakfast on the weekend.  But beware, you either get there early or be prepared to wait a while!  It is a tiny little house and quite popular.  There is indoor and outdoor seating.  The staff is very warm and friendly.  The omeletts here are absolutely delicious!  Ingredients are fresh and everything is home cookin!  This is the best time of year to go and sit out on the shaded patio.  Check it out, you will be glad you did!
5	This place is incredible. Everything you'd expect and want. Beautiful setting, homey atmosphere, excellent service, and food straight out of grandmas kitchen -Healthy portions, full of flavor. Definitely a hidden gem.
5	Yum-a-dum-dum!  The Gilbert House is really adorable and I was excited to eat in this classic, old world charm house-turned-restaurant.  We came at a non-peak time - about 11 a.m. on a Thursday morning - so while there were customers there, we did not have to wait for a table.I ordered the Hearty Scramble and shared with my mom who ordered a pancake and a side of hash browns.  My dad ate the toast that came with the scramble, but the rest was just about the right amount for my mom and me to share.The Hearty Scramble is made with eggs, bacon, ham, sausage and cheese.  There was just the right mixture of ingredients such that no one flavor overtook the meal.  The hash browns were perfectly browned.  And the deliciously fluffy pancake and syrup added just enough sweetness to round out the flavors in the meal.Looking forward to going back again!
3	the gilbert house is good......  ok i know that is a weak review ..if you go to there web site it comes off as a bit  of an up scale dining spot ...basically its grandmas house, seamed to have a lot of repeat customers that new the names of there wait person ..this place has good food good service and yes quaint if you like that grandma house thing w/lots of kitch ....antiquey cups and saucers all over the wall....i thought the menu was a little pricey for the size of their omlets....all and all worth a try
4	My wife and I ate here for breakfast with my sister-in-law and brother-in-law before the BIL shipped out for two years.Overall we had a good experience.  The ingredients were all very fresh and the environment was warm.  The corned beef hash was very good and the quiche was very fluffy.
3	I'm pretty sure this used to be the original location of what is now The Farmhouse (next to Liberty Market).  I recall there being some legal name disputes a few years back.  Anyway...Being a Farmhouse fan, my wife and I went to The Gilbert House based on Yelp reviews and decided to try it out.  It is true about the wait, but it seemed to have moved fast.  We went on a rainy day so there was less people, but we waited about 7-10 minutes.  It's a tiny place...no big groups.For the food...The reviews said corned beef hash was good and I'm a huge fan of that so I ordered that.  Sadly I CANNOT agree with the reviewer.  This was basic as it gets.  Dare I say it was canned corned beef hash...it wasn't great.  The whole wheat toast was good with my order but everything else tasted pretty average that something like Denny's would serve.  For me, this was 2 stars at best...with the toast being the only good part.My wife saw on the menu the apple pancakes with the 'you must try' -- heck if it says that then it better be good.  This was not disappointing.  This item actually should be featured higher up on their menu.  I wish I could consult with restaurants on how to design a menu.  Had she not decided she wanted pancakes she would have not looked in that area of the menu and not ordered these.  They were great.  The 'syrup' (which is like a cider applesauce-ish thing) could have been toned down a bit, but the cakes were good portion and with no butter or regular syrup there was not a problem with fluffyness, texture or taste.  These were great and if I go back I'll get these.  This dish was 4 stars.Overall, a quaint place for breakfast (lunch menu looked average).  Food: 3 starsService: 4+ starsI would say not great for small kids because it is pretty tight quarters.
5	The Gilbert House is my absolute favorite breakfast place in Gilbert.  Susan's Apple Pancakes are to die for, and I usually struggle between getting that or the Buffalo Scramble.  Everything tastes like it was made in mom's kitchen (or better if you had my mom!)  The service is great.  The people are so friendly.  Nothing like a leisurely breakfast (or lunch) on the patio on a beautiful day.
4	Food was great.   It was nice to enjoy it outside before it gets hot!!!!  Service was great, our ice tea was kept filled and the staff was really friendly.  Nice lunch time spot in Gilbert
3	My fiance stumbled upon this lil place this weekend, and we are all about mom/pop shops, so thought this was a must. All I can say is it was decent.We were there around 9:30ish on a Sat morning, and while it was definitely packed (it's a tiny place afterall) we still only had to wait like 5 minutes, so not bad at all. We sat outside and the atmosphere was great. Cool weather, shade, good smells, birds, definitely enjoyable. Our waitress was nice, but could tell she was really busy. Took her while to even get to us. The other servers seemed to be helping out everyones tables, since we had 3 different waitresses refill our coffee. Didn't bother me at all though, I'd rather have multiple people helping than one that's not.This is where my review gets so-so - the food, which for a restaurant, is not a good thing. I ordered the Eggs Benedict (one of my faves anywhere I go) and my fiance got the Country Fried Steak (one of his faves). Mine was alright, but for almost $10, nothing to write home about. The servings were a bit small (hardly any hashbrowns), again, dissapointing for the money. There was something off with the taste. I know they make their Hollandais sauce themselves, so maybe this was it. Also, most Eggs Benedict I get usually have a runny yolk when you cut into it, this one was more solid.My fiance's Country Fried Steak was also lacking. Normally the gravy will have a spicy sausage in it, however they use sweet sausage. It wasn't terrible, but just tasted different and again not really memorable.So all in all, cool quaint atmosphere, friendly service, so-so food, average/above average prices.
4	Quaint place to go to for breakfast, when in Gilbert.  Its cozy, the food is good.  They have a dinner menu, and I plan to go back for a nice evening experience here, I imagine the charm is amplified at night!
5	My wife and I have been going to the Gilbert House every monday morning for the past 3 months. The food and service here is amazing. We have never been disappointed in something that we ordered. My wife's favorite breakfast item is the corned beef hash, which is absolutely amazing. My favorite has to be the green chili omelet with chorizo. There service is great, and it is family run which makes it even better. If you are ever near The Gilbert House, you gotta check it out.
4	We are newbies to AZ - and I Yelped looking for a 'mom and pop' place to have breakfast this morning. The Gilbert House was an awesome find! It's a little off the beaten track, but what isn't in AZ?We had the apple pancakes with srambled eggs and bacon, a meal too large even for me, and I'm 9 months pregnant! The food was well cooked, and the service was great. Also, the owner was helping out clearing tables and such, which impressed me!The only reason we give it 4 stars and not 5... they use packaged creamer on the table for coffee and not real creamer, not sure why! We heart coffee, so that's a real turn-off. Also, they could scale back on the amount of butter they use to cook things in, and how much they load on top of the food. Minor things, and not enough to keep us away!As soon as the weather is cooler, we are going to ride our bikes over... with the baby!
3	We have eaten here a couple of times. The first time we sat outside, my husband ordered the buffalo scramble, which was very watery at the bottom of the plate. He wasn't impressed. I on the other hand got the quiche along with a fruit salad and rhubarb muffin... loved it. Needless to say it was a toss up. We decided to give it another try, went back yesterday. We both ordered the quiche this time and decided it was just a-okay. The fruit salad seemed to be dressed just with oil, not that tasty, but the fruit itself was yummy. This time it came with some kind of cinnamon muffin that was dry and again just okay. We sat inside this time & really enjoyed the little old farmhouse feel. It was quaint & enjoyable. We have never had a problem with the service, they are very nice there! We also got inspired to go and buy some champagne/OJ for our own mimosas (that I am enjoying as I type this :)Overall, nothing to really complain about, but nothing to rave about either.
2	We were very disappointed with the service.  We have eaten there a few times and twice we were passed over and not seated in a order.  Dare I say that it seems that if you are a regular you are seated before anyone else.  I even brought it to the hostess' attention and she still sat someone before us!  She sat four tables before we were seated.  I will not be going back !
4	First off, it's tiny, so if you're there on a weekend morning be prepared to wait a little. I've never personally waited more than 10 minutes, but as I've been at my meal I've seen people wait longer. The apple pancakes..... Those alone are worth going to this place. Everything I've tried there has been great, along with the service. It also helps that it's like 5 minutes from my house. :)
3	First of all, this restaurant is not bad, but nothing to be excited about. We went there because of all the good reviews. We went there on weekday morning, so there was no wait. Food came out fairly quick, we were expecting something really good but were a bit disappointed.Food was okay, and their $2.75 so called "fresh squeezed" orange juice appeared to be a lie. Tasted just like the one I can get from Wal-Mart.
4	Cozy, home-like atmosphere, but a bit crowded on weekends which made me feel a bit claustrophobic when I ate inside. Outside seating is good if weather permits. The food was good portion- not too huge, and I found it lighter than say, IHOP or Carrows. I didn't have to unbutton my pants after my meal, so that was good.
4	This is the first unique (not chain) brunch place I have found in the east valley that serves alcohol! The food was DELISH! finally
4	The apple pancakes were delicious, and I liked the option to add eggs and bacon (eating a plate full of sweetness just doesn't do it for me- I need a balance). My friend's french toast was fine, not great, I would definitely opt for the pancakes. I will go back for the pancakes and for lunch, as I have heard good things about their lunch menu.Oh, and it is busy on weekends!
2	This place was definitely meh. I was super disappointed because the house is so cute, it still has little rooms like a real house.... very nice.... but the food was just the most bland food I have ever had at a breakfast place, and that includes denny's and the like. That's pretty pathetic. I got the buffalo scramble, which has ground buffalo, onion, bell pepper, tomato, mushroom and jack cheese and comes with toast and hashbrowns. I asked for it with no mushrooms.... no such luck, I got mushrooms. That wasn't a huge deal though. The real problem was the overwhelming lack of any flavor. You would think with that list of ingredients that it would have tons of flavor, but it just tasted like mushy, creamy, nothing. There was way too much cheese and the cheese was bland and nasty.... the buffalo being ground is also not a good idea because it has a weird mouth feel and looks like little turds.... also, buffalo is a beautiful meat, why grind it up? I think the lack of flavor may be because they do not saute the veggies before adding the egg (or at least that's my guess.... not sure) Anyway, I thought maybe the hash browns would be better.... no. Tasted like nothing! WTF? Has this place not heard of seasoning? Finally, the toast was standard, but they only had welch's grape jelly on the table.... for 10$ a plate I should get some nice jam... or at least a choice. So overall, mine was a train wreck. The BF got the blueberry pancakes that are supposedly so good.... they aren't. They were soo sweet... disgustingly sweet. They drench the pancakes in blueberry sauce of sorts and it is just super sweet... like sweeter than a regular cake or pie.... I know pancakes are supposed to be sweet, but this was too much. The only good part about it was the coffee, they do have good coffee. So if you want good coffee and hate having flavor in your food or money in your wallet... this is the place for you! You can find me up a few blocks north at the much better breakfast establishments on Gilbert rd.
2	My 21-year-old daughter and I went here for a late breakfast today (around 10:30) as the place we would usually go had a long wait.  The Gilbert House was almost empty, with only one other table with diners aside from the hostess and two men chatting at a table and drinking coffee.  We were promptly greeted and seated at a small table in the front room. I took the chair next to the wall and my daughter's chair was out a bit into the doorway to the next room, but since it was not crowded it was not an issue.  The waitress quickly took our drink orders (coffee & water for both) and brought them back fast.  She then took our breakfast orders -- an omelette with hash browns and toast for my daughter and the berry pancakes with a side of sausage for me.In the meantime, a couple had come in and been seated across the same room, also at a small table.  Shortly thereafter, another couple came in and were seated at a larger table directly behind that couple; the poor man at the first table had to squeeze in really close to his table as the woman just seated at the other table kept bumping her chair into his (not a lot of room here.)Our food was then brought out, but my daughter's wheat toast was not as they had run out of wheat, so she opted for sourdough.  When it was brought to her, it was only 1 piece of bread sliced in half - not the usually two slices of bread that every other restaurant serves as toast.  (The menu says "toast" so one would assume it would be two slices, even if the bread is thickly sliced.)  The waitress would deliver items to our table and run away so fast we could not ask for refills or anything else; my daughter tried to tell the waitress as she was running away that she needed ketchup but the waitress talked over her and said "sure" but never brought the ketchup until having to be asked a second time.The food was very tasty.  The berry pancakes with berry syrup were big and sweet, exactly what I wanted.  The sausages were good - they gave me four links as my side order - but we would have gladly exchanged two of them for another slice of toast.The other couple across the room at the small table were experiencing the same service issues as we were (i.e., the waitress running off so fast they could not ask her for anything they needed.)  The man was also bemused by the one slice of toast and ordered a second order; he was also told he had to pick another bread because they were out of wheat.  They laughed when we were finally given a bottle of ketchup as they had been trying to get one every time the waitress ran off, so my daughter took them ours when she was finished.  That man also wanted salsa and was offered pico de gallo instead; then the waitress kept forgetting it.  He called after her after one of the times she bolted away from their table and she did not acknowledge him; she did show up shortly after with the pico de gallo but it was not what was described to him as being the same as salsa (pico de gallo is a chopped up tomatoes, onions, and other vegetables such as jalapenos or other peppers; salsa is more liquid, tomato-based, and typically less spicy, for those not familiar.)What was frustrating during all of this was that we could hear the hostess's conversation at the table in the next room with the two men at her table, with the waitress often joining in the conversation instead of focusing on serving the three tables in our little room.  Also, a couple had come in that were obviously "regulars" who were seated in that room and, judging by the conversation, were treated like royalty compared to those of us practically being ignored in the other room.After all of this,  to get a bill of $25 for our two meals -- this place is way overpriced for what we received.  Five of us just spent the past weekend (Labor Day) in Redondo Beach, California, and ate breakfast at the marina on the waterfront for less than $10 per person.  And those were full breakfasts too, with freshly-baked muffins and fantastic service.Bottom line here:  food was good (except for the one slice of toast deal), coffee was great, service was marginal.  Now I know why this place was empty and the one up the street had a line waiting outside.  Save your money and go someplace else.(Funny how the pictures they are asking me to rate as helpful show an omelette with TWO pieces of toast! LOL)
3	Stopped in here for lunch today with Robyn N. & Mike C.  I love tasting new foods, & they have Buffalo Burgers here!     :-)Well, it's a nice old house with several small rooms for dining.  Our server was friendly & all the food was ok, but a little expensive.  Mike warned me before we got here that the reason you don't see Buffalo is that it is dry & lacking in flavor because it's very lean.  He was right.  I think it was prepared fine here, it just isn't as good as beef, really.Not too much else to say about this place.  I probably won't return, but there certainly wasn't anything "wrong" with it.     :-)Buffalo Burger & Fries (or choice of other sides) $9.50/$9.95 with cheese.
3	Had lunch here last week with Rand H and Mike C.  I love the building and the grounds, the building was just like being in someone's house.  The staff was friendly and service was excellent.  But the food?  Not so much.  I had a Cobb salad; the field greens did not seem all that fresh, some pieces were soggy and looked old.  Instead of being topped with fresh chicken, there were cut of pieces of deli turkey, you know the chopped pressed and formed deli turkey.  The balsamic dressing was very good.  For $9.25 for a salad I was expecting so much better.What I did love was the bread pudding.  Caramel sauce, apples and topped with real whipped cream, but at $5.50 just a little on the pricey side even for the very large portion.  I might stop in again if I was in the area for bread pudding and coffee, but nothing seemed interesting enough for a return visit.
4	Come here often! We have been having breakfast and lunch here for years. Susan has done a marvelous job, customer service is great, the apple pancakes are out of this world! Good place for a buffalo burger too.
5	oh my, what a great place for breakfast and lunch. The cinnamon rolls are to die for.  Get there early so you can take some home.  And the best service.  Friendly people without the cookie cutter attitude of "hi, i am your server".
5	Love country fried steak? This is the place! Wonderful! Service was outstanding, too!
1	I was destined for the Farmhouse next to Liberty Market but they were closed on Easter Sunday so I tried this place instead right up the street.  Seating was quick and the four of us sat outside on the side of what used to be a house (or it looks that way).  They had a buffet that day at a very high price of $16 per person.  My son went to pick up a plate only to find that it had butter all over the bottom of it.  When I got to the scrambled eggs they were gone and took some time to replace so I skipped it.  The bacon tasted too greasy and the sausage link was rubbery.  Here is where I lost my appetite, my coffee cup had a lipstick mark on it.  I immediately complained but found only an apology and was still charged for the cup at $2.50.I feel as if they had no quality control on cleanliness and I would advise anyone visiting to ask for their health department grade.  It has a nice laid back ambiance but for a new restaurant I hope they read this review and take a serious look at their pricing and back room operations.
2	I've really tried to like the Gilbert House. Been there several times; unfortunately, I've always left underwhelmed. The coffee isn't very good. The dishes are unique, but lack taste. I ordered a spinach and goat cheese quiche last Sunday. The quiche was cool (expected it to be a bit warmer) and only had a hint of spinach. Not what I expected.  Prices are ok, but there are so many good independent restaurants in the area, that there is just no good excuse for bad food
5	The Gilbert House has one of the best homemade breakfasts anywhere. Every time we've come here, the food and service has been excellent. They have the best pancakes anywhere!:)
5	I cannot begin to express how elated I was after eating at this establishment. Decided Sunday morning to try a new breakfast place and after a failed attempt at T.C. Eggingtons, found this place via a Yelp recommendation for their Eggs Benedict. Drove across town to The Gilbert House which is situated right outside of 'old town' Gilbert. The minute we walked up to the front door, we were greeted and seated immediately by their staff. Our waitress took our drink orders practically as we had just finished sitting down and with our minds made up as to what we were going to order, placed our orders promptly in the kitchen. The food came out in a flash and the presentation of our dishes was phenomenal. I cannot even begin to tell you how impressed I was with the cleanliness of this restaurant, in particular their silverware. I've been out to eat many times and never once have I had such impeccable service and food. The owners of this establishment should be extremely proud of the wonderful staff they've hired.
4	Being a big fan of The Farm House years ago, I wanted to take my kids there.  Accidentally ended up here by mistake (the area has changed a bit and forgot exactly where TFH was).Small place, but had nice charm.  Fast friendly service.  I cannot recall what I got (this was 3 weeks ago), but it was one of the omelets.  I recall the food was good and the portion size was just right.  Kids also enjoyed.I would give it another go in the future.
4	Note this review was started in Feb 2012 and finished in June 2012.  DH and I have decided since we are finally moving into our own home in Gilbert after three months of renting that we are going to try every restaurant in Gilbert.  Our first venture was to start with TGH which is within walking distance of our new abode....and I guarantee we will be walking there again and again....First before I get to the food, I gotta' tell you what got me going....it is in a Craftsman house!!!!! If you don't know what that is, Google it.  Craftsman houses are so very cool.  So the venue just had me happy as I knew several folks back in PA that owned them!Second, I love that the owner is there greeting you and the door - as you know by now, I really like the indies, so having the owner seat you is a bonus, makes it a little more personal.I love that the place is tiny, that each room is its own mini dining room.  I get so tired of large places where the noise is just overwhelming.  To me, Sunday breakfast after a church should be quiet, laid-back.....I do not want to hear the conversation from a couple three tables down b/c the room is so large, everything echos.As usual, I went for the eggs/cakes/sausage combo.  Good cakes - not too heavy, not too fluffy, with just the right amount of sweet.  THe only downside?  They are huge. Unbelievably huge.  I ordered a short stack and barely made it through one. Note to self:  next time, plan on one cake and give one to DH.  I know, I probably won't do that but I can say I will.DH usually goes for anything with loads of meat in it for breakfast. So he has tried the hearty scramble with eggs and meat, hash browns, and toast.  Nice man-sized breakfast with a good balance of eggs and meat. He has also gone the eggs and cakes route with me.And good coffee.  Not too strong.  And hot.  I have found some really good cuppa's out here and some really lackluster ones.  This one is a good one.  Nothing ruins a good breakfast like a bleah cuppa.  Even decaf was good.The one thing we do notice universally here in Phx is that the definition of crispy bacon varies significantly from PA to AZ.  I have yet to hit a place that has really crispy bacon so I can't criticize too much on that - i think that will just be something we won't find here.These guys are busy.  Sometimes get a refill can be a bit of a challenge.  And if you are are going to order the gargantuan breakfast and there are 2 of you, be sure you are not sitting at a 2-top as there won't be enough room for all of the plates :)All in all then - good sized portions, good quality, reasonable prices, and just a nice homey atmosphere.  Service can be a little uneven at times but be patient - it is worth a little wait.  Now that we moved around the corner from the restaurant (no, that was NOT a deciding factor in which house to buy.....really it wasn't!!!), we can actually walk there for breakfast and some lunch.
5	Have been here for breakfsat several times and my only complaint is that I didn't discover it sooner!  The staff are incredibly friendly and navigate a Sunday breakfast rush extremely well.  The setting is very quaint and while the tables are close together, it's nonetheless enjoyable.  It's like being right in someone's dining room!  The service is always good and the staff is incredibly friendly.  The food is excellent and I have never left dissatisfied.  I have taken several friends from out of town there and they all seem to enjoy it immensely.  2 thumbs up!
4	Great for breakfast or lunch.  It's in an historic house.  Service was great, very friendly.  Food is consistently good.  Really like the omelettes.
4	I liked this place.  Probably best during the less hot months as most of the seating is outside.  Inside the house is a bit cramped, but the history makes it worthwhile.  The food was good.  I had the corned beef hash which was very good.  The pancakes were pretty good too and everyone at our table enjoyed their food.  Albeit there was nothing on the menu that I'm going to be like, "I HAVE to go back and have that again," everything was well prepared and tasty with a pleasant staff.
5	This is the cutest place with a delicious breakfast.
4	I really think this place is so cute.  We went there today to support Small Business Saturday.  Good food, quaint atmosphere, nice staff.  We will defiantly go there again.
4	This is really a 4.5 review!Our first time for breakfast here and it was pretty great. Friendly welcome, fast friendly service. Food was just right, way above the quality offered at your average chain like Dennys etc. My only gripe was the hash browns weren't quite as cooked as I would have liked but that's really a small complaint. Great breakfast spot ... We will be back!
5	For breakfast this is the real deal. From the building (renovated farmhouse) to the great food and just right service.
2	I was in the area and decided to stop for lunch. The food was great and came out really quick. The service on the other hand could use a lot of improvement. If the waitresses weren't chatting so much they might not make mistakes. My waitress ran my credit card for someone else's bill and they still over charged me after attempting to correct it. I will not be going back. Ever.
5	Weather today was perfect to enjoy the Gilbert House patio for breakfast.  I had classic breakfast eggs over easy, hash browns, and ham.  My mom had quiche breakfast with baby greens, fruit, and a muffin.  Everything was excellently prepared and presented.  Our server was very attentive.  Food came very quickly.  Coffee was always being topped off.  We just moved to Gilbert, and i am always looking for a solid breakfast spot, and this would be it!  We will be back.
5	I wish I could give a million stars!This is my favorite breakfast spot in the world.  I live in Los Angeles but every time I'm in the phoenix area I eat here every day.  The Green Chile Omelet is my favorite!  Really cute, historic setting.  The wait staff could not be sweeter.  LOVE this place!!!!
4	I am definitely a fan. Unfortunately I no longer hail in Gilbert, but this is an outstanding treat tucked in old-town Gilbert. I've been a couple times and the traditional breakfast options along with different mixes make this spot a must-go if you are in the area...~Fud/Drinks~This small house packs in large crowds, especially on the weekends. Why? Because of the food. They do not have amazingly complex dishes, but the dishes each pop with flavor in your mouth. I am an egg whites kinda guy, and their egg-white omelets lack 0 flavor. If you enjoy breakfast they will be able to serve your hunger pangs. The variety of options is just perfect and allows someone to sit down and pick and choose on each visit. The site has all the traditional fresh juices and the coffee is crisp. Everything simply tastes fresh and cooked to order. There are no bland or run-of-the-mill flavors come out of the kitchen. ~Atmosphere/Service~This is where they run away with the rating stars. The charming farmhouse you sit in is quaint and is almost too perfect of a setting..if that's possible. You feel right at home sitting with your family around the table, despite cramped quarters. Yes the seating is tight, but that's part of the ambiance, is it not? It's not cramped to the point of suffocation, lets just leave it at that. The servers are attentive and keep up with your table. When it gets busier, of course they come less, but that's expected at a popular breakfast spot. The owner seems to always be there, helping her staff. She also walks around and helps out with the food service as well, adding to the ambiance and knowledge of the menu. It's nice knowing that she is this involved with her restaurant.~Extras/Rating~Being that it is a smaller capacity spot, its almost a shoe-in that you will need to put yourself on a wait list if you do not come a bit early. On weekends during peak hours mid-morning, I would suggest coming at least 20+ minutes prior to when you want to be seated. Otherwise, you might get disappointed with having to wait so long. Also, remember, during the summer you might want to come earlier in the morning to eat. Being a older facility there is not much solace in the heat on their outside porch, minus the breeze. Old town Gilbert is getting constantly renovated, its a fun spot to go to and explore on a weekend. This is a great starting point for a family weekend day. Lastly, do try the cinnamon roll if you enjoy desserts. It is absolutely scrumptious and delightful. It blows other rolls out of the water! ENJOY!
4	Only a 5 min wait at breakfast for patio seating in gorgeous weather on a Saturday. Very nice meal. Delicious sticky cinnamon rolls. We'll be back!
5	We have been coming here for years and LOVE it! A great owner and a very friendly staff! Great food and just a great place to relax and enjoy good food with good people and forget your worries for a bit. See ya soon, Mike and Leslie!!
5	The Gilbert House Restaurant  Categories: Breakfast & Brunch, American (Traditional)5.0 star rating2/4/2013Two of us arrived and dined at The Gilbert House today (approximately 11:15 am) for  breakfast and both of us agree that it was exceptional in terms of both atmosphere and quality of the food.  We order breakfast that was way too much food, I believe, for one person; however, I am a moderate eater.  My company cleaned their plate but thought the serving size was large as well.  This is decent serving size for the money and the quality was outstanding, indeed!  In terms of quality, I ordered the Green Chili Omelet with a side order of center cut, perfectly cooked, bacon, wheat toast, coffee and hash browns too, and   I could not finish the entire  plate.  My company ordered  Two eggs (over easy) , hash browns and coffee plus he found the meal to be appetizing, large and perfectly cooked.  We will both be back and hopefully tell many others about the quality and portion of foods offered for breakfast.Secondly, we interacted with the staff and owner who were charming and made our visit equally, dynamic, friendly and joyful!  We were greeted by our server nicely, promptly and offered seating options and delighted with the conversations we were engaged with by both the owner and staff.  The restaurant was just about full; however, we never felt rushed, and spent nearly an hour eating our meals while engaging the owner and staff in delightful, amusing conversations.At the completion of our meals and upon exiting the parking lot, my friend stated to me, "That was about the most perfect breakfast meal we have enjoyed in this area".  I thought to myself that this will be one place that I am sure we will return to in the near future many, many, times.  I have already invited to other people to join me for breakfast there after Sunday services next week.This is a wonderful place where detail is put into the experience for the customer.  I cannot, at this point, find any circumstance that causes me pause with respect to returning to this truly wonderful venue.  Both the staff and the food were at an all time high and I cannot wait for another exceptionally great experience when I return for breakfast again, and soon
5	We were looking for a brunch place that would take reservations for our party of 10 so we didn't have to wait hours to celebrate my mother's 83rd birthday. The Gilbert House set us up on the patio with lovely table and wonderful welcome for us. The staff was excellent and attentive even on a busy morning, and the food was perfect. The cottage setting is charming, and we highly recommend Gilbert House.
4	LOOOOVE cozy breakfast spots that make you feel like you're eating in your grandmother's kitchen. THIS is one of those!Such a quaint little place, with great outdoor and indoor seating. Showed up with my son on a whim for a Saturday breakfast. Was seated right away. It did start to get busy about an hour after we got there... I could see it getting packed. I had the eggs benidict, which is my first order from any new breakfast restaurant. This was perfect. Not almost perfect, like most places who forget to cook the center of the eggs. But PERFECT perfect. Like I scrapped the plate with my fingers until all traces of said breakfast were gone. My son made up his own menu item, and they went happily along with it and brought him chocolate chip pancakes that were not on the menu. Needless to say, we were both extremely pleased. Aside from the awesome food, the people were so nice!We were sitting near the kitchen, and everyone that passed us said hi. We will be coming here quite often!
5	I tried the green chili omelette and a caramel roll.  There are a number of pretty unique things on the menu, and everything that we tried was prepared well.  The setting is quite nice, an older house with a nice patio for outside seating.  I would definitely come back.
4	Very good! Highly recommend.  I had the  Buffalo Scramble. Loved it!
5	Went in thinking we'd be waiting for a while at 11am on a Saturday but we were immediately seated. $6 mimosa was generous in a wine glass, apple pancakes were ridiculously good (like best ever good), hashbrowns weren't greasy...just overall great classic brunch. The owner was walking around talking to people and the whole vibe was really easy and relaxed. Will be going here often.
5	Favorite breakfast spot in Gilbert!  Nestled in a cute old home in Gilbert- feels very cozy and a nice option to eat on their patio too.  The apple pancakes are seriously to die for and reason enough to come here.  The wait is not usually too bad for a smaller place on the weekend.
5	Have gone to this place both for a small breakfast on an off day, and a mother's day brunch. Even though it was busier than heck, they had a great "buffet" breakfast thing for mothers day which was wonderful. you got a table, waited in line for food, and ate away (even seconds!) So delicious, and the service is always superb. Quaint little place, if only I was in Gilbert more often. :)
4	Cozy homemade breakfast spot! This place is a hidden gem, everything is so yummy and fresh. I am a native to South Dakota and it helps that the owner is also from SD so her recipes are things I grew up with.  Try the caramel rolls - they are to die for!!!Not a place for large groups as it is an old converted farm house so seating can be tight. Otherwise go with your family for breakfast or lunch and take in the rustic charm and great food!
4	I got my own veggie omelet.  Their green chile sauce is vegetarian (huzzah!) and was very yummy.  It seemed like the owner was there and it felt like EVERYONE who came in was either a regular or a close friend of the owner.  Sound travels quite a bit in the tight-ish front room, but didn't get overly noisy.  I felt kind of like I was taking a regular's table simply because everyone who came in hugged the owner and/ or said they didn't need a menu.I really liked the food, but alas, they supplied the tiny packets of smucker's jelly for their toast.  I wish a breakfast place around here would provide some local fruit preserves instead of that high fructose corn syrup junk.  I'll still come back.  Good customer service, great food.  I liked their hash browns. True matchstick style hash browns.I don't know if this place is good for kids, I don't think it's bad... That said, I'm so glad no kids were in that front room of the restaurant.  I could hear everyone's conversations.  Made breakfast interesting.  It was not so loud that I could not carry on my own, but I imagine that if a screaming baby was anywhere in there, those details might have been different.  I got the feeling that as everyone was a regular, that no one really brought their underage progeny.
3	Another stop along the Gilbert breakfast circuit. I know a few people who are big fans of this place so I was eager to try it. Since I'm a sane person, I went with my husband early mid-week to avoid the crowds.The setup is pretty country cute without being corny. Our waitress was friendly and efficient. The coffee was average, but at least there was plenty of it.The food came out quickly. My husband went with the country fried steak since they don't have biscuits and gravy entree on the menu (but they do have both biscuits and gravy, so go figure). He thought the dish was ok. We both were hoping for crispier hash browns. I liked my santa fe omelette especially the chipotle sauce on top. I wish they had been more generous with it because it really added to the overall flavor. The portion was a little smaller than what I'm used to with breakfast joints. It was just enough for me, but my lumberjack husband would have had to order a second meal.
4	Ok, my take on breakfast is there is no such things as a five star breakfast, but you sure can make bad ones.  This place to me falls in the category of good breakfasts, good ambiance so good review.We started out with the carmel honey bun, very tasty but would have been over the top with some salted nuts over top of them.  We still devoured it.I personally am a corned beef hash fan.  Been all over town trying to find some good hash.  A few places have boasted about theirs but all have fallen short.  The owner (will comment on her later) recommended hers after I inquired about it as she brought us coffee.  I am not going to lie, when it showed I like I have always been was let down. Now it tasted good but the hash was cut into small pieces, not the way I prefer.  The owner came back to check, I told her I liked it, but.....Her response was that's how they used to have it, but older customers complained how it was difficult to chew..lol reaaaaaaalllllyyyyyy..This owner was awesome, she chatted, cared and even brought me a pancake (she bragged how hers were the best) when I told her that I wasn't a huge fan of pancakes.  She tried to convert me. They were good...So take notes Harvey's Public House owner, Sleepy Dog Owner, this is how you own a restaurant, CARE about your customers, engage them, don't sit on a chair like you are king and watch over the serfs(Harvey's)  or don't glug down cocktail after cocktail while your kitchen is in the weeds (Sleepy Dog).  We will be back to support a good restaurant with an even better owner.
1	I took my kids there today for first time and my daughter's.grilled cheese sendwich had mold. I even took a picture. No matter how tasty restaurant is,  it can't get forgiveness if they serve spoiled food. By the way, it is 105 outside and their kitchen door to outside is open.
1	I put this picture gilbert house restaurant facebook and they just block me. I' sure they block other people too if someone write truth.
5	This place is AWESOME!!!  The owner and the staff are so friendly and give great suggestions.  The biscuits are a must but the homemade bread is hard to resist.  We ordered a half order of the French toast just to try it and boy was that a great choice!  The atmosphere is like being at grandma's house for Sunday breakfast and so is the food.  Do yourself a big favor and stop by for a great time!
5	Definitely one of the best breakfast joints in the Gilbert area. We are there every Sunday and have never had a bad experience. Extremely friendly staff and great old fashioned homemade cooking. The owner is always present and she greats/treats every guest like family.
3	Back in November of 2011 my husband gave the Gilbert House a 5 star rating for their apple pancakes with cider syrup...well deserved back then...HOWEVER...we were there this morning and have a new opinion! At that time (2011) you got pancakes so large you could hardly see your plate.  And now, for a mere $7.00, you get 2 saucer sized pancakes (w/o apple in the batter). I will say the cider syrup is still wonderful and the serving size is filling enough BUT very BLAND for the taste of the pancake AND certainly NOT worth the price!
5	We first found The Gilbert House when we were bought a house in Farmhouse Meadows. We come almost every Sunday. It's got a great menu, it's close and convenient. I am a huge fan of the Apple pancakes. If you haven't tried the Banana Walnut pancakes you are missing out. You can't go to too many places where you see the owner working the floor and stopping to chat. Don't come if you are expecting chain food or a menu from iHop. I look forward to stopping in for lunch.
5	We just moved to Arizona and this was out first visit to the Gilbert house. Absolutely fell in love with the place. Loved the pork pulled sandwiches, it had a twist of tandoori Indian spice. Just delicious. Great environment!! Will be back :)
5	Awesome place, you can't go wrong with anything! Love the apple pancakes and the berry pancakes!
5	Our friend brought us here for the first time to eat brunch and we loved it! It looks like they converted that house into a restaurant which is good because it really feels like you're home. One thing that keeps me from coming back is their pancake! The susan apple pancake is to die for!!
5	Best french toast we've had here in valley, love the pancakes as well.   Awesome spot for breakfast
5	Second trip was as awesome as the first!!!  We tried the Eggs Benedict, Quiche of the day, and Biscuits and Gravy and WOW is the only way to describe the food.  It was all great, but the biscuit and gravy was UNBELIEVABLE!!!  A definite must if you are a biscuit fan.  The service was wonderful and the environment is perfect.Come by if you want excellent food and a great time
1	Past memory said this place had the atmosphere we were looking for at breakfast...still does.  Server was GREAT...that's where it all ended.  After we ordered food, we saw lots of food going back to the kitchen.  hmmmm.  The our order came.  moth my eggs and hash browns were not cooked as requested (yet on the receipt it stated properly).  rather than send back my whole meal, asked for a plate as they wanted to recook the browns.  they instead later brought out another plate of them and explained that was the most well done/crispy they could be.  and they were not.  as if they could not simply leave on grill longer??  eggs were to be over well, were REALLY runny and went all over the plate.  We dealt with it, did not want to cause more issues in a kitchen clearly having issues.FYI, the gravy might look good, but tastes like thick flour paste.  avoid this.  put in on a biscuit and a country fried steak and basically I'm burping up bad flour for a few hours.finally got the bill.  they chose to do nothing...we ordered bloody mary's, screwdrivers, had a nice tab.  they really messed up the food.  simple told the waitress that she was great but the kitchen let her down.  was disappointed they chose to not do anything for us based on the issues.  She explained she could not but she took to manager.Manager comes out and wondered why we did not go to her since the waitresses "don't have authority to do anything". she had attitude over it.  nicely put.  she looked at us and after I explained the issue she actually stated "but you ate most of it right?".  OMG.  We re-explained we saw all the prior issues with other tables and dealt with it but did tell the waitress at the time.  She comped us a cup of coffee.  WOW...THANKS!  $50 breakfast tab and a free cup of Joe.  well done.  Turns out this lady is actually the owner.  I told here she should fire herself.  She couldn't understand why I would say such a thing.  I explained how poorly she handled the situation...not to mention that the food was wrong (and simply not that good).  Frankly, me never going back is punishment enough.  I'd avoid this place.  And especially avoid the manage/ownerr...she's not pleasant
5	Came into town with a group if friends and met up for a brunch. OMG!!!  This is great food in a very unique setting. The history if this place is just very cool...all the buildings in this small area are quaint.   Ok, back to the food....I love pancakes so I had to give them a try and they did not disappoint!!  The very gracious owner offered a sample of the apple cinnamon sauce that is nothing short of amazing!!!  It was great on the cakes but even fantastic with bacon!!!  Love it!!Everyone in our party enjoyed a wonderful meal, and was impressed by all!  This is a must to return to when back in the area. If you come here and don't like it, then you certainly have some messed up taste buds!!
5	This place is on point there breakfast is homemade and delicious and the service is great my servers name was Erica best service I have ever had at a restaurant I will definitely come back to the Gilbert House as a regular and the Gilbert House is the BEST breakfast and lunch restaurant in Gilbert by far !!!  :-)
2	Very cute locale and pleasant waitresses.   Food was mediocre.
4	Fresh squeezed juice was excellent, and chicken fried steak was great! My daughter loved her French toast. We loved sitting outside in the sun. We will be back!
2	I used to live here and frequent this restaurant. The apple pancakes were unreal. The cinnamon roll was served hot and fresh with butter to spare. Quaint atmosphere and friendly staff. That's what I would've written on my last review, but we came back to visit with our toddler and some friends and were very disappointed. Cinnamon rolls came out cold and stale. They heated it up, but, it was to stale for it to matter. Even my 2 year old lost interest. The famous apple pancakes used to be served with butter, and special syrup covering the whole thing, almost falling off the plate! I was bummed to see the plate come with pancakes lukewarm with nothing on them. The waitress brought the syrup on the side 5 minutes later. No butter. The syrup was less than 1/2 of the amount it used to be.Two of us had ordered bacon and eggs to accompany our meal. They both came out cold. I sent mine back asking for them to be taken off the check thinking I would just pay for the rest of the meal and be on my way. This obviously isn't the place that it used to be and I was fine and ready to pay and leave.What I assume was the manager/owner came to see what the problem was, we told her, and she questioned why we didn't say something sooner and walked off. She took off the cinnamon roll instead, which was a nice enough gesture, but that's not what I asked for. I pointed it out and she rudely told me it would take another 10 minutes to take the item off the bill, and threw $3 cash on the table instead, insisting that she could've made it right. I pointed out that with our toddler, we didn't have enough time for a 2nd round of food to "make it right" and she just said, "we're very busy" ... There was no "i'm sorry" or "give us another try next time, this one's on us" ... this is what good customer service sounds like.  It was pretty obvious they just wanted us gone, and paying as much of the bill as possible. I paid my bill, left a generous tip for our original waitress, who was very friendly. But I won't be back. I'll go up the road 1/2 mile to Liberty Market or Farmhouse Grill. There're too many other options out there to waste a meal out with management like that.
5	Awesome chicken fried steak, quiche and eggs Benedict. The daily special is normally a good bet. Great tasting biscuits. The place is quaint so you may have to wait a little bit, but it'd worth it.
3	They were friendly and welcoming.  The food was friendly and it was a charming place to eat.  Their only drawback was they couldn't break a $20 for a $14 order.
1	This place has gone downhill on rollerblades. I used to eat here all the time and loved it. The service was never great. Today I ordered a coffee it came out covered in pink glittery lipstick. I told the waiter he took it away without apologizing. He brought it back in the same cup with one side wiped off there was still the same lipstick on the top and other side. I told the manager she also never apologized and I finally got a clean cup. My cinnamon roll came out ice cold so I had them heat it up. It came back with a black hair on it (not mine). I told the manager, no apology of course, she laughed and took it away. Yes, she laughed. None of us got any refills. What attitudes, like its your fault for getting dirty food. Bad service I can tolerate if the food is good, filth I absolutely won't. I used to bring all my friends here but this is last time I return. I'd have to be crazy to come back for cold, overpriced, dirty food served to me with a too bad attitude.
1	I used to frequent this place often but I will never return. Each time I come back it gets worse and worse. The service is terrible and always has been. Today when they served our food everyone at the table received it cold. We asked for them to heat it up and they returned with a black hair in it. We pointed that out to the manager and she laughed. Yes and no apology either. Also received a dirty cup of coffee all lipstick. No apology. Asked for a clean one and returned with the same cup. No apology. Some of our food came out wrong too. No apology. I usually can tolerate bad service if the food is good but it isn't. I can not stand filthy food either. I will never return
5	This is our go-to breakfast place -- not only because of the delicious food but also for the ambience.  The restaurant is family owned (the owner Susan is usually onsite and super friendly) and run out of a cute restored old farm house.  They have indoor and outdoor seating (the patio is dog friendly).  Without a doubt, each and every out of town guest we bring here LOVES it!Favorite dishes include Susan's Apple Pancakes which come covered in a delicious apple cider sauce (yum!!!) and the Green Chili Omelet (reminds me of being in New Mexico!).  Tasty freshly squeezed orange juice too!  They are very accommodating with substitutions or if you have any food allergies.The only negative is that it can get REALLY crowded during peak hours, amassing super long lines.  So, get here early!
5	The Gilbert house restaurant is by far the best breakfast and lunch spot in Gilbert!! The Apple pancakes and southwest chicken sandwich are amazing.
1	MeThinks not ANYMORE..I frequent this place even though I have to drive from 10m away for take-out breakfast, pancakes for my kids and my wife since they really like them. However, the take-out service has been lacking details... it's pretty basic on what pancakes should go with - butter and syrup.. and on almost every instance I go, there's something missing... Most often the butter is missing... LIKE today again... and it's not like I didn't ask to remind them  - which I always do... Last week, we were missing the butter... This week we're missing the d*mn butter again... and I even asked the guy that gave me the order if there were pancakes and he said that he had put them in the bag.... I reluctanctly called to talk to the manager.. I mean it's just butter but it's a pretty basic thing to do to make sure that they get a pretty simple order correctly - plus this wasn't even the first, second or third time... My intent was to talk to the manager so she can remind her staff to pay attention to the basics... I was put on hold and after a few minutes was told that the manager will not talk to me because she's out on the patio area because they were busy... I was just there and there were maybe 2 tables with customers in the patio and a few inside so they really aren't that busy... Not like I was asked to hold a little longer but was just basically told she won't come - mind you I've seen the manager sitting down and chatting away on customer's table before... I always think that customer satisfaction is the basic goal for any business - most especially service oriented businesses... Attention to basics please.... There are other options and I will be exploring them..OVER EASYFARMHOUSEIHOPThe asked if I wanted to leave a mesage.. I guess I do.
4	We love the Farmhouse so we decided to try the Gilbert House.  It is a very cute place and we had great service and food.  The kids meals are plenty of food still even for our 10 year old. It was a bit hot in the back room we were in so recommend sitting on the patio if the weather is nice.Will return there again!
3	My friend wanted to try this place out. It's literally a cute little house turned into a restaurant. They have a really cute outdoor patio you can sit at or you can sit inside the "house" lol. We ordered the cinnamon roll to start. That was yummy. I ordered the corned beef hash. I liked the corned beef in this plate. Everything else was pretty basic. My friend ordered the biscuits and gravy which she enjoyed. The service was good. One thing I would recommend is putting a sign right outside the door for people to sign in for a table. There was just a little clipboard  that was very easy to miss and no one outside so we weren't sure if we were supposed to seat ourselves or what. Also, another thing I didn't like is if you want to split your plate with your friend or whoever, they will charge you an additional $1.50 for that. What!? Other then that I thought it was a very cute little brunch/breakfast place. =)
5	We've been there a few times now. Always during the week and always at lunch time, so I can't comment on the weekends or breakfasts. However, we've had the salads and the burgers and they're always fantastic. Cooked well, tasty and priced reasonably well. It's not "FAST FOOD". Poor server today had a couple walk out because of their so-called "wait". Sorry, but if you wanted McDonalds, you should have just gone to McDonalds. I still will never understand the need people have to walkinandeatrightnowandleavegogogogogo. Especially people who go during busy periods and expect to eat 15 minutes ago. I really wish people would stop basing reviews on their own expectations of how fast things should go. I have three young children but even I know that when you go out to eat with them, you should have an arsenal of activities to help the time fly. Staff couldn't be friendlier. My ONE little complaint: They serve muffins with their salads and I just can't get into them. They taste raw in the middle. I don't know why. My husband likes them, he says it tastes like a fruit center or something. But to me it tastes like a piece of apple surrounded by raw dough.
5	We had a wedding lunch here a week ago.  The food was delicious and very nicely presented.  Susan (the owner) was great to work with and went the extra mile to ensure we had a wonderful experience on an exciting day!  Susan accommodated our needs and was very helpful and flexible during the planning process.  For those of you looking for a unique and fun option for special events in the Gilbert area, especially those looking for something close to the LDS Temple, this proved to be a great option.  Susan accommodated almost 100 people.  The pulled pork and chicken salad sandwiches were excellent!  The pasta salad and fruit salad was spot on!  This was followed by a variety of "house" specialty desserts which were to die for!  We give Susan and her help at The Gilbert House a well deserved recommendation!
4	Great pancakes !  I've been to many breakfast places for pancakes like the farmhouse that has very bland pancakes. The pancakes here are a good size and taste great. The service is above average. Highly recommend.
5	I always go through previous reviews before I dine so I can get a feel for what I should try.  Regarding the few negative reviews there is no doubt in my mind these came from a local competitor. Silly people, I do this for a living with technical products and can sniff you out in a heartbeat.I went 4 times, 2 for breakfast, 2 for lunch.  I started with a very basic 2 eggs (poached) with hash browns and bacon and toast (homemade sourdough). The eggs were poached perfect, done but still very soft and perfect for dragging the toast through the yolk. (Which I truly enjoy).  I asked for my bacon a little crispy and the cook nailed it and the bacon was a perfect thickness about it. I had asked to substitute the hash browns for fresh fruit, when the order arrived there were hash browns and no fruit, when I mentioned it to my server she quickly delivered a bowl of delicious fresh fruit consisting of strawberries, pineapple and the crispest and sweetest grapes I have ever had in a restaurant.  Soft grapes are a pet peeve of mine.The toast was a homemade sourdough that measures up to any bread I have ever had.The claimed fresh squeezed orange juice was exactly that and delivered! I asked to sample the Bloody Mary mix sans the vodka and added that to my must have list for my next visit. A+Visit 2. Lunch: I was torn between the Albacore Tuna sandwich and the BLT, I went with the Tuna and was not disappointed. The 9 grain bread was amazing and the tuna salad was tossed perfectly. Again I went with a side of fruit and it was the perfect accompaniment. A+Visit 3. Back to breakfast: I waffled between a few dishes and upon the servers advice I went with the Buffalo Scramble. I normally tell them I like my scrambled eggs very soft, I forgot.  When the plate arrived with a wonderful blend of veggies, Jack cheese and ground Buffalo the cook had nailed it on the eggs which says a lot to me. The portion was very generous with enough to take home for a nice afternoon snack. I don't need to go into the fruit and toast again. A+.Visit 4. Lunch: I ordered the Cobb Salad. Long story short, 2nd best I have ever had and I have had quite a few to say the least. A+Now let's talk about the Bloody Mary, this was a truly amazing experience for my taste buds. If you don't drink, order it virgin style with no alcohol, it might even be better that way. They put a little kick with hot sauce and horseradish, but just enough to make you order another. A++++++Regarding the service, they have done a great job hiring and training a very nice group of young people.  The comments on previous posts re the service are hooey and I will argue that point to the end.  Looking forward to my next visit.Henry.
4	What a charming place! The food was good and the service was great. Their Whiskey Sauce Caramel Buns are wonderful.
4	Wow! Who knew something like this was hanging out just south of downtown Gilbert? I have been looking for a place to stop by and grab a coffee/bite to eat on my weekly morning bike route. Liberty Market was an obvious choice due to their great coffee bar but it's always way more crowded than I care to deal with. This place has a cute patio set back far enough from the street that traffic doesn't feel like it's bearing down on top of you. My waitress was super friendly and really on top of things - not overbearing and not "missing." (Thanks! You put my faith back into good service!)I love quiche - so that's what I ordered. Yum! First impressions - huge portion. Too much for me but very well made. Cooked perfectly - almost a "custardy" bottom layer with big chunks of veggies and bacon and a golden "crust" on top. And most importantly - it was NOT over seasoned! The pie crust was Delish as well - you can see the skill of the cook in the details and it was obvious they know what they're doing here. The salad was fresh - served with cut fruit on top and a really nice vinaigrette that was a great complement to the creamy/saltiness of the quiche (I normally don't like sweet dressings but this was worked perfectly to balance the quiche). To top things off, they serve the quiche with a fresh made muffin. I broke into it to find it was rhubarb! It's like they had read my mind on all my favorite things :) Not sure if it's rhubarb all the time or whatever is in season, but I was very happy with the rhubarb (also not easy to cook well - another sign of a good cook!)Oh, I can't forget to mention - the coffee. The reason I stopped in the first place :) They serve "bottomless" drip coffee but unlike other breakfast places with endless coffee, they use a nice, strong roast (not watery sludge like you get elsewhere).
2	My friend loved their quiche. For her sake I am giving 2 stars.My food was cold, we waited almost 45 minutes to receive our food. Our server looked lost. You know when you go out the night before and the next day you go to work and no matter how much you try to focus you just can't. That was our server. The owner was nice, but the food wasn't coming out, and rather than visiting tables, I would expect her to be lighting a fire under the cooks butts or cooking herself and also letting the tables know why it was taking so long.Finally when our food came, my daughter's pancakes were not ready and we had almost finished our food by the time her pancakes were brought to the table.We tried to order the cinnamon roll, but they were out of them.
4	One of my favorite spots for a relaxed, quiet and DELISH breakfast. Coffee is outstanding, staff are cheerful and on point, and the food made me want to come back the very next day. Seriously, healthy and hearty breakfast options, my kinda place!
5	Beautiful country style and very home styled  restaurant. The staff is friendly and quick. The apple sauce pancakes sent me to heaven. I had them with bacon and over medium eggs. Unattended children will be given an espresso and a free puppy lol.
3	Because a couple of my yelper buddies have said this is a great breakfast spot, we stopped in on Saturday for a late breakfast.The good:* Service is great here, you are greeted immediately and the servers are very friendly and personable.* We didn't have to wait for a table (maybe because we went at 11am?)The middle of the road:* The atmosphere borders on charming and old lady. I can't decide if it's cute or seriously needs a makeover. At any rate, the use of an old house in Gilbert is a super cute idea, it's just that something is missing in the decor to make it brighter and trendier or shabby chic.The not-so-good:* Everything is cooked with a ton of butter, from the eggs to the hashbrowns to the pancakes. I could literally feel my arteries clogging after taking one bite. Don;t get me wrong, the hashbrowns taste is good, but the butter itself isn't so great in that high of a quantity.* The omelets are bland. Not a stick of seasoning in the omelet other than the butter that is).I don't have plans to go back. but I keep hearing about how great the cinnamon rolls are, so I may have to give that a shot. If so, I will update accordingly.
4	Very nice place to eat. A restaurant is all about the staff - and they are the nicest around. The food is great, and the atmosphere is relaxing. I like the old house decor. They do it well.
2	Not great at all...the cute house can only get you so far!
5	I went to breakfast with a friend yesterday and had a great experience that I wanted to share.  I love going out to breakfast - it is one of my favorite things to do - and my buddy and I make a habit of do this often together.  We have tried a lot of places, and for me it comes down to this: I just want a place that serves good food and treats us nice.  I have been to a lot of places that seem to treat their customers like a number, or worse, like a bother, but this was not one of those places.  I am not a hoity-toity type, and I tend to stay away from those kinds of people and restaurants, so if you are looking for that, you probably want to go someplace else.  But if you are looking for honest, decent, and genuine, these people are as good as it gets.  It is like going to a small country town and sitting down with people that you have known all your life.  I went on a Saturday morning, and ate inside (you can also choose to eat outside, which I have enjoyed in the past).  I was in the mood for a hearty meal, so I had the chicken friend steak, which comes on biscuits, and is covered with sausage gravy (don't tell my doctor), hash browns, and two eggs.  My meal was very filling and tasted good.  My friend had the Green Omlett with chorizo, and he loved it.  They have Apple Pancakes, which I am told are wonderful, so I will try them on my next visit.  By the way, my friend loves the cinnamon rolls too, but I was too full to try one.  Overall I think the food is good, but pretty standard breakfast fare, which is ok with me because that is just what I was looking for.  The food was good, don't get me wrong, but that is not the reason why I have 5 stars.  I gave them because while I was there, I had the feeling that the owner (Susan) and her staff cared about me as a customer and that she genuinely wanted me to come back.  In short, they were friendly and treated us like family.  Customer service is important to me, and I refuse to do business someplace that takes me for granted, but The Gilbert House is definitely my kind of place!  My waitress on this most recent visit was Andrea, who as it turns out is the owner's daughter, and the apple didn't fall far from the tree.  Andrea immediately struck me as a kind and caring person, who has a great sense of humor and is very easy going.  She went out of her way to make me and my friend feel comfortable, and is one of the least assuming people you would ever want to meet - that alone will keep me coming back.  The restaurant is in a small, old Gilbert house, with wood floors that bounce a bit when walked on, which adds to the quaintness of the location.  My only complaint is that it can get a bit noisy inside, because the sound bounces around a lot in the small rooms, but people were conscientious about this and it didn't take away from the good experience I had.  My overall opinion is that they have the best possible combination of good comfort food and great hospitality.  I highly recommend this restaurant and look forward to my return visit.
5	You can't go wrong with whatever you order here, but pancakes and french toast are delicious!  Great patio seating and the staff is awesome! Highly recommended!!
2	Service and customer recovery skills are poor. Insulting your customers, making excuses and forgetting to wait on them are all great reason to remove you from our list of regular restaurants to visit and recommend. Food is good and we considered this one of our regular favorites (that we recommended to everyone) until our recent visit.
5	This place is delicious! They are super nice which is probably because they cram you into small quarters but the food really makes up for. The pricing is fair and the management talks to everyone as if they'd known them for years. Got the corned beef and hash! Delicious!!! And their English muffins are buttery heaven
5	My husband and I go out for breakfast every weekend and hunt for the perfect breakfast. Ater many, many tries, we finally found it! The Gilbert House is fantastic! We had an outstanding cinnamon roll, French toast, and a green chile omelette on our first visit. I've ordered that omelet several times since :) The food and service are consistently great! We found out this is a family owned restaurant and they obviously put love and care into their place. I can't recommend this place enough! Skip the chaos of downtown Gilbert and drive just a minute more to Gilbert House.
4	Stopped for lunch with my daughter about 30 minutes before they close and we were treated with friendly, unrushed service. The waitress and owner said several times, No Hurry at all and they made us feel like they really meant it. Looking forward to going back when the weather permits more enjoyable Patio dining -- its too hot right now. Delicious flavor with our food and next time we can probably split something since we aren't big eaters.Charming area with trees and grass to wonder around outside. Doesn't feel like you are in the desert in Arizona.
5	Perfect place for brunch in Gilbert. Good food, good prices. Cinnamon rolls are amazing, as are the eggs Benedict. The only thing you need to know is if you value privacy in your conversations, sit outside. The house itself is an old, small home so the rooms are small to the point of hearing everyone's conversation. I like the cozy atmosphere, but that's just me! Serving staff are excellent and always have a smile on their face! What more can I say? This place is the perfect morning/noon place to eat for brunch food.
3	The food is really good here and the prices are decent HOWEVER, every single time I've come here (three times) the service is crappy. For example: you get to the front of the restaurant and there's a sign in sheet. Signed in, nobody comes out for 3-4 minutes. Two other groups sign in and have a seat. The hostess comes out and immediately begins the process of seating the couple sitting next to the sign in sheet which she didn't even consider looking at! Luckily they told her they weren't first. We get seated, order, food comes out and then we're ignored. I ran out of every beverage. Waitress said she was going to come back....nope. Another gal was walking around filling up cups-every table but ours! At this point I'm starting to take it personal. The family that sat behind us were clearly friends of the manager because they had top notch service. Someone was there constantly asking if they were okay. So f you Gilbert house. You're a Regina George and I now feel personally victimized
5	If you are looking for a fantastic breakfast in a down-home setting - THIS is the place for you! I've been here a few times and each time was remarkable! The service is friendly & efficient and the place is super clean. The food portions are generous, the price is reasonable and the taste is terrific!A solid 5 stars! Keep up the great work!
1	Tired of bad service! my husband and I just left this place. We were ignored for 15 min. Not even a cup of coffee or water, just a good morning from one of the staff. Honesty the owners should be looking this problem closely. I could not believe that is what they call service. Please acknowledge your customers!!
5	BIG! BIG! fan of Susan's apple pancakes.Always great service and always great food. And great atmosphere in a Sears craftsman house
5	The G House is the place to be! Now I have not been here on a weekend morning yet but I can only assume the place is packed! The restaurant is just the cutest, nestled in downtown Gilbert the building and location has a rich history.But lets talk about this food... wow! Fresh ingredients, prepared with love. You can always catch the owner Susan greeting her customer and preparing baked goods in the kitchen. The desert is never a question of hmmm should I? No, it is a MUST here! Whether its pie, cake, muffins, buns... oh no now my mouth is watering. I would definitely reccommend the Gilbert House and will be frequenting often myself!
4	What a great spot.  Super cute and intimate,  awesome patio.  The food is well made,  generous portions,  and reasonably priced.  A little bit of a wait on Saturday morning but that's to be expected of course.  Come here for brunch with the family and support a great local business.
2	Food is excellent. However, if your a vegetarian things are challenging.  I had to send my food back twice due to bacon the first time and the second time corn beef and sausage in my hash browns.  I finally gave up. My husband, a meat eater, also had meat in his hash browns...which he did not mind at all.Owner says the grill is small and things can get mixed together.  Not a big deal unless you have issues with certain foods.
1	My experience at the Gilbert House restaurant was not a good one. The hostess who also claimed to be the owner was very friendly to the people she knew and virtually ignored everyone elso who was waiting. In fact I felt she was rude and rather insulting.My food was average at best especially considering the length of time we waited. The house is quaint and our waitress was very nice but under the circumstances that isn't enough to make up for an otherwise bad dining experience.
4	Yum! Food was good. Too many flies hanging around though, that was annoying. Cute little house. Coffee was better than the average cafe. We will go back!
5	The place is quaint and cozy. The food is FANTASTIC! Try the apple pancakes for sure. Staff is friendly and like I said the food is to die for. Next time I need breakfast I'm there.
1	Was disappointed with service & mgmt. Owner thought we were doing HER a favor by coming here. Asked to be moved away from front door as it was 45 deg outside...gave me a look like, "how dare you ask me that!!" Could tell she went into kitchen and told our server, as she then comes out with an attitude. Other way better places, sans the attitude in Gilbert to eat at. I'm done with this place.
1	over price and food is not that great
4	Great cinnamon rolls,  coffee and green Chile omelet. service is friendly and quick. The restaurant is quaint and just what they call it, The Gilbert House. It's a 50s style home converted to a very nice local restaurant.
2	My husband and I moved to Gilbert in 2005 and the very first restaurant we tried was GH. Who can resist the ambience offered when dining in an authentic 1928 Sears and Roebuck home. The floors creak adding a fun and haunting element to the dining experience and I am a sucker for establishments who when you order soda deliver an ice cold can accompanied by a glass filled with clear ice.Since arriving in Gilbert we have made sure to visit them at least once a month (once a week at times.) The first bite of food leaves a person chuckling at how many people have chosen to visit IHOP or any other corporate chain thinking they're getting as good of a breakfast as one would expect. Clearly those people have not visited Gilbert House. For if they did, they would see what a better experience it is, right? Well not if they chose to go today.Like many, our finances are limited to a point where we can't afford to eat out on any level and today we did so for the first time in 6 months. We wanted to meet my parents for breakfast and thought it a good reason to splurge and I insisted that if we were going anywhere we were going to Gilbert House.When we arrived there were probably about 30 people waiting for tables. As is the standard in most well run establishments, they said they could not seat us until the other half of our party arrived. Of course we were willing to wait! It's The Gilbert House! It's always worth the wait, right?So...we waited patiently. And as we waited we heard the owner telling a group of 4 that she would seat them prior to the rest of THEIR party arriving because she'd met them while in Hawaii and could make exceptions for them because she "owned the place."We continued to wait and after a further twenty minutes or so our party had still not arrived. The number of people waiting was now down to five people, us and a young couple with their baby. I strolled through the patio where I noticed five tables fully cleaned and empty. I then strolled through the interior where there were also several tables cleaned and ready for service.I asked the owner if in light of the dwinding waiting list we could be seated so that we could at least get started on a cup of coffee. She instantly became defensive (in a manner eerily similar to that of Maleisa Hughes of Green Acre Boarding, another supposed "respectable Gilbert business") and stated that we could either wait or we could leave. If we were to stay, however, we could make our dissatisfaction known by not tipping our server. Great! Suggest that your customers punish your hard working staff by leaving no tip because YOU treat people badly. (I will say that despite the owner's suggestion our server was handsomely tipped for her A+ service.)So in the interest of good behavior , I walked away. She followed me outside and loudly reprimanded my husband and me in front of anyone who happened to be seated on the patio, the young couple and their baby, and people walking up to the building only to turn around when they saw how she was behaving.Our party arrived and we were seated without being offered to sit at one of the empty tables inside. We were instead placed at a table outside where the menus were pretty much thrown at us and the air was way too cold for my father who has bad circulation. Ten minutes after being seated we were finally visited by our waitress and finally were allowed to order coffee. We ordered our food. When the bacon bacon came out it was practically raw. We asked that it be cooked a little longer. When it came back it was unbelievably burnt as if it had been done so on purpose This reminded me of the now legendary Amy's Bakery featured on Kitchen Nightmares where a pizza served raw and sent back is baked until it is charred in an attempt to tell the customer that they shouldn't have any complaints.The owner, (who like any 50 year old who dresses like she is 20 sticks out like a sore thumb) made her rounds checking with each table to see how they were doing. When it came to our table, however, she made a point of walking right past ignoring us completely. And unlike every other patron, she let us walk right out without so much as a "kiss my butt."As we got into our car we could see her glaring and pointing at us as she was speaking to guests seated on the patio. More childish behavior from the biggest low life to ever own a restaurant resulting in and end of 8 years of loyal patronage.
5	We love this place!! Best breakfast in town and its family owned which we love to support!  The food is amazing! Pumpkin pancakes were THE BEST!! I'm a huge salsa lover and the salsa is awesome here, I smother my eggs with it... Sooo yummy!
5	What a lovely experience, to have breakfast in a quaint 1938 Sears pre-fab farmhouse, with delicious and beautifully presented food. The aroma from the muffins was so wonderful. Fresh ingredients from the juice to the salads.  The Boyd coffee smelled fantastic! Worth the wait...and it does get crowded, as there is looted searing.
