3	This place has been packed for dinner since it opened a few weeks ago. We had pizza this time while pizza is thin and crispy and pretty good it is over priced for what it is they do not look like their picture's with pile's of stuff on them, they are mainly flat and chinsey w the topping's. Who know's maybe you would have to add lot's of topping's to get it tasty so a make it yourself personal $8.50 12" pizza turn's into $11. I'd rather go to Ray's accross the street personally. The beer and wine selection is not too bad. I will probably eat here again but not for the pizza. The kid loved the mac & cheese $4 incl. drink is ok by me.
2	This little restaurant offers gourmet pizzas, salads, pannis and wine in a casual atmosphere. As customary, my wife and daughter all ate family style and ordered the suggested Chicken, Pine Nuts, Tomato & Gorgonzola salad and Pepperoni pizza. Being from Illinois, I'm a huge fan of Monical's thin crust pizza (which my wife now loves) so all thin crust pizza's are held to this standard. The pizza was a good attempt but didn't not replace Monical's pizza as the best thin crust. It was thin (almost cracker grade) and good, but just missed the boat on best. On the salad side, I'm not much of a salad eater, but this one did have very good flavor and offered up a great variety for taste. My only real criticism is that the restaurant is trying too hard to be on the high end of the yuppie scale with high prices and just too much arrogance from the staff. They were different in the sense that I felt the "you are lucky to be served her", however, when we asked for suggestions, the manager jumped in and made some very good, en-lighted and friendly suggestions that saved the day.
2	The first time I went to Sauce, I had a sandwich, and I really liked it. I also really liked the retro decor of the place. It was different and seemed non-chain-like (whatever that means). The second time I went to Sauce, I had their pepperoni pizza, and it was, eh, okay. Nothing special...at...all. It was greasy and there was too much cheese for the thin crust to hold up so the slices were kinda limp when you picked them up. I've had better pizza from places like Ray's Pizza and Sardellas for a much more reasonable price. The biggest problem I had with this second visit was that a few minutes after we sat down, they brought out my Mom's sandwich, but didn't bring out the pizza until probably 15 or 20 minutes later. H-E-L-L-O?! My Mom was already halfway done with her sandwich. We ordered them all together, so why didn't they bring the entire order out at the same time? That is a very bad way to serve food.  But, I do have to give them a little props because the manager came out with the pizza and apologized for it taking so long.  I think Sauce is pretty much overrated. The decor and look of the restaurant is kinda cool, but they need to work on their pizzas. I'll probably go back, but only for their sandwiches from now on.
3	Sauce -Well enuf said .. no it's not that I didn't like it , it was ...fine .Just not exciting not wow this is sooo good, just fine.  I wanted Lasagna . I had Lasagna. It tasted like great frozen food you get at Costco. But  would  I want some of this restaurant's Lasagna   again   , don't know , don't care.   I wish I had been more impressed. A good friend of mine loves Sauce, I want to say to lots of  my friends , " Hey there is the great new place up at the new place on Happy Valley "   But I am not going to because I  rather eat some where that knocks my socks off. The atmosphere was clean . crisp ,  beautiful  brick oven glowing . Lots of modern but Homey decor. I really want to love it.
4	My friend works across the street from the Happy Valley plaza so we frequently meet in the area for dinner. Sauce is usually the first place I suggest since I prefer it far more than the other (crappy) chains nearby. The pizzas and salads are good, the prices are right and the atmosphere is nice & casual. Service is pretty good considering they don't have a "real" waitstaff. Just noticed two pizzas that I'll have to try next time: wild mushroom + truffled arugula and prosciutto + melon.
2	After reading a few reviews and desperately searching for the One Pizza To Rule Them All here in AZ, I decided it was time to try Sauce (also, I didn't want to study any more).  I'm not sure exactly what I expected, but Sauce wasn't it.It was good.  Not great, but decent.  The food was fresh and hot.  It tasted fine, I just wasn't really thrilled by it.  I just felt like I could have ordered a pizza from the school cafeteria and would have gotten only slightly less quality (and no wine).  Oh, and the wine servings are very tiny.  Not a way to earn fans.
4	I went to Sauce for the second time on a recent Friday night.  This was my first time at the Norterra location and the first time in several years since I've been there.  The ordering process is similar to Pei Wei, menu boards on the wall as you are in line, with a couple of registers at the front.  The line was short, so we were ordering in no time after we decided.  We chose to share a mozzarella/fontina/basil pizza and chicken/pine nuts/tomato/ gorgozola salad.  The restaurant was crowded, but fortunately we spotted someone leaving as we were searching for a seat, so we didn't have to look outside.  We sat down, and I went to get our drinks.  This is one area where the design of the restaurant is a bit of a cluster, walking to and from the beverage station over our entire visit, I almost ran into (or was almost run into) by employees coming out of the kitchen area.  Luckily, no incidents occurred, so it wasn't a big deal.The salad came out pretty quickly and was good.  The chicken was especially tasty, though I didn't have too much, as I was saving room for the pizza, which came out a reasonable amount of time later.  I enjoyed the pizza very much, the flavor was quite good.  I liked it so much that I had five of the eight slices!  My only minor quibble would be that the middle of the pizza didn't have the same crisp as most of the rest of the pizza.  Overall though, very good.We enjoyed Sauce.  The food was good and was a nice value (we had a free salad with pizza purchase coupon).  Solid four stars, I'll be back.
1	If I were to name this restaurant with only one word, it would be...BLAH. Everything was...just there. When you burp after you eat at Sauce, it doesn't even have a flavor. It is THAT bland.  I wasted 45 minutes and $44 that I will never get back again on this sorry excuse of an eatery.
4	My wife and grandkids went to Sauce 10 9 09 we had the sausage pizza the creamy hot tomatoe soup plus three pastas. The food Is incredible big portions and a great price, not to mention are server was awesome.
4	i'm consistently happy with this location. we always get takeout - a pepperoni pizza and the pasta, chicken and cheese, and an extra roll. the pizza is really good, and really light. i like that they use a lot of garlic, most of the time. the pasta, chicken and cheese lives up to its name with tender chicken, perfect tubular pasta and cheese, tossed with some broccoli. i'm not sure if the sauce is actually cheese, or alfredo, or both, but either way it is consistently good. they give us an extra roll at no charge, which is kind and saves us from squabbling. parmesan and red peppers are standard and appreciated with the pizza. service is friendly and quick.
4	You know, after experiencing True Foods and some other restaurants Fox Restaurant Concepts have plated up for me, I was reticent to eat at Sauce.  Yeah, well fuck that goofiness.  Sauce is sauce-tacular, sauce-sational, sauce-ariffic even.  Man this is turning into a weak-sauce review (ba-dum-chee).  I'm not drunk or high or anything, I just can't think of anything else that'll make this baby pop, you know?  Lets see, me old lady and me had a cheese pizza and a salad.  Thank god she only ate a few slices cause I felt the need to scarf her half of the pie in addition to mine.  And I'd say I ate a good quarter of her salad. NOM NOM NOM.   Like a fat kid at a fatty camp.  So overall, two thumbs up.  I need to try to get sauced here the next time I'm here.  Sauce.
1	I too am also a fan of other FOX concept resturaunts but Sauce was extremely disappointing. Had seen the location at the Scottsdale Water Front but never seemed enticed enough to enter until the other night. My cousin and I met up at a central location and unfortunately this seemed like the best option in the Norterra lot.He had a pizza, which for my opinion are over-priced for their quality and size. Their menu doesn't span much taste-buds but can get any general idea of a "classy" pizza across. It was burnt and too crispy, even for just a plan pepperoni and cheese, it was boring.Torn between wanting some pizza and a salad, I ordered their "greek"ish salad which was pretty good. Although it was delicious, the salad was way to rich to eat entirely by one's self.  I was mostly turned off by their service of wine in what appeared to be a juice cup. Maybe thats fine for my kitchen but thats at home where it doesn't cost per glass. My Mom informed me later that in a juice cup is actually how they drink it ususally across the Atlantic. hmp, didn't know that. All in all, don't think I'll be getting sauced with Sauce again.
4	This was my first time at Sauce.  I didn't realize you had to order at the counter and then they brought it out to you...which is OK just unexpected.   My friend and I split the cucumber salad and a pepperoni pizza...ULTRA thin pepperoni pizza.  Both were awesome.  I could have totally eaten the whole pizza myself though and will when I go back.
2	Yesterday I ordered a Meatball Panini Sandwich and a small drink. The cashier handed me my table number while I was trying to cope with sticker shock. Any lunch that costs $11.20 better be a kick-ass, take no prisoners bountiful gastronomical feast.Although the sandwich tasted good, I felt like I was served a child's portion. I asked myself........Where's the Beef?, certaintly not at Sauce. I will not return since I feel that their sandwich prices should be at least a 1/3 lower given how puny they are; not worth the money in my opinion.
1	I normally love Sauce, but I had the worst experience here on Memorial Day.  If that would have been the first time I ate here, I definitely wouldn't have ever returned.I went to eat with my boyfriend around 5:30pm.  The restaurant was not busy.  However, the service was super slow.  I ordered the side of pasta shells with chicken and he ordered soup and a sandwich.  His was brought out first.  He ate slowly trying to wait for me, but after at least 10-15 minutes his food was getting cold as he waited for my simple dish to be finished.  I'm not sure why it was taking so long since it wasn't busy.I finally went up to the manager, a lady who was walking around not doing a damn thing. (There was actually a guy in front of me complaining about how long it was taking to get his food too)  I told her that my order hadn't come out after waiting 20 minutes and that my boyfriend's food was now cold because he has been waiting to eat WITH me.  She was so flustered and said she'd find out.  She brought it to me a minute later and said she was sorry but that she couldn't control her staff.  WHAT?!?  How unprofessional!  I couldn't believe that she was blaming her kitchen staff, especially to a customer.  Maybe you shouldn't be a manager if you can't get your staff to work together.  She did offer me a slice of dessert that I took to go.  I got a slice of cheesecake.  It was awful.  Very dry.So you would think that since I just got this dish right from the kitchen it would be super hot, right?  Nope, no steam coming up.  I tasted it and it was luke warm!  How is that possible?  How long has this been sitting out?I also paid for extra chicken and I am not kidding when I say there were only 4 small pieces of shredded chicken at the bottom of the cup.  Normally there is so much chicken added, but today it was non-existent.  I couldn't even be bothered to talk to the manager again.Also, it was really messy inside.  Most tables had crumbs and hadn't been wiped down.  We ended up moving tables because we were right under the AC vent and both chairs I sat in were covered in crumbs that I had to wipe off.Such a disappointment since I had my heart on eating here today.
4	This was my first experience at this quick place to eat.   I had the Chicken and Pine Nuts salad.  The portion was perfect and it left me wanting to come back for it again.   The servers were very friendly and came by to ask us if we needed anything several times.  I highly recommend it.
4	I tried this place after receiving a coupon in the Norterra flyer. I wasn't disappointed. This place has really good pizza and salads! Service was very speedy and their food was excellent. We ended up splitting a salad and a pizza and still had food to take home! Sauce also servers wine and beer which really compliments the food. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed with the food.
3	I would knock someone over for this pizza - its really, really, really good.  And I always get the chicken/pine nut salad.  It's such a simple, fresh combination and it just works.  But something ALWAYS goes awry with the delivery/service when I come here.... forgotten rolls, missing silverware, etc.  It just seems like turnover is extremely high so I'm sure its simply inexperience, but for a fast/casual place with a limited menu you'd think some things would be a given.
4	I go here often for lunch and love their salads and on occasion have had their pizza too.  Both of which are tasty and keep me coming back for more.  Service is touch and go depending on the day, but I have to say that most days are good.
2	First time here.  Had a late lunch today because we had a gift card from our son.  This place is OK.  That's about all I can say . . . 2 pizza's + 2 beers = $30.  Crust is very thin.  Go if you love thin dry crust.  Don't think I'd ever go back.  There were a few tables with dirty dishes.  They weren't busy at all.  Wish I could say more.  I'm sorry but this place didn't excite.
3	The good:Great service, friendly staffTasty, well cooked pizza crust, sauce & ingredientsGood variety of pizza toppingsDelish saladThe bad:Skimpy on the pizza toppingsI got a no-cheese pizza with red pizza sauce, basil, broccoli, crimini mushrooms & tomato. The pizza was cooked well and the crust was crunch, crispy & tasty, they've got it down! Topping were definitely skimpy though. When someone orders a no cheese pizza, you gotta hook up the toppings! I wound up combining toppings from 3 different slices on to 1 just to get enough coverage.My wife got a chopped salad with a delicious vinagrette dressing that she really enjoyed.Vegans should avoid the red pasta sauce and the tomato soup, as they both include cream. The red pizza sauce & crust is vegan.
4	I did hear bad reviews about this place... but I went in here, and I actually kinda liked it.  The salads are great (I had the chicken, walnut and apple with spinach), the pasta (meatballs... YUMMY) is excellent.  It's cool that you can get a glass of wine with it.  It's VERY casual and the service is good.  It's reminiscent of a Pei Wei, but with italian.Good for a quick stop in.
3	Sauce is A~OK with a solid 3 star rating because the service is excellent their turkey and feta salad is amazing but their pizza is unique and just OK at best.  My son and bride would give them a 4 or 5 star rating for their salads and mac~n~cheese, but since this my review and I eat pizza, they are a 3 stars.  They are conveniently located in the Norterra Shopping area making this place a go to prior to catching a movie or doing some shopping.We found it best to go when they are having their special (1 pizza, 2 drinks and a salad for $20) and it is a really good deal. The turkey and feta salad with turkey, feta, corn, cucumber, tomato, avocado & almonds is one of the best salads I've had at a pizzeria. They also have a new, very tasty Chicken, Spinach & Apple salad with gorgonzola and candied walnuts.  Yum!  Again my son says their mac~n~cheese is awesome and we like their little bread roles.We've tried almost all of their pizzas and you would think having a name like "Sauce" and advertising pizza as your specialty this would imply they have amazing pizza sauce.  But no, it's average tasting at best and there's barely any of it (sauce that is) or toppings on their pies.  There crust is good providing it's not burnt.  We've had to send a few back due to severe "char~age" around the edges.  Don't get me wrong, it's decent pizza and the crust is surprisingly good for being so thin, but still I could go to Barro's and get a more filling pizza that tastes just as good for the money. The service was great. It's one of those places that you go in, order at the register, pay and then pick a table, sit down and wait for your food to be brought to you.  Our food usually comes out quickly, so we are very happy with the service and can plan to see a movie after wards. Great place to go for the value if they are having their special!
4	great pizza, apparently the pepperoni is in "the top twenty"
4	The atmosphere is "so-so" but the food is surprisingly delicious for the money. The chicken broccoli cheese pasta is light and flavorful. The goat cheese bruschetta is also worth checking out it you like earthy, acidic flavors. Lastly, the pizza is good but not amazing. The crust is VERY thin- almost cracker-like, would recommend as an appetizer. They also serve beer and wine which is a definite plus.
3	Sauce is good. The pizza is always reliable and the service has always been good as well. We don't go for dinner, its only for lunch for us. Chicken Caesar Pizza is good with nice big shaved pieces of parmesan. The pine nut salad is tasty.
3	I stopped into the Sauce at the Norterra shopping center today after the pedicure I recieved in the area. I have eaten at Sauce several times and always get the same thing..the Chicken and Broccoli Pizza, but today I was in them mood to try something different. I got the order togo and ordered the Meatball Panini. I was pleasantly surprised with how tasty and fresh this sandwish tasted. Inside the box the sandwich was in was an italian pepper that helped add a great aroma to the food as well as a giving the sandwich extra flavor. The sandwich came with parmesan and garlic chips that were amazing! I was excited with my afternoon stop at this Sauce location and plan on heading back knowing that I can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
4	I had been to one of the Scottsdale locations before but this was my first time at the Norterra location. We chose to stop in because of thie summer special they are running... A pizza, salad, and two glasses of wine for $20. I just had a pepperoni pizza and caesar salad but I have had the caesar salad pizza before and it is also really good. The ordering process at Sauce is similar to Pei Wei which makes for a casual environment but a great dinner before a movie. We are glad that they opened up this location.
5	I have never been to a restaurant like this before and I LOVE IT!I had the sausage and sauteed onion pizza with a glass of snoqualmie Riesling. I've never really been a fan of thin crusted pizza's but this was absolutely amazing!! The prices were extremely fair and lovable. The ordering process was a little weird to me, as I've never experienced something quite like it before, You walk up to the counter, put your order in there (like a fast food place), pay then you walk over to the drink station and sit down and they bring you your meal. The service I received was fast and amazing! Now that I have experienced Sauce I will definitely be coming for more!
4	I recommend the chicken and pine nut salad.  The dressing is perfect.  Their pizza crust is thin but perfectly toasted.  Great service, very friendly and they serve vino!  Can't beat that, cheers!
4	Haven't tried their pizza yet but I do love the pasta shells and meatball.  The side order is big enough for a meal for one. The atmosphere is casual, open, and airy. The staff is friendly and the location is ideal; near movie theater and shopping.
4	Went here for lunch with a coworker. Got the chicken and mozarella salad. VERY tasty, but small portion. They give you a roll in a bag, which was odd. $23 for 2 salads, so a little steep.
4	We've been twice for their summer deal, which was a great deal. The first time we had the caprese salad, which I loved, and the prosciutto and melon pizza, which was.... ok. Nothing too exciting there, I wont get it again. The second time was the chicken and pine nut salad, this is salad was really good as well. We also had the sausage and caramelized onion pizza which was much better than the prosciutto one. Its a great place for a cheap meal before a movie. We will be going back.
5	Mmmm
5	Yummy food! I love the mac-n-cheese, the grilled cheese, their chips, and their tomato soup which is THE BEST! Everything here is always delicious! The staff is very friendly! Highly recommended!
3	This is a pleasant lunch spot that is a quick alternative to fast food.   The pizzas are the thin crusted style you find in Italy.  The topping combinations are different and enjoyable. The Mac' 'N' Cheese is very good.
3	I had lunch with some friends today and it was a good experience.  I have been here several times and can share it has never been bad.  We had a party of 11 and the staff was very accommodating, helpful and customer service oriented.  A lot of times when you have large group restaurant employees get annoyed and are not very friendly.  In our case they were very attentive and helpful. We sat outside and enjoyed the patio seating, but since it's mid December it was rather chilly, the gal who brought out our meals was very nice and asked if we would like the patio heaters on and started them up right away for us. Also while serving my beverage I had dropped my plastic cup before filling it, (thank goodness it was still empty!!!) the lady at the register proceeded to approach me with a new one before I could even make it to the register counter to ask for a replacement.  I was impressed!  They're on their game...I had a spinach chicken apple salad and half a panini. The salad was extremely fresh and very flavorful.  The sandwich was very good as well.  I wouldn't say I love this place nor is it my favorite choice but it is a good pick if you are in the mood for some pizza, pasta or salad at a fair price while shopping or in the area.  Since they also serve an okay variety of wine it is also perfect for a  dinner quick bite if you are already in the area as a matter of convenience. In other words...I wouldn't ever drive out of my way to make a special trip for Sauce specifically.  Happy dining peeps! Ciao! :)
4	I'm not sure how this place has a three star rating overall, unless people expect something crazy awesome.This is one of the Fox Restaurant Concepts and in my opinion, it's the best.  (Although I do enjoy the asparagus at North!)I've only eaten in here once or twice at most maybe.  Most times I'm just picking up to go on the way home.  I love the "Pasta, Chicken and Broccoli".  It's just the right size portion and despite being pasta with a cream sauce I never feel like it's too heavy.If you're looking for quick food for the family this place is a great alternative to fast food.
5	I love Sauce, oh so much. Their food is always fresh and everything I have had there is AMAZING. They have great salads with large portions, their pasta dishes are to die for, and I always ask for an extra bread because its just really good. Great place for a casual date night, girls night or just want to eat some good food!
5	Very delicious food without long waits! The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I look forward to going back.
4	If you got a craving for pizza and don't want to feel too guilty about eating it, this always seems to satiate that fix. The pizzas here are ultra thin and there are many varieties available. Bryan and I always get 2 pizzas because we would still be hungry if we just order one without an appetizer and we can always take the extra home. Today we ate the pepperoni and mushroom pizza and the potato and feta cheese pizza with olive tempanade. Both were yummy in their own way! We ate the tomato, mozzarella, and pesto bruschetta as an appetizer which came out unbelievably quick while waiting for our pizzas. Sauce's pizzas are unique in their own right that I crave when I want something lighter than regular hand tossed pizzas yet don't want to spend as much for gourmet pizzas. It's a comfortable yet yummy in-between compromise!
5	Even though I don't dine here nearly as often as my taste buds would like, I love Sauce! The handful of times I've been here, I've never had anything to complain about. I've had a few different menu items, namely, chicken/pine nut salad, chicken/spinach/apple salad, chicken/broccoli pasta, chicken/broccoli pizza and nothing has ever disappointed. Right now they have their summer special: one pizza, one salad, two glasses of wine for $20. Such a delicious deal!
5	I love this place, I come to this location about once a month and I love it! It's priced great and has a great atmosphere to just hang out at. I went there yesterday and my bread roll was very hard which is REALLY unusual, so I asked to get another one. I wasn't trying to make a big deal out of it or anything but the kitchen manager baked all new rolls and brought them to my friend and I and was EXTREMELY apologetic which wasn't necessary but greatly appreciated. He also mentioned that he threw away the entire previous batch, they really go out of their way to make you happy there. I'll be coming back for years to come.
5	SCRUMPTIOUS! Their summer deal of a pizza, appetizer, and two glasses of wine for $20 or $25 (I forget) was an awesome deal. Every pizza I've has been delicioso, the wine was great, the caprese was wonderful, and their caesar salad is fantastic. I'm a fan! When the weather is nice, I love sitting on the patio and people watching. It's a great combo between a full-service restaurant and a fast-food place.
2	Just to be clear, when they say a side of meatballs, pasta and red sauce, they really mean pasta with red sauce and a meatball.
3	Lovely, chewy thin crust pizza here. Not a bad stop at all if looking for quick pizza, salad or sandwich options. Just know that it's "fast casual" so don't expect a nice lingering atmosphere on a Friday night.
4	MMMmmm this place has some yummy flatbreads! Got the wild mushroom and truffle arugula pizza and a chicken apple and spinach salad. Both items were excellent and comes in such large servings that my roommate and I couldn't finish it in one sitting. Everything tasted fresh and healthy... not heavy like most pizzas. Prices are fair for the quantity, service is good too!
3	I've been to Sauce at Norterra a few time before and always had a good experience.  We recently came here during a Friday night car show.  Wow this place was really busy, and we were lucky that we came right before the rush!  Sauce is a restaurant where you stand in line to order, then you get a number and the food is brought out to you.  I actually like restaurants like this when I'm in a hurry or don't feel like being served at the table.We ordered a salad with apple, chicken and walnuts it to start. It came to our table before our pasta and it was very good.  We also ordered Mac and Cheese with Chicken  added. I enjoyed it very much but the wife didn't think it was much.  I did notice that chicken was a little dry and hard..it seemed old to me.  I've had the chicken and Mac before and it came out better before.  I would have complained if we were not in a hurry so I just ate it.  Not totally satisfied. Anyways ill come back here for one more time to give a final rating.  I would like to rate it 4 stars but it was a little hard to do with my last taste with chicken.  I wont totally write off Sauce just yet though!
4	This place is great. Think fast food Italian style but everything is made fresh. The ingredients are wonderful and their wine is delicious too (especially for the price). For around $20 two people can enjoy a pizza and two glasses of wine. I recommend this place to those that are in the mood for good Italian food but don't feel like the typical delivered pie or the expense of some other sit down Italian restaurants.
4	Love Sauce as a casual lunch spot.  Their pizzas are delicious, using fresh ingredients.  We also love the caprese salad, the dressing is a great balsamic vinaigrette.  The Snoqualmie Riesling is a favorite.  We've also had some of their salads and their bruschettas are tasty too.
5	So dellish! Tried it for the first time today and loved it! The staff was friendly, the place was very clean and the food was so good! totally recommend!
3	Do you like cracker-like, ultra crunchy pizza crust? Then this is the place for you. The menu consists of salads, pizzas and I think a couple pastas and sandwiches. My sister and I came here for lunch with her two young boys (ages 5 and 3). It's the type of place where you order at a counter, they give you a number and then bring your food to you. There is a soda fountain with the usual suspects and some teas. My sister ordered the chicken Caesar pizza, I had the mushroom and pepperoni. My pizza was overly greasy and hers had to be eaten with a knife and fork. The crust is just ridiculous. I'm not kidding when I say it's like a cracker. Only mine got soggy from the grease.The boys did not like their food. The 5 year old had a cheese pizza, the crunch was weird to him and the black stuff on the bottom from the wood fired oven FREAKED HIM OUT. He picked off all the cheese and pretended to eat the pizza all while attempting to avoid the black stuff. The 3 year old had the grilled cheese and he sort of enjoyed it, barely. They use two types of cheese and press it in a panini, which is a little high brow for someone who still sometimes pees his pants. Overall, I sort of enjoyed it, but would not return.
5	Love the sausage and peperoni pizza, go hand tossed
5	Sauce is the best. I love the $20 deal for a pizza a salad and 2 glasses of wine. My husband and I just went there for dinner. It was quick and  yummy
1	Where is 2470 W Happy Valley Rd.  It's not near the large 2480 number on the building in the middle of the block on the north side of the street.
4	This place reminds me a little like the Italian restaurant, Pompeii, in Chicago where my roommate and I ordered food from there quite a bit. We ordered carry out from here. I wonder since I was visiting her here in Phoenix, she thought about getting us food from this place. I did deviate from what we typically order and got the Salami, Turkey, Ham and Mozzarella panini. It had a red wine vinaigrette that made it taste really good. The ingredients appear to be fresh and well packaged. The prices seemed average to me from Chicago standards, but unsure if it's pricey for the area here. I wouldn't mind trying out some other items here.
4	Sauce is great. I've been here a few times, can't really say I remember what I had (saw the restaurant name in a list and thought I'd write a quick review). The portions aren't overly huge or too small, but they are designed to make you feel full. Each time we went, the food was pretty damn tasty, the service was not too shabby either. It's a little confusing between ordering your food and them bringing it to you and whether or not you should clear your own table. That's what keeps them from a five star. The menu is tight and concise so you're not going to stare at it for an hour trying to decide between 8 different dishes. I do remember the first time we went in there I saw the menu and just thought "everything on here look really good". The beer selection is a little weak but we really only hit this place up before or after a movie due their proximity to the theater.Overall it's a great lunch spot. Haven't been there for dinner yet but I am absolutely going to go back to Sauce for more.
4	We usually hit this place up when they're running the special for the Summer Sampler. It's a great deal for $20! You get a pizza, salad and two glasses of wine. The pizza is probably 12-14 inches, which is definitely big enough to share. The salad is large enough to share, too, especially when you know that you can't stuff yourself with it because your pizza is coming soon. They do bring out a single roll when they bring the salad, which is weird because the deal is for 2 people. This time we tried the chicken, spinach & apple salad first, which was very good.I think it had gorgonzola cheese on it, and walnuts, too. For our pizza we opted for the chicken pesto, and we were very happy with our decision. It was delicious! I had a glass of Merlot and my wife had a glass of Chardonnay. I wasn't familiar with the label of either wine, but both of ours were good. There is a price cap for the items if you are getting the Summer Sampler, but 90% of the options fall within the allowance. I think the pizzas have to be less than $9.75, the salads have to be less than $7.75 and the wines have to be less than $6. When you add all of the things together, it's still around $30, so there's a $10 savings with the Summer Sampler. That's pretty significant. We'll definitely be returning to Sauce again!
5	Sauce rules. I have been to this loc specifically, a dozen times probably. It's always a good experience. The food is fresh and you usually don't wait long. Best items on the menu: Rosemary Potato and Basil pizza, Mac n Cheese and Caprese Salad. I also really love the Brushetta apps, can't go wrong there. The staff is always polite and friendly. Very reasonable pricing for what you get. One of my favorite lunch/dinner spots in the area!
5	We love this place.  We love it so much we eat there at least once a week.  Everything on the menu is good, and there is a wide variety of entrees.  The pizzas are around $10 and can easily feed two.  Salad portions are ample as well.  You really can't go wrong here.  The only downside is that it can get quite busy and can be difficult to find a seat.  That being said, it still doesn't deter us.
4	This location was recommended by a co-worker so we planned to head there for dinner that very night. It didn't disappoint.  We arrived around 7:30 p.m. and were able to walk right up to the register to order before taking out seats with a number.  I'm happy to have this place as my 100th review!  Yay!We decided to share the Sausage and Caramelized Onion pizza, a small order of the Pasta with Meatballs and the Tiramisu. Wanted to try a little of everything seeing as how this was our first visit and all.  The pasta was our least favorite - but wasn't bad!  There was only one meatball added to the small bowl order and the pasta was a touch overcooked so it was a little pasty.  Again, not a bad choice, just not the best ever pasta and meatball.  The pizza however, was delicious.  We chose the hand-tossed bread and it was really tasty.  The touch of sweet from the caramelized onions was a great blend with the savory sausage topping and cheese. The service was really well done.  The tiramisu wasn't brought out until we wanted it and the server was nice enough to have it held until that time - seems to be the norm here. They also brought out a box and cleared the table as soon as plates were empty.  As for the tiramisu - it was light and fluffy and had a great flavor to it - I'd order it again in a heartbeat.Overall: A-The pasta may have been a miss, but the rest was two thumbs up! We recommend the sausage pizza and the tiramisu without hesitation.
5	Finally made it into Sauce last night for the first time. There are so many chain restaurants here that we had always passed up what we thought was "just another pizza joint". I was very impressed!!! We tried the Pepperoni and Sausage and Chicken Pesto pizzas and also had the Turkey and Feta salad! Everything was delicious! The quality was amazing for the quick service! The menu was good sized and this will be one of those places where it's hard to choose something new next time!
5	We LOVE this Sauce location!  It didn't hit our radar until we discovered that it is part of the Fox Concept chain.  Since, True Food Kitchen is one of our favorite Fox restaurants, we thought we should give Sauce a try.  Wow!  We were NOT disappointed!  Since we don't eat meat or dairy, they recommended we ask for the Pizza sauce on our pasta since the regular pasta sauce has cream in it.   As for the pizzas and brushettas, Sauce is so accommodating to omit the cheese and substitute tapenade or whatever else you might like. The food is always delicious and made exactly like we order it.  The staff here is SO nice!!!  They make you feel very welcome and they are so eager to get our order just right.  Both managers, Patrick and Derrika, have a genuine welcoming vibe that keeps us coming back again and again.  You can tell that they appreciate their customers and want to make sure that they have a good dining experience at Sauce Norterra. Thank you Sauce staff for making our Friday Night "Date Nights" so enjoyable. Bravo! Keep up the good work...
5	Sauce is a great mix of good simple food. From bruschetta, a grilled cheese, pasta 'n meat balls, cheese cake and tiramisu, we had a sample of them all. It was dinner time on a Saturday night, but we still got a table quick. The staff was on the ball, quickly getting our orders in, cleaning up tables and making sure we were happy. The staff left a very positive impression, but so did the food! The bruschetta was packed with flavor, sweet savory, loved the basil and the fresh mozzarella. The grilled cheese was awesome, the bread was done in like a panini grill so it had nice deep, crispy lines in it. The pasta 'n meat balls was the largest portion and didn't disappoint anyone. Finally we splurged on desert, the cheesecake had a raspberry dressing added to it which really livened it up. Finally the tiramisu really hit the spot. Its a must get when you come to Sauce. Overall, our party had a great time and will certainly be back.
4	I went on a night where there was a car showing going on so it was soo packed!!! I waited in a fairly longgg time to order my food.We sat outside. Very small and cramped.But the food was great. The mac&cheese and caprsi salad. I loved it. Waitress was nice. I will def come back but on a lessBusy night i hope...Maybe they should come up with a easier way to order (no lines)
5	Pizza was amazing. The staff was not the best but wasn't horrible either. The only thing I would change is their seating. The chairs are very hard and little. My booty kept going numb throughout dinner lol :)
4	Yum! I love their caprese bruschetta and find myself craving it! The wait is usually pretty long but they can't help it they are so popular!My daughter loves their pasta and red sauce and the pizza is great too. Family friendly but not overrun with little kids.
2	ok, Tried Sauce in Chandler, n now this one.... Unless you are into over spending for less food just because it may be a little healthier, then have at it.. The flavors have been bland, and leave out of there for about 12 dollars and seriously still hungry.... I tried the Wild Mushroom pizza actually served on a Tortilla :-( lightly dusted with some cheese, ,,, mehhhhhMeatball Panini, is the only reason for the 2 stars and not 1... it did have some flavor, and the sauce it came with for dipping was decent, i would def try again forl like 6 bucks,,,, Not 10.Out of rotation ----
5	We stopped in at Sauce this evening for dinner prior to some pre-Valentines Day shopping.The restaurant was busy.  Despite this the staff was very friendly and efficient.The food was delivered quickly and was of the same good quality as my previous visits despite being a busy evening.The young lady who took our order first secured us a table and then took our order with a warm smile.Bravo to the staff and management at Sauce.Four stars for the restaurant and a bonus star for the great service.
4	Food was a solid 4/5, staff is great, they serve booze at a decent price throughout the day (aww, yea!), My friend and I split a salad and a pizza about 2 weeks ago which was really great!  ....Then, last week, we had an office party with food catered from this location.  I want to be honest with you all:  DO NOT GET THE THIN CRUST......   I tried the Pesto Chicken Pizza with thin crust and the crust was basically like a crisp (Which I am not a fan of... If I wanted a one-sided quesadilla, I would spent $5 at Fredericos).My side salad was good and THE BRUSCHETTA IS FUCKING AWESOME!!!!!!!I do recommend going to this location, getting some booze and amazing bruchetta..... for that, I thank you!!
2	Just don't get this place. The pizza is just above delivery quality! The salads are average at best. It should be in the food court at the mall! Sam Fox fools everybody again!
4	Solid, simple place.  Order at the counter, grab a number, have a seat and get your meal delivered when ready.  It's quite attractive inside, with a pretty patio and lots of room.  Nice staff, but spotty take-out (if they're at all busy, it can take ages).  They serve tasty gourmet little pizzas with interesting ingredients (although sometimes a little dry - depends on what you like), salads, pasta and paninis.  We've only tried the pizzas and salads.  The Rosemary Potato, Mozzarella-Fontina-Basil and Wild Mushroom pies are all taste-tested and approved.  The classic ceaser salad is just what you'd expect.It's a nicer, healthier alternative to other pizza places in the area.  However, with all of the amazing pizza in Phoenix/Scottsdale/Tempe, this is only a place I'd visit when I'm in the neighborhood.  For the area, 4 stars, but if it were in a neighborhood with better restaurants, I'd only give it 3 stars.
1	I wish I read these reviews first...my bad.  Being from South Jersey...just across the bridge from Philly...I know a thing or two about good Pizza...and Sauce is NOT it.Had I known it was cafeteria style...that would've been enough for me to not bother and go to a real restaurant.  I'm the furthest from snobbery...Now to the food...in a word...rip-off.  I ordered the carmelized onion and sausage pizza...had to search for those...including cheese...then...I went to put on some hot pepper...the lid came off and covered the pizza (not a hard feat to do...looked like it was made for "mini-me") and table where I sat...no one ever asked if things were ok.  My daughter took the plate and showed it to them...we did get another pizza...but then to my amazement...one of the runners saw it and left...it was still all over the table when we left.  I was told they don't have waitresses...apparently no one cleans tables until you leave so the next cattle call for cafeteria seating can be ready to sit in those tacky plastic chairs. Will I go back...just as soon as pigs fly out of my *ss.
2	I wanted to like this place but it was quite a let down.  Friendly staff but a few major flaws will keep me from going back.  Wife ordered a salad, I a pizza with plans to share both.  After receiving two glasses of wine at the counter and taking back to our table my wife's salad showed up almost at the same time.  Because we were both hungry I insisted she put manners aside and eat while I waited for my pizza.  Glad she did because my pizza took a standard 15 minutes, was she supposed to let her salad sit while we waited for the hot food?  I am forgetting the one piece of bread that showed up haphazardly 5 minutes in, quite humorous actually.  Once the pizza finally arrived it was either undercooked or a bad crust recipe.  The pizza had no structure and needed to be held with two hands to keep from severe sagging.  Pizza was going to be the main driver for me but no thank you if it has the rigidity of cooked spaghetti.Just bummed out.  $35 for a salad, pizza, and 2 glasses of shotty wine where you make your orders at a cash register.  This is the same money as any of several sit down restaurants in downtown Phoenix for which there is no comparison.  I will need to continue to make the drive...Staff was very friendly however!
4	Boy, I didn't want to go here. My wife loves sauce, but I was not a fan. I mean, there are just other places with better food. However, my Sunday night experience with my wife and in laws may have swayed my mind.We were greeted by Charlie and a trainee. Like the majority of time, we didn't really know what to order. So what do we do? We pretend like we know what we want by delaying our response finally asking the recommendation of Charlie. Now Charlie was friggin' awesome. Very hospitable and gave strong recommendations. He talked about the Quinoa, Beet, & Arugola salad like it was the tastiest item on the salad menu. But wait, there's more. He said we should add salmon to it. Salmon? Oh you bet your bottom dolla salmon. Was it tasty? I would have to say that I would definitely order this again. Way to be awesome, Charlie!The two pastas we ordered were the Pasta & Meatballs and Chicken, Broccoli & Cheese Sauce. The Meatballs were ok but I digged the shell pasta texture. Little of flavor but big and thick compared to regular noodles. Now to the chicken and broccoli. I was pretty disappointed. My wife said it is usually really good, but there was a clump of chicken piled up in one location. It would have been better if it were spread out. It was light but lacked the flavor I expected.Now, I love my pizza. Growing up in Filipino culture and having a pallet for all kinds of flavors, I would have to say that pizza is my favorite food. I know, my wife thinks I'm weird too. We ordered the Wild Mushroom and Spicy Chicken Sausage. The wild mushroom was a little dry but the crust had a nice crunch to it. It was just ok. I did like the spicy chicken sausage. Subtle spice but great flavor from cheese. Would order that one again.Overall, the restaurant looks great tucked in the middle of the Norterra area. Lots of seating inside and out. You order first, pay, then sit down. Reasonable prices if you're not looking to hurt the wallet. Am I a fan now? I will say Charlie gave excellent service so I have to highlight that. The food was ok but the 4 stars were based on service from the entire staff. As a result, to answer the question, I will definitely come back to enjoy great service and hoping a better experience with the food.
2	I expected this to be a nice sit down place, but it was more or less fast Italian food. I ordered the small pasta and meatballs only to find out there was only ONE meatball..that kinda sucks. The one meatball wasn't that good anyway so maybe it was for the best. It came with free bread that is hard as a rock. When you order take out they give you a free drink while you're waiting. I didn't wait long, under 10 minutes. There was nothing too terrible about the pasta, but it was nothing special. I probably could've made it better though. I should've gone to Olive Garden across the street.
5	Great Pizza,  SUPER YUMMY Mac N Cheese!!   If you haven't tried it - you're missing out!!  The  salads are super tasty as well.  Mac N Cheese is where its at though!!
4	Very good for a fast food style restaurant.  I enjoyed the Quinoa Salad without the cheese.  Seems like a popular place for families.
4	Good salad selection, healthy choices, great beverage choices.  Prices were pretty reasonable.
5	My close friends and family are regulars here - we go almost every Friday for dinner and the staff is always, always always top-notch. My go-to is the salmon and kale salad, but you really can't go wrong with any item on their menu! They have great specials in the summer for $20 and there's a lot of different options for kids!
3	Great service and nice staff.  We had the pizza and cheese panini...it was fair at best.  Many other better pizza options in the area.
5	So YUMMY!!!!! The bruschetta is excellent . And the services is awesome!! We love to stop here after a movie to chat and get a drink.
5	Sauce has to be one of our favorites.  Great salads maybe a bit speedy but dependable always getting the same quality and service.  A great option for take home after a long work day.  We always love when they are offering the $20 special.
5	My family and I are here at least once a week. We love it, fresh tasting food and great staff!
3	Overall I really like Sauce. Possibly the locations vary in service and quality slightly, but I think over the years the quality has diminished. For example, my favorite and one a week meal was the chicken pine-nut salad, but over the last couple years, the amount of chicken and pine-nuts has been significantly reduced. So much so that I complained once when my  salad arrived with maybe a tablespoon of pine-nuts (when I was used to about 3).There seems to be no consistency in the quantity and proportions of ingredients. For example, I enjoyed the kale and salmon salad the first time I had it (when it was first added to the menu), but now it's more romaine lettuce then kale!  The mac and cheese, a favorite of my husband, has also gone from a nice big portion, to a much smaller one. Overall, Sauce has great food. The problem is you can never really expect to get the same dish when you order the same dish... Except maybe the pizzas. Last- why don't the rolls come in whole grain wheat too?
3	Interesting place.  Prices are very reasonable for a family outing.  I had the small pasta and meatball as did my daughter.  My son had kids mac 'n cheese.  We stopped in for lunch.  It is kind of like Chipolte's for Italian.  Service was good.  The meatball was spot on.  The sauce had a good flavor.  So why 3 stars?  The pasta was a over done.  Want to go back and try pizza and a salad.  Will add it to our rotation though.
4	Decent pies and salads, amazing service tableside. The entire staff was friendly and very committed to clearing the table of unnecessary dishes, checking in with us to see if we needed anything else and even offered us a Halloween candy treat. Bravo Zulu...
4	I give this place 4 stars because of the staff's attentiveness and the degree of customer service they demonstrated at our last visit. There were two people at the register. I'll call them guy 1 and guy 2. Guy 1 was taking our order. When we ordered I asked if they had some sort of juice for our toddler. I saw guy 2 whisper something to guy 1. I didn't think anything of it. Guy 1 said they have milk, and because my toddler somehow hates milk this week I said it's ok, no drink for her. Then they told us they can get apple juice. So we ordered apple juice. It seemed like they had to get the apple juice from somewhere because it was delivered to our table. I'm very pleased, they didn't have to do this, but I can see that they try their best to satisfy the customers. I don't think the $1 I paid for the apple juice is worth them getting it from somewhere, but it goes without saying that we really appreciated it.As far as the food is concerned, I really like the thin crusted pizza, almost like a flatbread, so I don't feel like I'm 10 pounds heavier by the time I'm done. We also ordered a small bowl of pasta with meatballs, it could've used a bit more flavor and seasoning. But overall, very pleased with this experience (third time at this location).
4	Good food and service.. Only drawback is they need more space! Lines get a little long so be prepared..
5	This is a great place with a very laid back feel. The staff is great, the seating is not a problem here either.
3	First time at Sauce. Arrived at 11:40 for lunch on a Wednesday and there were 12 tables full and 5 in line, which moved quickly. I ordered a pepperoni and onion pizza with a soft drink for $13. Seemed a bit high so the quality better come thru. My pie arrived in 15 minutes. I was definitely in the minority for lunch: there were three pizzas and over twenty salads on the tables. Mostly it was filled with local female shopkeepers looking for a light bite. For my lunch, the pepperoni was rather scant, as was the cheese. The sauce really lacked zing and needed garlic, basil or something. I think they added parsley at the end, which didn't help. The crust was good. Not real thrilled with Sauce so I think I will try  nearby Mellow Mushroom next time. They look like the same price.
