5	No, no.... I am not dreaming.... Postino Tempe (Postino Annex) is NOW OPEN! Only a few minute walk from my front door now lays before me the miracle of $5 Wine (or pitchers of Beer) until 5pm and the best Bruschetta in town. I'm a HUGE fan - dating back to when there was just Postino Arcadia - and all I can say is that Tempe residents just got LUCKY!! Built in the historic Art Annex Building surrounded by all things Tempe. LOVE.Bruschetta. Panini. Soup. Salad. Cheese board. Meat board. Olives. Awesome.Bruschetta: Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios (sweet) and Salami with Pesto or Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomato (savory) but you honestly can't go wrong with any of them! Don't pass up the Seasonal either, it's always a winner. Postino is best enjoyed eating/sharing items off the menu for several hours in good company. Italian Picnic? It's an amazing salad - and you'll feel like you're having one...They are all about their wine, so you can't pick a wrong one. Feeling frisky? Let them recommend one based on your preference. I've done it before and been pleasantly surprised. I wasn't a fan of Bordeaux - but I tried one per their recommendation and ended up loving it. Prost!Postino service is always top notch. They just get it. You won't find yourself with just one server, there are multiple of them checking in on you consistently and the service is always flawless. I never feel rushed. The food is consistent and timely. Always.Tonight I had the pleasure of dining on the patio. The weather is just starting to cool off and the patio is lovely. Lush and green, cozy and sweet. Whether at Arcadia, Central, Gilbert or Tempe - there is a shared feeling amongst them all - the spaces are comfortable and I can always guarantee a fabulous evening and meal. The music is never too loud, it's the perfect place for good company and great conversations. Yes - I live in Tempe. No - I am not a college student and haven't been for a long time. I've matured - and now, apparently, Tempe has too!Polish off perfection with a Salted Caramel Sundae and there is no way you can leave without a smile. If this is for some reason a dream, please don't wake me...
5	i had the privelige attending the soft opening. The location is great! Right down the street fro the ASU Football Stadium. The food and wine is great and in line with other the Postino's around the Valley. The one thing this place has over the others is the atmosphere. It is very cozy and has a great patio with Glass Garage doors that open up. It will be a hit in Tempe for a long time to come!
5	This is practically on ASU's campus. Great location, and huge patio!! Almost 3 times the size of the Arcadia and Central locations. Food is always great at Postino's and the staff made sure to live up to the Upwards Projects name, with fast food times and great service. The atmosphere is once again repeated here, just like all of the other restaurants this group owns. It was a really fun night catching up with old friends, and we will definitiely be back if we are in the area!
5	This Place Is so Much fun Very well located too with a beautiful view of downtown. Bruschetta are out of this world and they have a very good selection of wine as well.Make sure you arrived before 5 pm if you want to have 5$ Glass if wine otherwise it's regular price. The service is very good you can feel everyone works in team there everyone make sure you are not missing any service! Price are fair it's not cheap but expect quality over quantity!
5	I have to tell you, I just came back from Europe and boom, seems like Europe is in Tempe, with the opening of places like the Postino Annex. I love that they created this in a brick building right off of the ASU annex and the whole space is open and inviting with that quality of food and service that by now, is an expected characteristic of the Positno's brand. I had the eggs, bacon and Walnut toast brunch option (that also came with thinly sliced and well crisped fingerling potatoes and onions). I joked with my neighbors that I would dock them a star for not carrying Tabasco but the food was so good that I didn't need any extra kick to it.  For drinks I tried the cucumber and honey lemonade which is $3 and is bottomless (they kept filling it up discretely, part of that excellent service they are known for. I also split a $5 pitcher of micro-brew - any of their beers on draft (and they have a nice selection, local and other craft brews and even a traditional mass produced light beer which I will not comment on but they cater to all tastes, even bad ones (humor!). The view from the patio or the edge of the patio (we sat right on the indoor side to take advantage of the AC) is wonderful - with a stunning view of the mosque, it's golden dome shining in the sun, and with church bells tolling, I assume from the local Catholic Church. I can't wait to go at night and see the house lights, which look just lovely. As my neighbor noted, they don't do huge portions but what they do, is done well so I'm sure I'll come back over and over again - especially for those $5 pitchers of beer and yes, probably a bottle of wine at times, especially on Monday when they have a plank and a bottle of wine for $20  (good deal!). Not much else to say except that this is another shining cultural star in the rapidly developing 85281 area code. I expect that when the Rio Salado development is done this place will be as packed as another of the other more seasoned Postino's locations so make sure to get here now so you can enjoy it in a less crowded atmosphere. :-)Oh, for bike parking, the easiest thing to do is to go across the street to the ASU building where they have lots of good bike racks or you can connect it to up the fence or to one of the wrought iron balustrades around the trees in front of the restaurant.
3	The food at Postino Annex was actually good, but they fell down on service. We had brunch on Sunday, and there were only a few tables of guests. They had 10 employees wandering around mostly chit chatting with each other, but not checking on us. We had to chase down a coffee refill, and the employee we found (not our server) seemed annoyed. We had to chase down hot sauce, and actually walk over to the bar to gain attention. As mentioned earlier, we were one of only a few tables with guests, but once they saw I had an empty plate they tried to rush us by removing the plate and putting pressure on my companion to finish. This would be understandable if the restaurant was packed and they want to increase table turnover, but not when there is hardly anyone there. This place has great potential, but the staff needs training.
1	Shoehorned between football merch stores and frat bro living is Postino "Annex", the name of a restaurant ashamed to admit its presence in Tempe. If you want to see how Postino does Tempe, go now before Annex goes out of business. Gone is the hip styling of its sister branches, replaced by CPK yellow umbrellas, sickly yellow walls, and off-brand yellow wine lists. Half the wait staff is dedicated solely to filling water glasses. We got 3 glasses of water before seeing a waiter, who had a very special technique of walking past the table, tapping on it, and mumbling a few things while walking away. It wasn't a full house, and he had nowhere to be.We wanted to leave almost immediately, so we only ordered an appetizer, which arrived an hour later and wrong. "I'll get you a discount", said Thomas. We didn't get a discount. While we waited more, I watched him drop food items off the plate and continue to serve them.It's possible that Postino Annex will be held afloat by the twenty-something omg-gluten-free first-timers, but the young inexperienced staff and janky decor will keep me at the Arcadia location. At least then I can get LGO gelato afterwards instead of an ASU sport polo.
3	Good food, good atmosphere. Way too overpriced wine & the service was slow. If I am going to order an $11 glass of wine, I would prefer it not come out 15 minutes after I order it.
2	Postino Tempe is a new and hip place in Tempe that offers great drinks and appetizers. The wine was very over priced and the service was slow. The inside decor is cool and the staff is friendly. We got the bruschetta plank and were very satisfied however, make sure to give yourself plenty of time to dine here as it took 20 minutes just to get another glass of wine.
5	My daughter and I dined here tonight around 5. We opted for the patio and I'm glad we did because it seemed very loud inside. We were served water before we even sat down! They were always filled too. She ordered half a tuna panini with a small salad and I ordered a chicken panini with the salad that comes on the side. We were both very pleased with our choices. We didn't order any wine but thought the food prices were on par. We can't wait to come back and order some bruschetta ! Service and food were both excellent!!! Will be back!
4	I enjoyed my time at a different Postino location, so I was definitely glad to see one open right across the street from campus. Like others have said, it definitely has a different vibe than the other locations. That's to be expected, and trying to cram a trendy & upscale winebar next door to a Subway and Panda Express wouldn't have succeeded so I'm glad to see that they are embracing the college town atmosphere.You can expect the same stuff that any other Postino has: an eclectic array of bruschetta, a wide variety of alcohol, and decent daily specials. Would I make this an absolute go to for dinner dates? Maybe, but I'd much rather go to the other locations for that. Where the "Annex" succeeds is being an awesome lunch spot. $5 pitchers from 11am-5pm? Yes, please. The bruschetta plates can be split between two people for a not-too-filling lunch, so enjoy the Annex for what it is: a great place to mix it up for lunchtime, and a decent place for dinner.
5	Went to Postinos on Friday night for the first time and we are hooked. Our original plan was to eat elsewhere but once we sat down and realized we had made some real friendships both behind the bar and with other patrons, we stayed and had a great meal. The beer and wine selection was also a bonus.After a great first experience, we went back before the ASU game for drinks and after the game on Saturday evening for food and drinks and had just as good of a time, even closed it down on Saturday night. Jess, Randy, Cassie(sp)and the rest of the group made our evenings memorable.Looking forward to going back in November.
5	We came into Postino a couple of weeks ago for a quick lunch. We got there probably a half hour after they opened and there was already a reasonably sized crowd that got larger by the time we left.I was pleased with the wide selection of wines available. I would maybe have liked to see a little bit more of a description of the taste/features of some of the less well known varieties for us uninitiated. I had the Llebre red-blend from Spain and really enjoyed it. I'm looking forward to trying something else next time.We ordered the spinach/artichoke dip and hummus as a starter, and bruschetta planks as the main. The breads were excellent, as were the dips.The bruschetta was excellent as well. We ordered four different varieties, which came as two pretty decently sized pieces each. We ordered the prosciutto and fig, the brie and apple, the tomato jam and sheep's milk cheese, and the smoked salmon with pesto. The tomato jam one was particularly intriguing to me. I can't really come up with a better descriptor other than it tasted like Christmas. It was very unique. I wasn't a huge fan of the smoked salmon/pesto variety but that may be more of my dislike of pesto than anything else. The other two were delicious as well.One interesting thing was that it seemed like there were twice as many staff as there ought to have been working at that time. I had probably six or seven people who refilled drinks, asked how I was doing, and in general waited on us during the hour or so we were there. It seemed a little unnecessary.I would highly recommend this place to anyone for a casual yet upscale lunch, and am looking forward to returning again soon.
4	Postino's in Tempe hurray!!!! I finally have a new spot for lunch that is absolutely divine!! The Tempe Annex is much like the layout of the Uptown version. It is bright and airy, nice patio with beautiful long bar. We came for lunch and I had the split special,  1/2 prosciutto and fig sandwich with the beet salad. It was as mouthwatering as expected and not bad with a $9.95 price tag. The menu is the same as all the other Postino's and they still do the $5 wines and beers till 5 and the awesome special $20 for a board and wine on Mondays and Tuesdays after 8. I wish they had this location 10 years ago when I went to ASU!
5	Fantastic space, good service, food came out fast at noon on a Saturday!  This place is a real winner.  One of the co-owners visited with me and asked about my experience and whether they could do anything to improve.  I couldn't think of a single thing.  Postino's is a great addition to College Ave.  Can't wait to go back.
5	We went to Postino's on a Saturday night for my birthday celebration. Nicholas was our waiter and he was superb!  He answered ALL of my questions, recommended the cheese plate, and made a suggestion to add the sweet and spicy mustard to it. It was delicious!  Not to mention the rest of the crew was friendly, and didn't let any small detail go unnoticed.  Our dinner was fantastic too!  He had the roast beef sandwich, and I had the veggie sandwich. Thanks for making our night extra special Nicholas!
4	Had a very nice dinner here last Saturday night with my daughter and a cousin.  The service was pleasant and attentive, the seating on the patio attractive and comfortable, and the food outstanding.  My daughter and I shared a bruschetta plate, all four of which were different and delicious, and a chicken salad.  We couldn't finish the two things between us; portions are large and not overpriced at all.  The third person in our party opted for a sandwich that she thoroughly enjoyed.  The food is good, well priced, deliciously prepared....  Definitely a nice little place to go near campus...and quieter than Mill Street.  I would certainly recommend it and will be back on another visit!
5	Just like the other locations: wonderful. Good deals, great food, trendy decor, incredible service. A little more college-y but what can you expect that close to ASU?
5	I have been here thrice. May i compliment the excellent excellent service ? The staff is incredibly nice and on their feet. The food is really good. I cant wait to go back and try more stuff off their menu.
5	There was a time where Postino Arcadia was my favorite location but after my visit to the Annex, I'm afraid Arcadia no longer holds top spot in my heart. Granted their Arcadia location is super cozy and your neighbors can be up close and personal, the Annex location has a lot of space but still retains a certain character that's unique to it's location. I love they have a large patio area, and the inside has large booths for big groups, add the long bar which is accessible to the inside and patio, makes wine drinking and bruschetta boards noshing far more enjoyable. It would have been a nice touch if there were fire pits outside when it gets far cooler to be on the patio but the candle pits are aesthetically appealing too. I like to commend our main server Nick, he was pleasant and took the time to assist my friend's allergies with nuts and citrus. He's top notch, and an asset to the Postino Annex staff. I think there are new additions to the bruschetta such as the Salami with Pesto which was oh so scrumptious, the pesto on the MJ bread hit the spot! Overall, love the new addition to the Postino family, and looking forward to enjoying wine sips under the tea-lights at the Annex. :)
4	Great decor and vibe.  I like this place when the weather is nice and all the windows and doors are open.  The nine iron roast beef sandwich is a winner.  They have a very good craft beer selection in addition to their wine.
5	Used Yelp to find a good place for lunch. This place was fabulous. Patio is wonderful. The panini, salad and soup were all very tasty. Service was also really great. Music was a little too loud for Sunday afternoon.
5	Came in on a Sunday for lunch. Our waiter was dealing with shift change when we came in so we had some problems with our service. We got a new waitress towards the end who was extremely apologetic that we had to wait and the manager came over and brought us free board coupons! Food was delicious, everyone was nice, and of course the wine and beer selection was great.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE! I absolutely love Postino's so the fact that I have to leave this review truly upsets me. The venue itself was indeed gorgeous however our servers completely dropped the ball. We called and reserved a table for 15 people a day in advance to give them adequate time to accommodate. I would also like to disclaim that I work in the service industry so I'm not one to jump to conclusions, however over an hour just to receive our checks is NOT acceptable. Also we had multiple servers so it was extremely unclear who was "taking care" of our party. I've been to all the Postino locations and this was BY FAR the worst! Not worth wasting your time, if you have the option go to another location please do because they clearly don't know what they're doing here.
5	This place is absolutely great! I dine at Postino's almost every week and try something different each visit. Everything is fresh and delicious. My favorites are the Turkey Panini on Ciabatta bread, Mixed Greens Salad, and the Cucumber Honey Lemonade!
5	I love that their is now a Postinos in Tempe, such a great location! I went on a Tuesday night with a friend and sat at the bar outside. The bartenders were awesome, so attentive.  You can't beat their bottle of wine and a plate of bruschetta deal on Mondays & Tuesday nights... $20!
5	So good! The Sierra Nevada mustard is artisanal af!! Recommended to me by my awesome server Emily. Definitely ask for her
5	So happy there's a Postino within walking distance from my work. We went for lunch today around noon and were seated inside right away (there was a wait for outside). This Postino's fees a lot larger compared to the one in Arcadia and Gilbert which is nice. Hopefully there will never be a wait during lunch as I see us returning often. Everyone was very friendly, the service was great, love the decor, and the food was fantastic as always. Our waitress even split our checks for us without having to ask. Now can we have a Federal Pizza in Tempe or Scottsdale too?
4	There was a mix up with our order. The manager made our check on the house. GREAT paninis (get the 9 iron)! Great music and environment. Friendly staff. An interesting first experience but I'll recommend this place for sure.
5	Such an amazing location, ambiance, selection, service and the patio specifically was just incredibly pleasant. Happen to get there in time for an awesome happy hour, think it was $5 for a glass of prosecco. Must go!
3	Poor service and lousy wait time. Given the time frame of 30-45 and have waited over an hour to continually be told just another 5 minutes. Excited to see the new location so close to home but truly disappointed by the service provided
5	If you haven't been to postinos you're missing out! It's has the best atmosphere and their bottle and board deal of Mondays and Tuesdays is amazing! The staff is so awesome! I was there last night and they were so busy but the staff handled everything so well. The hostesses Hannah and Rachel were so sweet and helpful about finding us a table even with the huge rush. It is the best place to hang out with friends. Their food is amazing too! I highly recommend this place!
5	This Postino's is huge!! Now granted I have not been to the Gilbert location and I hear that it is the biggest one of them all, but I can honestly say that if I lived closer to this one, I would definitely become a regular.  It was packed on a Monday night, but then again it was $20 board and wine so why would it not be? Almost every seat, inside and out (which says a lot because even the outside area is huge) was taken. Our lovely server who's name escapes was fabulous. Actually everyone was very friendly and great which is one thing I do love about all the Postino locations. I have yet to have a bad experience (knock on wood) I will definitely be back again soon.
5	This place is so nice LOVE the look and its nice and clean + the patio this time of year is perfection and the customer service is on point... The parking is the down side but its worth going back and this one is large enough for parties.
5	Got the $5 Victoria Pilsner pitcher during happy hour with a coworker. Definitely not a disappointment!Sat outside; nice busy ambience; right off ASU campusBruschetta bread was baked perfectly; soft in the middle with the right amount of crisp on the crust.I enjoyed all my bruschetta toppings;-pistachio and dates-smoked salmon and pesto-prosciutto and figs-tomato and goat cheese
5	Yum yum yum!!! This is a great find! Came here with co-workers and we were all blown away by the ambiance, food, and drink selections - and that is saying a lot, since we are consultants that travel weekly and eat in restaurants every day.The bruschetta menu is awesome, two orders feeds 6 people with an appetizer or two. My favorite was the apple-brie-fig spread one, and the guys fell in love with the smoked salmon. Great wine list as well! My only gripe was that my first diet coke that came out had a long cotton string in my ice - weird. They replaced it, but it took about 10 minutes.The ambiance is very cool, we came when it was pouring rain but it would be great on a nice warm evening. Outdoor seating, and low candle-light. The music is awesome, I'd love to get a hold of the playlist. Definitely coming back next time I'm in Tempe!
5	First off, you can't beat the Postino happy hour - $5 glasses of wine and pitchers until 5pm each day!  Amazing space with an expansive pet friendly patio in Tempe...and great service too!  I highly recommend trying a cheese or meat board and/or bruschetta...you won't be disappointed.  This will certainly become one of our favorite places to relax the afternoon away.
5	There are only a couple of places that I would say that I can go a countless number of times & not get sick of them ... Postino is one of them!My favorite 4 bruschetta's for the board are the: prosciutto, figs, & mascarpone /// the fig spread, brie & apples /// the ricotta, dates, & pistachio /// and the burrata, bacon, tomatoes, & arugula. We've tried a couple of the seasonal bruschetta's as well as the panini's and haven't been disappointed.I also have to make a comment about how great this new location is (I've only been to the Gilbert location previously). In the evening, it makes for the perfect romantic date night restaurant. We will definitely keep coming back!
3	To preface: Tomato jam. All day. Everyday. That's seriously half the reason I go to Postino!Used to live near the Arcadia one and got crazy on some $20 bruschetta and wine Monday and Tuesday nights. (Fig one, brie one, tomato jam, and salmon, plz!) Tried this location out about five times since its opening. Food and wine are on point, decor is beautiful. Really nice to see the old ASU art annex revitalized! But the service is seriously spotty. I've had one good experience out of the five, and the rest suffered from forgotten or wrong wine, plank of bruschetta never arriving because the order wasn't placed, messed up orders, a 45 minute wait for a half empty restaurant. Weird and really spotty service. But really enthusiastic weird and spotty service! I feel like they just a couple seasoned veterans to bring the cute undergrad servers with zero experience up to speed.
5	Checked out a new spot! This is a great location for this restaurant. You have the option to sit on the patio (they have heaters) or inside! The service was great. There were quite a few different waiters that stopped to check on us. I had the chicken raspberry salad. It was incredible. My friend had the red pepper soup and panini. She said she liked her selections, especially the soup.  I would recommend this spot to anyone and I look forward to going there again... Except next time I'll make sure to go when I'm not working to have some wine! :)
5	Same great postinos in an awesome new location.  Is there anything better than getting out of a late tuesday night class and walking just across the street for the awesome bruschetta and wine deal? No, no there is not.
4	this is more a comment than a review--I love Postinos.  I live in a neighborhood where I can walk to one--I have to say that I like mine a lot better than the one in Tempe--I get it--I am not the target demographic for the Tempe location.  Nonetheless--the kinetic energy that is the service went from ---oh great service to leave us the f**** alone--Either put water pitchers on the table or put signs on the table that can be flipped--water no water--the amount of interruptions was overwhelming until you actually needed  something.  in addition to water being poured every three minutes, was the individual clearing of the little carafes for wine or a single fork or plate that wasn't used.  Individual pieces cleared every time a server came by.  If you want to turn the tables at break neck speed at this location just say so--and let me manage my time--tell me you want me to gone in 30 minutes--I get it--and will respectthat-the kinetic service was really disruptive to conversation and time with a good friend.  Will I be back?  Probably--but I am bringing signs the next time so I can clearly communicate when I need/want service and when I want to sit and enjoy my wine and the conversation at the table without constant interruption   On another note--as with the other Postinos--it is a great looking restaurant and the food is always enjoyable.
5	Amazing spot for a romantic night or a cozy night with friends. The location is huge making wait times much less than other locations. I came here on a Friday night past happy hour was over, but still found the prices very reasonable. I shared a bottle of prosecco, a bruschetta board, and the raspberry chicken salad. Everything was great. The best bruschetta for savory lovers were the white bean and also the artichoke dip. Sign up for the email list and you can get a free board too! (Worth about 14 dollars)Definitely will be coming back to this spot often!
4	Excellent wine recommendations and great outdoor space
3	This isn't really an Italian restaurant...   It's a wine place that serves appetizer, sandwiches and salad.    We were hungry and thinking it had a full Italian menu.    After waiting for a table and sitting down we opted to just order food and not leave.  Waitress was very nice, and food was prompt.My daughter had the chicken and mozzarella panini and she said it was really dry.   Her side salad was good.I had the bruschetta appetizer.   You pick four toppings and they serve it on four slices of bread.   I picked:1:  warm artichoke spread2:  fig, Apple, and Brie3:  mozzarella, basil, and tomato4:  roasted red pepper and goat cheese.All were very good.    Seemed a little pricey at $15
4	I have previously been to Postinos in Gilbert and loved it. Tempe's location was also great. Probably gets extremely busy when the semester starts. I am guessing that because it was at night and during the winter break, parking was not an an issue. Might be during the school season, although there are garages near by. We had the bruschetta for starters. I recommend all of them! I am an Arnold Palmer kind of girl and my friend loves the cucumber honey.She had the soup of the day (cheddar and potatoes - don't remember the exact name) and thought it was pretty good. Definitely a creamy soup. We both had the chicken and mozzarella and it was delicious. I'm a cheese lover so I loved that it comes with a pretty thick slice of mozzarella. I had Hannah's Field salad and I thought it was pretty flavorful, I would definitely have it again.
4	Excellent wine recommendations and great outdoor space
4	Same menu as the others, good food and good drink.  Wish they would expand the selections of wines - yeah I know I am picky.  Would like to see more Spanish, Italian varietals and Romania has some amazing wines too.  Parking is the pain...
4	Came back to Tempe for the holidays and was surprised when a friend said to meet at Postino's in Tempe... when did they build that?  Was a cold night but plenty of heaters on the patio that kept it warm and comfortable. Service was very good and attentive and the food was what I expected having been to the other locations in the past. Very nice location btw... good scouting. Nothing bad to say at all. Postino's does it again - but in a better location :)
5	Postino has long been one of my favorite restaurants in town so I was beyond excited when they opened a location closer to my home. And upon first visit they totally lived up to my expectations.My boyfriend and I went for dinner on a weeknight. It was pretty busy but we managed to get a good table right away. It's much larger than the original location.We started with the butcher's block, which has a few different kinds of meats, cheeses, nuts and bread. It's all fresh and yummy. For my meal I got my favorite - the prosciutto and brie sandwich. This is seriously my favorite sandwich anywhere. It has a ton of prosciutto, creamy brie, sweet fig jam and arugula on crusty bread. It doesn't get any better. I also got the mixed greens side salad, which at most places would be really boring but at Postino it's amazingly delicious.While I may be biased because this location is so close to my house, I have to say I think I like this location even better than the original. It's a very welcome addition to Tempe!
5	I don't write a lot of reviews so for me to write a review means it was a great experience. I'm not a wine drinker, but I really enjoyed Postino in Tempe. The atmosphere of the restaurant is incredible. The staff was very attentive and the food was great. The service was fast and I can't emphasize enough how friendly the staff was. The prices were fair, especially the five dollar mini pitcher of beer. I will definitely come back.
4	We returned to Postino's East in Phoenix, AZ, as the food and service is always great. We again had the wonderful bruschetta with a $5. glass of wine. It can't be beat. The menu is lighter fare with lots of wonderful choices. The service is outstanding and we feel the best in the valley. The ambiance is good, but the volume of the customers is very loud. Acoustics?? We have also patronized Postinos in Gilbert, and we feel it doesn't hold a candle to the East Phoenix location in food and service. Would highly recommend Postinos in East Phoenix.
5	Evan and the staff are so nice! The food was amazing and they really catered to us well.
4	Excellent wine recommendations and great outdoor space
3	I had to hit the latest Postino restaurant before the big ASU game. (Fear the Fork!) We expected the same great menu items as our fave Central location, and while they had the same menu, they just didn't quite measure up to their big, good looking brother downtown. They are more the weak, pale brother who does well in math. The chicken salad lacked the right balance, the pieces of apple were huge, very little gorgonzola. The sandwiches seemed to lack the right amount of meat. And part of the sandwich had none at all, just a corner of bread...and when your splitting that results in feeling cheated! Its right next to the stadium, the seating was airy and nice view of people and everything else.
4	I can't stop raving about this place. A collegue introduced Postino to me and after having dinner there and walking back to our cars, I was already planning my next visit. Everthing was great from the ambiance on the patio (Inside can be loud = music), to the friendly service, right on down to the delicious food. Wine by the...
5	Awesome food and amazing bruschetta boards. I don't recommend the cheese board we didn't like that but everything else we have had has been great.
4	I love this new Tempe Postino space!I'm a huge Postino Arcadia fan, so when my husband suggested we head to this new location for a little lunch date last week, I was all about it.  They did a great job on the space itself; it's warm and cozy despite being much larger in square footage compared to the Phoenix locations.  The staff was super friendly as well.The menu is the same, and despite the Bella Postino (hummus and artichoke spread) appetizer tasting a little off, everything else we had was delicious.  That being said, our waitress brought us a second artichoke spread that was warmer and less watery after our giving her a heads-up about the first round.I highly recommend the bruschetta to share (with your fave glass of wine of course).  You can't really make a wrong selection here, but my favorite selections are:*Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone*Brie & Apples with Fig Spread*Salami with Pesto*Smoked Salmon with Pesto(in that order)Their seasonal selections are usually worth giving a shot as well.And if you prefer a salad or sandwich, you won't be disappointed with that.This Postino is definitely a welcome addition to the Tempe area... and they cater too!
1	I rarely use Yelp to write reviews unless I have particular feedback to give.My experience at Postino Arcadia and Central have been great, mostly because I take advantage of their wine/bruschetta combo.Postino Annex is a different story. I went there for lunch (which was a 1st for me) so I ordered the Italian Picnic salad. The waitress was very nice and helpful.The description says:Fresh greens tossed with roasted beets, goat cheese, bacon and walnuts topped with crisped root vegetables in herb vinaigrette.Sounds great right? I'm vegan so I asked for no cheese and no bacon, and instead I asked to add quinoa and extra root vegetables (and I asked the waitress to charge me extra if needed).What came to my table was:Fresh greens - YesRoasted beets - No. Not roasted, just very soft cooked COLD golden beets. Not seasoned, not anything. My guess is they were from a can. Walnuts - YesCrisped root vegetables - No. I asked for extra of these and there were NONE. What they put instead was this tortilla-like strips of root-vegetable colors that tasted like, well, tortilla strips. There wasn't any root vegetables to be seen. Herb vinaigrette - Barely any dressing on, was on the dry side.The quinoa I requested to be added was I kid you not, less than a tablespoon mixed throughout the salad.For $9.50 at Pita Jungle I could've gotten a giant, fresh, real crisped root vegetables salad that satisfied me and had actual substance. This joke of a salad came to my table and when my waitress asked after 2 seconds if it looked good I said yes (it did looked good).As I searched for the vegetables and the quinoa I realized they had given me whatever that was, and my waitress NEVER came back to check on me again when I wanted to ask a few questions about my salad.A good half hour and I would see her maybe walking by fast, not looking our way.Not her fault (she was super sweet, very nice, I liked her a lot) but I was not happy with my salad at all, and the cold soft beets and tortilla strips were super disappointing. So no, I will not be coming back. No good vegetarian/vegan options and any substitutions you may ask for may or may not work out.-Julie
5	Sitting and enjoying the relaxing vibes here at postino. This is my second time and am visiting a different location than the first time. But regardless of where i am, i seem to always receive AMAZING service! I love that the servers , no matter what questions i ask, are knowledgeable about everything that they serve and are able to give great insight for recommendations. Ours recommended what they've nicknamed "cougar juice" and it was  divine. Regardless of whether they're packed, you're going to get on point service. This is the place to be if you want a place with a relaxing ambiance, good food, and great service
4	Not overcrowded (yet) but the same great flavors of the other Postino locations. I think that Roasted Red Pepper & Gouda Soup should be on the menu every day.
4	Went here with a few ladies and we all loved the atmosphere, wine, and the food we ordered. Service was excellent as well. No one ordered bruschetta though, so I can't comment on that. Will definitely be back for a full meal another time!
5	I love this new location. I think its bigger than the one in Gilbert and Central Phx. The patio is nice too, there are so many couches to get cozy, not right now but when the weather gets nicer and not too cold, they have heaters too. The bathroom is located outside by the entrance. The stalls in the bathroom were made of steel and it was huge. The service was good. The food was delicious like the other locations. Parking was not bad at all, we found one right next to the restaurant.
