4	Went to a small conference there couple years ago.The room is great. Not spacious for 4 people but  for 1 or 2 person is great.Bedroom is separated with living room.The best thing about this hotel is the breakfast.  The service in the omelet counter was great although front desk was so so...Dinner at the hotel was horrible... save your money and go to the Hard Rock Hotel across the street.What I don't like about the Embassy is the atrium with birds.  There were some swans at the atrium with their wings clipped and that is sad to see.... they can't fly and go anywhere.They have shuttle to the airport however it fills quickly so make your appointment in advance.Average rate is   $100 bucks with breakfast! Not a bad deal!
3	This isn't a drastic change from any other Embassy Suite Hotel in the country.  The same design with the huge atrium - the biggest difference is that this atrium has a stream that houses two swans (Priscilla and Elvis, natch).The room that I stayed in was very nice - a small fridge and microwave in the living room along with a desk and a nicely decorated seating area.  The bathroom was lovely and had nice soaps, etc...  The towels were very absorbent...  The bedroom had a nicely sized room with a queen sized bed.  The bed was clean and comfortable.The hotel offered wi-fi which while not blazing fast was free.As with all Embassy Suite Hotels - there was a "Managers Reception" each evening which meant free drinks and some free tortilla chips.  I do think this is a nice touch...Considering that the hotel is not an unreasonable walk from the strip (and a free shuttle ride if need be), the cost of the hotel is very reasonable.  I also came here in June and was able to rent a car for about $10/day and park in the major casino's for free.  Perhaps my review would change if it were more difficult to get to the strip.
4	We had to use up some miles, so we decided to stay in this hotel based on some reviews.  The location wasn't far from the strip, but it's probably too far to walk - unless you just really like walking (we did try it once).They offer a shuttle, but the times aren't terribly convenient.  It runs every hour, but it starts late enough and stops early enough that you just don't get enough use out of it, and you'll want to take a cab most times.  The times you may make use of it are when you come back to the room mid-day and want to go back to the strip for a show or something.You will be able to take advantage of the included breakfast and the manager's reception, but what you can't do are gamble at the hotel (have to go to a casino for that), and though they have a pool, there isn't really much to see while you do it - you're out in the middle of the parking lot.  So if you want to sunbathe, you might want to pick another joint.Other than that, the hotel works fine as a base of operations.  It's just not the most scenic place in the city.
4	Went to the Model UN conference here a couple of weeks ago. I really dig the living room area of the rooms. The swans were weird. The hotel in general was weird. Very clean.
4	I have always been a fan of the Embassy Suites chain, our latest visit to Las Vegas reminded me just how much I appreciate their hotels. We were heading to Sin City for the Pacquiao/Hatton fight. Needless to say, with all the old newly-enforced comp rules for our "regular" casinos, getting a room either (a) comped or (b) at casino rate for fight weekend apparently wasn't an option. So we turned to an old standby...Embassy Suites. Originally, we were trying to say at the location on Paradise Road, but it was full. So we ended up at this location, across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel. Sure, there's no *ding*ding* of the slot machines in the lobby, but they do have an Elvis statue! :) The staff is friendly and courteous, and you can even catch a comedy show during the breakfast buffet (well, okay...it's actually the cooks cooking your breakfast - but they were quite entertaining!). Free buffet breakfast and free cocktails during happy hour! Go Embassy Suites! 4 SHAKAS!
5	Well I just got back from another business trip and must say that I was even happier with my stay this time. The room was nice, the staff was excellent, and the location worked out to my advantage. And now I'm back to Gold VIP status with Hilton, it makes things even better.As you check in, have a sip of one of their infused waters, then take a walk around the atrium to see the koi and the swans. Yes, the Elvis statue is a bit creepy, but then again, I guess it goes with the theme of the hotel.  They have both a complimentary breakfast (I only had time to grab a cup of coffee and a muffin each morning), but it smelled delicious. And the manager's reception means you can down a cocktail while munching on chips and watching some TV. There are a lot of families and professionals that stay here, which I enjoy since I have to be here for business. I need some peace and quiet, yet can get to rowdy, stereotypical Vegas areas with a short drive or taxi ride. A taxi from the Flamingo to the hotel was $7 (not including tip). The beds are alright, it is nice that I can shut the bedroom door to really try and block out any noise from the atrium area, if need be. Nice large TVs which actually get a few HD stations (I don't understand hotels that have HDTVs yet no HD stations.) The service here is also great, the airport shuttle guy was very helpful, and the people at the front desk were great. Sometimes I've had issues with getting a late check out at hotels I've stayed at, but there was no problem here.The only thing that I don't like is the fact that the elevators here are so dang slow. It can take a little while for them to get to you, which was a bit of an annoyance.
2	2 1/2 stars. This was my first time staying at Embassy Suites, visiting Vegas spontaneously & on the budget...I didn't expect much from an 'off the strip hotel' yet it was a weired one...You will need a cab to go to the strip or pay some sucker to carry ya! It's not far but far enough for a walk.It is a 'middle america' style hotel. If you're an old hag, rite on, that's one place for ya.This establishment is kinda creepy, it has a big atrium open space in the middle between the floors, dim lights, space is decorated with fake ponds, fake greenery & fake trees, yet about 10 poor real flamingo birds were standing in the mid of this ridicules fake atrocity, and a big weird statue of Elvis Presley abounded in the corner, is he being punished? Just a lil.. surreal. That aside, the room was kind of outdated (that ancient tube TV must go!). I would of help them repaint those rooms for free!Good thing they have their room windows permanently sealed as one may try commit a suicide once seeing those carpets! Example for BAD customer service: Getting back from a night out, a friend & I were sitting & talking in my car at the hotels parking lot, (windows were shut therefore loud noise is not an excuse). Suddenly the parking "security" guy showed up saying that we can not sit in the car!!! Excuse me?? I informed him that I'm a GUEST of this hotel & I will sit in my car however long I feel like.He said that he don't care & that we need to go because "this is the policy!"  Go figure...So I told him that I will go whenever I feel like going & that he need to stop bothering us before I will have strong words with his superior! I ignored him & kept on with our conversation while the gourd bounced..  What a LAME service!I acknowledge it was probably a one time mistake, therefore I'll only stay there again if on a budget and if it's the cheapest place to stay at. Or If I am single as my other half will slap me upside my head while throwing my a** from the last floor into this nasty swamp so I could swim with the flamingos.I will only recommend this place for an older conservative folks who are on a budget but want to see some Vegas (or get away from the wife) or both.Or for young guys who want to experience the gay scene as your bars & clubs are walking distance from this pink hotel. Hope it was helpful, yet if you stay there you don't need much help.You need GOD.Just kidding.Yalla bye!
4	Just came back from a stay at this establishment.First of all I really didn't have any problems during my stay. So why not a perfect score?Because I stayed at the Embassy Suites over on Paradise, which is just a minute away down the street.So first the comparisons. From pictures, this one on Swenson looks bigger and nicer than the one on Paradise. In reality the one on Paradise is bigger. As far as nicer, it becomes subjective. The one on Paradise definitely has a more business traveler feel. Both are very well taken care of and everything you can expect from a Hilton establishment. The rooms in Paradise, though I haven't stayed over there for about 2 years so things might have changed since then, is more dated then the one in Swenson, The room in Paradise is bigger, but the one on Paradise is more modern, complete with 2 40" LCD TVs in the living area and in the room. For you HDTV junkies, THEY ACTUALLY HAVE HD PROGRAMMING! You don't know how many hotels I've been to that claim having HDTVs yet still only have crap analog channels.As with most/all Embassy Suites, you have the complimentary breakfast. After staying at a few, I can confidently say the food served is all the same. It's the layout that is different.In this location (Swenson), you go up to the cooks (which are very entertaining btw even at 5-6AM in the morning--some may be intimidated by them, and ladies they like to flirt a lot) and this is where you get ALL the hot items, made to order eggs/omelets, pancakes, french toast, bacon, sausage, etc.  Then you go to the adjacent room where you got the usual drinks, cereal etc.Again all the same food items, but on Paradise, the only thing you go to the chef for is for the omelets. All the other items I mentioned are in a buffet line where you can help yourself. I feel this is much better because there is no bottle neck at the line like there was over here on Swenson. This location has a pool/jacuzzi as well. To pick which location is better can be subjective. The pool area here is outdoor, where the one on Paradise is indoor (I'm not sure if they had an outdoor one also,  but I could have sworn it was indoor--sorry I've stayed at quite a few). So if you are looking for that nice vacation atmosphere pool, then it would be here on Swenson, if you can care less, and worried about rain spoiling your swimming fun, then the one on Paradise might be better.As with the Paradise location, there is a nightly Manager's Reception. In short (because people fail to ever review on it) means FREE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES!! They also include some munchies for you to snack on while you get hammered. Please tip at least $1 a drink because the staff has always been great. I personally like the location of the bar area where the Manager's reception is held at over in the Paradise location. It is a few floors up, so you can look down at the atrium. But either way both serve its purpose.Well equipped fitness center, several cardio machines, and a few weights. They even have COMPLIMENTARY headphones to use while you are doing your cardio since they have TVs built in but only have headphone output. The ones provided are earbuds and are said to be disposable but yours to keep if you wish to use them for other devices. The staff here was very helpful and nice, but again that is something to be expected with all Hilton properties. My only quirk was that the drainage in the bathtub was clogged or needed maintenance. The water was not going down fast enough so your feet would be submerged in the water that you were just bathing in. It was just the feet and did not go any higher. It wasn't a big deal, but I know to a lot of people this would be. I could have complained and I'm sure they would've resolved it, but it was fine with me. As far as location, I would have to say this is better because it is literally right ACROSS from the Hard Rock. You can walk right across the street and you are right there. So if you are clubbing at BodyEnglish or attending Rehab, your just a few steps away. I highly recommend this place and would consider it without hesitation.
3	A surprising 3 1/2 stars.  Typically when in Vegas I like to stay on the strip, so I was interested to see how this experience would differ and I was pleasantly surprised.The hotel itself is pretty white toast.  Even our Embassy Suites in Minneapolis is prettier/more interesting than this one...  There are swans in the lobby... Good or bad thing, I'm not sure.But the staff were fantastic.  The men who cooked breakfast (Billy Ray and friend) were hilarious and made breakfast not just tasty, but a full experience (as Vegas should be!).  The bar tender for the FREE Managers Reception from 5-7 was fun and kind.  You really can't beat the deal.  Cheaper than the strip, with free amazing breakfast (we're talking made-to-order omlettes, french toast, pancakes, etc!) and two hours of free drinks.The walk to the strip was less than 20 minutes and my frozen Minnesota toes appreciated the thawing!
3	I was pleasantly surprised at this hotel.  I was aprehensive to staying away from the strip, but ended up satisfied with the location and accommodations.Starters, the rooms were clean and well kept up.  The atrium was a bit blah, but definitely relaxing.  Swans swam about - I haven't quite decided whether they were nice or if they seemed a health hazard.The staff was great!  A friend arrived before I did and the staff allowed her to check-in and get settled without needing me there.  Breakfast staff were very efficient and HILARIOUS.  They defintely brightened our day each morning and remembered us, by name at that!  The staff manning the free cocktail hour (that's right, free!!) each evening was great too.  Drinks were made quickly and properly.  Although, they had a one drink limit seemed out of the norm to me.I was quite disappointed with the "complimentary shuttle to/from the strip" because it didn't run often enough nor long enough.  Random hours, mid morning and afternoon with service ending at 9 PM.  Strange for a city that never sleeps!I'll definitely consider returning on my next Vegas getaway!
3	There are at least 3 Embassy Suites in the Las Vegas area. This one, another one just a couple of blocks away on Paradise closer to the convention center, and another one south near Green Valley. This one is about 3 blocks east of the strip. It is pretty quiet here, and good for business people. However, with the 2 room suites and reasonable prices with free breakfast and manager's cocktail hour, it can be a bargain for 2 couple or a boys or gals weekend in Sin City. It is also good for families. This 7 story building has all the Embassy Suites standards, like a pool, business center room, high atrium lobby, and the lush green hanging plants. But there are a couple of things that makes it more unique. 1. There are live Koi in the pond/stream in the atrium. Many Embassy Suites have the water works in the atrium, but only some have live Koi.2. There are 2 beautiful, live Swans in the atrium water! I have never seen that before.3. There is a life size statue of "The King", Elvis Presley, in the atrium. (Oddly, the younger version with a sports jacket, not the older "Vegas" version with the white Unitard)$119/night, March 2010
4	It's not the Bellagio or one of those fancy hotels on the Strip, but I really like this hotel. Maybe its the free breakfast or open bar every day? Maybe because its non-gaming, it has a more peacful vibe and non-smoking smell? Either way for the money its a great value. Especially if you're traveling with kids/babies like I was. You don't have to worry about the smoke or drunk partiers here. And the swans and koi in the open atrium lobby is nice distraction for them if you need to stroll. Plus the pool is huge too. And for those who do needs some action in their lives, its directly across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel. Just becareful jay walking! My recap:Pros:-Free made to order breakfast and nightly open bar-location, it's close to everything yet nice and quiet-Non-gaming, great for families-Spacious rooms and free internet in the rooms.-Super friendly and accomodating staff-Clean roomsCons:-The cable in our room was funny. Though they tried to fix it, the only way to really fix it was to move rooms as the cable company needed to look at it.-The hot water in our bathroom was intermitted and the drain slow. Although they fixed the drain, the water would work when they left but at night would take forever to heat.
4	Embassy Suites anywhere has yet to disappoint me! Booked this hotel for a last minute trip. Hotel is nice, but its really far from the strip. The only good part about this hotel is that it has the most amazing free breakfast! Omelets made to order is a plus! Stay here if you're on a business trip
2	Reviews were right on. This is one of the most out dated Hilton properties I've ever stayed at.
4	I am surprised that some people complain about this hotel because it is not close to the strip...it is not really the hotel's fault that it is not close. Should you not have checked the distance before you book? This is not a hotel casino. This hotel is suitable for people who want to be far from the sparkling lights of the strip and enjoy a "peaceful" night in a very spacious room. Pros: Great breakfast at no additional charge....omelet made from scratch with your choice of ingredientsFree drinks from 5:30 to 7:30The beautiful swans Liquid body wash instead of bar of soapCons: You can hear the planes and it sounded like they were flying over your bedArea not the safest but it is Vegas!
5	This hotel was amazing..Great location, not too far from the strip.  Parking was a breeze, plenty of it.  The free morning breakfast a big plus plus :) All suites have a small living room area, which has a sofa bed :)  A small fridge, sink and many other ammenities.I would sooo stay here next time, this hotel is beautiful.  Why have to walk tons on a strip hotel, when you can stay here and have a beutiful place to sleep :)Great customer service at the front desk too...
5	For those who are complaining: Who are you? You must be used to a more high-flying standard of living than I am, because the Embassy Suites was pretty damn awesome.Free breakfast, fitness room, pool, huge suites with TWO flat-screen TVs, one in the living room and one in the bedroom. Easy parking. I gotta say, though, that I did not feel okay about the swans being used to decorate the hotel. These are living beings, ya know? Oh yeah, and the wifi is not free. It's $4.95 for the duration of your stay.
3	Great value in vegas, $109 per night on a weekend compared to $400 for a cramped little room on the strip.  Throw in the free breakfast and free drinks in the evening and you have yourself a great value.The hotel has been upgraded.  The rooms are nice enough.  The lobby atrium is a bit dated and the faux plants are a bit dusty.There were some service issues.  We ordered food to go at the restaurant.  The place was empty and we were quoted 20 minutes to get our food.  In the end, it took 40.Check in took forever, as did many interactions with the front desk.  The guys working the desk had to always stop and answer phones which was annoying.  But the one guy working the desk called me "cute."  Not sure if I should be flattered or horrified.There was never a consistent answer on the shuttle to the strip.  We were told they would take us anywhere (and they did) and pick us up.  But when I called for pickup, they said they only pick up and drop off at Planet Hollywood.  In the end, we had to use taxis a lot which ran $10 a trip to the strip.All things considered, I like the other Embassy Suites on Paradise just a touch better and I have stayed there many times.  But they were $50 a night more when I booked so we stayed here.
4	Really can't complain. We booked this place frantically because there weren't any rooms available anywhere else during EDC weekend. The people at the front desk are really attentive and helpful. The rooms are decent sized. It has a decent pool. They have an open bar during their happy hour which is nice. No premium liquors of course. The restaurant inside serves a complimentary custom order breakfast for guests with their room key. If you're in dire need of a room in Vegas, this isn't a bad place to stay. Its not too far from the strip and there were plenty of parking spaces available. Its also very conveniently across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel if you need to gamble late night.
4	Cant rate the rooms. I came here for a convention. I'm impressed. It's very classy. The meeting rooms are nice and spacious. They have a restaurant on site and the breakfast bar embassy set up was delicious. Even when we reached capacity they opened up the partition and we had enough seating for everyone. The staff was great and they have shuttle's. Ill rent a room next time I need one I'm sure the hotel rooms are great.
4	Good experience here. Super clean, rooms are updated with newer furnishings, etc. even though the property follows the old Embassy Suites atrium model. My only complaint about the rooms was that lighting was lacking. The entire front room had a small desk lamp with a tiny skinny bulb and a table lamp as the only illumination, and the bedroom only a desk lamp and the light beside the door. If you couldn't have the window shades open, you couldn't see well enough to do anything.Typical free happy hour, but in a nice dedicated bar area with some decent snacks, and a good breakfast set up - more seating and more accommodation for made to order items that most ES's. Staff everywhere I encountered were super friendly and efficient. I got my company's rate here, which made it a GREAT bargain for Vegas.Bonus: Elvis and Priscilla (the swans) and beautiful koi were very nice ambiance for the hotel.
5	Best free breakfast ever! Also loved the swans (: only problem was no towels at the pool and when told they only brought out a couple
5	We stayed at the one on Paradise Rd.What can I say this place is worth it.Nice rooms ,nice staff,excellent free breakfast..Great lobby.One of the nicest places I have ever stayed at.
4	Stayed there for a symposium. The hotel was clean. It was well supervised day and night. The location was close enough to the strip but far enough away to allow for a retreat of sorts. The entire hotel was quiet. The staff was very nice with the exception of the mother of canines that drove the shuttle bus. The swan thing was depressing to me. The breakfast is terrific! The drains in the tub and sink were too slow. The bed was very nice. The parking lot in the rear should be better lit for temporarily ~rich~ walkers. Didn't try the happy hour but it's a nice touch. The coffee is great (Starbucks). Good place to stay if you're not too uptight. I'de like to return.
5	Nice, clean, friendly, close and convienant.We had a great time. The place was clean, the people were friendly and helpful, and the hotel was a nice place to be for business and a little pleasure. Easy to get to and they have a shuttle to the strip.Elevators were fast and the fitness center looked nice.Great prices!$129 a night!
4	Good locationI usually always stay at this Embassy when i roll into town. The price is good and your in walking distance from the strip, seconds from a CVS, restaurants, and foot massage place.The rooms are like any Embassy, spacious and clean. Breakfast is nice because you get the usual continental breakfast, but they cook custom omletes. I've never had a problem with the staff, they're usually always helpful and courtesy.The decor is a little out dated, but everything works like it should. No broken vending machines or washers that over flow when u use them haha.
5	Great room, amazing breakfast.   Everything you hope for from this type of hotel.  Room was clean; bed was comfy; best free breakfast we've had.
4	Really nice hotel. And the royal swans are beautiful! What a cool addition. Oh, and the complimentary breakfast was to die for!
3	dont like the fact they do not have a shuttle from the airport to the hotel but will take you to the airport from the hotel- how does that sound to you?????? crazy other then that a wonder staff - jason, sharon, and the cooks are great, the manager bar special is great everynite wow
4	This Embassy Suites is just like all other Embassy Suites, except it is located in Las Vegas. Being a Hilton Gold member I received two bottles of water and snack corn chips upon arrival. Again the suite room was pretty standard with two 37-inch HDTV flat screens in the bedroom and living room. My only complaint here was being 6 foot 2 inches tall the bathroom mirror was not high enough for my practical use. I had to bend over to see my face in the mirror. See my photo for reference.Other than that minor complaint I will plan to continue to stay at Embassy Suites.Another nice feature of the hotel was complimentary shuttle service to the airport, the strip and pretty much any where along the way.Also their complimentary breakfast service was extremely accommodating in terms of eggs cooked any style with lots of bacon, sausage and hash brown potatoes.Like many other hotels, which use to deliver either USA Today or the local daily newspapers to each room daily, this hotel keeps a stack of newspapers in the lobby so if you want to read the newspaper you just have to pick it up from the lobby as I did on my way out to the airport in the early morning.
4	Loved it, our refrigerator in room didn't work and they switched it out asap. The breakfast here is Amazing. I asked for bacon and half my plate was covered, the omelets are huge and so is the selection. If omelets aren't your thing, their continental breakfast is far superior than restaurants in the area's actual breakfast. Free 2 drinks at the lounge during cocktail hour, just bring your room key and be treated by an amazing, informative bartender with an accent (Didn't catch his name but he is in the know! Gave us multiple magazines with info and coupons on where to go and what to do during our stay in Vegas) Only reason It didn't receive a fifth star is because it isn't exactly walking distance from the strip, especially not during winter. Even so, I would return.
5	I love this hotel! It makes me feel like I'm at a college dorm with how it's arrange, but a lot fancier and a lot better smelling! Hahaha! We came here as part of the Stephen M. White Drill Team supporters :) There's no casinos in this hotel, which was great because my husband couldn't gamble too much. If you check in on Yelp, you can get free 1000 minutes of wi-fi. If you're thinking of using the same code on another phone, try again :( I tried it and it wouldn't let me. Womp womp. That's what I get for trying to cheat the system! There was complimentary breakfast served. They don't check to see what room you're in. Just get in line and you can get bacon, pancakes, hash browns, omelettes, etc. And there's plenty of it too! They're not shy about portions whatsoever.
4	Great place for families. Very nice pool compared to most Embassy Suites. Quiet and well kept. Close to the strip. Great b'fast!!
4	Came here for a meeting. The meeting rooms were very nice, and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The inside of the hotel was very well kept and had swans inside of an indoor pond. Very nice location!
1	This place has serious management, staffing, and customer service issues.I've stayed at 8+ different Embassy Suites throughout the country and the service/amenities/appearance/benefits are all similar except for this one.Upon arrival after a drive in from Los Angeles with the family we had to unload our own luggage and transport it to our room.  There's no hotel staff responsible for this which is strange and out of the norm for a hotel.Upon check in, the front desk employee (this has been consistent through out our 5 night stay) was rude, unprofessional, no eye contact, and in the need of an attitude adjustment as well as customer training.  This goes the same for the 4 other front desk employees we've interacted with.  Why are they in this job when it's obvious they hate it, don't know what they are doing, and think customer service is not important.Going back to the luggage upon check in.  When the front desk person was asked for assistance with our luggage, he pointed at the luggage cart and said no one was able to help us.We had 5 in our party and of course, they only had towels for 4 (and each subsequent day, we only have 4 even though they know there's 5 in our party).  I called down to the front desk and they said someone will bring us an extra set......no apology, no friendliness in the voice.  After waiting 2 hours, we went to dinner came back, and still nothing.  I called again and they said it was delivered.  I told them we did not receive anything and the front desk once again did not apologize but said we would have to wait til the security guard came in to bring us the towels because no one else can help us.We were also not given the run down on the hotel.....free breakfast....managers reception....laundry service......shuttle service......etc.  They did not even have any booklet/manual/directory in the room to give you the lay of the land.  I had to call each time to ask questions and get nothing but attitude in return.The free breakfast service is also different then the other Embassies I stayed at.  You in essence have to "order" your breakfast and wait......and wait to get it versus a self service buffet at the others (except for made to order omelettes).  This creates long lines and a waste of time for the guests.  To top it off, the dining room helpers get all irritated with asking us for what we want.......hey you set up this system so it's your problem not mine....make it self service and you don't have to deal with each and every guest!The free managers reception is also lame.  They have everything in the cocktail lounge.......where minors are not allowed.  How do they get the free chips and salsa?Now the room cleaning......we came back 1 day around 5pm and our room was still in the process of being cleaned.  The housekeeper gave is attitude and told us to come back in 20 minutes.  The hotel wasn't even full.......why is our room only being cleaned at that time.  We had to waste our time waiting for the room.  We even told just to replace our towels.....that was all that was needed but she blew us off.More to come, need to do another post since YELP has a 5001 character limit!
1	Now the shuttle service.  Their sign reads on the top of the hour between x and x they  go to the airport and on the bottom of the hour they go to the strip (Planet Hollywood, in front of the shopping mall).  I had to drop off my rent a car at Treasure Island and asked the front desk if I could be picked up on the strip.  The told me the shuttle will be in front of Planet Hollywood in front of the shopping mall at the bottom of the hour, no need to call.  I told them the sign said the shuttle for the strip leaves the hotel for the strip, so would it be there a little later........he rolled his eyes and said no, its there at the bottom of the hour.  So I am there at the bottom of the hour and no shuttle.  I call and they tell me he will be there in 10 minutes.  10 minutes and no shuttle.  I call back again and they tell me the shuttle is there....then they tell me the shuttle picks up in the basement of the shopping mall because they cannot pick up on the street.........and by the time I walk there it will be too late, so catch a cab.  ANOTHER example of poor communication, customer service, and a waste of time.   Ohhhhhh and it gets better the next morning.After coming back to hotel via cab I go to the front desk to get everything PERFECTLY CLEAR about the shuttle service to the airport because we had a 9am flight and wanted to leave on the 7am shuttle.  They blew me off again, don't worry we got you.The next morning, I call at 6am to reconfirm shuttle service and ask for luggage assistance....I get ATTITUDE.....I don't have anyone that can help you now for your luggage....so I asked for help at 6:45am because we wanted to get on the 7 am shuttle (if anyone from the hotel reads this, I'm talking about 7am on Friday, August 9, 2013).  He said no problem.  Come 6:45am no one comes up to help, I call down and he tells me no one can help, do it yourself, and the shuttle will leave at 7am if we are not down there DESPITE me waiting for them.
4	I am impressed. I was looking for a nice place in Vegas which was close to the strip but not a casino because I actually had to work for a week and didn't want to deal with the crowds. I am so glad I picked Embassy. First pleasant surprise was free breakfast. Every morning I went downstairs and a chef would cook to order whatever I wanted (omelet, fried eggs, french toast, pancakes, etc). Plus all the fixin's (cereal, bagel, coffee, etc). Not the highest in quality but very nice...especially for the price. The second most wonderful surprise is free freakin' booze. That's right...every night from 5:30 to 7:30 is open bar if you flash your room key.  The room was nice. Two TV's, office, fridge, couch, etc. Good to hang out and check emails in the office and close the door to separate from the bedroom so you don't bother the sleepers. The atrium style was a little weird at first because I am not used to people at the restaurant or bar right there as I enter my room. No big deal. Like I said...I am very glad I stayed here and will definitely look for embassy suites on my business travels.
5	It was recommended to me to to stay here. We had a late flight and were only staying for one nights prior to heading out to Grand Canyon. The service was excellent - super friendly and efficient. The complimentary breakfast buffet was the best I have ever had. Hot and cold buffet with food made to order! For anyone looking to stay near the hotel - or just not on the strip, I highly recommend!
4	From one Embassy to the next.. All in all I had a nice stay at this location. The place was clean, staff was friendly and the food was delish!! Only complaint I had was their crazy shortage on towels (lol) but no biggie, next time I plan to just pack my own ;)
4	Get here on time for the manager's reception!  I've been to tons of Embassy Suites all over the country and this is one of the best.  It has your typical atrium setup that Embassy Suites are known for.  The rooms are spacious and quiet.  Made-to-order omelettes for breakfast, easy check-in, free booze and snack between 5:30-7:30.  All pretty standard with this brand of Hilton.What really stands out is the customer service.  The front desk people are friendly.  The bartenders are entertaining and make an effort to get to know you especially if you are a regular traveler here.  The omelette chef is hilarious.  He makes Mickey pancakes.All in all a great business hotel off-strip.  If you want, there is a shuttle that takes you to Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile at the bottom of the hour.  Super-convenient.  Great hotel.
3	Stayed here from 11/15/13-11/17/13. $99 per night, free breakfast, free evening reception from 5:30-7:30 pm, not walking distance from the strip, but a very short drive if you have a DD. You can take the back streets and avoid all the traffic on the strip. Apparently it was a busy weekend because there was no early check-in, and we waited about 15 minutes to finally check in because our room was not ready. Although it was disappointing that we were not able to check-in early or on time, the hotel itself is nice. The employees are very friendly and sympathetic, the room was spacious and did not smell bad, the bathroom is small for my liking, they have real live Swans roaming around in their tiny fountain area (although a nice touch, I think it's cruel).*Hotel's Food: The awesome Supervisor gave us a $50 dinning credit to the hotel's restaurant for having to wait to check in. The food was DELICIOUS! My husband had Chicken Parm (huge portion with lots of chicken), I have a turkey sandwich (also a big portion with lots of turkey), and we shared a Spinach and Artichoke dip with chips as an appetizer (which we ended up buying another order of this the following night).*Breakfast and Evening Reception:The breakfast was good. Cooks are friendly. The evening reception has a small selection of light beers, and whatever mixed drink you want. I didn't really like the flimsy plastic cups they were served in, but its FREE ALCOHOL so whatevs, I'll deal.The one major fail the hotel had was that the room service people straight up tried to barge through our door at 10am, EVEN WITH OUR "DO NOT DISTURB" SIGN AT OUR KNOB! Both days, they knocked a couple times and went straight for the door knob. Luckily we had the top door lock thing set, so they were not able to fully open the door, otherwise they would have been received by our inappropriate pajamas. LolNOT COOL!Overall a good stay. Would recommend to others.
4	This Embassy Suites was my home for nine weeks while on assignment in Vegas and I loved it.  The made to order omelets were so much better than your typical "free" breakfast at hotels.  Why have stale cereal and make your own toast when you can have a delicious omelet prepared by a cheerful, fun chef?The proximity to the airport and strip is great, without the hassle of being right on the strip.  When there for work, I didn't want to have to walk through a casino every night to get to my room, so this was a great solution.
1	Hilton honors room reeked of cigarette smoke. Toilet didn't work, dunk was clogged. Shower leaked for a wet carpet. Free shuttle in the hour was really a joke. If they said 1:30 reality was 3:00. Front desk really didn't care about customer service. Pay extra and stay elsewhere
5	great newly renovated rooms.  As with all Hilton products, the level of service was spectacular.  Be warned, the line for breakfast can be quite long.  I had a high school sports team in line ahead of me...I had to skip a cooked to order breakfast and opt for (what was probably healthier than what I would have gotten) cold food items.  Nevertheless, it still filled me up and I was on my way.
3	This hotel has a few things going for it, including great customer service and a wonderful breakfast. My room was just ok. I had issues with the condition of the shower and felt I needed to wear my flip flops due to the OLD adhesive shower mat rehab partially floated upon getting wet. This just grossed me out. Otherwise the room was decent, typical Embassy Suites quality. Word to the wise: don't wander in the neighborhood too much. It's full of crack heads!!! I tried to buy water at 3 places before finally ending up at a 7-11. Scary hood!
5	Very nice hotel which I have stayed at twice now.  Our room was spotless and very comfortable and the morning breakfast was delicious.  The swans (Elvis & Priscilla) add an elegant touch to the nicely decorated atrium and the staff is very service oriented.  I would stay here again anytime.
5	This was a great stay! Though not on the strip, so very close for any destination whether its cab, rental car, or even walking. Hard Rock right across the street (backside, and I was somewhat disappointed after visiting, so so casino) and Planet Hollywood further down, Paris, Bellagio not too far.  The rooms were very nice, beds quite comfortable and your basic suite: separating rooms, lounge area, 2 office spaces, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, bar area, two queen beds in the bedroom area, etc.  Pool very nice as well. What knocked my socks off was the complimentary made to order breakfast! Not your typical "free breakfast". Made to order fresh eggs/omelets any way you want, hash browns, pancakes, bacon, sausage, French toast, plus 3 cereals, toast/bagels, muffins, donuts, fruits, oatmeal, and free flowing Starbucks coffee. Really starts the day off perfectly.  OH! To top it off, complimentary bar and snacks from 5:30 to 7:30.
5	We love this hotel. Just a little ways off the strip it has a great private swimming pool with a waterfall and an indoor river complete with placid swans. But the free breakfast is what tips it over the 4 stars. Made to order omlettes pancakes and French toast. Fantastic! The front desk workers were not that friendly but the rest of the staff, mainly cleaning staff, were very friendly and extremely polite. If we were ever coming back to Vegas we would absolutely stay here again.
1	I've stayed at many Embassy Suites accross america and by far this is the worst. Really bad housekeeping service. will only service if you ask. Worst yeat, the tub allows sewer gases to enter the bathroom. Yeah real nice. and check the in-room refridgerator before using it, ours was turned off. Overall this is a dump.
4	Complimentary drinks and treats 5:30-7:30
4	This place is located just behind the Hard Rock. I give it 4 of 5 stars because of it's location. If you are a drinker, this is your place.  The bartender (pictured) will make your drinks to order during "manager's reception" from 4-7 (it's open bar).  Breakfast is excellent (is included), and you can't beat the price for a one bedroom. Got kids?  The pool has just enough mojo to be fun for the kids. INCREDIBLE VALUE.
5	One word to describe this hotel and staff, AMAZING! First let me say it was the delightful staff that make my stay in Las Vegas so great. I've stayed at other Embassy Suites in my area, the hotels including this one is always cozy, very clean, great prices, and accommodating. What stood out to me was the staff helpfulness, and kindness. My friends and I never been to Las Vegas and the staff help us figure everything out. There's a free shuttle that takes you to the strip every 30 minutes, also pick you up. The offered up free drinks on the shuttle, as well as in the hotel. And of course they offer free breakfast, coffee, and many beverages. If your 21 and over you get free tickets to receive two alcohol drinks, as well as free tickets to different parties. My group was in the 25-30 age group, the hotel was more family oriented, not really for partying, but we were ok for the relaxed environment. The pool area was great, the bartender made amazing drinks worth the money, and the hotel restaurant stayed open late and had great food for an affordable price. To top it all off there are no resort fees due to the hotel doesn't have a casino inside, so you save money. The room space was great, as we were in the two room suite. I will defiantly we returning to this hotel the next time I visit Las Vegas.
5	This is a quiet, relaxing hotel suitable for families or those looking for a little peace and quiet. The hotel is not too far from the strip. However, it's aura completely different from other Vegas hotels. The interior is clean and feels like the city of Oz with antique gold detail and green foliage and carpet. Basically the small hotel is designed like a doughnut. The dough represents the hotel rooms that wrap around a hole, the center "courtyard." This courtyard contains a swan and koi pond that is overlooked by all other floors of the hotel. Thus, the feeling of the hotel is very spacious and airy. Upon stepping out of one's room, one can look down to the swan pond and seating area below that is flooded with natural light from the glass ceiling. I quite liked the two swans, Elvis and Priscilla, that peacefully and gracefully float along the pond. They seem to be happy and well taken care of. They are truly magnificent and I've never seen such gorgeous creatures up close. The complementary continental breakfast is a nice touch. There's also a quiet, nice pool in the hotel.
4	A very nice stay at a hotel off strip. Easy access to the strip via the courtesy van to Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile Mall every hour, on the half hour, and van to the airport every top of the hour. The people there really made our stay enjoyable. Free happy hour, and full breakfast, but biscuits and gravy only on the weekends? Definitely Sunday. Had a nice program going where you get a discount when donating a can of food, per night of stay. Can't wait to come back.
