5	Checked out PastaBar tonight and here's my review...We'll start with the bad:* Horrible location within the building. The entrance is way down the hallway that you enter off of 1st St. Maybe they have plans to redo that hallway into something more inviting, but it feels like you're walking into some storage area and it's really a shame as the entry doors are quite nice and give a nice first impression once you actually reach them. Would have been great if the entrance was right off the street like Sens.* No alcohol license. Just read that it's in the works (2 weeks out) and glad to hear that as pasta with no wine just doesn't sit well, ya know?* Cloth napkins would be nice. It's not a big deal but would give it a better ambiance then a fork/knife wrapped in a paper napkin, especially when you're dropping $20 per personNow for the good:* The food is freaking AMAZING! I'm serious when I say it's the best pasta I've ever eaten. That may not be saying that much, as I don't eat pasta often, and if I do, it's usually Buca di Beppo or Olive Garden, but this was some seriously good food.I had the Chitarra alla Carbonara...guanciale, farm egg, local onion, Pecorino ($17) along with Warm Calamari ($7). My fiance had the Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder ($9). The Pork Shoulder I could have passed on...not that it wasn't good, just didn't really care for the sauce it had on it. The other two items however...I was just about licking the pasta bowl when done, it was that good. The texture of the noodles was spot on, and the mix of the guanciale (bacon made from the pigs head from what I understood) along with the Pecorino (sheep's milk cheese) worked great together.* Complimentary Valet Parking! Not sure if it's a temporary thing or not, but it was nice, especially on a freezing night like tonight.* Portion size was good...right in the middle, not too little but definitely not the huge platter portions you would see at Buca di Beppo. Pasta dishes are 4oz-6oz each and they recommend to pair it with a side or appetizer, but really I didn't think it was necessary once the pasta dish arrived.
5	I could sit here and talk about the fantastic food that Wade and his crew produce on a nightly basis at Pasta Bar, but I'm not. The quality of the food is all too obvious from the littany of reviews already posted on Yelp! in the one week that this new restaurant is open. Pasta Bar is more than a restaurant. With chefs in Phoenix like Chris Bianco and Wade Moises, I feel like the Valley of the Sun is finally transforming into a foodie force to be reckoned with. For so long Phoenix has been nothing but a commuter city with tasteless slop served up by corporate restaurant chains. With the opening of the first leg of the light rail, there has been an increased interest in Downtown. More people are venturing from their safe little homes in the burbs to check out the unique variety of restaurants, cafes and bars popping up. Pasta Bar, like many of the new spots downtown, demands a different kind of consumer. You may not always be right, and you must have an open mind to new and exciting fare (no alfredo sauces or gut busting portions at this place). You probably shouldn't even ask for butter with your crisp breadsticks. This restaurant is so good that modifications aren't necessary-and are generally unwelcomed. This restaurant needs you to appreciate it for what it is-not what you want it to be. That is why Pasta Bar (and all of my other fave downtown comforts) is going to be a success. It's quality and simplicity demand respect. I am proud of Wade and his crew for opening such a fantastic new place, and I am already and avid fan of his delicious gnocchi. :)
4	The place is beautiful, food great, the service BEYOND words (as in a great way) and the owners are a couple of great guys.Well there you have it! Another great addition to CenPho ... You can meet the owners by watching this: http://www.cenpho.tv/CenPho.TV/Show_Notes/Entries/2009/1/16_January_16th_2009.html
2	We've been eagerly anticipating the opening of PastaBAR since we heard of it, and we love the location near Sens, Breadfruit and now Turf Accountant.Let's start out by saying we are huge fans of hand made fresh pasta.  But read on...We showed up about 7pm on a Thursday and were the only patrons in the place...another group showed up when we were finishing.The decor is nice, I like it.  The servers were very friendly and attentive.  The bar / wine list was not yet available, but we went in expecting this as we knew about the license pending.Let's talk about the food and presentation.Starters:There were plastic packaged crunchy breadsticks on our plates - ok, tasty enough.  It would be nicer if the kitchen sent out something small and hand made instead.We tried the Fritto Misto, a deep fried appetizer trio: stuffed/deep fried olives:  tasty and interesting, not a bad start.  The broccollini was not as good, a bit greasy, but still interesting.  The deep fried risotto was probably the best thing they have, I really enjoyed it.  All were served on a plain white plate.  Pastas:  We were told the portions were small, 4-6oz, so we decided to order and share 3 pastas and get a few tastes for the evening.   All were served in plain white bowls (which is fine), but as a whole they all just had too many flavors that overwhelmed the pasta, especially any with the hot peppers.  The gianciale was interesting as a bacon in the pasta, but all around, the pastas tasted heavy, possibly over-egged, too garlicky, and one even had bread mixed in with the sauce...very odd.  The gnocchi was way too spicy, the gnocchi itself was actually nicely made, but the sauce completely blanketed any flavors the pasta might have had.  You wouldn't know it was gnocchi other than the texture and shape.  Aren't you here for the sauce AND the pasta?  Why take so much time to lovingly hand prepare a pasta if you are going to kill it with a poorly made sauce?We did not finish but a portion of each bowl, it wasn't interesting or good enough.   We eat Italian several times a week and even though in most cases our favorite Italian restaurant (Marcellino Ristorante) costs more, the quality, flavors, presentation and service are far better than the food and service here.  A $19 Pacatelli al Ragu di Salsiccia at Marcellino completely blows away a $17 anything here.  There is no comparison.  This place hasn't mastered pasta yet, unfortunately....and this is the chef from Sassi I believe...maybe we were there on a bad night?  But three strikeouts in three pastas...just doesn't cut it.  It wasn't good enough, it was way too overwrought.Desert:Skipped, they only offered italian ice.I think the chef is trying to be too creative here.  Either that or I am used to more subtelty, higher quality, or even more mastery in the making of pastas and the pairing of hand made sauces.  Both of us agreed that we probably wouldn't come back, even though we always like to give a restaurant more than one chance.  It just didn't show any kind of mastery of Italian food at all.  Just too many conflicting flavors that did nothing for the pasta.  On the way out we stopped at Sens and were nicely received by Johnny Chu and we had a nice bottle of Sake as our dessert.  We were so impressed by their menu and cold Sake selection that we went back the next night and had some of the best asian fusion we've had!  (Review pending).   mmm, Yakitori shrimp with head on.  Crunchy goodness!Summary:If you are in the neigborhood, you have better options for a nice dinner for a better price.  Sens, Cheuvront, Breadfruit..  but if you want Italian food...this isn't the place.But give them a try, my review is my own.  My palate is different and I'm sure many people will love this place, it might be a match for you.I do wish them success.  This is a tough economy and maybe all that is needed is a few tweaks to the sauces - a little more subtlety and fewer ingredients that work well together might make this place worth revisiting.
3	Finally made it here with a group of friends in an attempt to order one of everything off of the menu. While we didn't accomplish this mission we had sure had a lot of fun working on it.I have to say that someone in the back is extremely heavy handed with the salt! I mean seriously, every app we order, Seasonal Vegetable, Mozz Salad, Fritto Misto and even the mixed lettuces, salty. You know I'm a fan of good seasoning but came on. I of course told our server who actually tasted the fried broccolini and agreed 100%, salty. No offer of taking them off the bill, remaking them or anything like that.. what it did seem clear is that the staff is afraid of the chef. Our server didn't even want to mention it it him till later, if something is broke, fix it! I will say though that if the apps weren't salty they prolly would have been outstanding, the initial flavors before the extreme saltiness hit you were very good. Also I have to bring up another point, why not serve bread? Charge me for it, whatever.. those shitty prepackaged bread sticks don't cut it at all! Apparently the chef feels that bread, and dessert for that matter, shouldn't be served at the PastaBar that the focus should be pasta, if that's the case then ditch the salty apps. Ya know if logic dictates then then make it consistent, ya know?Okay, onto what was really fun and yummy, the pasta and the sides. The pasta here is out of this world delicious! We ordered the Gnocchi, Chitarra Alla Amatriciana, Orecchiette and the Chitarra alla Carbonara. Perfectly cooked, seasoned and presented, each and everyone! The winner at the table was the ricotta Gnocchi! Each pillow bite was better than the last! The ragu was deliciously thick but lacked one thing, bread! All the sauce on the bottom of each pasta bowl was wasted since there was no bread to sop it all up. Damn that pisses me off to no end. Why make this outstanding pastas and sauces then waste it with no way to sop it up.. *sigh* The side of Pork Shoulder was phenomenal! Tender and juicy this was almost like a confit of pork with a nice puddle of liquid fat on the bottom of the plate, was a shame to let the plate leave with all the goodness sitting there.. I swear,  it cried out when the server took my plate. Haunting.Alright, I wont mentioned the lack of bread again but come on! LOL! There, over it.. next time I'm sneaking some in under my shirt! Ill charge the other diners 5 bucks for my bread service, it'll be fun! Who knew that bread could be considered contraband!
4	I'll start by yelling, MORE PASTA PLEASE!... and that's a good thing because the dish I had was insanely delicious. I ordered the Chitarra alla Carbonara with Guanciale. Man-o- man was it good. Thanks to Kevin H for my new found addiction; Guanciale! You Rule!  Now back to the review...If I were rating my entire experience on the pasta alone, you would see 5 stars. However, in order to get there I feel a few tweaks are needed to land on perfection. First, the local greens salad I had was way overly salted and a bit meager in my opinion. A little less on the salt and throw in a few shavings of Parmigiano and you got a winner. Second, I feel the pricing structure is little steep for the lunch crowd and may be the reason why my co-worker and I were the only ones in the place during the 11am lunch hour on a Tuesday. Consider a price adjustment to attract the lunch crowd and you're sure to draw them in.  My bill with tip was $24.66 for the salad, tea, and pasta. Lastly, and I second Alexander's plea. Where's the freaking bread!  I could not believe I had to give up my bowl with a pool of deliciousness still left at the bottom. The drippings alone could feed a family of three. It was criminal. I mentioned my disappointment to our server who kindly said there were no plans to serve bread with pasta dishes, the cracker sticks is all they were serving. Ditch the cracker sticks man and get with the program. I begged with him to make it happen and was a bit dramatic while conveying this request.  He must have got the message because 10 min later he came back to our table saying that the kitchen staff was working on a plan to serve bread with the pasta dishes. I promised a return visit to validate the change and I look forward to reporting back.  Wishin' and Hopin' and Thinkin' and Prayin' la,la, la, la~
2	A disappointing cacophony of in-your-face flavors.  Having tried two of the pastas and the gnocchi, my impression is that these dishes are the food version of jazz improv - discordant and overwhelming.  Like the music, I can see how the Pasta Bar dishes may appeal to many, particularly those who favor flavor intensity and/or creativity over all else.  For my taste buds, this was overload.  Interesting yes, but I can't say I found it good.Here are some details:  Pasta and gnocchi - both are quite heavy and substantial.  I prefer a more tender pasta and pillow-light gnocchi.  Maybe after running a marathon the high-density pasta would hold more appeal.Sauces - Here is the in-your-face part.  The gnocchi sauce is spicy, overwhelmingly so for me (although I do freely admit to being a hot chili wimp).  Despite my personal intolerance to hot food, a more delicate approach would have been better.The le Sarde sauce sounded interesting, mainly because I love sardines, but my taste buds could not get over the bizarre combination of strong flavors vying for attention. I could not even pick out the taste of the sardines amongst the culinary noise.  And what is with the dried hunks of bread?  I could not get beyond the oddness of this one.  The carbonara was an intense combination of garlic and black pepper flavors, and probably the dish I enjoyed most of the three.  Even on this one, the garlic was out of this world in intensity.On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.  The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.  The ingredients all appeared fresh and high quality.  And the food is indeed interesting - this is no boring spaghetti/lasagna place.As a matter of taste, I'm going to have to pass on Pasta Bar.  For the price, I'll be looking for more of a flavor symphony.  If culinary improv and high-density pasta is your thing, check it out.
3	I'm inclined to like PastBAR because I generally support all things downtown.  Our saturday evening dinner was nice.  My gnocchi were rich and satisfying and BFs sausage and fennel pasta was equally good.  That's pretty much it.  I think the food here is good enough to go back for but not good enough to rave about.  I also think the decor is a little too "chain-like".  I guess I don't have a lot to say about the place.  Sometimes a restaurant is fine but doesn't hit your hot button.
2	Okay, I want to like it more than I do but.....well, lets just dig into the review. First, know that I went there for lunch on a Saturday, not in the evening when it is in full swing, so maybe I missed part of the ambiance but honestly, I went there to try the food. First, I had the olives appetizer and based just on that, this place would be amazing. It was a small plate full of big, meaty, green olives, obviously warmed in a bath of live oil and served with a light sprinkle of salt and oh, so good. I would go back just for these. But, an appetizer does not a meal make so lets go on to the main course and side dish. For lunch I had some sort of pasta which was advertised to have anchovies, lemon, and if i remember correctly, hot pepper. I also ordered a side of braised greens. The pasta, when it was served, came in a large white bowl and honestly, when I order a pasta dish over $10, I prefer it to be well...plated, on a plate. The dish also contained sauteed fennel which, while not unpleasant, was not expected, and it seemed, it was a bit dry. As for the braised greens, also served in a large white bowl and that was it, just the braised greens. Some cracked black pepper and some shaving of hard cheese, would definitely have helped round out the side dish (though at $3 I can't complain too much but make it $4 and bump it up a bit). Finally, the decor, nothing really stands out. Sen, right next door, has much more of an artistic edge so maybe they could kick up the look of the place a bit. So, take the review for what it is and if nothing else, go in the evening for a glass of wine and the olive appetizer (a steal at $5) but overall, it did not wow me as much as I expected from all the write-ups.
3	I am SO glad to have new restaurants opening downtown. My friends and I had eagerly anticipated PastaBAR opening, and I'd say that in general we were pleased with our dinner, service, and ambiance. We were told that all of the pasta was made on site, which is great. The pasta itself tasted fresh and was cooked well. I have to say that I actually enjoyed two of the other dishes more than my own: the lemon/butter/parmesan Bavette al Cedro was really good, and the Bavette Cacio e Pepe with black pepper, butter, and pecorino cheese was also good -- I'd thought that the black pepper would be overwhelming, but it was nicely seasoned. Both dishes were simple and satisfying. The dish I ordered was a fettuccine dish with fennel pesto, raisins, pine nuts, hot peppers, lemon and sardines. I was told by our server that you couldn't really taste the sardines, but they added a little saltiness to the sauce, which was true. I guess overall I just wasn't impressed by that dish. I couldn't taste the lemon or the hot peppers, and overall I thought it was a bit bland. One of the other people at my table tasted it and agreed. It wasn't that bad, just not impressive. We didn't try any appetizers, but drank quite a bit of wine. :) Overall, I'll definitely go back. It's a tad on the expensive side, and I wouldn't order the same dish again, but overall it was a nice evening in a beautiful restaurant.
3	Let me make this clear that I am aware the owners are going to read this and they know who I am and what I do. I am in no way going to let this fact influence my review. I came in for lunch with my dad and unfortunately for the restaurant, we were the only ones in it. Almost for the better, as dad had a lot of questions about where the ingredients came from and we had the full attention of Nick and the bartender. The space is clean, and has some local art on most of the walls. One wall though, needs to be decorated... it's very empty. The restrooms are outside the restaurant, which is only a minor inconvience.I ordered the gnocchi and it was good, but I have been very much spoiled by Marcellino's gnocchi, so I didn't truly think it was phenomonal. The portions at this restaurant are also crazy small. I honestly don't think I've had such a small meal at a restaurant as long as I can remember. I understand about ingredient prices, profit margins, etc. But I'd rather the prices be a couple dollars higher and get a larger meal. The overall experience was very positive, but I'd not be yearning to go back immediately. I'll save it for a somewhat special occasion. I think everyone would be happy to at least try it once though.
3	'P' stands for 'pasta' and 'potential.'  I took my folks to PastaBAR tonight because a proper bowl of house-made pasta was sorely lacking in downtown.I overheard a server refer to the space as cave-like when she spoke of a plan to expand out to where the windows are, but as it is now, it's a stark, gallery of dining, I suppose.  Our server confirmed the owner's plan to open a gelateria in the adjacent suite.  (Sens, PastaBAR, Turf Accountant, The Breadfruit: quite a culinary compound now!)The pop art re-imaginings are leaning against a rail on one wall, and I agree with the other yelper who noticed an unadorned wall in dire need of some dressing.  The communal table at the entrance is a nice way to introduce the space, and the bar's best feature is Erin.  (Hi, Erin.)For $9, the Bavette Cacio e Pepe (black pepper, Italian butter and Pecorino) was rich and peppy.  As a side, I ordered the braised greens (with garlic), and for $3, they were an excellent accompaniment.  The waitress wasn't sure of the the greens (collards, mustard, chard, etc.), but I'm guessing it was broccoli rabe.The wine menu was interesting, but they were out of the Sangiovese, my dad's favorite.  There's a limited spirit menu -- a handful of liquors -- but the Four Peaks Kiltlifter and 8th Street Ale compensate.The only dessert offering tonight was a granita, so we passed in hopes of grabbing a gelato at nearby Chill Out Gelato Cafe, but it was closed.The homemade pasta will keep diners happy as will the generous sides (my dad raved about the slow roasted local lamb for $9).I'm hoping for more vegetarian options (besides butter and cheese).  When I asked the server if the Fettuccine with fennel could be made without the sardines, she said this was not possible.  I'll definitely return to see if the menu changes with the seasons.  My Bavette were worth returning for.
2	The (lightly) deep fried veggies tasted great especially the brocholli but it was too heavily salted. We tried two of the entrees and they were fresh and tasted good but they did not impress as I had hoped.The atmosphere was minimalist and nice, hip but not painfully so.An appetizer, two pasta entrees, and three glasses of wine + tip rang in at just over $71. My rating may have been better if I did not insider the value. But the truth is that I have recently enjoyed far better meals and with better service for similar or less cost than at Pasta Bar.
4	Two of us came for brunch on Art Detour Saturday. We had sides only - the slow-roasted pulled pork, ditto lamb, and braised greens. That is precisely what these dishes consisted of - no embellishments. They were delicious and filling and the service was friendly and excellent. We're going back soon to sample the pasta. They intend to market themselves to the employed community for weekday lunch. I hope they do - it will increase their chances of survival.
2	When Denny's at 1am is the best meal you have had all day, you know something went horribly awry. Really I have nothing good to say about PastaBar other than I'm glad we didn't have a wait at 8pm on Friday night, but that is not saying much. The bread sticks they serve in the beginning? Dook Wine and beer selection? Also Dook. All three dishes we ordered came out lukewarm and the portions are really unimpressive, especially for the prices. I was not wowed one bit by anything, including the fried mozzarella. (which, btw, came AFTER our meal despite the fact that we ordered it first, as an appetizer....) Our server was a nice lady, but the service just wasn't good. The food wasn't good. I don't like the decor. I think its overpriced. I would really rather have gone to Olive Garden and paid $8.95 for the all you can eat pasta, salad and bread sticks. At least I would have been full when I left.Thanks Denny's for saving my night.What a let down this place was.
2	2.5 stars I have visited PastaBar twice now. Both times I have been left with the "Eh.. it's ok" opinion about it. The first visit was during their opening week, I believe. When we walked in we were warmly greeted and seated immediately. I noticed the very stark decor and the nice big mirror they had to make the room look huge. We were seated in a corner booth that is not very comfortable for two people that want to sit next to each other, not across from each other (just a note). We took the time to look over a simple menu. They had just obtained their liquor license and our waiter was stumbling on the wine selection. While I understand that the liquor license is new, your knowledge of wine should not be. For such a nice place, the servers should have a slight knowledge of wine and be able to advise on them. When it came time to ordering our meal, our waiter was nice enough to advise us to order a side to split with our pasta if we were hungry. Good to know! On my first trip, I ordered the Chitarra alla Carbonara. I enjoyed the dish, except for the fact that it was a tad salty and it had a lot of black pepper in it, personal taste is one thing, but when you're chewing into black pepper...woah. I couldn't even enjoy the flavor of the guanciale in the dish because of the pepper in the sauce. The pasta was very good, I like my pastas al dente and this pasta met my expectation. My date ordered the gnocchi. It was again just ok. On the side my date and I split the meatballs. I thought they were ok. The sauce wasn't your run of the mill spaghetti sauce. It had a smoky, almost barbecued flavor to it. It was good, but again a little crazy with the black pepper. At the end of that trip I was left with a "yeah....uh...I think it was good" and vowed to come back to render my final decision. The second trip sealed the coffin for me. We were greeted and seated immediately, once again. I took the time to really check out the place. Oh! They put new artwork up....um... I will refer to the art as "Signs of the Apocalypse". Timothy McVeigh? Really? I found it tasteless, but to each his own. Knocked the restaurant down a notch for me, personally. We ordered the Fried Buffalo Mozz, Marinara "crudo" to start. Our waitress left us to take our time looking at the menu. I decided on Orecchiette with homemade sausage and greens. My friend and I shared the Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder. We noted that our appetizer was taking forever and when I spotted the waitress to ask her about it, she was delivering our dinner.... HUGE pet peeve. I gently said "You delivered our entrees before our appetizer." She stood looking astonished and said "OH! Yes I did!" and continued to stand as if she was lost. Well after we told her we still wanted the appetizer, she came back MUCH later with the incorrect appetizer, and offered to leave it and not charge us for it. NO. Wrong. If the customer ordered an appetizer, they wanted that one for a reason. Our appetizer finally made it as the dessert course of our dining experience, but that's not it folks! Rewind to our meals. My pasta was lukewarm at best. It was like I rewarmed leftover pasta and didn't warm it all the way and decided to eat it out of a Tupperware bowl. This was definitely not the marking of a 17 dollar bowl of pasta. By the time I was about 5 bites into my dish, it was cold. At this point, I was so irritated, I truly didn't care. I know we're not in Scottsdale, but does that mean we need to sacrifice quality and service due to a different zip code? I know we're in America, but do we need to offend patrons with artwork of mass murderers while they're trying to eat? Again, to each his/her own, but I doubt I will visit PastaBar again. I'm sure it will thrive without a few people with discerning taste. It's not a place I will crave, it's not a place that I would jump to visit again.
4	OK, I'm adding a star to PastaBar because the food deserves it.  That and the "Jack on Mulberry Street" cocktail - very tasty.  So, I've figured out what didn't strike me initially about PB.  It's not so much the art as the whole decor.  It's not bad.  It''s just not as put together as I'd hoped for a downtown local.  It's fine really, just not my style.  The food on the other hand is sublime; inventive and flavorful.  The portions are absolutely fair as is the price.  Now if I can just get them to lower the price of that great cocktail!
2	The spouse and I went to PastaBAR after seeing it on Yelp, and we were underwhelmed. For starters, the storefront (or what may one day be the storefront?!) is unfinished and facing an ASU parking lot which led us to believe the place was closed. We parked anyways and walked down a hallway past Sens and some out-of-place looking sports bar. When we finally found the entrance to PastaBAR, we still thought it was closed! There was no one greeting customers at the door, and none of the tables by the entrance was seated. Thank gawd we're nosy.Everything else about the experience seemed like a work in progress too. The dining room was empty... not a good sign for Thursday night. Our appetizer, fried mozzarella, was cold in the middle and sitting in water, which made it mostly inedible. The main entrees were creative, but way too small despite being close to 20-bucks each. Spouse thought his ravioli tasted bland, though I did enjoy my Fettuccini Tagliatta.Our server was fantastic; he carefully explained the menu and offered recommendations. But I got a big bone to pick with Ms. Thang behind the bar. Both Spouse and I ordered wine (he's red, I'm white). The wine portions were typical, enough to make my cheeks warm, but certainly not enough to make up for mushy mozzarella. Another couple came in after us, and before they were seated they stopped and said hello to the bartendress. They were in the same sorority or something. I watched her pour their wine glasses, and they were about twice the serving as ours! Stupid wine Nazi.We'd probably go back to PastaBAR. But not for several months until, ya know, they finish building it.
4	I finally made it to PastaBAR today with my husband and mother in law.  I am so glad we decided to come here over the Turf.  When someone else is paying, you should ALWAYS choose the more expensive place.  I am so glad that we finally made it here.Aside from the price being a bit of a deterrent for me, I am really picky and there are lots of things on the menu that don't particularly make me salivate.  That being said, I came here with no objections and an open mind.  Plus, after watching so much Hell's Kitchen, I wanted to know what good, fresh pasta tastes like.  I found out that it actually tastes like heaven.I chose the gnocchi alla lupa (I think it is called that) which was decadent little pillows of potato dumplings covered in a beautiful sausage ragu.  Wow.  The perfect little potato clouds were practically melt in your mouth.  I am so going to try making these at home now that I know how incredible they can be.  The portion was a perfect size, leaving me very satisfied.  After tasting the pasta here, I understand the price point.  It is perfectly fair considering the excellent quality and workmanship of the delicious pasta.  My husband and mother in law both got the lunch special.  One of them had the cavatelli with pesto and the other had cavatelli with pomodoro sauce.  Both of these dishes were delicious as well.  I really appreciated the lightness of the pesto sauce.  I didn't feel like I was ingesting a few cloves of garlic per bite.  It was a very season appropriate dish.  We were less than impressed with the salads though.  The odd pairing of ingredients made for a less than appetizing side.  This group is not a fan of celery, which could be the reason why we didn't like the salad.  I wouldn't suggest the lemonade, it was incredibly tart, and almost to the point of not being drinkable.Overall, I was very pleased with this place.  I will be back again when I am feeling rich.  If PastaBAR ever decides to add a lovely cream sauce to their menu, I will definitely make this a five star restaurant in my book.  Another wonderful restaurant to add to the burgeoning strip of foodie heaven along 1st street.
2	I was excited about the prospect of PastaBAR - hipster Italian dining in downtown PHX. Unfortunately, I forgot that too often hipster is synonymous with pretentious.I thought I liked the ambiance of the place, until I found out that supposedly the paintings on the wall are of serial killers.  If that's true, its laughably stupid. The service was OK, not overly helpful as we already to look up several things on the menu since it made no sense to us non-foodies. And I understand that we get overserved in America and portions should normally be smaller, but for what we got versus what it cost, I felt slighted.  And it wasn't that tasty either.So Meh PastaBAR.  You have promise, but you're executed with an attitude that apparently just isn't for me. Maybe I'll try again if you decide to serve some of those evil carbs in the form of actual bread.
3	I've been hesitant to try Pasta Bar since they first opened.  We've been to Turf half a dozen times and usually it is the price-point that keeps me from wandering to the back of the complex and trying Pasta Bar.  I finally got my mother to take us out so that I didn't have to pay for it.  Pasta Bar seems to have the worst location of the three restaurants in the complex.  There is no patio, no windows, and no personality.  It is too bad because Italian places are always begging for style.  A mirror, a few paintings, some duct work, and a nicely-crafted bar sort of make up the entire ambiance of  PB.The place was dead when we got there.  It was Saturday afternoon and Turf seemed to be pretty busy.  The waitress was helpful and informative when we got in and we looked over the lunch menu.  They had a lunch special where you picked lemonade or tea, got a salad, and a different type of cavatelli.  I had lemonade and the pesto pasta.  The lemonade was the most sour thing I had ever drank.  In fact, I think it was made of liquefied lemon Warheads.  No amount of sugar was going to make this drinkable.  It was pretty disappointing.  As far as the breadstick thing goes, they were fine.  I think I would rather them bring out a basket of breadsticks instead of them sitting on the table like a package of chopsticks.  They taste fine.My pasta really wasn't that great.  The pesto was nice and light, which was a bit surprising.  It tasted good but could have had more garlic.  The pasta, however, was undercooked and rubbery.  I love non-flour pasta and I will almost always order gnocci or cavatelli if they are available and this was simply not that great.  It was fine but could have been better.The salad was actually worse than the salad that comes with the Fez Burger.  I didn't think such a thing was possible, but Pasta Bar has figured out how to make it.  They apparently take an entire stalk of celery and chop it up and throw it in with 5 pieces of lettuce and an orange tomato.  The celery taste was so overwhelming that I couldn't possible eat more than two bites of it.  That's fine, I don't go to a pasta place for the salad, but I would have been fine with a traditional salad.In all, the lunch special for $12 is a fine deal.  The pasta is decent.  My mother had the other cavatelli (with the pomodoro sauce).  It was much better than mine.  I can't give this place a bad review but I would probably not go back.  With so many other food options next door or just down the rail/street, it is hard to see myself going back.
3	I'd give this place 3.5 stars... after reading the other reviews I expected a half of a cup of pasta or something ridiculous but I thought the portion was adequate. And, I was REALLY hungry when I got there. We ordered the olives as a starter (they are all green and served warm) and were able to get some bread to accompany the reserve oil. Our server voluntarily explained menu items with important details like: it's ricotta gnocchi, not potato and the extra items in the puntanesca sauce (my recipe only has 7). We both had the orecchiette with sausage and greens. I found it to be a bit oily but the pasta was cooked well. He described the deserts perfectly and the chocolate bark with almonds was a nice finish with a second glass of nero d'avalo, and, by the way... I though the wine prices were very reasonable! Without tip, we spent about $36 a person and we each had two glasses of wine and left satisfied!
2	I wanted to love PastaBAR, as I love all of it's selling points (downtown, late night, fresh local ingedients, small plates).  But I didn't.In a word: underwhelming.  The portions are elegant.  The prices would be perfectly fair if the food rocked.  But everything seemed underseasoned, stark and lacked depth of flavor.  There is simple food, which I dig, but this seemed austere.I will go back and sample other dishes: I need this place!
2	The caprese appetizer was wonderful, but the entree was barely edible.  Over-salted and there was more fat than beef.  Won't be going back.
1	Overhyped!!Yeah,  the Chef and manager are from Scottsdale...so what?Yeah,  the pasta are all homemade....so what?If it ain't good...it just ain't good... even if you used fresh hard to find ingredients, if the execution is not there..the dish is...so what?Harsh I know, but my one pet peeve is when non-locals come to Downtown claiming to make a change in Downtown..and this is what we get?!?After talking to the head chef (it was a sat night  and there was 1 table at 9pm)  I find his claims in changing the downtown late dining scene to be obsurd..hello have you heard of Carly's, Fate, Sens....Anyways, about the food....I ordered the gnocchi with sausage...it was ok , I have had better....the only thing is..I could not find any sausage!  The portions were a bit small for the price.The pork shoulder was the other item I ordered that night...it was tender but too salty!  Not my thing...I ordered coffee which they said they could make, only to come back to me and say that they do not have any coffee cups!  what? :)My friend and I shared those two items, with 1 drink and tip, it came out to $40 bucks...kinda high when you consider the portions and quality..I dont mind paying that kind of price if the food was good....IF it was good.....
4	Tonight was my first time trying out pasta bar with a couple of church friends (http://www.solidrockexperience.org) and was quite unique in a way.  It's place I would go for a quick luncheon.  I'm a pasta guy, so I know a lot about pasta and how it should be cooked and etc.  I use to work pasta station. (Ha chef I know what craziness of pasta station.  I'm preety sure you got a little taste of it at Babbo)  Pasta should be SIMPLE, period!   And pasta bar showed what simplicity of pasta was.  Good pasta and little sauce. As an appetizer I ordered the caprese salad and the flavors I would say was delicious to my pallet.  The intensity of the basil pesto was perfect and buffalo mozzarella melted in your mouth.  The heirloom tomato was a little under ripped but what can you do?  Appetizer = A+Now the main course, PASTA!  I ordered the fennel pasta (not sure what it is called but lets call it the fennel pasta) and I thought it was a bit strange.  Pasta and fennel?  To tell you the truth this dish was okay.  I thought the flavors didn't really complemented each other and the pasta was a little on the thick side.  But on the other side it was a unique idea.The chef worked at Babbo in NYC and he should know what he's doing.  I'll be there in couple of years after I get back from Europe.  =)  French Laundry (Napa) and Le Manoir (UK) here I come!!
2	The call came at 11:30 AM..."We're here at Park Central waiting for you to go to lunch downtown"." I said, lunch is tomorrow not today, but I said, OK, bee there in 10 minutes". Friend says's he heard that Pasta Bar was good so let's try that. I said, yeah, there are 3 restaurants there, a Irish Pub (Turf) a Thai restaurant (Sens) and Pasta Bar. I said "Larry likes Thai"...Phil said, "Phil likes Italian" and that was the fateful decision.I knew I was in trouble when we entered the restaurant and first, there was not a "sense of entry" nor anyone to greet us other than the strong smell of newly painted walls. Bartender said "sit where you like". Two of us had the lunch special (about $12) and friend who suggested Pasta Bar ordered from the menu. His pasta was $15. Lunch special came with a drink. I will say, the pasta was very tasty, the salad had very good thought and fresh locally grown produce. Salad and pasta lunch special was served on the same plate which to  me was unappetizing. Lunch came with a very thin slice of bread. Bread was excellent but no butter. Server/bartender was made aware and out came a the smallest portion of butter I have ever been served and to be shared with all three of us. There was enough to cover half a Triscut wafer! Pasta was fresh, but without any meat. The atmosphere is dark and we were told that it was to be an Italian diner. What added to the dark side was the art work. Andy Warhol images of Jim Jones, Rasputin, Christopher McVey and other icons of evil. The headache lingered on all day after I paid the bill for $52 for lunch. Hope they improve the portions, the service and the look. I would be hard pressed to come back.
5	After reading about PastaBAR on yelp- I had to go see for myself what the heck is going on here!Walked in--- liked the seating situation and the ambiance.  Had the nicest server ever, his name was Nick.  He talked about the menu and answered our questions.  Brought some really great tea and tangy lemonade.  We ordered the fried mozzarella, they make the cheese there-- it was so good.  But not as good as my entree!  I ordered pappardelle and it was possibly the best pasta I have had at a restaurant ever.  It tasted just like my Nonna's homemade pasta, the perfect texture, cooked the real Italian al dente way and I was in heaven.  It was the special and it sure was special.  The portions were good too.  After reading everyone's reviews about portions, I was scared I was going to have to pick a sandwich up afterwards, but no-sir-ee.  I was happily full and planning my next trip!!!
4	Four for dinner on a First Friday - this is the third restaurant in a building with three and the only one not on the street - it shows. Sens and Turf had people spilling out of them - Pasta Bar was half full at best - an inadvertent lucky break - they had only one waitperson - who did a creditable job in my opinion. Insalata caprese, braised greens, desert sweet shrimp, pasta carbonara, ricotta cheese gnocchi and a pasta with fennel sausage. I haven't had such good carbonara since I lived in Queens [NYC].  All well worth the price and the waitperson delivered them timely. However, I remain skeptical about their survival - not enough traffic on what should be a blowout night - and wonder if they'll share the fate of Palette.
4	The service was awesome, the ambiance was pleasant and I loved the calamari, BEST I have ever had.  It is not fried which is a fantastic start and the sauce was simply divine.  I had Bavette al Cedro which is spaghetti, lemon, Italian butter and parmigiano cheese...delicious.  I loved that I could really taste the lemon.  If you are a fan of pasta I highly recommend PastaBAR but don't expect the typical Olive Garden style pastas.  Different can be really good and frankly I think they do it well!
2	Trust me... no one wants this place to do well more than me. However, after 4 visits I have to confess that it is a solid 2-stars. I'm confident in my comments... and maybe a little heartbroken.1. Loved Chef Wade Moises when he was at SASSI in Scottsdale. I'm a fan for god's sake.2. I'm a big pasta-crazed fool. Seriously love it.  3. Love dwntwn Phx.So what could go wrong? Service: No one to greet you properly at the door. The space is awkward enough as it is.  Staff was always inattentive and often seen hanging out at the bar. When asked why cocktails the "signature cocktails" took so long to prepare, the server responds clumsily "Because I had to read and learn how to make them just now." Yikes.Back to the greeting... We waited about 2 minutes in the doorway listening to staff sitting at the bar chat about how they hoped they could close early that night. It was only 4:30 pm.Vibe:The space feels cold and almost clinical. With the lack of fabric in the space, it feels like I'm the ER of a hospital (minus the curtains that surround each patient bed.) The staff certainly doesn't add warmth. Also reminds me of a corporate staff break room. Art on the walls is just bizarre (read other's comments.)The Cocktails:They look good on paper. See my comment above about Service. That's all I can really say. The Food:Each time, the Fritto Misto app ($9) was salty and sad to look at. Orecchiette with Sausage ($15) looks fantastic on paper, but never quite right. In fact, I've tried every pasta dish on the menu. I'm simply heartbroken. I crave handmade fresh pasta, but the pasta here just leaves me guessing... I'm I the odd ball out? Why do all these Yelpers love the pasta? It's wimpy and the proteins almost taste boiled (texture and flavor.) Approx quote from a guest, "gummy handmade pasta that looks like bloated playdoh in water." The sauces seem near amateur as if they were never tasted before serving. Usually on the salty side.Forget about portions, price, space, ambiance, whatever. The important question... DOES IT TASTE GOOD? Sadly, no.At each visit, I brought other notable chefs from the Valley. In one instance, the five of us ordered an entire dinner, ate a few bites of each dish, asked for the bill and decided to head next door to Sens for dinner (which is another review in the making.)I'll wait till sometime in the fall season before heading back to Pasta Bar. Maybe it needs more time (although it's been open for a few months already.) As always, I'd encourage you to try it out and make your own decision. Wade is a talented chef who can do amazing things in the kitchen. I have faith in you my friend!Side note... for those of you who fixate on butter and bread service at restaurants, do us all a favor and stick to your cheap filler salad bars. Bread and butter service is simply never worth commenting on as a crucial component of a meal unless it's stellar.  (BTW... I realize the irony of making commentary on the worthless comments)
2	Pasta bar you are killing me!!!!! Great concept, poor execution. So much potential, the pasta itself is great, perfectly done and cooked but the sauces coming with it are all bad. They usually put way too much salt and the consistency is always wrong. It is such a shame, the pasta it seems wasted with those condiments..... Two star and probably one less costumer.
4	A warning: if your usual eating pattern involves grazing on anything edible for hours on end or you think of a loaf of bread smothered in butter as a "snack" then yes, the portions might appear small. To the rest of us diners with no medical need for stomach stapling, the portions are just fine.My girlfriend and I came here for a date as she was in love with this place since her first visit a little while ago. I had zero expectations, for it other than it will have Pasta and I am still woefully uneducated on the history of the place itself or the chef. But here is what I got out of the experience:THE FOODAppetizer (special of the day, name not remembered): Three slices of bread salted/spiced/garliced with accompanying three stacks of salami pieces in just the right amount to match the bread bite for bite. Bread was good and so was the salami. To my surprise, salami was not very salty or spicy and if I get to steal 20 lbs of it some day, I will, mark my words. Pasta 1. Orecchiette con Salsiccia: As a lifelong, card carrying, member of carnivorous family, I ordered pasta that had some meat in it. The past itself was wonderful, the sauce not overbearing and there was enough meat in there to keep me interested. After the appetizer, this portion alone would've been a good dinner, even though I just came from a workout.Pasta 2. Chitarra alla Carbonara: This was my girlfriend's choice and through use of socialistic techniques, I got a few bites of it myself. The pasta again was good and the sauce makes me drool right now, as I am typing it up. Side 1. Braised Greens: These were ordered more for my girlfriend than me. While I liked their taste overall, they were a bit too spicy for me, but then I am pretty weak when it comes to spicy anythingSide 2. Slow Roasted Lamb: Being carnivorous, I made sure to address my need for meat with a side of... meat. To go with my pasta that already had meat in it. The meat was very soft and tender. It was a bit on the salty side for me, but then again, I regularly forget to salt anything I cook myself, so there's your point of reference. This second side definitely put both of us over our dining capacity and if the meat was not so good, it would not have become part of our carry out boxDesert: Mandarin/Orange and Strawberry Italian ice with cream on top. It was good. I was stuffed already, but I persisted in making sure none of it goes to waste.Total: $62Overall I would give the food somewhere between 4 and 4.5 stars as I would've liked it to be a bit cheaper. At the same time, we had a carry out box with a lunch worth of food, so its our damn fault.Atmosphere:Waiter: very knowledgeable and explained the menu very well. Did not hover around like in your typical chain-restaurant experience. Together with the barmaid, our waters were refilled just in time.Setting: I absolutely love the way the place is setup, with widely spaced tables and a large mirror to provide a more spacious feeling. The lighting is just perfect for a comfortable dining experience and being able to see what you are stealing from the other person's plate. The paintings that people apparently find offensive are there and they are square, they might as well be Rorschach inkblot tests. And in the way they are, seeing how they expose the density of some the visitors.Other diners: The place did not have many people at all at 4 in the afternoon on Sunday and the 4-5 people at the bar next to us were pretty quiet. On the other hand, the two couples (guy/girl and his or her parents) having dinner together would probably be poisoned in a less respectable place. Their jokes weren't funny even from 20 feet away, but hopefully the art offended them enough so that we don't have to suffer their loud snorting again.OVERALL: I'll be back
4	Been twice.  Excellent!  I could do without the bread in plastic wrap, but the rest of the food (including the real bread that they bring later) is great.  Calamari (not fried thank god) was exceptional!
3	Had lunch here a few weeks ago.  My companion had a hard time finding the place; in fact, he would never have found it had I not left the building to go search for him outside!  We liked the ambience; however, I did not particularly care for its narrow aisles.Friend chose the server's favorite, Orecchiette con salsiccia ("circular, dome-shaped pasta w/ homemade sausage, braised escarole and garlic w/ pecorino cheese"), while I had one of the daily specials, Garganelli, which came with ricotta, seven herbs (basil, opal basil, chives, nepitela, sorrel, parsley, and oregano), and breadcrumbs.  My friend DID NOT care for his choice, citing distaste with the escarole's texture (I tried a bite and agreed with his appraisal).  I also didn't care for the homemade sausage... it wasn't very good, actually.  I really liked my garganelli!  Fantastic, fresh pasta texture, though I found it a little dry, however.  If only there was a little more of the cream sauce... I should've asked for more on the side.Before we left, we did check out the restrooms, but only one at a time... he went first, while I waited at the table.  He came back with a report that he found the set-up a little strange, so of course, I had to go check it out myself.  I thought it was a bit fun... Service was helpful and generous (he offered us free wine tasting!), but I found the prices a little steep, esp. with the small quantities given and no accompanying sides.
2	My inner-rube is gonna come out here:$15 for less than a fist-sized portion of pasta is really pushing it. The single baguette slice that came with was insult to injury. I thought pasta was the best food cost to price served ratio you could do in a restaurant. I was chided that the pasta was hand-rolled. Great, that means they touched every piece.I'll gladly drop dollars for good, even decent food, but this place made me feel real stupid.EDIT: After reading more of the reviews, I may be convinced that the ingredients and labor create a specialty product that could legitimize a high price. Final call is that smallish people may walk away satisfied, but average-sized guys won't be. Go for your girlfriend then, not the nourishment.
3	After a couple months of hearing about how great Pasta Bar is, I finally made it down there on a sultry Wednesday night.  Even though it is tucked away in the back of the building it was quite easy to find.   As is sometimes the case with small little up-and-coming joints, the place was extremely well staffed, I hate waiting up front and not being greeted right away, especially at a new place where i am not exactly sure what the deal is.  Finally we were sat, and although the place looks great, I did find my seat to be a bit uncomfortable.Well, once we got settled in, the real joy of PB came to life, the food.  Although we passed on vino, the wine list looked fresh and reasonably priced.  Our appetizer of butternut squash lightly battered and stuffed with cream cheese was unique and amazing - even the greens it was served on had a light, yet tasty vinnegrette which balanced perfectly.Our Pasta was great as well, My wife's gnocchi had a perfectly balanced red sauce with an amazing fennel finish.  My Orecchiete was loaded with fresh sausage and used the one piece of bread to sop up every last bit of sauce.The hand rolled pasta was nice and although I would call PB cheap I left fully satisfied.Our who remained busy throughout did stop to engage us enough to more than redeem the slow start.  Most importantly he seemed genuinely proud of his place and his product.On a side note when you check this place out, see if you can identify any of the six notorious characters that they have paintings of in the dining room, I though it was a nice touch.We will definitely be back.
5	I had dinner with a large group on Tuesday night and was so highly impressed!  I just returned from my honeymoon in Italy a couple of months ago and was impressed by the quality and authenticity of the food here.  The homemade pasta's, gnocci, and sauces were well executed.  The texture of the pasta was as good as any handmade pasta I enjoyed in Italia.  The tomato and Buffalo mozzerella salad was absolutely spectacular.  I don't know where there tomato's come from but they were bursting with juicy flavor, as fresh and ripe as any tomato this native Phoenician has ever enjoyed in the Valley.  The Mozzerella was of the highest quality and the olive oil and fresh herbs were fabulous.  The entire service staff was awesome and we never had to ask for refills etc...There have been a few knocks on the portion sizes, and everyone is entitled to their own feelings on this topic.  For me, I prefer quality over quantity any day and I found the portions to be just right.Give this new joint a chance!  You will not be disappointed!
4	If you are interested in an authentic Italian pasta experience,  PastaBar is the place for you.  On the other hand, if you want heaping portions of over-sauced generic pasta pasta dishes, there are plenty of other 'Italian' joints in the city that will meet your craving...The food was authentic Italian; from the properly cooked (hint Americans take al dente WAY too far) and salted pasta, to the locally source ingredients, to the serving potions.  In addition, there were a few other authentic touches that brought back found memories of osteria's throughout Italy, such as serving cokes and water in glass bottles and the bread sticks in a package.Overall, the service is friendly and efficient, although their attention to detail has been so-so the times I have been.  Also, given the unique niche that this place is trying to fill, a bit more initiative from the wait staff could go a long way you make newcomers feel welcome.As well, I found the vibe of the place a tad off -- I dig all the design elements (especially the paintings!) and what they are trying to achieve, but when they are pulled together, something feels lacking.  (perhaps it is the building itself, as I feel the same way about Turf and Sens)
4	I can see why the two most common ratings for PastaBAR are 2 stars or 5 stars. It's very hit-or-miss...some dishes are spectacular and others are just mediocre. We started out with the fritto misto, some fried cheese and a variety of lightly fried vegetables. If only they were as lightly seasoned as they were fried, this would have been a great appetizer, but they were pretty over-salted. When the person brought it out, we asked if it came with any dipping sauce, to which she replied simply, "No." I guess that answered the question, but it would have been nice if she said, "Not normally, but would you like some?" Of our two pastas, one was okay and one was a knockout. The fetuccini dish with pesto, raisins, pine nuts, etc. was pretty bland. On the other hand, the orecchiette dish with sausage and greens was bursting with flavor. One thing I'll say about both dishes is that the pasta itself was perfectly cooked and tasted as homemade and wonderful as you'd expect at a place called PastaBAR...Wade Moises certainly has the Italian cuisine credentials and knows his pasta. And as for those who say the portions are too small, I say your stomachs are too big. It's one thing to note that the dishes are one the high end of the price spectrum, which they are, especially for lunch, but the portions are perfectly satisfactory. This is no Olive Garden - no endless pasta bowls here. We were both busting after our one appetizer and two pastas, and my one pasta alone could have filled me up. Of course, even though we were busting, we decided to try the light, refreshing peach/orange granita for dessert. Our server kindly brought out the cappuccino one, too, explaining, "I brought the cappuccino granita, as well, because I think it's really the star of our granitas." Man, was she right! While the peach/orange granita was refreshing, it was a little too tart and lacked the depth and richness of flavor that the cappuccino one had. So you can see that some dishes hover in mediocrity while others rise to perfection. Order carefully, as it will make or break your meal. I'd give the food 3.5 stars, taking into account both the mediocre and excellent dishes, but PastaBAR gets a 4 overall taking into account the friendly service and casually hip space.
3	I read quite a few reviews on Yelp prior to checking this place out with a group of 10 or so.  We arrived and the table wasn't ready just yet - we ordered a variety of cocktails, menu driven cocktails, beer and wine. I had an 8th Street Ale - always a good choice.  I had to ask for a cold glass to put it in and when I was served the 2nd one, they didn't include it. I had to ask again.The food:  Pretty good, actually. However, its totally overpriced and the portions are pretty small. So it makes the hurt on the wallet that much more severe.  Our waitress was cool, she put up with a lot of conversations in our group, sometimes being loud and not paying attention.I would go back again, but most likely for lunch. Hopefully you would get the same size meal for a few bucks less.  By the way, I had the pasta with rib eye in it (I forget the name) and my wife had the Carbonara.  They were both good!
4	For some reason the name 'PastaBar' makes me think of a food court at a mall.  But don't let the name deter you from trying this place.  Lots of comments about portion size here on yelp:  IF you rate Italian cuisine based on poundage then probably steer clear of pastabar, and head to Buca de Beppo.  If you rate Italian food based on flavor, then DO come here, and know that you won't have to leave with the top button of your pants undone.No, it's not cheap, but it's not that expensive, either...I tried some interesting and delicious specials that I would never attempt to cook at home.  Maybe it's about the menu selection.  If I ordered spaghetti and marinara sauce for 15 bucks, yah, I guess I know it costs about 5.00 to make enough for a family of four.  So order something unique and authentic?  We had great service, a knowledgeable and friendly waiter who also suggested 2 wines that paired well with the meal.
3	My friend and I wound up here after walking around downtown Phoenix. She said it was relatively new so we tried it out. The atmosphere was nice and the service we got was great! They were very attentive (this could have also been because they were slow).As for the food, my friend ended up getting a specially made vegetarian pasta. I was pleased that they made sure they could accommodate her. I got the Gnocchi alla Lupa. The flavors were awesome, but I have to agree with other reviews in saying that the portions were way overpriced. The prices for alcohol weren't as hugely marked up however, which was a plus to see.All in all, this should be considered a date spot for sure. It's intimate, you won't gorge yourself with too much food (unless you want a huge tab) and it's definitely got the downtown Phoenix style about it.
3	I don't quite get PastaBAR.This place is 1000% right in my wheelhouse. Passionate about one thing. Focus on getting that completely right. Focus on quality ingredients. I'd heard positive recommendations by many friends and colleagues I respect. I was expecting to love it. How could I not?I don't know. Maybe my expectations were way out of whack. They had been knocked down a bit that same night by 3 or 4 friends that had been there.  I was in the area and itching to go even though I'd heard multiple comments that it was kind of meh.Well, we ended up going later in the night.First of all, I get the space. It's cool. Has character. No problems there.  Service was great as well. No issues at all.No problem with the pricing or portions. In fact I thought it was quite reasonable.I first tried the buffalo mozzarella, basil pesto, heirloom tomatoes. It was nice. I dug it. Would have happily eaten more. No fireworks though. And maybe I'm unfair for expecting them.Then I tried the two entrees I most wanted. Both had gotten rave reviews in a recent article.  I ordered the chitarra alla carbonara (guanciale/bacon, farm egg, local onion, pecorino) and I tried the orecchiette con salsiccia (home-made sausage, greens, pecorino).Now over the past couple of years I've really developed an appreciation for people doing simple or standard things really, really well. That was what I was expecting here. The food was definitely good but with all the pub that it's gotten, it definitely didn't knock me off my chair.  And the thing is that I've recently been repeatedly knocked off my chair by other spots doing standard, simple homemade pastas with killer, killer ingredients. Have been hit totally out of left field and couldn't believe how amazing a pappardelle with homemade sausage was. Or a linguine with clams.I'm guessing that maybe my expectations were out of whack but I left appreciating the meal but saddened that I felt no hurry to rush back.
1	I really wanted to love this because I am a downtown resident who loves to eat out, but I'm sad to say I won't go here again for dining.  I left feeling that I had just spent $15 on a small bowl of spaghetti-o's, and the packaged, stale breadsticks also left a lot to be desired.I hope the powers-that-be at PastaBAR will note the negative reviews and re-work the menu, because the location and decor are amazing!
3	Was at Pasta Bar last night with a friend for the first time.  The service was very good, as we were immediately seated.  The decor is pleasant and modern.  Overall, my impression is that Pasta Bar was tasty but not cheap. It would be hard to get out of there for less than $20 per person. We had one glass of wine, one "Mexican coke" (I had to ask what it was - it's the old school sugar-cane flavored coke we used to get here in the 70s), and two pasta entrees at $15 each, and the total was $47. No dessert and no appetizer, although they give you these small tasteless bread sticks in a package gratis to snack on while waiting.  The food came out quickly, although they weren't the busiest on a Thursday night.  I had shell pasta that started with an "O" (can't remember the name now, but second from the bottom of the entrees menu) and sausage, and my dining companion had the gnocchi.  Both were tasty, and although I'm generally not a fan of gnocchi, it was really very good here.  In terms of getting into the restaurant from the parking area in the back, could they make it any harder to find? I found it weird that you had to basically walk through an ASU parking lot to get to the side entrance, and then from there into the restaurant itself. Overall, I'd give it 3+ out of 5 stars, but the prices would deter me from going back for some time.
3	My PastaBAR experience was pretty much on par with current Yelp 3-star rating...once again Yelp is spot on I thought service was great.  But the atmosphere was just felt awkward. The combo of extra loud music with odd selection of the occasional heavy metal pieces and the tiny table with extra large app plates just didn't quite do it for me.Food wise, it was OK.  Bavette Cacio e Pepe was my favorite dish and came closest to what I expect from  handmade pasta with great fresh ingredients.  Fettuccini e Finocchio fell short of mark, the pasta felt too thick and lack a certain chewiness.  Beef meatball didn't have the comfort flavors that I was expecting, the flavor reminded me of bbq sauce with star anise thrown it.   Slow Roasted Lamb was the most disappointing thing to hit the table.  It was like bland pulled pork.The late night closing time makes this a tempting spot for downtown Phoenix, but not sure that I would go back anytime soon.
1	BORING, FLAVORLESS, OVERPRICED CRAP; exposed-filament bulbs, paper napkins, sans s/p shakers. Kale- and collard-earthy and squishy garnishes little better than pig fodder.--sealed brown concrete, minimalist 5x7 postage-stamp art in monochromatic, rhythmically-spaced repetition--exposed-filament bulbs throughout give that yellowish glow evocative of kidnap cinema;--gangsta buser keeps glaring at us, slamming our glasses down after refilling them; oh, maybe we won't get out of here alive!--going to charge me $17 for pasta? buy some GODDAM cloth napkins!--"table bread" is a plastic package of stale, pencil-thick breadsticks. what would you think if someone brought you two packs of saltines? Yeah, that's what I mean!--ambient music an unpleasant mix of rural-southern Creole woo-woo ritual chant, washboard-and-spoon percussion and harmonica (I think they recruited that woman from the GTA3 shanty town);--outside, the manager is explaining to the police amidst an army of tow trucks that these cars really are valet-professionally parked, not by their owners.--heirloom tomato side dish was the one delicious thing. At $3, the best value on the menu (+1 star)...--unfortunately the spices were so old there was no flavor left in them.--no s/p shakers; on request we received two contact-lens cups of s/p for pinching, chef style (i.e. no spoons).On our way out, some employee was being disciplined on the back steps, presumably about to quit.I've never been so glad to quit a place as this.
5	I've been a few more times since my initial review, and they seem to have he service kinks worked out.  In addition, the vibe seems to be 'working' much better.  I've upgraded my review to reflect this.  PastaBAR is now my favorite downtown restaurant!
2	Heard many good things about this place and went last night for the first time for a dinner I organized with 6 friends.  It will probably be my last time there.  The interior is oddly laid out and somewhat cold, and we were seated at a table between the front door and the bathroom, about 5 feet from each.  Our waiter took our dinner order without writing any of it down.  He immediately repeated the order back to us, getting it wrong.  Then he reappeared 10 minutes later to confirm our orders once again.  Dude, write them down already!  The portions were tasty but very small for the price, and it would have been nice to have more than one tiny piece of dry bread.  Perhaps, even the option of butter?  But the service was my greatest complaint.  Even though the restaurant was only half full, people were wandering around like zombies looking for their waiters who had disappeared completely.  Our waiter kept interrupting our table's single conversation without making any effort to be graceful about it....yes, there is a right way to do it without seeming obtrusive.  And the men's room desperately needed some cleaning and attention.   Wanted to like PastaBAR very much, but probably won't waste any more time on it.
5	Wonderfully al dente pasta with authentic Italian sauces. A very European feel all around, including the unisex bathroom.
2	we went to celebrate one of our friend's birthday at this location because 1) it got great reviews 2) we all loved pasta.the atmosphere was artsy with maybe east coast flair to it.it was narrower, like shot-gun style flat but clean and simply done.we had some mozzarella and tomato as appetizers.good tomatoes!.. mozzarella had fresh pesto sauce on top which was good, the cheese itself was soft but seemed like it was kosher salt flakes on top of it. it added a nice texture but it made it too salty for my taste buds.for in betweens, we had some meat balls which was pretty good, something lamb which was very tender like pulled pork, and sauteed calamari without breading which wasn't bad if you like lighter flavored marinara sauce.for dinner I had this pasta with 12 ingredients from Neapolitan streetwalkers pantry.... yeah, it was the description that got me intrigued. it had some interesting items on there like this olive looking thing with okra liked inside (without the slimes) but flavored like capers.I think that's the most interesting thing about the dish.I picked on my food... which generally mean to me that I didn't care extremely about it ( I could eat a cow and a half it was done right to give you some idea).what else was interesting about this place is that we had asked for some bread and butter with our meal, you know, Italian place.. gotta have some around? I was surprised to hear that they charge for it.. what?? are you kidding me?I mean the whole meal with 3 apps, 3 sides, 6 entrees, and some cocktails cost as much as really good upscale Italian restaurant in N Scottsdale for party of  7!over all, if you want some ok food with little twist and  expensive ingredients and pasta shapes that you can't at your local market, and over spend the money you have abundance of, than this is for you!if you want to have the meal that keeps nagging at you at the back of your head, than I say look else where for this is not the place for you.
2	I'm jumping on board the "I WANTED to like PastaBAR" boat. I've been here 3 times. The first time was good, but pricey. I had whatever was on special that one night only, and it was good. Me & my BF also had the fried buffalo mozzarella with sauce and that....that was delicious. The second time I went simple: Pasta with butter and pepper. I don't know how hard that is to mess up, but they managed to do so. I guess if you like to eat pepper straight from the shaker (or grinder, whichever you prefer) you might also like their rendition of pepper & butter noddles. But GEEEEEEEEZ, the pepper was so overwhelming, I couldn't finish and handed it off to my boyfriend, who loves spicy stuff, and even he said it was a bit too much. So against my better judgement, I tried it again. I ventured away from the pepper and went towards the lemon & butter pasta combo. All the while I'm thinking there is NO WAY they can mess up lemon, butter, and pasta. Oh, but they created another overwhelming masterpiece! I guess if you enjoy covering you pasta with lemon Pledge, you might enjoy this dish. It was like eating a lemon head. All I could taste was sour lemon with a hint of pasta. The mozzarella ball is delicious though. Expect to spend about $60 on 2 pasta dishes, an appetizer, and 2 glasses of wine. It's a bit redic.
4	ok - i'm just gonna say it: just because it's pasta doesn't mean it has to cater to a ramen noodle budget.  i'm willing to pay a little more when i genuinely enjoy what i'm eating.these guys have really thought about what's going into your food.  if it isn't grown (or butchered) within az, it's most likely been imported from italy.  and if you're paying attention you can taste the difference - i even got excited about the olive oil.  it looks like a trendy fusion spot, but tastes more like a quiet little place where grandma's rolling out linguine in the kitchen.now - i admit that i've had exactly one meal there, which doesn't make a sound basis for judgment.  but the dish that i had (orecchiette alla puttanesca) was a wonderful medley of veggies and herbs.  i was particularly in love with the caper berries, which taste like capers but have an entirely different consistency and burst with soft, tasty little seeds when you bite down on them (like a caper mated with a cherry tomato).  it goes wonderfully with a side of pork shoulder, which required no knife and had us fighting over the last bite.  i liked the limoncello cheesecake without absolutely loving it, but it was good enough that i'd try something else from their dessert menu next time.if future visits convince me that this quality is consistent, a fifth star will be forthcoming.
2	First, it was a cute little restaurant and our waiter was very helpful with suggestions.  I love that they use fresh ingredients from Arizona.However, I did not like the food.  We started with the cheese platter.  It wasn't great.  One of the cheeses was creamy, but the other 2 or 3 I didn't like.  I especially didn't like the Parmesan--it was so dry and did not have a good taste to it.  For dinner I ordered the Tagliatta.  It was okay, but again-not great.  I liked my dates fresh sausage a bit more.  But again, not enough to ever want to come back.Also, I absolutely hated my drink.  The waiter recommended the Camparita.  It looked good, but it tasted so bad.  My date thought it had too much grapefruit juice and was very bitter.  I thought it tasted more like tequila.  Either way, it was so bad that it sat full on my table the entire time.Which brings me to say--I wish more waiters would notice that you aren't drinking your drink.  I always feel bad sending something back, especially since he recommended it.  I do appreciate when I'm somewhere and the waiter goes out of their way to try to find me something else I might like.  It's just the little things like that which I appreciate.
3	My husband and I decided to finally check out PastaBar on Saturday night. We wanted to love this place, but in the end left feeling very underwhelmed by the food. The space is really cool with just enough art and pictures on the wall to give it character, but not too much where it's really busy. At 8 pm on a Saturday night half the bar was full and almost all of the tables inside were occupied. Service was incredibly friendly and attentive, so definitely no complaints there. Also pricing is quite reasonable, so it's not a place that is going to break the bank. We had an appetizer, two entrees, dessert, 2 glasses of wine, and a beer, and our bill came to $68 pre-tip.Now on to the food...we started with the fried buffalo mozzarella. How could a fried ball of fresh mozzarella go bad you are asking?? It was cold! Cold! I like cold mozzarella, don't get me wrong, but when you tell me something is going to be fried, I am expecting gooey hot mozzarella. Needless to say, we were bummed. For entrees, my husband had the Fettuccini Tagliatta and I had the Fettuccini e Finocchio. I liked my dish more than my husband liked his, but neither were home runs in our book. I love pesto and could eat it by the spoonful, but there was something about the pesto on my pasta that just wasn't quite doing it 100% for me. I will say though that the pasta was fresh fresh and cooked well. For dessert we had the dark chocolate with almonds - typically I don't eat dessert and I definitely don't eat chocolate very often, but for some reason it sounded really good on Saturday night. It was a simple dessert and was just enough food to satisfy a sweet craving without leaving you stuffed or feeling gross for indulging in dessert.None of the food we ate was horrible but it just didn't blow us away and leave us wanting to go back in the near future.
4	I have been here a couple of times now and the place is growing on me, but not falling in love with the place.  Both times have been after 10pm so I chose from the $10 pasta list which comes with a side.  Very well worth it and don't know if I'd pay full price for during normal hours.  Not that the food isn't amazing in my book, just think that paying over $20 for pasta isn't something I'd do on a normal basis.Service has been great each time with the servers being very attentive and knowledgeable at the same time.  They seem to really know their wines and food very well.  I think my only "real" complaint about this place is the ambiance.  It just feels very blah and bland in the restaurant.  I know the lights are dim to relax your mood, but the artwork just looks as if they just moved into the place in the past week and are still deciding where to put them.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't think all things were thought out before and after opening up the place.This place still has great pasta so don't get wrong whatsoever.  Great addition to downtown Phoenix for a great place to choose late night dining until 12am on weekdays and 2am on the weekend.  I'll be back and would recommend anyone here who likes great housmade pasta with fresh and local ingredients.
2	Hmmm.PastaBAR struck me as oddly pretentious, filling its wine list with choices unrecognizable to the average person and batting about completely foreign Italian phrases on the menu. I'm not a total wine moron, yet I needed the server to translate for me. The safe-bet Syrah and Cabs were something ridiculous like $18 a glass. Huh? Luckily, the red I went with was perfectly tasty. Vegetarians? You are shit out of luck here. I'm not even certain what a vegan would do. The only really vegetarian items on the menu were two noodles and butter dishes, which sounds as interesting as baby food. The twelve-ingredient streetwalker's pantry dish has anchovies in it, but since its description didn't put me to sleep, I gave it a shot, dead fish and all. The mix of textures with the pasta, sauce, and toasted bread crumbs was good, but the overall flavor simply didn't wow me. And, perhaps I am mistaken, but there were little sweet bits of mystery substance in there also... raisins? That's just Trying Too Hard. My SO got the butter and pepper noodles, which did indeed taste like an entire container of black pepper was dumped in the sauce. Spicy, but really one-dimensional.  He liked it very much, but he tends to choose pure heat over complexity in flavors.The restaurant itself is cute but nothing extraordinary. The server was helpful, but slightly on the used-car-salesman side. Bread and butter, like someone else mentioned, does cost extra. WTF is that? The bread was good, but nothing special. Somehow, I kind of resent the idea of pasta dishes without pricey shrimp or fancy meats being expensive. It's frigging PASTA. I don't care if you make it in house. I just feel ripped off.
3	Went here for lunch on a weekday and thought it'd be busier. The slower setting allowed for more personal attention though. The chef even came out to talk to us and gave us free samples of some of the desserts. The food was good, but didn't blow me away. I think it's a nice option for a snazzier (it's a little pricey) lunch with friends.
4	Love this place. The Olive Garden set aren't going to find anything on the menu, but everyone else should enjoy.The concept is a little different, as you order a pasta dish as an entree, and meats and other proteins are sides to share. All of the pastas and sauces are made on site, with plenty of fresh, local ingredients. One big reason to love this place is the late hours. I'll go back at any time of the day or night.
4	Hmmmm, interesting. Such a wide variety of reviews here on Yelp! Honestly, I hadn't looked at the reviews for a while when we finally decided to try out this place. I had been avoiding it, mainly b/c seeing $15 for entrees then $8 for sides was nothing that I wanted jump into right away. Regardless, on our way to Actors Theater we figured that we'd do a nice dinner. If you're looking for the standard run-of-the-mill class fare, stay away. In fact you're better off going to pizza hut across the street. If you want to push the edge of your comfort zone, you've found the right spot. Case in point, I went with the evening's special, which was not pasta, but rather long green beans doing their best impression of pasta - creative? Risky? Wacky? Yes, yes, yes! Delicious- absolutely. Especially the prosciutto based sauce.  The wife had the Orrechiette con salsiccia - very flavorful and fun. (in fact, picking at it this am it was even tastier). I also recommend the plate of fresh vegetables for an app. It seems to rotate, but last night's was solid - kale, butternut squash and fingerling potatoes all rocked. The downside was my meal was a little saltier than I'd prefer and the red sauce for the side of meatballs was a tinge "bar-b-que"-esque. Not bad, just not expected. The meatballs themselves were solid. Yes, the wine list is Italian focused, so buck up and take a risk away from your suburban merlot (see Paul giammatti in sideways in fact) and live a little! In fact, I see similarities with the list from Cibo and no one is complaining about their's. Go, have fun, take a risk!
2	Stumbled upon this place while running around 1st Friday in downtown Phoenix.....The positive first before the negatives, cool ambiance, that is why it is getting 2 stars.  Now the negative.....paid 15$ for some of the worst gnocchi I have ever had, incredibly mushy with no texture or substance at all....portions were tiny they do not offer you bread?  An Italian restaurant that will not give you bread....we asked our snooty waitress if we could have some bread before our meal and she said they do not have bread to give us....10 minutes later our meals come out and low and behold guess what is in the pasta bowl.....bread!, lol. Maybe I caught this place on a bad night but to me it is once again another restaurant here in the valley that puts on a good show and trendy atmosphere but does not have any substance behind it.
4	One word: Yum. My co-workers and I took a breather from a crazy day at work and decided to enjoy a relaxing lunch at PastaBAR. All three of us got different pastas, and we each tasted each other's dishes ... all three were spectacular. I can't wait to go back again!I enjoyed the Gnocchi alla Lupa...sweet and spicy fennel sausage ragu ... The gnocchi was incredibly fluffy and airy - unlike any gnocchi I've had before. My co-workers had Orecchiette con Salsiccia... home-made sausage, greens, Pecorino ... (very good) and Chitarra alla Amatriciana...guanciale, onion, parsley, hot pepper, tomato ... (extra yum! I will likely get this for myself on my next visit). The place was rather empty for lunch today, which I hope is an anomaly. It's a little on the pricey side for lunch, but worth the splurge when you're in the mood for something warm and delicious with a homey touch.
4	Lured down the slightly  hidden path next to a typical Irish dining place by the promise posed by a photo rendering the logo of Cinzano, I was certain that I would be able to have a romantic meal with origins from the mama-mia land.  I was not disappointed by anything but the missing actual bottle of Cinzano!  The service is quite personal and yet uncumbersome.  The space is plainly lit and is no bigger than a small chapel on Capri, yet it is intimate and warm.  What I loved most is that the rumour being spread by a bartender over at Amsterdams about the freshness of the food, turned out to be true and a welcome aroma to hungry souls.The gnocci, the carbonara, the soup.  You cannot make an error ordering from their carefully chosen menu items.  But you might be amazed that freshness tastes much different than what you have become used to at the many chain Italian restaurants you somehow keep patronizing.Chow 4 anytime.  Ciao for now.
4	It may have been all the beer and the late night but the food here was oh so what I needed.   After an evening of bar hopping I hopped into a bar close to home (Turf)  around midnight, ordered a beer and wanting some food.   Come to find out a few sips into my beer that the kitchen was closed but was told that Pasta Bar served until 2 am.  Ohhhh niiiiiceeee!  A slightly tipsy me wandered over to Pasta Bar to order something quickly to-go, go back and finish my beer while my order was being prepared and return to pick up my order.   [My plan was executed with precision even in my inebriated state.] I entered the Pasta Bar and was amazed to find that the full menu was available but that they also had a reverse happy hour menu for $10.  I chose the pasta with pesto and a meat ball.  The pesto was very flavorful perfectly prepared and balanced with no ingredient overpowering another, tosses with fresh sweet cherub cherry tomatoes.  The meatball while good, had a flavor reminding me of a peppered beef stick/jerkey.  I will try the sausage next time.  All in all I recommend stopping in, especially when they are one of very few in the area serving food until 2am.   Next time I will try it at a more "reasonable" hour and order off the regular menu.  I honestly look forward to going again soon.
5	While I've read more than a few negative reviews of this place, I can't find fault with it.  I've dined here a number of times now, and tried most of the pastas and at least half the sides.  The wine list is interesting and reasonably-priced.  The bar is small but well-stocked, and they're making some really inventive cocktails.  The service I've received was prompt, courteous, and very friendly; no sales pitches, just helpful answers.  The pasta is GREAT, handmade, delicious, and well-executed!!  The flavors marry well, the textures add depth (especially in the Puttanesca, with pinenuts and sultanas), and the portions were perfect.  I'm in the industry, as we say, and I'm a BIG eater.  I can only say that if you're displeased with PastaBar's portions or prices, you must eat a lot of ramen noodles at home.  Like by the case.  'Cuz you sure didn't get handmade, passionately-thought-out fare like this at a better price here in the Valley.  The food's excellent, the service is excellent, and they serve late enough for me to go after work.  I LOVE PastaBAr!!
3	Went there with a big group for the late night specials.  It could have been the alcohol-induced carb cravings... but the pasta was really delicious.  The martinis were potent to say the least, but hey, better that then watered down.  The waiter was really nice and our food came out quickly.  All in all it was a really great experience.
2	PRELUDE: i visited this restaurant with my friend who is 100% italian plus cooks like a pro, and her boyfriend. although i consider myself a good judge of italian food, i'm not actually italian, so i figure regardless of what i think i can fully trust her critiques on italian cuisine. and if all 3 of us have the same opinions...then we must be onto something.i'm going to be generous and give pastaBAR 2 stars...strictly for the cozy ambiance, the cool art on the walls, and the nice waitress, who got her 20% tip only because she was decent. if we were rating food alone i would give it 1 star.first off, there were no seasonings on the table - no salt & pepper, no crushed red pepper, no olive oil...and instead of bread which i adore, they give you individually packaged packets of hard, crunchy, thin italian breadsticks (not satisfying, but at least they were a legitimate product of italy) and nothing to dip them in to help out the flavor. (plus $2 for a small side of fresh parmesan cheese - really?!)APPETIZER: the 'fried buffalo mozzarella and marinara crudo' appetizer we got took a while, but was pretty good - though it was a bit soggier than we would have liked. the menu failed to mention the marinara sauce was actually a marinara cream sauce (which is weird because the word 'crudo' means raw so you'd think it was straight marinara) but it's okay, i like creamy sauces, so i was happy with it. maybe the description should be more specific though because its slightly misleading.ENTREES: we asked the waitress for suggestions, and she raved about the 'orecchiette alla puttanesca' as being her go-to favorite which is described as "12 ingredients  from the neapolitan streetwalker's pantry" (which my friend ordered) and the 'fettuccini tagliatta' which she said was the most popular dish is described as "charred rib-eye, arugula, cherry tomatoes, roasted garlic, parmigiano" (which the remaining 2 of us ordered).the orecchiette, which came with a variety of appealing ingredients including anchovies, breadcrumbs, raisins, pine nuts, etc, sounded like it would be an automatic win with so many flavors. my entire table agreed that it was absolutely FLAVORLESS and boring! a huge disappointment based on the description. when my friend ordered and asked the waitress if it came with cheese, she said no, because traditionally italians did not combine fish and cheese in their meals - but when we got it, there was parmesan cheese ontop. hmmmm. might want to study up on that. also, the olives came UNPITTED and the capers came with STEMS still attached, so with every bite, you had to be very careful that you werent going to either crack a tooth on a pit or choke on a stem. not very fun to eat if you have to be careful while you're eating - you want to inhale it, not walk on eggshells WHILE youre eating.the whole table agreed that the tagliatta (ribeye pasta) was also a disappointment, mostly because of the steak. while the menu/waitress described a deliciously seared rib eye tossed around in a creamy sauce with pasta, the steak reminded me more of meat that comes in a beef stew. it was gray in color, not seared, flavorless, gritty, and it was trimmed very poorly - every single bite of steak on both of our plates had tough grissle that couldnt be broken down on it and had to be spit out. the cream sauce was anything BUT - it looked and tasted more like the starchy water that is left behind after draining pasta. again, i say, flavorless. the tomatoes tasted good but i wondered if they were really canned. i was afraid the arugula might be too soggy, but it actually had a nice texture, though ive never heard of putting arugula in pasta before. on a side note, NONE of the meals on this menu included chicken - is that strange? we thought so.we all agreed that saving our leftovers was pointless - while we were full, we didnt exactly want to waste any more room and calories on a meal we didnt LOVE so we decided to skip out on dessert for fear of what that experience might hold and we decided to walk to the hyatt compass room for some quality dessert that would definitely be worth the money.PRICING: for the portions and quality of the fare, the prices seemed to be a too high. i'll put it to you this way - we did the math - we could have eaten at the top of the hyatt in the renowned compass room (with the 360 degree revolving tower that overlooks phoenix and an even nicer ambiance) for only about $15 more per person and had an AMAZING steak or seafood dinner. that's what we should have done, but the dessert at the hyatt made up for our lousy pastaBAR dinner.all 3 of us decided we wouldnt be going back there again - at least not anytime in the near AND far future.
4	I like this little pasta bar.  Good food, chill atmosphere, and great service.  This place doesn't knock my socks off, but I enjoy it.  Great spot for a date, or casual dinner.
5	I'll second Abu J's critique on this diamond in the rough!  YUMMY! After reading his review I had to rush off and try this place out. It is the real deal... inexpensive, tasty, open late, wow. They have just released their first ad so you had better get in before everyone finds out and it becomes too popular.  I Can't wait to get back and try more of their dishes. ;)SeanJust noticed that I had not posted this review properly and so there it sat in my outbox. Oop's...Well, I have since dined at the Pasta Bar 6 or 7 more times to only be more and more satisfied with their product. Still 5 stars!Sean
2	Worst Pasta I have ever eaten. I'm not even kidding. We ordered the Fried Buffalo Mozzarella, Pork Shoulder & Calamari to start .. all of it aside from the Pork was blah and unimpressive, the Pork was tasty, but the flavor was REALLY strong and I couldn't eat much of it before wanting to vomit.For our entrees we got the Orecchiette alla Puttanesca($15)... which apparently has 12 random ingredients from some streetwalkers pantry and last time I checked, a streetwalker is a hooker, so, I mean, if you're cool with eating shit from a hookers pantry, order this, its not good. We also got the Fettuccini Tagliatta($19)... rib-eye was a little tough, noodles tasted funky and me and my palate were overall just very disinterested in eating more than 2 bites. Also, id like to add that both entrees were not hot, like they had been sitting there for a while. This irritates me to no end.Not only was the meal sub-par, but its was freakin' expensive! Honestly id rather bust open a package of Safeway brand angel hair and Prego from a can - it tastes better anyway.Sorry PastaBar, never again.
4	Good quality food,,, everything is organic.... the menu is a bit complicated but the atmosphere is nice
5	Walked in about 7:45 on First Friday and were seated right away.  We managed to squeak right in between the post work crowd and the later diners, but the place was 90% full.Service was fast and friendly, the waiter took his time making sure we understood the menu and explaining everything to us.I had the Bavette al Cedro and my friend tried the Gnocchi alla Lupa, and we shared the lamb side.  Honestly, the pasta alone was good enough that I could have passed on the side, but I'm so glad I didn't.  Not sure how they prepare the lamb beyond the slow roasting, but it was tender and very moist.  I think I detected among the garlic and sea salt a nice touch of saffron.My pasta was cooked just right, at first bite I was taken aback by how lemony it was, but quickly realized that the flavors were just perfect.  They balanced out in all the areas of taste.  I tried my friends gnocchi as well, and it was also just right. The serving sizes were just perfect, not overwhelming, but not skimpy either. I walked away glad I didn't eat more and able to pass on dessert.We each had a Four Peaks, I had the 8th Street and he the Kiltlifter, and my only complaint there was that they were bottled and not draft. The whole meal was surprisingly quick, and the service was spot on.  I would love to go back and try a few more items off of their menu.
5	Finally got the chance to check out PastaBAR last night and man am I glad I did. I decided to get takeout. I started with this crostini dish that had farm fresh eggs, braised greens, anchovie and pecorino that was TOTALLY AWESOME!!  For my meal, I decided on the Chitarra alla Carbonara. The pasta was cooked to perfection, but the guanciale was somewhat done an injustice. It wasn't as crispy as it should have been so it could have been anything, but my plate was still awesome. If your looking for a nice place to get a great plate of pasta, this is for you!  *** They are having a huge pig roast with with $20 bottles of wine and some other stuff on 4th of July weekend, if your interested***
5	A pasta place for meat lovers and truly a fantastic dining experience.  The food was original and perfectly executed, nice environment (not too big, not too small) and great service.  Cant wait to go back.
3	Really like this restaurant. I've only been once, so I can't tell if its because I loved the feel of it or for the food. The pasta was homemade and I remember it feeling a little heavy and chewey, but overall a nice date night spot. Great service.
1	This place is a joke. They are completely inept to handle any group larger than 4 people.   Unable to accommodate our  large group, they offered the option of family style.  Sounds like a good idea right?  Wrong. They brought out what I assume to be their regular sized portions for everyone to share.  Family style implies that it feeds more than one person.  They don't need to be Bucca (Disgusting BTW) sized, but geesh.  On top of all that they don't even serve fountain drinks.  The only serve "natural" products.  Get over yourself. I'd rather go buy a frozen Stoffer's and bake it and serve 2 liters than ever go to this disaster of a place again.
3	I would have given the Pasta Bar 4 stars but for reasons I will explain I will only give it 3.  The food was wonderful the pasta was cooked perfectly, with great texture and amazing flavors, the vegetables where fresh and the meat was very tender.  The service was above average was well.  The reason for the 3 stars was the pricing of the food.   For what we received the price is heavily inflated.  If the prices where better I am sure it would become a regular place for my husband and I.  But we will be going back for the wonderful food and service just not as often as I would like.
5	Delicious food, amazing martini's, and wonderful desserts. Every dish I have eaten here has been nothing short of awesome. First, to start they have house infused seasonal vodkas. You can see the vodkas steeping on the bar when you walk in. Appetizers are not overly filling - The frito misto is always seasonal so depending on the time of year you will get different things. The coating is perfect and light so you can really taste the vegetables but still get the crunch. The same is true with the mozzarella. The cheese was fresh and the crunchy crust of fried coating around it was perfect. As far as entrees go, the portions are perfectly sized and flavorful. The pasta is perfectly cooked and coated with whatever you choose on the menu. I love the simplicity of some and the complexity of others. Finally, desert has always been good. Try the limoncello cheesecake or any flavor of gelato and you certainly won't be disappointed.
4	Here now.  Seventh time. Food and service consistently good.  Great Break from gallons of sauce and cheese. Cocktails are stronger than you think.  Out.
4	PastaBar is perfect for foodies out there such as myself. The parking can be an issue as it usually is when you are in downtown Phoenix which can probably be the only bad thing they have going for them. Pasta made fresh in house daily makes a world of a difference when it comes to great Italian food. The menu is small but covers a variety of flavors whilst including many local ingredients. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the food and gave honest recommendations. Even though we ate during the week closer to their closing time there was no rush to our whole experience and we were able to really taste each item and fully enjoy the meal. I suppose one other downside was that each table is set with prepackaged grissini breadsticks which could be really tasty if they were able to be made fresh just like their signature pasta. Food should not only be a necessity but treated as an adventure of the palate to tickle your tastebuds and create a lust to discover new and exciting flavors. We found some of those flavors here and will definitely be back to discover more of the menu.
5	Our food was amazing. One of the best meals I've ever had.  And our server Cisco was acceptional.  He was very knowledgable and attentive. He actually picked my meal for me and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I was also delighted to see Mexican Cokes on the menu as I can not resist these.
3	Stopped in the other night after hearing that they now have a small Gelateria. The hostess was also the one who served up the gelato. They had about 8 different flavors. I decided on a small scoop of chocolate but asked to have a smig each of the cinnamon and espresso gelato on top as well. She obliged. They were all quality in their taste. The texture itself was rather icy for gelato...like it had been frozen and thawed and re frozen . Maybe they just need to work on their freezers. At $3 for small and $5 for large I can say it was a nice treat on a warm night.
5	It's said that sometimes the best things in life are found when you're not looking for them, that is certainly true in the case of PastaBAR for me. Late Saturday night after a few too many @ the Rose and Crown my brother and i attempted the brave the wait across the street for some pizzeria bianco, when we saw the closed sign we assumed this to be to our misfortune, little did we know what the universe had lying in wait for us. We rode back to his apt, in silence, famished and brooding we had no idea where to find some late night eats. Then, there it was, PastaBAR's marquee, like a beacon in the night we steered towards it's illumination like moths to flame. The sign on the door read: "open till 2am" we couldnt believe our eyes!Pushing those giant double doors open, we strolled inside, past an enthusiastic crowd gathered at the bar, our waitress ushered us to a lavish corner booth, whose padded seats were plush and amongst the most comfortable i've experienced in a restaurant setting. In a word the whole ambience of PastaBAR on a late saturday night was: Inviting. In no way did it seem an inconvenience to have come in so late, which i was truly afraid of. Our server saw us pondering over the menu and rescued us from our confusion. She explained the entire menu in very clear and concise terms, and with her help we quickly deduced what the best items suited for our tastes would be; my brother chose the gnocchi and I the orecchiette, along w/ some cold Peroni's to wash it all down. We sat nibbling on the thin italian bread sticks awaiting our dishes, and marveled at how much we adored this restaurant: their hours, their interior, their charming/beautiful/helpful servers, everything was shaping PastaBAR in our minds as the prime example of CenPho's burgeoning restaurant scene. 'Why aren't there more places like this!?' we thought.Finally our pasta bowls came out; two giant white porcelain troughs of fresh homemade pasta cooked w/ love and obvious skill. We sank our teeth into the pasta, devouring it greedily, and not once having envy toward the other's order, im fairly confident there was not once any offer to share amongst one another. The orecchiette was simply amazing, and my brother said the same of his gnocchi.When we got our check we were both more than happy to shell out whatever may have been the balance on the bill, i only hope i'd tipped our server enough!PastaBAR is without a doubt amongst my top three favorite restaurants in all of PHX and i will be sure to make my smiling face familiar amongst its long list of patrons. I would truly encourage any and everyone to try it out!
5	I finally made it to PastaBAR and boy am I glad I did! A-freakin-mazing. The menu seemed to be in Italian (or so I remember) and we had to have a mini lesson on the types of pasta they make in house. The portions seemed a bit small for the price, but I don't even care. It was toe-curling good. I got the cheapest thing that was on the menu, don't remember what it was called because I don't speak Italian. When I was done I threw my head back and honest to god felt like I needed a cigarette. Then came the gelato! Sweet jesus could this night get any better!? Fresh, delicious, refreshing, palate pleasing gelato.A wee bit pricey but so worth it. I can't wait to go back.
3	Good pasta, courteous staff.   Pretty empty the night we went, lacking ambiance.
4	I rolled the magic hand back and forth, back and forth over the stars a few times before I went to four stars!  Somethings should be easy, reviewing the PastaBAR is not.  This is a restaurant my husband and I have been going to almost as long as it has been open, a fateful day when we missed Matt's closing time and as I looked across the street saw the large sign beckoning us in at 2:00 on a Sunday.  So many things have changed since that day.There are times in my life when I try to do better and that means no dessert or no alcohol and those are the days that we just plain don't go to the PastaBAR as the temptations kill me!My favorite beverage is an Old Fashion but it is not a drink I order out because for some reason despite everything bartenders say, they just can't get it right.  One of the first things that sold me at the PastaBAR was the New Jack Fashion.  It is no longer on the drink menu, but they still make it and it does not disappoint.  Gentleman Jack with Amerena cherries and blood orange bitters ;1 is never enough and 2 really makes you want 3, but I have not ventured down that path.  As it is going to the PastaBAR requires a driver for me!  In general their drink menu is a fun event and I like the fact that they only serve cane sugar beverages.My other favorite there was the chocolate bark, but they have taken it away as in not on the menu AND not available.  Perhaps with the gelato bar it became too much, or maybe others didn't understand it the way I did and it didn't sell, but it was HEAVEN!!  Really it changed my whole understanding of chocolate.  At first it had shaved almonds and then it changed to whole nuts, but it was the perfect combination of sweet and salt that made it come together.  In fact I am now constantly seeking out salted chocolate just to get that same happy sugar high and I have noticed in several recent dining outings I am not alone (FnB, JAX, Wildflower).Then there is the other stuff they make...pasta.  Well it's darn near perfect.  Every dish I have ever had the pasta is perfectly cooked and they often have gifted specials that I remember months after.  In the world of apps they also introduced me to the savoriness of having egg on salad (runny poached type egg) and their heirloom tomatoes are always spot on.  Other apps are good, but I don't love as much as the salad.The owner adheres to rules that my husband has always preached to me like no cheese with fish and I see where that occasionally causes reviewers agitation, but the menu does work with you if you approach it the right way.  For instance I wanted the incredible Dessert Shrimp (I have no idea why they are called that, but they are phenomenal with their garlic, basil, pepper kick) on the fettuccine typically made with Rib Eye and I was told no, but that I could get the fettuccine dish without the rib eye and the shrimp on the side to create my own heaven.I know many people find the PastaBAR overpriced, but I believe the ingredients are very high quality and that is the reason for the cost.  You get what you pay for.  Service is hit or miss which when someone tries something new and gets the wrong server could be a huge problem.  It also can really hurt even for non-first timers as is evidenced by my sister who flat out will not return here.  In particular they seem to struggle with larger groups.  It is almost like the service staff isn't used to dealing with larger tables and larger may mean 6.  The service issues are not good, but thankfully everything else is.
3	Quite good.  A bit pricey and it was dead when I was there.  That's never a good sign.  The only real complaint is that all the food seems to have meat in it.  Can't you make a couple vegetarian dishes?
2	Over-priced small portions served in a long dark minimalist room (looks like they ran out of money before they even thought about decorating), located in a warren of small buildings on a deserted city lot.  Been there twice and maybe it was off hours but place was almost empty and service was barely serviceable. Original chef recently jumped ship. If you're smart, you won't even board. Abysmal.
3	The food was good, but the menu was difficult to break down. The waitress was always around but not extremely helpful. The place was pretty dead on a Friday night (which was good for us). There are a lot of wines but very, very few liquors to choose from (don't order a martini). The food was okay. Overall, this place was good enough, but we probably won't go back. Check out Aiello's or Tessoro.
2	We came here on a Friday night. My husband ordered a dirty martini and it was so dirty, it came out looking like a glass of olive juice with some grenadine in it - it was actually red - WTH? It was the first time in his life he had sent something back. The waitress was cool about it though. She had to be, she has eyeballs too. We ordered the mozzarella and heirloom tomato appetizer. It was ok, nothing special. I have a pet peeve though - if you say heirloom, I expect heirloom and heirloom tomatoes, they were not. If they are not in season, that's fine, but tell people when they order. Then, we had the cannelloni special with sausage sauce. Again, nothing special. Here's the kicker - they charge for bread (not special bread, just plain ol' bread) and for parmesan cheese to put on top of your pasta!!! In fairness, they do give you one piece of bread with your pasta, but if you want any more, you are paying $3. Let's be serious - the name of the restaurant is Pasta Bar and you charge for grated cheese?? That's like going to a sushi restaurant and paying for soy sauce or a burger place and paying for ketchup. The cheese actually on the menu as a side. Are you kidding me? We're not talking special grated cheese. It looked like the stuff from a green shaker bottle. I wanted to add some salt to our appetizer, but there was none on the table. I didn't ask for any because I was afraid they'd charge for that too. I'm actually surprised they didn't have it on the menu as a side. We won't be going back.
4	I went here Saturday night with a party of 4.  It is a pretty neat place in a neat area.  I felt pretty hip and urban being there.  Anyway, I NEVER eat pasta because I "try" to stay away from those carbs, so even coming here was a giant step for me.  I wasn't expecting the pasta here to be anything great but boy was I wrong.  Each one that I tried was excellent.  The ingredients tasted fresh and delicious and each was very flavorful.  I don't remember exactly which ones I tried (I tried 4 of them), but each one was excellent.  They probably don't make a bad pasta dish.Some of the dishes have some odd/random ingredients, but don't let that scare you.  Order each dish as it is listed on the menu and you won't be disappointed. When I feel like I have to get carbed up for a big race I will return!I'm still a little pissed that they didn't have diet coke or any diet soda at all for that matter.  Who doesn't have diet soda?  I get that they are trying to be green, local, natural, organic or whatever else is hip right now but come on.  I know I should probably stick to water anyway, but I always enjoy a diet coke with any good meal.  I'm not sure why, but I just love it and it makes my meal a lot more enjoyable.  Weird, I know.
4	love this little place!  been here twice now and am a total fan...we had the special for the night, butternut squash ravioli's which were delicious.  the atmosphere was a little quieter, but it was a sunday so no complaints because it was great for dinner conversation.  Can't wait to go back!!  :)
4	When I heard people talk this place up I'm like dude pasta is pasta, what is the big deal? Then I got there and checked the menu out, I thought it was creative but kind of limited. The bread sticks in that silly wraper thing annoyed me. Then the food came out.... Holy monkies Batman! I don't quite know what they're putting in this pasta but it is divine! No joke. Each time I've gone back and tried something new I've never been disappointed. If you want seriously delicious and unique pasta. Get ur toshie to pasta bar... Oh and the olive appetitzer?!?! I didn't know olives could taste like that. I'm a huge fan!!!!
5	Oh PastaBAR - how I do love thee!I had a marvelous pre-theatre dinner at PastaBAR last Saturday evening, and I wish I could beam myself there right now and relive the meal.We started with drinks. Go for their daily infusions. I had strawberry, and it was delicious. Next, we shared their version of a caprese salad: Buffalo Mozzarella, basil pesto, heirloom tomatoes, anchovies. The mozzarella melts in your mouth!For my entree, I had the Chitarra alla Amatriciana...guanciale, onion, parsley, hot pepper, tomato ... Yum! If you're in the downtown Phoenix area, please take advantage of this local gem!
4	This place will always be special to me. I took my now-fiancee here on our first real date. About a year later, we came back for dinner, and I proposed at the jellyfish park nearby. That probably doesn't mean a lot to you, but the food and atmosphere are great too. The menu changes a lot, but I've never had anything I didn't enjoy!
5	Last time we went here was about a year ago when I had to declare that I had soured on one of our once-favorite places.  We have been here a bunch of times and loved it, but that last time we went, it just seemed like they were buying into their own hype just a little too much....the servers were kind of snotty, the whole experience was eh.  I heard 2 separate servers telling customers "the chef doesn't do substitutions."  Come on people.  It's pasta, good pasta, but it's not a untouchable masterpiece, you know?  Give the people what they like and they'll come back- take an attitude with them, and people like us say see ya later, there are a lot of great restaurants DT.Anyway, no trace of attitude this time, just good service and excellent food.  The buffalo mozzarella was soft and delicious, along with the local tomatoes.  And no anchovies...I was allowed to customize!  The bavette cacio e pepe (with hot peppers added) was amazing, as usual, along with the braised greens.  Sweet pea loved his gnocchi and meatballs, and ate every last bit.  All in all, we're happy to be back together with Pastabar, and look forward to coming in again very soon.
5	... as always, 5 stars if the place would stand up anywhere. It would. Firstly, I'm overjoyed it survived these past few years. Secondly, on a regular Saturday night 8:30-ish, it was 40% full - and in-line with it's 2 street-facing co-tenants. That's hopefully enough to ensure survival. These 3 delightful restaurant/bars have carved out a wonderful second life for the industrial building they're housed in and provide a luxury of urbanity to this burg. We had to scoot in for a quick small supper before going to a comedy show a friend was in. Small check quickly and un-resentfully served - thank you gracious server! There was a single man drinking a coke and eating a bowl of pasta at the bar while diligently reading his book. It was clear he felt abundantly welcomed. That tableau epitomizes the civilized urbane establishment this place is. The pasta carbonara remains true after two years to the unremittingly high standard set for me by a Queens neighborhood Italian joint decades ago - and Pasta Bar remains the only other place I've ever ordered it more than once. For that, and so much more, I'm eternally grateful.
2	Our friends M & M wanted to try the Pasta Bar, so we did...Oh the restaurant it self is fine, long and narrow. The music ick, the service friendly, the food double ick.Yes I think the food is much too expensive for what you get, but when you get ick half the price would still be too much.I of course said I enjoyed so M & M would not think me a crabby old man, but man they sure can pick some crappy places to eat.
4	I bit pricey for the portion size on 3 of 4 dishes, but overall pretty good. I got the Camparita cocktail. So delicious!! Fresh squeezed citrus makes me so happy. I love margaritas, but can't stand fake lime mix.We ordered the salad with egg, the like a caprese app. They were both good, the portion was kinda small on the salad. I really liked that the basil component of the caprese was a pest rather than whole leaves like it is traditionally served. The bread was phenomenal.For main courses we got the gnocchi . The gnocchi itself was so delicious, light and fluff like eating a cloud. The sauce was good, but I really didn't get the fennel or sausage in it. We also ordered the Amatriciana which was good more spicy than I expected. The meat was a little on the sparse side, but overall a good dish.
4	I went here with my friend and her toddler for lunch a few months ago. It was a Saturday and we were the only ones in the restaurant. Hmmmm. But regardless the food was really amazing. The flavors were very unique. The freshly made pasta melts in your mouth.This would be a 5 star rating if it weren't for the portion sizes. We only ordered a pasta dish each and no salad, and there is no bread, only those cracker style breadsticks. Which my friend's toddler gobbled up. We were still hungry after our meals. It would be great if they could just get some simple, tasty artisan bread from a local bakery. With the price they charge on their meals, this really shouldn't be a problem.The service was great, which it should be since we were the only ones. But our server was very nice, helpful, and informative. And didn't mind putting up with the little one.
4	I'm a fan but I went last night and the valet told us that Pasta Bar closed last week.
4	5 visits in the last year.  The Good:  late hours, low-key, comfortable space, subtle flavor combinations, interesting pasta varieties.The Bad:  pistacchio gelato (could have been a bad batch), smaller portions than what overweight people require, can be inconsistent (putanesca good one time, not so good another time).Try this place if you are close to downtown or cenpho and like italian food.  Don't bother if you are looking to cram a pound of spaghetti and meatballs down your gullet.
