5	Friday night out in Madison, WI started with dinner at Dlux.  A swanky, new place right off the square.  We started with drinks at the bar while the very short wait for a table.  One member in our party did not get her drink with the rest and very quickly someone came to our table to apologize for the delay and also tell her they were missing an ingredient and asked if there was something else she would like and that it would be "on the house" for the inconvenience and wait.  We were all impressed.   We all were very pleased with our meals and the bleu cheese and bacon fries were delish.   We had a very friendly, attentive and personable waiter in Trevor.   You need to experience Dlux, you will not be disappointed.
5	Going into DLUX I was not quite sure what to expect, but thinking Madison burger joint I assumed the typical, decent grass fed beef served at many places around the square. I was pleasantly surprised to find something very unique to the area. The flavors are fresh and the atmosphere is somewhat big city without the high prices. While I'm excited to go back to try everything else on the menu, it will be hard to stray from the amazing DLUX burger with cheddar and green onion fries.  The burgers hold that perfect amount of charbroiled flavor while leaving room for some incredible topping choices. Aside from the food, the drink menu is also worth a trip in itself. The Hawaii 5-0, made with a DLUX-made strawberry soda, was a refreshing flavor that I will be revisiting soon. Last but certainly not least the shakes are a perfect ending to the meal. Featuring different flavors such as toasted marshmallow and red velvet the menu is truly complete with these dessert additions. I think that my favorite part about this restaurant is that it is extremely versatile...I could pop in at lunch for a burger, fry and shake, stop in after work for a drink and the game or take it a step up at night for a classy, affordable date night.
5	I'm happy to give DLux 5 stars.  I thought my husband and I would be waiting for hours to try out this new downtown restaurant on a Friday night, but it only ended up being about 30 minutes.  There is plenty of bar space available for waiting and it's such a great space so you don't mind hanging out for a bit and enjoying a cocktail.  Speaking of cocktails, I tried the 'Blackberry Fizz' and it was so deliciously perfect I half wondered if there was even any gin in the drink, but by the time I reached the end of my drink I determined there was - the flavors just melded together so beautifully. I ordered the DLux burger, my husband the BBQ burger and we split the chips and sweet potato fries.  Everything was delicious - the flavors were perfect, the burger buns were just substantial enough, the fries were crispy, but soft; the chips were a little too crispy and could have used some more flavor.  Our service was excellent; very prompt and helpful.  We didn't try any of the shakes, but we'll definitely be back to give those a shot and sample some of the other burgers.
3	Honestly, I'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars. I wish Yelp gave half stars (I say this every time), but I'm going to round down on this one. Went to DLux for the first time this past weekend. I don't really like their motto of "General Swank" or whatever it is--seems a bit pretentious. However, Food Fight is usually pretty solid (save for Bluephies), so this was worth a shot.I got the farmhouse burger, which was monterrey jack cheese, bacon, a fried green onion and a side of tomato jelly. The jelly was pretty awesome--I think it may have had curry or garam masala in it--I couldn't quite pinpoint the flavors. Fried green tomato was so-so--pretty bland, actually. Now, the burgers--they don't let you specify doneness. This annoyed me to no end, because ALL the burgers are well done. I prefer some flavor in mine, so it was a let down overall.Redemption: The cheese and green onion fries? Wow. Fantastic. Some of the best I've had in the area. Overall? 3 stars. Would I go back? Yes, they certainly deserve another chance. I just want some more imagination and flavor punches in my burger.
5	Perfect place for a tasty meal at the perfect price.  I tried the kegged cocktail - the DLUX Double Punch (not to be confused with a discount double check).  It was sublime.  My partner and I had burgers - both done just right.  We also tried the cheddar and green onion fries.  Oooh.  Those were good.  I wish we'd had room to try one of the shakes - but I suppose it's just a pledge to return.  (Also fun/swanky ambience - I like how they've hidden the TVs way up high so they aren't a distraction).
4	Grateful for friends who suggested DLUX for our 13 year olds birthday dinner.We look for new places and I was honestly a bit reticent that 'burgers and shakes' might be too mundane to welcome the start of teen years.Yet from the moment we arrived DLUX felt fun and big city, "ooh, that looks cool" - staff was very friendly and welcoming to family in mix of corporate and casual city diners. Bar was packed creating fun feel and tables were well spaced allowing for the odd 5th chair to fit in nicely. Free shake for birthday girl was nice touch as is free parking. Drinks - good - though fancy sodas are tough to judge and not just for kids (will the ginger strawberry be too spicy, is the grapefruit lime to sour - yes!). A NOTE TO ALL RESTAURANTS - your eaters are better at judging taste profiles than ingredients, help us by giving a sense of taste not assume we know based on ingredients.. One shake (red velvet) was loved by all , the other (lemon chiffon?) too over powering to be consumed even by the table. Still fun to try. Food - meat burgers loved by all meat eaters, salmon a little too much garlic in sauce, white fish / shrimp odd texture but tasted good. Fries 'perfect' but a little tough. Chimichurri  salad - yummy - needs more seeds, but sharing with table of meat eaters who LOVED the flank steak, really LOVED it - so much flavor. Agree with others that "general swank" and "keeping it cahz" is trying too hard, no reservations is fine, but so is responding to email requests to check in for big night. Definitely worth a try!
3	Ok, so I dropped in for the first time at lunch time.  I'd been excited because of my perceived dearth of great burgers in Madison.  I took a seat at the bar, my preferred seat in most restaurants, and was surprised by it's size.  It was a large squarish bar in the center of the room that takes up a considerable amount of floorspace - more than I would expect for a restaurant.  The decor, which is slick and mod, tells you that Dlux is really a fancy cocktail lounge that serves burgers. And if I were judging it as a lounge, my star rating would probably start at 4 stars.  Beautiful space, nice bar, good stools - a great start. However, I'm judging it as a burger spot, and as such it's absolutely a three star kinda place.  I had "The Standard" which is what it sounds like: American cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion and pickles. I also had sea salt fries on the side. They have a number of other burgers but I wanted to give them a shot at the classic. The food came hot which was great. The plate was very attractive as they have their own custom dlux plates.  I guess my main complaint is that the patty is too small.  I'm guessing five ounces before cooking.  It was dwarfed by the bun, which was a good potato bun.  You can order a double if you want, which pushes the price up from $8 to $11, no side.  Pretty steep for lunch. Everything else about the burger fine.  The veggies were fresh, but that's not why I would go back for a burger.The fries were also a little off.  They were hot, but a little chewy or tough and barely salted which isn't great when you call them sea salt fries.  They had the texture of a stale french fry but were not.  I'm guessing it has to do with their cooking process combine with the fact that the potatoes seemed to be fresh cut, which is admirable when it produces a better product.  Here it didn't. I should also mention that the service was fine.  The bartender was a little disinterested, but I've worked the lunchtime shift behind the bar myself in a former life and I get it.  It's not the greatest shift, but she kept my glass filled and my lunch came promptly.  I'll take that anytime.
2	DLUX is a restaurant that is still struggling to figure out what it would like to be.  I have been twice and both times left me wanting. Pros:- The interior is beautiful.  I LOVE looking at the bar.- The sweet potato fries are nothing to write home about alone, but are delicious with the siracha mayo.  - The service is friendly, but green. - Seating was immediate.- Plenty of ramp parking not too far awayCons:- The food was unremarkable.  It wasn't bad by any means, but easily forgotten.  I really appreciate that DLUX took a chance with the vegetarian white bean burger, but it was lost in the bun.   -  The music was far too loud at night.  It was at a level that would have been fine if it was full of bar patrons, but the restaurant was almost empty.   It resulted in a lot of shouting to waiters and dining companions.- The toasted marshmallow milkshake was a total loss.  The milkshake had the consistency of water.  And, the marshmallow is not toasted - it is burnt.  It took a couple of hours to clear the ash taste out of the mouth.  The pecan milkshake was rich, but watery and unremarkable.- I know this is a bit nit picky, but the lighting did not transition to dinner at the right time.  It felt like we were eating in a cafeteria until the lighting changed.  Then, the atmosphere was much better.Overall:It is an easily forgettable, unoffensive place for a quick first date with an internet connection.  There are just too many other great places nearby to go back to DLUX again.
4	Walking by, I see a sign that says they have milk shakes.  Sure, it's a cold-ish day in October, but I am so much a fan of milk shakes, and these are nice and thick, made with local ice cream, and deeee-licious.  Next time I'll ask them to skip the whipped cream on top.  I only had a black raspberry milk shake --only $5! -- and it was great.  So maybe this review is limited.   Deal with it.
2	bland burgers - sugary cocktails - general disappointmentI started with one of the rum swizzles made with Cane & Abe Rum and housemade valenica orange soda.  I was hoping it would be super tasty, but all I could taste was sweet, sweet, sweet.  My biggest (pardon) beef is that all burgers are cooked to one temperature: well done.  I have an appreciation for a smashed burger, but it seems totally out of place for a restaurant called DLUX.  I decided on the Farmhouse burger: bacon, fried green tomato, monterey jack with  a side of tomato jam.  The patty seemed unseasoned, the bacon was overcooked, the green tomato didn't have much flavor and the tomato jam ended up tasting more like apple butter. I'm also not sure if the patty had been seasoned.Our table ordered one of each fry: blue cheese & bacon, sharp cheddar & green onions, sweet potato fries & sriracha mayo, and parmesan & truffle cream fries. The sweet potato fries were pretty tasty and I'm a sucker for sriracha.  The other fries were a little undercooked, but well seasoned.  Unfortunately, the toppings didn't deliver.  Both cheeses were pretty mild and the truffle cream was a bit overpowering. I'm sorry, DLUX, you just didn't do it for me.  I love, I mean LOVE burgers and I was pretty excited about some of the flavor combos, but the flavors just fell flat.  The food was not awful by any means, but I was left wanting.
4	Saturday lunch on the Square - a very pleasant option with NO waiting, a low noise level and great burgers!The menu says ALL burgers are 8 dollars. note - there are no sides included, so the burger comes looking a little bit lonely on the plate. but that is OK.The Salmon burger with wasabi mayo and a jicama/carrot slaw was delish. The bun was mildly whole wheat and slightly warmed.The Bloody Mary was VERY GOOD- and very pretty, with a sword of olives and pickles. I called that my salad!!I will go back to try more burger choices and some of the sides, like the sweet potato fries seen at a neighboring table. they looked awesome.Service was quick and pleasant. The space is modern and well- Spacious.The "game" was on - but the sound was OFF - Thank you so much!! I confess I am one of those people in this town who is NOT totally into the football thing.
2	I had a very bad lunch experience at DLUX. I've been told that doing burgers this way -- every burger grill pressed to well-done -- is a matter of taste, but I just don't get it.I had the Farmhouse burger, cheddar-chive fries and a Shot In the Dark kegged cocktail. The tomato jam on the burger was nice and most of the condiments were good, but didn't make up for lack of a flavorful patty. The fries were pretty generic and there was not much flavor in the cheese sauce.The cocktail was the low of the experience. It was overcarbonated and extremely sweet which gave it an acidy burn. This was not a nice alcohol warmness, but physically painful. I had to send it back.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Madison! I don't know where to begin.When you walk in, at first you feel like the place might be too fancy for you, but after perusing the menu, you realize that this is one of those places that makes delicious food and provides an elegant atmosphere at a reasonable price.One item to highlight is their kegged cocktails. They make a variety of different fruity cocktails from scratch and serve them on tap. I got the citrus one and it was one of the best mixed drinks I've had in quite a while.Besides the drinks, the food is pretty impressive. We got the squash soup, sweet potato fries, and a mushroom burger. All were excellent and ended up being quite affordable.One thing to watch: expect a wait if going Thursday-Saturday; we tried to go last Thursday and ran into a 45 minute wait.
4	After a less than stellar experience at DLUX, the owner, Caitlin reached out to me and invited to come out for a couple of cocktails.I'm happy to report that I had a much better experience.  For those of you that have complained about the cocktails being too sweet, make sure to speak up!  The bar is happy to customize most drinks to make them less sweet or your server can help steer you in the right direction.  If you're like me and love bourbon, get the bourbon smash (less sweet, of course) and you'll be very happy.  OH! and please try the sweet corn dip with fritos.  I'm in love with that -ish and need to recreate it at home (or go back and order it again and again).
4	DLUX makes a fine burger......and a fine shake....and fine cheese / green onion fries...and a fine root beer float.So much so that while working at an event at Monona Terrace the other night, I sent several hungry people over there.  All came back stuffed and happy.The burger combos and quality are not too far off from what you'd find at a Red Robin, but with at atmosphere that feels much less like a restaurant chain kiddie fun-land and more like a yuppie hipster paradise.  But it's the fries.  Oh those fries.  I don't even think I saw a traditional order of french fries on the menu.  The fries offered include fries covered in cheese and green onions as well as an order covered in bacon and blue cheese, among other combinations.Did I mention shakes?  Yeah, you CAN put booze in it if you like.  Because why wouldn't you?The burger prices are pretty reasonable, but the drink prices sit on the border of high.  Overall, as the 4 stars would say "Yay!  I'm a fan."  It's a unique atmosphere for a burger joint, but as I said earlier, they make a fine burger.
4	Looking for a fun date night spot? Or a place to catch a bite and some drinks before catching a show with friends? Then DLUX is the place. The decor makes it feel like something you'd find downtown Chicago, definitely more swanky than what you'd expect to find just off the square in Madison. The burgers are good, not really anything to write home about. The topping combinations are interesting (side note: they'll happily remove items from a burger but will not do substitutions) The sides and appetizers are just made for sharing. The Cheesy Spinach Artichoke Dip was really yummy and its great that it comes with veggies and garlic toasts for a little variety. The sweet potato fries were good as well and my boyfriend seemed quite pleased with his fries smothered in bacon and blue cheese. The salted caramel pecan was delicious as well. I'm still a little on the fence about having nuts in a milkshake though.
5	I'm going to get some flack from friends who say a burger is supposed to be a 1/3 pound patty grilled over an open flame with a hint of crust on the outside and a warm center with a little bit of pink. Burgers are like snowflakes... no two are alike. And to say that these are reminiscent of a fast food chain... I'd like to call out the battered cod you're going to eat at this week's fish fry which is the same deep fried fish they serve you at Long John Silvers. If you don't dig pressed and cooked through, don't go. You're not going to love this burger. However if you can appreciate the other elements, check them out, because there's enough happening inside to warrant repeat visits. I firmly believe the success of a restaurant lies solely with its people. I'm talking the person who greets you, your bartender, servers, managers in the building, owners, everyone who contributes to creating an awesome experience. DLUX has some great ones. Caitlin who helps steer the ship and is super tapped in to what people are saying on Yelp and Emily, the lovely bartender tonight that had super solid recommendations as I navigated the menu. Here's how THAT went down:Corey: I'm thinking about starting with something.Emily: People who LOVED our French Onion soup REALLY LOVE our new Veggie Chili. I can't help but eye over the cornbread every time I go into the kitchen.Corey: I'll take a cup! and laterCorey: Oh man I kinda wanna take a milkshake home with me which do you like?Emily: Well the red velvet is a little intense, salted caramel is good but the flavor of the month snicker-doodle is even better!Corey: Done. One to go. Thank you Emily for having opinions, striking up conversation and delivering on the promises you made about both those items. The Veggie Chili rocks but it's seasonal, so call ahead if you're worried it's not around and that shake was SO worth being a little sick (grrrr lactose intolerance). As for my burger? I had the Backyard BBQ which has a zippy coleslaw, BBQ sauce, bacon and cheese. Is it the best burger I ever ate? No. A burger I make is the best burger I ever ate. But will I get it again? You bet. The combination of toppings was pretty awesome, the bun stood up super well to the mess inside, and for a flat burger it had some flavor and was still juicy even without any visible pink.I like the red accents, I like the vibe, I LOVE the full back barstools, and don't even get me started on the Alsum Farm Spicy Sweet Corn with Fritos because this review is already so long I don't want to proofread it. Suffice it to say even if you don't dig their meat, there's a cornucopia of other reasons to dig DLUX.
4	Sweet potato and cheese fries were amazing... I am waiting to have a burger with my husband but the fish/shrimp sandwich was pretty good. Both friends I was with didn't care for the sauce on their burgers so I recommend getting it on the side... The marshmallow shake was superb! I would definitely go back.
2	I keep hoping for more from Foodfight, but disappointed again.  This is the typical Foodfight restaurant: great concept, cool execution of decor and atmosphere, and a menu that reads as very appealing ... but the food is entirely average.  Had the salted carmel pecan shake which the the only thing that had a strong flavor, but where was the ice cream/shake?  It was like the shake was half whipped cream - jusst give me more ice cream, please.  For dinner, I tried the Standard Burger, figuring it should be simple and tasty.  Unfortunately, I think I could have gotten the same bun at the Copps bakery and the burger was totally flat in flavor.  The fries were acceptable, but don't call them Sea Salt Fries if they don't have any sea salt on them.  Adequate, at best.  Despite the words on the menu, it is like they are afraid of strong, bold or creative flavors because they don't want to offend any palate.  I likely won't be back other than for a beer so that I can enjoy the scene.   Sorry, but like so many of their other restaurants, I just wish Foodfight could make better tasting food that matched the rest of their great ideas, and they should be able to do better.
5	I had one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life at DLUX.  It was called the Sunrise Burger.  A Perfectly Cooked Hamburger with a perfectly cooked fried egg, pepperjack cheese,housemade tomato jam, and shoes tring potatoes.  Everything in this burger tied together so well.  The tomatoe Jam added a touch of sweetness that really set the burger off.  They also have a variety of different types of french fries and shakes to go with your meal.  Put this place down on your list of places to try.
2	Despite my disappointment on my initial visit, I really do like to give a new restaurant at least two chances.  A sample size of one is just not sufficient.  Luckily, a friend was taking me to lunch.I had the Sunrise burger and the cheddar cheese & green onion fries.  The bun was actually better than I thought, but again the burger was just plain adequate.  I was really excited for the fires, but they were totally flat, a huge disappointment.There was one saving grace, the coconut vanilla shake.  This shake was absolutely awesome.  The vanilla ice cream was sharp and flavorful, and they did not skimp on the quality coconut.  I will actually go back, but for one item only, this shake.
5	Wow! Finally a great burger joint the Madison can be proud of!Excellent burger combinations that are tastefully put together, along with Fries that will have your mouth excited.Not to mention, this place is partly employee owned! Who would not want to eat here?The interior is decorated for a good Madison downtown vibe, and it is very easy to park and find. We parked in Lot 89 off MLK, and our parking was validated by DLUX!!!!!! Free parking!DLUX is the perfect atmosphere for everything from date night to just your basic social gathering spot. They even had some nice large TVs to watch football on. The menu was priced at a medium rate, average burger price looked to be around $8. I am very excited to go back for their Sunday breakfast sandwiches and bloody Mary bar.If I had to pick one place in Madison right now to tell someone about it would be DLUX. A+ for you.
5	This place is absolutely delicious. They have some amazing burgers: DLUX, Backyard BBQ (probably my personal favorite), Carnegie, Mushroom and Swiss Melt, etc... Each burger is bursting with so much flavor you'll want to order one of their special house cocktails to wash it down. I've had their Shot in the Dark, which is a delectable combination of rum, their house spicy ginger beer and lime juice. Be warned, this drink may taste delicious, but it's quite strong.if you're into something more sweet, I'd suggest their house margarita. It's not too strong, but also not too fruity, which is just the way I like it.Finally, if you're into the fruity stuff, get their Cherry Bounce Collins, which tastes like a Shirley Temple infused with a little bit of liquor.Oh and I didn't even mention their desserts yet. They have toasted marshmallow milkshakes with rumchata, pina colada Malibu milkshakes and a plethora of other alcoholic flavored milkshakes. Now don't worry, you won't even taste the alcohol because it's so faint.And to tie everything up, their service was fantastic. The waitresses (not sure if there were waiters there, meh) were extremely nice and friendly. They were super accommodating and weren't afraid to strike a conversation with just about anyone.Anyways, I am out of good things to say about this place, so I think I will stop there.
5	First - Let's start with the customer service.  Most places have great food but their service is completely lacking.  Not here.  The servers were friendly and knowledgeable.  After asking as to whether or not they had carry-out, I was enlightened on their happy hour and weekend brunch.  Second - The burgers.  Wow.  Simply delicious with simple ingredients done in an extraordinary way.  If you are not ready to get adventurous, try the mushroom swiss burger.  It is a flavor explosion.  Try it with the cheddar and green onion fries or the bleu cheese and bacon fries.  I am a big fan of truffle fries but the other two definitely overshadow these.  The bleu cheese and bacon were my favorite.  I tried a few of their dips.  The spinach artichoke was a bit too creamy.  However the Spicy Sweet corn is surprisingly amazing.  Corn in a salsa?  Yes.  Try it, just do it.  I know it sounds crazy and I was ready to brush it off.  But do it.  DO IT.  You will regret it if you don't.Try the boozy milkshakes.  The pina colada was my favorite. Their kegged cocktails were delicious, try the margarita, definitely a must have.  The DLUX Double Pinch is a surprising mix.  Pineapple and Mint.  Different, a little unusual, but delicious.  The prices are great and are pretty comparable to other establishments.  This place has so much to offer...but wait for it....VALIDATED PARKING AFTER FOUR!  Yes.  In the covered garage right around the corner.  Do it.  Go there.  Yum.
2	I had high expectations and really wanted it to be a good place to go as I love the idea of the place, we were out on a Friday celebrating a friends birthday.  Positive: The creativity of what the burgers had on them and quality of those toppings are great as well as the variety of ways you can get french fries (garlic truffle were the best we tried).  The decor is nice and it is in a good part of town.  Service was great as well so it has a lot going for it.  The problem started with their kegged cocktails, 3 out of 4 of them tasted extremely tart and overly sugared to the point where you couldn't tell what was really in them (the margarita was good)  The other major problem was the quality of the beef patty, much like the other reviews the patty was bland and overcooked.  2 out of the 6 at our table had what they thought a patty that was cooked to where it wasn't overly dry, the rest of us felt it was dry and flavorless.  My advice is this place just needs to improve the quality of their meat, the kegged cocktails is just a matter of taste, but the flavorless dry beef patties is a big deal, nobody wants to spend $10 on a burger that relies completely on the bun and toppings.
4	My daughter told me about a Yelp event at D-Lux a week ago. I am from Chicago. Do most yelping there. I read older reviews of D-Lux and they were hit or miss. I usually discount this as you either love or hate a place. For me, D-Lux is a hit. The samplings were great. Let's start at the beginning (food wise). The dips and chips were above average. The spicy corn dip was great. A big hit at our table. The crudite was artfully displayed and for this time of the year extremely fresh veggies. The drinks were varied and skillfully prepared by our bartenders. They were extremely helpful in describing their concoctions. Next came the fries and burgers. Now folks, this is NOT Donald's Mc Donald's nor is it Johnny's Mc Donald's. The place oozes modern chic. The food carries this theme in taste and presentation. The fries were crisp and prepared with delicious variations. The truffle and cheese fries were very good. The fries were something only an upscale restaurant would conjure up and deliver. The burgers were char broiled. Great start. I just love the taste of the charred meat of the burger. My favorite (I am a meat guy) was the fish plus burger. A great idea executed even better. Bring a few friends, order and share some of their varieties. We were getting filled on these tidbits and out came the shakes. Here again, not Mc Donald's. Thank God! We left satisfied and saying to ourselves, I will be back. Keep up the good work! Johnny
4	I have a confession: this is my second version of this review. I sat down and wanted to write a mediocre review. I wanted to play on the lack of Es in DLUX, how your Expectations went away along with them, and how SMPL might be more fit.But you know what? The longer I tried to write it, and reflected on my dining experiences, the harder it became. The truth is, these are good, quickly prepared, /mostly/ simple burgers. They're made and served by genuinely attentive and friendly people. I'm positive you'll have a good-to-great experience when you go. It's one of the better ways to transform $8 into something tasty.I'm looking forward to where DLUX will go from their pretty exciting beginning. There are good ideas in the heads of the people running the show. They've already completed a fantastic transformation of the former Ocean Grill space, and if they keep their topping offerings fresh (and maybe figure out how their kitchen can support heftier burgers with a range of temperatures), I can see DLUX becoming a lasting member of the Square.---For a burger, I'd suggest the signature DLUX (you can't ruin a caramelized onion) or the Backyard BBQ. The blue cheese and bacon fries are excellent, as are the sweet potato fries with a side of sriracha mayo. I really want to love the Parmesan and truffle cream fries, but the current presentation is more reminiscent of poutine, which results in tragically uneven application of thick cream sauce (and the truffle oil contained therein). I'll certainly be checking out if there are any unwritten rules applied to the fry section next time. At this point, you've reached the best part of your meal: the time when you get to pick a milkshake! But why stop there? Why not make use of that nearby well-stocked bar and come up with a very special treat? Some combinations I can personally vouch: toasted marshmallow with Rumchata, or red velvet with peppermint schnapps.
4	Definitely coming back here.Great burgers, good size and good price. Awesome sweet potato fries and shakes. Fries aren't included in the price of the burger. Menu is simple.It's a bit dark and kind of loud, but that seems to go with the good restaurants downtown.
4	I live down the street from DLUX and have been there a few times... and always had a great experience.  Every time I've gone it's always been incredibly busy, which I think is a good sign for any restaurant.  I am obsessed with the red velvet cake milkshake, so rich and tasty.  I've never ordered it with alcohol but now that I know it's an option I'll have to try it out :)  The Standard (sub chix) is my favorite sandwich on the menu! The atmosphere is very beautiful and staff is really helpful! :)
4	I've probably been here at least 10 times.  I work in the area, and it's high on my list for lunch.The first thing that may be helpful to know about DLUX is that it's pretty much a lunch and late night establishment.  I wouldn't recommend it to someone that's "going out for dinner."   You certainly could eat some good food during the dinner hours, but I think you can get the point.   I love the Pimento Burger -- check out the photo.  It's quite unique, but it's not going to make any simple folks uncomfortable.  The bell pepper jelly on it is fabulous.  I've tried all of their burgers, and I would not hesitate to order any one of them again.  The milkshakes are excellent.  Get the peanut butter, or the raspberry (I think it was raspberry) -- see the picture I uploaded.The atmosphere is fresh, fun, and I'd even consider it relaxed.  The staff is pleasant and very attentive.  Why not 5 stars?  I think the meat on the sandwiches could use a little extra flavor.  There's just something missing.   Everything else on them makes up for it though.
4	I think that my first review was spot on, but DLUX has improved A LOT since then.  I went back tonight for a birthday party, and I was thrilled by the improvement.  The bar is still beautiful, and the lighting and music was much better.  While the staff was fine before, the service was much crisper and more professional.  I was really expecting DLUX to fall flat, so I went for broke with the cabbage soup...yep cabbage...and the green goddess salad.  Both were delicious!  I was shocked at how much I enjoyed both of them.   We also had a red velvet milkshake which was much better than either of the two milkshakes that we had tried before.This was the kicker for me:  We ordered our dishes without meat to be vegetarian friendly, which was not a problem for the waiter.  When we got our bill, we noticed that the price had been reduced because we didn't order meat.  No vegetarian expects to have their bill reduced for holding the meat, but it is really REALLY nice to see it when it does happen.  Thank you.
5	Great twist on burgers. Delicious milkshakes. Boring weak drinks. Still like it better than ocean grill.
5	For my whole life I've been in a pickle.1) I like to go out to hip restaurants2) I like cute drinks3) I like to eat whompin good burgersAND my problem has been that these three things never go hand in hand.  You either get a good burger at a grungy old bar with only beer, or a skimpy fancy pants burger at a posh restaurant.  However, DLUX hits all my points. Thank the burger gods for that!I like how the burger is cooked.  No, I don't like blood squirting out of my beef...sue me. The beef is fresh and tender, and the selections are unique.  They have a burger of the month too!  I now CRAVE the parm and truffle cream fries.  They are such an indulgence.  If you like margaritas, the double find margarita is fab.  They use agave, so it's not too sugary sweet.  Put on your pumps and blow out your hair and sink your teeth into a burger.  Just a normal girl's night out.
5	If you want a burger or an awesome mimosa, head to Dlux. Brunch here has become a staple for yuppies everywhere. Pimiento cheeseburger, sweet potato fries, and bottomless mimosas and you're good to go.
3	The burgers were delicious! And reasonable. The place somehow doesn't seem to have grown into itself yet so the overall experience was lackluster.
5	Wowza! Cool place - decor is different - upscale but not by too much if that makes sense. Interesting cocktails. We had a recommended appetizer by our server / corn relish with dip fritos. We then split a burger (because it was late) - burgers are a la carte $8 I believe but OMG simply the best burger I've had in a long time! It had some sort of pimento cheese,bacon, and pepper jelly....not totally sure what that is nor do I care because I can't stop thinking about how good that was! We were in Madison for 5 days and this was my favorite. Can't wait to go back!
4	Burgers - hits and misses BUT the hits were AWESOME.If you ever need a reason to come to DLUX? It has the BEST milkshakes in town. Get the SALTED CARAMEL shake. *drools* it's my favorite.To maximize your experience in DLUX, if you have a smaller stomach like me and my boyfriend, share the fries, burger and a shake. You get the whole experience, but you won't be too full to leave ;)Favorites so far: sweet potato fries, mushroom swiss burger and SALTED CARAMEL shake ;)Oh, and it's big and spacious, love the booths!!
3	If you like salty food--this is the place to go!! I love that they have a VISION and they stick to it from the food to the decor! The BF had to order two burgers to feel full and I would have too but the fries I ordered (I've had them before at a yelp event and they were MUCH better back then) left a salty taste in my mouth so I held off.Food came out really quickly and we both loved our burgers:DLUX, White fish, and backyard BBQ! His fish burger was AMAZING and I wish I had ordered it, but I loved mine as well. The Blue cheese and bacon fries have been delicious in the past but I didn't like them this time...I'll be back to try again though!!
5	My wife, sister and I went to DLUX with the intent on having good burgers and fries.  We definitely got what we were looking for.Our waiter was very honest, nice, had a good sense of humor, and was attentive.  Since we had never been there we asked his opinion on many of the burgers and fries to see what his favorites were.  He was very open in letting us know them and didn't just say everything on the menu is great.The menu had some decently unique options that looked to be great combinations.  We decided to get 3 burgers and 3 orders of fries to share so we could all get a taste of the different things.  For burgers we got the DLUX burger, the Farmhouse, and the White fish and shrimp.  All were quite tasty but my favorite was the Farmhouse, "monterey jack, fried green tomato, bacon and baby greens with a sideof tomato jam".  The tomato jam really brings it all together.For fries we ordered blue cheese bacon, sharp cheddar green onion, and parmesan truffle cream.  These were all fantastic.  The cheese was layered perfectly and the amount of blue cheese was just right to not be overwhelming.  I couldn't pick a favorite of these, they were all awesome.I founded the prices to be quite good for the quality of food and environment (around the capital, somewhat hip).  $8 per burger, $3 for a small order of fries.  We were seated immediately and the food came out promptly.On top of everything we had our 2 month old baby too.  The restaurant wasn't too loud but had a nice constant level of noise (talking, music, misc) that kept her in a trance.Overall I don't really have anything bad to say other than the young ladies that gave us a dirty look for having a baby when we walked in.  If I could I would give it a 4.5 just because I reserve 5 for things that rock my face off.  Very good place, would recommend to others.  Not really for families with children that would be loud and wanting to run around.
4	A solid 4-star experience.A small group of fellow Yelpers convened on DLUX the other night so that we could sample Tom Q's contest-winning Greek Burger.  Tom made reservations for the group, and when we arrived promptly at 7:20, our table was ready and waiting.I love the DLUX interior - it's big and open, yet feels intimate thanks to the great seating arrangements, dark lighting, and mod-ish decor.  Background music was fantastic; I wish the restaurant patrons had been just a tad more quiet so that I could've Shazam'd a few songs... Our server was excellent.  If there's one thing that'll make or break a restaurant, it's the service - DLUX wins when it comes to service.  She was friendly, prompt, professional, and sharp.  When it came time for our table of 8 to split the check 5 ways, she was all over it.We started with some of the kegged cocktails; I'm not normally a fan of sweet drinks, but I really enjoyed the DLUX Double Punch, and I'm told the Shot In The Dark was excellent as well.  As we browsed the menu, I spied the Alsum Farm Spicy Sweet Corn appetizer; fond - nay - blissful memories revisited my Pavlovian brain... that stuff is like crack on a Frito.  We ordered a round of it, but subbed the Fritos for crostini, based on a suggestion by someone at the table.  The swap was an excellent call, as the slightly garlicy crostini paired nicely with the sweet and spicy corn dip.  I may or may not have licked the serving bowl clean... if there are pictures, I'll claim they were Photoshopped!  (Ok, ok - I didn't lick the bowl clean, but I contemplated it)We had no sooner finished the appetizer when our burgers arrived from the kitchen. DLUX serves their burgers in perfect harmony and balance.The burgers appear to be 4-ounces in size and are formed in such a way that they're not too thick, nor too thin, nor greasy, nor dry.  The buns aren't overwhelming.  The toppings aren't ridiculous.  It's so nice to be able to cut a burger in half and eat it without it falling all over the place, dripping on you, or leaving you feel like you just inhaled a gut bomb.I split a Greek burger (great seasonings; the cucumber added a delightful crunch; the tzatziki rounded things out) and a Sunrise burger (think of it as breakfast on a burger, complete with just a hint of sweet in the bun), and both were great.  An order of the decadent parmesan truffle fries made for an excellent meal.DLUX = WINFood = 4 starsService = 4.5 starsValue = 3.5 starsMISC = 4 starsSo, if you're on the fence about DLUX, jump!  Go!  Enjoy it!
4	I tried out DLUX after reading a few fantastic reviews, and now I get to add to them! Loooove this place. I'll get my downsides out of the way so I can get to the good stuff:1. Our server, Eric, was very casual--he said things like "Still chowin' then?" and "Yeah, for sure man." I thought it was kind of nice and different to have a server that wasn't overly polite, but this might not appeal to everyone.2. This is probably very old-lady-ish of me, but they turned the lights waaay down shortly after we got there, at about 6:30, and I wish they'd kept things a little brighter.Anyway, on to the list of why I love DLUX:1. Homemade, all-natural, strawberry-ginger soda. DONE.2. My DLUX burger was delicious! They cook all their burgers to the same juicy perfection, and the arugula/blue cheese/port wine-onion marmalade combination was unexpectedly good. Perfect portion size, too. My boyfriend summed this up well: "You know, sometimes I don't like burgers that aren't huge. Except when they're this good."3. The fries! Oh lord, the fries. I had sweet potato with sriracha mayo, and I loved the sweet/spicy balance. Boyfriend got the blue cheese & bacon fries, which were really rich and tasty.4. The price. Every burger is EIGHT dollars?! Yes please. I know it gets a little pricier if you add on sides, drinks, and the like, but I'd say this place is WAY worth it. For a few extra bucks over what you'd pay at a more casual burger place, you get delicious, well-portioned food, and a great atmosphere.Now I just have to plan my next trip to try the shakes...
3	Checked out DLux again to try Tom Q's famous burger of the month! I split two burgers with another diner. The Greek burger was pretty good, mix of lamb and beef with gyro-type topping. It was not greasy at all, which was nice, but almost a little dry. Needed more sauce or something. We also tried the Sunrise burger, a bfast type burger with egg. I like the egg, but the bun had a donut-like taste to it, which I didn't like too much. The fries are consistently good and kegged cocktails, though sweet, are yummy.
4	After hearing all the reviews I really wanted to give this place 5 stars.The atmosphere makes you feel upscale but in a very casual setting. The waiters/bartenders are up to par and are magnificently entertaining. DLUX is definitely the place to go if you want a nice burgers.The menu is small which I very well like. Simple and to the point. Though it's small each and every dish is jammed packed with flavor. I ordered the DLUX burger and I was very happy with how everything tasted. Fresh and delicious. I also ordered the salted caramel milkshake since I've read that it was amazing from my fellow yelpers. And you know what? It really was! It was delicious! The only downfall I had was my husbands orange creme soda milkshake. What you would expect and nothing really outstanding and the fries. Their fries were delicious but the parm sort of gave the fries a chalky after taste. My husband had the cheddar fries and yes they were great but next time i would ask them to go easy on the cheddar. Both fries are great when you first receive them but the cheese seemed to harden pretty quickly.Overall, 4 stars. Atmosphere was incredible, staff was superb, food was delicious except for minor downfalls. DLUX, expect to see me again because you are well worth the drive.
4	Went here for dinner tonight.  We had the Pimento burger, and the Farmhouse burger. We got 3 small orders of fries to try.  The blue cheese fries, the cheddar & green onion fries, and the sweet potato fries with the Sriracha mayo. My Farmhouse was pretty darned good.  Hubby's Pimento was good too.  The blue cheese & the cheddar fries were both very good.  The sweet potato fries ROCKED.  Soooo good!  We split a Salted Carmel Pecan shake.  OMG.  The best damn shake we've EVER had!  We'll be back.
3	A lively, modern space, DLUX impresses when it comes to ambiance.  The large 4-sided bar is the centerpiece of the restaurant, literally. Semi-circle booths and small rectangular tables line three of the walls, leaving a small front area open for a happy hour crowd standing and mingling. DLUX was running a 15min wait at 7pm on a Tuesday, not surprising given how few tables there actually are when it gets down to it; the place is not as big as it appears from the outside.  I liked the decor and lighting, it pulses with urban energy.  Purse hooks tucked under the bar are always a nice touch, as is validated parking at one of the nearby ramps (be sure to refer to the website to make sure you park in the right one!)  The menu is primarily burgers, with a few salads (all of which included meat, although I'm sure you could ask for it without, but then you're paying for protein you're not getting, but I digress...) Plenty of vegetarian options with the burgers, as they allow a free substitution to a portabella on any of their tasty concoctions. There is also a Portabella Caprese burger on the menu along with a White Bean burger, which was excellent.  The size of the burger was good for me, but probably a tad small for a strapping lad who may want to opt for the upgrade to a double (+$3). No sides come with these burgers (all $8) so if you want fries with that plan on +$2.  I'm fine with that, I don't need/want a pound of fries with my dinner anyways!The burgers and ambiance were a solid 4*, it was the service that was a bummer.  I was surprised, given the very friendly and cheerful host staff and all the positive accolades on the service listed here.  Hopefully our experience was just a fluke.The trouble began when we ordered an appetizer to start (spinach dip) and then burgers & beer.  The beers came... then the burgers... THEN the appetizer (Marissa's pet peeve #92 - they call it a "starter" for a reason, folks, if it was supposed to come after you got your dinner it would be called "dessert").  Now, I understand that kitchen crews sometimes make things out of order or a server puts in a whole order at once instead of staggering their entries... BUT this is server 101 - when poor timing happens you either:a) correct it with the kitchen staff before it even gets to the table or b) apologize to the table for things being out of order and figure out a way to remedy it.  Either of these can help negate pet peeve #92.  However, when neither of those things happen and the server brings the burgers and then returns with the appetizer, without a word of acknowledgement that things are out of order or an apology, well, I'd like to introduce you to Marissa's pet peeve #107.  Either: a) the server will hope I don't notice that my "starter" just became my "ender" or b) she doesn't care or c) she doesn't know any better.  Hmm.  I've got a problem with any of those options. All that being said, I liked the energy and ambiance of the place and my burger was good.  I'd give DLUX another shot but I know whose section I'd avoid.  Wink wink.
1	The place was packed on Saturday night, usually a good sign, but I think people are going to get over this place quickly. Strange service, greeted with "What's up." nothing more. Food is tasty, when it's cooked, I got served a burger that was still raw... considering it's a burger joint, that really shouldn't happen. I won't be back.
2	As an avid Food Fight fan, I was excited to finally try DLUX .  We arrived later, around 8 pm, and found the place still to be bustling enough to be fun...assuming it's because their food is so good.  While I've heard pretty mixed reviews on the place I went in without any pre-conceived notions.  Our server was very friendly and open to making suggestions.  We were excited and surprised to see Lagunitas IPA on tap here (yes I know we live in Wisconsin, but we love their craft brew from Cali too!).  Appetizer: the queso with corn served with fritos...kind of gross, but kind of good.  Reminds me of the velveeta with rotel dip you make in the crockpot.  Wouldn't order it again.Burgers:  We had the mushroom and swiss and the sunrise burger (with bacon added).  Both were just OK...the bacon and swiss was cooked to our liking, but as a basic burger with just a few toppings, it wasn't anything special.  The sunrise burger had the egg cooked over hard (I thought most times they were at least over medium) and had no sauce or ketchup on it at all.  The addition of bacon I thought was priced reasonably at $1.25.Fries:  We split the bacon blue cheese fries.  The fries were cooked well, but were drenched is some sort of other cheese, not blue cheese, then sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles and bacon.  If you want real blue cheese and bacon fries, head over to the Tipsy Cow just a few blocks away...those are amazing. Ambiance and interiors were "meh".  Our topic of conversation was how many other better burgers there are downtown (Sardine's bar menu, Tipsy Cow, Old Fashioned)  Overall this place was just OK...if I want a good burger and fries downtown there are MUCH better options...I'm surprised it's a Food Fight restaurant!
3	I've never been disappointed by a shake before.  I have no idea what was wrong with my blackberry shake; maybe it was the fact that it wasn't cold (it was just 'cool')..The burger were very, very tasty.  Yeah, it's not the typical Madison fare, but a different burger (esp. ones like the pimento cheeseburger) makes for a great entree.  Their sweet potato fries are thick-cut and definitely worth getting.The ultra-modern decor (gray) and service (curt) kinda adds to the vibe that this place caters to the passers-by and isn't interested in making any friends.  It was incredibly hard to pin the crowd that would frequent this place; while we were in for weekend lunch, there was a church group, casual bipsters (yolo), and young families.All in all, grab a table if you're in the area.  I dunno if I'd make it a destination.
3	This place does some thing very well, but others just ok.  Their burgers are creative and overall pretty darn tasty.  Don't expect a gigantic 1/2 pound monstrosity.  The burgers are well portioned and made with care.  The sweet potato fires are an absolute highlight.  Get them...now!  The shakes are also fairly well done and with the added bonus of the option to make them adult.  They will make any shake boozy.  All you have to do is ask.  Their brunch is not bad either.  The menu is not extensive, but they do have a make your own bloody marry bar for $8 and $10 bottomless mimosas from 10AM-3PM.  Unfortunately my wife did have a very dry and not very flavorful turkey sausage breakfast sandwich.  I will overlook this as the breakfast potatoes were excellent with the sriracha aioli.  The service however was merely adequate.  They never seemed to care if or when food or drinks arrived and never made any objective effort to notice if you needed anything unless flagged down multiple times.  Overall, this place is still growing into its own.  I imagine it will only get better as it figures out what it wants to be (hip, retro, mod?).  DLUX is solid if all you want is a good upscale burger and a decent drink.
3	I am really torn over DLUX. There are certain things I love about it and certain things about this place that really disappoint me. Proof - Things I like about DLUX 1. The atmosphere is really stellar. Minus the 3 creepy paintings on the wall, I really love the decor. And I'm never terribly impressed with most Madison decor, but I love the reds and seating around a large, central bar.2. AMAZING milkshakes. They are so damn good. Try the salted caramel. And you can make it "boozy".3. Delicious homemade mixed drink taps. That's right. Mixed.drinks.on.tap. Delish.4. Very clean space, very professional staff.Things I don't like about DLUX1. We were sat strangely. I went with a group of friends and they put us at a table clearly meant for 6 when there were 7 of us. That means 4 of us had to squeeze in on the booth side. Not cool. We were even there at an off time and it wasn't crazy busy. I would like to enjoy my food without bumping my neighbor. 2. Food is inconsistent. My friends really liked their burgers, but my breakfast sandwich was dry and mediocre. 3. Considering the crowd I also expected service to be a little more attentive.Overall, I feel that DLUX could be really great if they worked on a couple of things.
4	Go -- you'll feel young and hip...even if you're old and a square like me. Hits: house sodas,  every burger, sweet potato fries, bottomless mimosa brunch, great staff, and great food -- all thanks to a spot on management team. Misses: TVs -- but that is just a personal irritation. Most people probably love them. If nothing else, it allows for sporting updates.  Hints: Try their match dot somm events - a night of junk food and wine. what could be better? also they do take out until late -- i think midnight, but that needs to be verified.
5	Best Burger Place in Town!Came here with a friend for lunch and it was excellent! The atmosphere makes you feel upscale in a casual setting, service was superb and the food delicious! I love that you can swap out the burger for a chicken burger or Portobello mushroom for free. The Parmesan & truffle cream fries are a MUST! Or any of their fries for that matter! DLUX is also a member of the food fight restaurant club which is great! I don't go out for lunch very often during work but will be coming back here soon it was so good!
4	I went here for brunch, and the make your own Bloody Mary bar definitely solidified a 4 star rating over a 3-3.5 range rating. Delicious garnishes! I was starving when we got there and had to wait for friends to arrive, so that definitely helped ;-)I'm not a beef eater, so I was THRILLED to have the option of subbing a chicken burger on any of their burgers. A+ for that. While almost certainly premade and frozen, the chicken burger (with a fried egg) was absolutely delicious. The sweet potato fries are the best I've had (except for Alchemy, but theirs are very different) and a must have menu item.The shake I had was absolutely delicious, although some of my table mates were slightly disappointed with theirs. We all got different ones, the Espresso one and Salted Caramel seemed to be the favorites. My main complaint is that for $5, the shakes are pretty small. I shared one with my husband (usually that is plenty), but it was tiny. Definitely not like going to Monty's and getting a huge metal cup plus a glass with shake in it. You are getting 10 or 12 oz at the most, don't get too excited. Everything else was very reasonably priced so it just seemed odd. In sum, if I hadn't gone for brunch and gotten the Bloody Mary bar, I'd probably give this place a 3. The burgers are good, the fries are great, the shakes are generally good but overpriced for what they are. Definitely not your traditional "burger and shake" joint, I guess that is kinda their whole schtick, but it is a fun place for a weekend lunch or a casual week day dinner.
5	Hip yet friendly, affordable yet delicious. Doesn't happen often, but I found all of the above at Dlux. Fries, burgers, cocktails- everything I tried was great. I can't wait to go back and try a shake.Oh, and call on your way over- they'll put your name on the wait list. We arrived at 8pm on a Saturday and were seated immediately. Can't beat that!
5	Young, artsy atmosphere that is welcoming to all. The service was fantastic each and every time I have been there, regardless of how busy it was. The portobello caprese sandwich is phenomenal, especially paired with truffle fries and a red velvet milkshake!Can't go wrong here: there are options for everyone, the price is right, and the service and atmosphere are splendid.
1	Apparently publicity is more important than their customer base.
4	I'll admit it: I had my reservations (snobbish as they may have been) about this place before I went for brunch today. I have not had a proper burger there, but the meal I had this morning was outstanding.The DIY bloody mary bar is terrific and must be a bartender's bestest friend. My companions also enjoyed the bottomless Mimosa (dangerous at only $10).The doughnuts are perfection and the strawberry cream cheese glaze on the side is just ridiculous. I wanted to drink a glass of it.The breakfast sandwiches are nothing fancy, they are just awesome sausage and egg sandwiches on soft rolls. It is the sides of potatoes and the four sauces offered (Cheddar/Green Onion, Blue Cheese/Bacon, Parmesan/Truffle, and Sriracha Aioli) that make a really good breakfast sammy an over-the-top, nap-inducing feast of gluttony.LOVED BRUNCH.
5	I'm honestly torn between a 4 and 5 because 5("perfect") seems really unrealistic for anywhere I've been. Greats1. Saturday/Sunday brunch stuff. 10am-3pm. I feel like I shouldn't even be saying it because it's already pretty busy and I imagine it'll only be busier this summer. It's annoying to try to get a seat  sometimes but its not due to lack of space..just incredible popularity at the moment.. 2. Bloody Mary Bar. Awesome fun for Bloody Mary fans. $8 adds up quick but it honestly feels fair due to the quality of the ingredients and the mix.3. $10 botomless Mimosas.4. Food Entrees. I'm a vegetarian so I don't share some of the concerns that others have had. I've had both the meatless options that are offered in the "sorta burgers". I can tell they have a good taste and an emphasis on minimalistic/fresh ingredients. I wouldn't say I enjoy them as much as something like Red Robin but I can tell they're "better for me". The southwest bean one might be a tad too spicy for me and I actually tend to like hot food.5. Food Desserts. The donuts with the strawberry glaze was good. Probably the most gluttonous thing I've gotten at a restaurant but awesome. 6. Music - Someone likes Rooney? :P
5	I can't add much that hasn't already been covered in the previous reviews - DLUX really does have great grub. We ordered the parmesan truffle fries + the bleu cheese and bacon fries as appetizers for the table and they were both scrumptious. I don't like bleu cheese and I still liked the fries - a true testament to the power of bacon.My only suggestion is to utilize their call-ahead option. They'll let you put your name on the waiting list via the phone - as long as you show up within an hour of when you called. It's not a true reservation but it really helps on a Friday night when they're quoting a two-hour wait for incoming diners (which elicits some truly priceless facial expressions).
4	One of the key things that can make or break a business for me is how the management team responds to customer feedback. All too often they discount it or seem to ignore it altogether - I can certainly say, in this area, DLUX has got them beat, hands down.After typing a lukewarm comment or two about the mediocre service I received at DLUX I received an immediate (perhaps it was 45 seconds, but no more than that) message from one of the owners, empathizing with the situation, asking for more info, and very kindly inviting us back for another round.  It was impressive... so how could we resist heading back??Round two was great.  A lively, modern space, DLUX impresses when it comes to ambiance.  The place has had a wee bit of a wait on both of the weeknights we've been there, which is not surprising given that the place is not as big as it appears from the outside.  Love the decor and lighting, it pulses with urban energy.  Purse hooks tucked under the bar are always a nice touch, as is validated parking at one of the nearby ramps (be sure to refer to the website to make sure you park in the right one!) The large 4-sided bar is the centerpiece of the restaurant, literally, and semi-circle booths and small rectangular tables line three of the walls, leaving a small front area open for a happy hour crowd standing and mingling.  Patio tables out front offer an urban dining experience, which I definitely enjoy.  We had Lola B. Dog with us and the DLUX staff graciously accommodated her on the patio, even offering water. The menu is primarily burgers, with a few salads (all of which included meat, although you can ask for it without and they'll also knock $2 off the price if you do that, so that's appreciated) Plenty of vegetarian options with the burgers, as they allow a free substitution to a portabella on any of their tasty concoctions. There is also a Portabella Caprese burger on the menu along with a White Bean burger, which was excellent.  We also tried the special of the day, which was a falafal burger - it was quite good, but be warned, on the spicy side!  The size of the burgers were good for me, but probably a tad small for a strapping lad who may want to opt for the upgrade to a double (+$3). No sides come with these burgers (all $8) so if you want fries with that plan on +$2.  I'm fine with that, I don't need/want a pound of fries with my dinner anyways!Service was good on our recent visit and the hostess was charming, even double-checking with her manager that we could have the dog on the patio (which we could as long as she didn't get under foot, of course).  The interest in customer service management takes is what trickles down to the staff and in this case DLUX seems to be off to a good start.  A nice lively, modern, urban addition to downtown.
3	Not the absolutely best burger but a fun selection of styles. Atmosphere is collegiate chic, which is to say, cool enough but full of kids. It also looks shockingly like Ocean's Grill which is weird to me because if I opened a new joint I would be all about redecorating.Milkshakes are a delightful menu option.Sweet potato fries with spicy mayo dip? Yes please and thank you.Would do again in hopes that I'd be tempted to go for another start. I think this place is upwardly mobile.
2	Here's my beef:1) These guys advertise themselves with this motto in tow: "Burgers, Cocktails, and General Swank..." The thing is, if you have to advertise the presence of swank in your establishment, there's some trying too hard going on. It's sorta like having to explain a joke after telling it. I've had to explain jokes before. It's not cool...or swanky.2) I ordered a cocktail while seated in one of their booths and when the waitress delivered it, there was a fly hanging out in the bottom of my glass. The waitress was super apologetic about it when I introduced her to my dead, floaty friend but I was turned off nonetheless.3) Tipsy Cow, Graze, Merchant...they're all right down the street. And they will serve me a burger medium-rare. That's considerate.Real talk.
4	Went here for brunch on Saturday morning around 11am. We sat at the bar-like seating at the window, and had pretty excellent service. The MAJOR highlight for me was the DIY Stoli Bloody Mary bar. Here's the low-down: -$8, which sounds pricey, but...-You can choose between plain and jalapeno vodka, and then you go up to the bar and create your own! -There are two mixes: plain tomato/veggie juice and doctored-up garlicky tastiness. ---There's also plenty of Worcester, Siracha, Tobasco, etc. sauces (plus horseradish, a pepper mill, etc. etc.) in case it's not EXACTLY as you want it. -Then come the garnishes, which could make an entire meal in and of themselves. To give you an idea of the selection, here's what i can remember: bacon, cheese-stuff olives, pimento-stuffed olives, pickles, asparagus, two kinds of cheese, pepperoni, a meat stick, cucumber, sweet red pepper...um, yeah. It's intense. The other highlight of our meal were the doughnut balls. Oh. My. Science. These were incredible. Served hot, covered in powdered sugar, and with a side of raspberry-yogurt dipping sauce...and only $5 for 8 of these, which are basically about two bites each. The reason for 4 stars and not 5? I got a breakfast sandwich with a portabella mushroom, fried egg, and I believe some kind of sauce...and it's was just kinda meh. Not terrible, but I was expecting it to pack a lot more flavor. The side of potatoes was a lot more exciting.
3	A friend recommended this place for brunch while I was visiting Madison. The bloody mary bar was pretty cool with plenty of toppings. The breakfast sandwiches seemed to lack flavor. Overall, I was disappointed with the sandwiches and expected better.  However, I would come back for the bloody mary bar :)
5	My 5 star review is based on two things:Bloody Mary Bar: OUTSTANDING. I was full before I got my meal. Seriously.The Mini Donuts: Absolutely delicious. We almost ordered a second basket of them.The rest of our brunch was good, but I would go back just for those two things and be completely satisfied.
5	The red velvet milkshake just exploded in my mouth! Super crazy delicious it's a must! The burger is one of the beats I've had along w the seasoned chips. Super excited to come here again!
3	Average. Place looks nice but they seem to charge a bit more and I assume it is the decor. Probably would visit again but not to often. $15-$20 a person for lunch is a bit pricy to me for a burger, fries and a soda.
5	This has quickly become one of my favorite places in Madison and I'm surprised I haven't been on Yelp to review it sooner.  I've been 4-5 times in the last year and every visit has been fantastic.Everything here is spot on.  They have a cool downtown night-life feel, with excellent industrial and graphic design for everything from the outside sign to the booths to the food presentation.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable from my experiences, the drinks are great and include a lot of their own interesting creations that make you want to order them, and the food is D-licious.Speaking of the food, it's an unbelieveable value.  Burgers are all around $8 each (which is what they specialize in), with sides being $3-4.  For a fancy downtown joint the prices are unheard of, so we've capitalized on this by making it our go-to spot before going to the bars or comedy club.  And the burgers are scrumptious, I love the Carolina coleslaw BBQ Burger and the (California?) Burger with fried egg.  The parmesean truffle fries are ridiculously mouth-watering and the sweet potato siracha ones are pretty high class as well.  I wish I could find the recipe for both sauces, although I'd probably eat way too much of it then.  The portions are also perfectly sized so that you are plenty full but not spilling out the sides of your pants.  Lastly, they have a burger of the month now, the last one I had was the Taco Burger which more than met my expectations.I can't say enough good things about them, get down there and have a fun night out or just stop in for a quick work lunch, either way hopefully you enjoy it as much as me
5	Dlux won an award it deserved: Madison Magazine's Best New Restaurant. The formula that led to their success is simple: amazingly attentive staff from every part of the house (hosts, bar, servers, and kitchen) + tasty food + fun decor = win.  I predict more awards in the future. Now, go give them your own award in the form of giving them a visit!  (If you need an incentive they have all you can drink recovery brunch and do a fiercely efficient business lunch.)
4	Maybe really deserves more like 3.5 stars. We went on a Saturday because of the bottomless mimosas and DIY Bloody Mary bar, which are pluses. The breakfast sandwiches were just okay. The prices are good. Nice, relaxed atmosphere. Our server was a total bro-type ("hey, cool man, right on") but he took good care of us. I heard their dinner food and milkshakes are ridiculously awesome, so I'll likely go back.
5	I loved everything about this place.It's definitely my new 'go-to' spot downtown. I'm still thinking about the salmon sandwich and the blue cheese & bacon fries. Great atmosphere----they manage to nail that "trendy and fun but still warm and inviting' thing. Bright with lots of windows and a fun view outside. Can't wait to go back and check out the patio!
4	Went here last night with my boyfriend and was not disappointed. It's a pretty small space so expect to wait a little while even if you go there on a week night. The bar is great and drinks are reasonably priced. We didn't get an appetizer but we both had burgers that were very good. He had the classic burger and I had the pimento cheese burger. The pepper jam is to die for! Both of our burgers were a little bit more well done than we would have liked (we like ours medium rare, a little more towards rare), but still good. I am gluten free and was very impressed with their gluten free menu...it's pretty extensive! And they offer gluten free buns which is great and definitely not something you get everywhere. The fries were decent, but as my boyfriend pointed out tasted like something you can buy at the grocery store and make yourself. Didn't get to try a milkshake as we were so full but next time that will definitely be the first thing I order!
5	Coming here after approx. 17 hours of fasting, so we expected to have something beyond good to conquer our hunger and thirst. Having read some good reviews, we were planning to give DLUX a try! And here is how our story at Dlux started....Welcomed by a male wait staff, we were seated at the corner. I took a look at the space, interior, decoration. As a no bar person, I didn't feel intimidated at all with their overall interior.  They do have a bar but the restaurant (as a place to have a proper meal, not only drinks) stands out too. The ambience feels so romantic with only little lit and people eating there seemed to enjoy their food and their conversation. Right after we sat, the waitress came with two glasses of water. Her name is Colleen and she's been awesome since the beginning till the end of our dinner session. She explained today's special: some beef burger (with ham, too bad for us) and Pistachio milkshake! yay! I ordered that special milkshake and hubby ordered the salted caramel one. Two of them rocked! But still, everything with Pistachio is good and that was like the best milkshake ever---- the Pistachio milkshake highlighted our evening.We started our meal session by having the french onion dip. It came in a big portion so hubby and I could share. It was another good choice. Colleen was being very awesome and accommodating when I told her that we couldn't have something with pork. She came up with another yet also flavorful burger. So, our main dishes were shrimp burger and portabella mushroom burger, with the sweet potatoes with mayo as the side dish. Hubby loved the sweet potatoes, which came in a medium size. During our meal, she always made sure that all was well and our glasses refilled. Overall, our story at DLUX was a happy ending one: We had an awesome waitress, and the drinks and meals we ordered were THE BOMB. IT WAS a D(e)LUX(e) dining experience. Till next time, Dlux! We'll def. be back :)
5	We went there for dinner the other night  after my husband saw they had a mention in Madison Magazine.  The place was pretty quiet (as to be expected for a Tuesday) and we were seated right away.  The atmosphere is decent- decor is modern and trendy- my only complaint was that we were seated in a corner and it was pretty dark- there were no lamps or candles or anything, so the space felt kind of cold and bland. Other parts of the restaurant seemed to have better lighting.Our waiter was pretty attentive and our food came very quickly- we were actually surprised at how fast it was.  We ordered the Dlux burger and the Farmhouse burger and a large order of the fries with parmesan and a creamy truffle sauce.  I also had one of the house sodas (the strawberry and ginger one) and my husband had a beer. The food was very good. The Dlux burger was pretty messy to eat because it had a soft cheese on it, so it was pretty gooey, and the Farmhouse burger was also tasty.  The fried green tomato was an especially nice addition.  The fries were also very good, but needed to be eaten with a fork because they were fairly messy.  And the strawberry-ginger soda was tasty and refreshing, though next time I would order it with only a little ice- the way it was, it was mostly ice and very little soda, and what little soda there was got watered down very quickly. Overall we thought the food was good and the prices were very reasonable.  The portions are not gigantic (which I like), but someone who is looking for a more hearty meal may want to order a side or two.  We were too full for dessert, but I am definitely interested in going back to try the Sassy Cow milkshakes. Also, note that they do validate parking if you park in the ramp around the corner from the restaurant.
5	This is the best burger I have had in town. I have been to dotty's and the old fashion. The place was crowded and I did not have to wait long. Me and my gf both got burgers and they were cooked perfectly. We also got sweet potato fries with the siracha aoli. That was great as wellThe service was great, the crowd is generally 20=30 year old professional. The place looks more modern which is great if you want something different than the usual pub look.
3	I like my burgers medium rare. Yes, I like it pink in the middle. Something about the possibility of getting e. coli really turns me on. And you know what? If you like your burger all dry and tasteless, that's cool. It's just not for me. Unfortunately, DLUX cooks their burgers to medium well, and that is a damn shame. I would like them a whole lot better if they would offer customers the choice of how long their burger is cooked, but they don't. Even putting Sriracha on my DLUX burger with its creamy blue cheese spread and onion marmalade didn't do it for me. It still tasted dry. I will say that the bun they used held up to all the condiments they put on there and didn't get soggy and fall apart. Props for that.However, they do make up for a disappointing burger in other ways. Their salted caramel milkshake is solid, and the cheddar cheese and green onion fries are delicious. Womp womp on the burger though. 3.5 stars.
4	What impressed me about the burgers here was the balance of ingredients. I got the signature DLUX burger, and found that no single ingredient overpowered another (even with a strong blue cheese dressing).  With other burgers you often get too much bun, or too much meat, etc; here, everything was evenly proportioned. My wife had the same thing to say about the whitefish/shrimp sandwich, a surprising delight that I will have to order for myself next time.  Okay, I concur I would rather have my burger a little rarer. But while the locally-farmed quality meat is a strong selling point, it's really the mix of all fresh ingredients (like nicely mixed arugula greens) that is the focus here. The sharp cheddar/green onion fries were also delicious, though rather soggy. I would encourage the cooks to make sure the potatoes are good and crispy before dousing them with fixin's.  Didn't get to the milkshakes, will have to try those at our next visit.The vibe is urban cool, though more "family-friendly" than I expected. Bar is nice and large, and dominates the space . . . we will likely just perch ourselves there next time and continue to sample this compelling burger menu.
5	Super impressed after my last visit to Dlux! It was a Saturday night around 8pm and after trying two other places that had a huge wait, we walked over to DLux. Plenty of room at the bar, we all ordered drinks, then were seated within 5 minutes. We ordered the corn dip to start, still delicious. I tried the Farmhouse burger and it was AWESOME!!! The tomato jam really made it special, as well as the fried green tomato on top (and of course, don't forget the bacon!).Were ordered small orders of all the fries to share and they were delicious, as usual. The service was prompt and attentive. I'd love to try this place for brunch some day!
4	Had the Backyard BBQ burger which was not too bad. The highlights were the Chocolate Peanut Butter Pretzel shake with the Bleu Cheese and Bacon fries. Salty, sweet, cheezy and BACON! What more do you need?
5	Visited DLUX with my wife for a late night Saturday dinner when passing though the Madison area. First off, the ambiance was awesome. The decor is very modern and the lighting is very cool. I also noticed the excellent music playlist that was going, it sounded just like a playlist that I would have put together. The music was loud enough to create a mood, but quiet enough as to not make conversation difficult at the table.The food was also excellent. I got a mushroom and swiss burger that was fantastic. Truffle fries...also fantastic. My wife got the Green Goddess salad, which she very much enjoyed.Good service and reasonably priced. Would definitely go back!
4	DLUX has a unique selection of burgers.  My favorites are the DLUX and the Backyard BBQ burgers. The buns which are toasted on the inside, yet soft and fluffy on the outside.  The buns hold up well which is a must when you're enjoying a juicy burger loaded with goodies.  (One thing to be aware of is that all burgers are cooked to one temperature, so don't expect to order your burger medium rare.) The Parmesan truffle fries and sweet potato fries are my favorite sides. On the weekend, you can get delicious breakfast potatoes which are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside...add the Parmesan truffle sauce and you will not be disappointed.The shakes are a nice treat. My favorite is the chocolate peanut butter pretzel shake with bourbon. Tip: On the weekends, they have bottomless mimosas and a build your own Bloody Mary bar.
2	This place is hit or miss.  I've been here a total of 4 times and 2 of those were bad experiences.  When they are good, they are good.  But when they are bad, well you're just stuck over paying for a burger you could have gotten at Culver's.
3	This place has interesting burgers.  The patties are cooked the same way (done) and the flavors come from the stuff they put on the beef and not from the beef itself.  They are fun burgers and I have eaten three of them and will eat another one at some point.  Milkshakes are also good, but they are yuppiefied milk shakes.  I'm not quite sure what they are going for in terms of ambiance and theme.  The interior has this trendy vibe with red and black interior and low lighting but it also has this sports bar feel with the tv's.  Its' like it can't quite decide what they are going for.  This place is good and on a Wednesday night when Graze, Coopers, and The Old Fashion are all slammed, you can walk over and get a table at DLUX.  I'm not sure how Madison Mag had them as the best new restaurant in town, but it is solid.
4	I went for lunch with my wife. She had a burger, I had a chicken sandwich. Both were fresh and tasted good. The blue cheese bacon fries were freaking awesome. Lastly the shakes were delicious. I'm not one to put a lot of odd stuff in my shake. They were very accommodating when I asked them to omit an ingredient. My wife got shake as is. Both were GREAT. I was skeptical of this place initially, but was glad I went. We'll definitely go back.
4	Easy peezy lemon squeezy: Every burger is 8 bucks. Pick the one you want and order it. The pimento cheese sauce on the pimento burger was so good I would like to spoon it. That's love right there, folks. Ditto for the sriracha mayo that comes with the crispy-to-perfection sweet potato fries. Condiment heaven. Spooning paradise. The burger itself was ok -- a little thin and too heavy on the salt with its seasoning -- but the fresh-baked bun, crispy bacon, fresh veggies and that pimento sauce, oh that sauce, save it like a good band saves a so-so singer. The strawberry ginger soda beat the valencia crush in the house-made soda challenge hosted by us, at our table. The burger joint in a swanky, former upscale venue feels ironic. I live for irony. Maybe that's why I give DLUX four spoons, errr, stars.
3	I had dinner on a busy Saturday evening with my husband.  I got the salmon-burger and the sweet potato fries.  It was good, but it didn't blow me away.  The service was excellent, but  I would like the atmosphere better if the music wasn't blaring.  Sometimes I think restaurants try too hard to be hip.  I'd go back, but I'd try something different.
5	Let me preface: I am a fan of burgers with wacky crap on them.  Sure, there are places I go when I am seeking the sort of "pure, holy" cheeseburger experience (sorry Wisconsinites who will never see a Dick's Drive-In), but mostly, I want cheeseburgers with weird toppings.  To me, that is what the cheeseburger is about: creativity.  And DLUX is doing creative cheeseburgers like nobody else I know of in Wisconsin, and better than even some of my favorites in Seattle.FH and I came here during a relatively slow time between lunch and dinner (around 2:00pm-ish on a Thursday).  We were greeted warmly and attended to promptly.  I got one of the grapefruit-lime homemade sodas and the FH got a red velvet milkshake based on the waiter's recommendation.  The soda was tasty, but probably my least favorite aspect of the meal, as the grapefruit flavor was much weaker than I expected.  Milkshake was phenom, and pretty much tasted like liquified cake and ice cream.But the burgers.  The Burgers.  The.  BURGERS.  FH got the Pimento Cheeseburger, with perfectly cooked crisp bacon and wonderful homemade pimento cheese, creating a flavorful, playful take on the classic cheeseburger.  For me, however, their September burger of the month, a pear-and-brie concoction with bacon-pear marmalade was one of the best burgers I have ever had.  Gooey, melty brie and fresh, fruity pears blended perfectly with their well-seasoned beef patty and fluffy-yet-sturdy bun that managed to hold together under some pretty runny conditions.  I am tearing up a bit just thinking about it.  The flavors worked so exceptionally well together; whoever came up with that one deserves a medal.  As a caveat, the patties are cooked on the medium-well side, but I did not find them overdone or dry at all.  However, for those who like a pinker burger, you may have to make a request otherwise.And the fries!  The thick, perfectly cooked fries would have been enough by themselves, but we got them in blue cheese/bacon and sharp cheddar/green onion varieties.  I thought they would just be sprinkled with toppings, but, as it turns out, these fries are covered in cheese sauce.  Creamy, delicious cheese sauce + amazing toppings = true french fry love.  They also layer the fries with the sauces and toppings just enough so that you don't end up with too many naked fries, which I thought was a nice touch.Oh, and for the whole thing, we paid just over $30 before tip.  Are you serious?!  DLUX, you make me wish I still lived in Madison again, just a little bit.
4	We had a fantastic dinner here! I ordered mushroom Swiss burger and it was tasty. My sangria was also pretty darn food. The fries, though, we're the real stars of the meal! Our group split three  types: sweet potato with Sriracha mayo, Parmesan and truffle cream fries, and bacon blue cheese fries. Oh my goodness. I can't wait to come back for a few drinks and a lot of fries!!
5	Wow, DLux not only has good burgers, but they also serve up a mean brunch!Bloody Mary bar with accoutrements galore...bacon, pepperoni, blue cheese stuffed olive, cheese, sausage, artichoke, green beans, and the list goes on. And $10 bottomless mimosas. What a deal! The breakfast sandwiches are delicious and incorporate the same unique toppings as the burgers (such as sriracha mayo and apple butter). Order potatoes to share with one of the yummy sauces (truffle what???). I already plan to go back with a group of friends next Sunday!
4	DLUX has great burgers and even better fries. I've been here a number of times and I have never had a bad time or meal. The same goes for the drinks - their specialty cocktails are always mixed perfectly.
4	Met some good friends here after work on a Friday a while back. Sat outside on the 'patio' seating in front. Very nice area and the weather was excellent - so that didn't hurt. After a few beers which were outstanding - we tried a few items from their menu. We shared the Cheesy Spinach & Artichoke option from the Apps. Veggies and garlic crostini with a nice dip. I'm not a big broccoli fan, so I stuck with the carrots and crostini. It was good, not great but decent. Then we tried a few burgers. I got the Sunrise - fried egg, pepperjack cheese, housemade tomato jam and shoestring potatoes. It was really excellent - the tomato jam was a bit odd - but definitely unique and yummy. The bun was very fresh and the burger was top notch. I hope to try more of their burgers down the road. Some of our friends tried their shakes. Guess they had them before and raved about the Chocolate Peanut Butter Pretzel shake. Didn't try but it looked good.
5	I am so obsessed with DLUX.I've been here for dinner and brunch and both are excellent. All of the burgers are delicious and really reasonably priced. Do yourself a favor and get the parmesan and truffle fries. Actually all of the specialty fries are awesome, but those are by far the best. Milkshakes are also awesome. I had the toasted marshmallow and it may have been the best thing I've ever eaten. It even came with two actual toasted marshmallows on top.Brunch is simple but delicious. You can get the same fry options on your breakfast potatoes and they are just as good. Plus they have $10 bottomless mimosas which is basically all I want out of life. Shout out to Jamie who is our waitress almost every time we (get obnoxiously drunk) eat brunch there. She's great, super friendly and efficient. She keeps the mimosas coming so we love her. Overall, a great place for dinner or brunch. Friendly quick service, quirky/artsy atmosphere, and delicious food for cheap. Daaa best. Plus their patio is nice in the summertime.
5	Absolutely love the food!  Great variety of diverse flavored burgers.  Truffle fries are great.  Milkshakes...yum!  Priced well.  Always my go to place for burgers.
4	DLUX is the type of restauant every city needs. It's a burger joint that can satisfy everyone's tastebuds. They have sorta burgers (non-beef patties), vegetarian and a gluten free menu. 8 bucks a burger and 2.5 for small order of fries. It's really all you need and worth it especially when ordering a sorta burgers with a side of fries (I think). Sorta burgers have ingredients you don't normally find at any burger joint and they are delicious. Whitefish and shrimp with asian slaw, Portobello caprese, white bean with tortilla strips...it goes on. And select any of their fries, you'd be happy with whatever you get. My fave is the sweet potato fries with sriracha mayo. Oh man, now I'm craving it again!Dlux is definitely one of my all time fave...been there a thousand times!http://www.getnmahbelly.com/2012/10/dlux-innovative-burgers-and-more/
4	Went here for brunch today. The donuts were awesome, the sweet potato fries were awesome, and the sriracha mayo was awesome. The sunrise burger was a little strange because it was too sweet. The Parmesan truffle cream fries were too saucy and got kind of soggy. The sausage breakfast sandwich was good but nothing special. For the prices, the food was very good. The bottomless mimosa deal is really good.
4	If you're looking for something super greasy, the brunch here is for you. Located on the Capitol square in Madison, Dlux is situated in a great location. My friends and I came here for their highly reputed "bottomless mimosa" brunch on a Saturday morning, and there were some nice parts of the experience and some less nice parts. I'll start with the letdowns. Coming here on a Saturday morning, I expected the atmosphere to be calm and relaxing. It felt like a club, with the latest pop/electronic hits playing in the background. Also, someone had recommended the parmesan cream truffle fries, but they did not live up to my expectations. Over a span of 15-20 minutes, the cream sauce on the fries congealed in a non-appetizing fashion. Other than those two things though, I enjoyed Dlux. The donut balls are great. The strawberry cream sauce that accompanied them was super tasty and complemented the indulgent fried dough balls. I got the spicy sausage breakfast sandwich, and the sriracha mayo sauce made the sandwich incredible. I would also recommend getting the sweet potato fries with the aforementioned sriracha mayo dip. I'm a little biased because I love sweet potato fries, but they're worth it.The espresso milkshake was also great. Espresso grinds mixed in with ice cream. Simple and delicious. I didn't have the bottomless mimosas, but they're exactly what I expected: a little diluted but decent.Overall, Dlux was a great place to dine with reasonable prices. Make sure to come before the brunch rush though.
4	Stopped in Sunday for Brunch and left full with a healthy alcohol induced glow so mission accomplished.  Probably the best value out there are the $10 bottomless mimosas.  My brunch date went with that option as I went to the Build your Own Bloody Mary Bar.  Other than the kitchen sink, DLUX has every ingredient you could possibly want to throw in a glass. We both went with breakfast sandwiches and split a side of potatoes that came slathered with a scallion and cheese sauce.  While she wasn't as much of a fan of the potatoes, I thought they paired nicely with the sandwich and didn't hesitate to eat them all.  I don't know if this would be my go-to brunch place but it definitely has an appeal. A solid choice.
5	This review is only for burger/fries/shakes - not brunch.Fan-damn-tastic.For what they do....they do it right. Creative burgers and shakes.Great fries.Cool atmosphere.Nothing wrong here AT ALL.
4	Gourmet burgers on the square! Certainly the best burgers for blocks and blocks. Happy hour craft cocktails were nice at a great price. Appetizers were incredible with good variety of classic flavors.
4	Really delicious burgers and fries. I've tried all the fries and they are addicting. My favorite is the sweet potato chipotle fries but the parmesan truffle are pretty great too. I've tried a couple of the burgers and they have all been great, but the Standard is by far the most delicious. They also have pretty good drinks and fancy sodas, like strawberry ginger.My only complaint is that they don't have normal flavored shakes, like chocolate and vanilla! The crazy flavors are fun sometimes but sometimes I want to go old school.A fun, low-cost choice for burgers and fries! I definitely want to go back for brunch!
4	This place is right off the square by the Capitol. The ambiance is real intimate. It is mainly a burger place and they have quite a selection. My wife ordered their DLux burger. I tried their mushroom Swiss burger. Both burgers were tender and well put together. The flavors were mild and I could have used some more spice, salt, or something to get some more flavor out of it. My friends ordered the Peanut Butter Jelly burger (burger of the week?) and their Carolina BBQ burger. The PB&J is not for anyone who doesn't LOVE peanut butter. The BBQ burger looked the best and will be the burger for me to try next time. The place also has delicious milkshakes made from Sassy Cow ice cream. The flavor of the month is the peppermint shake. This was the highlight of the meal!Overall, this is a great burger place for a fine dining establishment! I will be returning.
4	I ended up coming here because Graze and other sit down restaurants had long waits that night.I'm going to describe this place as a very hip, sleek, modern burger joint. I mean I understand the demographic may want burgers but I was shocked when I saw the menu.I tried to fight the system and have a salmon sandwich. Was ok. And what are these reviews about incredible sweet potato fries? Can you even mess those up? Here's the secret: they're fried.I will admit they may have some of the best bartenders though. Extremely attentive because they don't just allow the mass of people in. Great service.TL;DR - take a date here if your lady is into good booze and a burgers...
1	So I love this place as a restaurant but my opinion for their events has completely changed.  JUST TO CLARIFY: This review is about their event not their restaurant.  The restaurant, day to day, I love.I went to their New Year's Eve party.  I was just not impressed.  First of all, I did a reserved table.  There was one server for three tables.  Perfect.  LOOOVED ERIC!  I thought it was awful that the table next to us (which was for four people), really had him serving like ten of their friends as well.  This made our service slow and he was overworked.The special bottle of champagne we received with the table was awful.  As a wine and champagne lover, I could not even drink it.  It was disgusting.  The music was boring.  It was supposed to be great dance music with some 80's mixed in.  It was techno versions of great songs.  Every time a person put in a request, the DJ's girlfriend laughed about it and then they ignored it.  It was awful.  They were bo-ring.When I read about the drink packages and called for further information, we were told that cocktails would include rail options and a select premium number of items.  My friend could not even get an amaretto and coke as part of her $65 ticket.  Kind of terrible?  Huh?I would not go there for events.  They are price gouging and it is just not worth it.  Oh and I spoke to three people about the music.  Sucked.  I am using very non-productive words.  I get it.  However, I am unable to accurately express myself over my disappointment.
5	Dined at DLUX on a recommendation from my mother, was not disappointed. Only a short walk from our stay at the Madison Concourse hotel.The menu isn't huge, but is very adequate.  Everything on it is pretty affordable, with gourmet burgers being the main option at only $8. They don't allow a lot of changes to the burgers, but they're so good you won't care. Be sure to snag some sweet potato fries, they're some of the best I've had (and they give you the perfect amount).  If you're feeling sweet, snag a Red Velvet Shake, or a Krambach beer. Both went amazing with my Mushroom and Swiss.The atmosphere is great too, very modern. Everything just seems new and fresh.  The draft beer prices are reasonable, but Miller Lite and similar brands run high at $4.  Honestly that's my only complaint.Service was polite and fast. I'll definitely dine here again.
5	If you like burgers & fries (um, who doesn't?!?), then you need to visit DLUX!We went with a group of 4 & we all got different burgers. We all really enjoyed our burgers. But the real winner from this meal was the fries! DLUX has 4 kinds of specialty fries & we ordered a small order of each. Wow wow wow. The truffle fries were my absolute favorites!Our friend was also celebrating his birthday & got to order a free birthday smoothie. He chose a PB + chocolate smoothie with some booze in it. He made the silly decision to share it with us & I think we drank more of it than he did.DLUX is a winner for a casual dinner. One word of warning: this place is probably not good for a large group. It's kind of small & all of the tables were packed full when we went there.
1	Wow, so I received a comment about by poor review.  It explained that the champagne, which I did not like, sells for $100+.  It is funny that people believe because costs a great deal then it must be good.  I am clearly offended that because I wrote in a review that I did not like the flavor, a business would remind me of its cost.  Please read with sarcasm: If something has a large price tag then it must be good.Not to mention none of the other issues mentioned were addressed.
4	Milkshakes, burgers, and fries. All served up in a hip, glittery atmosphere of metallic and glass fixtures that convinces you that you're in some swanky nightclub, much less a burger joint.Though the classiness of the restaurant is fitting, given the level of sophistication that goes into the items on their menu. These aren't just any shakes. These are chocolate peanut butter pretzel, red velvet, blackberry, vanilla coconut, and pumpkin cheesecake shakes. Whoaaa man! And yes, I've tried them all. The burgers aren't any less fancy. Believe me as I've sampled quite a few:-The mushroom and swiss melt of mushrooms and caramelized onions, swiss cheese and truffle cream sauce. I've had this guy with both the regular burger and with the chicken burger and both were delish.-The standard burger of butter lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, American cheese, and mayonnaise is rock solid for those less adventurous types. It's okay. We know you're out there. -The farmhouse burger of monterey jack, fried green tomato, bacon, and baby greens with a side of tomato jam is unique, in a good way, of course. I loved the crispness that the fried tomato supplied to the dish and the slight sweetness of the tomato jam.-The sunrise burger of fried egg, pepperjack cheese, housemade tomato jam, and shoestring potatoes is also good. I'm quite glad DLUX jumped on the whole burger/fried egg bandwagon. Power couple, mmmhm!The FRIESSSS. You really can't go wrong. Every option is a winner. The Parmesan and Truffle Cream Fries are bangin. The Sweet Potato & Sriracha Mayo Fries are like wuttttt. And don't forget the Sharp Cheddar & Green Onion Fries...helloooo. The straight up sandwiches here are also quite good.One that I found to be quite tasty was the bacon, double egg & cheesy breakfast sandwich of crispy bacon, american cheese, TWO fried eggs, and sharp cheddar cheese. It's only available on their "Weekend Recovery" menu, so it's more of a brunchy/breakfasty dish (hence the lack of actual burger). Still, yum.Their california chicken club of butter lettuce, monterey jack, tomato, bacon and avocado-ranch spread is also one that I'd recommend. Basically, get a burger, get some fries, and no matter how snug those pants are hugging ya, DON'T PASS UP ON THE SHAKES. *unbuttoning those jeans may be necessary.
5	Great food, and great selection of beer and cocktails. I'd describe it as designer burgers, if that were a thing.Everyone in my group had a different burger. Sunrise, Mushroom & Swiss, and the DLUX Burger. I tried each one, and they were all delicious. I wouldn't change a thing; I'm probably going to order something new every single time I go. The cheddar & green onion fries were also great for splitting with the group.I would also recommend their "shot in the dark 2.0." The ginger beer (which they brew themselves, according to the bartender) completely made the drink.
5	Hands-down the most mouthwatering Bloody Mary bar in town. I am salivating just  picturing it to accurately describe its glory. After you pick your poison - regular or spicy jalapeno vodka - the real fun begins. You can use their Dlux fully-loaded mix or concoct your own elixir to tickle your fancy. Try to remember not to be gluttonous (yet) because this is one of those rare times in life when you'll prefer your glass not filled to the brim with liquid. The small fixins' buffet you're about to embark on warrants its own empty glass...or casserole dish. They've got the usuals - pickles, olives, appropriate citrus wedges, etc. but the magic is in the little extras: pickled veggies, raw veggies, Wisconsin cheese cubes, perfectly sized sausages, miniature surf n turf, tiramisu, tears from a virgin, and last, but certainly not least, an epic heaping pile of greasy bacon just patiently and valiantly waiting to be consumed with gusto. Besides the obvious embellishments (can you spot the fibs?), and all kidding aside, this is what bars in heaven must be like. Not to mention $10 bottomless - and I mean truly without bottom - mimosas that seem to refill themselves instantaneously. Don't even get me started on the sausage breakfast sandwiches and loaded breakfast potatoes...unless...how much time do you have?
4	Good burgers, nice bun.  Their shakes are quite good but too thin for my tastes.  The menu is fairly creative - not a boring burger joint.  Everything I've had from here tastes delicious and is at a reasonable price.  Their Cuban burger was excellent and I'd love to try their brunch.
3	Definitely the place to go for Sunday brunch! However, late brunch-ers, beware! At 11AM, all the tables were full and there was a wait time of 45 minutes for a party of two. We ended up eating at the bar, which wasn't a big deal, and still relatively comfortable, but if you are brunching with a large party and would prefer a table, you definitely want to get there early!The $10 bottomless mimosas at DLUX can NOT be beat. Bottomless mimosas are usually upwards of $20 at most places that I've been to/heard of, so $10 is a fantastic deal! Oh, and they are VERY liberal with the champagne! ;) (Believe me, I sat at the bar right next to where they were making the pitchers of mimosas.) You definitely don't want to plan for doing work right after a few rounds! Unfortunately, I wasn't a huge fan of the Ginger Salmon burger that I ordered (hence the three stars). In particular, I was a little weirded out that the salmon wasn't a fillet (which is how I've usually had salmon burgers in the past). Instead, the patty is made up of mashed salmon bits...which I found kind of strange. I did like the flavor of the burger, but I think it could have been a little heavier on the toppings and a little lighter on the buns.Next time, I think I will have to try one of the regular beef burgers instead!
2	Expensive and not very good. We had 4 burgers - 3 of us thought they were pretty tasteless and the 4th one liked it, but it wasn't worth the money. There are much better burgers in Madison. The space was energetic, but they need to do something about the sound level (put in some soft surfaces to absorb the noise). We had to yell to hear each other, and could not hear the waiter at all.
4	Would like a few healthier options. I understand it is a burger joint, but....Truffle fries are absolutely amazing! Yum yum!The shakes look good too. I can't wait to go back to try the different flavors. Hip atmosphere on weekends and nights!!!
4	Good drinks and good brunch food. I've been here twice for the Weekend Recovery and once for late-night drinks. It's always good service, good people, good food; however, my only qualm is that it's so small! This means that the wait is always long and the bar area is usually packed. I hate not being able to move when out at a bar for casual drinks, so that's an issue. Their drinks are so yummy, though, that it's easy to forgive. I would suggest trying the Sugar Mama - delicious grapefruit!Would come here for dinner and drinks or midday brunch on a weekend.
3	I went for brunch on a Sunday. Had the bacon egg sandwich, regulars breakfast potatoes. My friend also got a chocolate peanut butter pretzel milkshake. Egg sandwich was okay. Description said fried egg, which I usually take to mean a non runny yoke, but apparently I'm wrong. The bun is super soft and just becomes soggy. Im not looking to have another one anytime soon. I'm from the east coast where breakfast sandwich are a way of life, so my standards might just be higher. The breakfast potatoes were awesome. They are deep fried, which I liked but my friend did not. Just a matter of preferences. The milkshake was hands down outrageously delicious. Service was great. I'm only giving three stars because I was not impressed and was expecting a more classic brunch spot.
2	I realize I'm going against thee grain here, but I was not impressed with my first DLUX experience.  I was told by a friend from work to go there, and when my brother was in town on business, I suggested meeting up there on a weekday after work.  Cool location off the square, trendy decor, great menu with a good selection beers and  burgers (but no onion rings?  Really??), and had a cool waiter.  All set for a good burger, right?  Eh.I had ordered a special of the week, which was a Cuban burger.  I was looking forward to a big juicy, cheesy burger with a little spice and great condiments, however, what I got was a small, dry sandwich.  The bun seemed like it was dried out, and was not toasted or grilled or buttered or anything.  The patty seemed like it came out of a freezer package.  The only silver lining was the fries that we shared which were delicious.   I told my friend about my experience and he was shocked.  I really am hoping that it was just an anomaly.   I think I must try their brunch soon and jump back on the bandwagon.  I'm a sucker for Bloody's!
5	Sunday brunch here is a must, bottomless mimosas is always a lot of fun!  I recently went for dinner for the first time and had a great experience as well.  I have yet to have a bad meal at Dlux.
5	I have been here many times in the past 7 months. The farmhouse burger is fabulous, love the sauce that comes with the sweet potato fries and saving room for a shake is a must! Remember you can order your burger the temp you want. The first few times I forgot, now it makes it perfect!Great for date night, dinner with the family, groups, any occasion.
4	Well someone has to say it, DLUX is DLICIOUS!   The menu is not extensive by any means-but from what I can tell, what they do, they do well.  We ordered the parmesan fries, sweet potato fries, backyard bbq burger and the green goddess salad.  Everything was excellent.  The parmesan fries didn't get finished but every other plate was licked clean!  The bbq burger had the perfect amount of bbq sauce, the sweet potato fries were nice and crispy and the salad had the best honey cilantro dressing.  I can't wait to come back for a boozy brunch with bottomless mimosas.
5	I love DLUX! This is the burger place that Madison has needed for such a long time. If you're bored with the same old greasy burgers served around the downtown bars, then head over there for an awesome burger. Their fries are to die for and the drinks are always great (they did take away the gin and cucumber juice cocktail though).The vibe is great, the service is great, and the whole place is a great place to be on any day during the week.
4	While visiting a friend in Madison, we hit up DLUX for burgers and drinks on a Saturday night. We waited about 20 minutes, but managed to snag a huge table to watch the Final Four in comfort. Good start to the evening!While my other girlfriends ordered some amazing burgers, I uncharacteristically chose the Green Goddess salad with steak. We also shared sweet potato fries with siracha mayo and parmessan truffle fries - 3 stars but nice portions. The salad was great - very filling, lots of fresh ingredients. The gals loved their burgers - a salmon creation, Asian-inspired choice, as well as a gluten-free friendly option. Good, original drink options too!All in all a solid spot with good food and a fun atmosphere, and diehard Badgers fans who all fell silent at the buzzer when their beloved Bucky fell by 1 point. What a shame...
4	My wife and I went here on a Friday and we were able to get a seat at the bar right away.  It was our first time here but it won't be our last.  The food was good and the drinks were mixed perfectly.With that said, while this is a 'burger joint,' it's shooting to be a burger with 'class'.  These are not "juicy burgers" with the juices dripping down your forearms as you take your bites.  The burgers are pressed and therefore they only cook them to one temp.  I am a Medium Rare kind of guy and hate a dry burger, yet these folks were able to keep their creations moist while being medium to medium well.  This is definitely a cocktail and tidy chef made burger vs a juicy, greasy beer and burger place.My wife ordered the Farmhouse burger and I ordered the Sunrise.  She really enjoyed hers, and while I did like mine, my only complaint would be that I wish the egg had been cooked sunny side up, so that the yolk would be runny as I bit into it.  These chef creations are unable to be substituted per their menu, but I wish they would create a blue cheese and bacon burger.  We each ordered their french fries with cheese, I got the...blue cheese and bacon fries and she the sharp cheddar and green onion.  Her only complaint is that they add a base layer of 'cheese sauce' under the actual cheese and onion which can make the fries in the middle and bottom overly soggy and mushy.Great bartenders, wonderful mixed cocktails, and a perfect place to take a date and still enjoy a good burger.
3	I live for how swanky and sophisticated the interior is. You never would expect this to be a burger joint considering the look of the restaurant or the formal uniforms the staff wear. Feels kind of nice mowing down on a cheeseburger in what looks to be a 5 star restaurant. Too bad it doesn't quite fit the bill. It's more like a 3.The service was hit and miss. Nothing special. The staff mingled with one another most of the evening at the bar. Had to ask for refills. Service wasn't really engaging, but rather monotone. The food was alright. I had the Sunrise Burger. Although I can see why people would enjoy it, it honestly wasn't my thing. The tomato jam was much too sweet and overpowered the burger. When I found bites without the jam, it tasted as if it was from the dollar menu at McDonald's, really. The sharp cheddar and green onion fries were my meals saving grace. All aside, you can't beat the prices here. Burgers are only $8 with a small side of specialty fries being $3. A dinner date for two only cost 29 bucks not including tip.In the end I think I'm gonna go venture to the gazillion other restaurants in the area, and then perhaps I'll come back to DLUX again for another try.
4	I've been to Dlux quite a few times now and have always had a positive experience. I really like the burgers, (I usually end up deciding between the Sunrise and the White Fish & Shrimp) but the star of the meal for me is always a side of sweet potato fries! They are just so tasty and I can't get enough of the sriracha aioli. Brunch has also been a consistently good experience!
3	I really enjoyed DLUX brunch. I was a big fan of their green goddess salad. They let me get a half salad with my sausage breakfast sandwich, which was superb (the apple butter really brought the standard breakfast sandwich up a notch). Great place to go before a day of tailgating.
2	Overrated. Small, overcooked burgers with supposedly creative toppings, and the boozy milkshake gimmick mostly results in a thin, runny milkshake. The crowd when I went consisted mostly of middle aged types trying to look cool with over done hair and one too many buttons undone on the fanciest shirt they could find at Kohl's. If you want a burger and a shake, you're better off going to Culver's.No thank you whatsoever.
3	Decent burgers. Not especially juicy. Slow, inattentive service this time. Our drink orders were completed and ready at the bar long before the waitress retrieved them for us. Taco burger patty was nicely seasoned, but the cilantro spread was bland. My family liked the farmhouse and BBQ burgers. Casual, classy atmosphere.
5	Everything we ordered was amazing, staff was nice, decore was great.  There's nothing on the menu I wouldn't eat and I'm definitely going back.  The portions are perfect - just enough to be filling but not ridiculously huge.  And the prices are definitely right, especially for the quality and location.  Highly recommended.
3	This place is excellent for bottomless mimosas and the do-it-yourself bloody mary bar. However, the burger was not as good as other local Madison establishments and I did not really enjoy the truffle cream fries.
5	I really like DLUX. I like the busy atmosphere. I like the food. I like the service. On my last visit I had the farmhouse burger. I was curious about the fried green tomato that came on it and the tomato jam sounded interesting. For my side I ordered truffle fries, of course. Food was delicious. I also got the Moscow Mojito which I thought was a fun drink. It combines two of my favorite drinks all in one! Yay! It was refreshing. I look forward to trying their fried pickles which I missed on the menu the last time I was there. Will be back soon.
5	By the way, tried the fried pickles and they are aweeeesome!
5	We enjoyed a late lunch in their outdoor seating area on a Sunday. They had a extensive build your own Bloody Mary bar inside, and bottomless mimosas for only $10. Our waitresses were very friendly and tentative to us and are drink glasses. They always came around and topped off my mimosa before it was empty. I had the BBQ burger which was delicious and the Parmesan and truffle cream sauce fries (the fries were okay). But my friends had the sweet potato fries and the blue cheese and bacon fries both of which were amazing! We did not have a chance to try their shakes but they looked so tasty. Definitely would home back!
4	I've been to DLUX on 3 occasions. Two times for dinner, and another for brunch.  The restaurant stays full, thus having a wait for a table.  Their burgers are good, both evenings I went there I enjoyed their special for the month. With having the items a la carte, it can get pricey if your looking for a drink, burger, and fries.  Their shakes are AMAZING, I appreciate that they support local business (Sassy Cow) for their ice cream. I really enjoyed their brunch. They have great breakfast sandwiches, although I wasn't impressed with the side of breakfast potatoes. The atmosphere is trendy and modern.
5	This is the best burger place in Madison!  The price for everything is perfect and the milkshakes are to die for.The first time I went I ordered a chicken sandwich fries and a chocolate peanut butter pretzel shake. The sandwich was juicy, tender and so flavorful.  (The name escapes me and I have a feeling the menu has changed since the first time I went)The second time I went was even better. I had the couch potato burger with bacon and blue cheese fries and a red velvet shake. If you want to know what heaven tastes like just go to Dlux and order anything, I know you wont be disappointed.
5	Favorite trendy burger place. I order the DLux burger and it is awesome every time. Great sides, fantastic drinks and awesome shakes. They use local ingredients and you can taste the difference . Good veggie options too so good for the vegetarians in my family as well.
5	Came here with my family of six and was unsure what to expect! What we found was an upscale burger place that was extremely affordable and equally delicious. We sampled from the appetizers, burgers, and milkshakes- all SO GOOD! Perfect for a date night or a night with the family! Peanut butter pretzel shake was superb.
5	Everything I had here was amazing!!!I started my evening out with a Whiskey Smash- absolutely delicious & sweet with enough alcohol :-)I followed up with a DLux Burger (port wine-onion marmalade, creamy blue cheese spread and arugula). It was absolutely delicious but a bit messy to eat. This is by far the best burger I've eaten in Madison. I enjoyed a Salted Caramel Pecan milkshake with my meal. The milkshake was heavenly. It was probably the best milkshake I've ever had.To top everything off, the service was excellent!!!
3	Great bloody marys. Food is good too, especially brunch. Falafel and burgers are solid.
4	Hawaii 5-0 makes for a good tv show, and an even better cocktail! Be warned though, what tastes like a delicious, refreshing pineapple juice and fizzy water combo does actually contain a good amount of alcohol...so don't be fooled!Anyhow, the real cherry on top of the proverbial sundae is the 2-for-1 deal from 11PM until close on Friday nights (and also Thursday and Saturday nights, according to their website)!! How DLUX even manages to stay in business with a deal this great eludes me, but I'm sure going to take advantage of it for as long as I possibly can!
4	Awesome burgers, best dessert shakes (red velvet shake with vodka!!!), and even better service!  You guys rock!!!
5	My husband and I love DLUX! Have never had a bad meal there and I love the atmosphere!
2	I just got back from my first visit to DLUX.  The space was great.  The fries were great.  The milkshakes were incredible. The service was on point.  The prices were more than reasonable.So why two stars?  For the little box on the menu that says "the rules."  The first two rules are: "Our burgers are pressed and cooked to the same temperature" and "Feel free to ditch toppings, but no substitutions please."This says a few things to me:1) We press our burgers, even though everyone who makes decent burgers knows that they should be loosely packed. We do this so that they'll cook a little faster even though it will hurt the taste.2) We are going to cook our pressed little patties of meat into charred pucks that are grey throughout.  Do you like your burger rare and juicy? We don't care.  We could take it off the grill a few minutes sooner like literally thousands of other restaurants are capable of doing, but for some reason we won't.  Seriously, this crap tries my patience at Five Guys, and that's a fast food place.3) Do you see some ingredients on our menu that you'd look to add to your burger? Screw you.  We won't do it.  Yes, we have caramelized onions right in the kitchen, but we refuse to put them on your burger, since that would be a substitution.4) Our customers  have asked us to cook their burger to a different temperature or to tweak the toppings.  Instead of figuring out how to satisfy those customers, we decided to put this notice on our menu to warn people that we have no intention of doing things that are entirely within our power to do in order to give them a good experience.And guess what? The burger is crappy.  It's an overcooked, dried out little mess, which is a pity, since the non-meat components seemed to be high quality.  It was far from the worst thing I've ever eaten, but nothing to write home about.I'd definitely appreciate a response from a manager explaining why you refuse to cook burgers to the temperature that people want to eat them at.  If you're willing to cook me a rare burger I'll gladly come back and pay full price.  If not, I'll be skipping this place.Edit: After some research, I've learned that one reason restaurants do this is because they don't grind meat in house, like all decent burger places do. That doesn't make it better, DLUX. Why are you making "upscale" burgers with pre-ground meat?
4	I'm updating my review for DLUX.  When I went at the end of August, I was a little peeved about their policies (they only cook burgers to one temperature-- medium well/well done-- and don't allow any substitutions).  I came home and wrote a long rant about the horrors of overcooked meat, among other things.I just received a response from the Director of Hospitality at the Food Fight Restaurant Group, and it was truly impressive.  She really went above and beyond to answer all of my concerns.  I've written my share of bad reviews, but I've never gotten anything approaching this in response.  I'd still prefer a rare burger (and the risks that it entails), but the folks at Food Fight did a great job explaining why they've chosen not to offer that.  She also explained that it is, in fact, possible to make substitutions.So here's the updated verdict:This is a solid place.  They have extremely competitive prices for such a nice location.  The fries are very good (I tried both the cheddar/green onion combo and the truffle fries-- both were fantastic).  The shakes are simply out of this world-- I don't think I've ever tasted a better one. However, if, like me, you think that a great burger and a thoroughly cooked burger are mutually exclusive, you won't be thrilled with that aspect.  If, on the other hand, you tend to order your burgers medium well or well done, you'll have absolutely nothing to complain about.Mostly, I'm impressed by how sensitive management was to my complaints.  I'm somewhat ambivalent about Food Fight restaurants in general-- they tend to have great interior design and menus, but sometimes fall a little short on execution-- but you certainly can't fault them when it comes to their professionalism.  I wish more restauranteurs were as committed to customer service and satisfaction as they are.
4	Where in the world do you get high quality, yummy burgers for 8 bucks? Top notch cocktails under 8 bucks. I was visiting a friend in Madison who had been to Dlux a couple times. I loved the ambiance and from my experience in Chicago- a place this well kept means a little over average prices. But I was happily surprised, we had 5 cocktails, one veggie(amazingly delicious)burger and a chicken salad under 50 bucks. Loved the service, food and drinks. Oh, with all the cool bars around this place, you can have one heck of a date night. ;)
4	This place has a great atmosphere and bar for happy hour. One notable drink my dinner mates and I all enjoyed was the Shot in the Dark-- it was fragrant, funky fresh.The food was affordable and average. Service was variable--at times speedy and then very slow, even with a sparse crowd. But the winner here is the bar.
3	Good burgers, great prices. The fries were soaked in a cheese sauce so we only ate the top half. Between the bartender constantly tucking in her shirt and scooping ice with a glass it grossed me out. Especially after watching the news about exactly that.
3	DLUX does two things decently, in my opinion. They have a pretty solid brunch (with a $7 bottomless mimosa) and several good $6-8 breakfast sandwiches. Second, they are a solid late-evening high class bar to stop in and have cocktails or a beer. That being said, the food isn't all that great, so I do not think it's a great restaurant to go for lunch or dinner. However, if you hit them for a Sunday brunch or Friday around 11:30 pm, you'll probably enjoy yourself.
4	My coworkers and I were looking for a spot for dinner. Our initial choice was Old Fashioned, but the wait time was 2 hours. We decided to kill that idea and walk around and try something else. Since I've already tried Old Fashioned, I was glad to try something new. By the end of the night, I was glad to have stumbled into this spot. The restaurant was not entirely packed, but there was a good amount of customers. The five of us sat in a very tight booth, this place probably won't be able to accommodate large parties too well. At night, the restaurant was dark, had loud music, and tv screens plastered everywhere. Overall, this was a great place to chill. I ordered the Sunrise Burger, it was great! I'm a big fan of burgers and I love them even more when they come with a fried egg. This place did not disappoint! They also added  shoestring fries in the burger. I would recommend having the tomato jam on the side. I liked it in my burger, but my coworker didn't. My only complaint, the patty wasn't hot...it was just warm. However, I still enjoyed it. All their burgers are $8, but you have to order your fries on the side for an additional cost. Their cheese curds were good, but if rank them third (My preference...The Old Fashioned, then Craftsman, then DLUX. I did not like Great Danes). The rest of my party enjoyed their meal. The service was great. Our waitress dropped by many times to refill my beverage. She also checked in to see if we needed anything. Overall, I recommend this place to people looking to avoid the crowd and enjoy some good burgers.
4	This is a regular brunch spot for my friends and I. I enjoy the turkey sausage breakfast sandwich, and love the breakfast potatoes with parmesan and truffle sauce. However, I really go for the mimosas ($10 bottomless on weekends). The waiters are always friendly and super generous on filling up your glass before it's even empty. I also must give praise to the donut balls. I once made the mistake of not ordering them with my brunch and will never do that again. They're warm and come with a delicious strawberry glaze, not to be missed. I cannot wait to visit later in the day to see if their other meals live up to their bunch menu!
4	Love this place for a lazy Sunday brunch due to their unlimited mimosa deal. For less than $10 unlimited mimosas is a steal. Good breakfast potato variations and decent breakfast sandwich options. Burger options are solid, and make sure to try all of their fry offerings.
4	We came around 11 on Friday for drinks and food. The two-for-one drinks deal is AMAZING as are the drinks themselves! We got the sugar mama and the margarita. I personally enjoyed the sugar mama more just because I'm a huge fan of citrus-y drinks and St. Germaine.We also got a large order of the parmesan and truffle cream fries and the buffalo chicken nachos. Honestly, we should've just gotten two orders of the fries because those were the highlight of the night. The buffalo chicken nachos were a larger portion than we thought it would be. It was just a little too vinegar-y and there wasn't enough blue cheese to offset that vinegar taste. Still good! But not really what we were in the mood for.
4	Had the mushroom and Swiss chicken burger! Probably the best chicken burger I've ever had.  Blue cheese fries. .. Pretty good too.
4	Parmesan Truffle Fries were amazing. The burgers are great and affordable. Overall pretty good spot to grab a bite on the square.
3	Came to DLUX for brunch based on others recommendations, and wasn't impressed by the selection. The good was good, not great, but there just weren't that many choices. I did love the truffle breakfast potatoes (I'm a sucker for anything covered in truffle oil). And the breakfast sandwich I had was extra cheesy, so I'm not complaining. My boyfriend and I loved the bloody mary bar, one of the few places we've been to where you actually get to make it yourself.I've heard that DLUX is famous for their drinks, but we only tried the bloodies. DLUX is in a great location, right off the capitol (though this sometimes makes parking difficult on weekends) and has a large window for people-watching. The interior is very trendy.
4	I would come here for brunchfor their unlimited mimosas, but if you're looking for real brunch food: eggs, Benedict, scrambles, etc..I would pass. they have good burgers and breakfast sandwiches, but I usually prefer a Benedict or scrambler for brunch. If you go for dinner... Their burgers are goooodddd
5	I have only been here once but it was an awesome dining experience! I love burgers so I'm pretty easy to please, but DLUX's unique combinations are exceptional. I tried the "Sunrise" which was topped with a fried egg, tomato jam, pepperjack cheese and shoestring potatoes. The parmesan fries with truffle sauce were sinfully delicious, and the cheese curds that we ordered to start were wonderful too! I only wish I had room to try one of the shakes, which looked and sounded amazing. The ambiance of the restaurant is unique - it feels upscale with the dim red lighting and nice booths, yet casual with the basketball game playing on TV and an assortment of beers. Our server was friendly and attentive, and if I am ever back in the Madison area I would gladly dine here again.
5	Highlighting a few items I have a crush on lately has become necessary.So everyone with a soul loves ice cream, unless you do have a soul but also a serious intolerance to dairy. Even then, you'll just have to pop some of those magical fast act lactaid pills and get yourself a Chocolate Peanut Butter Pretzel Shake at DLUX. Yes, it is necessary. The rich chocolate ice cream blends with an intense dose of peanut butter in an amazing way, but it's the pretzel that rocks this milkshake. What had once been an incredibly indulgent, yet somewhat typical chocolate peanut butter milkshake is now transformed by the salty deliciousness of the pretzel. Not only does the pretzel offer a flavor contrast, but more importantly it enhances the peanut butter flavor with its salty bite. If unique and bold flavors is what you seek, then this is the shake that will make even lactose intolerant folks jump for joy.Now sweet potato fries are all the rage these days. And if you're looking for arguably the best of the best, you must make a stop at DLUX. Their sweet potato fries are crisp, yet not fried so much that the sweet potato loses its characteristic sweetness. The fry is cut a bit thicker so as to retain the integrity of the sweet potato. The fries are then served with a scrumptious Sriracha mayo. DLUX, I'm impressed. Sweet potato fries and hipster Tabasco? Props for fueling the latest foodie trends.
2	I like a menu that has limited choices. However, if you're menu is limited then what you make needs to be outstanding. Both of our burgers were dry as were the buns. The egg on my burger was over hard. In all my times of ordering a "dirty" burger, I've never had the egg fried hard. The point of the egg is for the yolk to soak into the bun and run over the meat. The truffle fries were a miss with the sauce tasting more like an Alfredo. We ended up sending them back and asking for plain fries suggesting maybe they were soggy because they sat too long. Server was pleasant and the wine was good. We won't return.
4	Botttomless Mimosas? I'm there! $10, and I drank around 5, and I wanted to go for more. Well worth the cost.I had the fried pickles, sweet potato fries with spicy mayo, and finally the margherita chicken burger. Fried pickles and sweet potato fries were delicious, and I couldn't stop going back for more. The fries were hot and crispy, and the fried pickles were fried just enough that the pickles were tangy and crunchy. Can't say the same for the chicken burger. I took out the mozzarella cheese, and the burger was just plain and pretty dry. It tasted like a normal chicken burger, which I won't complain about, but it wasn't anything special. My friend didn't enjoy her falafel burger either, which makes me wonder if I'd enjoy another entree. But I would go again if it meant sitting back with mimosas and more sweet potato fries.I'm looking forward to repeating this experience (without the burger).
4	Wonderful food--service was great!! They've taken an American classic and boosted it a couple levels. You get value for your hard earned money.Best fried pickles ever--have the sweet potato fries with the siracha mayo. YUMMY!!!
4	Great food, great drinks, great ambiance all at an affordable price.  My favorites of the evening:  Green Goddess Salad, Margherita Chicken Sandwich and Sweet Potato Fries.  Ended the evening sharing a Salted Caramel Shake.  Delicious!
4	Ohmygod I ate so much food.  Fried pickles.  French fries with all kinds of toppings.  A SALTED CARAMEL MILKSHAKE.  Burgers galore (pressed, no temp taken).  Great salads.  Reasonable prices.  Friendly faces.  Just writing this review makes me want another milkshake.
1	Piss poor service, and their gluten-free menu isn't really gluten-free. But if you like annoying undergrads, DLUX is for you!
4	I love this place. To me, the seasonings are done really well. Try the sweet potato fries with Sriracha mayo even if you don't care for Sriracha, you might still like this.
4	I enjoyed my visit here. The wife and I decided to try it since we had a gift card. We both decided on burgers since...that's what they do. They're pressed and no temps are taken - which turned out just fine. They have a decent beer list, and a bunch of drinks they're happy to make for you.I got beer, and enjoyed it.Service was nice, attentive without being overbearing.
