4	After eating some pomegranate frozen yogurt , i was driving around spring mountain and decatur looking for a new restaurant that an acquaintance of my GF mentioned was open ( little fat sheep or fat lil sheep ...mongolian hotpot ) i couldn't find the frickin' place ..a little frustrated so i decided to hit the crown & anchor for a beer ...or 2...much smaller then the trop location ... sat at the bar ...put a few $$$ in a poker machine ...asked for an ice cold harp ...nice, pint sized brew ...the bartender ( very attractive ...never had anyone that hot workin for me when i owned the bars ...probably a good thing )  asked if i was hungry since monday is all you can eat fish n chips ...i had no intentions of telling her i just had a frozen yogurt ...probably woulda got my ass kicked ! told her no thanks - after about `10 minutes of playing ( winning ...cool ) another cold harp on tap before i even asked ...sweet ...and ... a sample plate of fish n chips ...on the house ...of course i had to try .... good...very good....so i walked out $50 richer ...even after a $30 tip ... all good !!!
5	I know its lame but I've never made it to the C&A on the eastside of town but I like this place a lot!!  We went to take advantage of the $1 off pints happy hour last Sunday and also stumbled into dinner there.  REALLY enjoy the chicken curry for some reason and the Sunday dinner w/ roast beef, potatoes, peas and bread pudding was great for $10.  Its all you need from a British style pub and I've been really liking the oatmeal stouts recently too.
4	Yes, It's much smaller than the other location on Trop. But there's nothing small about the beer selection! They have all the old British faves on tap and I'm pretty sure they'll have whatever you request.  It's a interesting bar in an interesting location. The bar is like an island that is surrounded by a whole bunch of Asian food joints, i.e. the same plaza has a Chinese, Vietnamese, and Korean food eateries. So it's kinda of odd to find a bar like this in this location. So be it! Good times to be had!  Can't really say much about the food, since I didn't eat anything! So I'll have to see if they have decent bangers, chips, and mash on a later review. Cheers!
4	I used to frequent the original C&A when I lived here in 2002. I just moved back to town and to my delight, found there are now 2!My husband and I checked out the little C&A and had a nice time. Our beer was good and cold, the bartender was nice and beautiful. The fish and Chips were good, and the patrons were playing great music from the juke box the whole time....how could you not like the place?Definitely not quite the atmosphere of the big one, but it accomplished all of it's pub duties, plus I don't have to drive through the strip to get there now that I live in the NW. The other one is easy to get to from Green Valley (where I lived before)
4	Ah I didn't know this one is called Little Crown & Anchor.  I've always enjoyed Crown & Anchor, but the original always had slow slow service.  This one is worlds apart in that regard.  Kate, our server, was uber-nice.  We ordered the Kate special - basically the graveyard special burger, but the way Kate likes it.  A few beers in the mix and you have yourself a winner.
4	This is where I ended up on a girls' night out in celebration of my birthday. One of my friends, being a regular here, knew what was up. Good casual atmosphere with a jukebox and on Saturdays they have a trivia game in which the winner gets $50 off their tab. That's pretty good incentive to come in my mind, it's a fun group-oriented activity and of course free to play. It's not just some lame game they try to put on but everyone in the place, especially the regulars, gets really into it.Being a pub I also expected there to possibly be more unwanted characters, as my friend the regular had said, but the crowd was good and we got to talking to some guys that had interesting things to say instead of stupid pick up lines and perverted jokes. We were there from about 11pm til 2 am just talking and joking around with them for most of that time. I had a great time but was definitely disappointed in the hefeweizen selection, they ONLY have Franziskaner, which is decent but at least offering 1 more type would actually be considered variety. Friendly service and a good crowd atmosphere will let me give this place more chances though, if only to hang out with a Stella and try out their food.
5	Love this place, small and awesome. Best burger in Vegas, in my opinion. Also the staff is awesome, friendly and kind. Customer service is great. Also one of the only places to go to watch soccer in the city of Las Vegas. Gets a little crazy and completely packed for big games, but great to watch games and hang out! Highly recommend! Plus they have a great beer selection.
5	Fave bar in Vegas, was a local there for a number of years. "The Girls" are friendly. Great happy hour prices. Plenty of winners on the video poker games too. The Little Crown in Chinatown is vastly superior to the Crown on Tropicana, which is filled with limeys that glare at you when you walk in, wondering why you are in "their" bar. The beauty of the Little Crown is that the bar is so small, that you can't help striking up a conversation with other folks there, everyone from locals, ex-pat Brits, and tourists. Tell Marlene I said "hi"..
2	The Skinny: there's a reason why it's a pub - when you drink enough, the food has got to taste better (2), service - cute little Britney Spear-esque school girl outfits does not constitute good service unless - well, you're some place else (2), value - there's no value on bad food.To sum up our experience: when we got into the car, the first thing my husband said was "do you think I'll get sick from the chicken pot pie?"We headed here looking for a slice of British fare, ordering fish and chips, chicken/leek pie, and a side salad.To start, the chicken pot pie was absymal. Albeit the pastry was a nice flaky crust, the filling was sour and unpleasant. I have no idea why it was sour. Hence, the question about my husband's intestinal health soon afterwards (he's fine but felt like he dodged a bullet). The uninspired mashed potatoes came with a generic gravy and frozen peas.The fried fish was overbreaded, greasy and soggy on the bottom from either the moisture of the fish or the oil pool on the plate. The accompanying tartar sauce was too heavy on the mayo and lacked acidity to cut through the richness of the sauce. The chips were not crispy on the outside and were bleh.The side salad was okay but the house vinegar/oil dressing had chunks of dried rosemary in it which made it unappetizing.Finally, our waitress. We had to wave her several times to refill our drinks and she gave us the wrong check. I think she switched our check with the table next to us which is a bit mistake on her part (their check was 3x more than ours). I felt bad for her at the end of the day.As someone who appreciates beer and British culture, I could see this place being fun to check out a football game or some great brews. As a person who is just coming for the food, I would suggest you spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere.
5	The  little crown is just as fun as the big one and a lot less crowded!  The old man and I are found there during football (soccer) season watching the games and hangin' with other locals.  Carlos is the best bartender EVER and quiz night is a ton of fun!!!
2	I love the original Crown & Anchor over by UNLV so I was pretty excited to see that there was a branch a little closer to home on the west-side of town.  I eagerly stumbled in on a cold, rainy night to imbibe in some traditional English brews, have some good pub food, watch some sports and try my hand at some video poker.  I should have stayed in the rain....Service was fast and friendly but I was disappointed to learn that they only had an abridged menu for food.  My Smithwicks was a nice treat and made the shellacking I took on the video poker a little more palatable.   At least the beer would be free I reckoned, considering my 40 dollar donation I just gave to the machine.  I then decided on a bowl of clam chowder which was good in an unspectacular kind of way.  I watched some soccer they had on tv and then ordered a Harps as I needed something a little lighter.   So you're all thinking two stars....where's that coming from?  Well, let me tell you....I get my bill and both beers are on the tab.  For those of you that are not from Vegas, its a general rule of thumb that the bar takes care of at least one drink per 20 bucks played, more if there feeling generous.  I politely called this to my waitress attention and she said because I wasn't at the bar but at a side table with a machine, they charge.  I said that is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard but not wanting to cause a scene, I gave her my money and promptly left.  Considering there are hundreds of bars in town that wouldn't do a bush league thing like that, I have no need to ever go back there.  In fact, Im sure not even the main Crown & Anchor over on Trop would do that.  Im sure if I pressed the issue I could have had it resolved with a manager but the point is, I shouldn't have to do something like that.  Its akin to a restaurant charging for refills without saying they are and then you get the bill.  In today's society, complimentary soft drink  refills are standard so I shouldn't have to argue about that.  That's how I felt on this matter.  Im giving two stars because everything else was satisfactory and Im willing to give them a shot again down the road once my anger subsides...but if you must, do yourself a favor and head to the Tropicana location, you'll be a lot happier.
4	I ventured into this very unknown bar in the middle of China town. It was very much like being in Hong Kong, the former British Colony, and I loved it. I had a Jameson..  it tasted.. well like it should.. and the .. Egg wrapped in Bacon to start.. what a crazy combo that I love! Very good..  I cant remember the name.. but its one of the few apps on the menu. Then I ordered the french dip and the Gf ordered the Steak and Mushroom Pie.. French dip was average.. but the pie was amazing. I will be back!
5	This place sort of took me by surprise. Wasn't expecting much but when I got there saturday night, it was packed. The pretty bartenders was very nice and the beers were ice cold. It seems like a british pub atmosphere, had darts, and everyone was having a good time. The sausage roll was pretty good, and the pie was also delish. I drank the pear cider and it was just the way I like my drinks. ^^
4	Excellent fish and chips. Yummy. You are not to have hard liquor at the bar due to a weird liquor license. The gaming machines are alright. It has an old feel to it because of all the wood. I like this place because of the fish and chips not much more. Other than that ...its just the same old pub.
4	Went there with pops for Xmas dinner and had the Yorkshire Pud with Roast Beef.  There was an Xmas dinner price fix on the board but we opted for the standard and it was delicious!  The sticky pudding was very, very toffeeesque.  The beer menu was just ok but that was made up with the fact that they have pro dart boards and sticky puddin'
4	I believe Toby Keith sums this nice place up in this song... "I love this bar!" I enjoys self here. A place where you are welcomed and you are ensured a good time. The Toby Keith song pretty much sums it up.. At least for me!!! You all make your own opinion! :)
4	Xmas British dinner with my father.  Ab Fab and totally Brill idea!  Game of darts, Dad?
5	Such a cute place! I've been to the one on Tropicana before. And have usually lucked out with friendly enough staff and bartenders. But the bar manager at this place (Scooter) is super friendly! Apparently they have trivia there for bar patrons (and i'm told no one pulls fast ones googling the answers, they actually play the game) and while a friend and i were eating he was going through the questions just to keep us entertained. I'm not a huge beer drinker, so I usually stick to Boddingtons when I'm there, but the place looked to have a decent selection. I imagine less than the Trop location just based on the size of the place, but a nice selection none the less. Since i did go on a sunday night, I imagine it wouldn't have been packed. but it was perfect for what we were going for. which was a few beers and their chicken curry. The portion was pretty hefty and easily shared between two people. Since the other location is closer to my house i can see myself going to that one more often. but it was a super treat to get there last night. will probably be back just for Scooter.
4	Having gone to the other Crown and Anchor a number of times during my UNLV career, I had the expectation that it'd be more of the same. Well, this is like a reduced-sized version of the other one, thus the "Little" in the name.We walked in on a Friday around 7:30pm (we were just waiting for a table at Hot n Juicy) and were quickly greeted and had our drink orders taken. The gentleman who took our orders informed m'lady that because of their strange liquor license, she could not take her Jack and Coke at the bar, and had to sit at one of the tables. However, I could sit at the bar with my Snakebite. So off to the tables we went. Our drinks did not disappoint, which was awesome. A girl who works there came up to us once or twice to ask if we needed anything else, as the did the barkeep who made our drinks. They were really friendly and really made me feel comfortable in the place, which was great. All in all, this is a nice spot. I'll probably return if  I'm in the area, though I don't see this being one of my go-to spots.
5	Came here with one of my Yelp friends Aaron K. Originally we were gonna go to "Basic" but they were closed. We ended up coming here instead. Due to the confidentiality agreement I signed to obtain my job, I am prohibited from drinking alcohol, and gambling. So, I practically just sat there. But, I had a good time. Both Aaron and I come from families that immigrated to America over 100 years ago to work in the sugar canes of Hawaii. Aaron is 100% 3rd generation Japanese, and my Dad is 100% Japanese and my Mom is Korean, so we most definitely will stick out like a sore thumb at a British Pub. But, in the end we didn't. Everyone was really friendly. Whenever I have to sit at a bar, I am very used to some drunk idiot blaming me for "Pear Harbor" or some stupid sh!t like that. But, the people who come to drink here are all actually really friendly.They got AYCE fish and chips on Mondays. This might keep bringing me back here.I also thought it was cool how they had all those pictures of Ricky Hatton on the walls before he died against Manny Pacquaio. Seriously, what ever happened to that guy?
2	Typical British pub. The most memorable thing about this place was how BAD the steak and mushroom pie was - yuck! Perhaps it's just not my type of food but the flavor was so appalling I could barely eat it, I ended up leaving the pub hungry!
4	We were at Macy's Furniture on Spring Mountain, and thought it would be a great opportunity to try Chinese food for, if you can believe it, our first venture into C-town in our entire 9-year Las Vegas existence.  It didn't happen.  Instead, when we drove by Crown & Anchor, we decided we'd rather have bar food.  After I ordered my usual glass of wine, I noticed the Magner's Cider on the menu, and thought "Oh well, next time."  We had burgers and mine was superb - the meat was excellent, done just right, and the Stilton cheese was an unusual choice (I know, this is a British Pub, but you can't get it at MickeyD's, right?) that really made the burger taste special.  I was able to substitute a salad for the fries with no upcharge, and the salad was fresh romaine loaded with a ton of stuff.  My husband ordered the fish and chips - one piece of fish, but very big, and tons of fries, so I was glad I was able to get the salad, 'cause I helped him eat those very good steak fries.The highlight was the regular Saturday night Trivia Quiz, but since we're not regulars we had no idea it was happening. It turned out to be serendipitous, since I love, love, love Trivia.  I'd only been to one bar trivia thingy in Vegas before, at McMullan's, and that was so long and complex and ridiculously difficult that my friend and I gave up after 10 questions. This one was different, composed (I learned later) by the manager, Scooter - challenging, shorter (15 questions), and very enjoyable.  Our team consisted of hubby and me, and we named our team YELP.  Unfortunately, Yelp didn't win, but I got to have my Magner's Cider, a great dinner, wonderful conversation with Scooter, and ultimately one terrific evening.
1	How is this the best fish and chips in town? It was like a government meal with dehydrated peas. My coke was flat. And an old man sat right next to me and lit up a cigarette....that didn't help any. The bartender was sweet, that's about it.
5	Fish and chips are everything you would expect them to be.  Outside of building is a little intimidating but inside does not reak of smoke and is clean.
3	Got a tip from a friend of a friend that the Little Crown n Anchor has a better lamb/beef roast Sunday meal. Was also told to go as early as possible because it tends to sell out quick and when it's gone it's gone.Given that today was Sunday, I do enjoy lamb, and it was pretty early a buddy and i figured we give it a shot.The roast plate comes with a few slices of lamb, a giant yorkshore pudding, peas, carrots, some kind of sour vinegarie dipping sauce, a pat of butter,a piece of deep fried potato and an additional bowl of gravy. The lamb itself wasnt very gamey tasting and had a present rosemary flavor to it. The slices themselves were fairly meaty with some fat for flavor. Gravy did an excellent job complementing the meat. Peas and carrots were your average canned sweet peas, the carrots were boiled down to the point where they were soft but mostly lost all their sweet carrotie goodness. The potato was interesting. Seemed they boiled it first then deep fried it to give it flavor and a crispy shell, potatoes are good... Yorkshore pudding wasnt exactly my favorite but who cares? We're here for lamb and we had some lamb.Overall 10.95 is a bit pricey for the plate hence the three star instead of a four. If the slices were a bit thicker or maybe two more slices it would have been perfect and justifiable for the cost. In the end it was still a decent plate of lamb roast.
3	I come here for two main reasons: its location and to play darts.  With its proximity to the restaurants on Spring Mountain, I'm near this location pretty often, so it makes for a great place to grab drinks before or after dinner.  It also never gets too crowded here, so you shouldn't have a problem coming here with a group and using both of their dart boards.There is a good selection of draft beers, with Dogfish Head 90 Minute being one of the choices.  Beers are around $6 a pint.  Food seems to be decent, my friends have eaten here but I only come to drink.  They offer a happy hour during the weekdays, but I've never made it and don't know what the specials are.  Saturday nights there is Pub Quiz, which starts at 10:00pm, and winner gets a $50 bar tab I believe.  There are a few things to like, not really anything to dislike.  Overall this is a bar that I go to based on convenience, and there's nothing wrong with that.
3	After falling in love with the original Crown and Anchor I was excited to try the Little version.  I knew I was playing with fire since this location is on my way home from work and I could potentially wind up here more often than I would like.  But I guess luckily for me, the Little Anchor isn't as fun as its big brother.It has a similar British/nautical theme as the original location, but it's not as dark and moody.  The bartenders are a little slower and the clientele a little clique-ier.  The bar was covered in food crumbs like it hadn't been cleaned in days.We ordered onion rings and they were just awful.  I don't know how the breading managed to soak up 13 gallons of oil, but it did.  I took a bite and that was enough for me.Basically, it's fine to stop at and grab a pint after work but I'd rather make the drive over to the original location if I want anything more than that.Nikki Jo's Ladies Restroom Review:They're fine.  Be sure to check out the interesting bachelor party advertisement on the door.
4	Strangest liquor license I've ever encountered in any state?  They can only serve wine and beer at the bar, but if you walk 3 steps backwards and sit at another table [not at the bar] they can serve you liquor?This is like an old school Irish Pub, with really cold glasses for beer, at least 15 choices of beer on draft, dart boards, fish 'n chips, soccer flags everywhere, oh and gambling they have gambling [free drinks! and they comp 'em if you play].Also, the cast of characters sitting at their bar is pretty freaking amazing.  Great people watching here, eves dropping, and feeling better about your life.They have a lot of TV's for such a small location. And really good music! And purse hooks... She shoots she SCORES!!!Surprisingly, they proudly display an A rating from the health dept to boot!  We were both shocked!
4	This is one of my favorite places to go during off peak times.  Something about knowing that a Long John's Silver once occupied this spot and it is now a slightly divey, miniature imitation of a special spot resounds in my heart.  You'll find me here having a scotch egg on Thanksgiving morning...throwing darts with my dad...pint in hand and smiling.  Little Crown is in an older neighborhood, not too far from my childhood memories, that screams for a place like this.Come here for darts, Scotch Eggs, and English/Irish Pints!
4	I have many fond memories of this place - and many not so memorable ones as well. I threw my first perfect cricket game here. BTW, that's darts for those of you who don't know what I was referring to - and that was the only reason why I stopped in on my last visit to Las Vegas. Well, that and beer.The place is cozy which means it's not very big but it's big enough if you're not in a big group and you're just throwing darts and drinking some adult beverages. I didn't try the food but I recall back in the day, it wasn't "all that" unless you were drunk. There's tons of restaurants on Spring Mountain. I'm a fan of just about every bar that still hangs up steel tip dart boards. I love darts - and I don't mean the soft tip variety. I mean, c'mon! How many sports allow you to drink alcohol (I do) and throw sharp projectiles?
1	Looked for a British pub to get some good fish and chips. Found this place on Yelp and drove over. Walking in I found out that it has a pretty big bar and we were seated right next to it. Very fricken loud in here and the smell of smoke is awful. Ordered the fish and chips and waited. The order came to the table and it was a decent sized piece of some kind of fish. Was served with thick fries and some peas. The batter wasn't good. The fish was tasteless and it was unchewable on one side of it. The waitress never came back to ask about our food as she was also the bartender. Also, my soda was flat and had NO carbonation. Place overall sucks and I will never spend a dime in this waste of space crap-hole!
3	Had a sudden craving for meat pie so I decided to check out Crown and Anchor. This place is kinda dank and dreary but you'd expect that from a bar. Tried the Scottish Egg which consists of a hard-boiled egg wrapped in sausage meat. Different and pleasant enough. I also tried their steak and mushroom pie but found that a bit disappointing. Was hoping for a true pie like you'd get at a pub in London but their pie was a meat concoction in a baking dish with a crust baked on top. Crust was ok but the meat sauce was too tart for me and there was one tiny mushroom in the steak and "mushroom" pie. But all is not lost, I snuck a few bites of fish and chips from my friend's plate. Although the steak fries were dry, the fish is nicely battered and tender inside. Overall, I can see this place as a cool hangout for drinking and playing darts but don't come hungry.
5	I went for the Sunday roast, a traditional British classic. I ordered the sliced lamb roast and it was served with peas, carrots, Yorkshire pudding and roasted potatoes. The food was rustic and heavenly, it is just how I imagine my grandparents cooking to be...The service was exceptional. Compared to the crown and anchor on trop, this place is the place to be. Real people who care about customer service run the show...the same can't be said about the other location.I recommend an appetizer portion of the Yorkshire pudding, they do it better than anyone in town. To me, that deserves 5 stars.
4	Little Crown & Anchor is a tiny bar with a lot of character. It is especially a win if you're a soccer nut. That's not my thing, but I can appreciate that there is a place for them in a country that named our sport in which you throw a ball that can't touch the ground, football. There are free darts here as well, so that is pretty awesome. One quirk I gotta get out of the way before I sing any more praise. They have an absurdly antiquated liquor license in which you can only drink beer at the bar. If you want the hard stuff you gotta feel like an outcast at the tables. Ok, so in a small place like this, perhaps outcast is a bit of an exaggeration. And they do have machines at some tables so you could still get your gamble on if that's your thing. Now onto the positive stuff. The staff is always super friendly here. Bartenders always make me feel welcome, they are generous on comps, and the female bartenders are equipped with pretty awesome work attire. I'm pretty sure everyone loves school girl skirts, so that's a genius move on their part. They are genuine here too, we can BS about anything without the pretentious, keeping it proper type of conversation. I always appreciate genuine people. The food is also really good. I've had the burgers, which are not bad, but the chicken fingers are where they seem to shine. Nothing is outrageously priced, but including fries with their fingers would be a better choice in my book. The grilled chicken sandwich is pretty good too! Overall this is a great place to check out for a local bar. If you have any soul or decency, always avoid PTs and Dotties. These are the kinds of places to support.
4	I love me some Crown & Anchor. Every time I am in Vegas I try to stop here. I usually on eat 2 things on the menu and love every minute of it. If it is a Monday Night all you can eat fish and chips are some of the best I have ever had. Any other night of the week I grab the chicken finger and some fries. Warning !!! These chicken finger stand to be one of the best you will ever taste. I know they are a delight to my palate. One think I do wish was a little different here is the bear selection. Though they have a wide verity they don't have many Mexican beers which is usually what I drink. Either way I can't wait for my next time in Vegas so I can get me some Crown & Anchor.
3	Took an early out from work today to go whit my coworkers for some fish and chip...best in town we've heard...I was kinda surprise to see the Sticky toffee on the menu in such a small place, I find this to be a very complex dessert so I order it...such a disappointment! I usually get up and leave if the dessert is no good, when miracle happened : Dogfish head 90 was spotted between the draft beers! So I forgot everything about my dry,old sticky toffee and tried to enjoy the fish and chips,  but disappointment hits again, with the dry chips, all the vinegar in the bar couldn't make it bearable...the cod was ok...Would I go there again?! Who knows, maybe after they change their liquor license and I'll be able to have a vodka red bull at the bar, to take my mind off an awful dessert, fallow by not the best Fish and Chips Vegas has to offer!Cheers
3	First time trying this place. They're supposed to have the best fish-n-chips in town.  Fortunately they didn't disappoint! I wouldn't say the best, but they're definitely up there. TheCod was fresh and delicious.However the service left a little to be desired, they only had one waitress. I know it's a small place but damn. It wouldn't have been that bad, but we had uninvited guests at our table who would not leave us alone (gnats) and we wanted our check ASAP. The table next to us were discussing dining and dashing, because they were going through the same thing.Overall this place wasn't too bad.. If they get rid of the gnats and get some more servers I might just give them another shot.
5	I'm a regular here! It's reasonable and a fun environment. After midnight daily you can get a burger or chicken sandwich for 4.95 with fries. I'm a huge cider fan and this is the only place ive found that you can get it on tap. No matter how many times ive came ive never been disappointed. This is my favorite bar in town by far.
4	Bartender was funny, beer selection is decent and bonus star for having real darts! When they say "little" crown & anchor, they aren't kidding. The place looks bigger on the outside.They have weird rules for drinking liquor which are confusing but I guess is out of their hands? Not sure how that all works but sucks that I can't get a cocktail at the bar or anywhere for that matter unless I order food apparently.Didn't eat any food, played a few games of darts (and beat Mario in both :-p haha). All in all, good time and I'll probably stop in again sometime.
3	Service was fairly good. Took a bit long to get our food considering we were one of only two tables seated in the dining room. Enjoyed the folksy feeling of the dining area but the food left a bit to be desired. Got the famous fish and chips, but wasn't terribly impressed. The batter was pretty good but I felt like it was taken right out of the fryer and set on the plate so the bottom of my batter was kind of soggy. :( Also had the scotch egg which was worth trying to have something different but wasn't my fav thing. The Yorkshire pudding would have been pretty good but the pastry was over done and close to burnt on the bottom. The service wasn't bad - the young lady was nice. Didn't quite expect her bum cheeks to literally be hanging out. I'm sure the gents that frequent the pub don't mind that but glad we didn't bring the 17 yr old and 11 yr old boys that almost joined us!  Overall not a horrible place but for the price and quality of the food I probably won't be back.
5	Crown is about great service, cold beer and patrons who appreciate and celebrate both!
4	Was here about 3:30 am on Fri/20 Sep:- About 8 beers on tap.  I went with the Pyramid Hefeweisen.- Friendly, responsive staff.- Convenient location at the intersection of Decatur & Spring Mountain.
4	I spent about an hour and a half here on Christmas day. What a gem. I didn't eat here so I can't comment on the food but the atmosphere,service and the general vibe of the place is awesome. We had so much fun here we went back a few days later and had an even better time. We met tons of locals. They pour a decent Guinness. Little Crown and Anchor will be on my list whenever I'm in Vegas.
3	Food was good. Waitress was rude.I came here w/ a group of my friends around 11pm on a Saturday night (this last Labor Day weekend). We were bar hopping and my friend suggested the place. I understand that it's late on a Saturday night and there are a lot of drunks by now, but don't treat customers (who aren't even drinking) in a dull manner. My friends and I just ignored our waitress's attitude and enjoyed our time. We all ordered their fish and chips and it was very tasty. After we paid the bill that we went to another bar and took our business else where. I'm hesitant on going back.
3	Good place for reasonable food and drinks!Since we were hungry, we started with the food order and a couple drafts.Authentic English Fish & Chips ($10.95): One-Half Pound of Beer Battered Icelandic Cod, Fries & Peas. Huge chunk of juicy, flavorful cod! Very enjoyable...recommended!Kart and Abdul tried the Sunday Dinner ($10.95): Roast Beef or Roast Lamb, Yorkshire Pudding, Roasted Potatoes, Vegetables & Gravy. Super filling portion size! Everything was good...I'd come back and sample more of the menu :)
2	To be honest... I expected a lot more from this place. It sounded good and there aren't that many places to eat this type of food.My boyfriend ordered the Shepard's pie. It wasn't anything special. I ordered the fish and chips. It was one big piece of fish 0.0 nice portion, but I didn't like that the crunch/fried part was just the outside layer. Nice batter though. The drinks were decently priced with a good selection. Would come back to hang out with friends
4	Great place to play darts.  They have real darts and you can play for free.Lots of imported drafts and this place has a pretty low key and chill vibe.
2	Not really a great pub but more like a bro sports bar with a dark wood interior and some UK beers on tap. If you like loud 90s extreme radio, you'll feel comfy here. Lots of Nickleback and Pearl Jam. The food here is expensive and not even good quality (with British food how is that even possible?). Oh well.
5	Great place to hang out with friends and get a few drinks.The food is delicious, I recommend the Scotch egg or chicken fingers. The atmosphere during the World Cup was so much fun, and the service was still great even when it was packed full of screaming Americans. They also have trivia nights on Saturday that are fun!
3	Fish and chips, darts, and scotch eggs. On Spring Mountain, no less!The fish and chips are decent, though I find the breading itself a little on the thick side- easy to pick off though, and has the right texture without being overly greasy. Thick pieces of fresh cod are used.Chips are steak-cut and plentiful, but lack seasoning. Easily amended with malt vinegar, also available in packets if you order to go. Side of peas is not my thing.Service is friendly, bar itself offers Wednesday special for medical professionals called "Scrub Night"- first drink is free with medical ID or coming dressed in scrubs.
5	This may very well become my favorite local bar! Great Atmosphere, staff is very nice and on top of things. The on tap selection is awesome for Football Sunday's!. Overall a great place to feel welcome and comfortable.
3	First it was a Hush Puppy, then a Tilt and Kilt, now it's a Crown & Acre. Okay for late night food. I'm giving it 3 stars only for nostalgia. I used to go to the las Vegas blvd & Oaky location way back when. Not good for families or dates. This is Loners destination. Decent microwaved Bangers and Mash. Good 80's music. Extra .5 points because the owner deemed this a Seahawks bar.
