5	Oh, heaven have mercy, why have I waited so long!This location of Jimmy John's opened up pretty recently (of course, to my addled brain 'recently' can mean about 5 years ago, but I'm sure this has been within the last year) and I'm pretty bummed I hadn't made the short trip there yet to get one of their yummy sandwiches.Now, I like sandwiches as much as the next guy (unless you're Joey from Friends - it doesn't go THAT far) but I'm not a big fan of Subway or Port of Subs and the like.  Their meats are grody to me, frankly.  Their breads are never as fresh as I hope they would be, and frankly I'm a little scared of anyone with "Sandwich Artist" embroidered on their shirt.  Jimmy John's has none of this stuff.I gad a turkey club on seven grain wheat bread.  The bread was cut into big, thick slices that were soft and fresh and tasty.  The turkey didn't look sickly or have a thin coating of goo like the other places have, the lettuce and tomato were both colorful and fresh tasting, and the bacon was thick sliced and generous.  I got a bag of BBQ chips that were also thick cut and yummers and a soda and was out of there for under $9.   As a bonus, this location is in a strip mall where the suites have two levels, and all the seating is upstairs in a cute little dining area with awesome red lamps.
5	I came here about an hour before they closed which is at 11 p.m. on weekdays.  The workers were very friendly.  The #5 Vito is a tasty sandwich that can fill me up.  Not a really hungry guy though.  Same goes with the #9 Italian Night Club which was also delicious.  I've even had the Vegetarian Sandwich on whole grain wheat.  I really loved this sandwich because I love veggies.  Nice little place.  Cleaner than my other favorite place, Capriotti's which is across the street from this location.  Friendly staff though made the difference.
5	Jimmy John, along with High Roller Deli (not on Yelp) are probably the best 2 sandwich places to go in Las Vegas. Of course, I am referring to on the cheap and not places like Carnegie Deli inside the Mirage. Service is fast (very fast) and the quality is high. I am a new customer and have only tried two sandwiches at the moment. Club Lulu and the "Night something or other." Sorry the name eludes me. I highly recommend trying this sandwich shop out over Subways, over Quiznos and any of the others out there.I am actually thinking about opening one of these up, not only here in Las Vegas, but out in Orange County when they are ready to do so. Looking for investors. :-)
4	Had the Gargantuan, awesome sandwich!  Filled with all your favorite Italian cold cuts, cheese, mayo, lettuce.   Bread was soft and toasty, perfect!  The workers at the front were friendly, but not annoying.  My only complaints are not having healthier alternatives to chips and the fact I shelled out $11 for the sandwich, drink, and chips.
5	The best sandwhich per dollar spent near the UNLV campus by far. I've had every sandwich offered at Jimmy John's, my personal choice is the JJ gargantuan, but I'm a big guy and I like everyone it.The only drawback this place has is their potato chips. But then again if I'm going to get real mayo on my sandwich I probably shouldn't be eating potato chips as well.
5	I would like to thank my addiction to comic books for another addiction.. Jimmy John's Gourmet Sandwiches.. but as the ad states clearly, they're not really Gourmet sandwiches, they're damn tasty sandwiches.. and let's leave it at that. I needed my comic book fix on a Wednesday afternoon and well, I found a shop about two stores down from this location. After getting my weekly issues, I was allured by the sign saying that the smells were free and sure enough, those smells were something i would pay for if I had to. The sandwich prices were really cheap. Who needs some silly Subway when you have a place like this? Workers were pretty helpful and I'm glad I didn't have to deal with a Sandwich artist, as true art is very subjective on being enjoyed by all. My first sandwich here was a Turkey Tom. Maybe I was just trying to cleanse my system from all the drinking with some healthy protein, but this sucker was delicious. While some may not like sprouts, I think they're the forgotten green. Be them a micro one.  Their Vito was also really good. Them Italian subs, now that there is a spicy genoa salami sandwich with capicola and provolone and hot peppers! Their house brand chips were also pretty damn tasty considering I'm not much of a chipper lover. I think I'm hooked after this first taste to sandwiches here. A shame since I'm a state away.
5	So i will say I'm not a big fan of the Bacon at JJ's. However, i will say this The one on Maryland has Free Wifi, and now does 10 subs get the 11th free. So ti is the greatest place ever!
5	what more can i say, but that this has to be one of the best sandwiches i ever ate. i had the Turkey Tom and my friend had the Pepe. i dont know if it was the hangover talking, but i devoured that sandwich as if it was heaven on a plate. the ingredients are fresh and simple. no massive menu to have you standing there for days as the customers behind you tap there feet. just a few good items and you're golden. the wait staff is friendly, prices are reasonable, seriously what more can you ask for? in a city known for their buffets and fine dining, this will definitely be a regular pit stop when i come to Vegas.
4	Love the roll, meat us very good, and you can add oil, vinegar, spices etc. However, for the love of god will you PLEASE get regular dill pickle chips for the sandwiches.  I know you can get a whole kosher pickle, but I like the dark green dills!  The hunter club and the porker are my favs.
2	Yeah, I'm not a fan. Please don't hurt me!! 2 stars because the interior is cool. I have had it twice, and both times I was not impressed. First time I got the Italian sub. To me, the bread is too overwhelming, the mayonnaise has the consistency of some certain bodily fluids, and the meat... where's the meat? Second time I got a vegetarian sandwich (couldn't skimp out on the meat this time!!!!) So I got the same abundance of bread and mayonnaise... and no Avocado as promised! What the heck?? Maybe I am ordering the wrong thing, but I don't want to return to get the right thing.
3	A sandwich shop near a University?  Thats about as novel as a Starbucks in an airport terminal. The UNLV adjacent area is littered with the usual suspects but they also have Mid West staple Jimmy John's throwing their hat into the ring.  While it diversifies the sandwich portfolio, I dont necessarily think it strengthens it.  Thats not to say you cant get a satisfying meal here...Located in a small strip mall across from the campus, Jimmy John's has a fresh, clean aesthetic and cheerful college kids that keep the place humming.  The roster of sandwiches isnt overwhelming yet most people can find something that suits their tastes.  Ingredients are fresh and simple, yet nothing really wows you.  There are some more novel items like sprouts and 7 grain bread that can be added as accoutrement which is nice if you're looking for a different taste than most chains.  I find myself at Jimmy Johns from time to time because of its convenience and because I can get a fairly healthy meal there.  When I go, I like the Veggie, Italian and California sandwiches.  None of them will knock your socks off, but you'll still leave in a good mood.....that is if your not starving when you get there.  My one major complaint is the size of the sandwiches and the amount of meat they put in them.  While not expensive (5 to 6 dollar range) they are smaller than I would like.  Im not asking for Cheesecake Factory portions here, but a little girth would be nice.  Maybe its my inner fatboy complaining, but usually my inner fatboy doesn't lie on these matters.  You're from the Mid West Jimmy!  Appetites are hearty there, make your sandwiches reflect that!Overall a decent, if unspectacular place to grab a quick bite.  I'll be back I'm sure..just like I'm back at those dang Starbucks counters at the airport.  Ubiquity has gotten the best of me!!!!
3	Jimmy John's is one of my favorite places around UNLV to grab some food.  They rank on the top of my "fast food sandwich" category, way above Subway, Quizno's, Togo's, or any other mediocre sandwich place.  Their sandwiches are around $5 for an 8" sandwich, which is a great price for a good sandwich.  The service is extremely fast, and the service is friendly, which always makes it easier to come back.  The sandwiches are what really bring me back, though.  My favorite sandwich is The Vito.  The Vito is a classic Italian grinder, and is one of the most popular things at Jimmy Johns.  I always get the hot peppers, too, which makes the sandwich that much better.  I also really like the BLT, and the Roast Beef and Provolone.  I can't remember what these are called, but the menu's not too confusing to figure out.  The sandwiches are all made to order, and come out VERY fast.  Usually your sandwich is done by the time you finish getting your fountain drink.  Which brings up another great thing about Jimmy Johns, their fountain drinks.  I usually don't mention fountain drinks as being great, but they have Cherry Coke.  I always like to give props to any restaurant that has Cherry Coke, as it is a rarity, yet is one of the best sodas on the market.  Definitely go to Jimmy Johns if you love sandwiches, you will love it!
3	Went here for lunch the other day and got the #5 Vito sandwich, which is basically an Italian club sandwich. It was pretty good and super quick.
3	if you are serious about eating a sandwich, you go to a real deli. just like if you're serious about eating mexican food, you don't hit up taco bell. as far as chain sandwich places goes, i think it ranks high. but it is still not anything special by any means.
4	These are tasty and satisfying sub sandwiches. I work in LV every week and take a cab to my office. There are zero food places by my office and this place delivers. The sandwiches are always tasty and they deliver fast. I usually get the regular Italian sub with hot peppers. Super yummy. great place for a quality sandwich. I will be ordering a delivering next Wednesday.
3	Everyone loves this place.... Except for me. I've ventured to JJ's the past three weeks to meow down on a sandwich before my long night class. All 3 times I've arrived at this location, there are 4+ people working behind the counter but it takes a while to get acknowledged to take an order. Whatever, it's all good, I'm in no hurry. But what really put me off during my last visit was a manager taking a few minutes to berate an employee for ringing up a previous order incorrectly. It was strange and very unwelcoming. As for the important part (the grub), I have to say the menu is a bit confusing and doesn't cater to my personal tastes at all. I enjoy a sandwich with quality meat and lots of veggies. While I like the bread at JJ's,  I find the turkey cheap and and the veggie selection/quality sad. :-( The sandwiches I've tried (Turkey Tom and something else with a beachy name) lacked any zest or flavor. I got guacamole on a sub once and it was the same stuff Taco Bell uses. I do enjoy the sprouts and salt & vinegar chips, though.I'm going to give this location 3 stars because it's a great place to kill time in between classes. It's also reasonably priced, clean, and quick. I think I need to take an experienced Jimmy Johner with me to tell me what's good.
4	One Mississipi....Two Mississipi....Three Mississipi........Holy $H!T they're here already!Whether you are getting it delivered or ordering in store Jimmy John's is the fastest gun in the West.Insanely efficient and incredibly delicious. Jimmy John's never disappoints with the food or service, and prices on par with the major chains.If you are a fan of the toasted sub (as I am) next time you are considering Quiznos, or Port of Subs, skip it and hit up Jimmy John's, especially if you are in a hurry!I still give the crown to Capriotti's for Chain Sandwich shop, but Jimmy John's is definitely a close second.I recommend the Big John extra toasted (for the carnivore) or The Beach Club (if you like something lighter).
3	Moderately priced, decent sandwiches are found here. A few blocks away from UNLV, I'd rather walk here than wait forever at the Subway at the Union. I love their whole grain bread option because it has nice texture and taste. They do have a heavy hand using mayo, so if you're mayophobic, just tell them easy or no on the mayo. Service is incredibly quick and efficient, as it should. It's only sandwiches, not foie gras.
3	good workers, good quality food. Kind of bored of their vegetarian selection but i like the fact that their delivery is super fast and their minimum order isn't so dang high like other places.
5	We visited Vegas last week and we ate here 4 times -__-.We live in LA and since my husband is from Chicago, this is his staple.He LOVES JJ's and I do too! we take advantage every time we visit, he usually gets the Gargantuan and I get the Beach club on wheat! I FREAKEN LOVE THE BREAD!! the staff is pretty nice too, I asked for day old bread and they gave me 2 for free!! I'll see you soon!!
3	I was not a fan of the bread because it made my mouth sore all over. They're really skimpy on the deli meats - really disappointing seeing that it was supposed to come with 3 meats but I could only taste a HINT of salami.  I don't even like Subway that much but I think they are way better (and quicker too) .. It felt ironic that they take pride in speed yet it took almost 10 mins for an untoasted sandwich lol in fact 2 people who ordered after me got their sandwiches first so I was probably forgotten.
5	I freaking LOVE jimmy johns!!!  When I used to live out in Ohio, this was our late night pit stop for food!  Having moved back home to Cali, I had been Jimmy John's deprived.  That is, until I went to Vegas for my bday and my cousin told me that there was a Jimmy John's!!!  Needless to say, I would've eaten all my meals here if I could have but I had to accommodate the other people in my party, so we only went twice... but took a bunch of sandwiches to go! :)  I love their bread, and it definitely makes the sandwich!  Not to mention their freakishly fast service and awesome sandwich ideas!  It's seriously good, and I am drooling thinking about it!  If you are near a Jimmy John's, don't take it for granted!! :)
4	Solid 4 stars. It's sooooo freaking good. I took away a star due to the fact that the cashier seemed like she was annoyed/impatient, even though I knew what I wanted to get right away.Anyhow, decided to go for the original beach club sandwich, without switching up anything just to see what the taste is like on its own. It's pretty darn good, needless to say! Everything tasted fresh, and I love me some CRISP sprouts in a sub, anytime. Like its name, the beach club reminded me of being back in California, enjoying a great, refreshing sub... Except they don't have any JJ's in California nearby my hometown. lol!Also, this was my first time ever having Jimmy John's. My cousin kept raving about it to me when I was in Washington state this past summer and I originally thought they didn't have any in Vegas until I stumbled upon it on yelp! I'm sure glad I found this little gem -- it's sort of hard to notice this particular location even if you live around the area. I'm definitely going to try and come here more often. :) Move over, Subway -- JJ's is leading the way!
4	Amazing Subs, Super Fast Great Staff!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Love the boy's that work here, they even know me by name. I work nearby so they don't give me heck when I'm always coming in to get some 'free' soda. When i do order a sandwich the food is always made before my receipt is even printed. Talk about fast service. :) If you want a good gourmet sandwich this is the place to be.
5	I love their sandwiches. My friends feel that Johnny McGuires has the best sandwiches in town but I love me some JJ's. They have the freshest bread and their service really is freaky fast. By the time your ready to pay for your order they hand you your sandwich. They also have a great atmosphere. All the employees want to be there and have fun working at JJ's. I remember a few times employees would give me extra day old bread, its still delicious and its going to go bad anyways. It was a service enhancer and I will reward them with plenty of visits. Today I tried their vegetarian sandwich on wheat bread and it was perfect. I will be back soon!!
5	The boyfriend and I had great plans to visit Jimmy Johns on our weekend trip to Vegas as LV locations were the closest we could find to our LA home.We instantly fell in love with the fresh gourmet sandwiches when we took our first bites on our trip to Chicago last year.To our disappointment, the first location we arrived at per our phone no longer existed while the second location we found was closed on Sundays! :(we called yet another location to find that they close at 5pm and it was already 4:55.However, the wonderful boyfriend called them back and asked if they could keep the doors open just until 5:10.  The staff agreed and we raced like maniacs to the third location!!We didn't arrive until 5:15 but the awesome staff waited for us & we were finally able get our Jimmy John's sandwich!The sandwiches were delicious as always - we were with another couple who tried it for the first time and they loved it!I knew the sandwiches would be good but the staffs' kindness in waiting for us made it amazing!  Thank you!
4	When this place first opened years ago, I honestly wasn't a fan. Then everyone kept raving about the bread and what not. None the less, I gave good old Jimmy another chance. Kalila M. had recommended the beach club and ever since then I had fallen in love. The turkey, avocado, and sprouts really does the trick along with the mayo. The wheat bread is pretty good too, but I feel like it's a tad less of the overall sandwich compared to when you get white bread. I heard the "protein style" or whatever they call it is like a bite of freshness.  Definitely need to try that out one of these days. This particular location is pretty neat too since it has an upper floor. And as all Jimmy Johns' the service is speedy. They try to achieve serving your sandwich by the time you finish paying and it normally happens, I think? Oh and by the way they have stamp cards now! One last tip, I don't recommend buying the day old bread because all they do is wrap paper around the middle part leaving the sides open and it doesn't store well not unless you immediately use it.  Mine became dry and stale.
5	Delicious as always!  And, as always, I recommend the Italian night club with hot peppers.  It never disappoints.  Staff are friendly too!
3	Very fastPretty Cheap ~$6 for a large sandwichNormal bread and ingredients for the most part.  Slightly better than subway, I would say quiznos is better
4	My wife and I always stop by Jimmy Johns when in Vegas- fast and delicious.  My only bone to pick with this location is that they keep shrinking the delivery radius.  In the past, they would deliver to the Wynn.  Then to Hooters.  Next it was Motel 6.  Makes it harder and harder to get our Jimmy Johns fix!Also, longer hours would be nice- Vegas is a 24 hour town but Jimmy Johns is closed by 8 many days.
4	Jimmy John's is unique in the fact that they do actually make subs so fast you'll freak. Their catch phrase is really put to work at this location, and others. My faves are the beach club, for the sprouts, and the country club (add bacon) for just being a simple sandwich. I also favor their slim subs, which cost less, and don't have a ton of toppings/meat and cheese. The bread is tasty, soft, with a light crunch on the outside. Also they have awesome chips. No lame Lays or Cheetohs. It's the Jimmy John's brand chips and I favor the salt and vinegar.I've always had good service here as well.
2	Stopping to dine at JJ's for lunch today further cemented the idea I had all along that many people who Yelp about restaurants in Vegas are on meth......I'm not sure what is "Gourmet" about their sandwiches, but mine was far from gourmet. It was far from Subway for that matter....First off.... they don't serve hot sandwiches, only cold. Sweet.Secondly.... I asked for something like a turkey club and they served me a 6 inch sub with lettuce, mayo, turkey, tomatoes and bacon. That's it. When I was ordering, I told the woman at the register that it was my first time here and I was hoping to have something that would bring me back.... She was deaf apparently.The bacon was so weak that Subway bacon would've turned its nose up at it.... It was barely cooked and half raw.They gave me 2 thin slices of turkey for every 4 inches of sub. The turkey wasn't roasted, baked or offered any flavor whatsoever. It was grocery store bought turkey, slattered with mayo on a sub roll.The roll wasn't bad, but far from Gourmet.The restaurant was clean and painted very fun, but it didn't get close to making up for my crappy sandwich. I gave it two stars because it's almost impossible to mess up a turkey sandwich, and although they didn't mess it up, they did leave a lot of be desired.Bottom line.... I won't be back and you should keep heading up the road for another place to eat.
5	The staff at this location (and all the other ones, I think) is energized and ready for your business. They like to do things quickly, so you'll have ordered and paid before you have time to think. About 30 seconds after that, your food will be ready.Their food is great. The sandwiches are delicious and well-constructed. I know they have wheat bread and it's better for me...but the white bread is probably the best bread ever. Also, hot peppers on everything.
4	This location is very close to the UNLV Campus, on Maryland Parkway, behind the Starbucks.They are VERY fast!  I like their Tuna or their Turkey Tom.  You can add items (cheese) or subtract items (tomatoes, cucumbers, etc.) without any problems.Service is nice and the bread is yummy!Fast & filling lunch!  Don't forget to ask for the punch card!
5	Fast. Easy. Tasty. Inexpensive. Simple in the best sense of the word. Knocks the socks off of Earl of Sandwich. My husband and I happened upon this place today while leaving our Vegas weekend back for home in Cali. We are bummed Jimmy John's hasn't franchises there yet!! The friendliness & helpfulness of staff along with the SPEED & simple-done-perfectly concept of the place won us over. We got a punch card & do plan to use it every time we return!
4	Hottest JJ staff ever! I mean seriously, everyone I saw working here was totally cute, crazy! Must be the proximity to the college? Anyways.. the cute staff makes one deliciously awesome sandwich.  Me being the big eater that I am I went right for the money shot ordering the J.J. Gargantuan. Its the biggest sandwich on the menu! Loaded with genoa salami, ham, capicola, roast beef, turkey & provolone, its for the meat lover and not for the faint (or weak) of heart. Its so thick that you might be hard pressed to get this monster into your mouth. Somehow I managed though I've had years of practice eating thick sandwiches. If you also grabbed a bag of their BBQ potato chips you can add a sweet, smokey crunch to every bite of your monster sammie. Yes I do mean pry the buns apart and cram some crushed potato chips in there. Nom!Now that's a cute sandwich!
4	I absolutely love this Jimmy John's location. As a UNLV student I usually frequent this location on my way to work and pick up my sub to go. The lunch crew is always on their A game, energized and friendly. You're acknowledged the second you open the door and they're ready and waiting for your order which will be prepared in less than a minute usually. They recognize their regulars as well. I hadn't been in for a few months over summer and I recently came in and they still remembered my order. Great customer service! And of course the food is delicious. My favorites are #16 with Dijon and you can't go wrong with the #9. Sandwiches are always fresh, delicious, simple and tasty. Now if you're going at night it's a COMPLETELY different story (hence the 1 star deduction). I used to come here at night before my night classes but I have stopped doing that. First of all, it's always been pretty empty when I've gone at night so you'd think there would be awesome customer service...wrong. The few times I went at night you have to wait a few minutes to even be acknowledged while the staff continues their conversation (whether it's with their fellow coworkers or their friends who are there eating). Eventually they take your order and make your sandwich at a glacial pace. The entire time you're there you feel like you're inconveniencing them and interrupting their evening. Needless to say I've found a different place to eat before my night classes now. But if you're around in the day you absolutely need to come by!
5	This is one of my favorite sandwich shops to go to. Very clean, everyone greets you with a hello and a smile and need a say FAST? ;)When I'm trying to be good I always get a #4 turkey Tom with no mayo. But who are we kidding? Most days I get a #9 Italian sub with hot peppers. Don't waste your time getting it without, the hot peppers make the sandwich!
5	I absolutely adore this place. I get my food in like 5mins. for a delivery. Everyone is always perky, even that guy who rides a bike [*eco-friendly love it*].
5	Awesome sandwich shop! The sandwiches are always fresh! The delivery is superfast during lunchtime! I recommend them 100%.My favorite is the Turkey tom and the Lulu! The food is always fresh!
1	This place gets 1 star simply because they only deliver until 9pm. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME???!!!?!? This is Vegas ....and you are on campus!! What a joke. I am a long time customer of jimmy johns and where I'm from they deliver on campus until 4am.... Take the fucking hint jimmy johns LV!!!
5	One word: Gargantuan.  Awesome in Jacksonvile; awesome in Columbus; awesome in Baltimore, and equally awesome here on S. Maryland Parkway in Vegas.  Definitely not for the faint of heart, there must be triple the meat that you'd usually find in a comparably priced Subway sandwich.  Only drawback is only one type of sub roll.  This location also lives up to Jimmy John's reputation for quick service.  Tasty food, quick service, and reasonable prices.  Can't go wrong.
4	Jimmy John's is one of my favorite sandwich shops!  They are always so fast and accurate!  My favorite sandwich is the #4 Turkey Tom! They bread is the best, its baked just right!  Topped with the freshest ingredients, turkey, mayo, lettuce, tomato and cucumbers a simple sandwich that hits the spot!
4	Some buds and I ordered these while watching game 4 of the finals.  I ordered the gargantuan with extra peppers and it was delicious.  I felt like I had two points of deli Armageddon in my stomach and almost fell asleep during the second half of the game.They delivered it too, the order took about 10 minutes after the call to get to us, and it was correct.$8 for that sandwich that keeps you full all day is amazing!Thanks!
4	I really wish Jimmy Johns would open some locations in Los Angeles.  It is a great lunch option.  The sandwiches are flavorful and filling.  The bread is quality and the toppings are fresh.  The staff at this location was friendly and quick.
5	I'm a loyal customer!  I love that I can order an unwich and have it delivered in less then 15 minute!  The employees have always been very friendly and proof that I'm there to much, they know me when I call!  LOL
5	Yummy! I got the Italian with hot peppers and it is delish! I couldn't leave the office today so they delivered it right to me so quickly and the driver was very friendly. What a great experience. WIll definitely be a repeat customer.
5	Dear Jimmy John's,I love you.  Don't take that lightly.  My heart means a lot.  No wait, where are you going?  Wait, hear me out, please?You're from Illinois.  I'm from Illinois.  And yet?  Here we are, out for fun with friends in Vegas.  Who's to say what could happen.Your sandwiches are divine.  You keep your shop clean, and your staff is AMAZING.  You always leave me happy and fulfilled.Thank you.PS - You should REALLY consider moving to California.  I could make it worth your while.
5	We are from San Diego... Husband lived in Chicago for a little while some time back. When we met he always ranted and raved about JJ's. I figured, it's a sub just like Subway, Quiznos, Submarina.....Whoa! Whoa! I WAS WRONG. JJ'S is what's up. The bread alone is AMAZING! Every time we come to Vegas this location is must. We got sandwiches on the way home this past weekend, tossed em on ice in the cooler and ate em for lunch the next day. Guess what, still phenomenal!I usually get the Night Club with peppers or the Beach Club. The beach club travels well. That's what we both got to take with. Add bacon of course.Don't be fooled, there's no place like it. There are no imitations, substitutions or good excuses to not go. Period.
5	FRIENDLY STAFFPHENOMENAL SUB SANDWICHESSUPER SCARY FAST SANDWICH MAKINGIf you don't love Jimmy John's, then you obviously have no taste-buds, and you clearly don't appreciate fast and friendly service. You must be an alien.
4	Ok went to jimmy johns and Firehouse subs to see who's tuna sandwich is better. (For my taste) I know your thinking who goes to firehouse for tuna? This guy does. Plus the lady working the counter was like "odd two people ordered tuna today."They both cost about the same.Ok first off lets go by how fast food came out. Jimmy johns wins. those dudes pump those things out like nobody's business. I pay and boom sandwich in hand. Firehouse I had to wait a bit longer but still didn't take too long. Taste is a toss up. I preferred the actual tuna in the jimmy johns. It had more crunch from the veggies. Now firehouses one held up better because the bread is softer. I feel like my teeth are not sharp enough to bite thou jimmy johns bread sometimes. And when my teeth finally get thou delicious bread, it decides to leak white fluid that will smell and look like all sorts of body fluid.  (You take ur pick.... They all dry white....) It's hard to pick a winner because I want to say the flavor is better on the JJ, but I ate more of firehouses. Just because it was easier to eat . I don't want to go about my day smelling like tuna. I'm can't tell you why but i am leaning to jimmy johns don't know why. But still both are leaps and bounds better than subway. Time to go find a breath mint to wash down the shame that is this review. Do people even read these?
5	Super fast and delightful service. Very clean and accommodating.The location is great I will be back.
4	Wifey loves this spot. She gets the #10 hunters club add avocado.  I go with the gargantuan.  Sandwhich is good. We don't have them in sj so we make sure to stop here before we fly home.
2	Soooooo I came in here because the yoshinoya place I had just went to was disgusting and I threw out the beef bowl I bought... I kept it simple. Turkey and bacon. The guy seemed annoyed that I had to decide what I wanted. Then slapped it together without even giving me a chance to ask for what I wanted o  it. In a rush to work I just paid and left. When I opened the sandwich it was on stale hard bread. Low quality meat and mushy tomatoes. Perhaps today I was not meant to eat lunch. :/ at least it was slightly more edible than the place next door!
2	Pretty disappointed in this location. I ordered my 2 sandwiches, bag of chips and drink online, using the website. I paid by credit card. I waited at least 15 minutes BEFORE leaving my home to pick up my order because I am apparently 1 block outside the 1 mile delivery zone. I then stopped on the way to Jimmy John at Chipolte to pick up another order and was in and out in three minutes. I arrived at Jimmy John, walked in and encountered three employees and a delivery driver having a loud conversation. I approached the counter and asked about my order. I was informed they had a credit card slip and no itemized ticket. The food was NOT ready. Then they proceeded to make the order, apologizing that it was not ready. As I sit and wait for my "freaky fast" order to be ready (which took them a good 7 minutes to make), I noticed the reason why my order wasn't ready in the first place. Behind the hood of the prep area and the glass partition, is my original ticket. This means the order came in and the employees didn't pay attention to the ticket. Now, I will play devils advocate and say that it was an honest mistake, but for a restaurant that prides itself on being "freaky fast", this was bungled pretty well. I love your sandwiches, and every other experience has been great, including the $1 sandwich event I attended last year. It felt like other than the employees making the sandwiches, it was apparent the others didn't care. While I waited, another customer came in and was ignored by the cashier, because he was engrossed in a conversation with the delivery driver and the  loud phone order employee. I will be back but am disappointed by the customer service at a location I really enjoy spending money at.
3	Everyone keeps talking about this place so I finally went. Sorry, wasn't impressed. I mean, it's a standard sandwich. I still feel that Capriotti's has a better sandwich. JJ's is decent. I think the bread should be softer. I will say that their pickles are great!!! Overall, not bad but not amazing.
4	Love there subs.  Service is fast and friendly.  Dining area is cozy.  Male restroom has really interesting decor.  Recommend this to anyone.
4	This location across from campus was the first Jimmy Johns I ever step foot in. I was excited for a new sandwich spot close to UNLV and I was not disappointed. Unlike most sub spots, Jimmy only offers standard sandwiches, chips and cookies. No soups, no toasted subs, no pizzas or whatever else Scumway is putting out. JJ's standard sandwich is a 9in sub (also available on sliced whole wheat bread) with an assortment of meats, cheese, and topping. You can build your own if you want but the menu focuses on some of their proven specialties. I'm a big fan of the beach club: double portion of turkey, avocado and provolone, the bootlegger club is also pretty good. At about ~$6 a pop, the sammiches are decently priced but can easily turn into a $10+ meal if you throw in chips and a drink. This location is pretty cool, its a much older building and the restaurant is very narrow. They were able to put the dining room up in the attic which is interesting. As always with the other locations JJ delivers for an added fee making is very convenient for study sessions at Club Lied.
1	Won't deliver north past Flamingo? I'm 1.2 miles away. That's probably the biggest joke in the history of delivery. Freaky fast? Try freaky fake. On a serious note, if I'm driving I'm going to Capriotti's. Usually don't give out one stars but Jimmy Johns just lost a big fan
4	First time here, wasn't disappointed.  I got a veggie sandwich and it was perfect. Really good food, try the cookies!
2	I was very disappointed by the service I received yesterday.  I placed my order at around 1:15 and the order was not delivered for over 20 minutes.  I ordered a tuna sandwich and it was over 100 degrees yesterday, so needless to say, I was a bit concerned about the sandwich.  When I mentioned to the delivery person that the order took a long time, he did not say a word - not sorry nor thank you.  He just handed me the sandwich and left.  Mind you, I had already put a gratuity on the bill on my online order ($3.00 on a $7.00 sandwich), so he was not "stiffed" on the delivery.  When I called the location, I was told that it was extremely busy and that is the reason the order took so long, but I was assured that the sandwich was made moments before it went out for delivery.   The sandwich was good, so no complaints on the quality, but the customer service was horrendous.
1	I have been to this store in the past and the sandwiches were quite solid, so this poor review is surprising.  And being a hater is not really my style but the truth must be told.A co-worker and I bought a 30 piece tray yesterday to bring lunch to the office for 6 colleagues as a way of saying thanks for all of their hard work recently.Unfortunately, the sandwiches were spindly and sad.  Very little meat and cheese, gobs of mayo, and overall the most pathetic sandwiches I have seen this side of a prison vending machine.  They were so skinny and wimpy, I kept opening the sandwich to see if anything was in there.It kind of reminded me of being on a field trip in Kindey Garden and they hand out sac lunches with some sad vacant sandwiches that have been smushed under 80 other sac lunches.The sandwiches were so anemic, I felt like I now have to go buy lunch for my colleagues AGAIN to prove I wasn't trying to insult them by feeding them those skinny-ass, wish sandwiches.   And they put onions on the sandwiches which we specifically requested be excluded.It must have been the person making trays just throws them together.  Very disappointing.The only redemption of the poor sandwiches was it becoming a topic of humor and ridicule during lunch and provided for quite comedic relief during lunch.#JJpleasehaltscrewingyourtraycustomers
4	Good food and plenty of it! Ordered over the phone and picked up. No issues at all. Beach Club on wheat with sprouts is goood!
5	On August 7, 2014, I stopped by Jimmy John's around closing. I didn't get the names of the two employees left working that night but they were so nice to me & went out of their way to serve me.  I really appreciated their kindness & service.  Of course my sandwich was delicious! Thank you two again.
3	My husband and I love ordering online because our order shows up and we don't have to deal with the employees. Before I ever stepped foot in the actual brick and mortar location, my husband was telling me how great the sandwiches are. So we found out we could order online one night after we were too exhausted even imagine leaving our house. The food came freakishly fast. And exactly as we'd ordered.Buuuuut when I came with my son, they were so rude! Any question about the menu is basically answered with, "look at the menu."I'll continue ordering online and never step foot in store.
5	Much better option for a sub than the Subways on campus. Take a nice stroll over here. The place is usually not that busy. So give them some more business! The staff are nice, the place is clean, and of course they're freaky fast.
