2	Ok if you are looking for a quick fix of sushi / sashimi, but nothing to go out of your way for. Pleasant staff but a little ho-hum , some strange patrons !If you want a good sushi bar go to Yasu on E.Cactus .
4	Oops I had put this under wrong Shogun. Sometime's this place can be hit or miss depending on who the chef is. I really miss the one they had on Dynamite it was alt larger but this one used to be tiny they have expanded and it's nice. Mainly we go there because we usually know atleast one person that still works there and their roll portions to me seem larger than most other places. You must order their specialty called the Surfer when I started going there ages ago it was not on their menu you had to ask for it, it is huge like aitleast 12 peices and tons of chunked up shrimp piled on top very yum! I like their octopus salad, salmon roe is always good there, and the tuna titaki has asways been a fav of mine as well. I have not been there in awhile but it's always a safe place I stop by if I am near. Its always clean from what I could see and I like their patio w the fire its cozy. We used to do quail egg shooter's those are always fun atleast once haha.
4	Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and was very happily surprised at my dining experience.The hostess was friendly, waiter funny and attentive, and other staff said goodbye to us as we left.Had to have edamame to start of course, and for the first time ever at a Japanese restaurant, they were steaming hot and not over salted.I had the salmon roll and a shrimp tempura roll. Tasty and fresh.  ---sorry but I'm not a fan of shashimi, so I stick to rolls.Had another dish called "Dragon Tails" which was chicken stir fried in  a spicy, almost buffalo style hot sauce. Huge portion.When I peaked at the other diners across the room every portion looked really big! I mean at least two if not three portions per serving.Our entree was out a few minutes earlier than the sushi, the waiter came by a few times and kept us updated, but it seemed as if he knew the sushi would come out later so why not wait 5 min then turn out order in to the kitchen?Nice yummy, hassle free lunch.  Thank you Shogun.
1	Okay, I'm not one to usually flame places, but they deserve it!!I had about the worst experience EVER at Shogun, and I didn't even get a chance to try their food!Went a few Saturdays back for lunch with a friend.  Upon arriving a harried guy told us to just sit anywhere, which we did.  We were catching up and after a bit realized that ~15 minutes had elapsed since we sat down.  No menus, no 'can I get you a drink', nothing.  We sheepishly looked around for our host who was nowhere to be found.  There were some occupied tables, but I would not classify it as 'busy' by any means.I flagged down a sweaty waiter who said that everyone had called in sick and he was doing his best to keep up.  He brought us both iced tea, which we did not order nor did we really want.  Still no menus.After half an hour of sitting there Mr. Sweaty threw menus on our table and assured us he would be right back.  He kept this promise and took our orders.  Tick tock Clarice....AFTER A SOLID FRICKIN' HOUR we just left.
1	How is this place in business?  Seriously!I'm still angry over how bad this place was.  My brother who was with me agrees.  So here is what happened...We sit down, look over the menu and instantly notice that the place is super expensive, even for lunch.  Then my brother points out that everyone sitting down seems to be over the age of 50 and eating huge piles of colored salads.  I'm guessing this is the turkey salad.  My theory is that for the price everyone went for quantity.  We skipped the original plan for sushi and rolls because at $12 - $15 at lunch this place did not have the atmosphere or the token chefs to warrant those prices.  We decided to start easy and try the Panko Udon noodle soup with tempura.  My false expectation:  Thick udon noodles, in a nice translucent dark broth, with tiny green onion bits floating on top, paired with a plate of assorted vegetables covered in a light fluffy batter.  Add battered shrimp or fish depending on the place.  All this would then combine in my mouth into that great saliva generating Udon freshness that I have come to love.  It arrived...-INSERT EXPLETIVE HERE-The not even joking reality:  Placed in front of me was a white bowl of soy sauce with a pile of store bought rough spaghetti noodles.  Floating in this disappointment was a horror show of deep fried unrecognizable straight from the freezer bag vegetable shapes.  I say shapes because vegetables  usually have flavor which is the whole reason for including them in a dish, these could have been cardboard cutouts soaked in grease.  I wish I was joking about the soy sauce or the noodles.  It tasted like something a Home Ec student from Beverly Hills would have made first day of class.-INSERT EXPLETIVE HERE AGAIN-Well we didn't find the hidden camera and only got a few bites into the mess before giving up.  Here is the best part, the bus boy was not at all surprised when he picked up the plates mostly unfinished.  Weird wait staff aside, Shogun is absolutely hands down the worst Sushi place I have ever eaten at.  If you can't do Udon Soup don't put it on the menu.  They should be ashamed for taking that much money from innocent people who don't know what good sushi tastes like.Avoid the disappointment and save yourself some money.  You're better off at East Wind 1 mile north at Thunderbird and Tatum.  Better yet head to over to Hiro Sushi at Shea and the 101, its absolutely worth the drive.-INSERT FINAL EXPLETIVE HERE-
2	If you're a picky sushi eater, don't waste your time here... it may be cheap, but the service and quality reflect that.Somehow, I managed to spend about $25 on my dinner there tonight, even with happy hour pricing.  I know, it's not so bad for sushi... but the service was extremely off, and the sushi was just meh.I'd been before and I'm sure I'll go again, just with the expectations in check next time.I shared an order of yellowtail sashimi, an I also had a seaweed salad (it was violet in color - have you ever seen that before?), a scallop handroll (generous in serving size but way too creamy for my liking), and an order of ikura.  We sat in the bar area... it was fine for a casual dinner with friends, but nothing fancy at all.  There are much better sushi places to choose from - even in AZ!
1	First admission: we ate a LOT of sushi, sitting comfortably at the modest sushi bar with attentive, over competent chefs.  THEN a waiter with hair to his shoulders (not tied back) ducks behind the sushi bar to get a dish. The 2nd & 3rd times, the waiter, with the unkempt hair - behind the sushi area, essentially ended our meal. Tucking his hair behind his ears then grabbing for a plate. Gross and unacceptable.
3	I like cold Sapporo on tap, so for this reason, I like Shogun.  I do not order sushi, rather, gyoza are my menu pick, at the bar, in and out.  It's quick, dark, and takes care of my 80's music quota for the month.A typical stop-in is for a beer and a snack in between shopping-always makes the errands much more enjoyable....
4	Not sure where all of the other reviewers on this site go for sushi, but I found Shogun to be right in the middle of the road for pricing.  Cheaper than Sapporo, Ra & Ah-So but a little more expensive than your traditional mom & pop sushi.  I say if you want to be seen in your micro mini with your gel head boyfriend than head to one of the aforementioned places.  If you want good sushi in a comfortable & fun setting than I would suggest Shogun.  I have been going here for nearly 20 years, well before they bought out the other side and built the bar area.  The sushi bar is always the way to go as you can be in and out in 20 minutes.  They have a fun little patio for groups (when it's not 115 outside).  I'd much rather support this establishment that has been locally owned forever than head out to another cookie cutter sushi chain.
1	Dismal, abject, revolting.  These are words one would use to describe the contents of a garbage can, or a snuff film. You know nice, pleasant things that one would enjoy on a Sunday afternoon. Shogun however deserves none of this high praise. These words are a lofty goal by their standards. I was so unfortunate to collide unwillingly with this place one Saturday for lunch and decided to order the unagi roll and the Panko Udon. I was expecting some common sense from the chef/wank they picked up off the street, but even hope fails occasionally in an explosion of misery. The unagi roll was horrible. The rice was not fully cooked, the contents were soggy and tasted old. The sushi would have been better if the chef had taken the ingredients, put them down his pants, sat on them for 5 minutes while riding a bull, and then vomited on the resulting creation. Later the Panko Udon arrived, and it was even worse. I understand that it was panko breaded and not a tempura batter, but still it was absolutely horrendous. They could not have overcooked the vegetables, shrimp, and fish more.  It was greasy, bland, insipid cooking that could not have been made better even if it were served with a diamond ring.  The store bought, cheap as you can find udon was undercooked and had the texture of noodles that had been sitting for about 30 minutes in a colander. These little beauties were served in a pool of horrific bottled tsuyu sauce that left a lingering chemical aftertaste that was just a delight to behold.I would not eat here again even if my scrotum were stapled to a chair and I was chained to a table. I have to give this place one star too many because Yelp unfortunately has a one star minimum. I would even rate any fast food chain better than this place. I have had better airline food.Cheers,Until then, get the beers in...Just not at Shogun.
2	Not a terrible dining experience, but certainly not an upper tier establishment.
2	The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.I was in Phoenix for 17 hours a couple of days ago.  It was a perfectly warm day outside, one of those beautiful early fall days in the desert when the sun bathes everything in clear, comforting sunlight.  It felt great just walking around Kierland Commons in the warm, late afternoon sunshine. My friend chose her favorite sushi restaurant in Phoenix, Shogun, for dinner.  We got there fairly early and sat at the sushi bar.  Looking around, I noticed that I was the only Buddhahead in the restaurant (and I'm only half-Asian).  "This can't be a good sign", I thought.  Don't' get me wrong:  I don't believe that a restaurant operator's ethnicity must match the culinary heritage of the food he serves.  This can't be right.  Food, like human compassion and friendship, transcends race and ethnicity.  My friend ordered most of the items off the menu.  We started with a Sunshine Roll, which was heaping mounds of spicy tuna loaded onto a modified California Roll.  The sauce for the spicy tuna was heavily mayonnaise based, which was a bit odd.  It was different, but tasty and original.The Wahoo Sashimi in ponzu sauce with sliced cucumbers was light and delicate.  Wahoo is ono in Hawaii and is a white fish that is mild and slightly sweet.  It went well with the citrus ponzu.  The Veggie Roll was odd in that the ingredients didn't blend together at all.  It consisted of cooked asparagus, some kind of weird takuan (pickled daikon radish) that was a bit bitter, kimpira gobou (burdock root), and shisou (mint leaf).  All the wasabi and gari in the world couldn't fix this roll. We also had Shake Sushi (Salmon Sushi), Octopus Salad, and some edamame.The sushi here was so far off the beaten path that the tastes were a bit off, they were almost uncomfortable to my palate.  But, it's good to try different styles of food in different settings.Food doesn't have to be perfect, or authentic, to be enjoyable.
1	I don't expect much when grabbing lunch at a mall, but I expect better than this.  The seaweed salad was a generic overly soy tasting disappointment, the rainbow roll was barely worth eating - the shrimp on the roll tasted fishy, the fish was mealy-textured, and the rich was soft and too sticky.  The yellow tail roll suffered from the same, and we luckily were cautious enough not to try sashimi.  The miso soup was served barely like warm.  The tea was served barely luke warm. That was when we finally got service, which took a veritable eternity.  Tea refills?  Good luck on getting someone's attention for that.The inside is a dismal, cavernous sport-bar/pool hall sort of feel.  Basically no redeeming features here.
4	My girlfriend and I have been Shogun fans for a few years and when we can, we'll take in a few of the monster-sized rolls, some edamame and Saki and call it a night.Today I went for the lunch special and was very pleased with the portions and the price.  The Katsu chicken was crisp and not over cooked and the roll was right on target. We usually feel like we've been well fed, well served and reasonably priced.  The fish is alway fresh, the sushi chefs always accommodating to create a special version of a standard roll and the wait staff kept our glasses filled.I read some of the other reviews and feel that over the long run, some are off base - this is my perspective from over more than a few years of being a semi-regular dinner.
4	So, my husband and I went out for Sushi last night. We tried to get into Yasu, but it was just too busy. I'll blame it on the fact that it was Good Friday. Anyhow, we decided to give Shogun a try. We entered the restaurant and was quickly shown to the sushi bar. The atmosphere was chill and relaxing. We had the Caterpillar Roll and loved it! The tuna shashimi was fresh and tasty! We even had some quail eggs and Saki. After finishing our roll, we realized that we lost track of time and had to get tot a birthday party in less than 25 minutes. The chef canceled the last roll and put a rush on our bill. We were able to get out in less than 5 minutes. The staff was friendly, accommodating, and FAST. We will most definitely visit Shogun again!
3	Shogun ChickenSunset rollTuna sashimiGodzilla tailsYaki NikuSaki bombersJust a few of the reasons we keep returning to Shogun after all these years.  I have had them cater parties on several occasions...3 stars because sometimes the rolls are loose and service can be uneven.Just sit in the bar... they take care of you there!
5	I can only speak for the food - not the sushi-  the shogun chicken with noodles and the shogun salad are the signature dishes and I LOVE THEM!  Consistently yummy for years. - nothing like it anywhere else.  Don't let the sushi haters scare you away from the regular menu - everything I've had has been great!  Ps never had a problem with service either.
5	Wow!  This is a great restaurant for sushi.  The staff was nice and the food was great.  There's a pretty lively atmosphere.  It's a bit on the pricey side but then again, it is sushi.  I definitely recommend going with a group or date ... you will have a blast!
5	After six months of eating sushi at different places around Phoenix, I just happened to stumble on this gem.  The hamachi and salmon were amazing!  The Dec 29 roll as well, almost like eating dessert.  I'm really surprised how reviewers have not picked up on this great little sushi bar inside a Japanese restaurant.  What is also amazing is that it is maybe 0.2 mi away from a terribly overpriced trendy sushi only place that I found had terrible service and sushi that was not nearly as good as Shogun!  Nice job!
4	Have not made it to Shogun in a really long time. This time Monday right after the lunch rush and before they closed before dinner I was really surprised! The chef behind the counter Sergio totally recognized us right away it was comforting to know after going somewhere for 10 yrs falling on tough times and not being able to afford it for 2 yrs that you are still remembered. My tip is to sit at the sushi bar and no where else of course that's if there's an empty seat and you can. Each chef makes the rolls different I suggest you go with the OG chefs that know how to get it done.
4	Consistently good sushi, and great happy hour specials.
4	Shogun is one of my favorite places to hang out and eat great sushi I have been going there since 1997. My favorite inside out rolls are the "Sunset Roll", "Surfer Roll" "Sunshine Roll" "Sunset" "Caterpillar Roll". My favorite hand rolls would be the "Soft Shell Crab Hand Roll" "Spicy Tuna Hand Roll" "Spicy Wahoo Roll". My favorite sashimi would be the yellowtail sashimi with orange roe, scallions and ponzu sauce.  If you stop by for lunch try a salmon sunomono for $10 it is very refreshing and it will fill you up.
4	I have been going to Shogun for over 10 years. Some of my favorites are the sunshine roll, chicken katsu and tempura. Very chill restaurant with reasonable prices.
2	I'm giving this two stars only because our server was great.  We went for happy hour and perhaps that was the problem...the spicy tuna roll wasn't spicy and tasted like they made it yesterday.  The tuna tataki didn't taste fresh and was rather bland.  We tried the inferno roll, but i could barely taste it through all the mayo.  On a positive note, the Godzilla tails were pretty tasty.  Sorry Shogun, you can do better!
1	This is a sushi bar whose 'house specialty' is turkey salad.Need we say more?
4	I am sad to see all the negative reviews....though it seems that a good majority is for the sushi, which, I do not eat. I am pretty much IN LOVE with the Chicken Katsu here. I order it with a side of teriyaki (I like to dip my chicken Katsu in the teriyaki sauce, then the Katsu sauce for a sweet and savory flavor) The Tempura is always great, we get a mixed starter. The miso is tasty. I love the little salad they serve with the peanut dressing, its the first thing I eat off my plate. So good! I didn't give them 5 stars because this last time we went (Tuesday night) our waitress was a total space Cadette. She looked like she was barely old enough to work. Had zero personality. Just wasn't feeling her at all. Other then that, this is one of my go to spots when I have a deep need for some Chicken Katsu. I have had this dish at other restaurants and none come close to Shoguns.
4	Love this place. My husband is fan of the sushi, always happy with all he chooses. He averages 90$ at dinner himself. I am a huge fan of the Giant Turkey salad that they have been famous for many many years. I also love the Shogun chicken - sauteed chicken breast with Udon noodles, not oily at all. This place is like home for us. My kids consider it their favorite stop.The tempura is crisp and flavorful- no worry of dirty over used fryer oil. I don't need to be seen at trendy places- I just want consistent meals that I have grown to love. It is perfect for girls lunch out and the bar side is fun with all the upbeat 80's music. I used to go to the bar when it was a separate establishment called Paradise Lounge. I probably have been here over 100 times. I have been in a Chef in AZ for 25 years and I know good quality ingredients when I taste them. This is the place.
3	Been to Shogun numerous times over the years and it is what it is....authentic Japanese cuisine cooked by authentic Mexicans  (no disrespect intended for either race!)  The two brothers that have been making sushi there since it opened are very good at what they do.  Their rolls are inventive and generous.  It's not the best, but you can't beat the price either.  They serve crab with a "K" and that is ok with me.  If you order a soft shell crab handroll you will know what I mean..a humungous roll made with creamy krabmeat, but for 8 bucks, I am good with that.The menu is sure to please most people, katsu, tempura etc...that is usually what I go for at Shogun, with a smattering of sushi rolls....it is what it is....a great value for Japanese food.
2	If you like long waits, over priced sushi then this is the place to go. Their menu was laking a lot of basic Sushi. Big disappointment as I was a Sushi Fien that night but not enough to eat the sushi they brought. Also, my friend (Ms. adventurous) ordered Chicken Teriyaki... now we know that is a pretty simple dish. Not for them! A  huge bowl of white rice with a minimal amount of cold chicken and I'm not sure what kind of sauce that was but it wasn't teriyaki. Although most meals come with tea, you have to ask for it. They won't offer it. There was another item that you had to request as well. I say BooOOOooooOOOOOOooo!!!  The only thing that might be worth it is the Sake. I didn't have any but a lot of the patrons had Sake on their tables and they all seemed to be on a good one..
4	I'm a fan.  The atmosphere is a little cold, but the staff makes you feel welcome.  The food is not the greatest (sometimes the goza (sp?) is cold) but it's consistent and flavorful.  Rob behind the bar may seem very busy but he makes time to leave the nicest notes on your receipts - "It was great to see you.  Have a wonderful evening." etc...They have a great happy hour too - it allows you to try a variety of sushi at 1/2 price.  Def try the Godzilla tails.  Too much fun!
1	so i went here for lunch with my boyfriend. the restaurant is a fairly good size and we were there around 1145. it was so slow, maybe 15 people in the whole place. we ordered 2 rolls and 45 minutes later still no rolls. i stopped the server asked him what had happened to our food and he said "its out of my hands" i ask for a manager, he goes to the back to get her she goes to the sushi bar and this other lady comes over to us. she said well what do you want to do? get your food and go or just go? she was incredibly rude but we ended up getting the rolls about 15 minutes later and she says "hey thanks guys". WHAT?! She was the WORST manager i have ever seen deal with a bad situation, had no realization at all for customer service, none. i know we will never ever go back here again! oh yeah and when we went to eat the food, the order was wrong! ridiculous. worst sushi place, ever!
3	Decent, reasonable and average sushi.  Service was OK, nothing to go out of your way for.  Happy hour prices are pretty good but again, don't go across town just to go here.  However, if I'm in the neighborhood and craving some sushi, I'd go here again.  Wasn't crowded, but had a decent amount of people there.  Nice for a girls' night out and near the office.  As the rating says, "A-OK".
3	Absolutely NO atmosphere. In fact the interior is so badly in desperate need of an interior design makeover, I almost hate going there.Their Sunshine roll is pretty good, however their crunch roll was pretty awful.... (topped with canned chow mein noodles??- gross!! )Even my husband wouldn't eat it!Service isnt too bad and most times we have been seated quickly.
5	I have been going to Shogun for over 10 years and I'm a huge fan. The service is always very friendly and the food does not disappoint. Get the godzilla tails or chicken over udon noodles.Best time to go: HAPPY HOUR. You can get godzilla tails for 5$ also the sushi is half off. The beer and sake are next to nothing. GO!!!!!!
1	Awful service.  We sat at the bar on a Saturday afternoon for lunch.  Probably 10 people in the place.  We were there for a half an hour with our roll card filled out and the chef never even looked at it.  We walked out and never ate.  I don't care how good the food is, I will never go in there again.
5	I think i found my new sushi home! Came here upon recommendation from a friend. Sat at the sushi bar and had an awesome experience! The guy at the sushi bar (sushi chef?) was great. Tried out of his rolls he created and was just added to the menu, the Jelly Belly roll. Loved it! Nice spicy sauce. Also loved the Surfer roll. So effing delicious!Before we left the sushi chef showed us a roll for some people at the other end of the sushi bar. For the more adult crowd, it was called the Big Johnson roll. Going to try that next time I go, lol. Hilarious!Our waitress was good as well. Kept drinks full and very nice. Had a great time and can't wait to introduce friends to this place!
4	I'd sworn off Shogun for a long time.  I used to drive from Central PHX up here just for their Shogun Chicken.  The food has always been awesome, but the last three times I'd been here, the service was beyond abysmal.  One night I'd come in specifically to tie one on with a meal, but I could only manage to get the waitress's attention for three drinks.  Kinda ridiculous.  So I was pleasantly surprised on my last visit.  We were told the table would be 10-15 minutes; we were seated in five.  Iced tea and water never reached empty.  And the food was incredible, as always.  I'm not much of a fish-eater, so I can't reliably rate their sushi, but I've always loved what I've had here. The Chicken Katsu is also very good.  I hope the good service we experienced indicates a wholesale change and was not just an anomaly.  But after being this close to calling it quits on this place entirely (and I've been eating here for 15+ years), they redeemed themselves.  I really hope they keep it up.
5	Excellent lunch. Yes the staff can be uneven. Overall the food is great Katsura chicken , greatShogun chicken , delicious Turkey Salad, yummyYou could easily live very happily on just these three dishes
3	Shogun.  Not my go-to place for sushi.  The one thing this place has going for it, it's quiet.  The fish quality is good, not A+++ super fresh, but I'll take that over the swarms of college students chanting "Sake Bomb, Sake Bomb".  Its a nice change of pace if you want to go out to sushi with friends, have a mellow quiet dinner and go home.  The rolls are generous, they have a lot of them, so read the menu carefully.  The sashimi is good although a bit uninspired.  The presentation is not as pretty as other restaurants, but it does tend to be a dollar cheaper or so for menu items.  Good selection of beer to boot.
5	This is my favorite sushi in the valley! I have been coming to Shogun since I was a kid and it is delicious. The portions are large, the quality is excellent. I love all the chef's, but Alex is our favorite! We just tell him to go for it, and we eat whatever he puts in front of us. He has never ceased to amaze us. Shogun rocks! Try the surfer roll if you're hungry; you won't be disappointed!
1	I am downgrading my last rating of 3 stars.  Some time ago, I stopped going to Shogun because of an unfortunate fish incident.  Time passed, and my husband and I recently decided to give their Happy Hour a try.  We parked the car, walked toward the door, and were hit with a bad oil smell that completely changed our minds.
2	The quality of the sashimi has been very poor the last few times we visited Shogun. We used to go once  a week but  it is doubtful if we will return anytime soon after three or four disappointing meals.
4	I have been to Shogun twice in the last 2 months, and love the quality an portions.  Last night they had a classic rock band and threw the happy hour into full force for it..  This was the first night that I ordered anything other than "The cold stuff", and got a teriyaki bowl along with a few pieces of nigiri.  The bowl was great...but once again the big pieces of nigiri style sushi were fantastic.  I have been to Sushi Brokers (good), RA (also good) as well as Satori and a Stingray etc...  Quality wise, Shogun is the best.  BUTAnd I love this...but the atmosphere is completely different than any of these other "Trendy" sushi choices.  There isnt a whole lot of ZEN floating around and I think that it used to be a Hibachi style grill in the past.  Still...the bar area is a completely non-pretentious, regular bar.  They also have a sushi bar in the center...but I have just stayed at the bar the two times that I have been there.  Both times I have made great friends up there and the bartender is on top of everything.  It's dimly lit and feels like a regular working class bar with the added gift of the best sushi I have had. They definitely take their sushi seriously.  Thats a good thing...cause so do I!  See you soon!
3	I work near Shogun and usually end up going there for lunch multiple times a week.  The first time I went, I was unimpressed and didn't think I would return.  Since then, I have learned where the gems are in their menu and what items should be avoided so the menu items are kinda of hit and miss.During lunch time (before 2:30pm) they have these amazing specials which help me afford a sushi lunch several times a week.  They have a sushi roll for half off and a combo (usually a roll and teriyaki chicken) for $7.  The rolls in the combo change from day to day and the half off roll is always different from the combo roll.  I usually bring a coworker and we share the an order of the half price roll, the special combo and order an extra bowl of rice.  This usually puts our sushi lunches at $14 together -- making lunch super affordable and always delicious.Some favorite rolls include the vegas and the tuna crunch roll (especially the tuna crunch roll).  The soft shell crab hand roll is a favorite of a coworker of mine. I'm not fan of any of their rolls that have a tempora/spicy mayonnaise combo (the chimichanga roll comes to mind).  Those are usually too heavy to be enjoyable.Overall, Shogun isn't amazingly different, but their sushi is good.  Their lunch specials are a steal and the waiter staff is nice and assertive.  I'd also like to note that their regular rice and teriyaki (or other prepared meat) bowls are huge, and are family sized as oppose to individual sized.
2	This place is far from any Sho gun I've been to. My roll was terrible. Boring, bland, not spicy like described, too warm and avocados were brown. Tasted like grocery store sushi. Kids meal was good, tempura...veggies were good but seafood was not. I will not go back here. Hostess and other servers seemed nice, mine had no personality and did not know the menu at all. I sure miss California sushi places. Any suggestions? Phoenix area???
1	I'm literally yelping 10 minutes after leaving this place because it really blows ass.... This is even bad by shitty strip mall sushi standards. I wanted to make it my neighborhood cheap sushi place (cuz its nice to have a cheap sushi place where they know you and you know that its not gonna be great but it'll do when you want sushi and dont wanna spend too much), but this ain't it....First off, I have a thing about filling out the stupid fucking check sheets all cheap, shitty sushi bars want you to fill out. NUMBER ONE, THEY HAVE ALL THE NAMES THEY MADE UP OF ALL THE SHIT THEY MAKE BUT NO EXPLANATION OF WHAT THEY ARE! WHAT THE HELL IS A SUNSHINE ROLL ANYWAY? So, I sit down, introduce myself  with a smile and ask the name of the sushi guy. I explain that I'd rather just have him tell me whats fresh and explain what kinds of things I like and would he mind just taking care of if. Simple enough in a empty goddamn sushi bar right? NO!!!! He basically tells me, if you don't fill out my stupid fucking directions, I'm not smart enough to prepare you sushi.Not wanting to be a complete butt hole and stand up, leave and go to Yasu where they have a clue (a decision I am now regretting) I smile, fill out the sheet and wait for what I expect, the same ol shit you get at every strip mall sushi bar in the country..... To cap it off, my girl and I had one cocktail each, a total of 2 nigiri orders and 4 rolls...... IT WAS $100 DOLLARS.... I HAVE NO PROBLEM SPENDING EVEN TWICE THAT MUCH. BUT FOR A CRAP VERSION OF STRIP MALL SUSHI??? NO WAY... THIS PLACE JUST BLOWS... NOT A JAPANESE GUY EXISTS WITHIN TWO BLOCKS OF THIS PLACE...THE CLOSEST JAPANESE GUY IS TWO BLOCKS AWAY AT YASU. HELL, THERE ISNT EVEN A KOREAN GUY IN THIS PLACE.... RIDICULOUS....
1	Terrible! Service was blatantly rude and unattentative, they encourage you to sign up for their email list and then when you inquire about the emailed advertisements they won't honor them. Happy hour menu has only 3 sushi rolls, they ran out of draft beers (which were on special or $3, then charged us $5 for the same beer in a bottle), food was so-so, and they charge a 5% tax per bill for dining in. This was my second trip and I am very unimpressed, will not be returning!!!
3	I would have given them one star except the manager the next day handled our situation perfectly!  I ordered a sushi roll (along with my husband) and our children ordered a meal.  I am a little picky since I only like "soy paper".  Since I know that people sometimes don't read the paper - we specifically told the waitress "soy paper" and pointed it out.  When all the food came; seaweed it was.  We sent it back, no problem.  Well the replacement NEVER came.  She forgot me.  My family was done eating and when she checked on us ONCE, we canceled it.  She was not apologetic, nor handle herself well at all.  When I did call the manager though, he sent us a gift card so we would come back and try them again.  Glad he did, or else we would have been swayed to not go back.  I feel they handled themselves well once the "person in charge" knew what happened.!
2	When I first moved here 15 years ago, this was a great place. It has gone downhill so much that I cannot reccomend it at all. I don't think anyone in the kitchen is Japanese, and the cooks dont know how to prepare basic dishes, such as tempura.  If you order shrimp tempura (hi $$$), you will only get 2 medium size shrimps on your plate. I asked if this was a normal amount to find on the shrimp tempura entree - and was told "yes only two". The fried batter was oily and not crispy as one expects with tempura, and the vegetables inside were mushy and tasteless. Some of the pieces i could not even identify. The miso soup was tasty but room temperature. My chicken katsu was hard and dry, and I had to wait a long time to get a knife to cut it, as we could not find a server to help us. The service was poor. My friend enjoyed his eel sushi, but I did not sample that. I think there must be better Japanese places to eat. The place is often crowded - so I believe many patrons just don't know what good Japanese food should taste like! And the owners probably don't care about the poor quality as long as they get tourists who show up and pay their bill.
5	Over the years this place has been our main-stay.  We go for one thing, the Surfer Roll.   It is the best roll we have ever had, or ever found anywhere.  The place is just solid.  Good price, good service and a lot of fun.  Take our tip... forget sitting in the dining room.  Sit at the bar, take the recommendations of whoever is working behind the counter, and order at least one Surfer.  You won't be disappointed.
2	Shogun might be ruined for me. Me and my friend got sick after the Surfer Roll. Ugh. Haven't had sushi since. :-(
3	An okay place for Japanese food and sushi. We were looking for something near our hotel and came across Shogun. The service was pleasant and attentive. The food was decent, but nothing outstanding.Everyone had a different dinner combination and sushi. The Surfer Roll wasn't too bad. You definitely do get a lot of food. Between the dinners and a few roll orders the table was covered in plates.
5	Shogun is one of my favorite spots to grab a few rolls.  It is the only place in the valley that I have found that serves Wahoo (otherwise known as Ono).  The spicy Wahoo roll, the Wahoo sashimi and the Sunset roll are two of my absolute favorites.  I have been stopping by for years and it is consistently good.  I have a lot of friends that are fans of the Godzilla tails too.  Oh, the tempura onion rings are the best onion rings I have ever had!  I will continue visiting this favorite little spot.
4	The service was slow to get the food out,  but was well worth the wait. The turkey salad was wonderful. Get the big size and share with someone. The california rolls with soy paper were melt in your mouth wonderful. Will be back for sure for the same order!
5	One of my favorite spots to grab dinner! The happy hour menu is awesome. I love their apps, especially the godzilla tails. My roommate loves their steak appetizer. And I am a huge fan of their sushi. My favorites include the shogun roll and the surfer roll. I have never eaten any of the normal non-sushi entrees, but again, my non-fish eating roommate loves their teriyaki chicken bowl. The bar staff is very friendly and efficient. Plus, there is a large TV in the bar, so if there is a sporting event on you can watch. Great place!
4	Sushi for me is an acquired taste, one that I am still acquiring as a matter of fact. So it's pretty profound that I really enjoyed my meal here. I wasn't thrilled with the Las Vegas Roll but the Soft Shell Crab and especially the Spicy Yellowtail rolls were amazing. Throw in some sake bombers and a good time was had by all.
4	Still giving them a 4 for the food. It is ALWAYS amazing. However the service is at a TWO :(  the service is getting worse and worse by the visit :(A few weeks ago me and a few girlfriends went on a Friday night. Yes they were super busy but our waiter may have been the worst waiter I have ever encountered anywhere. Ever. Drinks were messed up. Drinks would take a solid 20 minutes to com if they came at all. Everybody's food came out great but when the bill came he had billed us for a few extra things. At one point he was not comprehending that 2 + 1 = 3 and not FOUR. Good grief! We had the manager at our table several times. He did take care of us and made things right. But dang. I reallllly hope they get their act together. I love eating here but really can not take one more bad service from them.
5	I love this place after years and years of going. I always get the turkey salad and am never disappointed. Service is quick and efficient. Atmosphere is nice too.
5	Zen 32? Not for me. Stingray? Too expensive.I'm partial to Shogun. Located conveniently in the Paradise Valley Mall circle, I choose Shogun every year for my official birthday dinner. Rob has been our family's dedicated waiter for over a year now. Every time we walk in, he knows us all by name and remembers our drink orders. (Because everything on the menu is so delicious, our food orders change too often to remember!)The happy hour prices are the best I've found in the Phoenix area, and the quality of the fish isn't compromised. Best thing on the menu by far? The handrolls! Any flavor! They're humongous. Not like the measly ones served at other restaurants with a sad excuse for some fish and a ton of rice with a lonely stalk of cucumber. No, gigantic. It would be more accurate to say that these are almost as large as an ice cream cone. And they are filled with deliciousness.I have been coming to Shogun for 8+ years and will continue to do so, as I always leave with a full belly and a happy heart.
4	One of the best sushi places in town and worth going just to try the godzilla tails which are fantastic!
4	Good neighborhood resturant ,  foods good , reasonable prices and better then average service, .. Paco and Sergio the chefs have been there for ever.. Bar side happy hour is not bad to.. ( upgrade all your TV's to flat screens  this is 2012 after all) LOL
4	Food is great and sushi well priced for what you get as compared to other local sushi places. Service is decent hence the 4 stars. Otherwise, visit and enjoy especially for the sushi lovers.
5	Been going here for more than 20 years and have found it to be consistently reliable. Whether at the sushi bar or at a table we've never left disappointed. I miss the candy sushi though.
2	My wife and I were visiting from Southern CA and had a hankering for sushi. If you appreciate fine sushi, DO NOT eat here. The restaurant is somewhat dingy, and the sushi chefs are not overly responsive. We ordered a rainbow roll that was halfway decent, but the crunchy roll was horrible and had dried noodles on top. This place deserves a pass .
1	your emails are either scams or have never worked....get it together or stop sending them out.
2	It's ok. I've come here and been wowed by the sushi then other times I can't really say either way. Today we had the miso soup and it was ok. Edamame was good though messing that up would take some work. Our teriyaki chicken is delicious and the turkey salad as well. Waitress is nice and so is everyone else.I'll give it two stars due to average food and environment. Btw everyone swears by the Godzilla tails which are just super small strips of chicken in what I liken to a buffalo sauce. Ehhh cheap if you ask me. But hey they work.I'll end with its worth a try:)
5	Hands down best sushi bar in the valley. The service is always amazing plus its a great spot for happy hour too!
5	My husband and I recently had dinner at Shoguns and really enjoyed our experience.  I always order the Signature Salad and Tempura my husband likes the Tuna Sashimi. The wait staff was very attentive and had the tuna prepared exactly the way my husband likes it.
1	For the love of gawd...what crappy, sub-par sushi that is over priced. Lunch cost me and my girlfriend $70, no specials but one roll and the sushi was equivalent to a buffet style sushi at a cheap oriental place. Just to get the taste out of our mouths and get our sushi fix we went to Stingray in Old town Scottsdale and the quality, service, larger portions and lower cost turned it all around for us.
4	My husband and I love going to this place for happy hour, we go at least once a week. Great prices on select rolls and drinks.  AND the happy hour goes until late, so we don't have to rush from work to get there in time!  We always get the godzilla tails (YUM) and the fried calamari appetizers, very good!  I'm planning on working my way through they're sushi menu asap. The staff is always very attentive and friendly. Highly suggest!
5	This is our absolute favorite neighborhood sushi restaurant.  Their rolls are fantastic, always tasty and just the right size as well.  We've been to many other high end establishments, and while their sushi is typically very good their rolls are more than you can eat in one bite and tend to fall apart, not so at Shogun.  Perfect rolls every time.
1	Worst sushi I've ever had. I guess you get what you pay for, but I thought that since it was the "oldest Japanese restaurant in Phoenix", that it might be good. The staff messed up our order and then when we got the missing roll, argued about it's quality (poor). I will never go here again.
4	Love me some Shogun!! I first went here with my cousins, and we had a bunch of different rolls. I can't remember the exact names (Sake anyone??) but it was some of the best sushi I have eaten. I hear their chicken katsu is awesome too, but I have only tried the sushi. It's delicious and reasonable.
4	Best spicy tuna handroll in town, but I have many other favorite.  Sometimes the service is inconsistent, but overall it is my favorite sushi place to eat.
1	Worst sushi I've ever had- piles of rice and imitation crab meat is all I can recall.
4	Great happy hour. We always get Godzilla Tails with a side of rice and a yellowtail roll. This is one of our go-to spots when we know exactly what we want. The sushi is good, the service is good, and the patio is wonderful when it isn't crowded. Happy hour is every day from 7-close in the bar, which is less like "happy hour" and more like...lower priced food in the bar.
5	Delicious food, great atmosphere, and an overall good time. We came in for some sushi and drinks and we were not disappointed. Food was delicious, drinks reasonably priced, and the service was awesome. Our bartender, Rob, was attentive, not to mention funny. He was on top of everything so we were never left waiting. Great time and we will definitely be back!
5	Best in Phoenix -- hands down - kept secret off the beaten path.. Puts others to shame .. ALL GOOD ..
2	They may be the oldest sushi bar in town, but they are an American sushi bar.  Expect the rice to be sweet, the krab mix to be sweet and the ginger to be laced with nutra-sweet.  Great if you want to take your new girl for her first California roll, but if you know Japaneese food, you will say "pre pak".
5	My most favorite Sushi Restraunt ever!  The freshest sushi in the valley!
5	Food was great. I had tempura for dinner. Also had 2 pieces of tuna and 2 pieces of yellowtail sushi. All good. Soybeans were cooked well, seasalt delicious. Iced tea was refreshing. Service was a little awkward, I think the girl was very new though so no big deal.  Lots of seating there on Memorial Day. No reservations taken for small parties, ours was 5 people.  Prices for the 2 piece sushi were higher than most places. Happy hour sushi wasn't as good of a deal as, say, Sushi 101, in Tempe on University.
4	What happened to Rob? He was the best waiter in that place!!!!
4	Ate here for lunch last weekend for the first time in over 8 years. I was happy to see that not much had changed, and the sushi was as delicious as ever! I was, however, disappointed in the available sushi lunch specials--I was so spoiled in NYC with all of the cheap sushi lunch spots everywhere! The lunch menu here is seriously lacking in sushi, so I opted for a bento box which was huge (and cost about $13). I liked just about everything involved, and you get choices for each section of the box. You do get sushi with the bento box, but the selection is limited-either one roll (I got the spicy tuna, which actually had a lot more to it than just tuna-yum!) or two pieces of nigiri. I also got teriyaki chicken, which was good but did not come with any rice...that was a bit unexpected, but because there's so much food in the bento box I didn't miss it. My friend ordered a side of it to go with hers and I don't think they charged us for it. For the "salad" option you can choose from sumunomo (probably butchered the spelling on that), turkey salad (sounds random but is actually really good), or seaweed salad (which I ordered). Seaweed was fresh and tasty, and the portion was definitely decent.You can choose between shumai (shrimp dumplings), gyoza (pork dumplings) or something else that sounded calorie-bombish (I wanna say it was fried cheese? I didn't order it either way). My friend and I were steering clear of fried food so we got the shumai, which ended up being quite fried indeed! I haven't ever seen fried shumai, but I tried a small bite and it was decent but greasy. I was glad that the small amount of sushi I had with lunch was as tasty and fresh as ever-I will definitely be back for more!
2	This is a place clearly in decline.  Last visit there was about eight years ago and it was just okay then.  Decided it was time to give it another try.The sushi from Fry's grocery store is actually a little better.The decor is suffering, staff are mostly indifferent and it feels like no one there cares any more.Much better sushi at Yasu Sushi Bistro near Target on Cactus.That will be our last visit.
5	Best in Phoenix -- hands down - kept secret off the beaten path.. Puts others to shame .. ALL GOOD ..
4	The best in Phoenix !!
2	I have such a love hate relationship with this place.  The food is great as the Surfer Roll is my favorite dish!  The problem is......the service here always seems to suck. I cannot believe that the Owners have not figured this out.  They really need to put their servers through a "How to be a server" course.  Expect them to forget to refill your drink as well as other things that you had asked for.
4	Have not been here in some time but the food and service is still very good. Our favorite is still the Karage Chicken and Tempura. Also shared the Pork Katsu which was a little on the hard side. The service was very good considering we had 20 and they were very prompt to ensure your glass was filled.Prices are average and will not break the bank, ask to see if they have the dinner for 2 for $29.99 which has a appetizer 2 entrees and dessert.Restaurant is very family friendly and also nice for a quiet dinner for 2
1	This place was so disappointing.  Maybe they are known for their sushi, but since we were there for noodles, we didn't order sushi.  Unfortunately, their udon dish that they used to have in a broth was no longer on the menu.  Our server barely spoke english so we had a language barrier and she kept insisting we order their udon dish that was stir fried.  Instead I ordered their garlic chicken dish with rice.  The chicken was OLD and you could tell it had been flash fried quite a few times.  It was rough and wouldn't even tear apart when I was trying to cut the chicken into smaller pieces.  I couldn't even finish my dish.  The husband had these pork cutlets that he said was way too sweet and extremely dry.  He, too, had a hard time cutting his pork.  We ordered our son the udon stir fry and he ate about 4 bites and said he was "full".  So about $50 later, we left hungry and irritated and swearing we'd never come back here again.  So sad.
1	Our family has frequented Shogun for years and we are done. The service is awful and the food has gone  downhill. While I hope that their manager Shelly has success turning it around, it is obvious that the owners don't care. Our friends are saying the same thing.
1	If I could rate 0 stars, I would. Slow service, my Godzilla tails were cold on first delivery. On return, they were microwaved and tougher than beef jerky. The waitress did not apologize or take them off the bill. Who manages this place anyway. Used to be a favorite, but last two visits have been epic failures. Sucky!!
5	Favorite Restaurant of all times. My family has been eating at Shogun for 27 years. Back then they were the only Japanese restaurant in Phx. We have tried a lot of them as they would open and we have left kicking ourselves in the ass for wasting our money and being disappointed. we are a family of 7 and we all have our favorites. chicken Katsu for me Shogun chicken for my pops, mom goes for the rolls Sunshine roll tops her list but many other rolls are close behind, my sister craves the turkey salad like a crack head ( she lives in TX and always straight from the airport to Shogun) little brother usually gets the Godzilla Tails and the twins get the shrimp with veggies tempura. If you have never had Shogun do yourself a favor and give them a visit you wont kick yourself in the ass when your done.
5	Great Sushi the best i have ever had. I have tried a lot of places in many different cities and this is the best. Everything from their regular roles of spicy tuna or yellow tail to their off menu's specialties like the nitro roll or OMG(OH MY GOD) roll. I live 45 minutes away and go here every week and can't get enough.
5	Great Sushi and Godzilla tails.  Everything we ordered was perfect and the service was impeccable. Will definitely be back soon.
4	I enjoyed my recent visit to Shogun.Went around 9pm, ate at the bar.  Ordered a variety of sushi, enjoyed it all.  Highly recommend the Spicy Yellowtail Roll - Yum!
2	Some friends and I were meeting up for sushi and this place was one of the closest sushi places to their house so we decided to stop by.  It was fairly busy when we showed up but we were seated right away which was nice.  Half of our party (the guys) were going to be showing up a little later but we went ahead and ordered some drinks and appetizers to tide us over until they showed up.  The waitress was nice if somewhat lacking in her knowledge of the menu but we didn't really mind.After getting our appetizers and initial drinks we really didn't see our waitress, well actually let me rephrase that, we saw her at other tables around us just not at ours.  Now, I understand that we had told her we were going to wait to order until our party shows up so it's not like we expected her to show up and take our whole order, but she wasn't even coming around to fill our water glasses or to check and see if we needed refills.Once the guys showed up and we ordered the food came out and I was kind of underwhelmed.  None of it was bad but it was all pretty average.  The only thing memorable were the Panko Breaded Onion Rings which were fantastic.  Honestly I would go just for those babies.  As for the sushi I may try a different roll and see if that made a difference and I would definitely hope for a server who's a little more attentive.
3	I have been going to Shogun for a little over 2 decades. The food has been consistent and prices are fair. The service can improve a bit. Lately however, I noticed 5% surcharge on the sushi and sashimi items if one were to order from a table as opposed to from the sushi bar.  The question is, whether or not if there is extra cost involved in bringing the food from the kitchen versus bringing the food from the sushi bar. I cannot find any rationale or justification.I am wondering if Shogun is prepared to accept the consequences of losing $60 or higher in revenue due to their wishes of collecting 5% extra.To be fair, the sushi and sashimi items that were ordered were fresh, well cut according to Japanese tradition, and tasted good.
3	The service is awful especially at the bar.  You practically have to tackle someone to get a drink, and it gets really tiresome looking around for your server to get a refill of ice tea, and nobody seems to care if you complain.  Why do I keep coming back??  The spicy tuna handroll is the best in town, the turkey salad is one of my favorites, and a chicken sandwich that is to die for.  As long as I stick with what I know I'm fine (though there are some inconsistencies.)  The place needs to be remodeled, and someone who works there has to pretend they give a damn about the food, service, or the customers in order for me to continue coming.
3	Very nice sushi bar and restaurant. Service is unusually good for the valley and the Shumi is to die for. The sushi is passable nothing outstanding. Location is kinda weird but once inside the atmosphere is great.
4	As soon as I pull into the parking lot I want to sprint into the building and jot down my order as fast as possible. I know exactly what I want. A Surfer Roll. It's my favorite thing on their menu and the moment it hits my table I'm like a ninja with my chop sticks ready to eat. They do have a variety of other rolls, and I enjoy quite a few of them, but nothing compares to the Surfer Roll. The service can be hit or miss and some of the prices are a smidge high, but overall definitely worth 4 stars!
4	We found ourselves at this corner, craving for a quick eat. We ducked in and were impressed by the sushi chef's quick service to sushi bar patrons and the hair hygiene of all waiters & sushi chefs. The one exception was the bartender. The yellow tail & tuna hand rolls were loaded and very tasty; we'll return!
1	My wife stopped in and grabbed some takeout, not sure how much she looked at what they posted on their menu?  It was actually really good sushi, then I looked at the bill.  There was a 15% "Sushi Tax". I called to see if they informed people they were adding 15%, that was a tip for the sushi chef, not the server, and she said it was posted.  I may be wrong, but I thought you were supposed to also tell people verbally that money was added to the bill.  Regardless, I was told it's posted all over the place and they have different levels (5% if sitting at sushi bar).  I find this to be a little under-handed and I'm disappointed as I enjoyed the sushi, best we've had since moving to the area.  We won't go back when restaurants aren't 100% up front about what they add on the bill.
4	Been coming here for 15 years on a very regular basis.Consistent good, appropriately priced sushi.The 'regulars' order off the menu without issue but also know to ask for the 'secret sushi menu' which is comprised of some rolls that the sushi chefs made for regular customers.For a laugh, get the Big Johnson.The Surfer roll is the best roll on the menu.Eel is great!Salad dressing is nice.I don't care for the Turkey salad which is slivers of turkey cold cut combined with shredded cabbage in a very boring salad dressing. Too bland! Yes .25 beer on Monday is excellent seeing as they have imported beer on two for that price: Kirin Ichiban, Sapporo, and domestic s.Happy hour menu is limited but dirt cheap.
3	Sushi was very good and fresh. The restaurant was very busy, probably due to the $0.25 draft beers on Monday night's. The sushi counter was kinda awkard with high panels.
5	One of the better sushi places around. Always good food and the lunch specials are cheap. The shogun chicken is really good.
3	Pros-lots of sushi variety for rollsbig portions even with sakeCons-food tasted mehI didn't like the shogun roll specialappetizer-sauce was good texture was chewyexpensive service was not very good they barely speak english and wouldn't split our checks
3	Expensive and slow, but once we were served, it was good. I liked the New York roll. They did have gluten-free tamari, so that's a plus. The atmosphere is nice and the staff knows their stuff, once you can get their attention. With other sushi restaurants within ginger-throwing distance, it is easy to keep moving on to another.
3	Hostesses were very nice and welcoming when we walked in for dinner, and so were the other servers. However, the server we got gave off a little bit of a bad attitude vibe. My friend and I ordered 3 rolls, and one of them was a Las Vegas roll which I had ordered. We received our first 2 rolls and I thought maybe she was going to bring out the Las Vegas next. She didn't, and once we had finished the 2 rolls of sushi, I asked the server if the Las Vegas roll was going to be out soon (thinking maybe she forgot). Sounding annoyed, she said, "It's not even done yet! It like takes awhile to prepare." Okay, chill out; it was a simple question and there was no need to "like" seem so annoyed by it. Other than that one small incident, the sushi was decent, nothing too special but it was good.
5	I've been going to Shogun for 30+ years.  I'm amazed at the consistency of quality.  They have many of the same dishes I fell in love with so long ago.  They recognize us now.  We order sushi and several cooked dishes and simply haven't had a bad experience.  I especially like their hot green tea with its secret ingredient. :)
4	Love this place for a consistent, great menu. The Godzilla tails, huge sushi menu and saki bombers, the best. Eat in the bar or dining room, but the bar has a real neighborhood feel.
5	This is by far the best sushi for many miles and miles around.  I've sampled many in the central phoenix area and have been so very pleased with Shogun.  If you are in the mood for great sushi, just give this place a try.  Sit at the sushi bar and order your favorites, or better yet, tell the sushi chef what your likes are and let him make an amazing roll or two for you.  Enjoy!
4	Shogun is typically my second choice for sushi, but that being said this place is still great. The service is really good too, which is what makes me keep coming back. Ingredients are fresh, and definitely check out happy hour for some great deals on drinks. A bit pricey, but a nice splurge now and then.
5	My most favorite sushi place in town!  Fresh food, great service, friendly staff and the best value for your money!  Ten stars!
4	Being a first timer here, we were impressed with the size and atmosphere of the restaraunt. Not your typical sushi joint. There was a separate bar area with multiple TV's showing the Monday night football game, and even some TV's in the dining area. It was busy which is always a good sign!Overall our sushi was pretty good. Your typical rolls were on the menu, along with some specialty rolls. Prices were decent too. The best part of the night was their happy hour, 25 cent tap beers. Can't beat that!!I'm not sure what HH specials they run other nights, but Monday nights are definitely a winner with us.
