5	Hands down the best in the burgh' Mineo's has to come in second The pizza has a sweet sauce, the dough is fresh, and the cheese is top notch. Fiori's is open late and is always packed with people. Grab a seat, and proceed to make sweet love to this pizza!T
5	Fiori's has the Best Pizza on Earth, hands down. I have been eating there since we moved to Brookline in the 70's. My god, this pizza is perfect, the sauce sweet, the pepperoni crispy, with a small pool of the, oh, so good grease. I always dip my crust in it , heh. They have some Shakies behind the counter if you ask. Expect to wait if you stop while bar hopping and actually even finding a parking spot, can be a task. Man, I can't wait to get back to Pittsburgh.
5	LOVE this pizza! It is a little out of the way but completely worth the drive and strife of parking on that hill. The crust is the perfect thinness, the sauce has a slightly sweet tang and the cheese is delicious! I live in Oakland and make excuses to go to the south hills just so I can have Fiori's pizza.
5	I love pizza. A lot of people like one type of pizza. I like all kinds. Lets make that clear.  I love the pizza in Italy, New Haven CT, Post Corner pizza in Darien,CT,NYC and even the French make a mean pie. This pizze is a NY style. If this is not your fancy, move on.Perfect slice thickness, chewey with chrispness, tastefull sauce and a balance of cheese.  I had two slices. One cheese and one with meatball. Both very hot out of the oven. The meatball was my favorite. Cut up homeade meatballs on pizza! No credit cards. ATM onsite.
5	Used to be a devout Mineos kind of guy but I have been converted to Fiorism.   Just love the cheese and crust.
5	best pizza in the south hills.  possibly in the city.  old style pizza shop with a get it and get the hell out of the way atmosphere.  my mouth is watering right now just thinking about this place...
4	Fiori's is always great pizza - especially when you're on the way home from town and hungry.  It's open late, and usually packed on the weekends.  My recommendation, however, is to go to Campitis (a few blocks away, on Potomac Ave in Dormont) if it's not too late, as they have the best pizza in Dormont.  But you'll never go wrong here, either. Quick, good pizza, and always a pleaser.
4	i highly recommend this pizza.  i'm a fan of several different pizza styles and this is a good old medium crust style.  it's more on the side of ny style pizza with that medium sized crust.  i tried a large mushroom with half pepperoni.  they bury the pepperoni under the cheese (minus one star).  i prefer seeing the pepperoni because of the fact we only wanted half the pizza with pepp and couldn't tell which side was which.  we had leftovers and i wasn't as big of a fan of the cold pizza from here.  i will say though, this pizza fresh from the oven- the best i've had yet here in pittsburgh.
5	I love pizza and this is AMAZING!! It has a sweeter sauce (which I love!)...  and great mozzarella cheese... I order the pizza well done because it is a little softer and that makes it much better! I dare someone to try this and not love it... The workers and always super fast and completely on top of everything... The only downfall is that the pizza is a little more expensive over other pizza places... but it's worth it!
4	A south hills legend.  The only problems are a total lack of parking and long wait but a great pizza if you can be patient.
4	This is a dive.  A true dive.  The lack of pretentiousness and extraneous decor in the building are mirrored in the food that you get here.  I would recommend staying away during popular hours due to the fact that the parking is somewhat difficult -- the scant parking is on the side of the building and on the side of the road going up the steep hill.  It really doesn't matter if you will be dining in or carrying out, you need to walk to the counter first to place your order.  If you have more than one person in your group, all the better since they can be on the look-out for a coveted table.  Once you order, pay for it.  On my first time here, I sat down and waited to be served -- they won't come.  I then ordered at the counter and was given the option of paying before or after the meal and I chose after -- the people making the food will assume you haven't arrived and will go slow in the preparation, PAY!With the niceties out of the way, you can focus on finding a table or just sit back and relax if someone in your crew already found one.  I have been here twice already and these people just don't stop.  It is a well-greased assembly line that only lets you down if you don't follow the proper path (look at the above paragraph).  Both times I contented myself to watch the large numbers of people that enter through this pizza parlours doors while we waited on our order:First Trip only:Garlic breadHot wingsBoth Trips:Meatballs (x2) and red saucePepperoni Pizza with Extra Cheese (12" - 8 cut)The meatballs, wings, and bread came out rather quickly.  The garlic bread was nothing special, just a loaf brushed with a garlic oil and warmed.  Very simple, but somewhat weak in the garlic department.  The buffalo wings were good.  They were not hot/piquant; but they actually had good flavor and that is really what counts.  They were slightly more acidic than many of the wings that I have had in the area and that went well with a little bit of blue cheese.  The meatballs were about the size of a racketball.  Very little to no seasoning in both the sauce and the meatballs.  I was quite surprised to find that I enjoyed them.  The small number of ingredients that go into making this simple sauce and meatball had to be in proper proportion each time to get that wonderful flavor -- so far they are batting 2/2.  Our pizza arrived steaming hot and smelling wonderful.  I could tell from the small bits of brown that were beginning in the cheese that the pizza had been cooked fully and to the proper temperature.  There is nothing worse than a pizza that is pulled too soon.  I ate my first piece and was amazed at the flavors.  The pizza, overall, had a sweet undertone.  As I started on my second piece, I began to take more note of the flavors.  The crust had a slightly sweet flavor, was a tad doughy/soft, but was super thin and had a very good flavor.  The sauce was also sweet; it tasted like the sauce that came with the meatballs.  Tasting the pepperoni, again there was this sweet undertone to it.  I must say, I am not usually a fan of sweet foods, but this wasn't unnaturally sweet and it was tasting good.  What amazed me the most was the near-perfect execution of the pizza with so few ingredients and none of the usual and stereotypical Italian seasonings.  Yeah, I enjoyed this pizza.  It is definitely the best I have had in Pittsburgh.  I will be returning for my pizza fix again and again and again...  They only accept cash, if you have none there is a convenient ATM near the singles/kiddie bar.  They are open until 3am on the weekends, so if you get a late night hankering for pizza you are in luck.  Just be advised you will have to then battle the post-bar crowd.NOTE:  If you must have the Italian seasoning, you won't like this pizza.  Also, be careful of ordering too many toppings or extra cheese as the crust is so thin and has a hard time holding it up -- not an issue if you eat with a fork.
4	Gotta say I'm a big fan, grew up with it and still miss it to this day. If you don't like grease...don't come in the door. This is for pizza people.
5	I LOVE Fiori's. The thought of their slices makes me drool. I can't think of a more perfect pizza anywhere. The pizza sauce is so deliciously sweet, and the crust is the perfect ratio of crunchy to chewy.
5	I live in california now and NO ONE can make pizza like Fiori!!! mmmmmm
5	I love N.Y. style pizza.  Could eat it every day.  On a recent to trip to Pittsburgh I tried alot of pizza and this was my fave.  One thing about Pitt pizza... it is slightly different than true NYC style:  the crust is not as thin and there's a whole lot more cheese.  As a rule Pitt pizza also has a slightly sweeter tomato sauce.  The sum of its parts is still delicious.A delicious close cousin to NYC pizza.The pizza I tried in Pitt in my order of favorites:Fiori'sPizza Sola (Penn Circle Branch)Pizza PerfectaAiello's (Murray Street)Beto'sSave for Beto's, I thought they were all delicious.  Wish I had a chance to try Mineo's.  A Pittsburgh native friend of mine calls this his favorite but they were closed July 5th when I went by their place on Murray... I'll try them next time I'm in the 'burgh.I can't imagine anybody beating out Fiori's.  Their "cuts" (Pittsburgh parlance for "slice") were a perfect Pittsburgh version of NY style pizza.Fiori's to me was the best in Pittsburgh because it had the perfect amounts of chew, char, crust, cheese, sauce.The place itself has a perfect old school been-in-the-neighborhood-for-years vibe with a couple of tables and booths.  Unpretentious.  Neighborhood.  Open Late.  Perfect.
5	I grew up eating this.   Any time I'm on west liberty I stop and get a slice.  Great family owned business.   Sweet cheese.
5	I only come to Pittsburgh twice a year, but I get so excited to eat the best pizza. Sacramento pizzarias have nothing on Pittsburgh's. Fiori's is the best pizza I've ever eaten. It's local so my dad grew up eating the stuff & so did I until I moved to California. Sweet sauce and thin crust baked to perfection. If you're in Pittsburgh, you must try it. If you live in Pittsburgh, then you already know what I'm talking about.
2	First I must clarify that my rating here is based on my scale of pizza-ratings only. This pizza is certainly edible, but it is not at the top of my pizza-scale, a place reserved for the Grimaldis and Lombardis of the world (or, more realistically, just the U.S.; Italian pizza, I have heard and trust, is even better).Fiori's is just underwhelming. I had family from New Jersey visiting and we were looking to grab a few pies after exploring around town. Piccolo Forno was unfortunately closed so I looked to the trusty internet to help me find something near our location that had a good reputation. Fiori's was a popular choice with decent ratings, so we headed over that way. The restaurant space is cramped and only conducive to tables of 4 guests or less in a party. Service was helpful, friendly, and quick. But the pizza just fell flat. The sauce was so sweet, which is not normal outside of this region (not sure what sweet tomato sauce is about, but I don't dig it. There has to be sugar added or something.). Dough was ok but wasn't that perfect medium for the simple yet magical tomato and mozzarella combination that it ought to be. If you are expecting New York style pizza, this is NOT the place for you. Average at best, but better than your fast-food pizza places if you are in a pinch. For me, that will be never.
5	Its not pizza, its fiores. Used to work for fiore, nothing but the finest ingredients and 100% consistent!
5	updated
5	Yum, Yum, Yum, this place is quite amazing!!!!  The thin crust and sweet sauce were a perfect combination for this pie.  We ordered cheese slices and they hit the spot for a bit of a hang over from the Steeler game the night before.  I will come back to this spot every time I am in town.  Very good customer service, hot fresh pizza slices, and extremely good prices.
4	When I heard about the slightly sweet sauce served on a Fiori's Pizza, I was doubtful about whether or not this would be a place for me. I have to say overall I liked it- but with a few caveats.Parking stinks.  Don't bother eating in, just get take out. Grab a friend, have them drive and run in to pick up your pie. My quick bite of pizza took over two hours from finding a parking space, standing in line to order, waiting for my pizza to be made, getting a table with said pizza (there is very limited seating for eating in), eating and finally wriggling past the other waiting people to get out to search for the car. The place is CASH ONLY, no credit cards so make sure you got a twenty to buy your pie. (Fortunately they have an ATM on site but the fees!)All my complaints aside, I did enjoy my pizza. The sweetness of the sauce was balanced by the saltiness of the olives they exuberantly provided on my pizza. The crowd of people in there provided for a quite interesting people-watching experience. The slices of pizza were unevenly divided and my eating companions were quick to grab what might have been fold-able slices, but I feel like folding was a possibility for the crust.Overall, I'd go back.
3	My fave pizza near the burgh.  The sauce is so unique... it's sweet and delicious.  I like the wings here too.  I don't know why.  I just like the combo of hot wing sauce with sweet pizza sauce.  Located in a weird spot up a hill, near a feisty local bar.
2	I have to admit, I've never physically been inside Fiori's, but I've had their pizza several times. In a word: forgettable.The last take-out pie we got was less than pleasing to the eye. All the cheese was on half the pie. The onions were diced - an interesting choice - and I actually liked that they were raw. The green peppers seemed to have been cut willy nilly, but that's OK. It's not 5-star, it's pizza. The pizza has a sweet taste to it, and I can't can't if it's the sauce or the dough, but I suspect the former. Overall, I'd eat it again, but wouldn't go out of my way. I suspect it would be really delicious cold, for breakfast.
2	It was late and on the way home with nothing at home to eat.  Stopped by Fiori's, haven't been there in years.  Yes, it was crowded but got a table and ordered pizza and wings.  The pizza was hard to chew the crust was hard, the cheese was too!  The pizza was just sweet without much other taste, almost like ketchup!  Definitely not a fan of sweet pizza...I don't know why it is so popular but most people tend to like sweet food and drinks...but not me...I want some flavors and spice!The wings were so average....not anything I would order again....my son ate one and said he was done...amazing!I know! I know! this place is popular, but it is just is not for me!
5	My stepfather-in-law gave me sage advice about finding good pizza. If you don't know the pizza in an area, look for the dirtiest, rundown place you can find, and you'll find the best pizza in town. The thinking behind that is, if the place looks that bad but is still in busines, then there is a reason they're still in business. And in my experiences, it's almost always true.Fiori's is a dive (in a good way)- the inside looks like it was put together in the '70's, and the staff isn't always the friendliest. Forget about parking- there are three spots on the side of the building and perilious street parking on the hill. The later in the evening you go, the busier the dining room. My suggestion is don't eat here- you're only asking for drama.But then you get home with that steaming pie, and all the parking nonsense, questionable customer service, and wait in line vanishes as you're enveloped in cheesey, meaty goodness. The pizzas are big, there are a ton of toppings, and the sauce is sweet in a good way. My suggestion is try their white pizza, which I think rivals the ones I've had in New York. I get mine with ricotta cheese, mushrooms, and meatballs- I'm drooling just thinking about it. I also suggest you try their italian hoagie- big, lots of meat, good dressing, and toasted in a crunchy way- my favorite in Pittsburgh.
4	Great Pizza and Subs. 45 minutes for take out pizza when their busy
5	We stopped at Fiori's after a late night walking around the inclines in Pittsburgh--although it is no where near the inclines.  We decided to grab a large pizza to fix our hunger and were not disappointed.Fiori's feels like a place out of a Ben Afflack movie--the neighborhood joint where everyone knows each other.  In our half an hour there, I must have seen 8 different chance occurrences between people in town.Onto the pizza!  We got a 16 inch pie for just over 12 dollars!  Thin crust that was crispy, not overly cheesy or saucy--although the sauce did have a distinct sweet flavor.  Baked to perfection--lightly golden brown.  Enjoyable flavor!  If you have been to Grimaldi's in Brooklyn, it's a similar style with a different taste.  Overall: the pizza is good, atmosphere is easy! Don't listen to the haters, although parking is a pain.
4	A friend of mine calls this the best pizza in Pittsburgh.  I disagree, but it's definitely up there with some of the best.  Maybe top three?Everything was quick, and the pizza was good.  Sadly, there's not much of a story here, or any room to expand.  Therefore, a short review.  Oh yeah, holy crap steep hill for parking on! You could probably park elsewhere, though... I didn't know what I was doing, so I climbed the hill a bit and parked in that neighborhood.
5	Just the facts:1) Realize there is a difference between authentic Italian pizza which varies from region to region and American/Italian Pizza.2) Fiori's falls under the latter category.  This is not authnetic Italian pizza.  In my opinion, is the best American/ Italian pizza in the Burgh (because of its sweet sauce).  There Italian Hoagie is great as well.   Most people havent tried their pasta  which is remarkable good for a pizza joint.3) Have been eating here since I was 5 years old.  I craved this pizza when I was living in Ital4) Parking sucks.5) ATM inside cash only
4	Standing ovation. I can't believe I forgot to review this place. Though I haven't been back in years, my boo brought home a slice the other day and it smelled like heaven. Iced tea in a carton? You cannot beat that.
5	This is Mecca... I don't know why it's so good. The sauce is really sweet, the best thing I can compare it to is spaghetti O's sauce... respectively.  But when it meets the crust and pepperoni or the "out of this world sausage" ... magic happens. I would reccommend pep, sausage and onion. It's in a class of it's own. Trust me.
5	Hell hath no Fiori's like a woman scorned, and let me just say that other cities have no women like Pittsburgh women. Yes, Ricki, yes, Gina, yes, Alley and yes, Julie, I am talking to you. Spectacular.Edit: My 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th time at Fiori's - spectacular. I love the taste of the dough and the cheese and sauce, it's just so different to what they serve in Buffalo and elsewhere. It's wonderful, especially when it's fresh and the dough is still floury and doughy.So anyway, my second time at Fiori's - not as good. The pizza was okay but it was definitely nothing special on my second visit. Maybe it's the best in the Pitt area, but it doesn't hold a candle to Buffalo or Chicago Pizza, so I have to reduce it by a star. That's really sad too because for some reason I had Fiori's as one of my top 10 Pizza in the country... I must have been really hungry that night or something!My old review is below:wow, this Pizza is really, really good! I love it! It's the best in Pitt! And get the side of cheese, it's really worth it! It's cold and lovely and goes with it really well! Definitely a big time 5. 5/5It is a little hard to find this place because it's hidden away, just across a bridge and on an incline up to the West End, if you don't know Pittsburgh well you could get lost, but then again that could be said about any location in Pittsburgh really, couldn't it. Definitely not the easiest city to drive around, but one of the most fun (except in snow or ice, which is common).The people here are friendly (yes, I said friendly, Pittsburgh sometimes gets a bad rap), and as I said, the side of white cheese is an absolute must - mmmm. Locals in Pittsburgh told me this was the best Pittsburghese Pizza out there, and as far as I can tell they were right. I don't have anything to compare it to, but I will definitely be coming back here when I return to Pitt.
4	This place has been hyped up to me for a while, and I have to admit it definitaley lived up to the hype.The pizza is cooked hot and fresh.  It is cheesy, delicious, and savoyery.  It is easy to make a mediocre pizza, but to take it to that next step of memorable, it takes some special deliciousness, and this place took it to that next step.I could easily see myself going out of my way to eat this pizza again.  Also, the staff was very friendly, and the atmosphere of this place is the perfect setting of a local, classic pizza joint.  Go here, enjoy the pizza, come back for more.
5	CHEESE ON CHEESE ON CHEESE ON CHEESE ON CHEESEi love fioris.
2	I really don't understand the hype of this place. To be honest, had the personal recommendations from friends not made this place seem like the biggest deal in the city, then I would have probably rated it a 3 or 4. The pizza was just OK. It was decently greasy and the crust wasn't all that special. They wouldn't deliver (Even though I am literally a few blocks from them) and they don't accept credit / debit card - a huge downfall for me.
5	My favorite pizza in the city...the crust and sauce are sweet.
4	Fiori's is always at, or near the top of the "best pizza in Pittsburgh" argument, and rightly so. Simply put, the pizza is great. An overdose of cheese, sweet sauce, and a seemingly-sweet crust make's Fiori's pizza crave-worthy. How's the rest of the menu, you might wonder? I've always been a big fan of their chicken parm hoagie. The bread they use just softens up perfectly for take out orders. I've tried the meatballs and pasta, as well, and  while both are good, I have to stick with the real gems: the hoagies and pizza.The only drawbacks are that Fiori's is cash only (but cheap!), they don't have delivery, and parking can be rough. Plus, it gets packed in the evening and late at night, so expect about a 40-minute wait to pick your pizza up. Regardless, if someone asks if it's worth it? The answer is always a resounding "YES!"
3	Stifled my pizza fix but I found the sauce a little too sweet.  The place was packed so they are clearly doing something right.  Employees behind the counter were very friend, great local feel.  Very little seating so be ready to grab take out if necessary.
5	Just tried this place for the first time the other day. Personally, I'd consider it one of the best pizza joints in the city. Extra cheesy! I'll definitely be back again. Parking  on the street is a bit tight, but its definitely worth it.
5	I've travel 52 weeks per year. I grew up in Pittsburgh, lived in Chicago for 5 years came back this year.  Been to Italy, New York...Fiori's is the best.  Sauce is great, cheese is great, service is always friendly and entertaining.  I have been going here for 20 years.
5	Best pizza in Pittsburgh. Great old school owner as well. Their pasta is really good too. Assuming you enjoy their sweet sauce. Not a big fan of their hoagies but they're acceptable.
3	Good pizza . Not the best but good.  It would do them a lot of good if they took debit cards/credit as payment rather than the very antiquated cash only .  I'd think they'd double their business, at least .Delivery would be nice but I live close by so it's not a big deal to get there .The hoagies are so so .  Good luck parking your car if you head here at night, especially.  Seems to be a favorite spot for night-shift city cops to chow .
5	Maybe the best pizza in Pittsburgh. If you want to see how pizza is supposed to taste give them a try. If you live near them and you haven't tried their pizza you probable live under a rock and don't deserve this delicious pizza.
5	What can you say about Fiori's. i'm going to just start throwing out some words and stop me when you get the point. legendary, awesome, fantastic, sweet, cheese...oh so much cheese...., epic, beautiful, famous, iconic, local, unique, different, quality...... I think you get the point. Fiori's is all of those things and more. They are, in my mind, the best Pizza place in Pittsburgh. I know that is a highly debatable topic, but when people from the North Shore bother to go to south hills to a little hole in the wall place with no parking and hardly any room to eat inside, you know it's good. I lived in Brookline for 2 years and would frequent this place. I would say that eating the pizza in the shop is better than taking it out. Even though it's a small place it's worth it to go to that lightly crispy crust something you don't get when it sit's in a box waiting for you to pick it up. Also the cheese is the cats meow at this place to don't even bother putting toppings on your pizza. The topping is overshadowed by the sweet sause and the mountain of cheese so don't waist your money. It's better that way, trust me!
1	We ordered two pizzas and wings on a Friday night over the phone for pick up. They told us it would be ready in an hour. Sure, it's Friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable. My husband showed up an hour later and it was not ready. He had to park illegally because there is absolutely no parking available here and was very worried about the car getting hit. It took another 45 minutes before he actually got the pizza. 1 hour and 45 mins is ridiculously long to wait! They should have cut off orders if they were that overwhelmed!When we tasted the pizza, it was... Okay. The sauce tasted like sugar and the crust was bland. Kinda like the pizza you'd expect from a street vendor at 3am in the South Side. We will never be back and will remain loyal to Krazy Brothers and Molly's Pizza in dormont for now on.
4	We ordered a large pizza half with pepperoni it was $20bucks w/drinks, Over half the tables were taken and would say the atmosphere was what you would expect from a pizza place. It took a while for the pizza but as soon as it was sat down I grabbed a slice and stuffed it in my mouth, (bad Idea) since I burned the top of my mouth, but that was my own dumb fault. The pizza was a good size. it was good and when the Italian fellow asked me how it was I said great.  Went in  the back to use the restroom, you have to go thru what I think was the back part of the kitchen to get there,and it was nice to see how clean everything looked. Certainly will go back.
2	I have tasted the best pizza in the US, Pepe's New Haven, CT and I have tasted a whole bunch of bad pizza and a whole bunch in the middle.  I am coming to the conclusion that pizza is a very personal thing to people who love it like I do.  After years of people telling me to go here, we finally stopped on our way home from my son's hockey game at noon on Saturday.  Service was okay after we asked the people sitting next to us what we needed to do.  No one spoke up to tell us to come to the counter and order.  But after we figured it out everything was good.  We ordered a large pie, 1/2 cheese and 1/2 cheese and sausage.  The crust is very good and some of the best tasting I have had in some time.  It actually had a taste to it not just a bread taste.  After that, everything else is what I consider the personal taste part.  The sauce was to sweet and the cheese was not right to me.  I don't know if they used provolone I should have asked but it gave the pizza a funny taste to me.  I won't be going back, just because my personal taste.
3	Service is just okay--they are rude short with you. No parking. On a brick road that will have your car shaking the whole time. You will get your car swiped if you aren't careful. The cheese blend is good. The sauce is sweet: not slightly sweet, but sweet. There is a lot of appeal to Fioris because of the sauce. I guess I prefer something savory in my sauce and find the aggravation to make it less worthwhile than Mineo's in Mt. Lebanon
5	I love this place. I grew up in Beechview and moved away to Maryland. Every time I am in town I have to get their pizza! No pizza joints like this in Baltimore
5	Fiori's is the best pizza I have ever had & I can't believe some of these people that have given negative reviews!! I don't know how some of the other pizza places near by even stay in business with fioris in the area!! I love this pizza & I wish they would open up more locations so even more people could enjoy this wonderful pizza!
3	Okay I'm not from this area and we came from the casino and were looking for a good place to eat and came across fiores so I'm thinking people from Pittsburg have a distinctive taste when it comes to their pizza I wasn't sure how to rate this place... The service was okay... To be honest the workers looked pretty miserable but they weren't rude or anything. We tried the cheese sticks, garlic bread, deep fried ravioles, and had the large pizza with sausage.... Okay the cheese they use in the pizza is really odd tasting to me it's just got this bitter taste maybe Parmesan mixed in? They made mozzarella sticks same way I couldn't finish them.... The ravioles were fine... Garlic bread... Ughm nothing special... Bland bread with butter and cheese.... And for the pizza... The cheese and sauce were just weird the sauce was very sweet almost like what a previous comment stated "sugary" and I guess with the bland bread and it all kind of evens out in a way... Haha ....
5	They don't deliver, they don't take debit/credit, they don't advertise, and they've been in business more than 30 years.  That's enough to proof that its a top-notched well established restaurant.  They also happen to have Pittsburgh's best pizza.Perfect sauce to cheese ratio, unique sweetness to the sauce, and a crust that's not too thick or too thin.  Just absoultely great pizza.
5	Pizza is to die for... Love getting the cold cheese on top of my cooked pizza
4	hard to find parking but the pizza and sandwiches are really good and not greasy.  they sell slices of pizza and its really good the cheese taste like its high quality and kinda sweet. its cheap to and the sandwiches come in 2 sizes i ordered the smaller version and it was still too big. the portions are huge.
5	Is this the best Pizza in Pittsburgh? Maybe? Does it have some of the longest waits and poor parking. You betcha, but that is usually also a good sign!
5	This has got to be one of my favorite places for Pizza in all of Pittsburgh!  When a pizza place does not have to deliver or even have a convenient place to park to pick up your carry out order, but is still slammed day in and out, it tells you something!  Secrets in the sauce!
5	I'm pretty sure this is my favorite pizza in Pittsburgh. I'm so sick of pizza chains and pizza made on conveyer belts. Luckily, Fiori's still makes old school pizza that tastes great.As others have said, the sauce is a little sweet. I personally think the sauce is what makes this pizza so good. The crust is thin and always baked to perfection and is never soggy. On top of great pizza, Fiori's hoagies are some of the best around. My favorite is the Italian with banana peppers. The only downside to Fiori's is the parking. It can be frustrating at busy times. Although parking can be tricky, don't let this stop you from eating an excellent pizza.
2	Eat at Fioris, they said.  Youll like it, they said.is it conveniently located on West Liberty Boulevard, this restaurant features absolutely nowhere to park on the road that is impossible to get to.When I called to place our order a miserable sounding me an answer the phone with the side and then said what do you need? I placed our order and he said don't come down here it's going to be at least an hour to we can get to you if my coworkers can do anything right. That was really unprofessional. Some people may think that character but really I don't care what kind of a day the person taking the pizza order is having I just want to place my order without feeling im bothering them,You should know that you will have to illegally parked your car to pick your order up.  the place was filthy inside and it was packed full of people and total mayhem. I would never ever recommend eating in store even if the place was clean up you're still going to have people waiting to pick three orders of standing right over you. It was also about a hundred degrees in there. They also only take cash with they didn't mention and there was no sign so I was glad I had cash on hand.I knew that something was up with the pizza 13 started leaking through the lid of the pizza as we were driving it home. The bottom and the top rated with grease. How does that even happen? My friend said that's a sign of a great pizza but he is a guy and we have other eating priorities it was disgusting. You're not supposed to take a slice of pizza up out of the pizza box and have all of the toppings slide off due to thebgrease.  the only restaurant that could get away with pizza that greasy is Vincents and they are now gone..you could caulk a bathtub with the cheese that's how rubbery it was. It was disgusting. the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added. It was gross I don't understand why anybody likes this restaurant but the poor service and the poor quality of the food is a prime example of a restaurant resting on the laurels of its legacy.
5	I've been to NY, Chicago, Rome and Venice. This is the best pizza in the world, I can assure you. Fresh cheese, sauce, dough and toppings everyday. Cash and no delivery, but certainly worth the trip.
2	I'm with Zachary on this one, after years of hearing about this pizza I finally tasted a slice at a steeler party. The sauce was normal, kinda sweet, garlicky, nothing special. Loaded with cheese that had pools of grease swimming on it. Knowing I don't eat meat my friends ordered me a half pizza with peppers and onions. It was still dripping with grease. I removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables. I was still kind of dumbfounded as to why this place gets raves. The crust was nothing to write home about, it was just kind of yeasty and chewy. I definitely don't see what all the fuss is. When I'm going to have a cheat day with pizza it's Beto's for me.
5	Yes the pizza is the best in the burgh.  But don't don't forget the wings.  They also have the best wings in the burgh.  They don't deliver.  They don't have to.  I'd drive for miles.
5	THIS is an old-school pizza shop!  I'm sure that many of the foodie-types who frequent Yelp are going to dismiss this place, but having heard so much about it from my local pizza-loving friends about the pie at Fiori's, I finally decided to stop and order a couple of pizzas to go while I was in the neighborhood.  The sauce definitely isn't for everyone - it's a departure from the typical corporate pizza crap that everyone has gotten used to.  But the sauce is INTERESTING, and the crust is PERFECT.  A little too much flour used when it was flown, but I'm guessing that's because the place was doing such a high volume of business.  The pepperoni reminds me of the old Mineo's pizza, small slices that curl up and produce little grease pools.  WOW, now that's the pepperoni I love, and definitely not the pepperoni you'll find at Papa John's, or Vocelli's, or Domino's, or Little Caesar's, or Pizza Hut.  This is the PIZZA of your youth - the pizza you remember your dad bringing home, complete with the relic-style pizza box.  It's not in my neighborhood, and I'm lucky enough to live close to Luciano's, but if I'm hungry and in the vicinity of Fiore's any time soon, I won't hesitate to grab a couple more pies - maybe one for dinner and one for breakfast!
5	No frills, dive spot pizza. Not much space and not much to see, but great flavor/thicker style takeout pizza.
5	These guys are AMAZING!  The food is great and everyone there is so welcoming and hospitable.  Went twice on my last trip in and each time the staff looked as though they really enjoyed themselves.
4	Tried Fiori's for the first time.  I have to say, I thought it was very good.  I have heard some say that the pizza is too cheesy, and I agree in that it is very cheesy - but I enjoyed it greatly.  I had a small pie with capicola and banana pepper rings.  My only complaint was that I felt like there were too many pepper rings, but that's probably a personal preference.  If you're looking for thin crust 'za, this is not your jam.  The crust is doughy but crisp on the outside.  If you like more sauce than cheese, not your cup of tea (great Napoli-style pizza can be found at Il Pizzaiolo Mt. Lebanon).  Crispy crust? Check out Piccolo Forno in Lawrenceville.  Otherwise, go to Fiori's!(It's best for takeout, and was quick for that.  There aren't many tables and the place is small.  If you're looking for a nice dine-in experience, I suggest you go elsewhere!)
5	Worth leaving the house to pick up!! Bring your cash though they don't accept plastic. Best pizza around, hands down!!
4	Best pizza in the Burgh. No doubt.
5	I absolutely love this place. everything I've ever had is delicious. the service is great, and the sandwiches are may favorite
5	Fantastic pizza. I've been on a good Pittsburgh pizza hunt. This place is now in the top of my list. Affordable, toppings are under the cheese, great quality.
5	Best Fu*king Pizza in Pittsburgh. Do yourself a favor and try this. FYI. Cash only. But they do have an ATM
3	Other than being open late to convenience myself and my inebriated friends I didn't like nor dislike this place. It was quite small and looked dirty. The pizza was large enough to share between me and 5 people and to absorb some alcohol. It wasn't horrible.
5	The best pizza in the burgh! I was raised form New York and a very particular taste for pizza. While this isn't new York style it is very good. The only one that rivals the taste is Pizza Sola. The crust is thin and the cheese is creamy. It has a great flavor. My only problem is that it's cash only! It's the 21 century get with the program!
5	Their cheese pizza is a must have if you're visiting Pittsburgh. Period. It's where all the locals go and you should too!
5	Top notch Pizza. The cheese they use here is absolutely amazing and the crust is probably the best I've ever had.Very nice guys/gals working here, they are always so busy but always on the top of their game. Place is always packed and food comes out very quickly. I would recommend this place to any of yinz!
5	My husband and I moved to Brookline last year and haven't been able to stop eating Fiori's since. So in love with the sauce and crust. The perfect pizza.
3	As far as pizza goes this is pretty, especially for it not being part of chain. (Ive become a bit of snob after working for one.) This place is small with lines that go out the door. Has a small sitting around with about 8 tables ;a fresh coat of paint wouldnt hurt this place. Menu has a lot to choose from with several toppings and sub sandwiches. The wait wasnt too long. The pizza itself is massive, about 16 in or little more. Not sure if I'd go out of my way to come back here. The hill the place is located on is killer! and there's practically no parking. But the pizza is pretty good. Very nice crust with just enough sauce and super cheesy!
4	There are some great pizza places in this City, and this is one of the best. Good balance of quality ingredients, and crust is consistently finished. The  small interior can get crowded at times, but the pizza is worth the minor inconvenience. Easily on par with Aiello's and Mineo's in Squirrel Hill, two of the more decorated pizza joints in Pittsburgh. Fiori's gets extra credit for using the small spicy pepperonis and always having a pinball game in the corner!
4	My husband's relatives love Fiori's, and I've grown to love it too. Apparently it was a neighborhood hangout for them when they were kids so they have a sentimental attachment to the place... I just like the pizza. The restaurant area is small, nothing fancy, and crowded on weekends, so we pick up and take our pie to the in-laws, who live close and usually don't cook for us when we visit.Our favorite seems to be the mushroom and pepperoni pie. I'm always a fan of a pliable crust with a thin layer of mildly sweet sauce and a THICK layer of cheese. I adore cheese. So based on my preferences, this pizza really does it for me. The ultimate quest for the "best pizza" is a tricky thing.  Everyone has different tastes and stipulations when it comes to their favorite pie, which makes me wonder: Is there really a "best pizza" out there? There is most definitely BAD pizza, and you have only to look at most major chains to find it. Fiori's qualifies as a good pizza, and probably the best I've had from this area of town. So maybe that is all there is to it. Pizza can be good or bad, but no pizza is going to be perfect for everyone. And that's my pizza theory. You're welcome folks.
5	I called from Georgia and ordered a extra Large pizza to be delivered to Childrens Hospital to friends that had a daughter in the hospital. The girl that took my order was very nice and gave me great service. The family told me that the pizza was great! I will call and use them again!
5	My girlfriend is much newer to the area so I try to take her to real Pittsburgh places. Fiori's should be held right up there next to Primanti's as a staple. South Hills icon. There's old world charm when you order. Pie comes out quick. It's awesome deliciousness scored me many points with the lady and satisfied my soul for making my not-often-enough trip to this fantastic pizza icon of the City of Champs. Preach.
5	This is a 5 star pizza place period. There is no better pizza in the world. I live in California and when I'm in Pittsburgh I always stop here. I recommend the cheese pizza. Fiori's uses the best and freshest ingredients. Their cheese pizza is very flavorful. Adding anything else to the pizza takes away from the crust, sauce and cheese. Caution let the pie cool down a bit. It comes out burning hot. The subs are good here too.They've get a line out the door. They must be doing something right.
5	Excellent Pizza. We got the large with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms. It was VERY busy on a Saturday night but we got our food in a reasonable time. I suggest ordering to go, seating can be limited. Will definitely come here again.
3	I appreciated the quality of the ingredients and the atmosphere very much, but this style of pizza is not really my thing. It's the very thin NY style, greasy, the cheese and toppings wanna slide right off. And though tasty, we got double pepperoni, which in my mind means the pepperonis should be pretty much covering the pizza and YES I realize that they were under the cheese but just not enough. Waiting for the pizza to cool down helped the topping slide problem a bit, but yeah not a big fan of crust this thin. For NY style though, they got it down pat, so that's why the 3 stars. Plus I respect this joint a lot. :)
5	This pizza is amazing!!I am from Chicago and very picky about pizza. When my boyfriend brought me here, I was not expecting much but wow was I wrong.  This pizza is so good! The crust is always cooked perfectly and there is tons of cheese.  It's a must have every time we are back in Pittsburgh!
4	Good little pizza place. The sauce is somewhat sweet like others have said, but all in all a good little place to grab a slice.
5	My favorite pizza in the city. Hoagies are also pretty good but the pizza takes the spotlight. One of the best places to shoot pool in the south hills next door, what more do you need?
5	If they would deliver they would put all other pizza joints out off business in the south hills...it is that good. We are regulars :)
5	Fiori's pizza is amazing! When my husband and I first moved to Pittsburgh over four years ago, we rented a home in Brookline. As soon as coworkers learned where I lived, they said, "You have to try Fiori's." We would order Fiori's for any occasion... from a quiet don't-feel-like-cooking Tuesday night to a big birthday party. Though takeout is great, I highly recommend eating in the restaurant. The pizza tastes even more incredible when eaten immediately.Fiori's pizza has a sweet, doughy crust that tastes a little extra crispy when eaten immediately vs. doughier when taken home. The sauce is also sweet, and the pizza is covered in a thick layer of cheese. Don't make the mistake of ordering toppings. Any Fiori's lover knows that you eat Fiori's with just the cheese.Mmm... even thinking about their pizza makes me crave it. Plus, the good news is that they've recently opened a second location and now take credit cards! Hopefully, they continue to expand within the Pittsburgh area and introduce people outside of the south hills to their delicious product.
5	Grew up on Fiori's pizza and Hoagies!  Just love it and Staff that have been there for years!  Consistent and yummy! Live out of town now but I call in an order as I approach the city!
4	Pretty good pizza but  I don't like the inside seating and that they are cash only.
5	I have been eating here since I was 6 years old and every time we come back into town to visit this is the first stop we make. Incredible and best pizza, hoagies and food anywhere.
5	Best pizza in the burgh.The pizza is out of this world The salads are great Their meatballs are fabulous Garlic bread with cheese is delicious 1 of my 1st stops every time I'm in the burgh & if I don't bring pizza back to VA when I leave I hear about it from my friendsPeople have complained about them only accepting cash they have an ATM machine on site & they have started accepting credit/debit cards for the last couple of months Get a side of pasta sauce for the pizza You'll thank me later
1	Ok I'm from the southhills and realize people in Pgh have no idea what good pizza is. I assure you this place isn't it. Problem is the block heads that love this place so much just say they love it cause they are from brookline and think it's cool to say "I love fioris" with a really slang sound . Hoagies are garbage and sorry but provolone cheese isn't used on a true ital pizza and sweet sauce ? Garbage !!!! After all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude. Lol this place would not last 2 weeks in New York plain and simple!!!
