4	Great pizza, carbonara pasta very good, pasta with clams not so good. Pasta prices  a little high considering it doesn't include a salad and only came with two tiny pieces of very dry hard bread. Will return for the pizza. It was thin and delicious. Service was prompt and friendly.
2	Great bartenders and drinks! The pizza was okay, but nothing special. The owner wasn't welcoming at all and rather rude.
5	An excellent addition to the neighborhood. If it is busy, don't let the small space scare you away from some truly excellent food!  The pizza is simple and beautiful.  THe "bacon candy" should not be missed.
5	This place is incredible!  The beer selection is massive.  I couldn't decide on just one and was psyched that they offer beer flights so I was able to try four different options.  The bacon candy appetizer was something very unique and absolutely delicious....I've been dreaming about it   :)   Loved the Mediterranean pizza...perfect combination of flavors and their crust is done right. The owner came over to say hello and see if we needed anything and the hostess and staff were all very friendly.  Love to see their commitment to making ingredients in house and sourcing local products. Can't wait to go back!
5	friendly staff , good beers, better food,and the decor is beautiful. if you haven't checked this place out yet your missing out
5	This place is excellent.  I went there before a show at the Benedum, and you can't get a better pre-show dining spot! Don't let the simple exterior fool you, the inside is awesome. The lighting is done with wine bottles and mason jars, and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.  The food was fantastic... my friends and I each got a different pizza and they were all equally delicious. The drink selection is great too.  And the staff was wonderful.  I would highly recommend Proper.
4	I went to Proper with a few work friends for happy hour.  I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere by this place.  I like the decor - it felt casual yet classy.  As soon as you walk in you see the brick oven.  This was enough to make me order the pizza.I ordered the margherita pizza but was underwhelmed by the flavor.  I think it was the sauce that was lackluster, but it was hot and fresh and had basil on it - I LUUUUV basil.  I still think Il Pizzaiolo makes the best thin crust pizza in this town and the secret is in their sauce so anywhere I go I always compare the pizza to Il Pizz.  For drinks, I decided to go with a glass of the Greystone Cab (I think it was on a happy hour special) and then I got the Sage Suzanne which was refreshing and citrusy.  I shared the flourless chocolate cake with another individual in our group and it was too much and too rich for us to finish.  I wouldn't necessarily call it a "cake" either as it tasted more like fudge paired with some cinnamon whipped cream and drizzled with some citrus sauce.  I probably wouldn't order this again, but it was decent.  I'd definitely go back again to try some other items on their menu and their other drinks.
4	Wow! What a delicious addition to downtown PGH! We had 2 appetizers- the candy bacon & fried chickpeas which were both delish. Then we shared 3 pizzas & a salad btwn the 4 of us. All really good! We had the Forest, Carnivore and Black & Gold along with the Amalfi salad. We couldn't decide which pizza was our favorite bc they were all great. I would recommend adding bacon to the B&G as it needed a little something so perhaps that was our least fav but we still finished all of it. As a non-beer drinker, I wish they had more hard cider options but that's not a deal breaker for me. My friends were very happy with the wide selection of craft beer!And to top it off we shared 2 desserts-- flour less chocolate cake & the almond thingy. What a wonderful way to end a great meal. We will return as much as we can before the lines and the wait becomes too long!
3	Went to Proper for pizza and beers around 5, and they were already pretty packed. We split a pizza and salad, both of which we're tasty, despite downtown level prices and portions. The crust has a great doughy chew despite being thin/brick oven, and I was a big fan of the carnivore toppings. Have to dock one star for service and one for beer price/selection. They only had two bartenders handling a large bar (beer/wine/cocktails) plus getting orders for the wait staff. Our bartender was friendly and efficient, but we waited over ten minutes each time we finished a round, and had to skip our last beer to get the check and run to a ballgame. He was absolutely swamped. Beer list was long but unimpressive. Focusing on regional beers is great, but four Yards taps is four too many, especially at $6/7 a pour. I'll pay $7 for something brought in from the West Coast etc, but not for middle of the road regional beers. Worth a second visit for a downtown pizza craving, especially if they add happy hour pricing.
4	I had no idea that this place existed, but saw their sidewalk sign while strolling the cultural district streets on a sunday afternoon and decided to give it a try.  The place was mostly deserted, but the ambience was very city-cool, classy while still casual enough that you can feel comfortable in jeans and a tee shirt.  I was impressed with their selection of craft beers on tap.   Maybe 15-20 total and plenty of great options.  I Ordered the Forest pizza, and I was extremely impressed.  I'm a bit of a pizza snob, and this was an excellent pie, the mushrooms were superb.  All in all, a great option in downtown Pittsburgh and I will definitely be making a return visit.
5	Awesome newcomer to the theater district and close enough to the North Shore.  The pizza is terrific (think Naples brick oven... with American type toppings).  Bacon candy is absolutely fantastic!!  The owner seems to always be there and goes out of her way to ensure everyone is smiling!  Tap list is local and plentiful -- and I have always had tremendous service (fifth visit today)!  My favorite pregame location since Pittsburgh got a baseball team!!!
5	Pizza and craft beer are two of my absolute favorite things. Knowing this, my boyfriend scored major brownie points by choosing Proper as the location for my surprise birthday dinner. We arrived in the middle of the pre-show rush crowd (it's located in the heart of the Cultural District), so we found room to sit at the bar while we waited for a table, but just decided to eat there instead. After all, we had a very friendly bartender at our beck and call who was happily allowing us to sample any of the 30 drafts that we wanted and we could watch the Pens game right in front of us. Plus, we probably got even faster service that way.I really like the atmosphere of this place. Casual yet sophisticated. Modern yet a bit retro (mason jar hanging lights, for example). Overall, just very comfortable and not at all pretentious. After all, it's basically an upscale pizza and beer (and I guess wine) place. There are a few TV's at the bar, but nothing that would distract you while you were dining at a nearby table. And they kept their own music playing the whole time, even during the Pens game, which was awesome because I feel like it could've been a playlist made up from my very own collection.We decided to order two pizzas so we could share both of them, knowing full well that we would probably have an entire pizza left over. (Leftover pizza is never a bad thing, in my opinion.) We went with the Bianca and the Mediterranean, which were both delicious. I prefer my crust more on the soft and chewy side, which is often hard to do when cooking a pizza in a wood fired oven, but both pizzas came out perfectly done. Not undercooked at all, but not an overwhelming amount of char. Simply delicious. The only other thing we had were some house-made potato chips as an appetizer, which were decent, but not the best I've ever had. I'm looking forward to trying the black pepper bacon candy the next time I eat there.I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this place. Since their menu is slated to change seasonally, I can't wait to go back and try some new things, even though there were already several things on the menu this time around that I just didn't have the room/time to try. And I just might have to try scoring a warm and cozy seat at the pizza bar in front of the oven this winter!
4	Potatoes and beets on pizza! Say whaaaat???But it happens here, and I must say, it's delicious! So do yourself a favor and try the Black and Gold pizza. I especially enjoyed the crispy potato parts of the pizza.I also tried the Forest pizza, which came in a close second. It was loaded with mushrooms, onions and garlic. So remember your mints for later.I really liked the crust. It wasn't as thin as I thought it would be and I like my crust a bit doughy. Was this a mistake because its supposed to be wood fire pizza? I don't know, but I enjoyed it!I love the atmosphere in here, as they did a great job making it intimate inside. Can't wait to come back and enjoy a beer from their large list next time!
5	The decor and atmosphere is fantastic! Delicious Fettuccine basil pesto pasta! Incredible flourless chocolate cake. Loved the house salad with pears and caramelized walnuts.  Charming and witty owner. I will be back!
2	After reading about this place in Pop City, I was really excited to try it out.  A friend mentioned she wasn't the biggest fan so I was a bit skeptical after hearing that.  They have a great beer selection and while I like how each beer on tap is written on chalk boards hanging at the bar, I do wish they had a beer menu at your table. This was very hard to see. I tried the Sarnac Pumpkin and it was just ok.  We didn't venture far on the menu and ordered the specialties that were boxed. The candied bacon for a starter was delicious-unique flavor. I was disappointed with so few pizza choices. We went with the Black and Gold but did not like the beets-I thought the flavor was too overpowering.  I recommend this place for drinks as the bar had really nice seating and a cute yet trendy decor.
4	This tap room is a nice addition to the Pittsburgh craft beer scene. They have about thirty beers on tap - most of which (if not all) are craft. The bartenders are knowledgeable and offer great recommendations based on your tastes.I will definitely return for the beer and intend on trying some brick oven pizza from here.
4	While wandering through Pittsburgh along the Allegheny River, I pulled up Yelp to find a pizza place nearby, and I was lucky enough to be very close to Proper Brick Oven and Tap Room in the heart of downtown.  This restaurant is less than a year old, but the good users of Yelp who had already eaten there definitely steered me in the right direction with their positive reviews.  When I walked in I was greeted by the warmth of the beautiful, working wood-fire pizza oven and cozy tables.   I was impressed as soon as I saw their beer list, which had a lot of seasonal variety, and it continued when I tried their house-made potato chips.  The soft chips were pretty good, and I really liked the dip they were served with.  I don't always get too into dip, but its mixture of onion, chive, and garlic was quite delicious.My wife and I each ordered our own pizza as they come in a personal size at Proper Brick Oven and Tap Room.  Mine was the carnivore and her's was the margherita, and, after sampling each other's, we both agreed that the carnivore is the way to go.  The meat was savory and fresh and really took the pizza to another level.  Still, both pizzas had a nice soft and airy crust with a slight glaze that I believe was olive oil.  I also really enjoyed the flavorful sauce at Proper Brick Oven and Tap Room.  The cheese was probably my least favorite part as it was a creamy-type of mozzarella that was almost nearing a ricotta-type of texture, but it is just my personal preference that is against that kind of cheese texture.  It worked out well for me that there wasn't a lot of cheese on the pizza as I preferred the taste of the crust, sauce, and toppings.  Overall, I am extremely happy that I stumbled upon the Proper Brick Oven and Tap Room and would recommend it to anyone in Pittsburgh.
5	We decided to drop by on a recent Sunday night.  The place was not busy at all, just a few lone diners at the bar and a couple of other couples scattered about.  First off, I love the decor.  The wood burning brick oven on the lower level surrounded by a small bar for those who want to watch their pizza being made.  Up a half flight of stairs, there is the rich red brick wall behind the massive bar.  Love the rustic light fixtures and the butter yellow covered banquet and chairs and beautiful wood tables.The menu has some nice choices of snacks, salads and pizzas.  They also have some interesting seasonal specials.  This place is all about the beverages.  They serve 30 craft beers from local and regional breweries, a list that is forever changing.  They also serve wines by the glass and cocktails.We came in to enjoy a pizza and decided to share The Carnivore.  The menu description is as follows:  San Marzano tomatoes, house-made sweet and hot Italian sausage, spicy pepperoni, bacon and  house-made mozzarella.  This pizza doesn't really look like much.  But it was super amazing.  The crust was absolutely perfect.  Just the right amount of chewy goodness.  The Italian sausage is out of this world.  Perfect in every way.  Just the right amount of spicy hotness.  The pepperoni, bacon and cheese were all very good.  Perfectly seasoned, cooked just right.  BJ said it best.  "Jules, this is the best pizza that I have ever had".We didn't stop there.  We needed to have dessert.  We shared the cinnamon-almond pizelle cones with vanilla mascarpone, cinnamon apples, and candied walnuts.  It was really good, not overly sweet.  And the perfect dessert for two.We look forward to our next visit.  Can't wait to try something from their seasonal menu.
5	Wow, great to have a great tap room with great craft drafts on tap downtown. No less than 5 double IPA's on tap currently. Can't wait to see how this place does, as I work nearby and I've been waiting for an alternative to Sharp Edge. I will be back.
3	The beer selection is great and the food was tasty, but definitely over priced. The entree salads left a few in my party still hungry and they ended up ordering appetizers after their meal. Kind of a strange dining experience. I'd go back for drinks, but probably not for dinner.
4	This place is a great addition to the downtown theater district.  Great beers, good wine list and amazing looking (and smelling) pizzas.We stopped in last weekend during that odd time between lunch and dinner - so they weren't serving their whole menu.  We had a couple of drinks and chatted for awhile with a guy who I'm assuming is the manager.  It's so good to see that something worthwhile has finally replaced the old and run down Tambellini's.  While we weren't able to try a pizza, we did try their homemade chips and onion dip - YUM!  I'm a sucker for homemade chips, but these were particularly tasty.  Crispy and perfectly salty - it was a great compliment to the cool and creamy housemade onion dip.I can't wait to go back and try out some of their pizzas.
5	30 craft beers on tap. awesome brick oven pizza...HOMERUN!  What more needs to be said.
4	M and I wandered in here in the cold and I couldn't be happier that we did.  It's in the old Tambellini place and they really spruced it up inside. I decided on the Harvest pizza - a melange of pumpkin, butternut squash, sausage, cheese and herbs.What really made me think that this was a stand out pie was the crust.  Chewy, crunchy, slightly blackened on the edges.  All in all delicious, albeit a bit too blackened in some spots. M had the bianca which was your traditional white pizza but with homemade ricotta.  Delicious!I will definitely be returning to try the desserts and the awesome drink menu.
3	Place is nice,    Great draft beer selection.    We had outstanding service.   The maple bacon candy was out of this world.     We ordered  the margarita pizza & carnivore.   Unfortunately the pizza to us was just average.  We were kinda disappointed.   It wasn't that it was bad, just bland.   The San marzano sauce (which I personally use myself to make homemade pizza with) tasted straight out of the can with no seasoning.   The mozzarella didn't have a lot of flavor either.     The carnivore was just ok too, but must add that the homemade sausage was really good & the crust was decent!    We want to give this place more stars, but a place where the pizza should be a shining star!  It's just a glimmer, compared to the other fantastic pizza places in Pittsburgh.
5	WOW!!!If you love beer this is the place for you.  An incredible addition to the downtown Pittsburgh bar/nightlife scene.Another example of why this is not your grandfathers...or fathers downtown.They have 30 taps...all with QUALITY micro brews!  The most common beer they had was Bells 2 hearted or Victory Prima Pils.  Had 5 brewers that I had never heard of!I have lived in NYC, Philly, Bmore, DC, Pittsburgh and sampled the beer scene in every major city in the US.This place had the highest quality selection of American micro brews I have ever seen...EASY.Waitstaff and bar tenders were personable and fast.Pizza was good...not great...but got job done.  I did not sample any of the other food.If you are in or near downtown Pittsburgh and like craft beer this place should be your first stop...and likely will end up being your only stop!
5	Amazing versatile spot!!!! I have been in Pittsburgh for work for almost 4 months so saying I've tried out the restaurants in the area is an understatement. Food is obviously made from very fresh ingredients (healthy flatbread? Yes please). BEST salad I've ever had: their house salad. 30 beers on tap that rotate in a good way to mix it up. Fantastic wine list and cocktails. Filling a niche that needs to be filled in the area. Great food and drink in a cool yet not too pretentious vibe. Great for anything from a business dinner to a drink w a friend post workout.  You are welcome,  Pittsburgh.
5	Great beer good food Only complaint is they only have one size pizza, wish they had a pizza to share.
5	My family took me to Proper for my birthday lunch we had our waiter who has a shaved head and either Meg or Megan. They were perfect and helpful. The food was amazing. We mostly had margarita pizzas and the house salads. I highly re combed this place if you are in town and like brick oven pizzas go here. Also looks like they have a great bar atmosphere with really comfortable looking bar seats with backs.
5	My wife and I went to Proper before seeing Wicked at the Benedum. We were lucky enough to go during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week, so they were offering a special of one appetizer,one pizza, and one dessert from a selected menu. The appetizers were delicious. Bacon Candy was great , as well as the Pepperoni Bread (I believe it was called Pepperoni Pagnotta or something to that effect). The pizzas were top-notch as well. I really wanted a Carnivore, but since it was not part of the special, I chose a pie that had , among other toppings, goat cheese and house cured sweet sausage. My wife had a pizza with spinach and bacon, Both were great. The Peanut Butter Cheesecake and the Turtle Brownie sundae for dessert were also very good. The only issue that we had, and through no fault of the restaurant, is that we began to run short on time, since the show was to begin in about 30 minutes, and we had just finished our appetizers...we did have about a 45 minute to one hour wait to be seated...the place is on the small side. We told our waitress of our time constraint, and she actually helped move things along as quickly as possible (brought dessert and check shortly after the pizzas arrived,as we requested, and got our payment processed and leftovers boxed very quickly!) She was even kind enough to label our bag of leftover pizza with our name and hold it until we stopped in to get it after the show! The beer selection looked impressive, although I am not a real craft beer drinker. I just can't enjoy a beer that is $8 or $9 for a 12 oz pour...that said, it appeared that the selection was quite varied and looked tasty. Again, not an indictment of the restaurant, just a personal preference (I'd rather drink three 23 oz domestic drafts at a local bar for the same price!). All in all, I highly recommend this place and would dine here again ay any opportunity!
4	Great atmosphere and location (especially if you are catching a show downtown). Beer selection had a nice range. We had a great pizza (carnivore), good salad (add grilled chicken- it's worth it), and a portobello sandwich. Lunch menu is limited and a little different than dinner. Highly recommend!
2	I fail to see what the fuss is about this place. Stopped in for drinks and dinner. This is the kind of place that presents itself as having pride in its cocktails. So imagine my surprise when the bartender made my manhattan with Jack Daniels, and used so much ice as to water down the drink. Pizza was good, but not for the price ($15 for a roughly 10" pie). Waitress seemed clueless throughout. Bad drinks, good but overpriced food, spotty service. There are better spots for gourmet pizza on this town.
4	Excellent pizza with a very good selection of beers. Like so many places in Pittsburgh, it's great that they have a lot of microbrews on tap, but I wish there was a little more variety. Victory, Troegs, Rogue, these are all good, but there are plenty of other exciting beers out there.That said, my pizzas have been terrific, wood-fired deliciousness. Aside from the wood-burning pizza oven, the atmosphere is fine - not remarkable. Service has been friendly and well-executed both times I've been there. My only complaint is that it's so darn popular; impossible to get a table on a weekend when there's a show!
5	This place has probably THE best wood fired pizza I have ever had! And I LOVE pizza...so this was very exciting for me! I went with friends during our lunch break on a Tuesday.  We had the lunch soup special (creamy chicken broccolini) which was fabulous and split two pizzas between the three of us ladies.  We got the Margherita and the Black and Gold. The Margherita was good a, but the Black and Gold was phenomenal.   It had Yukon Gold potatoes and golden beets on it....two things I had never had on a pizza....great combo. Service was great. We were seated right away. Always had our drinks refilled without asking and they split the check for us.  Overall, wonderful experience and we will be back for sure! I am still thinking about that Black and Gold pizza!
5	This has to be some of the best pizza I have had. Everything is made in house, which makes it better for you and better tasting. The mushroom alfredo pasta is also amazing. I have never had a alfredo that is so creamy, yet light. The food is worth the trip.The restaurant itself has very New York style feel on the inside, the outside of the building hides the fact that it is a casual fancy place. Great for dates, but great for a casual get together as well! Service is quick and the staff is friendly.  Overall wonderful place.
4	This place was a lot more expensive than I expected. Actually, I don't know what all the money went to, because it seemed reasonable priced... Which makes me think their drinks must be super expensive. Their food is great! I have had 2 pizzas from here, one was a special with potatoes and onion and the other was mushroom. Both were very good. I also had the roasted peppers and that was good as well.This is a great place to stop before a show, but be warned drink prices are not listed and they are high.
4	Great pizza, 30 Draft beers . what more is there! Oh great service. Had the forest pizza it was great
4	Although a little pricey, the pizza was really great. It's not quite as good as Il Pizzaiolo, but the creative toppings and the brick oven make it a delicious alternative. Beware of the small size of the $5 chips appetizer and high beer prices. Anything over 8% is served in a tiny glass, but they don't tell you prior to your order. I will definitely be back.
4	I came here last night before walking over to the Benedum to see Alton Brown.  We arrived at just the right time around 4:30 and were seated without a wait.  The restaurant filled up quickly and a line formed for tables.  I wasn't feeling pizza (didn't know this was possible) but I'll definitely try one of them when I come back.  I ordered lasagna and enjoyed it but wasn't blown away.They had an impressive draft list of crafts, including many great options from this region of the country.  I had Victory Hop Ticket, which I haven't been able to get at many other places.  Our waitress was knowledgeable about the drinks as well, recommending something for the non-craft beer drinker of my table.  I enjoyed the atmosphere: classy but very comfortable as well.  I would love to come back and try some of the pizza (while enjoying their craft list as well of course!)
5	Woo!!!I cannot say enough wonderful things about this place. The server was fantastic...I think her name was Michelle. She was bright and bubbly; she helped to set the atmosphere as she was spot on about her beer recommendations. All of the beers I tried were spot on...they were fantastic. I didn't see many "normal" beers on tap...they all seemed like micro brews. There was an Apricot Wheat that was just insanely wonderful.Anywho. For apps, we got the Bacon Candy and the Pepperoni Bread. OMG...The Bacon Candy was just out of this world! I wish they gave you more than six pieces as I would've eaten It all night long. I dipped my pieces in the Loaded Baked Potato Soup...it was like heaven.I got the Pesto Pizza, my buddy got the Carnivore Pizza, and my other buddy got the Funghi Pasta. There wasn't a bad dish amongst us and we happily shared with each other. The bits of Pork Belly bacon on the Pesto Pizza just elevated it to a whole new level while the Italian Sausage made the pizza for my buddy. The not quite, but amazingly better Aflredo-ish sauce on the pasta mixed with mushrooms made us all happy.We didn't try dessert as we were all stuffed to the gills, but I saw the Cheesecake being brought out and it looked amazing. From the outside, you wouldn't expect much, but when you step inside, you realize after looking at the wood fired pizza oven that sits in the corner of the dining room, that you are in for a treat.I will be a frequent visitor when I'm in town and it'll be my first stop any time I'm Dahntahn! :)
5	Excellent food and reasonable prices!Great service and atmosphere!
4	I had a nice dinner here before a show in town.  We sat at the bar because all the tables left were marked for larger groups, but  I like sitting at the bar, so that was quiet alright.  The menu isn't big, but it's focused.  You're coming here and you know you'll have pizzas, pastas, and maybe a few salads and that's all they need.  The pasta with simple tomato sauce was flavorful and I enjoyed it.  It got a little one-note halfway through; I would have liked more fresh herbs to add some brightness throughout the whole meal.The bartenders were friendly and fairly attentive for the most part, though they didn't seem very busy just yet, so they should have been keeping an eye on us.  The only odd part was one of the staff members sitting at the bar eating.  I couldn't tell if he was on the clock or off, but I was a little confused because he seemed like he had some managerial position.  Other staff members were coming to him and asking questions, sampling new beers he told them were just brought in, and generally interacting with him while he sat and ate a pizza.  He wasn't being crass or loud, I just wasn't sure if he was being entirely professional.All in all, I had a great night.  If you're torn between a draft or a cocktail, I'd go with a cocktail.  It seemed like a better value.  Most of the beers were between $5.75 and $7 and anything over 7% ABV (as most of the higher-priced beers were) were served in 12 oz glasses and the Lemoncello Collins my boyfriend ordered was $10 (and full size).  I'd pay 3 more for that.
4	Got here before 5pm on a Sunday and were seated right away. They were not too busy. We had to be at a show by 6:30 right across the street from the Benidum. Husband had a beer flight which was neat. I enjoyed the Apricot beer. He ordered the candied bacon which he liked and their pesto pizza which was a special-also very good. I ordered the house salad which I can't say enough good things about. It was just an awesome salad. I also had the margherita pizza which was really just okay. I liked my husbands pizza way better. The server was friendly. However, as it got busier, the service was way slower. It took a long time to receive our salad and bacon and even longer after that for the pizza.  We ended up having to ask for our pizza to be put in a box and took it to our car before it even came to the table so we could walk across the street by 6:30 which was really disappointing to not be able to enjoy at the table especially since we were in and seated before 5pm.  It is a neat place and my husband is excited to go back. I just wish we didn't have to wait an hour and a half for our food.
4	A really nice place. We were visiting Pittsburgh a few weeks ago and stopped in here (ok, planned to stop in here is more like it) for lunch. I had a great salad and some amazing pizza. My husband had two flights of beer (with a little help from me). Everything was great. Service was above average. Would probably be annoying at a too-crowded/too-noisy level at night, because it's kind of narrow inside. But perfect for a slow afternoon.
3	So, I went yesterday with the same group of people. Proper was packed! I believe we got one of the last tables in the place. Here's the breakdown of the update.Service: 2.5/5. It took our server about ten minutes to acknowledge us. The hostess got us our drinks after we had been waiting for a while, which was nice of her. Our server spoke to us maybe three times the whole evening. I really felt like I was bothering her by asking her for things (apps came without plates, refills on drinks after they sat empty for a while.) She wasn't bad, but I've had better.Food: 4/5. The Bacon Candy: It didn't taste anything like the first time. Instead of a savory mix between sweet, spicy, smoky, and salty...all I could taste was a bad mix of salt and spice. It didn't have the sweet, maple-like taste like the first time, but it was overwhelmingly salty and had a serious kick to it. It also tasted...underdone. Not sure of a better way to describe it. It didn't have a crisp bite to it, but it reminded me of bacon that needed to be cooked for a few minutes longer.Proper House Chips and Dip: It was pretty good. It's an adult version of Lays and Lipton French Onion Dip and we enjoyed it. It was the perfect amount of chips v. dip as well. The only thing I would've done differently was salt the chips before they came out; the dip seemed like it was missing something, but a dash of salt brought it out. It was very good.Funghi: Once again...fantastic. Can't say anything bad about it.Bacon and Broccoli Pasta: It was good. It was spicy...I think someone had a thing for Pepper that night as everything tasted heavy on the Pepper. It wasn't a bad thing as it still tasted very good, but very heavy on the pepper.Carbonara: It was awesome! Very tasty and very well done. Once again...heavy on the pepper, but still very tasty.Dessert: They were okay: Cheesecake, Chocolate Cake, and the frozen custard. They were all good...nothing too standout, but it was still good and we were all happy.Ambience: 2/5. It was extremely loud in the dining room. Since it's so small inside, it's not hard to see why it would sound loud, but I felt like I had to almost shout to my table mates. It didn't help that there was an obnoxiously loud, drunk guy at the bar and he stood right behind us the entire time we were there along with a large party. The other thing...it was very dark. I don't remember it being so dark inside the first time, but one of my tablemates had to use his flashlight on his cellphone to read the menu as his eyesight isn't the best.Overall...it wasn't a bad trip, but I learned to steer clear of the place if it even looks busy. I will be going again as their Microbrew selection is awesome and the bartender makes incredible cocktails and one mediocre trip isn't enough to keep me from going back.
4	We stopped in the Tap Room after dinner on Saturday evening.  The place was packed.  We walked down the bar and only found one open bar stool, so I sat while the H stood.  They had so many options and even though they were busy the bartender was so nice and patient when she came to wait on us.  We enjoyed a few beers before heading back toward home and I would definitely stop back in here again maybe to try some of their food.  The place was very nice inside just way too dark for me.  I forgot it was still light out, it was tricking with my head... HA, sometimes not too hard to do after 3 lovely IPA's.
1	Meh. I've experienced better. This place runs like someone failing at the game diner dash, where people walk out if you ignore them for too long, or don't bring the bill fast enough. I would say this, if you're a tourist staying downtown Pittsburgh don't waste your time on this place.Unless you're walking in for lunch, or a post dinner rush meal do not bother.If you're looking for a quick bite or drink, don't bother.If you value customer service...don't bother.I tried to make a reservation but they don't make them for groups under 6....let me tell you there is maybe 1 table for six in the tiny restaurant.We arrived at 615pm, we waited in the awkward foyer freezing for an hour. The hostess was pretty indifferent and annoyed with our presence.  The only reason we even stayed was that we were waiting for a friend to meet us there.In the hour that we hovered in the 70s style foyer, we told everyone who walked in to leave because it wasn't worth it to go in.  Probably turned away about 10 people.When we arrived there seemed to be a lot of groups of middle aged people who were wasted.  Like a lot, in fact as we left drunk moms were piling into a minivan and giving the waitress the finger. Super classy.  So we sat down, ordered beers- the golden monkey was meh.  Ordered the italian cheese plate, and pepperoni bread. 1 of the 3 cheeses was really good, one was meh, and one was covered completely in balsamic. Not great.Ordered the Margherita  Pizza and the carnivore, both came and were very fresh. So yes the ingredients were very fresh, but it wasn't like something earth shattering.  Maybe I'm just a pizza guru, but it wasn't all that and a bag of chips for me.  Standard brick oven pizza.We had the chocolate cake, which was very very dense and we couldn't finish it....and not in a good way.I have to say that while dining we asked for Ranch dressing, and apparently the owner is completely against ranch dressing being at the establishment at all. So no ranch,  in case that's something you like on your pizza.  Also took a lot to get pepper flakes as well.Over all, I was not impressed. I wish we had gone somewhere else because this place was really not worth the hype people talked about it or the time we spent there.  Pittsburgh has much better places to eat, try meat and potatoes if you can get a reservation.
4	Small restaurant that was surprisingly busy. Service was OK but they ran out of clean water glasses for a little while. Wine comes in huge goblets that look kind of comical. Food itself was good, very thin crust pizza. Would eat here again.
4	Craving pizza, especially of the brick oven variety, led me to a yelp search for the highest rated area pizza restaurants.  Proper Brick Oven & Tap Room came up in my searches consistently, among a few others, so I checked out the menus, prices, locations, and reviews.  Ultimately, I ended up going to Proper, because the menu appealed to me.  It definitely lived up to my expectations.  The food was excellent.  I had the house salad (split with my dining partner), and we shared the Black & Gold pizza, which was surprisingly delicious (surprising because I was a little skeptical at first about having potatoes and beets on my pizza).  The service was great, and the ambiance was exactly what I needed:  not too loud or boisterous but lively enough to feel like the place can draw fans.I'm not a beer drinker, but they seemed to have an extensive list of beers, and the wine offerings and other cocktails seemed appealing too.  I had a chardonnay that I liked very much.I recommend Proper Brick Oven & Tap Room for those who like pizza but want variety and are looking for a gourmet touch.
4	So I was referred here because I wanted craft beers. It delivered on that. They had an extensive list of 30+ beers to choose from and I ordered a flight of four pours consisting of an ale, a lager, a wheat beer and an IPA that I asked the bar tender to select for me. I really liked the IPA, I am not sure what it was called, so I committed to a pint.  Pricing on beer was more than fair. a flight for $9.00 is probably the least expensive I have seen it in the US. And local and regional crafts ranging from $6.00-$7.50 is a bargain. Ambience was great. It was dimly lit, how I like things and the decor was modern. It was not as rustic as some of the other craft beer bars I have been to and it felt like I was hanging out someplace upscale. My only real complaint, if you could call it that: THEY ONLY HAD PLAYOFF HOCKEY ON ONE TV. I had to ask the bartender what the Blackhawks score was and I missed the overtime. Why was the NBA on the other TV? No one was watching that. *Note, You're killing me Hawks. Good place if you like beer. Bar tender is knowledgable if you tell him your preference. I would recommend.
5	Pizza was great, the craft beer selection was extensive and the ability to sample was welcomed. Definitely my new craft brew bar!!! And they are open on sunday afternoons unlike other bars in the area.
4	Bacon Candy Appetizer is a must.  It is the best Bacon I have ever eaten!!!   Amazing beer selection and great pizza.  It just became one of my regular haunts in downtown Pittsburgh!
5	Great beer selection from many craft brewers.  $9 flights.  Great menu, brick oven pizza, great service.  Good for pre or post theater or ball game.
4	This place exceeded my expectations.   Went here as a work group of 20 for dinner.   The place is decorated very nicely, mason jar overhead lighting, very comfortable.   The cocktail, wine and beer menus are extensive.  I opted for the Rhuberry Lemonade, rhubard flavored vodka, lemonade and muddled raspberries...very tasty and refreshing.   Our group of 20 sat at 2 separate tables of 10.   Both tables ordered the housemade potato chips with homemade french onion dip (yum).  We also ordered 3 salads which were adequate to share among 10 people.  We ordered the BLT, House and an Arugula salad.   Each was fresh, nicely dressed and tasty.   Collectively we ordered the Margherita, Meditteranean, Bianca, and the Carnivore.  Each pizza was tasty in it's own rite.   The crust was perfect, not too thick, not too thin with the right amount of crunch.  The toppings were fresh and generous.   A co-worker and I split the butterscotch bread pudding, it was served warm and delicious ( I wish that I had ordered one just for myself, it was pretty good).  I would definitely return to Proper Brick Oven when visiting Pittsburgh.
5	I got the carnivore. It was delicious. And guess what? They put cheese on the entire thing unlike some places (*cough* stone pizza *cough* pizzaoli). We ordered and my food came out promptly. I'd say for brick oven the pizza came out a lot quicker than I expected. My waiter was super diligent in refilling my drink. I got three cokes in less than 45 mins! Usually I need to beg waiters to refill my glass. Pizza is overpriced at $16 for a pie, but hey. It's new it's hip its the thing to do! Great date place or business meeting. I wouldn't come here regularly but once in a blue moon I wouldn't mind one of their pizza pies!
5	Slammed on a Friday evening, but they found a spot for us anyway.  The Margerhita pizza with fresh basil was excellent.  Had only two of the 30 beers on tap, but both were fine.  Served fine as well.  ESPN on the telly.  Didn't like the choclit cake, but I was favor of ordering Ice Cream anyway.  Loud of Friday evening but that was because of the bar crowd.
5	Visiting The area for work & found this place looking on Yelp, it did not disappoint! Pizza was delicious! Loved the thin crust and the carnivore meat lover toppings were to die for. Sat at the pizza bar and the guys cooking the pizzas were very friendly. Would most definitely visit again if ever back in the area.
5	My boyfriend and I were in the area and wanted to get a quick bite to eat and settled on this place based on the promise of craft beers, which he loves. We were both impressed with the beer selection as it had a wide variety that fit both our tastes. And we were both pleasantly surprised by the pizza, it was delicious! We were served quickly, which was great as we were starving. We got the carnivore and it was just enough to split and we devoured the whole thing in record timing. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for pizza and beer.
3	It's ok.  I came here based on rave reviews I heard from people.   I ordered the carnivore pizza, which turned out to be alright but nothing spectacular.   Not very much cheese or toppings compared to your typical american pizza (I understand proper is trying to be different here).  Again, not bad but nothing to write home about. For $16 bucks there are many other restaurants/meals in town I would prefer.
5	This place was awesome. Had the Carnivore pizza and definitely didn't need to eat it all, but I definitely did. Craft beer list was on par with anything you'd see in a much larger city, and the atmosphere and the staff was fantastic. If I lived closer, this would be one of my go-to spots. Loved everything about it.
4	I was impressed by the food and the craft beer selection.  The staff is very attentive and they let you try different beers until you find something you like.  The pizzas are extraordinary, and everybody who works here is helpful and hard working.  The location is in the heart of the Cultural District, so this place is a perfect watering hole for before or after a play or performance.
5	Stumbled into Proper because I felt like something simple and a good beer, and was pleasantly surprised (and have since been back).Their beer selection is almost overwhelming...many, many unique brews, and the list is always changing.  Most beers I had never heard of, and the ones I tried were all very tasty (they have a nice selection of IPAs, as well as lighter beers with a tint of fruit).  I think my favorite IPA has been the Last Chance.I haven't tried the pizzas (yet), but the Bacon Candy, chips with the homemade french onion dip, herb & onion focaccia, and the roasted peppers are all VERY good.  Worth a visit.  The two times I was there, it was easy to get seated (once at a table with three of us, the next time at the bar).  Also a good spot to watch a game as they have a few large screen TVs.
4	If you're on Penn Avenue & looking for a not-run-of-the-mill Italian place, then check out Proper Brick Oven.  Some colleagues and I did just that on a beautiful day that made the walk over here totally worth it.Now the pizzas here can be pricey in contrast to what you'd pay at, say, Monte Cellos.  But the sandwiches are comparably priced to any decent restaurant around here.  Actually, what they have here are puccias--homemade stuffed Pugliese sandwich rolls.  I ordered the antipasti puccia, consisting of spicy pepperoni with capicolla and roasted red pepper topped off with smoked mozzarella.  Definitely not something you'd find at Subway!Proper Brick Oven isn't a place I'd eat at everyday, but it does make for a great occasional treat.  I'm going to someday check out their brunch.
4	We ate there twice, the kids wanted to go back for a third time before we left town.
4	I recently ate at the Proper Brick Oven and Tap Room for the second time.  The location is perfect for getting something to eat or drink before or after going to the Benedum Center.  The menu has a lot of enticing selections, but both times I opted for the wood-fired pizzas.  Fancy pizzas equal fancy prices here, but although it can be pricey, I felt like I got a good value for my money.  The Carnivore Pizza was satisfying for my healthy appetite -- very meaty with a very good crust and sauce.  We also ordered the Potato chips appetizer.  The portion size was small but the taste was good and I especially liked the dip that came with the chips.  The atmosphere in this restaurant is relaxed but sophisticated.  The service was very attentive and genuine, and my only complaint is that our pizzas took a long time to come out, but they were slammed with pizza orders all at the time I was there.  I forgave them, and they actually comped our drinks which was nice.  I had a nice time at this restaurant and will hope to return.
5	I burned my mouth here and don't even care. It's that good.The pizza is top notch.  We went on a Saturday afternoon and was not disappointed.  Everything was great. We had two pizzas and both were excellent.  I had one that was primarily meat.  Drinks were a little steep if I remember.
4	Unfortunately didn't get the pizza but will absolutely return for it.  I went for lunch got the chicken caprese which was great, side of giardiniera.  Great beer selection as well. Pizza does look a little pricey but looked amazing. Atmosphere was relaxed and casual.
5	Bacon bacon bacon bacon. Beer beer beer beer   Pizza pizza pizza.  Yum yum yum.  Excellent service setup and dining experience.  I would have to say that it's an easy menu and great selection.  So if like beer, good pizza, and bacon then you are good here.  Nice selection of salads and apps as well.  You'll love it.
5	This was the only place in PITT that we actually enjoyed our food at! The pizza was perfectly crispy and piled with upper scale toppings. Our appetizers came out quickly and the guy running the pizza section was friendly and helpful. If we are ever in PITT again we will be back!
5	This place surpassed all expectations. First of all, our server, Dwight, was friendly and charming without all that smarmy waiter-speak that is so common now. Everything he recommended was fantastic. We had chilled melon soup that was cool and refreshing, garnished with a berry compote. This was followed by Spinach Ricotta Dumplings, light and creamy and perfectly served with fresh focaccia - it was heaven in the mouth. The pizza bianca was also great. For dessert we shared a lemon semifreddo that was delicious. We will definitely be going back.
4	I have eaten here multiple times and this may be one of my new favorite restaurants in downtown Pittsburgh! The first time we sat at the pizza bar which is a Great place to sit and watch your pizza being made in the wood fire oven! A show must have let out shortly after we arrived because there was a rush of people at the door suddenly and they were telling people it'd be a 45 minute wait! We split the carnivore pizza which was absolutely delicious! Bacon, pepperoni, and sausage- the dough was delicious as well!They have a great craft beer selection, the wine prices seemed to high to me, but everything else seemed priced appropriately. I'd also recommend the Bianca pizza or the Forrest if you are looking for a veggie pizza. I've also eaten here for lunch, which was not as satisfying so the "star ratings" are really based on my dinner experiences. I ordered the chicken caprese puccia(balsamic-marinated chicken breast / house-cured black pepper bacon / oven-roasted Roma tomato / house-made basil pesto / house mozzarella) The bread completely overwhelmed the sandwich and when I opened it up to see how big the piece of chicken was it was literally half the size of my palm! I'm a very small person so obviously if it's half the size of my palm I don't even think this constitutes as acceptable on a sandwich. The flavors were good but it was disappointing because of the proportion of bread to meat. I will say,however, that the homemade chips were AMAZING and probably honestly the best I have ever had-and I am NOT a chip person at all! My boyfriend had the soup special (chilled pepper with scallops) and the special for lunch (pork and spaetzle with pancetta). he too commented on the size of his entree which looked more like an appetizer but it was tasty. The soup (besides the chips which again were amazing but that's not a reason to return anywhere) was I think the highlight for both of us. I'll still return but I think for dinner instead of lunch
4	very good pizza.  nice selection of craft draft beer.  staff was friendly.  i will go back to this place when i am in Pitt.
4	Finally got the attention at the bar to get a drink and menus. I guess i blend in.... Ordered the carnivore and it wAs delicious with nice brick oven smokiness.  I left two slices un- devoured.  Good beer selection too.  I would go back.  Minor nit-picks not worthy of posting for a first visit.
5	We were in the mood for Italian and stumbled upon this lovely place! The atmosphere is great, trendy but not pretentious. It is not large so I can see it getting very busy, but we went late on a Tuesday and were seated immediately.  The hostess greeted us with a welcoming smile. Our server was tied up with a large party, so another server brought us waters while we decided on drinks. This was a great touch! It's the little things that matter to me because customer service is a dying art. When our server, Lee, approached us, she was genuine and answered all of our questions. We went with a beer flight to share which was a great way to sample some of their MANY draft beers. We started with a pepperoni roll and Cheese platter. The bread was definitely homemade. The pepperoni roll was dense and flavored perfectly with Italian herbs and spices. It was paired with a house marinara that was awesome. The cheese platter came with a homemade fresh mozzarella drizzled with balsamic glaze and fresh basil, a deliciously creamy burrata, and a wonderful grana Padano topped with lemons soaked in honey. We were fighting over the last bits of cheese! Being kind of full from the starters, we opted for a pizza Bianca for dinner. We added pepperoni and basil. What a treat! When it was delivered, we thought we won't eat all of this, but somehow we managed.  We took a piece of homemade pineapple cheesecake back to the hotel for dessert. What a great decision! It was creamy, sweet, and we wished we had more. Overall, this was a fantastic dining experience. The hostess' greeting, our awesome server (which is rare these days), great beer, and truly delicious food.
5	From start to finish the good was outstanding. This place is truly the gem of Pittsburgh eats. I have traveled all over the world and to all the major cities and this place is one of my absolute favorites.   The pizza is by far superior to anything in the area. The bacon candy is to die for.  I think I will be dreaming about the bacon candy in my sleep. The salads are as fresh as can be.  The watermelon drink is amazing and the chocolate cake is also fantastic.
5	My wife and I had been travelling on summer vacation and felt this was our best dining experience during our week of eating out.  Our waiter was excellent.  He made recommendations and checked up on us, but never in an over-bearing manner.  We ended up ordering their Black & Gold Pizza, which was made up of potatoes, golden beets, garlic and olive oil.  It was a very unique combination, but we both thought it was the best thing we had eaten on our entire trip.  We will try to duplicate this at home, but probably won't come close to what we had at Proper Brick Oven.
5	This restaurant was one of the best I've been to! This was my first time visiting Pittsburgh and my parents and I decided to go to Proper. I was looking at reviews  on my phone for different resuraunt in the area and this one sounded pretty good with its wood fired advertisement. My parents are simple eaters and when we walked in we were surprised to find that it was more gourmet food than we expected. We looked over the menu and figured we would just share a pizza and order salads. Our waiter came over and was very nice! He explained the menu and offered alterations to our meal (Margaretta pizza add pepperoni) and catered to our individual requests. He explained the beer menu very well to my mom and offered her samples because she was unsure. To top off our superior service, the food was incredible! They make their own mozzarella in house, you could taste just how incredibly fresh all the ingredients were, our salads (house and BLT) pizza (see above) and dessert (peaches and cream trifecta and cheese cake trio) were to die for!!! If we ever come back to Pittsburgh, we will definitely be returning to Proper!!! :)
5	Proper was a great start to a week long stay in Pittsburgh.  The Mahi - Mahi was incredible and Mike made some delicious drinks to go with it. Highly recommend
5	Amazing pizza (the Forest), and even better beer. I had what the bar keep recommended. Perfect meal, nice staff, and a group came in and sat next to us that we had a great conversation with. All over a cool experience.
5	If you want amazing pizza, a large craft beer selection, and/or an amazingly friendly staff.. This is the place to be!! I'll be back here for sure. Just make sure not to go over your paid parking.. You will get a ticket..
5	I am a foodie.  I like snobby pizza.  I finally found snobby pizza in Pittsburgh!  Will DEFINITELY be back.
5	Loved this place! I've waned to come here since moving to Pittsburgh. The reviews really justify the experience. The beer selection is good- not excellent (have to head to Fathead's to get A+ beer selection) but the food is really great. Have to get a wood-fired pizza. Totally excellent. I also really recommend the candy bacon appetizer. Holy god. I'd go back here in a heart beat.
5	This is an amazing place. The Bacon Candy, Proper house chips & Black & Gold pizza is to die for. Big thanks to master brick oven pizza maker Troy and server Lee for making our first dinner in Pittsburgh awesome.  Highy recommended.  After hearing about the carnivore pizza from Troy. We are planning to return for lunch to try it. Don't walk but run here before they get packed.
5	As it's name suggests...this place serves beer and pizza...proper...no doubt. It's a modern but casual bar scene.  The personal pizza is off the chain (I had the sopressata which was delish)....the beer selection is on point (probably 30 awesome and unique craft beers on tap)...and the bar servers are knowledgeable about the beer and spirits and are very friendly.  Our bartender Mike was friendly, professional and quicky reccomended a beer pairing which was spot on.  Personal Pizzas are $15-$18.  Beers are in the $6 range.  Well worth it.If you are in Pittsburgh do not pass this place up.  Highly recommended.
4	Went to this place when it first opened. Really love the atmosphere. Sort of a sleek modern feel, but cozy at the same time. Nice specialty cocktail selection. Had a roasted chick pea appetizer and candied bacon. Both really good. We ordered a variety of pizzas and all were very tasty.
5	I was looking for a place to eat near the Westin on Penn Ave. My girlfriend and I thought we would try it out for some brunch and we were blown away! The atmosphere was inviting, the chairs were comfortable, and Todd our waiter was very helpful in deciding what we should try. I would suggest to anyone to stop by and have a good drink with some delicious food.
2	Proper Brick tap room is a cute little restaurant with cool ambiance but terrible food. My dad ordered the pizza which was OK at best. I ordered the pesto pasta and it was absolutely tasteless. It was pretty much plain pasta covered in oil. I was trying to be a good sport and eat what I could but it was just not possible. Now to the good part...I'm usually not one to complain so I was reluctant to say anything but the waiter noticed I hadn't touched my food. I told him I couldn't eat the pasta and he immediately got the manager. Kevin (the manager) was AMAZING. I didn't want to make a big stink but Kevin was quick to take care of it. He offered something else but at that point I just wanted to call it a night. He took the pasta off the bill and sent me home with a delicious cheesecake. Yah, I'm easily bought...but I was pretty impressed with how considerate the staff were. I wouldn't go here again for dinner, but there was an extensive beer list. I was so impressed with the service I'd definitely come by for a drink!
5	Propers is truly the most fun place to go to before a game or play.  We love to sit at the pizza bar and watch Troy, better know as the "master and Robert make the most delicious pizzas ever.  They should charge a cover charge.  Although, all the food is outstanding and they have a great beer and drink menu, it is the people who keep bringing us back. Sean will great you at the door, Julie will make sure you well taken care of and if you are lucky enough to meet Chef Jerome you night will be complete.  Perfect date night place.  We got our son and his girlfriend a gift certificate for Christmas.  Try the Mediterranean pizza with the house salad - it is enough for two. You won't be disappointed
4	I've come here with my boyfriend twice now and both times the food and atmosphere have been wonderful. Last time we had the Funghi pizza and last night we had the Sopressatta pizza. The Funghi was definitely our favorite. The crust isn't too crispy like with a lot of brick oven pizzas-just the right amount of chewy and crispy. The BLT salad is delicious, although the roasted tomatoes were a little too roasted for me last night. They loved their candied bacon...we thought it was okay-a little too sweet for us. They have awesome beer choices and the bartender is honest about what's good and legitimately wants you to have a good time. I think we will make this a regular spot for us!
4	I stopped by here last night for dinner with my wife.  We didn't really get to see much of the inside since it was a nice night and we wanted to sit outside.  The outside of the restaurant had a nice view of the city and while roped off from the rest of the sidewalk it didn't prevent a panhandler from asking us for money.For our entrees my wife and I decided to split the fig and the pig pizza and also the carbonara pasta.  The pig part of the pizza was prosciutto and it contrasted nicely with the sweetness of the figs.  However there were some instances with the pizza where I just got the prosciutto without the fig and thought that those bites were a bit too salty for me.  The pizza crust itself was nice and crispy and also had a good garlic flavor when eaten without toppings.   Our entree was the carbonara pasta and whenever it was first brought out to us I thought that it looked like a small portion for the price.  However, the bowl was deceiving and there was much more pasta than it looked like.  The carbonara was made up of house-made tagliatelle with house-made black pepper bacon, a fresh egg and Parmigiano-Reggiano.  While I really ended up enjoying the taste of the pasta, most of that was due to the overpowering flavor of the pepper on the bacon.  I will say that the noodles themselves were pretty decent and I did really enjoy the creaminess of the sauce as well.  For dessert my wife and I decided to split their pumpkin cheesecake.  It was rich and decadent with a great pumpkin flavor that we both enjoyed.The bottom line for me is that I will be back here again in the future.  All of the food that we had was good and I think that Proper is a nice addition to the downtown dining scene.
4	In Proper, I've found yet another great restaurant for pre-show dinner in the Cultural District, and another great wood-fired pizza place downtown.  (As usual, Yelp comes through again!)  I visited for dinner last night prior to seeing the Book of Mormon at Heinz Hall with a friend, and it didn't disappoint.Based on other reviewers' advice, I suggested that we start off with an order of the bacon candy.  This didn't take much convincing on my friend's part, since he's a major bacon aficionado.  His verdict, and I quote, was, "This is the best bacon I've ever tasted!" I haven't been to bacon night at Harris Grill, but he has, and he claims this bacon puts theirs to shame.  For my part, I can only say that I fully endorse his statement about it being the best bacon I'd ever tasted.  The flavor was rich, smoky, and complex, with the perfect salty/sweet balance.  Should you pay Proper a visit, I highly recommend that you try it!For our entree, we decided on the pesto pizza, which, in addition to pesto, is topped with Roma tomatoes, caramelized onions, bacon bits (the real kind), and mozzarella, with a generous sprinkle of freshly-grated parmesan cheese.  While the flavor of the toppings was good overall, I concur with Jason F.'s comment that some bites that included only one or a couple of the ingredients tasted strange, since not all of the flavors could meld together as intended.  Additionally, the pesto was a bit different than my friend I had envisioned--it was rather concentrated, and dotted on the pizza, rather than having a creamier consistency and the spreading, as we'd imagined--which made its flavor overpowering at points. On the positive side, the flavor of the caramelized onions was good, and added a nice note to overall flavor the pizza.  (This is a really positive endorsement from me, since I usually dislike onions and was considering removing them.)  Also, unlike one of the other wood-fired pizzas I've tried at another restaurant downtown, the crust was a bit on the thicker side, and was crispy throughout, so they did a good job cooking the pie.  The bacon plus one pie was sufficient for the two of us, b/c we didn't want leftovers since we were heading to the show afterward, and it worked out well.In addition to the food, my friend and I both ordered the cider snap, a seasonal cocktail that includes apple cider and vodka.  It was sweet, but not overly so, and we both enjoyed it very much.  (I particularly enjoyed the piece of sugared ginger that came with it as a garnish!)  It definitely made for a great start to the meal, and complemented the bacon candy well once it was served.  My friend also ordered an IPA--I forget the exact name, but it was the hoppiest one on the menu, according to the waitress.  It actually turned out to be a bit too hoppy for my friend, but he ordered it at his own risk, in light of the waitress's verdict!In the interest of time, my friend and I opted to sit at the bar--we were able to find two seats at the far end without a problem.  We enjoyed the ambiance, which includes exposed brick and ball jar "shades" on the lights dangling from the ceiling.  Service was efficient, and we had no issues making it to the show on time, even though we arrived a bit later than we'd planned.  One more thing: My friend left his sunglasses on the bar when we left.  Ironically, just as he was describing his tendency to lose sunglasses to me, as if on cue, a waiter caught us on the corner and returned his sunglasses.  For that alone, the service gets a 5+ star rating!
4	The brick oven makes a tasty pizza. The beet salad, if you're into these types of things, was delicious. The exceptional part of the dining experience at the bar was the swift and friendly service. Thanks Dwight and Mike. The draft selection is impressive, variety is a good thing. Some places may have 30+ things on tap, but lack having porters and stouts. I couldn't help but be thankful that the punkin beer selection was limited to three.
5	Great pizza, beer and service!!! Go see Troy behind the pizza oven and try the pesto pizza!
5	This place hit it out the park. Our party of 7 took up their 7 seats at one of their bars and the waitress was so sweet, informative, and happy to be there. Love the fact that they use San Marzano tomatoes. Great pricing. Try bacon candy and margherita pizza.
1	I'm in town for a conference and decided to look on Yelp for something tasty to eat in downtown Pittsburgh -- I knew my options would be limited in that a lot of places aren't open on Sunday nights. The reviews for this place looked promising ... I'm sad to say that this place was a major disappointment. Both the food and the service left a lot to be desired.My waitress looked like she didn't want to be there and spoke to me w/ an inappropriate tone and urgency, like she needed me to hurry up and order. I was immediately turned off by her poor attitude but decided to order anyway, since I had walked all the way over there from my hotel. I ordered a beer and the mushroom pizza (Forrest). No real complaints about the beer, but the pizza was bland and tasteless at best. I was so hungry from traveling all day that I ate what I could and boxed up the rest. I handed the box to a homeless man on the street on my way back to the hotel. I figure that was maybe a little less wasteful since I had originally planned on throwing it away.1 star for the cute atmosphere. I tried to think of something else positive, but am drawing a blank. If you're used to food having any type of true flavor, this place is an absolute no. While the atmosphere is kinda cute, the service is bad. Don't waste your money. Go somewhere else. Your wallet and taste buds may thank me later.
4	Yum yum yum! Delicious brick oven pizza and great craft beer selection. Also was liking the spinach/ricotta dumplings which were a new twist on dumplings for me. Wish they were a little more exotic on their ingredients. The margarita was excellent but not super special. However I've been spoiled by great Chicago pizza places, so maybe a slightly biased opinion. That was the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5. Prices are reasonable. Great ambiance in the location, will definitely return.
5	The Margarita was awesome!!!!!!!!! One of the best I ever had. I sure everything they serve is awesome as well.
4	The thing about Italian food is its cheesy and yummy!!! The yelpers led us to this small yet beautiful and cozy place. The restaurant has a sit in bar with a TV to watch which I found very attractive and they do serve food at the bar table!! I felt the place was bit congested because only one way traffic is allowed at certain parts making the customer bit uncomfortable. We ordered a Mediterranean pizza. Very much liked it coz of thin crust and just the right amount of cheese and seasoning!!! Will definitely visit next time to try out other menu thought the options are limited to 3 for vegetarians!!
5	I went there last week with a big group for dinner.  They had a pretty impressive beer list, including some less common west coast selections; prices were reasonable at $6-7 for a pint of craft beer.  The 8 guys in our group ended up splitting 4 pizzas...that amount seemed about right.  We had the forest pizza, the carnivore, the soppressatta, and the pesto.  I was amazed at how different they all were, and everything was uniquely delicious.  The forest was a perfect autumn umami mushroom bomb.  I thought the soppressata was a better balanced "classic" meat pizza than the carnivore, but both were excellent.  The pesto had a pretty strong flavor profile; merely the least-good pizza in an impressive quartet.Very highly recommended!
4	My husband and I ate here for the first time. The food was good. Great service & atmosphere and the food came out very fast. Everything we got was delicious! Their pizzas are made in a brick oven. Which gives the pizza a great taste. Would definitely recommend checking them out.
4	We weren't overly impressed with Proper on our first visit shortly after they first opened, so we never went back. Fortunately, a work lunch took me back recently and the experience was much MUCH better this time around! It certainly left me wanting to return soon!Atmosphere was never the issue. It's a comfortable, warm space. The large bar top eats up quite a bit of space, but it does serve a purpose when dining at the bar, as there's never an issue with finding room for the pizza dishes and your drink to coexist. The staff is nice, and service the last time around was much more attentive. The first time we went, we sat at the bar in a relatively-empty restaurant. Service was insanely slow, drinks weren't refilled, etc. On my latest visit with a group of 6, service was quick and drinks were topped off very regularly, so I'll mark that as either an overall improvement, or a sign that table service is stronger than bar service.As far as the bar goes, Proper offers up a large draft selection and a bunch of mixed drink options which should please the majority of patrons. If beer is your thing, you'll definitely find something worthwhile. If you're looking for a mind-blowing mixed drink, you might not find it here, but you won't be disappointed, either. Besides...you're here for the pizza!That's what will ultimately bring me back to Proper: the pizza. The margherita pizza is excellent. There wasn't a lot of cheese on the pie, but the highlight was definitely their sweeter sauce and crust. The crust on their pizza almost has the flavor of a pan pizza more than a brick oven-style pizza, but that's simply an observation, not a complaint. It's a bit thicker than some neapolitan pizzas, with a crispier outside and soft inside. Perhaps that, too, is what reminded me more of a pan pizza crust.  I also had the carnivore; Proper's pie for meat lovers. For me, it was the perfect amount of meat. Not too much, not too little. Just the right amount of spice from the sausage and saltiness from the bacon. It was good, despite meat-heavy pizzas being far from my favorite. The most interesting pizza I tried on our visit was the "harvest." Talk about a blast of Fall for your palette. Butternut squash, pumpkin sauce, crispy sage, sweet italian sausage, fresh mozz, and nutmeg. Yes, it tastes as strangely delicious as it sounds, and while the make-everything-imaginable-taste-like-pumpkin craze seems out-of-hand these days, the harvest pizza is worth checking out while you can get it.Ultimately, the improved service and delicious margherita will bring me back, and as someone who works downtown, it's nice to have another lunch or dinner option to be excited about! Enjoy!
2	I thought the bar and the atmosphere were great. Do yourself a favor though and eat before you get there. The pizza was okay if you were going there to drink for 2-3 hours, watch a couple of games and then got hungry and had to eat something. Do not go just for the pizza. We stayed at the William Penn and googled best pizza in pitt. There were enough good reviews to warrant a visit and I was thirsty!! The bar must be set very low for good pizza in Pittsburgh. The two stars were for the beer selection only. We tried the bacon candy. Overcooked bacon with brown sugar? My daughter was impressed, me so-so. I always order the Margherita pie on my first visit to any pizza joint. That way you can taste the sauce, cheese and crust without meat and other flavoring interfering. This is chain restaurant pizza a best. Then came dessert, ugh! My daughter always gets dessert when I treat her to dinner. Triple layered chocolate cake with peanut butter filling I think? We got two forks so I dove in. The cake must have been baked last week. You couldn't stick a fork in it!! The cake would crumble and it got harder deeper into the cake. No wonder they buried it under peanut butter, chocolate syrup and some crunchy something or other. A third of the way through my daughter bit into a piece of plastic wrap. Our server came over, apologized, removed the cake from the table and the charge off our bill. He also bought me one of my beers. Once is enough.
5	A group of us stopped by for an early lunch before seeing a White Christmas. At 11:30 we were about the only people in the restaurant though by 1230, it was packed. I was surprised to see that the majority of the space inside was taken by the bar. There were some tables in font, on the side and behind the bar but, I imagined the inside space to be bigger the several times I walked by. I started my lunch with a half house salad. Within a few minutes our waitress brought out the first course. The salad consisted of bibb lettuce, candied walnuts, pears and goat cheese in a white Balsamic dressing. I opted for no goat cheese. The sweet dressing paired nicely with the crisp pears and crunchy walnuts. There was even a small piece of a savory bread loaf on the side. I honestly couldn't have asked for a better salad. Everything about it was perfect. Speaking of perfection, within a few minutes, my entree - Margherita pizza arrived. This was easily the best Margherita pizza I have had in years. The San marzano tomatoes tasted like the we're picked off the vine and crushed specifically for my pizza, so fresh. The house made mozzarella was melted to perfection. The crust had the exact amount of crisp and crunch one would desire. I almost didn't want to share but alas, I was unable to finish all of the 8 (!!!!) slices so I offered it around. I also happened to get to try a few of the desserts on the menu which changes frequently. My favorites were the apple jack Gelato and the cherry cheesecake with a fruity pebble crust. Who knew that kids' cereal could be reinvented into something so yummy. I felt like we were in an episode of Chopped. Overall, the service was great, the atmosphere was pleasant and the food was incredible. This will be my new go to before seeing a show.
5	Loved! The pepper cheddar bread was amazing I loved it so much we went two nights in a row for dinner.  Had the Mediterranean pizza and it was incredible!.  This place filled up quick and the bar was packed but I could see why the food was incredible.  There was a little bit of a wait for pizza but it looked like the entire restaurant was ordering one.  Would recommend and will go back next time in Pittsburgh!
4	We came here after seeing a play at the Byham. Food was great. Candied bacon and pizza were both impeccable. Desserts weren't anything special. Overall a good dining experience.
5	Just wonderful! Bacon candy was to die for, as was the Forest pizza. We had great service even with a large party on a Sunday evening and everyone enjoyed their meals. Drinks were well mixed and the wine list was thorough as well. A great place for before or after a show as well.
5	One of the best pizza restaurants I've been to. I was visiting from Northern Virginia, and I wish I could take this place back home. Great craft beer menu! Tried the Monkey Boy (best beer I tried during my stay in Pittsburgh). I had the pesto pizza, it was delicious and flavorful, even had bacon! The crust was really good too!
5	Love the margherita pizza. EXCELLENT crust, thick sauce, but could use a little more flavor maybe some more oregano. Otherwise a great pizza in every way. I taste some garlic in the crust that gives a great Pop. Excellent draft beer selection. The bartended with the beard was awesome. Very knowledgable on the beer.
5	Twas a cold New Year's Eve when we stumbled into this gem of a restaurant. Lots of organic on the menu. The acorn squash soup was the perfect balance of sweet and savory.  Pizza menu will not disappoint.  Amazing beers on tap. If you have just woken up like I did at 4pm try the Mexican coffee porter! It's perfect!  The staff is super friendly! Happy new year and enjoy!
4	This was our first time trying Proper. We had heard great things about it as well as reading great reviews. When you walk in it is low lit and cozy. The oven adds to the ambience. Though there weren't many customers the hostess seemed to question where to seat us. She ended up cleaning off a small table for us. Our waitress was nice but talked so fast that I had to ask her to repeat herself twice. I ordered the Tacchino with a side if house made chips. It was a good choice. It has smoked turkey and bacon candy on it. Each bit was savory with a tiny touch of sweetness. The chips were thin and crispy. My husband ordered the Chicken Caprese. It was also very good. He chose pickled vegetables as his side. They are served cold and are spicy. He loved them. One of the things that was annoying was a couple brought their toddler and a baby in with them. Now, I like kids, but my theory is that you shouldn't bring young children into places that don't have children's menu. The toddler was loud and all over the place. It was very disruptive to the quiet and cozy atmosphere. We will definitely be back to try the pizza and beer.
5	Bacon candy was great. Loved the beer selection. My boyfriend and I got two flights and had a tough time only selecting 8 out of the many. "Heyday" was amazing and the winter lager.
2	Not great.  Poor bar selection and I heard staff "praying" they would not get busy...  sounds like they don't want customers...
5	.
5	There was a long wait and the hostess said she would come get me when the table was ready, she came up a few times to tell me where I was at on the list. My waiter was super great too. I love the staff.
5	This is a wonderful spot. The atmosphere with the big chalkboard behind the bar listing the beers on tap, brick walls, and low lighting is inviting and cozy. The wine and beer choices are plenty and so is the menu. You'll be sure to find something you like. The pizza is of course delicious, but I recommend getting an appetizer before the meal as well. There are a lot of unique ones to try.
