4	I may be lactose intolerant but that has not stopped me from binging on gelato.Gelato 64 is located in the Lee Lee's Plaza on the NE corner of Dobson and Warner. I'll tell you now...it's no Arlecchino, but the quality of the gelato is better than the one just down the road from this place. The shop is brand-spanking new, almost clinical-looking, with it's white walls, streamlined lighting, and minimal furnishings (mostly Ikea-looking).The interior is simply non-descript, almost too bland and boring-looking. But perhaps there was a reasoning behind the seemingly sterilized, minimalist environment...ah, yes, of course. The element that seems to give the room character and subtle vibrancy is the gelato.The flavor selection is pretty impressive...almost Baskin Robbins-esque, with its 31 flavors (or maybe more!). The consistency of the gelato is excellent, very creamy and it doesn't leave you with a gritty feeling in your mouth. As far as flavors go, I think the fruitier ones win over the chocolate, or cream-based flavors. For example, their rum raisin just lacked the "punch" of rum, and their cherry vanilla really was just vanilla with chunks of frozen cherry. If you were only served one chunk of cherry, then expect to be eating vanilla gelato the rest of the time.In contrast, their mango and raspberry, for example, had just the right tartness that made you pucker with delight. The fruity flavors were true to taste and were magnificent when combined. I say, go for the fruit flavors!The staff members were very friendly and courteous, and were very generous in giving you sample tastings. You gotta appreciate that!
4	If you're the type that are into choices, then Gelato 64 has got your number.  Their number stands for the 64 flavors of gelato that you can choose from.  When I was there they seem to be a couple of flavor short since several of the slot in the gelato case was empty...but anything approaching 60 is already a ridiculously wide range of selection.The gelato was well flavored and had a nice smooth texture.  Extra star for range of flavor.
5	After dinner, we were craving some ice cream.  We stummbled upon Gelato 64 . . . The ipod white atmosphere was sleek and hip as we munched our mint chip & butter pecan.  It was fabulous.  To my surprise they also serve espresso/coffee drinks.  I was going to get my normal drip, when pumpkin pie latte was starring me in my face.  It was DELICIOUS!!!  And now I am obsessing about pumpkin pie latte.  My husband ordered the ginger spice latte which was also a great hit with us.  YUMMY, YUMMY!!!!!!
5	This is a good place to relax after a tough day of holiday shopping! All the gelato in gelato64 is made with skim milk and splenda! And it tastes fabulous! It is a lot healthier than ice cream and it tastes loads better. Go and try it! Its a hidden gem in the area. Great decor and helpful friendly service!
5	A sweet taste of Italy, here in Chandler!!!I visited Gelato 64 for the 1st time last week. Took my wife & 10 year old son. Apparently the 64 flavors available is true, it took us about 10 minutes to decide which we wanted.The Taramisu (mine) was very tasty. A little weak in flavor as teramisu goes, but it was very good, creamy, and richMy wife had the Dark Chocolate, which was truly a taste of heaven, and my son had the cookie dough, which he enjoyed also. Service was fast and friendly, prices are good, and the gelato is the closest I've had to what I ate on my trips to Italy. Next up... trying the fruit flavors, and perhaps some Lavazzo (Italian Coffee) espresso drinks.Stop in and try them out... you won't regret it.
5	I've been around to many of the Gelato places around town and this is actually the best one I have found so far.  HUGE portions!  They *FILL* up the cup!
4	Cheap and generous for an after dinner treat this place works everytime.Try the Ferrero Rocher flavor ... deeeelicious!
3	Happened to be not too far down Warner Road and was in a gelato kind of place. I'm not sure if all 64 flavors were out but definitely quite a slew. I was really surprised to walk in at 3:30 p.m. and find it empty. And it was pretty warm for January outside. Could it be the hard economic times are even affecting gelato-eating habits or did this place just fall flat. Anyway, the guy behind the gelato was pretty patient in letting me sample several flavors. I was intrigued by the off-the-wall options like black sesame and chocolate chili. I like some of the names i.e. death by chocolate. I really liked the peanut butter cheesecake--not a flavor you see too often. This place is definitely too far for me to drive just for gelato. But for what they were peddling, it served its purpose. And I like the modern decor of hanging lights and spacey yellow chairs. I'd have to say my gelato heart still belongs to Arlecchino Gelateria's pistacchio gelato.
4	I'm not a big "gelato aficionado"...hmm sounds like the start of a new song - to be worked on later....Anyway, I don't get into the habit of eating desert / ice cream to ensure that I can fit into my pants, I am a liquid desert kind o' girl. But I have to say I may have to venture the 3 blocks to get here. Maybe walking there will make me feel less guilty. They have amazing flavors and pile the goodness high...from rich and savory chocolate, peanut butter, cream cheese options to fresh and smooth fruity flavors like tart cherry, mango and "sunshine" - which just makes you smile when you eat it. They always add a few "left field" flavors out there - I want to be the gelato mixologist that comes up with these!  Last time I was there they had lemon basil which was amazing an really got me craving a good chicken picata! Didn't get a chance to try the Italian coffee but  I'm intrigued enough to return.
4	This place is pretty cute.  When we went in, we were greeted by a really cute and friendly girl who was eager to help.  We tried few flavors and totally loved the double fudge chocolate brownie and berry mango.  They were soooo good**Decor = pretty cute and clean*Gelato = very good*Service = very attentive and nice*Price = average
5	Love this place. We use to go to a nearby ice cream joint, but now this is the place to be. My daughter and I stop by to bring home gelato for my wife all of the time. They have some cool obscure flavors like chocolate chili (love it!) or sesame ginger (you gotta try it, but it's ok to not buy). Enjoyed this all of the time.
4	We went there on a hot Tuesday afternoon. It turns out that they are in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket and since I go to Lee Lees a lot, we decided to swing by Gelato 64 as well. The cashier came out from the kitchen/prep area to help us. They have a bunch of sorbets, and of course gelato. I tried the Chocolate Turtle and the Ferrero Rocher flavors. I was not disappointed. But, there was something missing. The gelato wasn't out of this world or anything and they sure could do more in regards to making their desserts more appealing visually. It looked like that effort was put in making the actual product but not in the presentation. I am not going to be craaaving to go back or anything. In my opinion, none of the gelato shops in Phoenix compare to Frost in Tucson. Sigh... Now, I would actually drive down to Tucson from Phx for some Frost gelato. Yumm..
4	My cousin's backyard wedding was fabulous. Gorgeous huge home, park like yard, and a freezer full of this stuff! Gelato instead of a wedding cake was such a smart idea on such a pleasant spring evening. The flavor selection was wonderful, and each flavor was rich, creamy, and exactly what you'd expect from a gelato. The servers were friendly and helpful, able to cram three flavors into a cup without muddying up any of them. Mmmmm. If i were in the area, I'd hire them to cater at my wedding, too.
4	Shh! Don't tell my family , I had a Gelato last night ...they don't know.  I have been extremely "good" with my eating lately, but last night I had time to kill while waiting for  my kids at their Prom  and looky what I stumbled across  after I GPSed it and  ..a Gelato  place..hmm  . Well i have always wanted to try it .. Now I can't claim to be a Gelato Connoisseur  but I wasn't overly impressed with   the Gelato . I had Peanut Butter Cheescake which was tasty but did not  move the earth for me.  I also had Chocolate Cake Batter as well which was mildly chocolate like a melted shake with more of a milk flavor than rich flavor. Service was great , nice people , clean and neat. If I lived in the area I could see this being a place we stop, after movies. Now would I go again,  oh sure, specially if you're buying . But would I drive out of my way ?Probably not.  Would I say you have to try it , nope.
3	Good flavors! but there is something missing...something I can't define. But it is a good taste still and good price.
4	I ate so many samples, I downsized my order! Some selections are a little too sweet for me, but others--giarduia, vanilla, pistachio, that dark chocolate stuff--are really good! We rode our bikes there at night. Made up for the calories. You've gotta have a little wholesome, yummy sweetness in life now and then. OK, it's not Anderson's Frozen Custard, but it's fine for Chandler.
4	My blood sugar goes up just from walking into this place!  I'm really more of a frozen custard kind of guy but this place is good, real good.  They have a lot of interesting flavors, like chocolate chili...  it starts off as a rich, creamy chocolate with a nice bite at the end.  I've had the vanilla bean, some peanut butter chocolate, a banana... I just keep asking for samples, and they just keep them coming.  2 thumbs up for Gelato 64!
5	I am going to go ahead and say this is really wonderful.. Okay I am usually quicker than this but just realized on my second visit that Gelato 64  has  guess what 64 flavors...duh.... Love the Pepermint Mocha very tasty..the nieve adored her mocha   and my  youngest  said peanut butter was very yummy.  They always run a neat and clean place  and were open on Labor Day!
4	The words "HELL YES!" don't even begin to cover how awesome this place is.  There are so many crazy flavors here that my limited pronunciation abilities forced me to resort to pointing at the amazing flavors I wanted to order!  I would tell you exactly what I ordered but I honestly couldn't say or spell them so I will try to get as close as possible..... "stra-cha-cha and marzi-pah."  Yeah, good luck!
3	I went to Gelato 64 because I was looking for a place to go for dessert after a charity event in Gilbert, and this place was the only gelato shop nearby that was open until 11pm on a Friday.  The people working here were cool and let my friends and I sample as many flavors as we wanted (and there were a lot) before we made our decisions.  The gelato selections are great and varied with flavors like mascarpone, peanut butter, coconut, and some tropical mix of guava, mango, and papaya, I think.  I ended up getting the blueberry, and it was really good!  I can't say that Gelato 64 was AWESOME, but I can't say that it sucked, either.  It's just your standard gelato shop (with maybe more flavors) that does the job of satisfying your craving.  The prices are fine, parking is not a problem, and the people working there are your standard employees who are just working to work and not really cuz they have a passion for gelato.  So...overall, I may or may not go back at some point in the future, but it's not like I'm rushing to get back there.  I'm also not crossing it off my list of places to boycott.  Gelato 64 is just fine.  PS: When I went, the smell of Lysol or whatever cleaning product they were using was really overwhelming, and my friends and I couldn't wait to pay and get outside, but I'm not really counting that as a negative per se.  At least I know that they're cleaning.  Just wanted to give you all a heads up.
2	Honestly this place was not that good. They had lots of flavors but many tasted way fake. The pistachio was just awful! Like a box of Jello pudding! The texture of the gelato was off for me, it was almost too creamy, like eating marshmallow fluff or something. Reminded me of Cold Stone's crappy powdered mix.Go elsewhere -_-
5	This place is awesome. I recently hired them for a private party, and it really did steal the show, I got to choose my fave flavors and they came in with a refridgerated cart, and served my guests. It was really cool! Try the pumpkin pie flavor and lemon basil. I love this place, you must use them for your next party!!!
5	I have to disagree with Cori W.  I've been going there since they opened.  I travel all the way from central Phoenix for their gelato.  It is delicious--the flavors are unique and always deliver.  I'd definitely recommend!!
4	I love this place.. it has so many flavors and a nice seating chairs.We go there sometimes to treat us gelato after hiking... great place for a cheap date. Sometimes they send you in email coupons to get buy 1 , get another one for 50% off.
4	I like going here for that special treat for my family and I. It's convenient, nice selection, average priced. Not awesome nor horrible. If you are in the neighborhood and want Gelato, go here.
2	This was my first and last time here. I got the Vanilla Bourbon gelato. It was overpriced, and old. It was not creamy, but had started to turn icy. I will go to Enzo's or Angel Sweet instead. (Enzo's has awesome cannoli's)
4	They have great flavors. Anything with hazelnut is really good. With a small size you get to choose two flavors. A lot of non dairy options too.
4	Gelato 64 has one of the biggest selection of flavors that I've seen anywhere in the valley.  I go here especially for some of the weird combinations I don't see elsewhere.  As for price, I'd say it was slightly above average but not much, and they send out coupons frequently that make up for the increase.  The quality is pretty good, I've never had an icey chunk and the portions are just right.
5	They have 64 flavors and a lot of the flavors rotate out.  I had the blood orange flavor and boy I missed blood oranges.  They have the classic flavors like the straciatella, but then they break out into other flavors you don't really come across too often like the black sesame, red bean, and lychee.  They even have a Ferrero Rocher flavor.  If you have a palette for something sweet or something with more substance, you're able to find what you're looking for here.Gelato 64 come to Chicago!
5	The variety of gelato and sorbetto flavors here is amazing! I love the blueberry, mango, strawberry, and strawberry lemonade sorbettos. Yum! Gianduia is one of my favorite gelato flavors there. If you love Nutella like I do, that is for you. They have interesting flavors too like black sesame and taro. The taro is actually really good if you like taro.
4	This is a great spot for a sweet, creamy treat.  It's clean and modern looking and there are lots of flavors, 64 to be excat.  If you don't find something you like here then maybe you don't like gelato.  I had the Strawberry Cheesecake and it was just the right amount of sweet and creamy.  Little chunks of graham cracker and strawberry swirl made it so yummy.  My daughter had Bubble Gum.....not my personal favorite but she loved it.  There is only one small complaint I had.  They have a flat screen TV up on the wall.  They young girls behind the counter had no clue what was on the TV.  It may have been Family Guy or some other adult themed cartoon but I was watching the close caption and it was totally inappropriate for children.  I went over to tell them and they did not hesitate to change the channel.  They apologized so I can forgive that.  The other family that was there was actually watching this with their young (like 4 and 5 yrs olds) children.  As soon as they left I told the girls but I was still suprised that this would even be on.  You really have to watch cartoons these days to make sure they are kid appropriate.
4	We go here whenever we go to Pho Van a couple doors down, and can't resist having a little gelato no matter how full we are after dinner.  They have a zillion (seriously, no fewer than a zillion) flavors to choose from including dairy based gelato as well as fruit based sorbets.  I've sampled a few different flavors (both gelato and sorbet) and they're ALL delicious!  It's a little pricey ($3+ for a small - and considering I'm used to going to the self serve places where I can get little bit of this and a little bit of that for like $1.50, $3+ seems like a lot) however the small is more-than-enough since it's so rich - wish they had a kid's size in fact.  Will continue to come here and try new flavors.  If you're in the area - it's a must try.
4	Whenever I visit LeeLee's market, I always visit this place.  It isn't really cheap if you consider how much you get and how much you have to pay.  It's about the price of Baskin Robins/Cold Stone.However, the selection of flavors is absolutely awesome and there are certain flavors that are rotated through and the atmosphere is very quiet, cool and perfect for small gatherings with friends.Flavors I've tried:-manga-chocolate-taro-rose (I'm not a big fan)-double chocolate-pistachio-orange-mandarin-lemon-lime
3	Great Gelato.  Pricey!
5	Only have been here once but they have so many choices!! The ferrero rocher was to die for! Tasted exactly like the chocolates! I will def be back soon!
5	I've been here a coupla times-and they have a-MAZING gelato!! Obviously, as the name implies, there are 64 different flavors to choose from, which they switch out. There are 3 different sizes- small, med (which you can mix up to 2 flavors) and large (can mix 3)-and at about $16 for 4 of us, it adds up, but its oh so worth it!We tried chocolate & banana (it's considered one flavor) and the banana flavoring was spot on-not like some places where it tastes like imitation!Strawberry cheesecake-it actually had the graham cracker crumbles in it, and swirls of strawberry,  yummy!grasshopper (I didn't actually try this one-I'm not a fan of mint & chocolate, but according to a 6yr old, it was delicious)vanilla/mud pie- (two different flavors) the vanilla actually tasted like vanilla bean  (I didn't try the mud pie but it's basically coffee and chocolate)they have some interesting flavors too like chocolate chili which is literally chocolate with red chili-it's absolutely disgusting because just as you're enjoying the chocolate flavor, you get a kick in the tastebuds with the spicy chili- they claim people get it though!! We can't wait until the next time we come back-there's so many yummy sounding choices to choose from!! Oh, I sampled the seasonal pumpkin one and it tasted JUST like pumpkin pie!! =)
5	Went here for the first time today after seeing reviews. Wow!I walked in with a fruit flavor in mind, something refreshing, but then my eyes landed on the White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake flavor and there was no turning back. Being uninspired I couldn't think of a second flavor to mix it with so I only got one. When I first saw the small size it looked miniscule but I'm glad I stuck with it because they really pack it in there and it was plenty!At about $3.15 for the small it is reasonably priced and I can't wait to go back and try more flavors!
3	This surely isn't artisan gelato, but it's tasty and the price is fair.  You can get a large cup with three flavors for under $5, which is pretty reasonable.  Their selection sets them apart.  They have some really interesting flavors, and change up the rotation often.  For those who have only experienced gelato at places such at this, I only wish you could have tried Arlecchino Gelateria before it closed down.  That was the real deal.
4	Love it! I have been obsessed with Gelato ever since traveling in Italy. I have tried Gelato just about everywhere I go... Phoenix, Las Vegas, New York, London, Barcelona (you get the picture). My favorite Gelato spot is Gelato 64 because there is such a variety of flavors. There are about half a dozen different chocolate gelato flavors alone. There is something for everyone here. My husband always gets the strawberry cheesecake while I enjoy trying something new each time. The coconut grove flavor is one of the best. It is a rich chocolate coconut bit of heaven! Yum!
3	I went to this place towards the evening.  I ordered a pint of Tiramisu & Mud Pie Flavor, was disappointed I was not able to try two other flavors, ran out.  The young lady was not very helpful or polite.  Now my Tiramisu flavor was a nice smooth flavor.  My Mud Pie Flavor was not very close to Mud Pie more of a Chocolate flavor but still good.  It was good but not worth coming back for.  Your generic gelato.
5	Had the most amazing death by chocolate gelato here the other day. A must visit place for Gelato enthusiasts
1	So I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a long time and while I waited, my rating of this place has gone down to 1-star from a former would-be 5-star. So this is a final review, as I won't be coming back again.THE FOODThis being a gelato place, the criteria are simple: good choice of flavors and have gelato taste like gelato. I've been coming to this place for about 3 years and the variety has been dwindling overtime, taking a major hit in the past 6 months. There are now a good third less choices than there were initially. The fruit/berry flavors took the main hit and there are now very few pure flavors left, the rest are some sort of "mixes". The pear flavor I loved is long gone. One of the formerly gelato displays now houses ice cream cakes. I imagine they have a good profit margin, but may be the place should rename itself into Gelato-ish 32.Fine, selection has to cater to the customer base and there's little that can be done about poor and unimaginative tasting pallet of other regulars. But that's not an excuse for having stale waffle cones that lack any sort of crunchiness. My last waffle cone actually required some deliberate chewing and had the distinct left-too-long-in-the-back-of-the-cupboard aftertaste.As for the gelato itself, I could, of course, point to my street cred of having eaten gelato in Italy and it being much better, but there's no need for that. I've eaten much better gelato at this store not all that long ago. This appears to be nothing more than glorified, sometimes freezer burned, ice cream.Another thing that detracts from the gelato is the large amount of drying/dying fruits and berries put on top of each of the flavors for "display" purposes. Not appetizing in anyway whatsoever.SETTINGNothing has changed in this regard, thankfully. The place is easy to get to and you have a choice of sitting inside or out. The displays are conveniently placed and moving around is not a problem. Bathrooms are clean.SERVICEAnother area where this store has gone downhill. Getting a sample now is like watching nano-technological exhibition where the server-bot takes off the tiniest sliver of gelato possible so you have a chance at (maybe) figuring out its taste. The scooping is inconsistent as well, which is pretty impressive considering that ice cream scoops by nature are a consistent measuring tool .OTHERThe frequent "eater" cards have disappeared with the new owners, so there is one less reason to come back here. They do seem to have Wifi now, which should help you log online and find a different gelato place to go to.
4	This is not anywhere close to authentic Italian gelato by any means, but for the price and the flavor of the gelato offered here, over the summer we pretty much made this place a regular stop after dinner. Apparently there used to be 64 flavors out at one time, but now there are somewhere in the 30's area and a case for cakes. Frankly, I don't care that there aren't 64 flavors to choose from at one time. That would be overwhelming. There are generally enough choices to keep everyone happy.Flavor wise, the fruit flavors leave a lot to be desired. They are more icy than ice-creamy. So I don't tend to get those much. The pistachio and chocolate amaretto are my two favorite flavors though. I go back to them the most. I have also enjoyed butterfinger, just because I love butterfingers. Most of the other flavors are good as well.For the sizes available the price for gelato here is also a good deal. We get smalls for $3.15 each. One of the cheaper prices we have seen among all gelato shops. And you can mix flavors in your cups. Two flavors in small and medium, and up to three flavors in the large size. We have had to stop coming in though just because we both gained some weight over the summer and we are both on a health kick, trying to lose the pounds. But I would come back here again eventually.
4	This place is great. Unique flavors, TV, and it keeps the kids happy. Only hitch? Their free WiFi wouldn't let me get on yelp. Had to use 3g.
4	Good stuff.  The flavors are rich and tasty.  Not Italian gelato, but still an authentic, delicious gelato treat!They upgraded the tables and chairs inside the store. Yay!One qualm I have with this place - We were the last customers one night and we were asked to leave so that they could clean up.  We were more than happy to oblige because it was closing time.  When I went outside I dropped my spoon and knocked on the door and the windows to ask for another one and the staff just pretended like they couldn't hear me and wouldn't look toward me even though all the outside walls are windows.  I like to believe this was just an off night and/or the staff had good reason to want to leave as soon as they could.  Good thing I had friends that were finished with their spoons.
5	Great icecreams for a great price. I did not find any better gelato place in the valley better than this. I highly recommend this icecream.
5	WOWOWOWOWOWOW.So, driving by Gelato 64 for years because it is right next to Lee Lee's, I decided it would be in my best interests to try it out. If I didn't, my asian citizenship might have been taken away.There are now only 2 places that come to my mind when I want gelato. Angel Sweets and Gelato 64. By far, these are the two best places for gelato. There isn't even a contest.The strawberry cheesecake had an amazing texture that was somehow gelato and still had remnants of cheesecake. It was a perfectly well done recipe with the perfect amount of sweetness and just a hint of tartness from the strawberries.Double fudge chocolate brownie was also mind bogglingly delicious. Again, the texture was perfected to give your mouth an explosion that would rival the creation of the universe. The brownie 'chunks' were sized perfectly and it made every small bite a pleasure to have. I can't recommend this place enough. I usually hate to drive to Lee Lee's because of the darn fish smell, but I will be more than happy to drop my mom off to do her shopping while I enjoy a soothing sample of Arizona's finest gelato.
4	This wasn't the very best gelato I've had, but the sheer volume of flavors make this place a fun experience.  Without actually counting them, it looked like they had forty-odd flavors of gelato available that day.  (If it's 64 and hence the name... well, then, I'm an idiot as usual.)I was there about 9pm on a Friday night, and the staff could not have been nicer.  Before deciding, I tasted several flavors and they heaped several more upon me.  "If you like that, then you'll like this..."  I must have collected almost ten of those multi-color mini gelato putty knives that they use as tasting utensils.  I finally chose two flavors:  the peanut butter oreo and the mud pie.  The peanut butter oreo had a rich peanut buttery taste and a smooth, creamy texture.  It was outstanding.  The mud pie was a combination of a few different flavors.  It was a little firmer and left the after taste of bad coffee.  The staff noticed I was sharing my gelato with my wife and gave me two of their sugar cone wedges that they jam into every cup.I'm looking forward to going back and ordering two more flavors from their giant selection.
5	Guava is my favorite but they only have it once a year, get you hooked and then take it away...Birthday cake is strangely addictingPistachio is buttery goodnessFerrero Rocher is my current addictionMy husband loves salted Carmel and tiramusu They will let you taste as many flavors as you'd like so you can't go wrong. The kids working there are very nice. Prices run between 5.00-15.00.
4	Stopped by after lunch with my buddy.. the place was empty except for us and the guy behind the counter was very helpful, friendly, and patient with our NUMEROUS tastings.. and he did it with a smile :)TONS of flavors.. too many to list, but I liked the 'death by chocolate' (at least that's what they should call it!) and so many others I can't remember.. what's there NOT to like about Gelato??  4ish dollars for a small .. you can add 2 flavors to the small... there ya go!I'd come again :)
3	Nice location inside Lee Lee Supermarket's parking lot.  Came here after eating at Pho Van.  Not very much business and very clean looking.  Seating both inside and out.  Lots of flavors to choose from sort of separated by type... the fruity and the less fruity chocolatey stuff.  Decided on getting their smallest gelato cup (still pretty big, they fill it up!) and got 2 flavors.. my ultimate favorite flavor strawberry cheesecake and ferrero rocher since I like ferrero rochers!  Must be good.  Both the flavors were good, just not super spectacular.  The strawberry cheesecake was the more so the graham-y infused style which was alright.  The ferrero rocher wasn't that rocher-y, but  still alright.  Overall, the gelato was alright.  Nothing super wow-y about the gelato in my opinion.  But, the service was nice as they let us browse the flavors for a bit before finally deciding on what we wanted and also offered us samples for anything we wanted to taste.  Also, it was clean!
5	Yummy!The vibe of this place is cool and modern.  There are two coolers of gelato, so a nice variety of flavors.  I got a small cup with one flavor (you may get two flavors in a small) and it was the perfect portion.  I wouldn't say it was as good as gelato in Italy, but I'm eager to go back to try more flavors.
5	I'm a fan.  Saw this place after eating at the restaurant next door.  We took some samples but we were stuffed and promised ourselves to come back.Glad we did.  Everything tastes the way it says.  Double Chocolate Brownie?  It tastes like chocolate with brownie, not overpowering and those little chunks are yummy.  Strawberry Cheesecake?  Tastes like cheesecake ice cream with swirls of graham cracker crust and chunks of strawberries, again so yummy.  Mango Orange? Coconut? Key Lime Pie?  it goes on an onThe possiblities are endless and although it seems like a small cup it's the perfect portion size.  The price is reasonable for the quality and the service.We keep coming back and experimenting with mixing the flavors!  A must try.
2	Good but not great. A bit icy. I like a creamier version.
5	This place is really close to my boyfriend's house so we decided to stop here one night to satisfy our sweet tooth cravings. We were the only customers inside at the time but was impressed with how many choices they have as well as their beverage selection. We had a few samples, all fantastic! I honestly can't remember what I ordered but remember it being delicious! They have a lot of sorbets and fruit flavors too if that's more your style. Girls behind the counter were helpful and gave suggestions for flavor combinations. Oh and the place smells wonderful!! The waffle cone pieces they give you in your gelato are good too!Will come back!!
3	Gelato 64 is okay but nothing really to rave about.  I had the smallest cup with two flavors, key lime pie and berried mango.  The portion size was quite good for a small and they densely packed the gelato into the cup.  The texture of the gelato kind of reminded me of regular store bought ice cream, meaning that the gelato here was less rich and less creamy compared to gelato that I've had at other places.  Of the two flavors that I had, I liked the key lime pie better.  It had a slight bitter taste, which suggests to me that real lime juice was used to make the gelato.  The berried mango was okay, but I was expecting it to pack a little more punch.There were two workers behind the counter when we came in and both were very patient and friendly as we selected our flavors.  The shop is located in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket which also houses a Vietnamese restaurant and a Chinese restaurant, so Gelato 64 is a convenient place to drop in for dessert after dining at one of those restaurants.
5	I'm really not a huge ice cream or gelato fan but I've been going here more consistently than anywhere else. They've got a large selection of delicious and creative flavors with generous serving sizes to choose from. My favorites include anything with cookies, candy or cookie dough while the fruity varieties are surprisingly tasty every time. The staff is super friendly and never skimp on the samples!
5	Excellent! This was my first taste of Gelato and now an absolute favorite.  Strawberry Cheesecake and Cookies and Cream are two of my favorites.
4	Good geleto with a large selection of flavors. The lemon is tangy, just the way I like it!
5	stracciatella and ferrero rocher. happiness.
4	Saturday night we finally got a chance to try Gelato 64. We have been meaning to come here for weeks but it never worked out. The place was very clean and the staff was friendly enough. We both ordered their smallest size which was plenty. He got some pistachio and volcano and I opted for the banana and tiramisu; both came with these cute little waffer cookies. We both loved our gelatos. They were really very good! A bit pricey for sure though. For the nearly $8.00 we spent we could have gone to the grocery store and purchased 3 half gallons of ice cream, and I know, I know I'm paying for the fact that its gelato but price is one reason why I'm not fond of "ice cream" type shops. It's just kind of ridiculous how much they charge. I was surprised that they only had roughly 30 flavors to choose from since the name indicates there would be over double that amount. One of the freezer cases was completely empty and the other two were only about half full. As we were eating our gelatos everyone was asked to leave because they were closing in a few minutes. I thought they still had another hour but I guess not. We'd definitely be back because it was really good, but not on a regular basis. Regardless of how delicious the gelatos are, to us, it's not worth spending so much money on such a small amount.
5	**EDIT: UMMMM apparently they were only closed for a week?!?! SOOOOOOO glad this is back! :)**Gelato 64 closed up in January or February. Sad day in Chandler, but my jeans are likely thanking me! Know there's a Gilbert location, and a little bird told me they'll be opening up shop on Arizona Avenue. Hope that's true! Always creative flavors, everything from the fruity to the chocolatey decadent flavors. Yeah, whose idea was it to make a BLACKBERRY MERLOT Gelato?! So good. This wino appreciates it :) Death by Chocolate is something else. And let's not forget all those holiday flavors like Pumpkin Pie, Peppermint Stick, etc.Staff was always very friendly; happy to make suggestions and more than willing to hook you up with samples.
4	I like gelato, a lot. I liked it before most Americans had even heard of it. This place was good. Loved it even though they had just recently had one of their freezers break.
5	We first found this place when I moved to Chandler last year sometime in August looking for something cold and tasty to eat after dinner. Found Gelato 64 by mistake here on yelp while looking for a different Gelato place and decided to give it a try. Was hooked after the first visit. Good prices with lots of choices to sample from. Their seasonal fare is always delicious! How could one turn down pumpkin pie or peppermint flavor during the holidays? At one point Gelato 64 runs was almost a Friday night routine for us.Then in January this year we got word that they had closed their location to move to Gilbert Gateway Town Center. Not knowing they were only closed for a week, I had to endure my girl's withdraws for five months, being asked to drive all the way out to Gilbert for Gelato just so she could have it. Freaking addict... Needless to say when she found out the Chandler location was open still, we had to come back to get our fix.Not much had changed in our absence thankfully. All the usual flavors were still there and some new summer treats. Had to try out the coconut cream last time with Stracciatella (one of my favorites). If you love coconut it's a definite win since it's got lots of shredded coconut throughout. Always a fun experience trying out the flavors so will definitely be coming back when we can.
5	Yum! We were married on July 6, 2013, and Gelato 64 provided a gelato bar during our reception. It was a hit! Our guests loved that they could go up and select their flavors of gelato. The gelato was delicious and the service was great! We recommend Gelato 64 for all of your gelato needs!
4	Do you like Gelato?Go here.I am a big fan of fruity gelato and this place has so many! I got to try a variety of things. I ended up liking the grasshopper, but I bought some grapefruit(What kind of arizonan am I?)It was bomb diggity reminded me as a kid picking a grapefruit off a tree and putting a little sugar on top.The boo got ferrer roche. He loved it, said it was a little too peanut buttery.  It would be 4.5 but  I can't do that. The cashier wasn't very chatty, helpful but offered no real suggestions. I would go again no doubt!
4	Amazing gelato with so many choices. Great service, very friendly.
4	I love this place!  Lots of awesome flavors and really great service!
4	My favorite gelato spot! I haven't been by since they first opened up and what a treat!  I met up earlier with my old middle school friend here earlier and I noticed a few good changes!  They seemed to have removed one whole freezer's worth of gelato and the furniture went from modern and chic to old school wooden.  The theme inside is still vibrant orange and blue so I feel like the furniture no longer matches but oh well.  After trying a few good flavors, it seems the recipe hasn't changed much.  I am a bit sadden to see my favorite chocolate chili gone though.  So instead I got the salted caramel chew and it was delicious.  I'll definitely be back soon!
5	I have been to gelato places all over the valley and this place, by far, is THE BEST. The gelato is creamy not icy! They are true to flavors, the peanut butter taste like creamy peanut butter! They got it down! There is a lot of flavors to choose from and you can sample them too. It is also clean. I will be back, YUM.
4	More flavor choices than we need, but sure like having them! Clean, cool, great staff, high quality product. Love it!
2	I want to like this place, and the gelato is delicious, but the customer service was awful. For one, the hours on yelp are not correct- they close at 10, not 11. We went in at about 9:15, and by 9:30 they started closing, even though their hours said till 10. It didn't really bother me until they locked one of the doors, put the "Closed" sign up, and then started to mop the floor around us with a mixture that smelled very strongly like bleach. Not exactly what you want to be sniffing as you eat gelato. The smell of bleach was so strong, we ended up taking the gelato to go. I get that it was towards the end of the night, but it is really rude and bad customer service to start shutting down half an hour before closing while there are customers in the store. The gelato was pretty good, but for $4 for the smallest size, I expect better customer service.
4	Wide selection of flavors to choose from, in creamy, chocolatey, and fruity forms. I had the small size which allows you to pick up to 2 flavors. I chose the creamsicle and the pistachio. The creamsicle tasted a little grainy, and had more "creamy" flavor and not enough "orange" flavor. The pistachio was quite tasty. It was rich, packed with pistachio nutty flavor, with a smooth texture.Service was good and the cashier happily let us try multiple flavors before deciding on our desserts. My small cup was a little less than $4. Overall, a good place to satisfy your sweet tooth if you're in the area.
5	I wanted to find a new place with something cool and yummy to meet up with friends.  I went off of the reviews here on Yelp and was not disappointed.  They had many different types of flavors to chose from and everyone was happy with their picks!  We all got the smallest cup and we each got two scoops in them. I had the Snickers and the Tiramisu. It was delicious!  My friend got the Ferrero Roche and Grasshopper.  The other flavors our group got and loved were Pistachio, Mango,  and Grapefruit!  The place was clean and the staff was friendly. I will definitely be going back to try other flavors!
4	Came here for the first time with my best friend to treat ourselves to some gelato. There were a ton of flavors and everything looked really delicious. There's not too much to say about this place other than it was really good. The girl working behind the counter was really nice and personable. I'll definitely be back for some more!
4	love this place!!! the gelato flavors are amazing, by far the best gelato place in AZ
5	When I first walked in, I was overwhelmed by the amount of flavors available. Anything you could imagine, they had flavorized. For example, for one of my options I chose "sunshine." Seriously? Sunshine? Now that's a lot for a flavor to live up to. Luckily, it was one of my favorites tastes (naturally, since there were so many options, I got like 10 tastes of different flavors). Even though I'm not much of a sweets person (gasp!), I cannot wait to return to enjoy another 10 tastes in addition to a small cup of delectable gelato!
2	Save yourself the time and energy and just go a few miles down the road to Frost.PROS:  It was clean, cool architecture and lights, and had an impressive number of flavors. I wanted to like it because it is closer to me than Frost, but...CONS:  There is no organization to serving the customer. Frost and ColdStone, for example, have this down. There is a visible line and they serve people in order by their group and you can sample as many flavors as you like. My husband couldn't get a sample to save his life...so he choose not to order because he abhors bad customer service. Our sample sizes were very small compared to other places we have been. Literally one I couldn't really get a feel for the flavor...such as life, so I passed on it.When I asked for some of the nuts on top of the gelato (which is something that is happily responded to at Frost) I was told....well they are already in the gelato. Which was basically a NO, and she intentionally made no effort to add them. Our two gelato flavors were far from evenly portioned in our small cheap, styrofoam cups (mine and my daughter's since hubby had been ignored). I realize these were young, probably high school age girls, but it's no excuse, as plenty of other establishments have the same hiring pool and do a far better job with training and expectations.  Most important is the Flavor and Texture. While sampling, I will say the flavors were really interesting....at least the couple I could get and actually taste....the horchata had a light rice milk drink taste with a hint of cinnamon and the chocolate chili certainly had a kick at the end. However, once I made my selections of rocky road and horchata and sat down to eat them, the waffle wedge was bendable and almost soggy (Ewww) and the gelato was mediocre. The texture felt a lot more like ice cream...which is churned faster and has more air in it. While gelato has less fat than ice cream, you never notice it because it is dense and creamier (because it has so much less air). Not so much at Gelato 64. If you know what gelato is supposed to taste like, you will know this is NOT it. Do yourself a favor and go to Frost. You may have to wait in a longer line...but there is a reason...their product and service are so superior. And no I don't work there, know anyone who works there or have any financial relationship with Frost. It's just stinkin awesome and I'm sad I wasted my Friday night dessert at this place.
1	Don't waste your time or money here. Service sucks I felt it was a burden for them to take our money. Go to Frost at SanTan you can thank me later. If you like vanilla gelato with other things in it to make it taste like whatever the flavor is this is your place. Enjoy. Gave them one star because I can't figure out how to post with no stars. So it should be zero stars.
5	I love this place!  I go at least once every week or so because the Serious Chocolate and Sunshine flavors are fabulous.  The criticisms about the lack of service (sometimes) are legitimate, but that is more of a function of the person behind the counter.  I've had excellent service from several staff members as well as lousy service.  I keep coming back because the gelatos and sorbets are so delicious and refreshing.  They have an impressive array of flavors.  The cost is a little on the pricey side, if you get a pint it costs twice as much as a similar size of gelato found in a local supermarket.  However, this stuff tastes sooooo much better.
5	My wife and I have been coming to Gelato 64 for years. We have always been blown away with the stellar selection of favors and we love the modern look to the place. If you are a fan of unique fruit flavors like I am you will love it. I always get flavors like Pear, Kiwi, Apple, Guava or Passion Fruit. My wife likes more traditional flavors like chocolate and strawberry. There is a flavor for everyone! The service is always outstanding and they never seem to get annoyed by customers asking to sample lots of flavors. The prices are a little high in my opinion, but it's a small price to pay for our favorite dessert destination. We tried Frost and hated it... It didn't have any of the unique fruit flavors that this place has. Don't believe all the hype about Frost, it sucks. Gelato 64 has amazing flavors and great service!!! We can't say enough great things about this place!!!
3	This place makes delicious gelato and also offers a selection of hot coffee drinks. It is worth a visit if you are nearby regardless of the weather. It is probably not the best gelato I have had but there really isn't any other option nearby after Angel Sweet / The Gelato Spot closed. They have a huge selection of gelato flavors and some of them are quite unique. Try the chocolate chili and it will change your life.
4	Tried this place for the first time and I thought it was great! They have a good variation of  flavors and are open late.
4	Absolutely love their Death by Chocolate flavor.
3	Kind of hidden away in a random shopping center full of Vietnamese markets and shops, but when you're craving sorbet sometimes you go to the ends of the earth to pursue it. Basically a normal ice cream shop setup here, nothing more and nothing less. Still on a quiet night, it got the job done and was quality stuff. If you're seeking out gelato and want lots of options and happen to be in the area, it's not a bad spot.
4	Went to Gelato 64 today with my wife.  My wife got a cup of Wildberry.  I got a cup of German Chocolate Cake.  The gelato was very good.  I wish them well.  It was; however, kind of disappointing that they did not have Pistachio today (12/20/2014) :-)!!!  Pistachio happens to be my favorite flavor for gelato or ice cream.  This is the reason for 4 stars and not 5 stars.    The gelato that I did eat at Gelato 64 was very similar to what I ate in Firenze (Italy).  I had been to Italy twice on business.  My advice would be to make yourself more visible for obtaining more business.  You are in a shopping strip, and are dwarfed by the several Asian oriented businesses.  You need to make yourself more visible.  You do make a good product.  You just need to learn to market yourself and service.
