4	This car wash is close to my work. I like it because they have a convenient waiting area. It's perfect during hot Las Vegas Summer. They have television, food section and ample seating. The gas section has a service personnel who will put gas on your car.
1	Sloppy service yesterday, real sloppy.
2	Make sure you go 1st thing in the morning, before they get busy or your car will sit and water spot before the attendants get to wiping it down. I have had to have my Hummer rewashed several times because of water spotting due to sitting in the heat waiting for available attendants to get to wiping the vehicle down. Today I went to get in the vehicle after being called that they were finished cleaning. I found the carpet still dirty and looked as though it had not been vacuumed. There was still water on several places of the vehicle Then I proceeded to get gas for the vehicle. Fab Freddy boasts that they will fill the tank. I am disabled with a visible placard. That in itself warrants gas service. But the girls that pump the gas were too busy discussing their weekend to even look my way or ask if I need help or do what they are paid to do. PUMP GAS.
1	I've been going to this car wash for many years. The work has really gone downhill.In order for you to get a good wash you really need to opt for the $35+ washes. Otherwise they might forget to vacuum your car!
2	Washed my gf car while waiting for her at the dentist, besides the fact that it rained right after the only good thing about this place was the discounted gas, the car wash was mediocre at best, I would not recomend it to anyone, better of doing it at a gas station for 7 dollars ur self, paid 24.99, and tipped 5 dollars, and got my car back with dirt all over the ground in the car, and the glasses cleaned half ass, rims with dirt, I get a 10 times better wash at half the price in cali! dont wate your money! go somewhere else or get the cheapest wash...
3	Great place to get some gas if you are in the Summerlin area. Prices are descent. Service is pretty good. (they'll even pump your gas for you too)No complaints on my end..
4	Checking in with Yelp saved me $5!! Fast service at lunch time, car was spic and span. I will be back.
5	They did an awesome job on my car, inside and out for $40.
3	I have been trying out this car wash for the past few months, and so far it has been a hit or miss. The employees usually try to get you to buy a detail service, which can run anywhere from $40 - $100+. I always decline nicely, and I appreciate that they don't try to push it. I usually go with the VIP wash for $19.99, which is the cheapest inside/outside wash they have. First, they vacuum your car. Then it goes through the machine. Lastly, a bunch of employees wipe down your car. It usually takes about 20 minutes. Sometimes they really are "fabulous" and do a great job - no spots, everything is completely clean, and I can drive away happy. Other times, they get lazy and I notice spots that were not wiped down here and there. One time they forgot to clean the roof of my car. Unfortunately, I didn't notice that until I got home. :(I believe they do have a 48 hour rain guarantee on some of their washes. The gas station and convenience store is also a big plus. This location is convenient for me, so I'm sure I'll be back again. But I'm still hoping to find a car wash in the area that will do a better job.
3	It not often where someone will offer to pump your gas for you. Friendly people
1	Had a wash on the 18th where they punctured the tire on my Lexus. 10 days and still waiting for a check from corporate as they can reimburse from the store. Not good enough and will not go back.
1	Went her on 4/21 paid $20.00 for a awful car wash when the guy drying my car held up his rag we walked ove open the door and the door jams were still filth , dash was still dusty when the mgr walked ove and I should him he says we only clean that stuff with a detail needless to say he did end up doing mine I'll never return here !!!!
2	Have never been here before and I more than likely will not return.  I paid $34.99 plus tip for a car wash.  You don't get what you pay for.  I hoped that my rearview mirror would be cleaned, that my back seat would be vacuumed properly and that my rims would not be dirty.  Guess not.  Rims look like they did when I arrived.  And that armorall stuff they put all over my car is not great.  You have to wipe down the dust first before you polish something.  I have shiny dirt in my car.  Awesome.  Guys were too busy standing around talking.  I felt ripped off a little and I might as well have washed my own car.  Disappointed.  :(
4	Great car wash!  Also if you check into Yelp you receive $3 off!
5	It had been WAY too long since I had my car detailed, so I knew I was going to pay a bit more than I normally do since the carpets and upolstry needed to be shampooed. What I wasn't expecting was a 1 1/2 year old stain to actually come out! OMG I was beyond impressed! The service tech was so humble about it too! I was waiting a bit longer than I expected to and he apologized, but said he wanted it to be perfect! I didn't mind at all, especially for the work and care they put into it. I will never go anywhere else again!
1	NEVER coming here again. Wasted 35 dollars on a really crappy car wash. It was greasy, they missed a lot of obvious spots, Especially the front of my car. Definitely not "full service." They even left their rag on my car after they said its finished. I didn't even get notified after they were supposedly done and on top of that, watched the guys just stand there and hang out. We had to come up to them and ask if the car is finished, Worst experience, if I can give them no stars, I would.
4	They do a great job on my dirty car!
4	Fast service and their coupon system where you buy ten tickets ahead of time gives you 30% discount. I think they do this twice a year. I get the VIP wash and they usually do a great job except for vacuuming my dog's hair out of the carpet but they do get the food off the floor and vacuum underneath the mats. I also like getting a 5cent discount of gas.
1	This Place deserves NO Stars at all. If you want bad service, a mediocre, or horrible car wash, damage to your car, and a long wait... This is the Car Wash for you!I've been to this car wash a handful of times... Each time I remember why I never want to go back!The first time I visited this Fabulous Freddy's, was in 2003 when I had bought a Brand New, Ford Ranger Truck! After a few days of buying it, I decided to have it detailed. At first glance, the truck looked good. I drove off to my sisters store, and when I got back, I noticed soap suds filled half way in the entire bed of the truck. After a long argument with management, they re-washed it for free. The next time I went there, I was driving a Ford Focus. I took it in, to have it detailed. I waited an hour, and watched every Hummer, BMW, Mercedes, and other Higher End cars who came after me, leave before me. I complained to a manager, and he assured me I'd be next. I watched the 3 guys working on cars finish, then one of them pulled in with a Ferrari, all three, started working on it. So I got irate with the manager. He told me, "I can't force them to wash your car." I threw a fit, & got my money back, with 2 free details for the future. I decided to drive home, detail it myself, and ironically never used my free details. Guess I never had 2 spare hours to wait, then go detail my car myself? The last time I went there, was about a month ago. My wife purchased a Groupon for a $20.00 credit, we decided to upgrade it for a better wash, when we got there. They took our car, we went in to pay, only to find out they don't honor Groupon deals on the weekend! So, we paid for the wash. A week later, we noticed our antenna was gone, and there was a scratch, where a tool might have been used, to remove the antennae. They refused to accept blame. We not only had to buy a new antennae, but also have to pay to get the scratch fixed. We've had the car less than a year, and the first time I didn't wash the car myself. I don't really know why they're so busy all the time, but my lowest wait time was, 45 minutes. The problems with this location starts from the management, and their lack of concern for customer satisfaction. All the way down to their lack of self respect for the job they do. I will NEVER return to this Fabulous Freddy's, if I ever return to any location ever again!
1	45 dollars to wash my new car and they did not even get it clean  I have tried them three times now a complete waste of Time  retarded monkeys can wash cars better than them. And now I have a dent on the roof of my show car thanks you dumb asses
1	Why do I keep returning to this awful place?  Convenience, I suppose, but never again.  I received big-time attitude from multiple "fabulous" employees when I pulled up at 7:29 a.m. to get my car washed.  They all said I should just sit tight as the car wash doesn't actually open for 10 more minutes.  What???  I even showed them the time on my phone, to no avail.  To make things even more exciting, none of the "fabulous" employees could get the car wash started.  After waiting and waiting and waiting, I told them I needed to get to work.  So, they thought it wise to spray off just a few parts of my car, leaving it a smeared disaster.  I'm glad I waited a week to post this review, as I have finally simmered down just a tad.
1	Terrible!!! This used to be the best car wash spot on the west side, no longer. Brought my brand new Audi here and what I got back was a greasy mess with a missing windshield wiper. Horrible experience, I will never use this place ever again.
1	Absolutely worst car wash. Didn't even attempt to clean.  Barely wiped down inside. Didn't vacuum.  Waste of money.
1	Never coming back here. $39.95 for a hand car wash. I've seen 5 cars that came after me come through, and a car get waxed still my car hasn't come out. Now I'm off to go find my car. This place sucks.
1	In a few words this place is overpriced, has bad customer service, and a poor quality car wash. The only perk is 20 cents off at the gas pump. I'd rather go to the Terribles up the street; better prices, friendly staff, and they offer the same 20 cent incentive. This was my first and last time coming here. I will not be returning.
1	Wish I could give no stars. Over an hour and still no car. No sorry, no nothing. This is the third time in a row that it has taken an hour plus. Very poor customer service, have a free car wash on my Freddie's card and will be mailing it back to the company in disgust. Time to find a new place.
1	It's always hit or miss with full service car washes and this one was definitely a miss. They didn't wipe anything down inside of the car and the people who did the actual "cleaning" were a little rude. Not to mention this place is pricy compared to other places I've been where they at least attempt to do a good job. Would recommend skipping this one!
1	Awful service!!! Paid $24.99 for detail and when car was called ready, seats were not wiped down, doors still dirty, vacuum job sucked and Windows still dirty!!!! Guys got pissed and walked away when I nicely asked for more cleaning. 1 nice gentlemen helped me but told me "that's the best he can do!!!" Will NEVER go back and will tell every person I know!!!
4	We had a couple of issues with the car when they were first finished with it, however, Charon provided fabulous customer service and took care of everything to our 100% satisfaction.
2	The work was good, the service was awful!My dog had an accident in my car.  (I was bringing him home from the veterinarians.)  I was afraid to clean it up myself and make things worse.So the next day, yesterday,  I went to Fabulous Freddy's and spoke to a girl.  She said that I didn't need an appointment and the interior and exterior-including the mess could be done for 84.99.  Fine.  I go on line and saw the detailing for around 150?  Okay!So I go today.  First guy gets someone else.  She tells me that dog poop is a bio hazard.  She asks a detail guy.  They talk.  Then she comes over to me and tells me it can be done but I would have to leave a tip!  I looked at her and told her that I had worked retail and I always tip.  She looked at me like I was out of my mind and said "You did?".So guy #1 tells me I have a chip in my windshield, we did fix that and my insurance is paying.The car  was fixed beautifully.  Everything looks great!  I ended up tipping the detail guy-guy #2-$10.  He did give $5 to the guy who cleaned the seats.  He did make some comment about not usually cleaning up dog poop.I was willing to pay more but don't tell me I have to tip and don't tell me that dog poop is a bio hazard.  And I always tip!I was recommended this place by an employee at the veterinarian.  When I called my doggy day care place they said that dog poop is not a bio hazard they were shocked and asked if I spoke to a manager.The car really looks good, but...
1	OK so i usually get my car washed for free at the dealer but was short on time and decided to give this place a whirl. The entrance is a bit strange and when you first arrive its not very clear where you need to go to get the ticket written up,anyways found that. I decided on the 19.99 deal and with my 3 dollar yelp discount paid 16.99. first thing you notice is this place appears to have a lot of employees running around,what they are all doing is a mystery to me since the reason I came in was to get my car washed and that was done poorly ,I can only assume they are all running around stocking shelves,I mean this place is almost like a mini market,they are selling way more then just car washes here,which is really detracting from the quality of the wash itself. Part of my 19.99 (16.99) wash was scented air,to my surprise when i went in they handed me a scented tree to hang on my rear view mirror,WTF? this isn't 1982 and I don't drive an old beater,all the car washes i have ever been to that offer this is a package item actually spray the scent in the car,not  give you some cheesy tree to hang in the car,i tossed that shit away. when my car came out it sat out in the hot sun for at least 7-8 minutes,not under the shade which all the other cars were under,i was going to say something and then i noticed the person who was going to do my car,I told him as i usually do to the people who work on my car,I want special attention given to the wheels and tire dressing and pointed out a few trouble areas that I wanted him to address,he said no problem,I gave him the 5 bucks and when i started to drive out they had bent my side view mirrors in and when i popped them back out they were filthy,the windows were filthy the car was horrible,i was in a rush so I didnt have time to have him do it all again,I just will not return. i get better washes when they are free at the dealer. This place needs to focus on what kind of business they want to be and hire people who will reflect that vision,not slackers with no sense or sight. I would never reccomend this place to anyone unless they like to pay to have a half ass job done.
1	I am a almost native Las Vegan, been here for 43 years. I remember Freddies at Maryland pkwy. I use the Ft. Apache summerlin one now. Every year they get worst and charge more. I got a $14.99 wash plus a  $3 dollars tip and they forget to vacuum behind the seats, in between the seats and back cargo area.  What am I supposed to do leave a list. This is buying one of their famous BOOKS, $159.00 or is it $169 a pop. This why there are no jobs, the employer gives the employees minimum wage. No insurance no extra overtime., they are making a killing on these people.  THEY IN TURN DON CARE WHAT KIND OF SERVICE THEY GIVE TO THE CONSUMERS.  Maybe we need a Monarchy again to provide better for the PEOPLE.!!!
4	I went here on a Sunday and it was busy. However they did do a great job on the car wash and they did do it quickly for how busy they were so I would recommend this place
2	Did the Freddy VIP Wash - was OK.  Windows definitely were not clean which irritated me. Smeared inside and out...I still can't get them clean on my own. They didn't even dust the dash or wipe it down -guess that costs extra? After paying $16.99 with a Yelp $3 coupon..disappointed.  Outside looked good - excellent wheel dressing...but that didn't make up for the unclean windows, dash.  Not sure I will go back again for the money - there are much better places for less money.  My 4th time here since living in LV - seems to be getting a bit worse each time.
3	I always stop in at Fabulous Freddy's when I need a Full Service car wash. They clean the car inside and out and they always do a fairly decent job. It's the only place in the neighborhood that offers full service, other than Terrible Herbst. FF does a little better job, so I go here. I think they give you a discount on fuel with a wash too. I always seem to have a full tank when I come here, so I have not used the discount yet.
1	the worst!20 cents off gas for a car wash...they run your card for you and the gimmick doesn't go through, so they run my card two more times and guess what?  It still doesn't work.  Now, my credit card locks me out.Thank you very much.  No support.  Little help.p.s.  they jack with your seat, the radio station has been tampered with and is now blasting rap.  really.  you sat in my car for all of 2 minutes to move it from point A to B.  It's not like you had to drive for a couple of hours. Grow up and don't mess with my settings.  Your job is to wash the dam car not fiddle with the knobs!
1	Paid $30 for exterior & interior wash...left windows smudged/dirty, dust on the dash, console area wasn't even cleaned. I won't be going back...
5	Got my Lexus washed and detailed during my eye Dr. appointment in the same shopping center and they did a Fabulous job. I had a stain on my headliner which  I was afraid I would never be able to get out without causing damage (I think its suede). These guys did a bang up job and I couldn't be happier with my car. It looks brand spankin new again!!! If you need your car washed and detailed then this is the place to go.
1	Fabulous Freddys isn't fabulous, I had my car detailed here. They told me it would only be an hour, it took them three hours and I was late to work. They scratched my window tint on three of my Windows and will not pay to fix it. There was dryed wax all over the outside of my car. Horrible customer service, will never go back. Take my advice and save your money.
1	I've been to fabulous Freddy's a few times and I'm never satisfied with the job they do. Half of the time the inside of my car doesn't look like they even wiped it down. The VIP wash isn't a VIP wash! I've said something twice to the manager and they go back through but it still doesn't look as good as it should. I bought a book of washes because they were having buy 8 get 3 free ( or something like that) before I even tried them out. I should have done a test run to see if they were good.  They are right around the corner from my house so it's very convenient. It's very frustrating that the people who work there go through the motions of cleaning it but it's not actually getting clean-- Puzzling to me!!!  I always end up coming home to clean it myself.  At least the outside, windows and vacuuming is done. I have to wipe down the inside every time.
1	Have taken my car to this Freddy's about 4 times and have had a horrible experience every time. Most of the time it's the guys drying the car have done a HORRIBLE job. Today, however, topped the cake. The rail on the inside of the car wash came off the tracks because of bad placement or the size of the car. My poor little car was behind it in the line...needles to say my car started hitting the back of the truck and an SUV came in behind it and started hitting my car from the back. Nobody was watching the machine and we had to finally get somebody to shut it off, while my husband was trying to find somebody to shut down the machine other employees were walking around and heard what was happening and just laughed. Freddy's only told us about the incident and my husband told the other two owners what had happened. They are filling a damage report so let's see if my car gets fixed...front bumper and back bumper damage!!! Needless to say I won't be going back to this Freddy's ever again...they are more HORRIBLE than fabulous!
1	The service was terrible! A complete lack of communication from the staff. I was told by one employee they would call me to get my keys then the other said I had to "just find someone outside to get my keys". Over an hour to get my car back with probably the worst attention to detail I've ever experienced. I have seen better results from a school fundraiser car wash and they at least act pleased that you are there to give them money to do a job.  If I didn't have an appointment to keep I would have demanded they finish cleaning the interior. Never will I use that service station for anything and I will advise anyone I can to do the same. Not a single part of that $100 endeavor was worth repeating!
1	Day 2 of attempting to have a interior detail/car wash rectified. DO NOT HAVE MJ wash/handle your vehicle if you are given an option. From door jams still curdled with dust and dirt to dirt being left near the tires (splash guard area) I've never recalled seeing self service in the $104 price.      I'm attempting to show photos that I just took of Day 2, and yes Day 1 was worse which is why this car was left over night; however, it won't let me load them since I took them right before starting this post.      Although Nicholas attempted to offer us a free car wash and to see what his hits could accomplish last night, (I turned down the offer because I would be an idiot to entrust my vehicle to be "cleaned" here again), Johnny is the ONLY associate who apologized for the lack of service that was provided.      So, hear I am "ranting," for having to wait an additional forty five minutes as my mother and Johnny CONTINUE to go over the car.
4	Did a great job on my car that hadn't been washed in a while! Came to get it washed and detailed because I was selling it. Very clean and he even found my necklace! Lol. Only issue was that the detailing took a while. It has an outside area to wait and a lounge in the gas station. Grabbed a smoothie and I was good to go. Only complaint is that detailing took a while and it was not busy when I went there. Their texting program is cool, I get specials sometimes.
2	Not "fabulous" at all. I went on a friends recommendation even thought the reviews on yelp were pretty mixed. I purchased "the best" but is was defiantly short of the best. When I checked out I had made a joke about how the reviews on yelp are mixed but I wanted to try this place anyway. The response I got from the guy was "that's because people are too picky." Well picky or not I don't even think my truck (I have an SUV) was vacuumed in the back and the dash was not wiped down. This I don't think is being picky, it's normal and  expected when you get a car wash. Don't think I will be returning
5	This place is great!!! Wonderful service and friendly people!!! We will be coming again soon!
1	Would NEVER recommend this car wash to anyone.  Hire lazy staff that don't take any pride in their work.  Better off spending a $1.00 and vacuum yourself.  Company is run horribly.  Don't waste any of your money as you will never be happy with end result.
5	Seriously folks...THE GREATEST CAR WASH IN AMERICA!! I love the job they do, I love the people - it's simply the best place to get your car washed and grab a beverage from the big cooler in the USA.  Anyone who ever has rated Freddy's less than 5 stars must be mistaken.  This place is perfection! GO FABULOUS FREDDY's!!!
2	I recently had my seats shampooed to get a suitcase wheel mark off the back seat. I was quoted a 1-hour wait time since I was one of the first customers of the day. After 2 hours I walked into the garage to find out what was taking so long and I was told it would be another half hour. Once completed and everything dried I discover my dashboard, center console an all 4 doors to be cover in shampoo spots. On the passenger side of the console it looked as if the shampoo was dumped on and left to run down into the mat. It took me an additional half hour of cleaning to get the shampoo out...after the $58. The partial upside was that they got the marks out of the seat. However, they couldn't get out the spot from when I had set my bike tire on the seat.The car wash was good, but they always do a pretty terrible job wiping the inside of the windows and I always have to redo them once I'm home.I then got gas and used my fabulous Freddy's card, but what do you know!..it didn't work and I didn't get the $0.20/gallon off the price. The attendant did make a note on my receipt and told me I could bring it to the counter for my next fill up to get the discount.I'll be taking my car to Terrible's from now because it's much cheaper and I always have to re-clean my own windows anyway.
3	I usually come here to get my car vacuumed and wash. I always seem to manage to get it done before a rain storm that I didn't know was coming. Freddie's does offer a rain guarantee within 24 hours I think. They usually do a good job. Sometimes it's longer than what they told me but for the price and quality it seems to be good for my old Jetta. I do however wish vegas had some more do it your self places.
1	I wish there were zero or negative stars available to review this place.For the $135.00 they charged, and the 3 hours it took, I really expected a clean car.Trash on the floor, and between the seats & console. Debris in the cargo area, and under the seats - a cheap hand held vacuum would have picked it all up.  No attetion to detail at all. The inside surfaces of the windows are badly streaked - where they were cleaned at all! There was still dust & film in a large triangle behind the rear view mirror on the inside of the windshield.  Driving in the sun is dangerous with the mess they made on the inside of the windows.The exterior of the car was not terrible, but there were several patches of chalky haze bigger than my hand on the paint.  Whatever they used on the outside was still there.  Sure, it buffs right off - but I thought I paid THEM to do that work?After a 3 hour wait for this sloppy work, it was the bum's rush out the door.  Never again.  I will be sure to tell all my friends to use a gypsy mobile service for 25 bucks - they can actually clean a window!
1	$54. That is the amount of money I spent to waste three hours of my day for a half-assed job. The worker said, sorry I had to do this in the dark so I hope I got everything. He did not get everything. There is visible dust everywhere. If you don't have the ability or availability to clean the interior after dark, then don't take the customer's money.
5	I read the reviews on yelp and was a bit worried going into the car wash. To my surprise these guys did great! The lady who did the ticket writing was very helpful. The cashier who asked for the next fabulous customer was fun and very nice. To top it off my car was clean. Now you should know I am anal when it comes to how clean my car is. I am so anal I usually wash it myself because I've found very few car washes that know how to wash a car. They did a great job. They get 5 stars from me.
2	Not my first time here but for sure it's going to be my last. So much for the "best" package because it was the worse. Nothing was wiped down. Dust was still sitting on my dash board. Windows were horrible. Back seats and truck wasn't even touched. The side of my doors were all foot prints. I had to ask them to wipe this wipe that and I still brought it home and re did it myself. Probably the only okay thing they did was my tires. A so called "shine". Won't be back and won't recommend it to anyone
3	Being as how I was in an unfamiliar part of town with limited time, I entrusted the reviews of my fellow yelpers to help me out. This was actually my second choice for a full service carwash place. There was one other spot with higher ratings and reviews, but unfortunately they are no longer in business so second choice Freddie's it was! The staff were all very friendly and serious "up sellers". I understand that is apart of their job, but it was a bit much, especially because the three staff members I did interact with were relentless. Be warned! The car wash itself was average; obviously any clean car is better than a dirty one. Although they did vacuum the area I specifically requested they get, I didn't get any scent of the air freshener I paid for (boo) and the interior looked as if they daintily wiped it with a towel (no elbow grease). The one blatantly obvious mistake they made was leaving a HUGE bird poop mark on my driver's side windshield. I feel kinda bad for including this part because after I brought it to one of the guys' attention he immediately cleaned it off and apologized. But it was an extremely large oversight on their end. On the plus side I was able to redeem my $3 off check-in offer!! : ) If you're in the area and in need of a car wash give them a try. With a little more attentiveness, they may soon become peoples' first choice!
1	I have been a regular customer here. Every single time I get my car washed, I swear to God it takes this bunch of teen workers forever. The manager had to yell at them to drive the car through the tunnel. They will lose me as a loyal customer because of these lazy kids. Tsk tsk.
1	I have always had a mobile detail person come to my home to detail my SUV But he's out of town for the holidays so I thought I would try out fabulous Freddy's on Ft. Apache and Charleston since they always seem to be pretty busy with their car wash. I paid for the vip detail service. 2 hours later, I got to inspect my SUV. My car was still dirty. There is no "detail" to their service. I have a white SUV and there were dirty water spots behind the side view mirrors, dirty water spots inside all of my doors and dirty water spots everywhere all over my car. I'm not a picky person but I was NOT happy with the outside of my car. U asked for the manager and a "trainer" came over and had the guys clean the truck properly and she was kind enough to give me a $20 off of my next detail but I'll never go back for a detail again. Totally not worth it. Also, when I asked for the manager, the guys said "whatever, he's gonna tell you the same thing". HORRIBLE service.  I should have listened to all of their other poor reviews but I didn't know it would be as back as everyone had reviewed.  I would have had the outside cleaned the way they did, as if I had driven through any car wash.  Bad service!!!! Dirty car!!!
2	Stopped by to fill my tank and get a car wash. They "offer" 20 cents off your gas with a wash yet you have guess which to do first as getting gas before you was gets you some bullshit run around that you were supposed to get your wash first. Enjoy the hundred bucks you got out of me today because I will never spend another nickel in your business again. Hope you enjoyed my "fabulous" review and to the manager on duty at12:30 on 12/28. FUCK YOU!!!
2	Exterior wash: car came out of the washer with soap still on it. Then sat there a while waiting for the wiper people to do their work. One of them did a good job, the other one didn't. Only the good one wiped the inside of the doors. And there was still dirt on the back that I had to go back and clean.
1	Just purchased a brand new truck and wanted to get it clean and brought it to Fabulous Freddy's because we have never had any problems here in the past and after paying for the best car wash they have I found a big scratch above the passenger rear wheel fender. Asked to speak to a manager who came out and said it couldn't have been from the car wash. This truck is my baby and I would have seen the scratch had it been there before. The manager was rude and at the very least he wouldn't refund this car wash. I will no longer reccommend this place nor will I be visiting again.
