5	A new Indian restaurant just opened near my house, and we decided to walk on over.  Yeah, that close.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly, and there were a few other patrons trying out the new place for the first time.  I was very excited to see that they have a buffet, and filled my plate with a thin layer of rice topped by four of the meat curry dishes.  I added some of the mint chutney for good measure.  It was a work of art.  Warm garlic naan arrived not long after we started taking our first bites.  And just before my daughter said that it was too garlicky, the warm plain naan arrived.  Yes, before.  And before I could start thinking about seconds, actually I had already planned on seconds while pilling on the firsts, a steaming hot plate of chicken biryani with a few mixed vegetables arrived just for me as part of the buffet.  Did I mention that everyone else in my party is vegetarian?  After joining the clean plate club and then having two pieces of chicken to boot, I was done, but not past done like my wife was advertising.  And then I tried some of the dessert, but I was still at done.  While paying the bill, they gave me a to go box for the chicken biryani.  How great is that? Suffice to say that the food was great, the service was great, and we'll be back - often.
4	These guys have some nerve opening an Indian Buffet right catty-corner from the best one in the Valley, Kabab Palace.  It'd better be good!     :-OOk, so upon entry this brand new place presents clean, up to the minute styling and both booth & table seating choose from.  Bollywood TVs play at low volume in diagonal corners & I received a cheerful greeting from the host, right away.There were 16 main food trays on the serving line, about right for an Indian Buffet.  My server gal brought me out a basket of my choice of Naan (garlic), which arrived piping hot & fixed just right.All the food was properly labeled, although knowing that a dish is "Ookum Bookum" leaves you still not having any idea what it is half the time.  Aren't I true (as Kelly Willis would ask)?     :-)The extra good dishes, to me, were the Butter Chicken, the Vegetable Korma, & the Tandoori Chicken with it's cooked onions & green peppers.  The Kadana Chicken, Bhindi Masala, Chana Masala, Goat Curry & everything else was good.  With goat meat starting out so blah tasting they did a good job of flavoring it up, & the food seasonings overall were appropriate & ranged from mild to spicy.With its nice variety of tasty stuff to eat & a totally friendly & attentive staff, it's no wonder this place is taking off like a rocket!  The mid-sized dining room was almost FULL of customers by the time I left a little before noon, & good for them!Lunch Buffet only $8.99 including weekends at this new Buffet where everything is right!     :-))
5	WOW! This place is amazing! I went for the Lunch Buffet on last Tuesday and was blown away. The food and atmosphere were perfect! The actual restaurant is medium sized with two TV's tuned to Indian favorites (Cricket game & Bollywood Videos, lol). The food was sooo good! I really liked how they served freshly baked Naan bread at each table (your choice of garlic or plain) I'm not sure what the name was for all the food items, my favorite was the Butter Chicken with the Naan- YUM! Nice variety of dishes from mild to spicy and lots of vegetarian choices as well. I'm pretty sure this is the best Indian food restaurant I have been to; I'm certainly coming back soon!
5	I have been a customer of this great place since they first opened their old location in 2009. My Dad and I were regulars there for years. He is no longer around, but I am still a customer forever and everytime I go there I remember the old times I had with my old man. I recently relocated to New Orleans, so I can only eat there a few times a year. However, this clear cut is the best indian food around. I have eaten in California many times. The food is the best. Get the Lamb Boti Masala, Lamb Saag, anything lamb. The Goat is delicious. I am very good friends with the family and they treat all of their customers like family. I have been a regular at every indian restaurant in phoenix, and this clearly trumps them all. You will not be dissapointed coming here. In fact I have about ten friends that are regular customers still.
4	Very Good Was Impressed Especially Since It Was A Buffet Most Buffet Are Not That Good Old Food Or No Flavor But This Was Pretty Good.. . Services Could Be A Little Better When I Came It Took Awhile To Be Greeted But After I Was They Seem Friendly..   Will Go Again Most Likely Next Week
4	Coworkers had been raving about another great place they have found to eat at and it's a buffet too (side note: yes I have stated I do not like buffet's but I don't consider this a normal buffet), so I thought I would check it out, so off I went to India Grill.  It's a cute little place and staff is very friendly, was at ease right when I walked in, they have 2 big tvs, one was playing cricket, and other was playing videos from Bollywood, ok that got my eye, I am a BOLLYWOOD JUNKIE!!! The colors and music fascinate me, I'll even confess, my favorite Bollywood actress is Aishwarya Rai, so beautiful, and her eyes, wow!  Anyways, watching the videos was cool!I went for the buffet, now I'm not good with what the dishes are called but let me tell you what I liked, I dig the rice, its perfect with the blend of spices and everything, even the peas, delish!! There was this veggie dish that was like fried cauliflower, but not heavy fried, lightly done with peppers and onions with a smokey spicy seasoning, omg that was so dang good, I wish I remembered the name. I went mainly because I was craving chicken tikki masala and it was a dish in the buffet, so I grabbed me up some! That my friends was sweet heaven!! It did not disappoint!  The buffet also comes with unlimited garlic naan bread, OMG how cool is that!!  India Grill is A ok in my book! What a great lunch time find, glad my coworkers told me about this place, look forward to coming back!
5	I have never given a 5 star rating to an Indian restaurant so far in Arizona and that's saying something already about this place. This place is new and its evident that they are trying extra hard to get brownie points, which isnt necessarily bad ofc and I guess its working :). I just hope it remains this way :) for a while to come. It is a north Indian food place, atleast as was evident from the dinner buffer we had. The place is located quite close to the other good Indian place, Kabab palace and is in direct competition with it and I already heard many people say its better than that because food is a tag tastier and a tag cheaper. So finally I decided to go to this place with my gf and friends. We were super-duper hungry and starving, so all of us decided to get the buffets. We went on a wed night. They had lotsa options in the buffet for both vegetarians and meat lovers. They had veggie pakora as the only appetizer, which was kinda dampening, bcs generally buffets carry more than one appetizer. It's not a biggie since it made me eat all the main entrees for once. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water now. They were very prompt in bringing garlic nans to the table. and the best or interesting part is they bought sizzling tandoori chicken to the table too (check the pics), they said they do that for dinner buffets. They topped it off with a couple of deserts- gulab jamoon which was meh and rice pudding. They had some fruits and salads, but i conveniently ignored them, as you should at an Indian buffet place.The first thing that came to my mind when I eat the food was its as delicious as any Indian food that I have ever eaten in AZ. The ambiance of the place is ok, the people seemed nice and prompt and the price was well I will let you decide that, the wed night buffet was $12. When people told me it was cheap, I was expecting cheaper than $12 but I am not complaining (it is cheaper than Kabab palace). I just wish the place remains true as it is now and hope nothing really changes. Maybe one of these days I will go and try a la carte too to get another perspective, but yeah I am already recommending this place and am ready to go again soon.
5	We went for the lunch buffet & came back to work stuffed & happy. It was spicy, full of flavor & delicious. Next time, I'm trying the chicken tikka...
4	Tried out the place today for lunch with a group of friends.  We have all been to star of india, pasands, copper kettle, kebab palace, etc etc.  From those places, I always liked Kebab Palace the most.  It's a little on the expensive side but clean and very flavorful.India grill is in a great location on Kyrene and Elliot.  The space is very new and clean.  There are high ceilings and a lot of walking space between tables that lends to an open feel.  Service was impeccable.  They refilled our waters many times and asked if we wanted more naan.  They also to be genuinely attentive asking if we needed anything.  The price point was about $11 / person.  Kebab is around $13 and most other places are $9.The variety was the same amount as Kebab Palace, but there were a few more dessert items.  I would say there are maybe 9 or 10 different lunch items to choose from split half between veggie and meat.  I took a taste of each of them, and the butter chicken was my favorite.  The lamb was a bit too gamey.  The tikka masala wasn't as good as other places either.  The veggies was nothing to write about.  My favorites was the garlic naan that comes with the meal, and the veggie pakoras which had an awesome seasoned filling that I have not seen at other places.  I wish the other items had the same seasoning level as the veggie pakoras.  It would have made this place better than kebab palace.Overall, I loved a few items they served here.  I think they fell short on seasoning, but the service and space they have make up for it a little bit.  It'd be a toss up for me between this place and Kebab, but I think you can't go wrong with India Grill.
5	Wow...here we go again. We have yet another good Indian restaurant. Like the last couple of places I reviewed, this one also had great service with a very hospitable owner. Also like the others it looks to have been remodeled, with the high ceilings and new tables. The buffet had many choices, also like the other new places, and everything tasted great. Mostly this is the stuff you would expect, but there were a couple of items new to me--chili chicken being one of them. I'm excited to see the quality of Indian lunch buffets rising. I just hope they can all manage to be successful in the new, very competitive, environment.
4	Had dinner here yesterday, and found out that they have a dinner buffet for $11.99, which was too tempting to pass up, especially since it would allow me to try out a range of items. The Aaloo Gobi and Dal were close to home-made, very good. The butter chicken and kheer (rice pudding) were good too. The chicken vindaloo was very mild, and the chicken curry was so-so. Overall, the spice level was low, but that is probably intentional for the buffet items. The service was very good, the owner was going table to table to make sure everyone was taken care of. They do not have a liquor license yet, I was told they will get it May 12. I will go back there to try out the ala carte menu items. Right now the rating is more of a 3.5.
3	Went there again this week, food and service were still good, not great. This time I concentrated only on the vegetarian dishes, and some of them lacked flavor. Overall still a very good deal.
2	I tried India Grill today.  I ordered Lamb Karahi, Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Biryani.The Chicken Tikka Masala was good.  Not great but a solid good.The Lamb Karahi was nice.  Pleasantly spicy with other flavors making themselves known.The Lamb Biryani was sub par.  I have had much better.  I have also had Lamb Biryani that was worse (that place is out of business).All in all an OK experience.  I give it two stars for being more expensive than my usual Indian restaurant (India Palace).
4	Quick review:We went for the lunch buffet today, and though this was the first time that I've been there and I WILL be back. All of the dishes such a large selection of all of my favorites.  The service was great  and the ambiance and decor were really nice.  This is place is now my favorite Indian buffet in the valley.
5	Absolutely sensational food.  We had the evening buffett. I will be driving 40min one way to eat here again.  Wow I just really enjoyed my meal.
1	I am writing review so other people become aware about the cheat the owner is doing. 3 of us went there for dinner buffet. Honestly, Food was not bad. First issue was with pricing; there website says 11.99 for dinner buffet, even restaurant menu says 11.99 and they actually charge 12.99/person..  BEWARE!! . They didn't change after I highlighted issue because web/menu says 11.99. He said they just changed it last month. He is probably doing same thing for lunch buffet aswell.Second, they add 18% graduaty even for Buffet without my permission (for 3 people it is not mandatory). I think that was too high for buffet. He didn't change that either. Overall it turned-out valley's most expensive indian buffet. I WOULD NOT GO THERE AGAIN.
4	Good Indian food.  Taste fresh, not re-cycled. Wonderful flavors with the spices.  the place is clean. That says it all. I'm a white guy that loves Indian food.
4	Indian food and buffets are synonymous with lunch but almost unheard of for dinner. And I think I know why, time.One may eat lunch from 11-1 yet dinner can be from 5-8 that wide range means buffet items may not be as fresh as the should be, and this was the case here.The palak paneer had a dry film over it from sitting as did the dahl. The flavors of each dish were decent but not the best I have had. I think they were a bit muted for american pallets.What made me happy was the large number of vegetarian items on the diner buffet ~5  Including pakora, Dahl, Palak Paneer, veggie korma, channa masala and one other dish plus the often over looked salads.Be sure or order the garlic Naan as it is amazing in both taste and texture.at 11.99 its not a bargain for dinner but not bad for all you can eat.
3	Went back to India Grill today for the lunch buffet.At $10 the buffet was a good value.The daal was good as was the chicken curry.  In addition to the curry there was a chicken roegonosh that was very good.The food had alot of flavor but was missing any heat.  The vegetarian biryani was much better than the lamb I previously had from here.  It was in a typically northern style.If you need food spicy you will need to order something from the menu.
5	Decided to check this place out after finding it accidentally.  A work colleague and I decided to hit up the lunch buffet and came away pleasantly surprised.  Staples like the Butter Chicken and Lamb Vindaloo were excellent and I was surprised to see a HUGE selection along with a fresh looking salad bar.  Naan bread was frequently brought to our table and we were given the option of garlic or regular.  Both were very good.  I was also very happy with the service as my iced tea was kept full constantly.  The price was also right as I have tried a few different places around town which were subpar in comparison but way more expensive.  Overall I can recommend coming for lunch as we had an excellent experience and I look forward to coming back for dinner and bringing family/friends.  A great dining experience!
4	This place was a great surprise.  We did an early 5pm dinner and the family all went for the buffet.  The food was some of the better indian i have had in AZ.  The place is clean and the service with drinks and naan were great.  One tv had bollywood action and the other had cricket.  Despite not being fancy i found it a nice change over the traditional indian decor.  They had my two favorite indian brews, kingfisher and taj mahal.  Both are great if you have never had them.  We will go back again for sure.
4	Dinner buffet!  They have a myriad of different vegetable dishes as well as meat dishes, each with a distinct flavor.  When we went today there were selections such as vegetable korma, palak paneer, paneer masala, tandoori chicken, butter chicken, lamb vindaloo, and goat curry just to name a few!  There was also a selection of chaat, some pakora, samosas, a decent salad bar, and 3 different desserts (fruit with mango pudding, rice pudding, and gulab jamun).   Service was friendly and attentive.  Will definitely go here again if I'm in the mood for dinner buffet!P.S.  If you get the goat curry, watch out for bones!
3	My son wanted Indian food so we stopped in here based on yelp reviews.  We had the lunch buffet, which is a very good value for the working lunch crowd.  The garlic naan was just the right amount of crisp and very flavorful.  The standouts from the buffet were the tandoori chicken, butter chicken and both the vegetarian and chicken curry.  The tandoori chicken was flavorful and covered with perfectly grilled onions and peppers.  A little dry but expected on a buffet.  The butter chicken and curry dishes had good amount of vegetables and flavor.  What left me wanting was the lack of spicier dishes on the buffet.  For good Indian spice...order off of the menu.  Overall, a good value for solid Indian food.  Not knock your socks off, bring guests type of dining.
5	When we moved from CA a few years ago, we tried in vain to find an Indian restaurant in the valley that could deliver the amazing tasting Indian food we enjoyed in CA.  Then we tried India's Grill (their former name at their former location in Mesa) and rejoiced.  Hands down best Indian food we've found in the Valley.We were sad when they closed the Mesa location but recently learned they reopened at India Grill in Tempe.  Since then we've been back half a dozen times.  The Chicken Tikka and Chicken Tikka Masala are incredible!!!  And the naan bread is great.  They even have Flying Horse beer, which is not easy to come by.The new location is even a little nicer than the previous one, although neither are convenient to us.  It's still way worth the drive!!FYI, we never do the buffet.  Not our thing.  We always order off the menu, so this place shouldn't be tagged a "buffet" only place.
2	I went for lunch buffet recently and I did not have such a good experience. The restaurant was clean but hardly there were anyone. We did not get good customer service too. We are vegetarians and the food was ok. There was just one appetizer and it was quite salty. There were many deserts but I just liked one.  The rotis, curry and rice was great. But  overall the experience was just ok.
4	This is a great little restaurant.  The staff is very friendly and service was top notch.  They have a lunch buffet, but I opted for Chana Masala ( Chick Pea Curry )  instead for my lunch.  It was very good and a pretty large size portion.  I would recommend it.  I also ordered the Chili Naan ( they have many different kinds ) it's basically Naan covered in Sriracha or some other chili paste.  It was pretty hot so be warned if you order it.  It also had what I thought was kind of a charred back to it, but it went really well with the Chana Masala so I'll go with that it being intentional.Try:- Chana Masala- Mali Kofta
5	Best Indian food I've ever eaten. Went there for lunch with a few friends from work for the buffet. Never had much luck with Indian lunch buffets, but this one hit the spot. Tandoori Chicken was the bomb! Chicken thighs and drumsticks.. the best. Went early, around 11:30am. The food was fresh from the kitchen. About 10 different dishes. I don't know what everything was, but I tried it all and it was all good. There was a non-stop parade of naan bread of all types. It just kept coming. Seriously,.. it didn't stop. I've been to places where you had to pay per basket of naan. Not here.The price was reasonable. About $10 for the lunch buffet. Well worth it. I actually called again to see how much take-out was. It sounded a little pricey. $5.99 per lb. The girl on the phone said the typical styrofoam take-out box is 2.5 lbs. This baller is on a budget, so $15 for take-out is not in the question. I'd rather eat that fresh naan anyway.This place is well worth it. I've already told a few friends about it. I look forward to bringing my wife here on date-night.
4	Food  was all really good.
5	YA BABY!!How have I missed this place?  It's just 2 miles from my shop and right next to my bank.I stopped in for lunch buffet and it was excellent!!  Everything.  I think it's a great deal for $11. I'll be a regular.The only draw back is the garlic and spices coming out during a good sweat at the gym.  I hope they get over it.
3	With this opening up diagonally across the street from what I would consider the best Indian Buffet in town I had to try it. I meant they are setting themselves up for failure by doing that!Pleaseantly surprised. Much nicer location than Kebab. The only downside is they dot have the Bollywood Music channel playing the whole time. They should!A few corners cut in the food dept, mostly tomato based sauces instead of creams. Which is ok of you're trying to eat healthier.Great flavors and good service. Again, I wouldnt say the food is quite as solid as Kebab across the street but it is very good and healthier.Will def be back.The bad: The owner. He just sits there watching TV, stares at you occasionally, never once asked how we were doing or anything.The shows HE wants to watch and they couldn't be more boring (indian soap operas). If he was smart they would leave the TV on the Bollywood Music channel, its super entertaining. We will keep going to the place across the street just for this reason.
4	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKEND LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Stopped in here again today for the Buffet, this time joined by Mike C.  They have raised the weekend price (now $10.99) but everything else was still about the same as in my previous review, EXCELLENT, so it remains a high 4 Stars here for this fun, friendly restaurant!     :-))
1	My friends and I went to this place for a Sunday buffet.  The food was tasty and place was clean. But, like all Indian food, i judge the food on how i feel later in the day or day after. I felt there was a stone in my stomach. Had so much trouble and had a bad stomach upset. So did  my friends. This place seems to add too much basking soda in the food.  Would recommend against it. Won't go there either.
4	It was really good food great flavors and quality of food.  The down side was my stomach was jacked up for about 12 hours after i ate there.
4	I thought it was time to update my review; it's been several months since I last raved about India Grill.India Grill has since become a favorite lunch time spot, the lunch buffet is just delish! The menu changes daily and I noticed on the daily specials, that on certain days employees of Free Scale and Honeywell get 2 bucks off their lunch, I think that's pretty neat, a company rewarding employees that go to their restaurant. Today I was craving the butter chicken and rice, I had been thinking about it all week and man it was perfect! Also out to try was Chile Chicken, that my friend was a very delish dish. Oh and let's not forget the garlic naan, that's some good stuff right there!If you haven't been to India Grill, you should give them a try! Also if you check in on Yelp, you can get 10% off your bill!!
5	So glad we tried this place!!! A delicious smell in the air when you first walk in is always a good sign.  Very clean and the staff is super friendly and attentive. Definatly  coming back!
3	Garlic Naan is the best. Food is quite good.
4	Got a craving for Indian food? Go here!!!!The food is fantastic (lunch or dinner), the pricing reasonable and the service is always with a smile.  My favorite dishes are Palak Paneer and Garlic Naan. My  husband prefers Tandori Chicken and anything spicy.
5	Sooooo good! I fantasize about this place because I live in Tucson. Great service, delish garlic naan, cheap lunch buffet, what more could you ask? I will be returning to this place again and again when I head up north!!!
4	This is one of the better Indian food restaurants we have found in AZ. The food was good, the place had a good atmosphere, and the staff was friendly.
5	Best Indian buffet in the area! The food options they have out are always good. They even have meat (chicken)! Best saag paneer I have ever had! Don't forget to ask them to warm up the gulab jamun for you. Best served warm! Best part: Indian music and videos blasting in the dining room. Gotta love it!
5	Good buffet. Good service. First time eating Indian for my wife and she said she would come back. Happy campers. :)
5	Food is awesome especially the BUTTER CHIKEN!!
2	Cheapness, they pack food from buffet if you order dinner to go. Which is not hot and doesnt taste freshly made. Since I live in walkable distance I have made ordering dinner several times, specially Tandoori chicken. Every time time its been from the buffet serving. And they charge me more than their buffet price for just one thing from their buffet. Simply very cheap.Regarding taste - I have had buffet, its ok most of the time nothing special. I have had dinner on non-buffet nights and food had been good those times.
2	I came here on Mother's Day with my mother and sister for the weekend lunch buffet and was rather disappointed with the service and the limited choices of food. We were seated by a young lady who seemed rather bored to be there and were bluntly told about the buffet. The buffet itself was okay, though nothing very special. The butter chicken was probably my favorite (probably because it was so similar to chicken tika masala and it's rather hard to mess that up). The dessert was tasty, and included gulab jamen, rice pudding, and mango pudding. I was surprised that they didn't serve chicken tika masala or chutney. For three people ordering the lunch buffet with two iced teas and a water, the bill ended up being around $40. For this amount, I feel as though we could have gone somewhere else where the service was actually decent and the food was tastier. I really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately this was either not a good day or I just had too high of expectations.
3	I had the Fish Curry and it was tasty. The onion bhaji was different than I"m used to having. No buffet on weekday evenings.The staff was friendly. Wish they had more kabob choices. Did enjoy the Bollywood music videos.
3	I've been to India Grill twice for the lunch buffet, once a year ago and once today, and I must say, it's ok, but nothing terribly special. They have a good variety of food on the buffet, but nothing is especially wonderful. The butter chicken and saag paneer are pretty generic. The naan was ok, but a little on the burnt side. Nothing had that 'yummy' factor that I look for in good indian food...the food lacked some depth. Anyway, this place is fine, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to go again.
4	Buffet Review: $11 after tax is a pretty darn good deal. Walking in you will notice that the restaurant is very clean and have a very classy feel to it. The tables are professionally organized and set up. The atmosphere and decoration are very pleasant. India Grill has fresh baked nann and does not charge extra for the garlic nann kike some buffets do. What I also really appreciate is that India Grill also has some appetizers for their launch buffet which many Indian buffets choose to skimp out on to save costs. The appetizer I loved was a fried-vegetable-ball type!  (Not a Somosa, although I heard they have it for the dinner buffet). Overall the variety of the food selection was great and I loved their tandoori chicken. I did feel that all the sauces in the buffet were too rich or creamy which many buffets add to make the food taste "better" or "Americanized." I understand this is a buffet and the quality will not be the same as ordering per plate. They also had mango pudding with mango chucks- AMAZING! Overall this is my choice of Indian buffet in the Tempe area. India grill is so good!
5	awesome wraps
3	There is no way that this place should receive 5-stars.  I have been to most of the indian restaurants in the phoenix metro area and this is average.   Food is typical overally butter, high fat indian restaurant food.  The only good thing is that is has a full bar.  "Best saag paneer"... I do not think so.  Garlic naan... ok.
2	The buffet was lack luster. There was no Chana masala and when we did order it, it was 9 bucks and only a cups worth. The service was very poor and didn't refill our water even though there were only two other people. I would not recommend going here at all.
1	I am disappointed with this place. Seeing all the reviews I was expecting a very good lunch buffet , but the buffet was bad and expensive.
4	Came here for the lunch buffetIt was damnnnnnnnnnn tasty!I have a nut allergy, and one of the workers took me through the buffet and pointed out all the items that I should avoid, which put my sometimes anxious mind at easePlus, if you check-in here on Yelp, you get 10% off!
4	Decided to check out something different and found myself at India Grill for their lunch buffet. Although I am very new to Indian cuisine, the food was delicious. I did not recognize any names of food on the buffet line but tried a little bit of everything and did not have one complaint.Although there was only one table when we got there, the service was exceptional. My drink was filled up constantly and the server made sure to answer any questions we had.I'd definitely recommend this place for someone looking for a quality all-you-can-eat Indian buffet.
4	Good buffet
3	I'm not a fan of buffets.  This one appeared to be small (though larger than some Indian buffets I've seen).  Our group got a mix.  Some ordered off the menu, some got buffet.  All the food was consistently good.  I can't say it was my favorite of all time (it's not).  But it was good.  And they had a few different dishes one doesn't normally see (or at least I don't remember seeing them before).Staff was friendly and helpful.  We even got a YELP check-in coupon.Overall a solid place to have Indian food.  Prices seemed about average for most Indian restaurants.
5	Yum!!! Lunch buffet for around $10 is amazing! I'm Indian and I can truly say this is some authentic, delicious Indian food! Highly recommend this place!
4	This was my 1st time venturing into the realm of Indian food.  I've always wanted to try it, but it either hasn't been the right time, or there's always been a more comfortable suggestion.It was time to do so, with a support group of couple co-workers of course.  Did I love it?  Not really.  My sense of taste was confused for a solid 40 minutes as I tried things I never thought I would. Of course a couple of the items were really tasty.  I could eat their garlic nan bread all the time, it was some of the best tofu I've ever had and the butter chicken had great flavor.  That said, I don't see myself craving it any time soon.So, great service, very clean presentation and reasonable prices mean they deserve a four, just not sure I'll be back!
4	I am a huge fan of Indian food, I have never found a place in Arizona even close to the Indian food I can get back home in London. That being said, the food at India grill was tasty, I had the chicken korma which tasted good, not what I'm used to for a korma but it was nice. The garlic naan was yumsville. The employees were very nice and attentive and our server even split our desserts for us having heard us talk about sharing all in all a great experience
5	Update: Sadly appeared to be out of business as of 11/16/2013. A letter from the landlord was posted on the door. If so, RIP. Please come back soon!This is the best Indian Buffet I have been to so far. Their selection varies every time and sometimes they don't have the exact combo of stuff on the buffet that I like, but regardless, i haven't been to another Indian buffet that has been able to match the quality of their offerings.I'm sure one might be upset that I have given them 5 stars, but I am giving this rating for their weekend dinner buffet. You likely can go somewhere and get better individual dishes, but as far as buffets go, they currently win in my book.I recommend their Garlic Naan, vegetable Pakora, Paneer Tikka Masala, and their Butter Chicken is the Bee's Knees! SOMF!
5	This Indian restaurant is one of the best and most authentic I have ever eaten at.  I went for the lunch buffet and the price and quantity of foods was huge, but more importantly the QUALITY of the food was incredible.  Now that I have had a test of everything available I will definitely keep this on my short list for dinner.
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =What a shame to have just lost this really good Indian Buffet!     :-((
4	Yum!!!! Good buffet, we are stuffed. They even have a full bar. We will definitely be back again.
