5	Zizi's! Tucked away in the Gold Hill plaza just north of Ikea on Tryon. Storefront. Tiny. Lots of green paint. Super sweet (and talented) owner/chef Mer. Pro-veg and health paraphanalia lined walls and bulletin boards. Formerly a Mexican joint. Just behind them, one of those weird strip mall churches. A soul food place next door.But most importantly: The huge menu full of vegan-i-fied diner food, plus the ubiquitous smoothies, salads. I want to yell from the rooftops. Not only delicious, were my soy buffalo wings (the best I've ever had, if we're keeping score)... not only low sodium, my fried "fish" sammich... but relatively healthy. Not raw food healthy (lets face it - soy meat ain't the most natural substance around) but A-OK. Of course, we had to order fries to go with all of that - and even THEY were unique, slightly curried and spiced.This place is vegan start to finish but Mer pulls it off with panache - everything was super tasty and distinctly, carefully flavored. I haven't had a meal like this since leaving NYC and to be honest, some things (wings, chili) blew Kate's or even Curly's away. Take out only (but they deliver up to 18 miles out) and limited hours (12-8 daily, 'cept Sun and Mon) be damned, Zizi's is now on permanent rotation.
1	Well I was pretty excited to discover an all vegan restaurant with delivery, there really isn't anything else like it. Having said that, it took them over two hours to deliver a simple order, and the food we had been anticipating was hardly worth it. The buffalo chicken sandwich was completly soaked through from the sauce and nearly disintegrated in my hands. My boyfriends tempah steak was small in comparison to the huge mound of cabbage and rice that filled his to-go box. And the smoothies were melted with hunks of fruit swimming around and milky in appearance. The best they could do was $5 off. I've been a vegetarian most of my life and I'll just stick to making my own meals from now on. Their service was so-so from the second we placed the order. I would only reccomend them if taco bell quit substituting beans for meat in their soft tacos.
4	I found out about Zizi's on Twitter a month or so ago and had been looking for an excuse to get down to CLT to give it a try.  Luckily, two of us in the office here at the architecture firm for which I work needed to make a trip to Charlotte to visit the site of a future renovation job.  Knowing I am vegan, my coworker suggested I look up a vegan / vegetarian restaurant for us to try while we are in town.  I saw my chance...I had the 'chicken' salad sub, which was something like Gardein cubed up and mixed with Veganaise, (lotsa) carrots, green onions on a great soft sub roll (it is also available on whole wheat bread) and topped with a bunch of very fresh baby lettuces and juicy red tomato.  I also got the fries which were served nice and hot and were perfectly seasoned.  My friend got the crispy 'chicken' whole wheat wrap with veganaise and said it was excellent as well.Zizi's is quite close to the big blue Ikea store just off I-85 which you can't miss.Note that they are only open (currently anyway) Tuesday - Saturday from Noon - 8pm.
5	Hooray, they found a new delivery service that rules! 40 minutes, on a Sunday night, during a slightly scary torrential downpour = A+.I've honed in on my favs. Fried fish sammich - delish - nori-wrapped soy protein, breaded and fried to perfection. Fish and chips use the same tasty "fish". Chicken salad - perfect. Lots of finely shredded veggies, dulce, vegannaise. I can't replicate it at mi casa, so he's got some secret ingredient in there.Entrees have all been way yummier in person than they sound on paper - Chicken Parmless is ill, General Tso's is insane (a special, tho, so not always available), BBQ tofu super tasty. Buffalo wings still completely delish, I order them every time - they come with a subtle white sauce, some magical combination of vegannaise and lemon, maybe - perfect.Hours have become more lunch friendly (11:30 on) and they're now open Sundays. Sign up for the weekly email and get coupons, deals, and specials (last week, tempeh sloppy joes! Dude!!).
4	Some of the best vegan takeout I've ever had! Lots of choices and all are delicious. Depending on the time of day and the amount of orders they have received, it can take a while to prepare. Its better to call ahead. Definitely worth the wait even if you don't.Kind of wish they had a restaurant so I could eat in sometimes.
4	i just stopped by zizi's on friday to check it out. i got the avocado/hummus wrap. it was quite delish!!! my strawberry smoothie was very tasty but wasn't very cold. which means they don't water down their smoothies! i will definitely visit again. i recommend you call your order in and then pick it up.
4	I order here every weekend without exception.  One of the only places around Charlotte with decent vegan options.  I've tried all the entries, and prefer the BBQ tofu and eggplant curry.  Their salads are all great, as are the cold teas and desserts.  What sets this menu apart is the subtle, simple flavors.  The BBQ tofu, for instance, comes with plain brown rice which does an excellent job soaking up any extra BBQ sauce that hasn't cooked into hearty tofu squares.  There's no overloading food with salts or dressings.  I could easily eat here daily.Some of the entries are hit and miss.  The fake chicken nuggets taste way too similar to real chicken nuggets, and one of the steak dishes resembles bologna (eww), but on the whole I'm happy to have sampled everything and was left with a positive impression on most dishes.It's a simple pick-up/delivery place, so don't plan on eating there.  It's also prudent to call ahead because the meals take some time (10 mins or so depending on the item).
4	For a take out only it freakin rocked. Smoothies and amazing diversity on traditional dishes. Totally vegan and extremely clean foods. A true Vegan jewel hidden in the Charlotte Sprawl. Well worth the drive!
4	My boyfriend (AKA Groupon) told me about ZiZis and I decided to give it a go. In a land of bbq, it's nice to see a vegetarian/vegan option out there. They are a carry out place and located right next to the WalMart (I had to turn around since I am old school and don't dig the whole GPS thing)I got the cajun tofu strips and faux meatball sub since I figured they would be safe bets. I ordered out around lunch time on the wknd and didn't want to get an entree (and really couldnt decided since everything sounded amazing) The tofu strips packed a lot of flavor which I was happy about since I am a snob when it comes to spice and say the more the better. The meatball sub reminded me more of a chicken philly with the consistency of the "meat" and it was a bit soggy for my taste.I will definitely be going back from hearing rave reviews about it and the variety they bring with their menu. They need ZiZi's #2 closer to Uptown!
4	My friend is a vegan and sometimes it can be quite difficult to find diverse menu choices for him when we go out.  I stopped by ZiZi's to pick up some dinner and actually had a difficult time finding it.  It's tucked away in the little shopping plaza right before you get to the Walmart on N.  Tryon. Once inside, there were actually so many vegan choices, it took a while to decide what to order!  This place is takeout only, but the wait for the food was 10 minutes tops.  Now that I have a menu, I will definitely order in advance.  Overall, the experience was very good, food was cooked fast and was quite tasty!
5	I am new to veganism (3 years) and I moved here from the seattle area.  So when Zizi's opened I will admit I was skeptical, being from a place where GOOD vegan food lives.But let's just say I now have a "zizi's problem"  ...I eat there every time I can.  Plus, I find myself going out of my way to "find myself in the neighborhood"  I even took some of my non-veg friends there, they had no idea the stuff was vegan.  The food is just that good!  Highly highly recommended!  I suggest any of the entrees, but if you are in a rush...my preferred quick sandwich is that Chicken Philly sub.  Pure Comfort food!
4	This is a great place to get non-healthy vegan food. I almost feel like it's cheating to eat here because they have so many options that are all like traditional American bar food, like a philly-stake, which is greasy and yummy.The chili nachos are good and when you order them the chili is separated from the nachos as to not saturate them.Be warned, this place is hard to find if you are not familiar with Charlotte, ask for detailed directions when placing your order. Also this is pretty much pick up and delivery only.If I lived closer I would probably eat here more often, but it's good I don't, I seem to spend about $15 here on a meal.
5	I'm addicted to this place and I go almost every weekend. It's the best vegetarian restaurant I know of hands-down. I have now tried everything on the menu at least once and I haven't been unsatisfied yet. The prices are a little bit high, but that is to be expected with a full vegan menu.  I recommend this restaurant to everyone, vegan and meat-eater alike. Everyone can enjoy what they have to offer.
3	Finally gave this joint a day in court.Pros:Generous portions. I got the fish and chips and my husband got the chicken salad sub and they filled us up quite nicely! On the sub, the lettuce was fresh, crisp and flavorful. Not like that horrible shredded iceberg lettuce you get on most subs anywhere else.  It really added a nice crunch to the sub. The sub roll was of adequate size and the faux chicken salad was delicious! My "fish" was not greasy at all and the flavor wasn't overly fishy at all.  Cons:Needs more side options. How about sweet potato fries or veggie chips? The fries were cooked just how I like them which means they might be undercooked for anyone else. It's only to go. I think a seating area, maybe even just outside would be a good idea. I would love to give this place 4 stars but the price would not permit. If our meals had been just a dollar or so less, it would have been possible.
2	Dang it, Zizi's! I did not want to be the big bad omnivore pissing in all the happy vegitarian's Cheerios. I wanted to loveyou so much that I finished lunch questioning whether I ever really needed to eat meat again. I purposely did not order a meat substitute dish for fear I would compare it to actual meat and not judge it on its own merits. But, man, my Mushroom Patty sub was capital b Bland. It didn't taste like mushrooms or carrots or spices, all of which your menu says are what make it. It DID taste like mayonaise (or probably Vegenaise) which the menu mentions nowhere, though I wish it did because I would have asked for it to be omitted. I even tried taking it off the sandwich so I could taste it apart from the bread, lettuce, onions and slightly underripe tomato. Still nothing. Sure it was filling but wheres the fun in that.There were some high points. The wheat bread was delicious and the lettuce was some of the best i have had. I also appreciated that the onion were cut thin, presumably as to not overpower the minimal flavor the patty had. All this sort of amounts to the homliest girl at a party wearing a really killer dress, though.One thing I know is that I'm going back for sure. I will consult with some friends who love Zizi's so much. I will find out what will wow me and I will order it. Because I know in my heart of hearts that they must be better than what I've seen.
3	Would love to give this place 4, or even 5 stars, as vegan places are few and far between, but unfortunately I was unimpressed.  Will try again sometime, and hopefully it will be better.Service was OK.  Not terribly friendly, but my order came out quick enough.  Decor is nonexistent as this is takeout only (not even benches outside).I was going somewhere, and didn't feel like I had the time to tuck into one of their entrees, so I just got their Chipotle Tofu wrap.  This was possibly the most boring, poorly assembled wrap I have ever had.  It was just fried tofu chunks, a few large pieces of lettuce, couple of small pieces of tomato, and some BBQ sauce poured over it.  As I said it was poorly wrapped, and when it started coming apart, I got BBQ sauce on my hands and shirt.  At $7 this is ridiculous, especially considering it doesn't come with any fries or anything (even though they do have fries).Now if I were to rate Zizi's based solely on this wrap, they would get a 2, maybe even a 1.  But reading other reviews I'm sure that their entrees are much better than this wrap (flavorwise and structurally), not to mention that this was so poorly made that I am convinced that it was a new employee or something along those lines.  Regardless, for whatever reason, I still have faith in you Zizi's, and am giving 3 stars until I can make it back for one of the entrees.
5	Zizi's is the best food and best value in Charlotte. I really like the vast options and tasty techniques used here. I will never pass through charlotte without popping in and grabbing some sustainable delicious food. food takes about 10 minutes. smoothies 4. Awesome!!!
1	I don't care if this is one of the only vegan restaurants in town - the food I had was terrible!I tried a little bit of everything since I was traveling for work and had a larger than normal budget.  Chili?  Ok.  Chicken nuggets?  Flavorless and tough.  Chicken wings?  Burned and hard to eat since they come on a stick.  (to make them more chicken like? weird!)  Avocado salad was ok, but it's hard to mess up a salad.  The worst item out of the many things I tried was a southern plate of some sort.  I literally had one bite of mach and cheese and collard greens and threw it away.  Along with everything else I'd had one bite of.  It was utterly disgusting.I wish any vegan restaurant well, especially in the south where vegan food isn't all that abundant, but seriously!  Serve some better food and show people how good vegan food can be!
3	Grabbed food here with my fiance on Sunday evening.  It was ok.  I am all about the vegetarian/vegan movement but was a little disappointed (maybe my expectations were a bit high).  I ordered the bbq tofu with brown rice and my fiance ordered the eggplant curry.  His dish was definitely a little better than mine, but mine was a little boring.  Cooked tofu slathered in bbq sauce and rice on the side.  The tofu was a little rubbery also.  We also got a smoothie which was good, but there was a large piece of banana in it that wasn't blended.  I'd definitely try it again if I was in the area, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat there (like I did on Sunday).
2	My mom has been vegan for about 40 years now and she never fries anything which led me to be surprised that Zizis had so many (in my opinion) fried items.We've eaten here a few times but:I really wanted to like Zizis and I really wanted my daughter to like it too because we really are trying to eat healthier and we really don't eat much meat.My daughter only liked one thing: the "chicken" nuggets. I tried one of the nuggets. Tasteless.The BBQ tofu with rice wasn't bad but it would have been better with greenery (salad greens, raw spinach, something!) for the price.And then I started thinking about how I could make my own BBQ tofu with rice and salad greens at home (several servings) for what I paid here for take out. Not good.So:While I realize they're not McDonald's, I think a small side of salad greens could be included with quite a few of their menu items for what they charge. Even salad greens as a garnish...No seating and so-so food does not make another visit likely.
5	Finally I made it here!  It is hidden in a shopping center near walmart and a bit tricky to find, it doesn't even have a sign.  But it is totally worth the search! Like a magical treasure hunt that leads you to the emerald palace.I have been craving some vegan comfort food and this place is all about that!  yup, even us vegans need some yummy belt loosening comfort food.First of all the guy working the front was super friendly and helpful.  I was so overwhelmed by the options I thought I was going to have to order one of everything but he helped steer me in the right direction.  I walked away with the buffalo chicken cheese steak and a side of mac & cheese.  My eyes were bigger than my belly and it filled me up with leftovers to spare.  I like it hot and the buffalo steak did not disappoint.  The mac & cheese was great as well, they put corn in it which I thought was a nice touch.Truth be told I'm addicted and will surely be back for more!  Thank goodness I don't live closer or it may become a problem.Thank you zizis for satisfying my vegan taste buds and belly!
4	The first time I had Zizi's was actually to pair up the beer I was going to have at the Wine Vault. I got the buffalo chicken to share with my boyfriend, he got the philly cheese steak, and I got the spicy southwestern. Considering we were craving something fried, savory, and very mock-tasting, it was perfect! I couldn't believe how similar the textures of the meat were compared to the real thing (my boyfriend and I completely switched gears from meat eating to straight vegan a little more than 2 months ago). Anyhow, as we were eating and savoring every bite we were just so thankful to have found a vegan place in general here near Concord which is where we recently moved down to from NYC. We have been back to Zizi's several times and yeah I have to agree it's definitely not the kind of food you should be incorporating in your daily diet, hence, the fried-ness, saltiness, etc... Yet that is just the choice you have to make. You could choose to only have this food every once in a while to satisfy your fried cravings and you will be just fine. I also like the fact that the place is very humble looking. I know that to a lot of people they'd rather just say it is straight up sketchy but I prefer to describe it was unpretentious. I like that. Also the fact that it's a "mom and pop" shop so to speak, small, private owned, local, etc... The prices are good and I love their huge Vegan Pyramid displayed in the shop. I give Zizi's 4 stars for what they were trying to go for and for the effort they took to getting there.
4	Awesome food and awesome service. The workers at Zizis are very friendly. I've been there three times now taking my vegan friend. Once on a groupon, once on a living social, and once with no discount. The food all three times has been delicious and I've tried multiple basic dishes on the list. I've also gotten a smoothy with each purchase. I would recommend to them to increase the size of the smoothies, ~$3.50 is a lot to pay for a cup even though it's a natural smoothy. They are a surprising five star establishment in my opinion. The reason I won't give them that fifth star is because of their seating situation. They are basically a "take out only" type place, which isn't a secret but it's deffinately disappointing. The only option for seating is one two person table outside. Their location is mostly the reason for this. There is no room inside to put any seating so unless you want to eat at the counter you better hope no one is sitting outside or you have multiple people.
4	We have been on the road for three days now, moving from Scottsdale, Arizona to Carrboro, North Carolina. Zizis made us the best meal we had along our route. I had the BLT wrap with hummus, and my husband had the Philly cheesesteak. We each had a smoothie. All for around $22. What a bargain!
5	The spices placed on the dishs drives your taste buds wild. Love this place for a quick snack on the go.
4	i was quite satisfied with my buffalo chicken cheese steak sandwich. Buffalo taste was excellent and combined with the onions, soy chicken and whatever else was on my sandwich, it gave no impression of being vegan. i've had some crappy chicken want-to-be substitutes, but this was good. Most definitely will be trying Zizis again. It's the only real vegan option in Charlotte that seems to offer a nice variety of veganized food choices. i did not have to deal with ordering or picking up our meal since it was brought home to me, so no commentary on staff friendliness or what not. i will say, it is easy to pass up the entrance as we tried to go on a Monday (NOT OPEN ON MONDAY!) and turned into Wal-mart, giddy up, u-turn. So, Zizi's is one for one in my book, so far so good.
4	Thank God for vegetarian fast food!! Just because you're a vegetarian doesn't mean you wanna be a health freak all the time... and amen to Zizi's for coming to the rescue! Totally vegan menu with top notch ingredients to fulfill your comfort food craving.I would probably eat here every day if it were closer. The location is not so great. Zizi's is located in a small brick shopping strip on Hwy 29. If it's your first time visiting, beware: there is no store sign visible from the road!  I usually make a stop here anytime I visit IKEA. Zizi's is carry-out and delivery only. Make sure you call ahead, food is always made to order and usually takes between 10-20 minutes to prepare, depending how busy they are. Decent sized menu for such a small location. My favorite are the sub sandwiches. The wheat bread they're served on is soft and chewy, mmmm.My Favorites: crispy fish sub, philly cheese steak, chicken cheese steak (or the buffalo version if you're in the mood for something spicy!), chicken salad sub or wrap, soy chicken nuggets, berry blast smoothie, my boyfriend's favorite is the tempeh blt wrap with hummusNot a big fan of: meatball sub, desserts
4	Let's not kid ourselves, this isn't vegan health food. This is get your mock meat sandwich on and be happy food. I've tried a few of the veggie entrees and they're just not what ZiZi's does well. Go elsewhere to get a plate full of wonderfully cooked veggies. Go here when you want something a little fried, a little sinful. I've tried several different things on the menu now but the real winners are the chicken tenders, the buffalo chicken sandwich and the spicy wings. I could eat the wings daily, seriously. Please call your order in ahead of time. You don't want to sit in their hot waiting area on a summer day (feel for the employees) and speedy isn't the name of the game here. The delivery service is outsourced and while handy, makes the process take even longer. I do hope they look into a better, easier to get to location.
5	come back to nj!!!! i miss all the good food u had, buffalo chix cheesesteaks, chicken cheesesteaks, chicken salad sub, meatball sub, general tso chix, salads, desserts, and soooo much more that i miss pigging out on!!
4	I liked this place. It was nice to have some fried vegetarian options. I had the Cajun tofu strips which were great and fries.
4	After a failed attempt at finding Zizis on Sunday, I managed to locate it today for lunch!  I ordered the Baked Chipotle Tofu wrap.  I wanted to add avocado, but they were out.  Once I got back to the office, I inhaled the wrap without ever taking two looks at it.  DELICIOUS!  I will definitely eat here on a regular basis.  I wonder if they deliver to my office?
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a while.  And while I'm not vegan, I do love all things vegetarian for the most part.  However, I'm not a fan of faux meat, so I didn't order anything of the sort.  What I did order was the Grilled Veggie Sub (on gluten free bread). My satisfaction far exceeds my expectations.  I had no idea this would be so tasty.  I also ordered a smoothie and this is the reason that I only give this place 4 stars.  I phoned only minutes after they opened for the day and the young lady who answered the phone was extremely pleasant and helpful with my questions about the sandwiches, however when I asked for the Brain Power smoothie she told me that she had no smoothies for the rest of the day.  I questioned this a couple of times and she was able to whip up a Nyia's Island smoothie, which was quite refreshing.  My disappointment was that they have 8 smoothies on their menu, open at 11:30 and I called at 11:45 AM to be told they were out for the day.  I love fresh ingredients as much as anyone else, but that's a little extreme to only have 1 of 8 options.  Therefore, my only critic would be to make sure they plan ahead and at least have more than one option for the day.Two thumbs up for taste and pleasant staff.
4	I am vegetarian and have never eaten meat in my life. I love this place. I have no idea what the real stuff tastes like but if this is what I have to "settle" for, I am A-OKAY! A couple of times, my philly cheesesteak has been a little watery. But it's not a big deal when I think about the fact that I can get healthy, delicious, vegetarian-friendly options. As a vegetarian, and someone who LOVES cheese, I think it'd be great if there were a cheese option other than the vegenaise stuff. Not saying it's bad but I'd really love some real cheese on a philly cheesesteak. I usually just go home and throw some on there and melt it anyways though. I would suggest ordering ahead of time, if possible. It usually is about a 10-minute wait and their waiting area is very small. It can be hard to find the first time. If you're driving north on 49 (N. Tryon), it's tucked in the back of the shopping center on the left past the Wal-Mart & Taco Bell. Other than those few small things, it's fantastic :-)
3	First off, this place is take-out only with no seating area, so bear that in mind. It's also very tricky to find. As far as food goes, we both ordered the eggplant curry. You could tell they used high quality ingredients that were prepared well, and the portion was hearty (which was good, because we were pretty hungry). Flavor-wise, however, it was bland. It was undersalted and, in general, had very little flavor (even when ordered "spicy," which wasn't spicy so much as slightly cinnamon-y). The folks running the place were very friendly, and I like supporting small, local businesses, especially vegan- and veggie-friendly restaurants. I think with a little bit of refinement, the food here could be great.
4	I was surprised by the take  out only but it works. Quick service and it was hot when I got back to Hville where I was staying. The Tempei steak was great and the mac & cheese was amazing steamed veg too. Good seasoning and price.
5	This little place is amazing it has decent menu for being all vegan and includes smoothies and desserts everything my group of 4 had was amazing!!!! Don't know why the bad reviews.... I wish there were more vegan places by me especially good ones
3	There is nothing like a good smoothie! Initially, I requested the energy smoothie they were out. So I opted for the brain power. The smoothie was good but at $4 I need to be SuperSized not given a 6oz cup :-(. I will try them again but if quality does not equal quantity no more ZiZi for me!
5	Stopped by this amazing place on a road-trip from Maryland to Georgia. The vegan wrap I got was so incredible that I had to go on the way back to try something else and sure enough, it was equally amazing! Never thought I could enjoy some of the entrees they have (like BBQ chicken wrap, Philly cheesesteak) since I became a vegan but I was fortunately proven wrong. Wish there was one of these in MD!
5	The limited special General Tso was delicious, a tasty way to celebrate the special day! Happy Belated Father's Day to all the Dads/Fathers.
5	This is the most amazing vegan food I have had to date. Such great food, it's hard to believe it's vegan. Will be back again, and again, and so on. The chicken cheesesteak is to die for. I kept looking at it again and again while eating because I couldn't believe it was vegan. A bagillion stars!
3	I have enjoyed several meals at Zizi's since discovering them through an article in Creative Loafing.  Lots of choices and portion size is good.   I've tried ordering in advance a couple times but it didn't matter.   They still prepared my order when I arrived,  which other than being strictly takeout,  is my main gripe--they are very slow.  I appreciate the selection,  location,  quality,  and attention to detail but I'm not usually operating on island time!  They could be so much better with a little more focus.
4	My favorite vegan place in charlotte.  Was there for a conference and i got my vegan fix from this awesome place.  Loved the avocado wrap they had. It really hit the spot. If you're vegan, this is the place to go. I also had the falafel wrap and it was yummy.
3	As a vegan in the university area of Charlotte, I do have to get creative when eating out. So, I was very excited when I discovered Zizi's. I've eaten here several times. I really love the Philly. The eggplant curry is also great and the collard greens are fantastic.However, the customer service really leaves something to be desired. Whenever I call to place my order, the lady on the phone is very rude. Also, they have a very poor concept of time. There have been a few times when they say "it'll be ready in 10-15 minutes" and I end up waiting 45 minutes to an hour for my food....and that's for take-out... It's way longer if you get delivery. It's the closest vegan restaurant to me, so I'll still eat here from time to time, but the poor customer service is enough to make me not want to give them my money anymore.
4	This place is not playin'. Everything that I have gotten here has been fresh and delicious. I'm glad to find somewhere with such an extensive vegan menu. It is in kind of an awkward shopping center but it's really not too difficult to navigate. The staff have been very friendly each time I have been. I'm excited to try more of their menu in the months to come! Definitely call ahead though because everything is prepared made to order.
5	I cannot remember the last time I had buffalo anything thanks to the wheat and dairy and meat all up in it. But tonight I had the buffalo chicken philly on gluten-free bread, and Oh. My. Gawd. It was so incredible. GF breads have a tendency to be meh, but this one wasn't bad...especially when smothered in onions and faux chicken and buffalo sauce that actually tastes like buffalo sauce. The sandwiches come solo (and their fries aren't gluten-free...what up with that??), so I ordered a side salad. One friend who also got salad reported the balsamic vinaigrette was delicious, but I was so stuffed from the sammy, I didn't have room for my salad. My other friend got something faux-meat with mashed cauli-potatoes with gravy and mac and cheese, and he raved about it. The restaurant was hard to find (it's not by the Wal-Mart, but in a tiny strip on the other side of the KFC), and it wasn't even obvious where it was when we were nearly on top of it. The inside was really hot (outside in August was cooler), so we stood in the sun while we waited for our order, but it didn't even take the 15 minutes we were quoted, and they brought the food out to us when it was packaged. Excellent customer service, and even the customer in front of us couldn't stop raving about how much he loves this restaurant. I will definitely be back the next time I come to town. It's not often I have the opportunity to choose from multiple offerings--with zero alterations regarding my GFV limitations--and it was such a pleasure to not only have so many options but to enjoy the one I finally settled on.
4	The food here is fantastic! I am not a vegan nor a vegetarian, but the food they make here is far beyond garden bland. The texture of their faux meat is pretty good and the food is packed with flavor. This place is really small, and mainly just a take-out place, but they do have a few tables if you insist on dining in. I am giving this place a 4 out of 5, because it takes FOREVER to get your food. I recommend calling in your order ahead of time, otherwise you could be waiting for a while.
4	We like to Yelp our way across the country, finding places off the beaten path to eat while we breeze through cities unknown. And you know how it is when you're driving long distances, the intestinal upset that occurs when you repeatedly fill up on fast food and sugar. As we approached Charlotte, our tummies begging for lunch, we decided to find a wrap place not too far from the interstate. And that's how we came to find Zizis, a fantastic little vegan sandwich shop with tons of GF options available.We both had the falafel with veganaise, fries, and a coconut/almond milk smoothie and we left feeling full and good about having made a healthy meal choice. The place is just a little difficult to find, not easily visible from the street and tucked away in a shopping center that is perpendicular to the road. But once you find it, you'll find a tiny takeout shop with friendly staff and helpful information about the merits of a vegan diet. So you get lunch and you learn something!
3	I've tried zizi's twice while visiting Charlotte.  The food is ok.  I am vegan, and it's great to find vegan options, but this place is kind of disappointing.  The food is kind of middle of the road tasting.  Last time we ate there, my husband and I both felt sick afterwards.  The people that work there are not friendly at all.  Both times I've been, we had to wait a really long time for our food.  If you want to try a great vegan place in Charlotte, go to Bean!
5	BEST VEGAN FOOD on the PLANET.When people go in and ask which dish is good, I just can't help but laugh and say EVERYTHING. This chef has perfected the art of creating vegan meat. I LOVE everything and am addicted to carob shakes and the chicken parm sandwich. But the absolute best dish they make here is the southern fried chicken, yams & collard greens. The first time I had it, I went back the next day & ate it again.I have not yet had the pleasure of eating here for breakfast or Thanksgiving, but it sounds deliciously tempting.
4	Hubby and I were in Charlotte for the week and prefer vegan restaurants. It was fairly  easy to find off the expressway. It's a cute place. Everything is made from scratch. They offer plenty of GF options. Our wait time was about15 minutes but worth it. It's a tiny place with little seating but were able to eat inside since it was past the lunch rush. No public restroom.
5	Tried this place out today after class. I got the buffalo tofu wrap, it was amazing!!!! Also got a smoothie with flaxseed. Loved that they had almond milk as an option, most places just have soy milk as a dairy milk substitute. This place has a couple tables but it's more of a to-go place which is perfect for me! :) The wrap didn't come with a side which I thought was kinda strange, but it was enough for me... Could kinda get expensive if you don't think just a wrap is enough to eat. Definitely try this place out!!!
5	Lawd! I've died and gone to vegan heaven. It's a shame that there aren't more vegan friendly places around Charlotte but that's what makes places like Zizis stand out. I'm still exploring their menu but so far some of my favorites are there "fish" and chips, "meat loaf" and "chickn parm". Man o man! The flavor of this food is amazing and I'd be cheating you if I didn't tell you to order the fries with the "special" seasoning. Normal fries just won't do! Biggest tip of all is to CALL YOUR ORDER IN. It'll save you some precious wait time because it takes longer than a minute to make amazing vegan food! Thumbs Up!Sincerely,One Happy Vegan!
5	Traveling for a living can be daunting when you are trying to maintain a Vegan Diet. It can tax the spirit to go to the South of the USA and know it's more about fast food, deep fried, boiled, bar-b-q'ed it's smothered in fat. Well, that leaves little room for hardy, home spun Vegan foods. Things are changing in the South, but the options are few and far between. Since Travel is part of my new pursuit that includes finding places that please my palette not just my spirit of adventure. The last leg of my trip was to fly out of Charlotte North Carolina after a month of traveling the country. I was to meet two acquaintances there on business, they both flaked and didn't call or show. So, so much for that business contact. I digress, but they are dust to me as bad food is to my senses. During my last two days in Charlotte I looked up some options for Vegan food on Yelp. I found ZiZi's Vegan Take out the night I arrived after a long drive from Asheville. I was happy they had take out and they were Vegan. The only criticism is that it was almost impossible to find this little wonder from the road on a dark night. After 3 passes I finally discovered the restaurant. I feel they need a good sign on the Front of the Strip mall building or nearer to the street. However, I did find this place and it was a bit of a drive from my hotel, around 4 miles. Though it was an adventure to find Zizi's I was amazed at the flavor and texture of the food. They have such great choices from unique dishes to some that are more traditional and replicate comfort foods of the South. I took the food back to my hotel room and enjoyed a delightful meal. The next day I returned and ordered more food, ate it right there and then ordered more to take on the plane back to LA. I met some other people that came in for lunch and we talked about the amazing choices on the menu. I finished my lunch and began to collect my food for my flight. As I began to pay for my 3rd meal the owner ZiZi himself waived my credit card away and smiled and said no charge. This man, not only gave me great service, he gave me an amazing experience to remember for life. The food was worth my adventure to find the place on my first night in Charlotte, but it was the kindness, great service and generosity of the owner I will always be thankful for. I do plan on visiting Charlotte again some day. I hope ZiZi's has grown, but also is flourishing when I return.  This travel professional and Entrepreneur gives this little hidden treasure an A+ and two thumbs up.
5	I'm not vegan by lifestyle but I love vegan food (go figure) and this is some of the best in Charlotte.  The Philly Cheese is delicious and just plain fun.  The chicken salad is awesome.  I really like that the menu items are named for familiar dishes even though, of course they are meatless.  The seitan in the Philly cheese gives a very satisfying texture and mouth feel.  The location is little bit out of the way for me or I would go more often...
5	Food is great I've been vegan and gluten free for a while and heard about the selection of food they had very hard working people if something isn't go your liking you will not leave u satisfied today I ordered a chicken philly cheese steak on gluten free bread I liked it so much for lunch I got it for dinner as well I was craving a chicken steak sandwich and this place is beyond phenomenal if you haven't done so check them out!!
