5	When you are starving for a sammich you want capriottis! The food is real not like those corporate sandwich spots. I would say this is one of my top five favorite eateries of Sin City.  They have a grill so there is a hot and cold menu. They are vegetarian friendly both hot & cold options. I'm pretty sure the bread is made on site. The Turkey is really good. However, It's their specialty sandwiches that make this place remarkable. I love the Capastrami. It's more or less a Reuben on hero (grinder, sub, whatever you call it.) bread. My girlfriend likes the Bobbi (sp?) it's thanksgiving on a sub, complete with the cranberry sauce.  You can't not love this place!
4	I had heard great things about Capriotti's, so I really wanted to go, because I heart sandwiches! They have a strong menu of favorite's and some more innovated things. I had the Bobby, which has really shredded turkey (not deli sliced), stuffing, and cranberry relish. This is something I wouldn't necessarily choose, but I heard it was really good. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked it. The stuffing was delicious, and the turkey was waaaaay better than deli turkey, and the cranberry added the perfect touch ( if I had it again I would have added brown mustard b/c that would make it a 5 in my eyes)
5	This place is soooo gooood!  So, me & a couple of my buds are strolling around the outlets in Vegas around noon and we get hungry.  What to eat?  We want to get something not too filling cause we're gonna get our grub on at a prime rib joint later on that evening (see prime rib restaurant review).  My friend Albee thinks of the perfect place (he knows about good food).  Capriotti's Sandwich Shop!  We all order the cheesesteak and it's tasty!  The rest of the menu looks good too; I can't wait until I get to go back and try the other sandwiches.
5	"Thanksgiving in June..."Dude.. Why is everyone keeping this place a secret from me? They know I jones for a good sammich. They know I need my sammich fix. And they know how I get down after Thanksgiving Day, cause leftover turkey is the business. So today I didn't feel like eating pre-sliced and pre-stacked lunch meats served to me, and others, like we are in an Elementary School Cafeteria. So I went here with the expectations of it being similar to a Jersey Mike's or something. As soon as I read the menu, I was like "Wait!!!... REAL Turkey??"...I didn't go with the Bobbie.. I went here on lunch, and dozing in a 2pm meeting is just not cool... So regular one for me with ALL the fixins. First bite and I'm trying to get to the kitchen so I can Hi-Five the little lady breaking down 15lb BUTTERBALLS all-day. She deserves a gold medal and a sticker... Needless to say, I was very satisfied.. So lose the process meats and come here instead.. Cucumbers don't belong on a sammich anyway.. And I'm going back tomorrow to try a Hot Sub...
5	Loved it. Outstanding customer service, great food and yummi brownies!
5	If you go in, get the BOBBIE. Major props to Mick who made our sandwich. The guy is a wealth of information about hiking through California and totally took the time to point out some must sees on our drive up through Yosemite.  Take the time to talk with him, you won't regret it.
3	I had a Capastrami sandwich today. It was really really  tasty. One thing that I hated about the place is that its not comfortable for eating there. The thing with Jasons Deli is that the place itself is really cool and one can go with friends or family. Not with Capriottis.  Athough the food is superb, you have to take it home.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE Capriotti's. For a while I was worried that I was addicted to their "Bobbi" sandwich... but  over time my addiction resolved itself and I grew to have a healthy relationship with Bobbi. We also enjoyed the Hot Italian.
4	I love the 3 sandwich size options here, and the eggplant sandwich was quite tasty.  Vegetarian options are always a plus for our large group of people, so everyone had something they liked in our large order.  This place has just the right vibe for a good sandwich shop.
4	GOBBLE GOBBLEIf you're ever yearning for some thanksgiving food before thanksgiving definitely try this spot out and get the "bobbie"Turkey, Stuffing, and Cranberry Sauce in a sandwich. It was very flavorful and was definitely a good hang over food lol oh plus if for someone you feel a little lazy call them up they deliver. The 20'' inch subs are good for 4 people but even after that you still want another..thats how good their sandwiches are. I will definitely come back when I get back to Vegas. Peace Yelp Heads!
5	Boyfriend and I were starving during our trip to Vegas and I looked up Yelp for a good sandwich shop. I didn't want to go someplace we have access to in CA. The guy who took our order was really nice, everything came out perfect, and was delicious. Not very expensive, very filling. Will definitely go back the next time we're in Vegas!
5	One of the few remaining REAL sandwich shops in America... this one in particular has a great staff that's fast & friendly. I think I may be clinically addicted to their sausage sandwiches!
4	The sandwich platter that we got was like Thanksgiving wrapped into a bun. Turkey, Stuffing and Cranberry. It was great. 4 Stars LV a truly exceptional sandwich.
4	This is a great sandwich shop and the owner is so personable.  There is soon to be 20 of these restaurants in California.  Many in the San Diego area.  One currently in Beverly Hills.
1	Disappoining, rude to kids. Heard great things, lots of great reviews, and recommended by people I trust, but not somewhere I will go again. Employes were disinterested and barely short of rude when helping us.  Ordered turkey (dry), pastrami (indistinguishable from the cole slaw dressing), and grilled cheese for our 2 kids.  The crack head taking our order said no problem, but when they rung it up they charged us for 4 full sized sandwiches. I'm not cheap, but $5 for plain grilled cheese? Sandwiches were big, but bland and lacking in flavor. Seem more interested in quantity than quality, and their seating is insufficient. Employees look like they are all on parole, and interactions mimic what I imagine a prison cafeteria line to be like.  Will not go again, do not recomend.
5	I guess this place is somewhat of a chain. One of the best turkey subs I've ever had! Pulled turkey that is flavorfull and tender. Many other options, even vegetarian options. As opposed to whats on the strip, this is your snack destination...
4	I love this location. The food is great( try the chicken cheese steak!) and the staff is friendly. The guy that makes our sandwich is awesome! He remembers my bf and I when we come in..think his name is Justin...anyway the only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because they leave their tables dirty, other than that.everything else is good!
4	I showed up last minute for a catering order.  The staff was able to throw my order together very quickly and get me on my way.  The quality was consistent with their usual high standards. I am grateful for the great food and service.
4	Wow, I'm so excited to have found a really good veggie cheeseburger. I know right? A veggie burger at Capriottis? I was scratching my head too when I saw this on the menu. Didn't even know this was on there. But I'm thrilled that I got it because I've had veggie burgers at other places and none of it were as good as this one. What I loved so much about it was that it didnt fall apart so easily and it wasn't bland at all. I had Justin add some grilled onions, mushroom, tomatoes, lettuce, cheese, and mayo and ketchup--all that in between the kaiser buns and it was veggie cheese burger heaven..yum. It was also pretty big for a small order so I saved the other half for later. Also a bonus: the price! It only cost 4.50! Plus the service was, as usual, awesome! One thing though that stil needs improvent was the cleanliness of the tables. It just needed to be wiped down more. There were crumbs and grease left over from previous patrons. Other than that, everything was gravy!
5	HOMEMADE TURKEY SANDWICH. I cant even describe how delicious this sandwich is. Make sure to mention that its your first time there and you get a FREE BROWNIE!!!
3	My sister already warned me to expect the sandwich to be cold because the first time she ate it, she was expecting a hot sandwich. We ordered The Bobbie, which is basically a Thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich: turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce. It was good and wish I had more cranberry sauce in my portion. The sandwich would get 3.5 stars.My reason to round down: I came with a group of 7 and half of them had to go to the restroom. We claim two tables to sit and I was at a table that sits two, thinking no one else would sit at the other chair because I'm here. Not true. You would think if someone is sitting at a table, you'll find a different spot or at least ask if he/she can sit there. Well not in this case. This guy just sat down and his friend was standing between us. I didn't really care to begin with because I'm thinking they're just waiting for their to-go orders. Nope. They got their orders first and started eating at the table I claimed. The guy standing placed his sandwich in front of me (although, I had my back to them) like it's his spot. WTH... So when it was our turn to eat, we had to hold it in our hands while those two jerks got the table.
4	I have eaten a Capriotti's a couple of times now. The sandwiches are very good. I have had the Bobbie and the Capastrami. Both are delicious. Capriotti's is a good cheap dining option while in Vegas. Even though it is a little off strip it is worth the drive. I enjoy picking up a sandwich each time I visit the Vegas area.
4	They have some of the best Philly's in town..
4	If I was basing this review on my last sandwich, I would give them 2 stars. But I usually love Capriottis so I gave them a pass.I usually get turkey or italian or ham and cheese. Well I got a Cheesesteak, I've heard all of this raving, and haven't had one from Caprriottis in years. Yuck!, thats not a cheesesteak! It has big chunks of meat, like they chopped up the meatballs or a cheeseburger. No sir I don't like it. It wasn't even good if they would've named it something else. I'll stick to what I like, no more Caps Cheesesteaks for me. I'll go to Caps for their Yummy Turkey. And go to Pops or Geri's for my cheesesteaks.
5	Cuz a foot isn't long enough!!!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1bALsE6aZE23mGV2WPxN_g?select=anOeubumuKq8jHiIMbHi3wI had my first taste of the Capistrami in Vegas and was so excited they opened a location in Beverly Hills, but after coming to this new location, i am reminded that i still like the set up in Vegas the best. It feels alot more family run and friendly here.Place your order first with the cooks, grab your drinks out the fridge and chips to munch on, and pay at the register. Be generous and give them tip for their Beer Fund! I've enjoyed the Bobbie and the Slaw Be Jo, (the philly is too spicy for me), but i still love their Capistrami the best. This time we got a 20 inch of that, and 12 inch roast beef Slaw Be Jo. They have tastykakes here, which i have yet to try and i love their potato chip selection. If ur tired of buffet gorging or don't have enough money left to keep splurging, and had enough of Sonics, I def recommend trying their pastrami! * about 7 min from the strip a little past the Palms
4	Tried the cranberry and turkey sandwich with stuffing and it was pretty good. For someone who doesn't love the cranberry turkey combo, I was definitely converted off this sandwich.Will return!
5	My go to sandwich shop on my trips east I go for GENO's in Philly. My go to sandwich shop on the west coast now is CAPRIOTTI'S!!! My best friend who has lived in Vegas most of his life, swears by this sandwich shop, so I decided to stop by on a recent trip to Vegas from Los Angeles. Having never been there I researched their menu and the Bobbie always seemed to pop up in every conversation. When I got there I wasn't in the mood for turkey so I got the next best thing the Capastrami: hot pastrami on what seems like a french bread type loaf, russian dressing, and coleslawThere are different sizes and that will determine your price: you can order a small (9'' about $5-7 bucks I believe, medium (12'' about $6-9) , or large (20'' i believe about $12 or so)I was hungry but I wasnt HUNGRY so I decided on the medium size...Sandwich: The capastrami was AWESOME! The creamy coleslaw paired with the slight natural saltiness of the pastrami was AMAZING. The russian dressing was just an added plus.Got a side of chips and an bottled ice tea. The chips were just ordinary bag of chips went well with the sandwich. Learned they opened a location closer to home in Beverly Hills, CA ...so can't wait to go as matter of fact planning a trip for thursday hahhaa.
3	Large portions. Took a long time to get my sandwich and little seating at the shop. Definitely a call-ahead place.Had the grilled italian. Great flavor! Would definitely get again.
4	Great food but not a great location. The sandwiches are great, for east coaster's they have Tasty Cakes, and the service is pretty prompt - but the restaurant is just so SMALL. I came in with four friends and had to stand for 20 minutes for a table to clear out. We left one table to grab our sandwich and another patron swooped in and took it! My advice is to get it to go.
4	On Sundays "Great Boa" is not open (missed that memo), so I was left trying to find a quick lunch before heading to the airport.  Luckily Capriotti's was nearby and completely empty.  It was like 1pm and I ordered a 12" Capistrami with no cheese.  Delicious!  The pastrami was tasty but not overwhelmingly salty.  The slaw, and I'm not usually a fan of slaw, was light and sweet and crispy.  And the Russian dressing was not overbearing but made the whole thing creamy and juicy.  But the best part of the sandwich is the bread.  I really liked the spongy soft roll - it's not like a typical flaky roll that breaks apart when you bite in.  I'm happy to report my sandwich stayed together until every bit of it was in my belly.  Oh, and half of the sandwich filled me up great, and I ate the other half at the airport hours later.  Not a bad way to spend $9.50 at all!
5	I decided to try this place because I was looking for a good sandwich.   Looking at all the reviews everyone said to try the Bobbie.   I'm glad I listened to all the reviews because the Bobby was a great delicious sandwich.  I'm from San Diego and just found out they have a location near my house.   WOO-HOO
4	What took me so long to finally try Capriotti's?  I'm not sure why it took so long for our paths to cross, but as fate would have it, we had an office Thanksgiving party and I was fortunate enough to meet the Veggie Turkey.For Capriotti's in general:I am highly addicted to Capriotti's at the moment.  Which is odd because I'm not usually a sandwich type of girl nor do I particularly care for fake meat.  Something about this particular sandwich, however, has me got hooked.The bread has a nice little crust on the outside while still being soft and chewy.  The toppings are always fresh.  There is a perfect balance of ingredients- not too much lettuce (like most places will do) and not too skimpy on the "meat" and cheese.  The sweet peppers?  They have opened me up to a whole new sandwich experience.  I l-o-v-e me some sweet peppers.The employees are super friendly and I can't recall any problems with any of my orders.  Plus you can sometimes get $3 off your next order if you get a survey on your receipt!I've also had theVveggie Cheesesteak and it really wasn't for me- too much fake meat.  It tasted fine I just couldn't handle that much fake chicken.  I think it would be a really good sandwich for someone who is a newbie vegetarian.My only gripe with Capriotti's is that they don't offer free water.  I think it should be required that every restaurant has free water for their customers, but unfortunately that's not the case.  I really, really hate paying for an overpriced bottle of water.For this particular location:The employees are great and they are pretty fast with my order.  The store can get pretty messy though and there aren't a lot of places to sit down and eat your sandwich.  It's probably best to just pick it up from here and eat elsewhere.
4	Capriotti's sandwich is made with great tasting meats with added salt to enhance the flavor. Be careful, if you don't respect the sandwich you'll get addicted to it like I did when I first tried it.Bread options are slim to none, maybe that's because I don't specifically ask for it but you usually get the white bread.Inside of the sandwich is just filled with tasty meats but are a bit salty, but you can't really notice it. It gets you right underneath the tongue. The meats are of higher than average quality and you can really taste the vegetables. Texture is soft and easy to consumeExperience of it is worth the try but can get busy at this particular place, so call ahead if your hungered. Take it easy capriotti's won't be going anywhere with it's great tasting sandwiches.The desserts they offer is mediocre, I can get a similar cake at a liquor store. I got the Chicken cheese steak with mushrooms, other times I get the regular cheese steak. The Cran - slam club is an experience worth eating for, a sandwich that's out of the ordinary.
4	You can never go wrong when it comes to the quality of Capriotti's sandwiches.  Excellent customer service, food is prepared in a timely manner and it tastes great!
4	Had the meatball sandwich the other night, ordered to-go.  Very good sandwich, sauce and meatballs had a very good flavor.  Very nice people working in the shop.  I will be back soon.
4	On a Saturday afternoon, I had the 12" bobbie for 8.18!- The most popular sandwich is the bobbie. Recommended by employees. - Tasted like a Thanksgiving sandwich. Cranberry and turkey!- Feeds two!- It's like a viet sandwich, but italian style. both baguette! - Get your receipt. Do the Survery. Get $3 off your next sandwich!
5	My all time favorite is the Slaw Be Joe (roast beef, slaw..) OMG.. do DELISH!!!
5	Amazing. New spot for when I go to Vegas
5	This has got to be one of the best sandwiches I have had in a long time. I had this for lunch while visiting Vegas on a business trip and wanted to go back for the same sandwich for dinner. I ordered the Bobbie and wow it was like Thanksgiving rolled up into a great sandwich. The sandwich consists of Thanksgiving style hot turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce. Awesome concept for a sandwich!
4	I liked that it was real turkey on the sandwich. The guy saidnthat it was pulled of the Turkey every morning. The chesse steak was also really good. I had to give them a 4 because I asked for mustard and they didn't give me any so my Turkey reminded me of Tuna. Overall I would recommend this place
4	I hate it when you go to a sandwich shop let's say for example subway and they skimp when constructing your sub. Once upon a time a friend of mine worked at subway and I did not know it was physically possible to put that much meat in a sandwich until he manned the counter. Ahhh good times and Capriotti's keeps the good times rolling.Shared the  12' Capastrami and seeing as I was extremely reluctant to order a sandwich with a large amount of cole slaw I can say that I was thoroughly converted by the Cap. The meat was plentiful and the combination of the pastrami and cole slaw was superb.As I suggested they really load the sandwich and give you a bang for your buck.Biggest drawback is it's no where near the strip out in no man's land. My friends and I dropped by upon leaving a none of your business weekend in Vegas.
3	We came here for a quick bite before leaving Vegas after reading the rave reviews, but I must say it's a mistake to come after eating at Earl of Sandwich the day before. I had the highly rated Bobbi but didn't think anything special of it (probably because it was cold). We were the first ones there after opening but it still took a good 20 minutes to get our sandwiches. Going to Earl's instead next time!
5	I'm obsessed with Capriotti's. I never really liked to eat sandwiches but after eating here I am officially a sandwich fanatic!!! I eat here about once a week and order something new each time. My favorite is the Philly Cheese steak with grilled onions (Soooo good). It truly is as good as it gets! Perfection.
3	Love the sandwiches, wish that they would put mash potatoes and gravy on the Bobbie!!!!!
5	Ta-ta-ta-tastyyyyyyy!!! If you want a stellar, tasty, affordable lunch to nurse that 'party-too-hard-the-night-before' feeling...you MUST try Capriotti's.  The spot is clean and staff is super friendly, though it's a little off the beaten path it's worth it! I highly recommend the 'Bobbie' &/or the 'SlawBeJoe'
3	Cute little sandwich shop behind the McDonalds on Decatur & flamingo, small but still kinda cozy, the people that work here are cool and friendly. I got a small meal (the Bobbie meal) so the price was cheap... they don't have sprite, coke, Pepsi, just Mountain Dew & 7up. They don't have any 'name brand chips' here either which isn't a big deal at all to the norm but if your a foodie like me... I like to have my variety of flavorful chips. I wanted to see what all the buzz about the Bobbie was about, I liked the combination of cranberry, stuffing, turkey, & mayo (because you can't even taste the mayo) but it honestly wasn't a wow factor. It was a good meal with okay prices, next time ill bring my hot sauce bottle. P.S. they don't carry avocado.
4	Banged out my order with a quickness! Good sammies and we'll be back. However, the guy at the cash register was a bit of a rooster.
5	Awesome now
5	I'm going to take it on faith that the bobbie is just as good or better than the sandwiches I've tasted here - the capastrami, the philly cheesesteak, and the slawbejoe.  And all three of those are top tier.  And among the three, the Slawbejoe stands out.  It's got to be one of the best variations of a roast beef sandwich I've had. The meat was tender and flavorful, and the cole slaw and Russian dressing complemented it nicely.  The capastrami is the same deal except with pastrami, still A-1, but the combination just worked better with the roast beef.  I normally not a philly cheesesteak person, but here, the steak is juicy and flavorful, and it's got just enough of a kick to it for me to enjoy it.The portion size match the prices, and the taste goes above and beyond.  If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular.
4	The Bobbie, the BOBBIE!!! One of the best sandwich spots in Vegas, IMO.
4	How do you know when you in a real East Coast kinda sub shop?  When you open the door and all you smell is vinegar!  YUM!!!!  I had the pastrami sandwich and it was delicious-quality meat, good bread!  What more can you ask for?Will I come back?  Hell, Yes!
5	Amazing subs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!24/7!! Good prices. Just don't expect to get fries to go with that sandwich.
4	Love their catering trays. Whenever I show up with these sandwiches, I get an appreciative and attentive audience.
4	I've only been to Capriotti's on a hand full of occasions, but I do enjoy them more than most chain sandwich places in town. The service has always been friendly when I stop by and although they are a little slow, the sandwiches always come out tasty. I'm not a fan of the infamous bobby, but I always end up with one of their hot sandwiches or turkey. I do wish they have more toppings to choose from like avocado, but for the most part, this place is a good spot for a quick food fix and the sandwich sizes are ridiculous.
5	Best sandwiches in Vegas.  This site always makes sure my order is made exactly how I want it.  They get a bit busy at lunch, so calling in or ordering online ahead of time is a good idea.
5	Just ate here for the first time after a night out drinking and let me just say that God is real; this is seriously the best sandwich place I've ever been to. Get The Bobbie!
1	This was horrible. I've never waited 20 minutes for a STUPID SANDWICH!!!! 2 dudes behind the counter and it was 25 minutes from the time i walked in til the time i walked out, not busy at all.
5	This is probably one of my favorie sandwich places. I've only had it twice but I'm coming back for more! Make sure to try the Bobby. It's literally thanksgiving turkey dinner on a bun. Cranberry, pulled turkey and goodness.
5	Love it! - totally fresh take on sandwiches. The ingredients are awesome and the bread is incredible.  Turkey is real not butterball slices. The mix of white meat and dark meat is super good.You have to try it.
5	I love this place. I crave the capastrami wayyyy too much. I recommend you sandwich lovers to dine here. Worth it!The service is great as well!
5	I will never go to another sub shop if there's a Capriotti's within driving distance.  Quality food, quick and efficient service, and courteous staff.  My favorite is The Bobby (light on the mayo) and I salivate as I'm thinking of it.  Today is Memorial Day and the husband's cooking steaks on the grill but I secretly wouldn't mind if we just went to Capriotti's instead.
3	Apparently they are known for their pastrami which was good and their thanksgiving turkey sub. that was w.e, Cranberry jam or something on the sandwich. These sandwiches sucks when they are cold and they get hard. (no pun intended) It was a decent meal, 20 inch sandwich for like 11.99 or 12.99 The pastrami was pretty decent but when in Rome, do as Romans and go all out and get something better =] Not bad if you're on a budget though.
2	I think the guy behind the counter was new. He had to ask me what I wanted three times and my name twice and still got it wrong. I will not be returning to this location.
4	Capastrami, Capastrami, Capastrami!A local chain that is decent. Tried other items including SlawBeJoe and The Bobbie, but those were not as good as Capastrami.Also, small is the new large here. I always order small and can't finish.
2	I always make a point to visit this restaurant when I come back into town, but I normally visit a different location. That said, I will not return to this location again.I wasn't greeted for several minutes and after many attempts at making eye contact with any of the 5 employees behind the counter. After I ordered, I walked over to the register to pay (no one else is in front of me at this point). The guy behind the register didn't say a word but looked at me and walked back, not to return for about 5 minutes. Another customer was behind me and equally confused - we decided we were supposed to wait until our food was ready to pay. Eventually the guy came back and I got my food a few minutes later. Overall, it was an awkward and annoying experience that I have never had at any other location. The only reason I gave this location 2 stars was the food itself. They did get it right and it was amazing as usual. Get the slaw-be-joe and thank me later.
4	The Quality is Good, the prices can be a little Steep. I lived behind this place for a year unaware it was here, might want to advertise location a little better.
4	Sandwiches are inventive, but turkey's a little dry. Bread was probably fresh in the morning, a lot "chewier" by 3pm. Nothing Bundt Cakes got replaced by some tasteless imitator brand. Working in a service industry, I always cringe when there's a Tip Jar for employees who don't interact with customers. Keep it behind the registers.
4	I really enjoy all sandwiches from this joint, but at this particular location, I'm disappointed with service.. My husband and I always order from here, especially my husband. He goes there regularly on Sundays before his shift begins. Several times my husband would not be able to go..so I take on the mission to pick his order up. Being a woman, I tend to have several errands to run, so I enjoy calling in my order ahead of time, but when I call they have the phone off the hook and it seems I get a busy signal. So by the THIRD time, I go in and there's 2 customers ahead of me. When it's my turn, I show the manger (female) my phone with number, and I ask her if this is the correct number she says yes. I dial, and I let her listen... She hears the busy signal and I explain that I have been trying to call for the last 30 minutes!! Again...this is the third time on different days.Then she says that they do it because they are to busy to answer the phone. I asked her for the owners number, but she wouldnt give it to me or take my number. So, now we have to find another place for business due to their lack of wanting to do business on the phone. Sorry you're so busy. I guess business is so good that you guys can careless of phone orders.
1	Im hosting a party and ordered $70 worth of sandwiches... get home and they are all wrong... no cranberry means extra cranberry to this girl... im so pissed.. never never ever again... you guys just completely ruined my day... this incompetent girl who took the order needs to be taught how to take an order check it and give the customer what they asked for...
