5	OK - I have been very sad since Franco pulled out of the Esplanade and moved his cuisine to NYC. I found out yesterday he was back and my wife I and I promptly went there for dinner last night. The service was great, food exceptional and as you might expect Franco was there a working the restaurant with his passion for customer service to create a wonderful dining experience. It was such a delight to order a meal that was very tasty and well portioned. The wine list is also fantastic. They have $20 bottles that go great with an Italian meal as well as some pricier bottles if you are so inclined. Franco, we are glad to have you back!
5	Wow ... Francos back. A dream come true ... Even had dinner at his restaurant in New York ... Leave room for the Merenghata, you won't be disappointed.
5	What can I say. Franco is back in town and is serving some of the Best Italian around. I was a frequent diner at his past restaurant. From start to finish spot on. Great feel and intimate dinning room. A great value. We will be returning.
5	Franco is like a whirling dervish. What an energized engaged  owner. The food and service is beyond reproach.   The veal osobuco was outstanding, Cesar  salad was very good, but could have used a touch more garlic. The veges were a great addition to the meals.  The Bistecca WOW.  Terramasu  was great.  The wine list could used better sangioveses  an upgrade but I am sure that will come with time.  I will come back.
2	The newspaper gave a great write up about a local chef who came back to open a new Italian Restaurant. It doesn't feel like a traditional Italian restaurant since no lasagna, eggplant , or parmesan are on the menu. The menu is like going thru  gauntlets since they don't talk about the sides (or the prices), so it is up to your imagination as to what you get with your entree and what the price is. Bottom like - VERY MEDIOCRE and no where near the hype....We can do much better at the Italian Grotto
5	Served by a 70 something year old who's still really passionate about everything that goes on a plate. It's a beautiful thing. Casual, small place with great service. Homemade pastas, grilled calimari app was really good. Just great neighborhood feeling Italian spot.
5	Highly recommended!  Just went this past Sat night.  You better have reservations!  Seafood risotto and lasagna (only mild complaint was I wish it had more cheese and less meat).  Mr Franco is very nice!
5	I heard this place was a welcomed return to the  neighborhood so my wife and I checked it out last Saturday night; we were so happy that we did. We started with a suggested appetizer and a nice glass of red wine. The appetizer was delicious; a great selection of cheese, meats and some grilled artichokes. The menu offered classic Italian homemade pastas and how could I resist; even our waiter was Italian. We were both too stuffed for dessert but we will be back to try some.
5	The guy who mentioned that the Italian Grotto was better was demented.  Francos is well priced, very good food, not the junky regulr Italian food but refined Italian food like you get in Italy.  Prices VERY WELL PRICED, small intimate.  The owner has such passion, he is allover the restaurant helping and greeting people.  Where can you get a 3 course meal for two with a decent bottle of Italian wine for less that a $100. Go its worth it.Italian Grotto makes me laugh
5	5 stars / 5 stars / 5 stars etc.  The King Franco is back in Scottsdale and we ought to change the name of Scottsdale Road to Franco's Road.  Simply the best in AZ in every way shape and form.  No one in town can compete with his veal and pasta!!  The competition is all trying to figure out how to deliver NY quality Italian food and they all fall way short of Franco.  Yes it is a busy place but where do you ever see the boss working his tail off 6 days a week making sure each and every patron is completely satisfied.  We dine there every week and the complete staff is super friendly and truly wants to see everyone enjoy the experience.  If you know what high quality Italian tastes like then you will arrive with a smile and leave with a bigger smile.  One of the TOP SECRET dishes that comes out of the kitchen is the Orrechie Elephante - pounded breaded veal chop (EJS style).  This will be parmigiana style with his outstanding Bolognese sauce.  After this dish you will never need to see his menu again.  Go make your reservation immediately!!Eric S. - Scottsdale
5	Franco is back!What a great evening!Enjoy his new place.
5	A fantastic place. Was very busy, but the service was perfect. The owner greeted us. The waitress was very charming and attentive. We ordered and were pleased with the food presentation and quality.  Jim said that the sea bass was the best he has ever had. I had the homemade ravioli with tomato basil sauce. Dessert was excellent. A keeper!
5	Wow...what a wonderful place! It was a bustling Saturday night but the service was impeccable, the food  fantastic, the wine spectacular, the owner charming, and the ambiance perfect. The pasta was to die for... freshly made and absolutely delicious. The quality can not be beat. The sea bass was so flavorful and cooked to perfection. The pork was tasty as were the side dishes. The meal was capped off by a great espresso and yummy gelato. Thank you Franco for a lovely evening.
5	Oh my goodness, its almost been 24 hours and I am still thinking about the delicious dinner I had last night.  I honestly cannot remember the last time I had such an amazing dinning experience.  I've definitely been to some of the nicer places in Scottsdale and while Franco's may not be as flashy (which gets very old, very fast) everything- from the ambiance, the wait staff, and ESPECIALLY the food was amazing and unique.  It probably helps that the restaurant is family owned and the owner is actually on-site- making sure everything is perfect.  There was literally not one element that I found less than satisfying, the olive oil was extremely fresh, the pasta to die for, and the porterhouse was probably the best I've ever had (and oh my goodness, don't even start me on dessert!)  I would be more descriptive about what I ate but I can't properly spell it all- all I know is that the pasta I ate was named the strangled priest (English translation) and the sauce was a recipe given to the restaurant's owner from a lady who lived on a mountain top in Italy. The environment is very un-Scottsdale.  This is the kind of place you'd envision a character in a romantic comedy taking his date in New York or San Francisco... small, intimate, and charming but it's family friendly as well.  It can get a little loud but that just adds to the familial air of the place. I could still hear my dining companion throughout the evening, so it was not bothersome at all.  Highly, highly recommended!
5	We had dinner last night, table of 3. Had wonderful memories from his previous places.  Did not disappoint.  From the start a friendly and gracious welcome by Franco to our table, attentive service, delicious food.  Place was almost full by like 6:30 pm.  We loved the antipasto plate done with different cheeses, fruit, tuna, etc. I had the salmon which was delicous-everyone raved about the desserts--I tasted.  Great food and fairly priced.  Booking a must.  Can't wait to go back!  Also the place is done very nicely--reminded me of my trips to Italy--so save yourselves the plane tickets and go to Franco's.
2	Called for take out because it was really good last time I was in town. Sorry...we can't help you. We are too busy. Try again later. Really?  Wait, the last time I was in town the weather was bad and they had plenty of time for someone willing to brave the weather. I know other restaurants with similar ratings that would have handled this situation a lot differently. Just disappointed...I expected more.
5	When we walked in Franco himself greeted us and asked us to pick our table and he surprised us with a very generous plate of thinly sliced prosciutto and cheese. We also received a bread basket with at least four kinds of fresh bread and very high quality olive oil. The menu is interesting and does differ from other Italian Restaurants I've been too but I also wasn't expecting the very long list of added specials to choose from.We started with the Grilled Vegetable Plate that included a variety of vegetables with the most delicious mushrooms I've ever tasted.Next we shared one of the house made pastas it was the Fettuccine Tartufo. It really was a WOW dish. The sauce of Black Truffles with some olives was addictive and I found myself sucking the insides of my mouth to keep tasting the sauce. It's not the kind of sauce I normally like but this one was light and not heavy for what it was. The pasta it's self was very thin and light but still had some body to it.For dinner I had to choose the Halibut special since it is in season now. I was presented with a great plate of well executed food. The halibut was very moist and fresh and was on top of the most simple but most delicious tomatoes with basil I've tasted in a while and it had a little kick to it too. The plate also came with two vegetables and very dreamy layered creamy potatoes. Everything was seasoned so perfect I couldn't say it was too much of something or not enough of something else. My husband had another one of the specials that was a Veal Scaloppini Dish with a well made sauce that contained cherry peppers. We tried the Merenghata it a semifreddo between a crisp meringue. The center was cold and like whipped cream and ice cream and the meringue was like a crisp cloud. It seemed very light and was easy to eat.SIMPLE, fresh well prepared food priced very reasonably.Franco personally thanked us for coming.You have to do valet parking because they don't have a parking lot. The valet cost $5.00 before tip. This place is small and busy so you need a reservation.
3	Just went to Franco's this past Thursday.  Very good service and friendly.  Glad to see the owner greeting customers and helping serve the tables.  Unfortunately, the dinner was good, but not spectacular.  We started with the grilled calamari and the polenta appetizers.  The calamari were four small pieces placed on some arugula.  Polenta was served with gorgonzola and is less firm than I am used to.  The polenta came after the calamari and was not as warm as it should be.  Probably was sitting for a bit.  For dinner, we had the veal chop, the rigatoni special and the seafood risotto.  Seafood risotto was probably the best out of the three.  All good, but not great.  Risotto was just right and creamy.  Rigatoni was made with a chicken and leek ragu.  Pasta was cooked al dente as it should be, but the dish was a bit too dry.  I don't like a lot of sauce, but this was not even enough to flavor the whole pasta.  Dish was a little bland.  The veal chop was cooked to my liking, but was not as tender or full of flavor as I would expect at this restaurant.Still waiting to find a really good Italian restaurant in this town
5	We went to Franco's on Saturday evening and had the most wonderful meal.  I love veal piccata and when the waiter mentioned that, although it wasn't on the menu, they could also do a veal piccata, I was thrilled.  It was the best veal piccata that I have ever had.  The balance of the veal, the lemon and the capers was so perfect.  Wow! I had the pasta erbe Aromatiche and it almost tempted me away from the veal.  I'm going to have a hard time deciding what to have the next time we go!  Love it!
5	Another wonderful meal with added bonus having Franco greet and take our requests for dinner. Sublime figs with goat cheese and prosciutto. The shrimp and lobster spaghetti was excellent and my halibut was perfectly prepared...so often fish is poorly handled and overlooked. Perfectly moist. The side vegetables and au gratin potatoes were perfect.   For the earlier reviewers who whined about take out (really?) and not being impressed are in a distinct sub minority of the chronically unhappy diners who can never find what they want.  Good for us who can continue to enjoy Franco's charm and comfortable service.  Oh I have not even mentioned the value.  A complete experience.  This is #1 in my book for total experience.  Enjoy!!!
5	We had a wonderful evening at Franco's.  The staff was knowledgeable and friendly, and the food was delicious.  A special place.
5	i've been going to this place for years! the owners are always in front greeting people and are super nice guys! the food is awesome. lunch is a better value than dinner but is still completely worth the price.
5	Awesome food and great service!
5	I eat here all the time, it's the best Italian place I've found since leaving the east coast. It's always fresh the menu changes and I always see the owner busy working the tables. The service is impeccable, and has been the same since I started going there. The red headed waitress that's always there is personable and professional. I'd highly recommend Franco's but make a reservation it's always packed.
5	We discovered this gem when my husband's rental car broke down in front of it thanks to a messed up fuel filter. Franco and David welcomed him inside out of the 106 degree Arizona heat and made sure he was hydrated and comfortable even though he wasn't a paying customer at that time. That won my respect immediately since this restaurant is known for being quite upscale and posh. They could have easily left him out there and been irritated by the "inconvenience" - instead they were understanding and caring.Hubby, after reading the menu and being a true lover of all things Italy (having been there, not lying, 40+ times during his career in the Navy), made reservations so we could celebrate our pregnancy graduating to the second trimester over a romantic dinner.We got there, were greeted by the hostess and Franco. David sat us immediately and we were served bread and perhaps the most amazing high quality olive oil I've ever tasted.We started with the Caprese. The mozzarella was incredible. HUGE pieces of incredible flavor that melted in your mouth in joy inducing deliciousness. Fresh basil, perfectly ripened tomatoes, PERFECT greens lightly touched in a refreshing vinaigrette. Hubby ordered the salmon Cesar salad. I ordered the House Mista. Both of us were in absolute heaven with our respective salad choices. They were simply exquisite. Nothing cheap. Huge. For dinner? Hubby ordered the ricotta and spinach Ravioli with a tomato basil sauce. I ordered the Fettuccine in meat sauce.... There was a lot of bliss to be had. The tomato basil was loaded with chunks of resplendent roasted garlic and the ravioli large and stuffed beyond compare with an amazing filling worthy of awards.And when I tasted my own fare? Angels sang. In my mouth. The flavor note are dramatic, but light. They're refreshing and crisp and fail to be the assault that Sicilian food tends to hold.... Trust me. I LOVE Sicilian, but Franco's offers true north western Italian flavor. Florentine flavor. Unique in every way and fantastic in the way that it's bucked and broken free of the often mundane Italian food stereotype of Chicken Parm and pizza. No. This was heaven, packed and perfectly presented as art, on warmed white plates.We HAD to have desert after this. Had to. I the Merenghata which David touted was Franco's grandmother's own special recipe. Hubby? Indulged in the Tiramisu; Franco's own mother's recipe.The flavors, like everything else, were bold and beautiful. The Tiramisu light and soft, the Merenghata sweet and lavish, it's frozen core refreshing against the hot Arizona evening. All in all? 5 stars. I wish I could give it 10. I wish I could give more and do more for this restaurant for it's truly a gem and perhaps the best Scottsdale has to offer. If you haven't tried it? DO IT! You have nothing to lose and an experience that pleased every single one of your senses to gain.And to Franco and David? My eternal thanks for taking such good care of my husband when he landed on your doorstep. You have our business for life.
5	Yep! Believe the hype on this hidden gem!The staff is as good as the food, attentive from the valet to the waiter/waitress and bus help.  And Oh! My! is the food good, if you want a place to call home, you can do no better than Franco's
5	Great!  What a wonderful evening of delicious food and a warm and welcoming environment.  The food was undoubtedly all home made - pasta, sauce, and creativity to develop wonderful and tasty dishes.  The owner - Franco, was present for all aspects of the evening - greeted us when arriving, directing staff, serving dishes, and thanking us for dining there!  The servers were all friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.  We had the artichoke salad, veal special, ravioli, and pasta and meat sauce.  All savory with flavor.  To top the meal we had a great selection of wine and not to mention a wonderful meringue dessert -  We were stunned when we got the bill - it was reasonable! We will most certainly be returning!
5	We enjoyed this restaurant.  Franco went out of his way to accommodate us without reservations.  The wait staff was attentive and provided great service.  The entrees were plentiful and delicious.  I ordered the orecchie elefante and my boyfriend ordered the veal scallopini.Wonderful presentation and fresh flavors.  And it's true about the olive oil, the best we'd ever tasted!We'll be back to try the pasta.
4	This is a great restaurant with lovely atmosphere.  It sits right in the heart of old town Scottsdale and we were so pleased to speak with Franco and discover that he is a real Italian from Tuscany and his food reflects this fact.  The service couldn't have been better.  Franco generously brought us out some prosciutto, salami and a delectable place of veal meatballs with a yummy tomato sauce.  I had the Orecchie elefante which was perfect and my family had homemade pasta in a marinara sauce which was also delicious.  He has very good prices on wine.  Some bottles are only $24.The restaurant is both casual and elegant.  The food is delicious and the service was friendly and efficient.  What's not to like?
4	This restaurant took me by surprise. Franco was actually there greeting customers and the place was packed.  The food was fabulous, really authentic and creative at the same time.  However, the biggest surprise was dessert.  As it was my birthday, I planned to order the Governor's chocolate cake.  Franco suggested I try his grandmother's secret recipe so we ordered both.  The grandmother's cake tasted like a combination of ice cream, cake and meringue that was honestly one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth!  Franco later told me he has been offered $20,000 for the secret recipe for the cake but he has never given it away.  I can see why, sensational!
5	we came here on vacation and this place is amazing. between 4 of us we all had something different between the ravioli, fettuccine, erbe and chicken contadino. We all  loved our meals. Homemade everything and Franco is so nice. Service was great as well. we will definitely be back next time we visit.
4	Very Good meal.   Service was very attentive and friendly.  Food was delicious.  My wife had the veal chop and it was very good.  I had the the punted chicken and vegetables.  All tasty and fresh
5	Went to celebrate my dad's 90 th birthday. We were 10 at one long table and it was comfortable and quiet.  The waiter and staff were very attentive.  Never have I been to a restaurant that has so many veal dishes.  Wonderful food and lovely service.  Everyone left full and satisfied.
5	I was especially happy to have been able to finally dine at Franco's because I've been trying to get into this restaurant for months!  But I always think of it too late and when I call for a reservation they're booked up. And Franco never fails to sound extremely disappointed and sorry that he can't fit us in. Nice problem to have.Anyway now I can see why. This place does everything "primo". They gave us a lovely plate of extremely good provolone cheese along with salami and soppressata on the house. I don't know if Franco sent it because it was our anniversary or because I told him that I'd met and worked with his lovely daughter Emma (we're both actresses) or if he sends this treat to everyone. I didn't query the other diners to find out (though I wanted to). But it was amazing! One thing I know EVERYONE gets is the basket of crusty bread and high quality, almost nutty olive oil for dipping. The wine list is also excellent and reasonably priced. Even the Caesar salad stood out, down to the quality of the bread used to make the croutons and the pepper. I don't think I've ever noticed such a difference in black pepper before! For my entree I went with the pounded veal chop topped with fresh chopped tomatoes and herbs. I'm not usually a veal chop girl but this was pounded so thin it was like a cutlet. It came with a side of fresh veggies but for $3 more you can get a heaping plate of pasta too. Definitely a deal. I had the homemade fettuccine. Yum!My groom chose the Frutti di Mare special which included fresh tuna and calamari and was served over squid ink pasta. He is usually a veal chop boy so I shared some of my generous portion with him. For dessert Franco sent over not one but TWO desserts on the house, along with an anniversary candle. Awww. We got to enjoy some tiramisu and a dreamy cheesy family recipe concoction. I also had a double decaf espresso (which our attentive server David called a "why bother?") made with beans from the nearby Coffee Roasters coffee shop in Scottsdale. So awesome! The only negative I can say is the bar didn't have the makings of a chocolate martini for me. But it's probably best I stay away from martinis anyway. I cannot wait to go back! And maybe now that summer is approaching and snowbirds are leaving, I'll be able to get in even if I forget to make a res a week in advance!
5	This is definitely the place to go for the most amazing and delectable authentic italian you've ever had! Franco is the most wonderful host to the evening and we always feel like family when we eat there; which could never be too often! Last night we enjoyed the bruschetta and pasta trio of pesto, aromotiche, and tartufo for our appetizer round. The flavors are out of this world! Although my hands down favorite is the tuna mostardo dish, I went with the bisteca last night. It was cooked perfectly and mouthwateringly delicious. Now I have a new favorite! They dry age the meat for 18 days for the best quality and flavors possible. Make sure not to leave without trying the merenghata! I was introduced to this dessert at Franco's and now it's my favorite sweet treat ever! Best italian in phoenix! And easily the best I've ever tasted. This place is a must-see for every food lover out there!
5	I'm usually not impressed with "Italian" restaurants, but this is by far the best Italian restaurant in Scottsdale. The food is amazing, the service is top notch and the overall atmosphere is very inviting. This has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in old town. I highly recommend trying this place, you will not be disappointed .
3	Great local place for authentic Italian cuisine. Very attentive service staff. Try the tutte mare excellent.
5	This place is great for individual dinners or for groups, I recently ate here as part of a group. Sometimes restaurants don't do as well with groups,but this was not the case. Everything was great. Dishes came out on time. My halibut was perfectly cooked. Super place!
5	My favorite Italian restaurant! Each time I come here I become more and more impressed! Franco is so wonderful and inviting! The food is so wonderful! Fresh, full of flavor and just delicious. I would recommend everyone trying this gem! The service is awesome, very attentive and friendly staff! They always have wonderful suggestions if you can decide what wonderful entree to pick! Lovely atmosphere as well! I can't say anything negative about this place!
5	This is the best Caffe that I have ever been to ever...1. The best Italian food that I have had hands down no question.2. The owner even though it was a full night found us a table and even gave us a free Antipasta. 3. If you have any question on going here don't just do it. You will not find a more down to earth staff and owner anywhere in Old Town.
5	I don't eat Italian much but, I will be back here really soon. This spot has it all, great food, nice setting and great service.The appetizers were nice but, the veal scallopini was phenomenal as was the penne.  The prices were reasonable for the high quality of the dishes. Without question, the waitress was a 10. She took time to carefully explain each special and was meticulously careful when taking our somewhat individualized orders.  It's been a while since I had a server this good. Thanks, Diane. Only one negative: valet parking was the only reasonable option.
5	So delighted that we stopped in here tonight! The meal was outstanding! It is a smallish intimate place with white table cloths and retro art on the walls.Our waiter was attentive and very efficient. He brought ice water and served a wonderful assortment of bread with delicious dipping oil.I order one of the many specials Veal Scalopinni with fresh vegetables all cooked to perfection. The potatoes were broiled crispy on the hot side just like my Grandma used to make. The veal ha a nice spicy kick and yes I has to resist not licking my plate!For dessert we had to share. Piece if Mascarponi Cheesecake garnished with perfect strawberries. Yum!Love this place!
5	Excellent food and attentive staff! Enjoyed dinner with a group of seven. Everyone loved their entree. The only argument was which dessert was best?!?  Order several and share! We will definitely be back!
5	Hands down the best italian food I have had in Arizona!! The location has great atmosphere! I would definitely recommend them. I ordered the seafood risotto which was delicious they also had some great specials and very knowledgable staff!
5	Had an amazing experience here this weekend. I live for Italian food and can say this was some of the best I've had. Not to mention Franco was an absolute gem - started us off with prosciutto and cheese, topped us off with some limoncello - made the first dining adventure that much better :)
5	I had an amazing experienced at Franco's! Service was impeccable, food was so delicious and timed perfectly. The prices were also very reasonable! I'll be back for sure! So many other things to try on the menu!!
5	Can't say enough great things about this place.  The ambiance, the service, the food.  All GREAT.  Definitely deserves 5 stars.
5	By far best Italian food in the area. Perhaps best Italian food I have had in my life. The hospitality by Mr Franco makes the experience even more memorable. Veal and halibut were exceptional. Dessert screams "yummy."
5	This restaurant is incredible. Mr. Franco personally sees to each table ensuring the perfect dining experience. The atmosphere is charming and romantic with a nice window, dim lights, and a quaint dining area. Make sure to make a reservation for the weekend! The food was AMAZING. From the bruschetta to the steak to the flour less chocolate cake, I cannot say enough good things. The steak was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth. The chocolate cake was to die for! Living in Arizona, good Italian food is hard to come by, and Franco's is a home-run. I can't wait to go back!
5	Everything here was great start to finish. The ambiance is warm and inviting, the food is homemade and delicious, the service was friendly, knowledgable and attentive. I would absolutely come back here. Listen to the reviews, it's well worth the stop in.
4	Really good meal with superb service!  As frequent eater of Italian food, I can vouch for Franco's.  I give the food 3.5 stars and the service 5.For my entree, I tried the linguine with clams in a red sauce.  Pasta was cooked to perfection and complemented with fresh clams (which I always love).  While I thought the entree was good, it could have used a little more sauce and flavor...didn't see any fresh garlic in the dish.In comparison to other restaurants in the area, the portion was on the smaller side but still adequate by all means.  But this is the case with most restaurants that pride themselves on the quality of their food instead of their portion size.The restaurant has a good selection of Italian wines by the bottle and glass.Overall, I had a great experience at this restaurant.  The friendly atmosphere and excellent service truly distinguish this restaurant from others.Franco's is definitely 1 of the top 2 choices for Italian in the Old Town area.This place is always busy and fairly small so reservations are highly recommended (especially towards the end of the week).
5	Amazing food, amazing hospitality! Definitely a fantastic choice. Franco is awesome & it was a great evening!  Highly recommended!!!!
5	Small, intimate dining with outstanding food and service.  How can you really get any better than this???  My boyfriend introduced me to Franco's recently (he has been dining here for many years) and I have to say I have been completely blown away with the service and the amazing food.  It's so yummy...it's hard for me to decide what to order.  I have tried both a veal dish and a lamb dish.  Both have been perfection!  Dave, our waiter..is an absolute professional and a delight to have as our server.  Franco also stops by to check on us ...I mean, seriously....who does this any more?  I love it!  You are not going to find a better atmosphere in the heart of Old Scottsdale. Please don't pass this restaurant byThank you, thank you, thank you.!!!
5	Omg....we loved it.  Excellent knowledgable service.  My lasagna was probably the best i have ever had.  Franco greeted us at the door.  Valet parking to make it simple they are in a busy part of scottsdale.  Great idea.The salad was a special of the night. Artichoke salad over a bed of arugula with endive chips and shaved Parmesan it was delightful.  My husband at the house salad with was just a basic green salad with light Italian vinaigrette it was great too.Play has been ordered the shrimp Penny and he enjoyed it very much. They use real Sisley Italian recipes we just thoroughly enjoyed it. Great atmosphere great service great food great night.
5	I decided to pick Franco's for my birthday dinner on October, 30th, 2014.   All I can say is that they went above and beyond my expectations!  There were two tables of about 8 each and they handled both without a problem.  The waiters were amazing and very patient.  They explained any questions we had about the menu very thoroughly and always had a smile on their face.  The food was excellent. I highly recommend the lasagna!  Everyone loved what they ordered.  But the best part of the night is when they dimmed the lights, brought out 3 desserts on a plate  and sang happy birthday!  Franco's hit it on the nose.  Excellent service, quality food, and great atmosphere!  We will be back!  Thanks for making my birthday special!
4	I visited Franco's for the first time this week in Old Town Scottsdale.  It's located right on Scottsdale and Drinkwater so you can't beat the location.  There aren't a lot of small, traditional Italian restaurants in the area so this already gives Franco's one leg up.  The ambiance is small and intimate but also somewhat noisy and crowded since it's a tiny restaurant.  The service is great!  The waiters are older, well experienced in the food industry with a great understanding of the menu items and nightly specials.  The menu is very traditional Italian because there aren't any descriptions the items.  The waiter will reveal several nightly specials which all sounded superb and I recommend ordering one of the specials if they sound good to you.  I have a sea bass special with roasted tomatoes and spinach. It was so delicious!  One of the best fish dishes I have had a restaurant.  I also had a marinated artichoke salad to start which was great and tasty but probably not memorable.  The bread basket isn't worth your time so just save room for the main course!
5	Omg....we loved it.  Excellent knowledgable service.  My lasagna was probably the best i have ever had.  Franco greeted us at the door.  Valet parking to make it simple they are in a busy part of scottsdale.  Great idea.The salad was a special of the night. Artichoke salad over a bed of arugula with endive chips and shaved Parmesan it was delightful.  My husband at the house salad with was just a basic green salad with light Italian vinaigrette it was great too.Husband ordered the shrimp Penny and he enjoyed it very much. They use real Sicily Italian recipes we just thoroughly enjoyed it. Great atmosphere, great service, great food ......great night.Franco also threw in a piece of flourless chocolate cake because it was our first time visiting it was out of this world. Thanks Franco's!!!
1	I took my wife to dinner based on reviews.  The staff was very nice and the decor very pleasant.  Unfortunately, the meals were just this side of awful.  The ravioli tasted very bland, pasty and store bought.  Half of the dish was boiling hot and the other half Luke warm.  My wife's squid ink seafood pasta was totally overcooked.  The seafood was rubbery and tough.  Both dishes were dry of sauce which did not help.  A very disappointing first and last visit.  I wouldn't recommend It.
4	What can I say about Franco's that hasn't already been said?  It is cozy, popular and in a good location in Old Town Scottsdale.   My husband enjoyed the orecchiette with wild boar ragu and I enjoyed the ravioli.  They both were generous portions, the pasta was homemade and the sauce was divine...absolutely tasty!  The service was impeccable and the owner stopped by a few times to make sure we were happy with our meal and the entire experience - nice touch!
