3	Not where you want to head for lunch or dinner if you're looking for flavor or substantive food of any kind.If you're like me, you may find occasion to steer yourself away from greasy burgers or deep fried things, and may end up here from time to time. You won't feel sick afterwards, or anything at all really, because it's just sort of like that. The price goes up at dinner for the same non-descript mass that they serve on the buffet lines, so if you do go, save a couple bucks and hit it up at lunch time.
3	I like this place!  Others have complained that the food is bland, but I beg to differ.  The lunch special is a good (not great) deal for 8 bucks, and the salad toppings are bountiful.  No - you're not going to find extraordinary quality here, but for those days when you can't make up your mind between a few different places - its a good spot.Go for the soups.  There will be six or seven of them, and I suggest you try at least two.  On their menu, they list over 100 different soups that make the rotation and they're creative.  While I've only been here once, the day I visited I found one vegan soup, and two other vegetarian offerings.  All were very good.  My buddy told me the mac n cheese was good, too.My chocolate muffin was great, too, and the frozen yogurt was a nice surprise.  The foccacia was a bland disappointment, but overall - not bad for the price and exceptional when you just can't make up your mind as to what you want to eat - but ya gotta be in the mood for soup...
5	I don't care what people say. I love Sweet Tomatoes and I always will.I've been coming to this location since it opened at the Pavillions several years ago, and every time I'm out in AZ to visit my grammy, Sweet Tomatoes is a mandatory stop on the tourist to-do list.The salad bar is extensive--anything you think you'd want to put on a salad, they've got it. How can you go wrong? In addition to salad, they have 8 different soups daily (which, I will admit, vary in their tastiness, but are altogether better than decent) and they've got their various pastas and breads, etc. I like the cheesy focaccia bread (sp?) that tastes a little garlicky. There is more than enough good food here to fill you up to your own personal happy point, and they don't promise you gourmet food. This is a cafeteria/buffet type place, people. What's with all the expectations? You get what you pay for, they don't pretend to be something they're not--I love places that are what they are and don't apologize for it. Plus, they put out regular coupons, so automatically take 15% off that "pricey" price.I don't think you can go wrong here. I'll be back next time I'm in town!
4	As far as salad bar buffets go, I find Sweet Tomatoes to be well above average.  My pet peeve at salad bars is wilted or brown-edged greens.  I've eaten at this location many times and the produce has always been fresh-even in the salads that are already prepared.  I also love the soup selection.  There are 6 or 8 to choose from-some staples, some new ones each time.  I've found every soup to be pretty good.  If you've never been to a Sweet Tomatoes, there is also pasta and pizza, potato bar which includes baked SWEET POTATOES-yum, a variety of breads, and dessert of course.  Sometimes they bring warm cookies to your table.  Table service suffers during busy times, but never too bad.I think this is a great place to go when it's either too hot to cook, you're not in the mood to cook, or your husband has to eat immediately or he turns into a lunatic without warning.
2	I really don't get this place.  I am a buffet freak.  I'll go to a buffet in a dark alley with no lights if they promised all you can eat crab legs.Sweet Tomatoes is more like a senior hangout.  Well more like a place that has a lot of promises but no follow up.1 - They guarantee fresh.  HA!  Most of the veggies looked like they were past ripe time and sitting out all day.  The tuna salad tasted like funky chicken (if you know what I mean)2 - Variety.  I disagree.  You start out with a huge salad bar and some of the veggies are on there twice (sorry but beets shredded and diced is not variety)  Then you have soups, nasty pizza and jello.3 - Reasonable price.  No way!  $13 per person (with drink) is not reasonable.  I think Golden Coral has twice as much variety and half the price at lunch.Bottom line, don't go here.  Even if grandma wants to go and she's paying, just say NO.The only reason this place got 2 stars is because of the friendly service.  They were even willing to refill your drinks for you.  But that's no reason to go there again.
3	Stopped into this stylish, comfortable Sweet Tomatoes today for lunch.  There's always something new to try here, & today's exciting item for me was "Joan's Broccoli Madness with Bacon"  This was a raw broccoli dish that was really tasty & different!  My other favorite things today were the Albondigas Locas Soup, the Chicken Dijon Soup, & here's a surprise:  the Pepperoni Pizza!  Yes, it was good!This is a nice lunch at a fair price:  $8.39, $7.55 Sr.
4	When I want to gorge myself on salad, breads, and pizza, this is where I go. Delicious.
3	Hmmm...I just realized that I may have to cut back on starting my reviews with 'Ok, so let me start by saying...'...that being said...Ok, so let me start by saying that this review is slightly tainted...*tee hee hee*I have been feeling under the weather for a little over a week, so after I wandered listlessly into work on Tuesday my friend suggested we go to Sweet Tomatoes for lunch so I could get some soup. Sounded like a good plan to me. So we go through the salad bar then up to the register to pay (weird set-up, why not pay first or pay last? Why pay in the middle? I don't get it. Why are you trying to confuse the sicky girl? It's just mean!) My lunch was about $12 (did I just get charged like $4 for a drink? I dunno, maybe I missed something). That's a little high for just going to get some soup and a beverage, but we were already there, so I decided to go for it because she said they were serving albondigas soup which pretty much always throws me into a good mood. Then we were able to venture into the section of warm food. I search and search and search...NO ALBONDIGAS! :( Sad Tyger. *sigh* Shame on your website. Anywho, So I got a broth soup with a bunch of veggies...(I can't tell if it was good or not, my tastebuds died sometime on Monday) but it was hot-ish so its purpose was served. The food looked tasty, the salads looked pretty and green (except when they weren't supposed to be green ie. macaroni salad, potato salad, etc.) so I will probably give this place another chance after my taste buds recover from being fever-burnt.
5	We're visiting from Seattle and this was the first place we really enjoyed. The Mission (old town Scottdale) and Totties (Lincold plaza, Scottsdale) were ok, though Totties was on the salty side of things. This place was awesome, used local ingredients, and fresh!!!I loved all the signs placed everywhere that direct you where to go and what to do (although I probably wouldn't enjoy that if I was sick and all I wanted was soup).  So many options and so little tummy room! It was a challenge to taste everything. All the salads were fresh and tasty (my favorite was the orange chicken salad). There pasta salad were equally mouth watering. The toppings were endless from beets to pickles, to olives and garbonzos.The hot bar was equally delicious with chicken pot pie soup, clam chowder, new england ham and cheese soup (my favourite), and sides such as buttermild biscuit and corn bread (low-fat but I didn't find that out until after I tried it and it didn't taste low-fat to me at all). I'm going to miss this place and can't wait for them to expand into the Northwest.
5	Sweet Tomatoes is the buffet for anybody who is trying to work at eating healthier (or not).  Though it's primarily a salad bar, and you can get all your veggies fresh and well-presented, the wealth of other items enables you to come with a differently-motivated companion, even a carnivore.You can be good with a selection of three prepared chopped salads, and/or create your own with spinach, lettuce, broccoli, cauliflower, jicama, carrots, kidney beans, chick peas, sweet peas, corn, hard-boiled egg, radishes, raisins, crumbled blue cheese, shredded cheese, tomatoes, dill pickles, sweet pickles, onions, sprouts, bell peppers, chili peppers, croutons, bacon bits, sweet raisin broccoli salad, and a dozen different dressings.Or, you can be not so good with mac-and-cheese, or stir fried pasta and vegetables, or a baked white or sweet potato, or eight different soups such as cream of broccoli, navy bean, mushroom, clam chowder or big chunk chicken so loaded with chicken that the meat eaters can fill a bowl just with white meat.Or, you can be really bad with garlic asiago focaccia bread, or four cheese pizza or pepperoni pizza or muffins, and corn bread.Finally test your will power with tapioca pudding, frozen yogurt, brownies, hot fudge and caramel sauce, or fruit and jello.I go because it makes me think I'm being good, then give in to 2000 calories of temptations every time.
3	Pretty good buffet, quality was decent.  The day I visited they were missing some key produce due to supply issues.  Good service.
5	Love it! Who doesn't love a buffet where you can eat until you wished you had worn your elastic waistband pants? At least here you can fill your belly with good stuff. Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not in denial. There are high calorie salad dressings and mayo-laden pre-mixed salads and fried croutons, but if you know anything about nutrition you can gorge on a huge variety of veggies and leave full and satisfied. Not to mention that they have homemade soups (I LOVE the fact that their stuff is homemade) and muffins that are to-die-for. Those are my biggest indulgence. I have been many, many times and have yet to be dissapointed. We recently tried their breakfast buffet on Sunday mornings and aside from their usual salad bar they have wonderful options like belgium waffels, french toast, a breakfast buritto bar, and the most addictive cinnamon rolls. Go after a morning run so you won't feel guilty eating those!
2	Went there for lunch today and spent $11.96 for the buffet and a soda. The salad with the fresh vegetables  was good and the clam chowder soup was ok. The pasta wasn't the greatest and I didn't care too much for the bread or pizza. Overall this place is too pricey, especially for lunch. Sometimes you need to re-visit restaurants to remind yourself why you don't go there.
4	I've become a fan of Sweet Tomatoes.  This location is the 2nd location I've dined at within the past 2 months.  I love the huge Salad Bar and the Bread station.  However, the discovery of the Froyo station was the find of the day!  AYCE Salad, Bread, and Froyo?!  I can deal with that!**Hint** - Google "Sweet Tomatoes Coupons" and you'll find a ton of coupons on the web to use for discounted prices.  I took the family here for dinner and we only paid $7.99 each with the coupon....awesome!Return Factor - 100%
4	Coupons FTW Save yourself a couple bucks from the normal price for about 10 seconds worth of google searching for sweet tomatoes coupons.I like the different themes they have monthly but I do wish they would change them more often like they do in May and June. I also wish they had the french onion soup more.  As far as the salads, Iv'e never had a bad one and hope it continues like that!
3	I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants in general - but I do think Sweet Tomatoes offers a real value in "fast food". Sure the circa 1980's salad bar atmosphere is nothing to speak of, but their overall selection, quality, and freshness is impressive for the price.
5	oh how i love this chain. here's the trick though....put just enough spinach to hide the bottom of the plate, because there are TONS of toppings. that way, you're not filling up on lettuce/spinach and can enjoy all the other fresh veggies. then hit half-bowl full of 2-3 soups, then a couple of half-bowl full desserts and voila! you leave satiated and not waddling out with the bloat! and you get to enjoy a little of everything. everytime we've gone there, the food is extremely fresh and crisp. the hot area is never stale. and the fro-yo is always a delicious topper to any meal. it's deceiving though....a salad is USELESS if you drown it in dressing and croutons. so skip that part and have a chocolate muffin with ice cream instead!
3	I knew Sweet Tomatoes was a pretty major chain, and I've visited other locations before, but I just learned that there are 112 restaurant locations in 15 states... that's pretty huge!  This location happens to be a lunchtime favorite for my friend Kathy L, since it's close to our office, so we headed over here recently for a filling, somewhat healthy, affordable lunch... bonus: Kathy brought coupons that she found online which discounted each of our meals to just $6.99!We both stuck primarily to the salad bar although I have to admit, the soups, potatoes, pasta, pizzas, breads, muffins, and ice cream were pretty appealing as well.  So, the lettuce is a tad bit watery, but the buffet has plenty to choose from and everything is fresh, chilled, and kept clean.  Staff is friendly as well...This place is not for anyone looking for a classy place to dine, but if you're hungry and looking to eat on the cheap in a casual environment, Sweet Tomatoes to the rescue!
4	I love the variety and value this place offers.  And the food is pretty dang good too.
5	WOW! I had such an amazing experience here last night...I had finished some shopping and recognized the name on the sign from a yelp review I had checked out just a few days earlier.  I wasn't sure if I was in a salad mood, but the scenario was way too serendipitous to pass up.  I was a little confused upon entering on where to start, but one of the servers showed me the ropes.  He was so sweet.  I loaded up on salad!  Wonderful selection of toppings.  After that I hit up the soup bar, pizza and desert only taking a little of each.  All of this for $11? Thank you God! I wish I could eat a lot because I would tear this place up!  The servers were really kind always checking to see if I was finding everything ok.  I haven't been this catered to in a buffet ever!  Abraham is such a sweetheart!  Be sure to tip before you leave, they work hard up in there!   I can't wait to take my NY friends here when they come visit!
5	after another 2 weekends of somewhat gluttonous living, we had to come here to get our greens fix. i just love this place. the greens and fixins are so fresh. and they try to update every now and then so that you have squash or beets or jicama. the soups for the november selection were delicious and tasty, but mostly non-vegetarian. the pumpkin dessert for november was so delicious. of course we'll be back. but they do keep raising the prices...not long ago, it was only 7.99., then 9.99, now 10.99. one funny caveat, if you don't like kids or old people, then stay away. it's full of em.
3	Have been going to Sweet Tomatoes over the years and it has always been good.  Good selections, fresh quality and attentive staff.  However my complaint is they keep raising the price.  We were there recently for lunch and it was almost $9 per person and now they have added an additional charge for certain salad toppings!!!  Really?  So you must make a decision about your toppings that could add an additional $5 to your lunch choices.I resent that and understandably prices of everything keep going up, don't do that to me when I am hungry and selecting my salad choices!!!  I don't mind paying the $9 for lunch with all of the salad, soup and extras.....but don't add charges while I am going through the line!This was something new since we had been there and it just didn't feel right.  Of course ultimately I can decide what I want or don't want, but it was just not right.So, be prepared to spring for at least another $2.50 if you want more expensive toppings added to your lunch time choices.  I presume they  do this for dinner as well.
3	It comes down to this: do you think that paying about $10 for a salad bar (not including drinks) is too much?  If you do, don't go to Sweet Tomatoes.Since you are still reading this review, you are probably thinking "it had better be a special salad bar".  Well it is.  Sort of.  Here's what you are going to get:The Salad Bar Itself: this contains a large variety of items but nothing outstanding.  There are a few prepared salads and some specialities like country potato salad.  The big plus here is that you get so many choices that you will be able to build just what you want, so long as what you want is not chicken or hearts of palm, etc., for which they charge extra.The Soup Bar: this is the high point for Sweet Tomatoes.  You have eight choices, about half of which are vegetarian.  Chicken Noodle has huge pieces of white meat chicken, and there are usually at least a couple of soups that rate an A.Pasta, Potatoes, Bread: the freshest items are the pastas, which they make in small batches.  There will be two or three, but unless you think that mediocre mac & cheese is worth dying for, these are not worth looking for.  The baked potatoes and sweet potatoes are ok but no more.  They have a few breads, incuding a couple of foccacios which are not bad (I will say no more).Desserts:  This is what you get -- soft serve ice cream in two flavors and a few desulatory toppings, a couple of dishes of cut fruit, jello, and a half-dozen types of standard muffins.  They also have one warm specialty dessert each day, such as a chocolate lava cake or a fruit cobbler.  This is usually a cut above average -- try it first.  Sweet Tomatoes is a comfortable place to eat, albeit a bit crowded and noisy -- lots of kids.  It is clean, bright, and in good repair.  It is also busy, especially around 6-7 pm, but they handle it fairly well.  The conclusion -- if you are not put off by paying $10 plus drinks, and you are not primarily a carnivore, there is really nothing MAJOR wrong with Sweet Tomatoes.
5	After many hours of traveling to get from NYC to Arizona, I was exhausted and starving. All I had eaten all day was some crackers and it was the equivalent of past dinner time on the East Coast. I was so happy when my family suggested we venture over to Sweet Tomatoes.For those not familiar with the place, this place has the largest salad bar you have ever seen. It is literally the length of an entire NYC Avenue. I always take 2 plates for the salad bar as I really don't like my food to touch. They have excellent pre-made caesar salads, asian chicken salads, and joans brocoli. I even tried a pineapple coconut cole slaw this time, which was quite tasty.I enjoyed making my own salad of lettuce, cucumbers, carrots, raisins, pasta, hard boiled eggs, and asian noodles. They also have the best zesty italian dressing ever. Afterwards you have choices of soups, potatoes, pastas, and pizzas. I had a sweet potato with honey butter. It was the softest sweet potato and so sweet. I have no idea how they cook it to such perfection. The macaroni and cheese is also nice and creamy.For desert they have soft serve yogurt machines. I had vanilla with caramel syrup. The wait staff that comes to clear your plates is always super friendly and brings you fresh baked chocolate chip cookies. I cant see how anyone could not love this place and I hope to come back at least 1 more time before my trip ends.# Please bring Sweet Tomatoes to NYC !!!!
5	Had to come back again before the end of my trip.Was just as good as the first time. I will miss you sweet tomatoes and I still beg of you to come to NYC!
5	Great and fresh foods. Their soups are my favorite. Make sure to try out their chicken soup with green onion.
4	I was in the mood for a salad, so I did some yelp research and decided to check Sweet Tomatoes out. When you first walk in, you're immediately greeted with the huge salad bar. They have pre-prepared salads, and then a large variety of toppings for your own salad. The salad bar was clean, and well labeled, so you could tell what everything was. At the end of the salad bar, you pay for the whole buffet. I was with another person, so we did the 2 for $20 deal that includes 2 meals and 2 drinks. The guy told us that separately the 2 meals and 2 drinks would be $27 so the 2 for 20 deal was totally worth it.There was a separate section for soups, pizza, muffins, fruit and soft serve ice cream. They had so many soups, but since it was already 90 degrees outside, I didn't try any. The pizza was pretty decent, and the muffins were a little hard, but I didn't really have high expectations for the hot food. The dining area was very large, a mix of booths and tables. The crowd was definitely a lot of senior citizens and families. Overall, the highlight was the salad bar, so if you're craving a make your own salad place, I would definitely recommend it!
4	The salads are always hand-tossed and fresh. Unlike other Sweet Tomato's, they don't charge you extra for premium toppings. The soups are always tasty as is the pizza and pasta. The service is always friendly here. You pay a little more than other buffet's, but you get great quality of food and get to each much healthier.
2	We used to come here when I was a kid-so recently on a visit to AZ we tried it out again. Not bad-it was weird that there was a special "only if you pay extra" section of the salad bar that had the good stuff like chicken and artichoke hearts for a few extra bucks, but it ended up not mattering because we went for the 2 meals for 20 dollars route.It was fine-and the Greek Lemon soup was actually good. We were there right before it closed and a person working there gave us each a bag of chocolate chip cookies for free at the end of the night. That was nice.
5	I have been to Sweet Tomatoes at least 30 times. Does this compare to a great steakhouse for dinner, well no... But guess what this is a Salad Bar. And this is the best salad bar in town. I dare you to find a salad bar where you can get 107 different items for your salad, 5 different soups, a taco bar, a pasta bar, a desert bar. I'm sorry but the people on Yelp need to learn how to review something. If you are reviewing a salad bar you have to review it against other salad bars not gourmet Italian Restaurants. There is no way you can say the good things you say about this place and then give it only 4 stars. This is a 5 STAR SALAD BAR.
4	Consistently good.Pro's- many soup options and all consistently goog- salad options good as well- staff have been there over time, friendlyCon's- would like red bell pepper from time to time- cookies on desert bar would be greatGood place.  Get on their eMail list and get weekly coupons
3	Staff was friendly. I wasn't impressed with the desserts. What happened to all the puddings? Ice cream or dry brownie muffin.
4	This Sweet Tomatoes is one of my 'work late and try to avoid eating garbage for dinner' gigs, and it's actually very good. The large variety of salad bar ingredients are kept very fresh as you would expect, the staff is very friendly, and the establishment is kept clean. They have a small but well done variety of soups and other hot items that are rotated once a month or so in accordance with the corporate food theme. Overall the price could be a little bit better but it's not unreasonable. Reader be warned that it can get overwhelmingly packed with people during prime time hours at lunch and dinner so try to hit it at off hours.
3	It is good if you are in the mood for soup and salad.  I just think it is wayyy too expensive.  I would much rather have the buffet in the talking stick casino for a couple more dollars.
5	We have always loved this place and this is our favorite location unless we meet  friends who live further south of us and then we go to Tempe location. The food has always been excellent and fresh and about the only place we go out to eatPlease do not change this great place to a Soup Nazi Field Kitchen or we will not return since we went to the one in Tempe and it was horrible and like some alternate universe ST and these good ratings will be dropping like a rock as have all the other locations that changed...
3	Comfort food at its... well, not at its best, but not at its worst either.The buffet is very hit or miss; you have to use your instincts to navigate the dangerous line of mediocre salad items and cringe-worthy side dishes to find the really good stuff. Whenever I come here, I stick with sampling a few different pasta salads and then gorging myself on the pizza bread.This place also has macaroni and cheese, soup, salads, muffins, corn bread, etc. The food is all very "homey". It's good for a lunch date with a friend, although my buddy got sick from the soup here once. But he is a voracious eater.All in all, a decent experience for me whenever I visit.
4	Always clean, always fresh.
4	GREAT customer service.  The cashier Jacob was very helpful with my to-go order, plus probably three or four other employees smiled and greeted me while I was there ... and I was only there for 20 minutes or so.  It was a really great experience and I'm excited to come here again.
4	Just as delicicious as ever.  Try the Lemon Orzo Chicken Soup.
2	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET  = = = = =Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C.  Although the dining room is ok and the salads good, the taste of the food is all downhill after that.  They are now up to serving eight soups, but the taste of them as well as pretty much everything else here was just BLAH today.  The Chicken Enchilada and Albondigas Soups, for example, could have been great, but instead were just NOTHING!  Who's the chef for this outfit?They've switched from blah frozen yogurt for dessert to soft serve ice cream, which could have been good, but instead it was blah low calorie stuff, no better than what they had before.  I actually had a pretty good lunch at their Ahwatukee location not long ago but this one was such a dud today that I'm afraid It's the end of the road for me & Sweet Tomatoes.  LIfe's too short.     :-ODaily Lunch & Dinner Buffet:  $8.99/$8.09 Sr. (Rev. 11/26/13)
2	I was disappointed.  I have not been to a Sweet Tomatoes restaurant for about 3-4 years due to their higher prices, but I went to join a friend for lunch on Friday.  Their pricing is still high -- about $12 for lunch and a standard drink.  The salad selection was sparse.  A few green salad types and additives.  Dressings were thin and not very tasty.  Toppings were sparse -- no cold cuts of chicken, pepperoni, nor any bacon crumbles.  And even the soups were not very hearty or tasty.  I remember them being better some years ago.I think I will stick with the salad bars at SouperSalad!, Golden Corral, or even Sizzler's.  Better salads and better prices.
2	Its a salad buffet....thats it! It's boring.  It's clean, good service, but its not exciting.
4	This location has such spectacular memories for me. Having hosted many fundraisers for Scottsdale Desert Stages (my home away from home) I love the support this location has for their community. Also they never shy away from offering Military discounts. My husband and I showed up after he had drill in uniform and they offered a discount for us both. I also love their cream of broc soup. It is what I hold all other soups too :)
2	The food was delicious as usual, however the service was not good.  A piece of advice to the rude person running the cash register, when a customer asks about pricing for a kid's meal answer their question and actually act like you care and want to provide good service.  Apparently finding out what kind of drinks we wanted, getting us rung up, and moved along was more important.  There was a small line behind me, but those customers can wait just as I had to wait for those who were in front of me.  Sorry my patronage was such an inconvenience on the boy (definitely not a man)  running the register.  Too many other good places to go with much better service.
3	Selections were hit or miss.  Salads very good , tons of choices and I liked all I tried.The soups were another story.  Most were overpowered with spices to the point they were inedible .  The only good one we tried out of the 4 was the tomato bisque .  The desserts were meh...except for the soft serve ice cream which I paired with a mini brownie. Yum.  I didn't try the molten chocolate dessert, but saw lots of other people going for it. Hubbie liked it.
5	Excellent salad bar...and soups...and other goodies.
3	I like a big salad, ala Elaine Benes, and a lunch place that I can dine relatively quickly at so Sweet Tomatoes really fits the bill. Their salad bar has a nice selection of prepared salads and all of the fixings to make yourself a macdaddy salad. They keep the salad bar clean and the food bins full so I have absolutely no complaints there.The soups, breads and desserts for the most part are eminently forgettable.  The only things that I have found above average have been their corn muffins, their baked potato with all of the trimmings and on one visit they had a delicious warm apple crisp. The rest is like what your Mother would make if she was a terrible cook.  They obviously have a faithful clientele who visit frequently. I have been to this location 3 times and I have seen some of the same characters on all 3 occasions. It is hard to miss them since they have turned gluttony into an art form; piling their plates so high that they appear to defy the laws of gravity.
5	I tried the new gluten free coconut muffin and it was very tasty. We always enjoy dinner here. The soups and salads are fresh and delicious! The desserts are very good too. We can sit and not feel rushed to leave. ST always tries new things and now they have healthier greens and other healthy choices on the salad line. I appreciate ST!!!
3	This place is an all-you-can-eat, reasonably-priced salad bar (and more).  It'sclean, their salad ingredients are fresh and good-looking, and the seating is big and comfy.  For me, this place is just ok.  Their ingredients lack some variety, as do their pre-made salad options.  There's nothing exotic (like asparagus or avocado), but they do offer a little bit of everything - a few pre-mixed salads, a few pasta salads, several soup choices, a few pastas (our visit: mac n cheese, spaghetti w/tomato sauce, penne with garlic sauce and veggies), some pizza/bread/muffins and dessert.  They clearly mark their vegetarian items and they have soft serve at all times.  Their fancy dessert choice (chocolate lava cake) was pretty yummy, and their pizza and cheese bread were pretty good, too.  Nothing spectacular in my opinion, but the husband really likes it, so I'm sure I'll have more check-ins.
3	I usually end up coming to Sweet Tomatoes with my family after traveling to Phoenix and no one feels like cooking.  They have a decent buffet and it is reasonably priced.  Very fresh ingredients, and hot food as well like soups, pasta and pizza.  They also have a dessert bar and wide selection of beverages.Sweet Tomatoes is more family-oriented and attracts thw Snow Bird crowd, but never seems to be overly hectic with kids running wild.  It's a good place to come for a quick, cheap and healthy dinner.
3	If you are looking for a healthy alternative to fast food, come try this salad bar. Some ingredients I will not eat like the kidney beans and the corn which come from a can and you need to ask the cooks which soups are actually made from scratch and which are from a can as they are not all from scratch. the menu is the same all day but for dinner the price increase $2.00 so go for a late lunch as dinner begins @ 4pm...you can stay as long as you want and sit in the new section as it is sunny and bright compared to the drabby dark old section.  Good place to a somewhat healthy meal for around $8.00
5	Their options for salad fixings are always many and fresh...and then they have soups and pastas and deserts.  What's not to like?
3	I am torn in my rating. At one time I would have given this place a solid 4 stars, but it has gone downhill quite dramatically over the last year. They used to have green olives, regular tomatoes, and dill pickles on the salad bar. Now they have no green olives, only grape tomatoes and no dill pickles. The pre made salads no longer contain chicken and the eggs are mostly egg yolks with no whites.I still love the idea of this place, but everything I liked on the salad bar has changed.
5	Ate here again.  Just love it.  Among many good things the bleu cheese crumbles were excellent.  I have never been disappointed at this place.
4	First time! Can't believe it's taken me so long to come here. I really liked it. Make your own salad and a variety of soups and pastas. I liked that the items were marked as vegetarian and vegan, especially the soups. They even had pizza and dessert. Loved the broccoli cheddar soup and the ice cream was tasty. I'll be back. Bonus: you can normally find coupons in your mailer or online to save you some money.
2	I'm giving this location a 2 Star review based on the full experience at this location.  The salad had wilted leaves and there was jello all over the floor. I have been to this location multiple times and it seems like it just keeps getting worse. When I purchased the 2 adults for 19.99 coupon dinner,  the cashier handed me two small glass cups. (I have always received the to-go cups so I assumed they came with the meal since I've used those coupons before and never got questioned at any location) after telling her I would like the to-go cups, I was rudely told "Well then you should have told me that before hand- you already purchased these ones."  I wouldn't mind paying he whole 1 dollar more for the to go cups. But to be rudely told I should have said that before my transaction was complete- was completely uncalled for. There was no line behind me- I wasn't holding anyone up. Teach your employees some manners- you have lost two  frequent sweet tomatoes  eaters at this location. We will travel the extra  8 miles to the desert ridge location.
1	Again with the rude service at the cashier stand.  Food was delicious, but the employee at the cashier stand last evening at 7:00 PM ish was unacceptable.  I said three people for dinner not realizing one of my group still qualified for the kids pricing.  I was told to say that next time.  I am not asking for black tie, fine dining customer service.  Common sense and general friendliness would have been nice.
4	As far as salad bar buffets go, Sweet Tomatoes is king and this location's buffet is good enough. It's hard to get wowed by a salad bar buffet, but besides the age-showing decor and hit or miss service, this location works.The food is usually fresh and items are almost always available. If they bring in a Coke Freestyle like they have at another location it would be great.I love the chili.
3	I went a number of times and stopped. This and otherlarge chains get rave reviews. People say, let's meet at .... and I say Okay. With endless choices with good or better food and much more character I don't feel this much of a value. I am not concerned with eating a lot or if employees or amicably inclined. The foodand atmosphere are usually major criteria.
4	The sweet tomatoes is the best for a quick soup and salad. They always have fresh ingredients to build a salad just the way you want it. And you must try the broccoli salad- It is the reason I go there. But note that they do not offer any meat for your salad.  After you finish your salad there are a handful to delicious soups waiting for you to try them. They also have servers walking around clearing plates and making sure you have everything you need. Sign up for their emails and get great discounts because it can get pricey.
