4	On thursdays, there aren't as many people but you still get all the great music and you get to enjoy the interior a little more. However, every other night of the week, hundreds and hundreds of people are going to be packed in here and hundreds more won't get in... if you like that... well, I think that used to be fun.
2	This is the most overrated clubbing experience in Vegas. Maybe it was good when it first opened, but it totally sucks. If you want to not get in or wait 2 hours when you are first in line, and be surrounded by 4000 people wiht no place at all to sit down then I suggest it.  This placeis all hype. It's full of people who want to just show off, and with nothing reallyto show off.
3	Rain WAS cool... now its just a tourist trap. Better clubbin in NY or LA.
3	Spent some time in Rain during a bachelorette party, and that was cool! I was trippin' only because the space was pretty small as far as the dance floor went, so this means you've got allllll this space in the club but only a tile or two to shake your ass on. So be prepared to throw them bows.I've always thought that Vegas was all about amateur night, where you can do the things you want and be the people you think you should be, and I didn't see this any other place more than here. But then again, that's any club in Vegas, right?Your inner pyromaniac will fall in love with the blazing hot flamethrowers only feet from your face. Your inner DJ will be pleased to know most of the songs you'll hear are on your ipod already.The wait in line was sort of obscene, but that's how you build a vibe, right? Just make sure you're in the right line or you'll be assed out like MANY people were. That alone is a pain in the ass.
4	I know this club is played out from MTV and the sheer volume of people who do go really makes this place annoyingly packed, however no matter how I want to think of it, this club is just pretty darn awesome.  I think it is the epitome of what a super club should be.  The small things like the fire and fog effects are a plus and the sheer size of the place is just amazing.  The key is to get in line early if you do not have a hookup so you can experience the club in its entirety when you get there while its not too packed.
2	Ok ok, we all have heard things about Rain. Some are true, some are false. Where do I begin? First of all, it's huge. It's actually not that hard to get in to if you have a pass already. Just get there early. I think the best word for Rain is "Intense". Everything going on is in your face. It's obvious that many people go here because they've heard it's the coolest place in Vegas and it shows. Loads of bachelorette parties but that actually makes it tougher for guys. I really felt like it was just another club in LA. I mean all the LA people go there, so what's the diff.? If you're at the Palms, it probably just makes sense to go to Ghostbar. Don't get me wrong, Rain is FUN...you will no doubt have fun if you're with a good crowd. But the superficiality is annoying and it will tire you for the rest of the weekend.
1	overrated overrated overrated.  nasty clientele long line impossible to get a drink (good kamikazes though, one star)this club is big but that doesnt make up for the lack of ..........everything else.
5	I had the f'ing time of my life here. Got there at 12 and line was unbelievable. I had my husband ask the bouncer "What's it take to get in tonight?" The bouncer says $50 a person ($20 more than the regular price). So the 5 of us slip him $250 and slide past the Loooooongest line in the world. Haters give us the death stare, but this is Vegas people?! HELLO?! Anyhoo, get inside and head straight to the bar. Load up on Red Bull and get to the center stage! They played a mix of Techno, Hip-Hop, R&B, and Rock. And I liked and knew all of the songs, who woulda thought? Center stage was awesome with all the flames shooting out. Danced til 4. Don't remember getting back to the Flamingo. F-U-N!
5	It is a club that's been around for a while, but I had a great time there!  There was a huge line already at about 10, but a person I went with bought a 'front of the line pass' online and after finally finding the right guy to show it to, we went right it.  It's always the guy with the clipboard, I shoulda known!Inside the club was fun.  It was packed pretty hard, as I kept getting bumped into by everyone else on the dance floor.  Drinks are average price for a Vegas club, ~10 bucks a good drink.  I am not sure why it's called Rain.  Maybe because I wish it did.  It gets pretty hot when you are dancing drunk with everyone else's body heat on ya, and to top that off, above the dance floor, there are huge flame throwers that shoot out random fireballs that kinda scorch your face if you are right under them.  I needed some Rain then!
5	The best club I've been to so far. I've heard it's the best one in Vegas, and you'd believe it with their crazy long lines. Front of the line passes are the way to do it.  The club is pretty huge inside, with a raised dance floor in the center. Tons of people all around, so be prepared to get your toes stepped on. The bar is pretty accessible, and the music is awesome.  The huge fire balls at the top are pretty awesome too, except DAMN they're hot!!! I loved it there, danced the night away!*edited August 2007*Well iono what happened to this place, but good lord it sucks now. The crowd is not too great, kinda like greasy older men trying to hit on the younger girls. The music was whack, it was too hot... ugh. May Rain R.I.P.
4	Stopped by here on New Year's Eve.  Initially I was somewhat skeptical.  I was more than just pleasantly surprised.  Really awesome place.  Dance throughout the night while snow falls from the ceiling and flames shoot out above your head.  This place is hip - be sure to check it out.
3	I recently visited Rain Nightclub at the Palms.  My First impression of the night club was good.  We showed up early in the night and were able to purchase VIP passes for upstairs away from the crowds.  As the night drug on it soon became like many of the clubs in Cancun.  Door people began to pack as many people in the club as possible.  Thinking i was safe from the crowds was just an illusion.  Soon the VIP began to fill up and it was crowded as the down stairs general area.  The only place to escape was the "sky box" area where booth rental is very over prices.  The music echoing and was hard to make out over the large crowds and arena style set up.  Drinks were about average price for Vegas going for around $11 per mixed drink.Rain is not bad for what it is.  It's a place you can go if you don't mind paying a premium and love being in large, crowded environments.
5	I suppose it always helps to have a friend whose sister's friend knows the door people and get you on the guest list...Long lines can get crazy- of course it helps to stay in the hotel- cuz you have your own line...The place is cavernous- huge dance floor, with a mezzanine, vip rooms, and the swimming pool area becomes a lounging area on those hot Las Vegas nights...Remember to have a meeting place in case you get lost from your group!
4	Would you like to party with P.Diddy well who wouldn't and if you're with the star of  "Stomp the Yard" Columbus Short, Danity Kane, and 3 of the pussycat dolls then you're sure to get in and have a great time.  After leaving the Empire Hellroom we jet over to the Palms for what is billed as the party of the night.Now when we got here there was no way that we were going to get into this party without slappin down $200 for the cover charge.  But luckily your boy Lovejoy got major celeb hookupsI had no clue who was in town at the time, but when I saw Columbus and his entourage then it was looking pretty good.  We immediately joined the group and that's when actually Danity Kane (P.diddy's group)  Melody, Jessica, and Carmit from the PussyCat Doll's and Yung Joc and Ludacris all roll up and we all slip into Rain nightclub together and whisked to VIP to join Diddy's party.This was the most exciting party we've been to which is why I didn't understand why we left, but everybody wanted to go see Tyrese and Akon perform so off  to Body Englsh we headed.Love the Rain!!
4	club rain. an extra large dose of vegas night life and debaucheary. this club has what an ideal club should have... volume and square footage, several levels, all types of areas to perch, dance, order drinks or vomit.tons of eye candy but there are some places where it does get clustered. of course you have the pretentious, my sheet dont stink crowd but its all part of the wonderland of vegas. the survival of the fittest, feistiest and tres sexiest.leave your attitude in the hotel room
5	Wanna dance? This is THE place to go in Vegas.Rain has the best dance floor in Vegas. Tiny and packed, it's worth it to squeeze your way in. Great lighting and amazing fireballs make it even more fun!Getting warm? Venture to one of the upper levels, get your drink, and watch the dancers from a penthouse or booths near the 3rd level bar.
4	Fun club. I expected a lot more from all the hype. I prefer Body English at the Hard Rock. But the fire and all was pretty cool.Music was good...long line to get in!!
3	This place was the best club in Vegas 2-3 Years ago when it first opened because it was the first of it's kind in Vegas and the Real World MTV hyped it up .I loved it!  Now I have been back a couple of times and it has dropped off a bit. I know the main Manager so I'm always VIP up stairs and bypass the line and it still doesn't feel the same. The music is good but I guess the class of the crowd lowered compared to other clubs like Pure, Tryst, Tao Just not the same. I do see the owners doing a remodel in a couple of years
4	Probably one of the classic clubs, I mean this is RAIN, in the Palms!  When I was there for a bachelorette party we rolled in around 1.45AM and it was free cover and the party was still jumpin'!  Needless to say us girls tore up the dance floor and had oodles of fun, love that they had some water mist thing that came on every now and then to cool all the party people down!  Only thing was that I dislike the obnoxious barbie girls that would push people around on the already small as hell dance floor when they're freakin' with some wilbur valderama look alike...(trust me, he was NOT valderama, even though this is vegas.. :) )  if you must freak, do some space conserving moves yo, i hate being elbowed in the back by some bony wench's arm...ouch, that seriously hurt :(
2	I had more fun losing, nay, hemorrhaging money at the blackjack table after I left because of how much this place sucks. It's fun if you want to pop your collar and hit on 18 year old girls, but if you're not into that plan on being miserable the whole night.Overcrowded. overheated and smells like a homeless man's asshole after chili night at the soup kitchen.Full of the big sunglass wearing, collar popping, douchebag types you find on a stroll through West Hollywood.
5	VIP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Yeah!  Its the only way to go!  After having top of the line suite, which was also, sweet, he stumbled down to Rain.  They let us right in, skipped the line....well the sober ones anyways....a few of the crew they let go to the Washroom to expunge the expensive dinner a few hours earlier.  So we walk through the Britney Spears "toxic" video set tunnel only to be placed into the most creative floor space I have ever dreamed of.  We walked in and "pary like a rockstar" by three6 Mafia was playing!  Fire was shooting from the ceiling, mist was shooting up from the moat and peeps were getting down!  There probably was a dragon there somewhere, but I missed it.  The line for drinks was short and I only had to flag down the bartender once to get the first round of 7 shots for the hommies.  Most of the night the music was pretty good with the majority of the music being "bay area/LA Rap and hiphop".  It felt like the crowd was definately a little more mature than some of the high school clubs in the city.  This pretty much was what I always hoped clubs would be like when I was young...which is pretty much now.
4	We went here for the Summer of Love party at poolside during Memorial Day Weekend. It was freakin' packed. Never felt so enclosed with people hovering over you especially since I'm 5'1" -- I felt soooo short!! Well since we had VIP status, we dodged the 1.5 hour waitline and went straight to the front. G'yeah b*tches! Some dudes were tryin' to hollar -- seriously, there weren't any CUTE guys there. Oh well for my last fling before the ring! AHAHADanny Love, owner of Detroit Bar in Costa Mesa hooked us up with 6 free tickets to the Summer of Love party in Vegas for Saturday night because my best friend works for him as his club photographer in Orange County. SWEEETTT!!! Felix da Housecat and some other house djs rocked the decks with mash-ups, hiphop and soulful house. It was DOPE! The weather was freakin' awesome, 80 degrees with a warm breeze. We kicked it above the main walkway across from the stage, danced to our hearts' content. Drank and had a laughfest. Good f*cking times! I wasn't really feelin' Club Rubber - not really into PROGRESSIVE TRANCE and it felt like a damn rave in there. Girls dancing the candywalk and guys walking around with freakin' glowsticks in their hands. NOT CUTE! My first time experience at Rain was great. I'd come here again for a day party and such. Not into Club Rubber, for sure! People were friendly, especially since they were rollin'....but other than that, I can get the same treatment if I were at DNA Lounge in the city for Rem parties!! ahahaha The taxi line was ridiculous though outside the Palms.
3	Long line to get in.  I was there for a "naughty nitey" party ( rowrrrrr ) so luckily i didn't have to stand in line.  I did have food poisoning from something I ate earlier that night so I had to leave about 2 hours after getting there.  From what I remember the multi-level dance floor was packed and most of the tourists / out of towners were having a good time.  The place gets alot of media attention due to MTV's reality shows/etc. and the general paparazzi, so its common to see celebrities going in and out of the Palms Hotel / Rain with photographers everywhere.  I never had the urge to go there since it's off the strip and don't have any connections there.  I'll give it three stars for now until I go back for a second time.
4	Let's face it, sometimes a girl's just gotta dance! Rain at the Palms is an oversized frat party, and the best place in town to get your groove on. But, if we are going to do it Vegas-style, may I suggest saving some dinero and splurging on a skybox. These ultra exclusive vip rooms come with a hefty price tag , but they are worth it. For starters, ladies, you don't have to deal with that super sweaty middle-aged man rubbing his sweat-soaked metallic button down shirt all over your pretty new dress. This is my biggest club peeve. You also don't have to wait forty five minutes just to put your elbow on the bar and wait for it to get noticed. They are above the dance floor, so you can see down onto the entire lower story. If you are lucky and there is a fashion show or other event going on that night, you have the best seat in the house! There are couches to rest your dancing tootsies, and a full wait staff (who are all gorgeous, by the way) and they are always ready to dance with you! If you decide to venture out, there is another vip bar for the skyboxes outside where you can party it up. Rain is an awesome club, but unless you are at a table or in a skybox, it is simply too much to handle when you just want to dance!Recommended drink: With the skyboxes, you are expected to purchase at least two bottles, and I always choose Ketel!Recommended Skybox: I like the skyboxes closest to the upstairs bar that I mentioned, just in case you need a change of scenery...
4	Throughout the years that I've been going to Vegas and ever since the Palms Casino was built, what is a trip to Vegas without going to the Palms? While at the Palms, you have to visit the Rain Nightclub...great place to visit. Granted there is usually a long ass freakin line when there is a theme event going on, but you have to know how to deal with that by talking to the security guards. From my experience, if you reason with them, they will let you cut in line. But, once you get in, expect to see many hot ladies with hardly any room to move on the dance floor...what more can a guy ask for??? LOL...If you want a breather, then the pool lounge is great for some air from that tight little space they call a dance floor...while out there, you will find a few ladies in bikini's enjoying themselves in the hot tub...I love this place. Remember folks, what happens in vegas...but you didn't hear that from me.Anyhow, everytime I go to Vegas, you'll probably find me at this nightclub, or if there is a big event in town, find me there. Party all the time.
5	Loved it!!! If your in Vegas you must visit Rain. We were just there for the 7.7.7 weekend and we had a Skybox by the upstair bar & stairs. Not only did they get us in right away but you take a private elevator to the 2nd floor. Skybox was great, very roomy and lots of space to dance when the dance floor gets crowded. We had a great time. I believe the Skybox fits 15ppl or more and they asked for a 3 bottle minnimum.
5	This was my favorite of the 4 Palms' clubs. Really cool dancefloor with lights and FIRE overhead, great VIP section on the second floor with a separate bar (very quick service), and all around really cool fun place!
4	Really enjoyed this club, except for the too small dancefloor and the creepy gropy guys.  Luckily, we were on the list (thanks to my awesome friend who knows how to do Vegas) and ended up getting invited into VIP so we didn't have to deal with that too much.  The music was good, and the drinks were pretty stiff.  Watch out on the dancefloor, sometimes they shoot flames out and it gets kinda hot.  I remember when they showed this club on the Real World.  It looked bigger on the show.
1	If there were a Hell, I'd imagine it to be Las Vegas.  If Hell had a Hell, I'd imagine it to be Rain.  This place had a good setup but the overall experience was just not worthy of visiting again.  They had cool flame throwers in the middle of the dancefloor, but people go clubbing in Vegas to escape the heat, not get it thrown in their face's while they're trying to talk to a sweaty girl from out of town.
4	It's a good place to dance. You hear that skeezy prowlers who stand on the dance floor? DANCE. Not stand around looking too cool for school on the edge of the already crowded middle dance area. Idiots. No wonder they're still single. Why can't those guys at least move outside of the middle round dance floor area instead of taking up room, bringing down the mood and shoving their way through the dancing crowd just to stand around on the other side of the dance floor? Hell even if I were dancing alone I wouldn't give those scowling sharks the time of day. Yeah you there with the cigarette burning everyone's arms and the drink spilling: get dancing or get out of the way. You're too obvious which is why you aren't gettin any.Well that's my rant for Rain. While this may be true for all clubs, at least clubs usually have an open dance area. But at Rain, the middle's where the fun's at. You get the mist and the rotating lights and the fire. And all around you is the misty water with the water arcs a la Bellagio. But that area has limited space which is why I got really annoyed at guys taking up my space.
5	I love Rain. No, not the Korean pop star.Music's always good (I'm into the pop/hip-hop/rap thing so it's right up my alley), the place is always packed (which is a good thing and a bad thing - girls, bring some guy friends to cock block all those other sleazy guys in the club), and even though the club is disgustingly humid from all the bodies anyways, I can never get enough of the fire shooting ceiling.Line gets really long pretty early though so be prepared to flirt with some bouncers if you don't feel like waiting in line. And, if you have enough people, get a cabana - it's definitely worth it.
2	too small (only one main dance floor when the outside area is closed off??), VIP tables/rooms super isolated (good for privately partying with friends, but seems difficult to meet people... and why spend the extra $$ partying with friends in isolation??). HUGE line outside, so be sure to guest list (i think we used the n9negroup one), follow up with them, and flirt like you've never flirted before to get in. we decided to give rain a 2nd chance for pimp n ho this year; i spent a few extra bucks for the "VIP" no line passes while the other girls got the general admission tickets and they ended up saying that both were the same!!!... makes me think that the usual "VIP" no-line passes  sold online are fakes, so don't spend the extra money. a good concept, i heard it USED to be the place to be, but i'd much rather be at tao, pure, jet, or one of the other great clubs in vegas.
5	First Vegas club I ever set foot in and what a good time! It was also the first club I was kicked out of... unjustly kicked out of... I leaned on a garbage can with my hands and they thought I was going to throw up. I didn't of course, but hey- it was late and time to go anyway. Very gooooooooooooooooooood! Misty rain came out in the middle of the club, we danced outside, by the pool and laid out by the cabanas...
2	uh...way to celebrate my last night in Vegas. i may as well have been at LOVE! rave, trance and then they tried to mix this with ROCK? and then Soulja boy transition!? What the heck!!?all i could do was stand there and say "guys..i need another drink".Then as im already sweating my ass off because of the mass of people they spit fire out on the center stage! Isn't this place called rain? umm and the dance floor was small...Giving two stars only because the bouncer and the bartender were nice :) Other than that..its a negative
5	I love Rain and think it is one of the coolest clubs overall in Vegas. In Vegas, there is always somewhere newer, better and cooler opening up. Its always gonna be that way and eventually the newer, cooler, club is just a part of yesterday so I think its important to look at the overall. Everytime I've come here, I've had a great time. The bouncers aren't dicks here like they were at other places. I realize I'm a girl and so generally bouncers are nicer to women but thats not always the case. Great music inside, good crowd (didn't get the pretentious feel I did from Pure) drinks were strong and the bartenders were nice. The floor was bumpin and the pyrotechnics just electrifies the place. All in all I love Rain and will always come back for more!!!
1	This place is so unbelievably overrated. Long line, packed dance floor and it's impossible to get a drink. I would never come back.
5	This review is literally for the aesthetics of the venue.  I was there for a private function so I don't know what a normal evening would be like.  The staff very nice (don't know if it's because I was in the Skybox area above).  It wet my curiosity to find out what it's like on a 'club night'.
1	Holy crap this place is a nightmare.  The only thing that saves it is access to the outside pool area.  I've never seen so many people in one room.  Loud music is fine, but I feared hearing damage during the time I tried to navigate through the humanity to get outside.  Tools and skanks abound.  Wear a shiny shirt and you'll fit right in at the Palms.
3	went here a few times, once to go to the club itself, once to see a concert, and once to go to an outdoor concert.the club - BIG, lots of people. if you're a guy and out of town, be prepared to wait a while (especially if you're not with any females) and be prepared to tip the bouncer. on top of that, you gotta pay the cover. ($20 or so) a few levels that you can venture off to. i'm  not too into clubbing but it was fun to go out and have a few drinks. the concert - saw nelly, with a special appearance with kelly rowland. good for seeing concerts, was really close to the stage. small enough venue so that you're not squinting your eyes to see the show. tickets are usually more than your average concert due to being vegas, and the small size of the venue. outdoor concert - saw steel pulse. totally worth it! it was by the poolside during the sunset, great show/great vibe. tickets were only $20, no line to wait in. would definitely go to another poolside show. if it's summertime, you're gonna be hot, so dress accordingly.
3	We came here after spending a couple hours at Moon which is also in the Palms Hotel.  Very cool club with the whole fire and water theme going on.  I couldn't help but stop dancing and look up at the moving structure above the dancefloor.  I still like Moon more though but Rain was definitely a lot bigger and thank god there were seats and couches for non-VIP people to hang out on because my feet were killing me.  Music was good and my group had a really good time :)One thing I do love about Moon is the retractable roof because it definitely let's in some air and cools the club a bit once it gets stuffy but in Rain, they spew out flames and fire which makes the place even more hot. It was pretty but it was way too hot.  I am so close to giving this place 4 stars but at the same time, I don't like it as much as I like Moon so I'll have to stick with 3. Definitely worth checking out and I'll most likely return next time I'm back in Vegas.
4	Ok - I know this place is crowded but it's not half bad if you have a table. I like this place and no...I did not end up getting thrown out of it. Following my review from the Luxor - the limo had brought us here and when they dropped us off escorted us straight to the elevator leading up to the club. I pissed off a lot of people doing that. ;DInside is nice from what I could see. Love those flame throwers...woohooooo! I didn't really drink because I was already gone by then - and I also had a little something in my pocket to keep the buzz going (thank gawd hidden flask). It was good times but from what I heard from the ladies - I would advise against the open toe and settle for some steel toe combat boots. It is that crowded........but then again would you go there if it were empty???? I didn't think so. Yeah I think it would have been better if it was a different crowd - this is my time to plug house music because not specifically because it's my genre of preference but the crowd is less stuck up and more into having a good time which this place could be more of.
3	I came here a few months ago for Pimp and Ho with my friends. The club itself is nice. I like the big pond/lake thingy outside and the craziness inside. Everything is really nice. The dancers on stage are crazy and some of them dance really well and are hot stuff. The place itself is interesting to observe.It was definitely too small for Pimp and Ho though. It's not a small club, but for how many people came it was too small. Everyone wanted to go inside since it was so hot outside, so it was hell. We were getting pushed around in line and it was a mess! While in line this stupid girl kicked up her leg and ripped my fishnets off. UGH! That was it. hahahhaa.... We chilled outside for a while and took off. It was just crazy man. For the club itself. Nice.Rain for a huge event like P&H? Never again.
4	I had a awesome time at this club. The wait to get in wasn't too long, the place wasn't overly packed like other Las Vegas Clubs. There is a nice outside area to relax in especially for the Summer Nights!
3	If you want to actually get into a good club in Vegas, this is one of them.  The line might be a little long on weekends here, but this is one of the few big ones in Vegas that you know you will get into if you just have patients.  Obviously don't wear tennis shoes or anything where they can use to not let you in. Any vegas club, bar, nightlife event, dress to impress obviously because its vegas and you don't want trouble getting in.  If you've already gone that far, paid for plane tickets, paid for hotel, what's going a little further to dress up to get into somewhere?Rain is pretty nice though, not nicer than the newer ones like Tryst and Pure but its definitely a great time if you get in. It usually gets pretty wild inside because of the flame thrower raging in the middle of the club. It doesn't matter where you are in the club, you'll feel the heat from the flames.  If you want to have a fun and wild time come here (Wild on E! style). My advice, get there early if you want to get in without a hassle.
4	Very good mix of music. They are friendly to everyone that comes out to party, no matter where you're from. From hyphy to dirty south to rock and top 40, you'd think that such a diverse selection of music would mess up the vibe, but it did not for me.The club is very roomy and there are many different bars and dance areas to hang around in. The bartenders are always in a good mood and make your drinks quickly (provided you get to them in the long line of people you're in).My only complaint? Cover charge and drink charge. Of course its expected because you're in Vegas and everything is going to be expensive, but everything else makes up for it.
4	As you enter into Rain Las Vegas, you know you're in for something spectacular, because you find yourself asking... Why am I walking through this tunnel that looks be be something out of the future? As you get to the end, you gaze upon this MASSIVE, Cavernous club. Really, the shear size of it will make you take a step back.So, now that you've made your way on to the dance floor, which seems to just floating on the water you see below, you notice a large, round lighting structure above your head. If your already wasted, you may think you're seeing things, when that structure starts moving. Well, my friend, it's really moving, and there will be HUGE FIREBALLS shooting out of it too, hahaha. No, seriously, HUGE FIREBALLS! Okay, I see you don't believe me. Well, then you'll just have to find out on your own.A wise investment might be in a Skybox. You and 14 of your friends can get one for $1,000 a night. High price, trust me, it's not. Just everyone chip in $100 and you'll have the best night of your life! Guys, girls don't really want to talk to you if you don't have a table. So, do you're self a favor and get one.
2	Wait, WTF-seriously, $20 to get in?!! Even with these tits?! *double points at expertly pushed-pinched-wrapped love muffins*Ugh.If you're standing on the ground floor, looking up can give you a bit of vertigo as there are a couple of levels and envy for the people at the higher "VIP" levels who are either cooler or have more money than you. There are a couple of bars on different levels, be prepared to spend some coin for your average drink $11 for a Cosmo; my wallet just got raped for the second time of the evening. This is a good over the top club, if that's what you're looking for.Ok, it's been an hour, lets hit up a dive bar
3	I had a great time when I came. The line snakes around and can look daunting, but it moves. The drinks are strongggg and once in awhile fire shoots out from over your head on the dance floor. You can feel the heat from the flames. Give a bunch of drunk people fire and you create a fun night.
4	Rain you guys are all very nice and thanks for the amazing SKY Box.
4	The N9NE group has done it again, with another fantastic venue in the Palms.  Like any venue in any big nightlife city, it always helps to know people who can assist with group access as Rain has become supremely popular on Friday & Saturday nights.  Its not difficult to figure out why its such a good time here as they have great music on selected floors, spacious interior, and plenty of eye candy from the crowd.  Areas of the club are well partitioned where people can dance freely without bumping into others and the SKYBoxes are positioned at a good spot for people watching.Combine this with a stay at Palms or a drink/mingling session in the above Ghost Bar, the night is surely to be a good one.  Drinks like any other venue are outrageously priced, but most folks who come here are typically here to dance.  Come on Thursday nights to avoid the excessive crowds.
3	Because we were staying at the Palms, all we had to do was show our key to bypass the normal line, which wasn't very long anyways, and get in for free, which meant more money to spend on alcohol.  Didn't see any good looking people, female included, and the music sucked.  The DJ kept mixing it up with random crap.  There was even one guy in a wheelchair there near the dancefloor, which I found to be somewhat depressing.  One of the bartender gave us the first round of drinks for free--sweet!  Later on, he also recommended some yummy mixed shot called a "Watermelon Moccasin" which tasted like, well, watermelon.  I wouldn't mind coming here again to kill some time for free but hell no would I ever pay cover to get in here!
4	two wordsraunchy and loud
3	Like Tao, Rain is a sweet looking space. If you're a pyromaniac, their fireball bursts throughout the night - are also pretty thrilling.But Rain is pretty much. Like. Every. Other. Top 40. Club. In. Las Vegas.You've got the generic music mash-ups - that mash so quickly - that you find yourself flailing around in soggy ready made potato mush, the no-sitting rule  unless you're getting bottle service, and the pretty standard Las Vegas "this is my first club experience, I just turned 21, just flew here from Canada, check out my Miami vice tie" (all lines spit at us throughout the night) crowd.But...the difference between Tao and Rain is that we actually stuck Rain out and we were able to execute our dance moves successfully.Also...The bathroom attendant in the women's bathroom, was amazing and let me keep my painful dress shoes in the storage closet, while I proceeded to dance in flip-flops. Some nice guys bought us a couple of rounds, they played Jesse's Girl (like 30 seconds of it, but still....)and we managed to not only slip into the VIP section, but ended up having ample sitting space as well.I wasn't blown away by Rain, but if you reserve some seating space beforehand, wear some comfortable shoes, and bring a fun entourage - you could easily have achieve a four star mash-up good time.Maybe next time?
3	We had some really awesome cabbies during our trip. A lot of them were really friendly and when we'd ask them about hot spots, they would give us recommendations. Very useful, funny and cool. I liked the ones who would say, "Well, this place is a lot of fun and perfect for young girls like you." I don't know, but I don't really think of myself as being "young." I admit, I'm no spring chick anymore. My nights of clubbing until 4am are long gone, as was proved by this trip. To me, "young" is 21-24. So when multiple cabbies told us that Rain would be a great place for young people, I was a little iffy about it. I didn't want to be at some Spring Break party. When we got to Palms, we were able to bypass the velvet ropes because we were on the guestlist and went straight in. The space was pretty packed, but it wasn't so bad that we were squeezing through the crowd. The space is pretty cool, with a large dance floor in the middle where there's a fire show that goes off above the crowd a couple times throughout the night. We actually encountered some really nice people who bought us drinks and were fun dancing with - even though the music wasn't that great. There were actually places to sit in the side room, though I think we may have just joined another party's VIP area. Even the lady attending the restroom kept J-To's boots in a safe place while she rested her toesies. Although the crowd was pretty young, everyone was having a great time. I guess I'm not as old as I thought!
3	the overall decor of rain is nothing fabulous. it's a large club, but pretty much just looks like a giant place for people to dance. the only thing that makes it stand out is the indoor fireworks, but really rain has no "ambiance". i've been here countless times, and i do always have a good time. there is plenty of room to dance and the music being played is pretty good. the drinks are reasonably priced in comparison to tryst and prive. in the end; this is just a place to dance and get fucked up.
3	I have been here twice and I'm not feeling it. It gets way too crowded in here and I wish they would let less people in at a time. Maybe I shouldn't complain because both times I got in free, but oh well.That said, it is a cool looking club. The fire is awesome. The VIP section is pretty cool too. My only complaint is I got the wrong drink 3 times from the bartender. He gave me a Vodka soda instead of a Vodka sour thrice over. How does that happen? At least he let me keep them and I passed them out. The sky boxes, I heard, are pretty cool too, although  didn't make it in. I was too busy drinking free champagne with some cops from Canada, eh. I'm sorry I missed it though, that's where courtney turned into a Hot Tranny mess.
5	This club will blow your mind. A visual and sensory experience.This and Moon are the sickest, most scenic clubs i've ever been to in my life.This place has a huge mobile rig moving above your head like a Transformer blowing massive amounts of fire, fog and swirling lights while you're dancing!There's go-go dancers swinging around in cages.This place is HUGE. If you're a tourist or if you have tourist with you and you want to impress them .. bring them here.
4	Personally, my favorite club in LV!!!! cover charge was ridiculous, but it was HUGE and the fire on top was SICK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got good service at the bar! (maybe too much cause I got sloshed!)  I'd recommend this bar over any others...Newer ones are CROWDED and you'll get trampled on! I stayed away from new ones and stuck with the old :)
3	we had to come to rain first before we went to moon just to make an appearance.. seemed like a regular club in a big room.. the fire wasn't lit when we were there..  stayed there for about 30 minutes and left to moon
3	Honestly, I was a little disappointed by Rain.  I had heard from a lot of people that it was one of the best clubs in Vegas, but after going to Tryst and Pure - both beautiful! - Rain seemed really...plain.  It's something you could find anywhere in LA.  The thing that makes it stand out seems to be the fire that blasts from up above.  But seriously?  It was more of an annoyance than anything.  I mean, you're already hot and sweaty from dancing on that small dance floor...do they really have to add flames to the mix and make the top of your head burn every couple of minutes??  Yes, we got to skip the line.  Yes, we ended up joining someone's table so we could sit down and drink.  Yes, the bartenders were nice and the drinks were strong.  Yes, I can now check "Rain" off of my list of Vegas clubs to go to and never go there again.
5	I always have a great time at Rain.  The first time I went here was for a Pimp 'n Hos party back in 2003... I had the best time ever.  I've been back a couple of times since and it's still a lot of fun! The last time I went, our entire group (10 of us) of ladies got in for free and we all got a drink on the house each (due to a certain high roller who was crushin on us).  I looove it here and have a great time every time I visit.I remember dancing in the wade pool with my drink in my hand - dancing to Fifty back in '03 and watching females give each other kisses.  This is such a fun place.  Don't forget to visit the other newer club at Palms, Moon and The Playboy club.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Rain..maybe its because its a waste of space club...its one huge room with a ginormous stage right in the middle of the dance floor...No room to dance, no room to walk - besides along or around the stage. It's one of the older clubs so at times pretty played out. The only thing to look forward to is when they open their outdoor area which is pretty rare.
1	Rain is horribly ghetto. I have hookups here and I never go here...hopefully it gets much better when Oakenfold is in the mix.
3	Though Rain has lost its status of being the "it" spot to hang-out, I still enjoyed my Friday night there.  The place is spacious so you dont have to be stepped on as much...the drinks are good and the wait isnt too long anymore...used to take a few hours just to get in...
3	If you're not completely unfortunate looking and know a few people at Vegas clubs or know someone who knows someone...there's no waiting, no cover charge. You just wave pretty at the people waiting in the ginormous line and walk on through. Rave music ain't my thang...but I learned to deal with it. I mean the bachelorette was loving it and entertaining us with her funky moves so how could I complain? It was hilarious. I'm actually not much of a clubber. I don't like dark crowded places where people are stepping on my feet and rubbing up against me when they walk by. I still have a huge bruise on top of my right foot cuz some clutz stepped on it. It hurt so bad...I wanted to sock that fool. But I'm classy remember? Kekeke. Anyway, I feel old when I go to these places. But I made the best of it. Got my drink on. Shots of Patron all night baby~!! And we got hooked up pretty fat from all the bartenders because we had a cool girl with us who knew everyone and their mamas at Rain. This club is kinda crazy...I saw foam, which I guess was supposed to be snow, coming down from the ceiling. Then I saw a cirque du soleil-esque show with fire above the dance floor. And lots of crazy looking characters all over the club. A bit creepy.  The best part about this club was that we didn't have to wait in line, we didn't have to pay a cover, we got to drink in the VIP section where the bar wasn't crowded, the bartenders hooked us up, the free cirque du soleil-esque show, oh and hardly any lines for the girls restroom. Music here...I could live without. The crowd...I could live without. So unless...I get hooked up here all the time here like my last visit...I don't think I'll be going back.
2	Light rain pouring down , cirque de soleil trapeze artists and a balcony view of the Vegas strip will make this larger version of the Sound Factory (SF) an off the chizzzain hotspot...but leave that fireball in the middle...the rest...can go. Oh, bikini & speedo apparel are strongly suggested
4	I have been here at least 3 times and I always have fun!! I met like 7 girls when I was here last time, which means women here are friendly. Bartenders hooked me up with some sick ass drinks too! They have a pretty nice decor/theme going. Its was Vegas club so it was shoulder to shoulder but that's what made it hott! Literally! We stayed at the hotel 3-4 blocks up sooo it was nicely located and easily accessible. i remember we had soo much fun that 2 of my girls had to go out for some frsh air. Good times!Enjoy peeps!
3	I went here for the first time a long time ago, so I don't quite remember it.  But I came here Friday night when Three 6 Mafia were performing.  Based on just Friday night, I would give this place 2 stars, but I know when there are live performances, it tends to change the crowd and scene.  I was having fun until I felt like I was a sardine being pushed around while they were performing.  One weird thing about this club is that they like to shoot fire out of some contraption they have in the middle of the dance floor.  So get ready to get really hot when that happens!
3	It gets pretty hot in this club. No, no...not because of the people who frequent this place...but because of that damn lighting thing they have up there that shoots out fire every 30 mins or so!! It was hot back then when Trista and Ryan from the Real World Las Vegas partied at this place...but i guess there are better clubs out there now.  It wouldn't be my first place to hit up...but I wouldn't mind coming back.
5	I don't know if I just happened to come on the right night, but this place was crazy. Came here Saturday and paid the 60 for the all club access for Palms. It was Paul Oakenfield night with guest DJ David Guetta who was amazing. They had these Cirque du Soleil type performers everywhere from the ceilings to the stage and a few walking around on stilts giving "light shows" to a few that may have ingested a certain substance. They have "snow" falling from the ceiling and fire shooting out that adds a crazy touch to the house music that was playing. I'm not really a big fan of electronica but this totally turned me on to it. Definitely best clubbing experience I've had.
4	Danced all night until we decided to go up to Moon nightclub..Very big place.. I love it. Loved the music.. Loved the Crowd. Loved my friends being there.. Loved the Drinks..Most memorable moment of the night: Fire spewwing out at me SO CLOSE to my ears.... i felt the heat that's for sure.. DANG-GE-ROUS
4	Go to Rain for Perfecto Saturdays, presented by Paul Oakenfold. Last Saturday was Felix da Housecat, who was incredible. The place itself is impressive, with glass staircases to the VIP area upstairs and a huge circular dancefloor. On Saturdays, there are the standard go-go dancers, but also acrobats (if you can call them that), snow, fireballs and other weird characters roaming the area handing out glowsticks.However, the Friday night I came here sucked. Or maybe it's just because I'm super critical of DJs and the playlist was painfully predictable.Either way, Saturday night more than made up for it.
2	This place is just a big warehouse with flamethrowers on the ceiling. Why shoot fire and when the club is called Rain? Why shoot fire when you're hot as hell from dancing and sweating? It just doesn't make sense, and it doesn't feel very good either when you're being blasted by flames. The good thing about this place is that it's HUGE so you can easily get around without spilling half your drink by the time you get somewhere.
2	No...No...No...We only went here first to get a stamp to freely go to Moon, Playboy and Ghostbar after 2am. I guess we did waste about 2 hours in here but it definitely was not worth it I suppose. Drinks were $10-12 and the area was TOO big. It didn't fill up for a Friday night and I was really surprised. Be careful of standing too close to the circular area in the middle because the poles blow fire. It really scared me at first but after a few times of flaming fires, it got TOO hot in the club. Time to leave...
1	I would give rain no stars if i could. Its a club in the palms, and its got a dirty feel right off the bat, and over priced drinks. the dance floor is small, packed and feels dirty. Security is insanely rude. Ive never seen anything like it. I was pretty drunk and following my friend off the dance floor- my friend lifted up a barrier belt for me to fit under, I thought he had found a shortcut but it was the VIP area- instead of turning me around or blocking me and telling me turn around a fat ass security guard straight up pushes me with both hands to my shoulders full force and pushes me over. Appalling. A few minutes later, my friend - whom is very drunk is dancing and stumbles into someone, as we sometimes do when we are intoxicted dancing in 3 inch heels- and a security guard grabs her by the arm, and begins dragging her by the arm to the side, my friend pulls away because the chick is hurting her arm and the chick security guard slams her against the wall almost knocking her out.  This skanky ass place should be shut down. NEVER go here it blows, and the bartenders are assholes too.
2	I had an awful experience here.The worst thing was that the bouncers inside and outside of the club were rude, even to girls. First of all, the place wasn't even that crowded (I'm not surprised). Secondly, the bouncers would STILL like walk through you and push you aside to get through, when they could just walk around. They don't even say sorry. This happened with about 3 different bouncers to my friends and I (group of 4 guys, 4 girls). The rude bouncers straight up walked through my group and pushed us aside. How annoying.On the brighter side, this spot is unique in that the club atmosphere is different. When you look up, there are some metal bars that move around which is kind of cool. There's also supposed to be some pyro technics but I wasn't there long enough to see it. Another thing was that one of the go-go dancers was pretty good at dancing and not just shaking ass.These give the places another star. Otherwise, I would give this place one star.I wouldn't come here to dance here but maybe just check it out. It's really not worth it.There's a deal where you can get access to the 4 clubs in the Palms by paying $50, I think. Check that out.
5	This is one of the best clubs and venues to party in Las Vegas. We had the best time of our lives here. Went on Saturday night and there was no line so we got escorted in the club right away. We knew the bartender so all drinks were taken care of. Even the bouncers were so nice and let us stand right in front of him and dance. Nobody was pushing when they went by us and the crowd was great. Paul Okenfold put on a great show and we had the time of our lives. I would totally go back everytime I am in Vegas!! Thanks so much
4	Oh Rain... Good memories, good times and just plain fun!!! If you havent been here... look it up. You might be missing. =)
4	I was able to skip the incredibly large line and get in to Rain just as the nightclub opened, one fantastic Saturday night, thanks to the club manager, and the fact that I was writing a review of Rain for a San Diego magazine.  The atmosphere is really cool and unique.  The flames are awesome.  The drinks are strong and priced as unreasonably as any other popular nightclub in Las Vegas.
1	What's up with Perfecto and that performance art piece with an orange ball? I just don't get it and not because I'm some art school snob. Music was good when he was spinning but not when he was transitioning. He just kept giving himself kudos or something. Felt like I was at some high school rave with all these guys flashing their glow sticks. Pretentious aliens/bald guys in long tails were passing out glowsticks to people lining up outside and inside the club.Couldn't believe the long lines...both VIP/Guestlist and pay lines (us and $30 each). When we left, there was an even bigger mob.
5	Lots O'fun
3	Ahhhh, Rain brings back memories. It was great about 4 years ago. Now, not so much. It's huge though and it is still better than many other clubs. If you're having trouble getting in elsewhere, try your luck here and you can still salvage your night.
2	This club is done.Simply put.  Went several years ago for new years and it was awesome but just went a couple months ago for my birthday and it was weak.  Somebody grab a fork from N9Ne Steakhouse its over.  Rain reminds me of the guy who graduated college a few years ago and still goes back for fraternity parties and everybdoy kinda pats him on the back and then gives him that weird look that says "what are you doing here?"  Here's a hint yelpers, when reviews say that this club "brings back memories' ....ouch.   Clubs are like dogs for every one year we age they age 7, that would make rain.......49 years old, who wants to hang out with the almost 50 year old who still thinks he's 25??
5	I have been to Rain plenty of times since the Palms opened and it is definitely a quality club.  The dance floor is a little small since the VIP tables on the dance floor take up most of the space now.  But when Oakenfold is a resident on a Saturday night who cares.  I don't really have any negatives about this club.  I would buy the advanced tickets off the web as you get in without waiting in the large line.
3	Ahh the famous Rain Night Club. I saw it on MTV the Real World Vegas and I wanted to go. On Saturday night, we reserved a VIP upstairs. I actually like the Palm Casino and I saw the hottest girls than any other Casinos. Anyways so we waited outside and it was packed. We had to wait for everybody to get there and once everybody did we still had to wait. It took freaking forever to get everybody on the Mini-Elevator that fit only like 6 or 7 people. After like an hour I was able to get up there. I mean it was cool, we had two room that connect to a balcony where you see the whole club and there's a Redbull machine that you have to put money in to get. We got our bottles and start drinking the night away. I mostly chilled outside on the balcony so I can watch the dance floor. While standing on the balcony, I kept feeling this hot air blowing at me. I don't know who likes the fire thing but that shiet is annoying. It blow every couple of seconds at one direction then another. It was annoying because it was freaking hot and it make your face feel wet and sticky. The dance floor is really small and there's no room to really dance at all. There's like a bar somewhat in middle of the dance floor so we grabbed a few drinks and talk to some girls. Even being downstairs that fire was still annoying. I think that fire thing just ruin my whole night because it's already hot in a club but with that fire it just me sweat even more. I would not go here again, seriously get rid of that crap. The club ain't even all that and there's no room to really dance. The VIP place is pretty nice and private for all the VIP upstairs. There's also a bar up there if you ran out of drinks and want to grab a few. I spend most of my times upstairs and party. There's a little dance floor up there that has a lot more space than downstairs. But if you don't have VIP, might as well not go there. I gave it 3 stars because I was in the upstairs or else I probably wouldn't stayed at this club long.
3	My friends and I hit up PERFECTO while in Vegas a couple weekends ago. We are huge electronica fans, so this was the place to go. Or so, I thought.There was a huge ass line, but the girls in our group got in for free. Thanks to MA's boobies. :) Guys had to pay $40. Once inside, the music was really loud, almost deafening. The dance floor was really small, as most of the other Yelpers have mentioned. I fell down the stairs coming down from the upstairs area cuz there was no light AT ALL in that area. And no, I was not drunk, in fact I was sober. It hurt like a bitch and I bruised and scraped my left arm and leg really bad, but being the trooper that I am, I stuck it out. Good thing the lady in the restroom had band-aids. BTW, the wounds are still healing. Ya'll need to put some lights by the stairs!! Someone could fall down and break something!So. We came to see Darude ( Sandstorm DJ) and he was awesome! He had some bangin beats and got me outta my chair to dance. Thank god they had couches so I could rest my ass.Crowd was mixed. No fights. People seemed to be having a good time, so I can't complain.I loved the dancers in the glowing outfits and the fire show. Only in Vegas. Doubt I will come back though. Unless a really awesome DJ was spinning here. Rain was way better when it hosted Pimp N Ho back in da day.
3	NOTE - This review is based on a previous visit to Rain (March 23,2007) during Hugh Hefner's 81st birthday weekend extravaganza at the Palms casino. Now that I'm on Yelp, thought I would write a review on it :) What you can take from this review is my experience with VIP booth, the service, music and the club in general.From what I remember: - Friday night and it was for my bachelor party.- Reservations were made for 10 individuals and 3 bottles. - The club line was extremely long and it made sense for the Rain VIP hosts to get their VIP reservation guests in the club and settled. We were escorted into the club, up some stairs and into a cabana booth. I was glad we didn't have to wait for too long considering the amount of money we were about to spend that evening. - Our booth was situated on the 2nd floor overlooking the dance floor. From the get go, I found the dance floor small so it was guaranteed to be packed in a moments time. - Our waitress did a commendable job managing our booth during the course of the evening so that was a definite plus. Gratuity was already included in the bill once presented to us by our waitress but we knew this ahead of time. - Music from the resident DJ was average (not surprising) but most of my attention was focused on the party going on in our booth. - No issues with the bouncer managing the staircase when it came to bringing up people we had met in the club to our booth. Some advice when it comes to those stairs, the club itself is dark and if you're drunk, ask for HELP! I swear we witnessed 4 girls completely wipe out on the stairs and give the entire club a peep show ;) - I'm sure you've heard or read about the flamethrower above the dance floor. I came to the club to drink, dance and mingle, NOT to hold a BBQ stick over the balcony roasting marsh mellows! - Being it was Hugh Hefner's birthday weekend, the clientele up in this joint was first class, not to mention the many Playboy groupies & models gracing their presence in the club. I can understand a high rating way back then for this club but it doesn't come close to what is available now (ie. XS, Tryst, Body English just to name a few). Keep in mind, it's 2009 people and honestly, Rain has slowly washed away into "just" another club......next! Unless Rain gives me a reason to come back (ie. special guest DJ that I follow), once was good enough.
5	I was dancing the rest of my evening/early morning here, this place was PACKED so I never made it to the main dancefloor. LOL!Jamie Pressley was there, didn't take a pic with her tho bcuz she seemed annoyed. =(Bartenders were nice. Yay for them! Felt the FIRE from a distance, thought that was interesting. Next time, I'm gonna be up on that VIP stage next to the DJ--- just watch! LOL
2	Poor man's version of Moon. Get ready for crazy pyrotechnics and smoke/fog machines...
5	Loved this nightclub - great DJs, lots of space, friendly professional staff.  The water fountain in the middle of the club is unusual for a nightclub, but had a great time here.
3	Disappointing. DJ AM's Friday night set is the ONLY reason this place gets the 3 stars I gave it. The place was lacking in ambience and seems dated compared to other Vegas hotspots like Tao, Pure and Tryst, which all scream opulence. The place was teeming with obnoxious d-bags who think they're God's gift to women. Does Nevada have fire codes??, because I could barely move in there, too!!
5	ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS....i loved the outdoor lounge area..DEFINITELY COMING BACK.
4	My friends and I went  here again 2 weeks ago, always a blast on saturdays!!! Nick Warren was the DJ on that PERFECTO thing they have and the music was amazing. too bad they close at 4am! but will def hit up this place again the next time we're in vegas
2	The only reason why I came here was because 1 of my friends was dying to go and DJ AM was spinning. I had an ok time but I'm sure it could've been better. The line was HUGE but luckily my friend is a local and got us in quick. Cover is $30. Drinks start at $12. Bartenders not so nice, at least not on the first floor. I recommend to get a spot upstairs with either bottle service or if you can't afford that then they have a bar up there. You get a good view of the whole club. I really enjoyed being up there because it's a lot more private and you can dance with your group instead of drunk and sweaty people downstairs. We got there very very late about 2am so of course everyone was wasted so people were throwing up left and right. Ughh GROSS! But then my friend threw up so he got escorted out and of course we had to follow. Good Times!
5	it was fun here... very nice ..came to Vegas for memorial weekend. came with friends and cousin...hella packedno waiting in line though so it was koo..
4	I went here during my vacation trip. The line was not that long for me to get in, but that's probably due to me getting there late at around 1 in the morning.Anyway, I was very impressed with this nightclub. There is an outdoor area with a bar and the view was nice. The inside was huge with three floors which I thought was amazing, plus they have bottle service if you pay the loads for it. I'm not much of a clubbing person myself, but coming here was definitely a good experience.
4	I actually liked this club! I'd like to come back. I think DJ AM was here and DJ Jazzy Jeff was here when we were...they played good mixes! Went here for my bachelorette night and again...my shoes hurt and the damn security kept tellin me to put my shoes on as I was dancing.
5	This was included with my VIP Wristband This place was my favorite great music really made u feel great as if you were in Ecstasy lol i don't even do drugs but i imagine the feel of one being here is like no other Lasers,Flames,and Great music. if you want to experience something new and dance this is the place Very good place for Techno based on its surroundings which i love. hey did i mention this was my 1st time in Vegas on the day of my 21st Birthday WOW !
5	BEST club in Vegas!! =)After going to Pure Nightclub and feeling like my feet were going to fall off from waiting in line for OVER two hours and suffocating with the millions of bodies smoking ciggs inside, I had my reservations about going to another club in Vegas. I mean, I didn't pay $30 to be pushed around and have drinks poured on me by sweaty douchbags. But Rain Nightclub is not like the rest of the clubs on The Strip! First off, the lines are organized. And there really is such a thing as GUESTLIST?? =O NO WAY! And once inside, I'm not getting packed in by sweaty pricks and snooty girls. Everyone is really there having a good time! Maybe it's because everyone actually has BREATHING room.They have acrobats everywhere! Hanging from the walls and ceilings and climbing over stair rails and tables... it's like your own Cirque Du Soleil show without actually going to one of the shows! At some point, above the dancefloor, they'll actually shoot fire above it! Crazy. And there are 10+ TV screens that fill the back of the stage for an awesome visual experience!There's also a nice outdoor patio area to sit down and hang out by the pool. And inside there are two additional levels to hang out on besides the main floor. There's no seats for the non-VIP'ers but there's plenty of rail to hang onto. And I LOVE that Paul Oakenfold is a resident DJ here. And his guest DJ's are GREAT! I just came here and saw ATB! How awesome! I can't believe I missed Above & Beyond when they were there! This place is definitely a place for all you trance lovers. There aren't, if any, many clubs that play trance on The Strip.I can't wait to come back here. This club is a must stop place for me everytime I'm in Vegas!
4	this place on labor day weekend is off the chain. i love this club, it feels like ur at a rave. super black with all the lasers. cool club. i was already so messed up when i got into this club for "pimp's and hoe's weekend" so theres not much i can say, cuhs i don't remember. but i think any party at the palms is must! i will go again!
4	Me & my buddies went to Vegas for Memorial Day weekend, and I was pretty stoked. I was even more stoked when we decided to go to Rain, cause DJ AM was there, and I'm pretty much on TRVSDJAM band waggon. So we get there, to the Palms hotel, and see the massive line of people formed, waiting to pay there $45 to get in to the club. Anyway, we were able to skip the line and get in for free, all like 13 of us (don't ask me how), and in no time, we were inside and ready to party. I was thoroughly pleased by this place, it was very ample and not too stuffy, there was the burning ring of fire type thing that was lowered from the ceiling, which looked cool but I don't see what that has to with Rain in the Desert. DJ AM was mixing it up, playing some kick ass jams. I guess the only bad thing I can say about this place, can be said about most places in Vegas (and the Gaslamp too for that matter)... the drinks are just waaaaay toooo expensive. But hey, that's to be expected, right?
5	Yay for DJ AM on Friday nights!  This was the only reason I came to Rain and  was totally glad that I did.  I had a blast!  I don't know if the pool area is usually open, but it was nice to go out there and chill when the main club area got too hot (even though it wasn't much cooler outside), plus the bars and bathroom were less crowded out there.  The only thing I didn't like was the fire above the dancefloor.  OH MY GOD!  It made it unbearably hot!  Why would you do that when it's already 100 degrees outside?!  But still, this club is awesome.
3	OKAY so we walk into the palms. walk to the side of the ridiculously LONG line and my girls work their magic. we pop right in with this group of very douche-y dudes. no cover no wait...watever we are IN.omfg?! who CHOSE this CLUB??! WHYYYY in 100degrees @ 12am would you choose an OUTDOOOR CLUB?! SURE its prettty ..nice big pool, lotsa lush seating, wide space, but OMG it has trance music....so i was sorta freakin out. i mean seriously i wanted to run back into the AC'd casino. after a few drinks at the bar...2 greygoose, 1 patron & 1 redbull was $50 ugh....my friend showed me the club was INSIDE hahaha thanks gf!we walk in and its like an arena...people up above on another level lookin down..middle seating for private parties and the  rest of us riftraft wander around the outside circle. man the place was PACKED but do-able for a vegas club!and guess who was DJing? DJ AM! & guesss who was next to him?? JOHN MAYER!!! i got to say that john mayer is totally ew to me but there in person he was pretttty hot =)after a few songs...of course JOURNEY!! he played some more interesting oldschool songs...while tryna dance next to DJ AMs stage we were gettin straight pushed into the tarp covering the stage...i thought i was gona be smothered...soooo once again we left the clubMAN maybe i just need to suck it up and get a little trampled but come on i cant BREATH ew especially with stinky sweaty people (includin myself) all up on meeee~!!so we left tried to go to Moon but they were packed and wanted 40$ per girl...then they said $30....then $20 hahaha but the rest of the grls went back to Rain and me Dee & Hannah S called it a night!!
5	So here it goes... I'm not a fan of clubs. especially over priced ones in Vegas. My friends wanted to go to a club so i said what the hell. We ended up getting into Rain free with bottle service. once i walked in i was in awe. there were cirque de solei type people with weird ass get up's hanging from the ceiling twirling up and down. there was another guy on stilts walking around looking creepy but seemed to be dancing to the beat. there were balcony's, about 3-5 levels over looking the dance floor. the music was great. it was a trance drum and bass kinda thing mixed by DJ Icey. i went to the bar and ordered my usual rum and coke to begin the night. the bartender said 8 bucks. 8 bucks?? that's awesome! they're usually 14 bucks at pure. the crowd was cool everyone was completely enthralled by the dancers and the good music. the security was lax. there was this over-sized Manny Ramirez looking guy watching over our table whom would move anyone that blocked our view of what was over the balcony. all-in-all, it was a pleasant experience, i wouldn't mind going back here in the future.
3	I visited this club, and had table service.  So I was sitting on the left balcony (when facing the stage).   We arrived a bit late in the night, I think nearly midnight, so the place was crowded and things were already bumpin.  Thankfully though, we didn't have to wait in line (because of having a table), and we were able to stay above the crowds.I thought this club was cool in how many levels they had...there's various tables and rooms you can reserve that go up in circles.  It's kinda like being in a stadium.  Also, the lighting system hanging over the main dance floor is quite intricate, with swinging parts all over.  However, I honestly wasn't a big fan of the atmosphere.  It was a bit too crowded (not as bad at the table area), and the place didn't seem to attract the best clientele.  I did enjoy the music at this place, and it seemed to be a great party, but it just wasn't quite my scene.
4	Went to Tao the night before and Rain was definitely a step up in my opinion.  I like the set up with the huge open dance floor in the middle with tables around the floor.  Went with a group of 20 people and got a table there so we didnt have to wait in line at all...but i did see the line for the place..and it was ridiculously hectic...not sure if it was a line or just groups of people crowding around the entrance.  Inside it was not quite as crowded as Tao but i prefer that.  The only complaint i have is that the music was not diverse at all.  All house/trance...which is fine for me but we had a few people that do not dance to that.  Oh and the table service was excellent.
2	Unfortunately I cant relate to the people who had a good time here, which I really blame the music and the overall vibe. After paying the $40 cover, I walked in excited because I had never been here before. Once I walked in I loved the decor, and the setup was pretty nice as well. After about 30 minutes I really wanted to get a vibe going but all they were playing was techno, and house which I despise, and half my music collection in instrumental music (all different crazy weird types). However this wasnt working for me, fast forward to 6 hours later they finally started to change up the music outside. It was douchebag central inside. They starting to play some hiphop around 4am, and all of a sudden boom Danzig  "mother" comes on. I screaming the lyrics at the top of my lungs and while I looking around I noticed that peoples faces look like you put needles in their eyes haha. It was classic, and thats actually why I gave this place the extra star.I also saw brittany star from rock fo love and charm school there.
3	This place was well sized and pretty quick to get into. Good music - the DJ was definitely working in some great transitions - and it was a really even ratio of guys to girls ~50/50 (first time I've ever seen this sort of ratio in Vegas)---good/bad however you take it. The drinks were good - a bit pricey ($12 for a vodka redbull? really?)  but hey, it's Vegas. One thing that drove me nuts, though.. every so often they had this firey burst that would heat up the dance floor. We're all already sweating and in need of a cool breeze, then go and blow flames at us? REALLY? Otherwise, this place would've gotten a 4th star. If you are in Palms, though... I'd recommend Moon or Ghostbar.
4	come here when you want the best of the best. it may not be the largest place but it gets "down" none the less......wonderful
2	Four years ago, you could not even get in to this club. It is 2009,  is this place still open? With all the other clubs out there this place has reached its peak and is now on the downward slope of a ski resort.  It had its fifteen minutes of glory it is time to step back and let the other clubs take center stage. The flamethrower on the dance floor  is getting old.
2	I went to Rain in March 2008 and had the best club experience of my life.  Great mixture of House and Top 40s music, awesome bouncers, and an intense but fun crowd.  I'll never forget the fire shooting from the ceiling, the moat around the dance floor, and the rain!Of course, I had been dying to go back ever since.Super disappointment.  I was in a group of 5, all girls, for a bachelorette party.  We went on a Saturday night.  We were also on some kind of list and were told to walk up to one of the guys with a clipboard to get into the club and bypass the line (which wasn't even that long).  We tried to walk up to the guys with the clipboards, but were rudely informed to get in the back of the line.  One of the girls with us tried to get a little closer to ask the bouncer/promoter/guy with the clipboard/complete dickhead exactly where we were supposed to go since we were on the list.  He responded by shoving her into one of the metal posts that held up the velvet rope to guide the line.  It actually hurt her pretty bad and she had a bruise on her leg the next day from the incident.  Now, we had already had a few drinks but none of us were drunk at this point.  We were, however, wearing heels.  Dickhead continued to insult us by claiming that the girl he shoved was "wasted" and acted as if that's why she fell.  Oh, I'm sure it had nothing to do with the 5 inch heels or the fact that he caught her completely off guard by pushing a female.Who the hell do these bouncers think they are?  Power trip much?Moving on....   All the bouncers inside were more or less on the cooler side.  The moat was gone.  It didn't rain. (?!) But fire still shoots out of the ceiling (so there's basically one good thing still there).  I heard the DJ was supposed to be great, but I have to disagree.  The music made me angry, actually.  The house music was more appropriate for a rave and maybe if I had been thizzin I could have found a beat to bounce to or something.  Instead, I just got a headache and decided to wait for my friends outside in the casino.There was also an outside area by the pool that served as a lounge/mingling area.  I'm not sure if it was new or I just didn't remember it from the last time I went, but I enjoyed that area much better than the actual club.  They served drinks and you could actually hear people talk over the horrible music, so I kicked it out there for a hot minute.One more thing- the gogo dancers were kinda tight.  I did enjoy watching them in their crazy black-light outfits.  Good job, girls.  I sure as hell wasn't in the mood to dance but at least they were somewhat entertaining.
5	I had the best time here.  I was super drunk when I showed up but I could still remember most of the night.  I went to Tao the night before and compared to that, Rain makes Tao seem even shittier than it already was. LOL Any ways. Bar tenders super nice, sound system was BOMB.  bouncers were super nice.  I was so drunk at one point where I think I fell right in front of the bouncer and he was so nice about it.  He helped me up and just told me to be more careful and didn't even try to kick me out.  My friend straight up passed out at the bar for a second right in front of the bouncer and her just looked at him, wanted to kick him out but we talked to him and he ended up saying "Give him some H2O and he can stay".  Superb treatment and friendliness.  I don't think I've ever had such a good time at the club. The scene was cool.  I Loved the decor and the performers.  There was a guy on stilts handing out glow sticks. A girl with metal underwear on and a chainsaw creating sparks and all the crazy looking animals.  I loved it all.The music that night was AMAZING.  I'm a house/techno lover so this may not apply to all.  I had so much fun that I couldn't even walk anymore but I refused to leave because Rain was definitely worth the pain.All the guys I went with had to pay $25 EACH....which was the only "steepness" but everyone had fun and they all thought it was worth it and WAY better than Tao.
1	It's been awhile since I've been here (think summer 2006 - a weekend in August to be exact).  The place is in my book grossly overrated.  $20 cover.  I *never* pay cover.  My friend who gets me into all the clubs by getting herself on the guest list couldn't hook it up with this one.  She said it was worth the money so I relied on her judgment and - was disappointed.  We did, however, bypass the line because we were a group of about 5 girls, which helps.  I was there for a total of about 20 minutes and decided to take a taxi back to the hotel room (where my less risque friends were) while my friend and her buddies stayed to scavenge for men. The dance floor is too small.  Period.  I don't see the appeal of being sprayed with mist followed by hot flames that come down to "heat it up" as it were.  It just made me feel icky and in need of a shower.  The people on the dance floor are packed in so close there is no elbow room to dance - or move.  The drinks there were not strong enough to keep me falsely entertained, or interested in staying.  I cannot therefore recommend this place to anyone who likes to actually DANCE on a dance floor (the only thing you can do in that amount of space is grind with someone so for some, I guess that's all that matters).
4	This was my first ever Vegas clubbing experience. The 4 stars is for when it was popular back in the days 2004? I had just turned 21! It was pretty cool Indoor dancing with that pretty awesome ring of fire and little canal where people just throw up in. Outdoor pool area for dancing is quite small. Very long wait to get in. It's pretty nice. Haven't been back, I'm not sure how cool it is now in 2009!
1	We came to Rain on Halloween because we were on the guestlist.  A minor mishap because top flight security didnt understand made us wait in a line for an hour.  It was ridiculously crowded outside the club and there was a line that went through half the casino JUST for guestlist.  So the security told my friend to have us stand in that line [[after telling him whose list we were on]]. So we stood in line for an hour until we got to the area where you tell them which list you're on [[halfway through guest list line]] "We're on Adam's list""Oh Adam's list, you go straight to the front""But the security told us to get in this line...?""No, Adam's list is VIP, this is promoter's line"ugh, wtf?! Dont make us VIP people stand in line.  Yes thats right, I didnt need to be standing in the casino looking like a slut longer than I needed to.....We get in and it's techno, techno, techno!  Apparently it was some Perfecto thing because it was a Saturday.  Out of all the list we put ourselves on at the Palms, we picked Rain to carry out or Halloween destiny.  Well thats unfortuante because all that techno madness had me cut my night SHORT!
3	It pains me to have to pin this one down, since it's equally easy for me to imagine someone having a 5-star as a 1-star experience at Rain. So here's a menu of ratings depending on who you are and what you're looking for:5*, if you're in the mood for liquid dancing at LV's best rave, headlined by roughly monthly appearances by larger-than-life Perfecto ringleader Paul Oakenfold.4*, if you're here on a summer Sunday afternoon for the Cinevegas awards ceremony to hear Trevor Groth, Dennis Hopper and other rockstars of the independent film movement talk about cinema on the edge.3*, if you're staying at the Palms, played blackjack way later into the night than you said you would, and just couldn't be bothered to jump in a cab to Tao or XS, so you've convinced yourself that the flame throwers and acrobatics are what you really need in a club.2*, if you trekked out from the strip w/o making sure your door situation was handled and you now find yourself waiting in line on the floor of the not-entirely-classy Palms casino.1*, if you're partisan to the plush, homey, living-room ultra-lounge coddling that popped up in NYC's meatpacking district a decade ago (http://www.yelp.com/biz/apt-new-york), in LV courtesy of Steve Wynn and Victor Drai (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tryst-las-vegas), and just recently in LA (http://www.yelp.com/biz/my-house-los-angeles-4). Rain is more like an industrial warehouse, save the 1984 book-burning goth hipsterness of the one on La Cienega that Lenny Nero crawls into in Kathryn Bigelow's chef d'oeuvre Strange Days.
2	I stayed at the palms for my birthday and as part of a package got all access line passes to all of the palms clubs... Rain was probably my LEAST favorite. Although the DJ (Skeet Skeet) that night was pretty awesome and my friend was totally vibing for the 2 trips we made down here. It was mediocre at best in my opinion. The coolest thing in this place was the fire that spurts from the hanging fixture in the middle of the dance floor. Probably will never go back...
2	We came here on a Saturday.  The first time I tried to go in, they told me that my friend was too drunk to get in -- which was annoying since I was clearly the drunk one.  No wait, I mean -- we were fine.We got in later, and it really wasn't worth it.  There was no one inside, the dance floor was pretty crappy and they wouldn't let any of us sit even though none of the tables were taken.  That was kind of annoying.The bouncers just seemed like jerks.  I guess if you have a pass to each of the clubs you could come here for a drink.Anyways -- they ended up closing and kicking us out at 2am.  I guess they even realized they didn't want to be there.
2	Techno/House/Trance music .. not my bootay shaken music. But if you like it, more power to you .. Overall, its  pretty big venue though. Very open with lots of room to walk and people gawk. Compared to the other places .. this place wasn't even packed even though there was an outrageous amount of people waiting in line to get in.
3	Get yer glow sticks out!  This is what I think of when I think of Rain at the Palms.  We got on the list for Saturday night for Perfecto with Paul Oakenfold so we headed to the Palms to get our rave on.I definitely recommend getting on the list so that you can pass the line and do not have to pay to get in.  If you are a dude you are still going to have to pay but you can skip the line anyway and that's worth it right there.The sound system in this place does rock and you will have your eardrums blasted out by the techno/house/trance stuff that they play.  I will be the first to admit I am not a huge fan of this type music - I prefer some bootyshakin hip hop and rap to dance to - but Rain is one of the better places if you are going to dance to the techno tunes.  The dance floor is huge, fire shoots out randomly to the point where you can feel the heat on the dance floor, sometimes they have snow coming down from the ceiling, crazy acrobatic people come out to entertain you, and this particular night there were performers in crazily decorated spandex bodysuits walking on stilts into the dancing crowd.  If you have a few drinks, which are surprisingly stout for Vegas, then you will get into it and enjoy it.Overall I am not the hugest fan of this place since I prefer a different type of music.  But honestly, I'm in Vegas and I'm getting bombed so any club is going to be alright once I get my buzz going!
3	Purchased the wristbands to hit all the Palms clubs.  It's interesting to see fire shooting out over the croud, and the acrobatics of some of the folks working there, other than that, meh.  It's a place you should go once to say you've been.
4	A promoter we had met on the strip got my whole group and I into Rain for free! Well, almost: we had to pay for 3 people at full price ($20) but that split between 17 people is close to being free :)So I'm a huge fan of progressive, electro, house, drum and bass, etc. and so when I saw that Paul Oakenfold dj's every Saturday, I was really excited to go. Not only that, Markus Shulz was guest dj-ing that night!The venue was great! I mean, its not the type of venue that you would expect a night club to be. It had high ceilings, and it looked more like an indoor stadium. There were acrobats, fire, and aliens that handed out glowsticks which was weird, but interesting :PAnyways, I know that The Palms isn't on the strip, but a taxi ride (or for my group of 17, a limousine) will get you there in about 10 minutes. I'd definitely recommend checking it out!
4	My sisters took me here for my 21st Birthday.Of course, my fam has bad luck when it comes to vacations, so there was a freak snow storm in Vegas that grounded all flights so the club wasn't too packed.I have to say that I was extremely impressed with every aspect of this club. We got into the VIP line because my lovely sisters had gotten bottle service. As soon as we got there waiting to go in, two young men started talking to us. They were WASTED and obnoxious. I thought we were going to have to deal with them for the duration of the wait but one of the workers immediately approached them and kicked them out. BRAVO. From there, we were treated like royalty, our own bouncer, three people watching our mixers in case we poured any of it out. Our OJ and red bull were full the night through. We were allowed to go to all of the clubs within the Palms and were brought there with a bouncer that looked more like a sumo wrestler. Each time we entered a club we were greeted by name and asked how we liked the previous club and if they could get us anything. The club itself was hip and young. I appreciated that as  21 year old, I didn't stand out as the youngest person there. I also like that the go go dancers were dressed in sexy Christmas gear for the holidays. It made it a lot more fun and the pyrotechnics were amazing. Every now and then, flames would shoot out of a metal structure hanging from the top of ceiling. Very cool.If I return to Vegas, I will have to stop by Rain. Their VIP program is perfectly executed and when in Vegas, if you have the means, or in my case, the sisters, GO VIP.
2	WARNING:  This nightclub contains bass known to the State of California to cause pace-maker interruption and exacerbation of high blood pressure or other cardiac harm.Literally the thudding hurt my otherwise healthy ticker and made me crave the nearest exit. Or maybe it was the seizure inducing flashing lights that would periodically come up to full power for 5 seconds revealing exactly how unattractive those around me were. Or the fact that these momentary flashes also provided me with a glimpse of the space - a huge dirty industrial warehouse. The music was decent but enjoyment was truly interrupted by concern for my heart falling out of my chest cavity...if you can imagine.
5	I love RAIN! Been here a few times and each time I went I had an absolute blast.  I have seen acts such as The Offspring and Too Short (from back in the day), but that is not why I like Rain...It's for the DANCING! The best music EVER... my fav type of dance music, hip hop/top 40 and old school hits made it for an evening of singing every song and dancing up a storm.  I kept dancing all the way to 4am.  Wow... I don't think I have done that since college.  There is something about that place, maybe the dancing, that kept my energy going.  It's like how they say they pump oxygen into casinos, I swear they pump it into Rain also.  I would believe it :) My friends and I got in for free (even with two guys), because of some special going on I think it was?  Had a blast and look forward to going back soon!
4	AWESOME go go dancers. They were like... America's Best Dance Crew style... I couldn't stop watching.  DJ KID CAPRI was DJing when I was there and he f-ing tore it up. They had really cool fireballs too. Two complaints... 1. drinks are sooo expensive. But maybe this is just expected in Las Vegas.  2. Dance floor is a bit small/crowded. Overall, I had a GREAT time here.
4	I came here for NYE with Paul Oakenfold spinning. I had never been to Rain before. I am so glad that we decided to come to Rain for NYE. First off, the bouncers were super cool all night (at all clubs at the Palm). Rain isn't a super lavish club like XS or Tryst, but it has a large dance floor and very efficient layout. Paul Oakenfold is the resident DJ here every weekend which is awesome. What makes Rain so memorable is the flame spitting "chandelier" above the dance floor that shoots fire during some songs. It does not disappoint at all. It's a classic in the Vegas club scene and a must visit for Vegas veterans.
5	Rain is still a great club on Friday nights even though DJ AM is gone.  I forgot who the new resident DJ is now, but he can play a pretty good mix that'll keep you dancing all night long.  And the fire above the dancefloor is so much more appreciated when it's a freezing cold winter.
4	Minimum Age: 21+.Cost: ~$30Crowd: Mixed, 20-30's.Dress Code: Fashionable attire.Music: TranceDate Attended: 01/23/10, SaturdayPurchased Palms All Access 4 in 1 Pass for $75 here, http://www.bestofvegas.com/Night-Clubs/All-Access-4-in-1-Nightclub-Pass/.  We got the VIP tickets so that we could attend all the clubs without waiting in line.  Oops!  Big mistake.  During off-season at least, because all the clubs had no lines during this time.  Should have just got the regular 4 in 1 pass to check out the other clubs in the Palms.I always have a good time at Rain.  I like the setup, the music, the ambience.  They had acrobats up in the ceilings which was a nice touch.  And who doesn't like flames shooting from above?Pros: Music, acrobats, flames.Cons: None.
2	Went there on a Saturday night, with Trance music, due to the recommendation of my roommate, who had gone to vegas the weekend before me and was in love with the place. She spoke of acrobats with bandoliers of shots in test tube glasses, who bungee jumped down to you and handed you shots, and wonderful costumed people. Perhaps I went at the wrong hour, but I saw none of those. I did see a man in a lizard costume, who was rude and got in my face, and I did see a weird sea creature costume? which looked like one of the shipmates from davy jones' locker. the music was ok, but none of the other people I went with liked trance so much, so we left within 10  minutes. perhaps if i saw what my roommate saw, i would have had a greater experience.
2	It should have been one of the best moments of the night. Markus Schulz was about to drop Super8 & Tab's amazing remix of Paul Van Dyk's Nothing But You (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDugPeQBLbc), and the three of us that flew in from San Francisco, after having to endure a terrible opening DJ, were ready to go.Next thing you know some acrobat/performance artist starts dangling from the ceiling. Security cleared people out from a major part of the dance floor. Everyone stood watching. iPhones were out recording. No one paid any attention to Markus. The moment was ruined.That pretty much sums up Rain. A Jersey Shore inspired crowd doing pretty much everything but dancing. This includes pushing, throwing back expensive drinks, standing there, smoking, wearing Ed Hardy, texting, making out, smoking more, you name it.And the venue didn't help. More VIP space than dance floor space, mediocre sound system, visuals that seemed more appropriate for Cirque du Soleil.I needed a drink just to get through the night. And by the end of it, I smelled like an ashtray. (Not so) good times.Markus played for only two hours, and I don't blame him. I wouldn't want to spin here either, and I won't be back to dance.
4	The atmosphere is great with a massive dance floor, excellent lighting, and cool pyrotechnics. The high ceilings are a nice touch to this club inside of the Palms. The crowd was awesome and most people seemed to be from California. Me and my guests got in fairly easily and the girls got in for free (guys pay like $30 for access to all three clubs @ the palms). You just have to show up a little early and talk to the guys hanging around the outside of the club. The Dj that played that night was amazing and knew just what he needed to play to get the crowd started and keep them going. The entire time I was there I did not hear a single song I didn't like. It was a Friday night and the place was packed. Luckily Rain is a nice size so you could actually breathe in this place, unlike other clubs. I would definitely recommend stopping by here for your Vegas vacation if you are young and trying to hit the club scene. You will not be disappointed.-1 for nowhere to sit unless you have a table + bottle service
3	This was the first club i've been to in vegas. I went on a Friday night with a ladyfriend. Thanks god, cuz let's just say the odds were not in my favor that night. But I guess that's to be expected at any place. Got on the guestlist from a friend so didnt have to pay cover.The place itself is really cool. It looks huge walking in. The DJ booth/stage was really cool with all the tvs and lighting behind it. Fridays are hiphop/top 40, which is great for dancing. Z-trip was spinning and he did a great job of keeping the crowd moving. The multilevel tables/VIP area in the back were really cool. The dancefloor is pretty big but it filled up quickly. The crowd was a good mix. The fire effects totally caught me off guard, i've never been a fan of those and it felt like the hairs on the back of my neck burned off. Prices? Well, it's vegas. Can't really complain. Bars were pretty well spread out but when a place is full it's gona take a while to get a drink no matter what. All in all I had a good time.
4	I just returned from an incredible weekend in Vegas, went to about 8 clubs and I have to say Rain was my favorite. Great live show, amazing music and the Palms is an overall extremely fun casino and hotel. I had a friend get us in so there was no cover for girls but I believe it's expensive for guys. If you are in Vegas a few nights, make sure this is one of your stops!
1	This place is sometimes closed but most of the time... no one is even in there... the velvet rope is up like people are actually going to stand in line LOL!!!  Rain treated people like crap back in the days and now is out of business LOL!!!
3	Eh. I see an aging club trying very hard to keep up with the Vegas clubbin scene. I know Paul Oakenfold is the resident DJ there and there are many people who are excited to go see him-- unfortunately, I'm just not one of them. I just can't dance all night to trance.. just not my thing. However, each time I've been to rain, I've been pleasantly surprised with the different types of entertainment within the club-- from aerial dancers to hot men in ropes-- it was always a spectacle. However, I just don't like the music, so I'm pretty sure I probably won't be going back to Rain when I'm in Vegas!
4	The set-up here is definitely unique for Vegas. It's like a 2-story rave arena. I like the layout - circular dance floor with tables upstairs overlooking the dance floor and bars around the dance floor. It wasn't too crowded but it was a little bit too untz untz for me yaddadamean? We got Palms all-access wristbands for Moon/Playboy/Rain/Ghostbar and that was suhweet. No line anywhere and no complaints either. After a while we had to go somewhere for hiphop but if you're looking for a rave (before Drai's opens), this is the place to be.
2	We all have those nights that we'd like to forget and my time at Rain is one of them. Things started off nice as we arrived in a limo and everyone made it here. I'm not sure how we ended up at Rain because everyone talked about going to Ghostbar or Moon earlier, but we had the hookups got into the VIP line, bypassing the wait time, which was nice. Then it started to head downhill from here. I felt extremely sick and I wasn't the only one. At least I made it into the club. The club itself actually is pretty decent. The coolest part was definitely the acrobatic performers and dancers. They were hanging from the ceiling and did a ton of amazing gymnastics, which required a lot of strength and flexibility. They were also getting the crowd into it by tossing out glow-sticks and these little cartridges filled with shots (albeit nasty tasting shots). Everything else about this place sucked including the weird techno house music and the crowd. I didn't know we were getting into a place that only played techno. I felt like this was more of a rave than anything else. The creepiest thing about this night were the cougars. Like, 40-year-old cougars. It felt like we were the youngest people here and we're already in our mid 20s. It was just really weird. Imagine your mom here. Yeah, it's that bad. Forget the cover that you paid - that's already sunk costs. Not even pho the next morning can remedy you from a night like this.
5	We went on a Friday for DJ Z Trip's Revolt. Z Trip put us on the list himself but it still took 30 minutes to get in and was ridiculously disorganized. Once we were in it was spectacular. Pyrotechnics... foam falling from the ceiling. So cool! DJ Jazzy Jeff was the dopest DJ I've ever seen!! Afrika Bambaataa was the icing on the cake. The drinks were a little weak but  the music and atmosphere compensated. It would have been pricey to get in (about $60) if we weren't on the list so that is something to consider. The go go dancers were fresh to death in Nikes and Cargo pants. I would go back in a heartbeat. Highly recommend.
4	Music was awesome. We saw DJ Jazzy Jeff with a live rapper (on Redbull Radio) got to sit in the VIP area and stayed for a few good hours. The crowd was fun, not too packed, a ton of people danced so that is what mattered most. Would definitely get my groove on there next time.
2	I guess Rain used to be off the hook a decade ago but it isn't anymore.  I went 2 years ago only because my homie was chasing this chick who was going there.  So we took one for the team and went.  It's a neat looking club with the big round dance floor and the lights overhead.  There was no wait to get in, so that was a good thing.  I didn't care for the music, house, techno and some top-40.  The crowd seems like a bunch of Mid-Westerners who don't know that there's way better clubs out there.  There is some seating available even if you don't have a table, so that's a plus.  When we left, the doorman told us we also have admittance to Moon, Skybar, and the Playboy Club as well.  There's way better clubs in Vegas than Rain but check it out if you really want to.  It's far from the best but it's not the worst either.
2	The whole Vegas nightclub scene is dumb. We chose to line up and pay $30 a head for the privilege of spending half of our life savings on average drinks. We went for Friday nights with Z-trip, but he was out sick. Too bad that the sign advertising that he was not appearing was practically hidden. The cashier even told us that he was at the venue when we paid. I did not think the club was anything special. Average sound, average lighting, average venue. Guess you are paying to play at the Palms.
4	"Vegas Make Some Noise!" the DJ screamed. As I stood upon an elevated platform where our table service was situated, the crowd that was spread out in front of me was instantly blanketed by a bright white light.  They raised their arms all at once, hooted and yelled in response, and as the beat kicked in, hundreds of people began dancing in what seemed to be in perfect unison.  Huge aliens on stilts moved through the crowds handing vials of alcohol.  Scantily clad avatar"esque" women were being lowered from the sky.  Men on bungee ropes were flying, twirlling and spinning through the air. Flat screens behind the DJ flashed images of green, blue, purple, and red.I sipped my drink and took a long drag of my ciggerette. "One. More. Time. Vegas makes some noise!!" the DJ screamed.I looked out, raised my arm out in the crowd, let out a scream that was immediately lost in the roar and began one of the wildest nights of my vacation. Unbelievable.
4	This place is amazing. I'm not going to go into too much details about it though. I'd give it 5 stars, but the flame throwers were kinda distracting. I have a lot of hair and I kept thinking that I was at risk of becoming a human match head.
4	WTF is up with the freaky aliens that were giving away Jager bombs that  tasted like cough syrup.  We had a huge group and reserved a table with bottle service.  Given that we had 15 in our group, we had a 3 bottle minimum with unlimited mixers and a server.  The prices for the bottles ran from $425 to a little over $1000 each.  A bottle of grey goose was $475 and the bottle of Jack was $425, so you're looking at a 10-12x markup from just picking it up from the liquor store.  We dropped some significant $$$ in here but it was well worth it because we didn't have to wait in line and got into the club right when it opened.  Heck, if you're going to Vegas, you might as well do it big or not go at all.  Overall, it was a fun night!  Lots of good looking people that was ready to party at the club and the after party in the hotel room!
5	Wow, this place was impressive. This is one hot club, literally. Hot people everywhere you look and they have flame throwers going off above the dance floor.Good: Great club atmosphere. Bad: This place is pretty big so make sure you come on a busy night.Final: Would come back again!
4	Z-Trip's Revolution Fridays = win. Get on a list because the line sucks, even at 11 something.
2	I think this place is grossly overrated.. Way too crowded, the dance floor is tiny, and sweaty.. The music was too loud to the point we had no idea what song was playing! I don't know. Maybe I wasn't drunk enough that night? But I didn't get what the big deal was about.. We even had a VIP room, but the employees were rude, and definitely made us feel unwelcomed, we quickly left to another club right after.
4	Awesome energy at this place! We went on a Thursday night and they had ROLLERSKATING. amazzzzzzzzzing. We were only charged $5 for entry (probably because it was before midnight) and didnt buy any drinks. so im not sure on the price range. the music was fun, the atmosphere was pretty awesome. the bouncers werent the friendliest, but i guess thats why theyre bouncers. i asked for a cup of water after rollerskating and i expected to pay for it, however it was free. huge bonus. pretty awesome place, i recommend checking it out. =)
3	big ass room to get your dance and/or drink on.  we went on a friday, which is apparently hip hop day.  the music was ok.  the drinks were alright.  the fire "display and bubbles were fun!  there is another level where people can stand and watch.  i always wonder why people just stand and watch. but to each their own.
2	Went here w a group of girls 4th July weekend. Came here on a Friday and got in w/o much wait. This bitch in line of us for NO REASON, starts looking up and down at our group of girls and says to her friends, "OMG, these people behind me are so ulgy" ... are you sure you aren't talking about yourself?? Seriously, we didn't even give you any looks or talked about you. Whatever, she and her friends looked barely 21 and were probably trying to act all cool. I'm sorry, but your dress looks like something my mom would wear... so w that said, I was a bit irritated when the night started. But whatever, it was a girls holiday weekend getaway and we were going to have fun!!I was really excited to check out this place after hearing and seeing all the ho-ha about fire shows that go off in the club. ... I wasn't impressed. Went here w the girls after watching Chippendales at Rio and we were disappointed that we had to leave our cheesy souviener cups from Rio outside :(  Anyways, sorry people, but this place is HIGHLY overrated. Actually, ALL the clubs at Palms are, this includes Moon, Playboy, and Ghostbar. And each place is small too!! At Rain there's 2 bar areas and a center dance floor, there are tables around and stairs in the back where people go to people watch the people dancing on the ground. The dancers are good and so is the music. However, the cranberry-vodka I had here was by far the WORST I have ever tasted. I threw it and had a redbull-vodka instead. That tasted MUCH better. There seemed like a lot of fights that broke out that night... maybe that bitch that dissed our group earlier was walking around talking smack to people, lol. I must say though that I was very impressed w the cleaning guys here. The had these flashlights and mops and came to wipe the floor whenever someone spilled drinks. They came and cleaned before I even realized that someone had spilled drinks. Can they come to my house too?? The bouncers here were nice too... but the crowd, ehh.Overall, overrated club. Not really packed for a Friday night either. If you've never been to a club in Vegas before, you will probably be impressed. If you have, then this club is nothing to write home about. I checked it out... and that will probably be the only time I'm going to be there. Go to Tao or XS, they are much better!!!
5	So, what do you do after you've gorged yourself full of seafood?  Me?  I like to take my food pregnant ass into a nice dress shirt and slacks and hit up the clubs!  Umm...well, not really.  However, having bought a "hosted bar pass" for Saturday online, my friends and I got dressed and waddled our way to Rain.Let me tell you, if you're a dude, this "hosted bar pass" is completely worth the $100.  First of all, you don't have to sit in line wondering if the bouncers are gonna even let you and your posse in.  Secondly, when they say hosted bar, they mean hosted bar.  It's all you can drink from 11:00 PM to 2:00 AM.  Granted you are limited to Kettle One vodka drinks, suck it up buttercup and get your drink on.  I recommend going with round after round of Red Bull vodkas.  It definitely helped to get this party started.  As far as clubs go, it's pretty much your standard stuff.  Gigantic speakers that make you feel as if your chest may cave in every time the bass kicks in.  Strange looking mythical creature things dancing up on stage.  Fog machine shooting onto the dance floor so that creepy guys can lurk in the fog before pouncing on some unwitting drunk girl.  I can go on and on but if you've ever gone to a club, you get the idea. Now I've read some of the other reviews and yes, the dance floor does get a little crowded.  But honestly, don't all clubs get crowded where you end up dancing on top of the people next to you?  That's always been my experience with clubs and so I wasn't surprised when it happened here.  While my friends and I had a fun time here and really enjoyed the music, what really gave Rain a 5 Star rating was the fact that the bouncers here are incredibly nice.  Yes, you read right, I said they were nice, it boggles my mind as well.  What is also going to boggle your mind is this:  I've never had such a pleasant experience getting kicked out of a club in my life.  Yes, a pleasant experience getting kick out.  As it turns out, while my friend Monica and I are a bit alcoholic and thus able to handle say, 8 rounds of vodka Red Bulls in a matter of 2.5 hours, for our friend and birthday girl, it may have been a bit much.  While I wasn't around to witness the bouncers escorting her out, they were incredibly nice in allowing my friend Monica to come back into the club to find me and my happy feet out on the dance floor.  To top it off, once outside, they weren't rude at all.  They simply stated that our friend may have had a bit too much to drink and actually walked us all the way to the taxi line, where he hailed one down for us so that we wouldn't have to wait.  There was no attitude, no "get the eff out of here you drunk bastards," none of the usual a-hole bouncer attitude.  Unfortunate that we had to leave?  Yes, I was having a great time.  However, our birthday girl obviously had a great time and I'd say that mission "getting birthday girl trashed" was a complete success.
4	I want to go back. I cannot say that for a lot of clubs. I had fun here, granted I was wasted, but something about this place made me smile. It wasn't the fire, while it was cool when you first get in, after about 15 minutes that shit is unbearable. I had to take one to many trips to the bathroom I was so hot. After dancing for a bit I became ridiculously hot and started feeling sick. This made me practically run to the bathroom, not good. Getting into one of the stall I notice the sign, only one person per stall. Well in between being trashed and not being able to walk I kind of needed someone to help. THe bathroom attendant didn't understand. SO, while i'm dry-heaving into the toilet (hot, I know) the bathroom attendant is screaming at us that we need to get out. My friend is screaming back "She is getting sick" over and over again and  I'm leaning into the toilet laughing at the ridiculousness of it. I don't know what happened when we left the bathroom but no bouncers came in to kick us out. We left easily enough, but between the fire and the packed dance crowd, (oh and the booze) my taste of Rain was a little weird. I do want to go back though, because the first 15 minutes were fun. I had no idea that there were different levels of the club, this alone makes me want to go back.
5	Only been here once. Enjoyed it. Got in line around 10:45, we were 2nd. The place doesn't open til 11:00. Other lines started forming and were able to get in first, prob cuz of table service. We got in shortly after 11:00 and w/ a discount using those discount club cards. Paid about $30Place is pretty spacious. Amazing sound system, good DJs. The fire shooting in the middle is kinda cool, but hot. Upstairs is kinda nice to chill and get a nice overview of the club
2	Probably would have never bothered with Rain but we got club hopper passes so figured might as well. Personally, I think its way overhyped. Its just pretty much a big room where you can dance. No special decor...everyone can pretty much get in and the music is kinda lame. Couldn't stand being there for more than an hour. Compared to other Vegas clubs this place is a major downgrade.
4	Huge club - went on a weekend last year, and glad we got bottle service, lineup was crazy.Bottle service was great.  1L bottle of Absolut?  and it included waters and redbulls.  My friend was ordering beer for some reason, lol.Total bill for the 3 of us came to just over $500.One complaint was our seating was near the bar on a bench type area, and everyone was just sitting beside us by the end of the night. I would recommend trying to get a table upstairs.   (-1 star)DJ Jazzy jeff made a special DJ performance, so that was excellent. Heard XS is the newest and best.
3	I club hopped from Rain, Moon, Playboy Club, and Ghostbar since they are all in the Palms and it was pretty awesome. Rain had Common performing and it was some pretty good stuff. The music after was just ok. The drinks are good but the place can be crowded! Out of all the clubs I went to that night...from best to worst (Ghostbar, Moon, Playboy Club, then Rain)
5	Wow!  Came back here last night to see ATB perform for his 1 month residency.  The show did not disappoint.  Freaking amazing music!  Danced until my shirt was soaked through.  Disgusting but whatever, it was so much fun!!
3	Unless you're a fan of techno, Cirque de Soleil style acrobatics on trapezes, creepy alien-y men on stilts, bursts of pyrotechnics, etc., I'd bypass this club and check out Ghostbar next door.1. OMG, this place was hard as hell to get into. Paul Oakenfold was DJing, so maybe that's why (guess he's famous? I never heard of him). Our friend had the hookup for the ten girls in our party, and got us in for free on the guest list, but we still had to go through three sets of lines, and it took 45 minutes.2. Techno/trance with no bursts of lyrics or melody to jazz up the beats. Way too damn loud. I left partially deaf. Could NOT dance to this. I felt like it was a rave and I should have had pasties on, glow sticks, neon hair, and been dancing like I was on E in circles.3. Crowded as Hell. You gotta push and shove to get anywhere. Lucky for me, I'm short and sneaky like a ninja, so didn't have too hard a time moving around.4. Don't know how much cover is.
4	We were lucky little girls when we found out the weekend we were staying in Vegas had Paul Oakenfold (Rain's resident DJ) spinning Saturday night......just giggling with delight, like we were 18 all over again.This club is hard to get in if you have cheap male members in your group. Ladies....work your smile, swing those hips and act stupid about not knowing if you're on the guest list. You get in right away without cover charge!Guys...sorry, but you just have to fork out several hundred dollars for a table to get in quick...otherwise everyone else will wait more than 1 hour.One huge dance floor and every so often, the thing hanging from the ceiling lights up with fire and it gets damn hot.You never have to wait too long to order a drink because they have several bars and bartenders. Great place and its just so nostalgic to hear Oakenfold spinning. Its like I'm back in my early twenties at a rave and candied out.
4	Perfecto 07.24.2010 - Kyau & Albert, BT, JES (live)!We lucked into VIP upgrades and enjoyed a view from the upstairs balcony overlooking the dance floor, champagne in hand. That was pretty nice, but there were way too many creepers trying to hit on the clubbing girls so we went down to the floor just in time for Kyau & Albert's set. AMAZING. We wove our way to the very front, literally next to the stage, and found the other tranceheads in attendance. Now those were some good vibes.The sound system was pretty good... well-suited for a small venue frequented by trance DJs. The venue itself looks really modern and trendy. The crowd is okay - much better than the club scene, but not quite the same PLUR as the good ol' days. Will definitely be back!
3	Rain is one of the clubs at the Palms and based on the lines it seems like it is the hardest to get into. I personally have never had a problem with that. though... I have been to Rain three times, each being completely different from the others. My first visit was to see a performance by Mixmaster Mike. We had arranged for bottle service so there was no wait to get in or cover charge. Sound was great. Our cocktail waitress was attentive. I got pretty sloshed and barely remember a good chunk of the evening though.  My second visit to Rain was for the monthly Down and Derby event. My good friend Dawn C and her husband are both really into skating and derby so my husband and I tagged along with them to check it out. It was a pretty cool night, we arrived early enough to snag one of the round sofa booth things. Nice to have a free place to sit and keep your shoes, purse, drinks, whatever. We brought our own skates so other then drinks (which were served in cute sippy cups that cracked me up) it was only $5 to get in. Drunken roller skating is a trip. Definitely had a fun night. My last visit was this past Saturday. A girlfriend and I decided to check it out after leaving the event at the pool we had attended. Our event wristbands got us in free, with no wait. Sadly the club was PACKED, dancing was near impossible due to all the people spilling drinks and stepping on us. And it was hot. Dancing in a massive throng of people can make someone feel hot as it is, giant fireballs overhead is kind of overkill. They look cool but make the dancefloor feel a little bit like an oven.Overall, Rain is a good club to get bottle service at or attend a cool event/see a badass dj. But otherwise, I'd probably pass.
2	Rain was a fucking debacle. I've been going to clubs in Vegas since RA in 2002 several times a year. Ive always called up a promoter and made a reservation for a table earlier in the day and get hooked up. The last few times I have been doing LAX with the same guy and its always smooth. We wanted to hit up Rain this time to see Fabolous so I made the mistake of booking and paying $580 online in advance on Tuesday and was told I would be contacted soon. I never was and waited until 2pm on Friday to look into it.  Big fucking mistake. Don't do it. I wasted 2 hours of my afternoon Friday trying to track down someone who could confirm my reservation. Was bounced back and forth between n9ne group, rain, and eventbrite. The women on the phone from rain were rude as fuck.I had figured that once they had your money they wouldn't give a fuck what happens next which seemed to be true. Finally got squared away and was seated in a "VIP" area to the left of the stage but the area had a bar in the back that was open to everyone. I'm not some asshole that needs to be behind velvet ropes but if I pay 600 bucks for a table I don't want anyone randomly sitting at it. The whole night there was random people popping up at our table, asking for drinks, asking for smokes, even putting their stank bare feet on the table... We threw our bouncer a 20 for holding it down and he was real cool about it.....our waitress was real cool too. We bought a second bottle for about $520 and were having a good time. Dave Fogg threw down a sick ass set dressed up as Jason (Friday the 13th)....Fabolous was cool but the set was super hard to hear for some reason.  When the club was shutting down we were told we couldn't  bring the last of the Vodka out of the club but the bouncer said if we pay him we could!  Fuck that....We already spent over 1100 on 2 bottles and tipped him 20 bucks to do his job.  Ended up taking the bottle and no one said shit...Rain sucks for the whole VIP set up. Too much of a hassle and not worth the nonsense. I would go again but never pay in advance and would hope we wouldn't be subjected to a fucking bribe. I also lost my fucking iphone there and some scumbag never turned it in.
4	This venue is probably one of my favorite nightclubs, and the nightclub that I go to most. WHY? Cuz I love house/trance music. Area is very big and very well ventilated as well. The SKYBOX is awesome, as well as the tv screen and light visuals.  If you love electro music, this is def. one of the spots to hit up. Saw Paul Oakenfold, Armin Van Buuren, ATB, Markus Schulz, and some other DJs here as well.UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	This was my 3rd visit to Rain..and every time I come here I manage to get in free. Me and Jessie B scored free 3 day labor day wrist bands that granted us all access to all clubs and pool over the holiday.We showed up and because of our wonderful wristbands we are ushered in past a HUGE mob of people waiting to get in.Thank god we didnt have to wait in that line!Went straight to the bar & got vodka cranberry for 10 buck each..not bad at all! The bartender even hooked us up with big glasses of ice water...which we needed bad!We were there to see Z-Trip and he finally graced us with his presence and it was on! It was super fun. I could have used a little less of the whole Jersey Shores type guys dealing on me and my friend but its Vegas & this town is full of those kind of guys!We left around 230 after we danced ourselves into a frenzy!!Awesome, awesome time!!The best time tho for a visit to Rain is Down & Derby!!Gotta love drinking and rollerskating!!
2	This club is one of the reasons I don't like clubs. Too loud, too many people, too much steppin on my cute shoes.  I didn't buy any drinks here based on the prices and the fact that I wasn't even able to move.  It was an "off" weekend but still during the summer.  I honestly think we stayed about 45 minutes here, which was way too long in my book. OH! And the fire above your head?! I'm sweating enough as it is because we are packed in like sardines, I don't need something hot going off every 30 seconds above my head.
4	Adding a star for Z TRIP. Saw him over Labor Day weekend and it was fab, love his shake-your-booty style. Waited about 3 minutes in line (yay for wristbands), was able to order drinks quickly ($10 for cran and vodka, not TOO bad for a casino club) and cruise around the upper level by the tables to find prime dancing area.
4	2am club hopping in Vegas doesn't get any better.After Ghostbar & Moon we just had to try Rain as well. The music was mostly trans after shelling out another $30.Drinks were on the same level of potency and as expensive as other Vegas clubs. the show was amazing though...people hanging from the ceiling, fire blowing from the walls, there was even a lady with a chain-saw!The second and third floor provide enough dancing and hanging out space...ur not stepping on others, sweating on others...if you want some privacy of course there are cabanas..if you know what I mean :)
4	Ok this might be more of a 3.5 star place but I'm rounding up because I managed to have a ton of fun here alone AND sober (friends had night flight out of vegas and I had one the morning the next day). However, it was all house and trance so if you don't like that you're not going to like this place. The crowd is also super mixed and random, from very well put together to...not so well put together. On Saturday night, the night I went, they have Paul Oakenfold as a resident DJ. Sadly, i missed a lot of his set but the part I heard was really good. After him, Swedish Egil, awesome awesome house. Then Glenn Morrison who was bit too much trance for my liking but manageable. They also have very good dancers and acrobatic types if you like that. The fire they blow out though is sooo hot, I could've done without that. Coming into the club I didn't know what line I was supposed to go on but somehow ended up on the one that was for free so I suggest you be confused and wander into that line too. The free cover and a drink bought by a crazy man helped to offset what were typically expensive Vegas drinks ($15 for red bull/vodka and $6 for fiji water bottle). Give me music I like and an area to dance and I'm good to go. However, I also really loved one of the bouncers who was amused by my dancing antics and gave me a bottle of water. So if you go to Rain, say hi to Ronnie for me!
4	10/8/2010Rain was hot.  We prepaid $75 this provided TRUE VIP entry & open bar from 11-2am.  So it was difficult not to have a good time.  Danced all night, the ladies were looking excellent and I loved the mixed crowd.  I'd prob give this place 3.5 stars but 4 will have to do
4	Honestly, what's not to love about Rain?! It helps that we didn't have to pay a cover because we had VIP wristbands from the Palms (highly suggest!!); but I'm sure it would have been a memorable night either way.  It happened that LA Riots and Second Sun were both scheduled to play since Paul Oakenfold has taken a haitus from Perfecto - but no matter, they put on a fabulous show.Sure, drinks were overpriced but it's Vegas so what do you really expect?The crowd was sexy - yes, sexy.  There were pretty faces and killer outfits at every turn; and really, there's a lot of turns!  The way the dancefloor is set up reminds me a bit of a horseshoe with little areas inside it.  Once you step outside and out to the bar, a larger area opens up where you can groove and move with the best of them.
2	Halloween 2010:$50 to get in after pushing through the mob. 2 drinks cost $30. Hot and crowded. Lot of "untz untz untz untz." Just stab me in the eye next time instead. The acrobats were cool and earned a star.
4	I really like the way rain was set up and the big dome arena sort of feel it gives is cool. The decor on the inside is very dark and reminded be a lot of the movie "mad max" for some reason. The Bar on the side when you enter, the big dancefloor in the middle and then the VIP sections wall. The setup sells very elaborate and comfortable. They mostly play house music here, they have giants plasma screens on the ceilings that had cool videos of the storm system. The Giant robots with Flashlights sticking out everywhere, walking around the dance floor are a cool addition to the entire feel of the place.Paul Oakenfold and his Crew of DJ's play here every week so they always have the greatest mixes spinning. I like how it rained bubbles and foam in the middle of the night. totally refreshing!If you good mixes and house music, this is an awesome place to go!
4	Though this club is off the Strip, it has everything I like about a night club...even though I am in no way a night club kind of person.The dance floor is always packed and the music is always great. However, what makes this place so appealing to me is the circular balcony that overlooks the entire first floor of the club. This is where people like me can people watch while enjoying a good, over priced Vegas drink. The bars are plentiful and the crowd is always young and attractive. Though there are plenty of places to party on the Strip, Rain is worth a visit...
4	Spent all but 15 minutes here since we were jumping from club to club (perks of knowing a very awesome vip host from the 9 group) but definitely will go back to stay longer seeing as this place is pretty flippin' cool. It is huge for one, and they bring in actual Dj's that play some real good house music (or "untz, untz, untz" as some people call it). If house music is not your thing do NOT go here. Simple as that.
4	I'm definitely not the type to go "clubbin"But I did and OMG this club has it all. Everyone was going good crazy to the music and with their glow sticks ;-)   This place is HOT and it's not because of the flames from the show.  It's a sight to see. Don't miss this opportunity if you're ever in Vegas.  Drinks expensive, but a couple of strong drinks will suffice or for you ladies make a friend and you won't spend a cent.
4	Thought we'd check out Rain on a Friday night because of the promoter we were going through. Rev Run was spinning that night, so that made it even more appealing. We arrived way early (fear of lines we saw last time we were at The Palms...but then again, it was Memorial Day weekend).I've been to a lot of nightclubs...and I'd have to say that Rain is probably one of the best layouts I've seen so far. There's a lot of space...for dancing, for standing, for VIP tables, everyone!It was easy access to the bars, we didn't have to wait any longer than a couple of minutes to get a drink. They were the normal Vegas prices for drinks, but they were made strong. The go-go dancers were the best we saw all weekend. The fire above the dance floor made it super hot, but was pretty cool every time it went off. The DJ played good music...mixed the Top 40 hits with house music right from the beginning. So we didn't have to listen to lame music for the first two hours, wondering when the headlining DJ would arrive. Rev Run was AMAZING, it was surreal to see a legend in action right in front of us.Too bad our feet hated us for wearing our heels...so we didn't last much longer than 2AM. It's a club that I would visit again though when in Vegas.
4	I am a huge fan of the music!! :)  Most of my friends weren't into it, but I was!!  Music is a huge deal to me when it comes to nightclubs.Cool things about Rain:- random costume people in stilts giving out glow sticks- trapeze artists going up and doing performances every now and then- great house djs- huge open area for dancing- nice dome looking ceiling (i like spacious things)- free waters (only if you ask for a cup of water)- really clean bathrooms- cool second story that overlooks the dance floor- thanks to my friend's promoter, not only did the girls get in for free (6 of us) but also our 9 guy friends- reminded me of a rave :)..Things I didn't like:- really small bar located on the sides of the nightclub, making it inconvenient to get drinks- also, shitty bartender that overlooked me while I was waiting for about 15 mins (and kept on serving people around me who didn't wait as long as I did)- really inconvenient and HOT blazing fire that shoots close to the dance floor- old people on the dance floor.. kinda awkI will definitely go back :)
5	Rain is amazing! I am a HUGe fan of techno/trance/house music & when I walked into rain I felt like I'd finally felt my home :)  I loved the set-up, the vibe, and the music that Paul Oakenfold played. My friend and I got free admission to Rain and the other 3 nightclubs located in the Palms so it was fun getting to experience all 4 of them in one night. I'd recommend this for anyone that's more into the rave scene than the hip hop clubs.
4	We had bottle service at Rain and got right in and the line without tables or reservation wasn't too bad. Again, service is so wonderful, they saw my glass empty and immediately made me another one along with everyone else. Hubby and I definitely can't afford to partied "table service" every night, but our dear friend... thanks to him and his host, they make it happen. Well, we got the 2nd table as you walk in, right in front of the stage. It was awesome. The dance floor was about 15 ft from us, roped off. I was quite entertain throughout the night because they had the dancers, the fire show, the strange costume character on stilts passing out glow sticks, guys and girls performed trapeze hoops and tightropes. Finally at 1am DJ Paul Oakenfold spins til 4, he was very good, very hard trance. My friends took their heels off and dance on the seats.  Some locals comes in capri and comfy shoes, and that's what you should wear to these types of events.  Us out-of towner just like my myself likes to be in dress and heels and regret later.  Who cares I had a lot of fun.   I heard he's a resident here in Vegas and spins at Rain every Sat. Ohh and If those that are interested in DJ Tiesto, He will be a resident in Vegas 2011 as well, I couldn't remember at what Casino Club. Stay tune....I
3	The owner at N9ne Steakhouse walked the whole gang into Rain. Thanks for hooking it up. Rain was as spacious as I remembered it. I am not really into the trance scene, so we bounced after 20 mins.
1	First off...cover charges are stupid. And don't get me started on $8 beers! I seriously don't know what's up w/ Vegas clubs?? Maybe I'm too old for clubs especially the ones that attracts douche bags, guidos and other Jersey Shore rejects who are living it up in Vegas. Oh and yeah chicks dressed like hookers... Oh and this club is not huge...read some reviews saying that. Are you guys kidding? This place is small and boring...where were the fireworks, hell where was the rain? For a place that has a $40 cover I seriously was expecting a nice uppity place instead I got a fancy looking warehouse of a place. Booo!!
5	I LOVE THIS CLUB!I remember wanting to go here ever since the Real World cast used to frequent this night spot.My advice though is to either prepay for the wristband to get into all the clubs at the Palms or find a street promoter with a VIP card for the same deal. This way you avoid the long lines and lame cover charge.Both times I've been to Rain DJ Jazzy Jeff has been spinning (Yes, Will Smith's friend), and he's AMAZING! I don't care how packed the dancefloor at this club gets, the music is GREAT!However, be prepared for the pyro-show. Don't get too frightened.Drinks here are expensive, so I advise drinking beforehand, find a sugar daddy, get drink tickets or pre-game at Tao (see my review on Tao). I made the mistake of buying a $18 glass of champagne. Well, I didn't regret it at the time....but it really wasn't necessary.Ldies: This club has your typical Vegas-Guido wannabe-douchebags, but you'll be so into the music....you won't care. When I went there were a few good-lookin' fellas so you'll be fine!If you want to dance to great music....check out Rain!
2	This is a 5 star club with a 0 star clientele, so thats  2.5 average and rounding down for the general crappy vibe at the Palms. If you look like snooki, or like girls who look like snooki this is the place for you. If you are the kind of girl that likes low life guidos and wannabe gangsters from LA, you will LOVE this club. Everyone else avoid the Palms all together. I was here over the CES/AVN weekend and thought the Palms had the worst crowd of all the places we went.
5	Finally went back and spent the whole night here. Absolutely love it! And I love our promoter friend Jung Kim. He is your man for any of the clubs at the Palms.No but really, if you like house music, this is where to go Saturday nights.
4	The line wasnt too long so we didnt have to wait too long to get in.  cover wasnt too high cuz you have access to all four clubs at the Palms.  I favored Rain cuz it s the biggest but I also like the great view at the Ghost Bar.  Music was good at both places.  I would go back again.
4	Gogo dancers in highlighter colors, superb house muzak, half-nakey men doing rope tricks, and futuristic space chicks swinging around through hula hoops in the sky. OooooOOOOoooOOOOOh. So much to look at!!I highly enjoyed Rain although the degree to which you will enjoy it may be subject to the following:-State of drunkenness-Taste for house-Tolerance for dumbs-Ability to withstand the heat of flames being released from the ceiling (?)Trust. 'Tis fun. Just make sure you pound a few shots down beforehand. And ladies, find the Samoan bouncer stationed around the booths, give him a wink, and you shall find yourself in the VIP area.
4	I thought the layout of this bar was the best so far... A huge dance floor in the middle with bars and traffic around the sides. There are little alcoves and balconies for just chilling and lots of room.The one positive, which turns out to be a negative, is the cigar bar... Great selection, but getting near it is toxic... I enjoy a good cigar but I don't enjoy smoking 30 at once.. The ventilation in the breakout is not sufficient, and as soon as you walk in you are greeted with a myriad of cigar scents.They do the MGM/54 thing with dancers descending from the ceiling on ropes and they do their thing which was fun.
3	This place is pretty cool ... love the mechanics in the middle which depending on when u visit the club u can see either , fire, rain or ice come out its pretty cool & different.Good music, they play a decent variety , come the end of the night it is mainly house.not too crazy about the cigar bar since i am so used to no smoking in clubs but no biggie u  just gotta stay away from it.
1	So I went to Vegas last weekend, I was planning on having a great time. Went to the Palms and heard Rain was awesome according to this very site. So we waited in line for 45 minutes. Bouncer educated us  that since we were not on a list it would take longer. Eventually got to the window and found out cover would be $60 total, $30 a-piece.  Paid the cover but still excited b/c of the way the club was described on this site. Got inside and the place was packed. People crammed in like sardines. Fog and mist everywhere, barely any lighting, no room to move. We decide to wait a bit for the dance floor to clear so we can dance. Music was great, DJ Freeman was playing some awesome music. Unfortunately there was no where to dance to it. We went upstairs to get a drink and it was $37.50 for 2 vodka Red Bulls. Tried to go on dance floor but everytime my date and I would travel out onto the floor security would stop me and let her go. She had to keep coming to get me and security kept stopping me. Apparently no dudes allowed on dance floor. We got frustrated and left. Complained to the Palms because the Rain manager could not be found. Palms said clubs are run by autonomous company and no one would be available that night.So now everyone I meet gets told how SH*#@Y Rain is. Spent $97.50 to be escorted off the dance floor and crammed in a room with 400 other people.Rain is bad news.
5	My wife and I love this club. We've been coming here for the past couple years to check out the different electro DJ's and have never really been disappointed. We even got a VIP table for our wedding night and the service was awesome, as well as the view. Our friends and family loved it! I'm sure we will be returning soon and can't wait to see what talent will be there in the summer.
2	My friends and I came to Rain on new years day, and LMFAO was performing. Wasn't expecting much from the show, and didn't get much back either.We had a vip table front and center of the dance floor. The only divider between the table spaces and the others on the dance floor was those portable tape dividers that they have outside of movie theatres for new releases.  It was too gaudy for me, but if I were going to drop that many bills, I would expect some more privacy.We didn't have to wait, but I wouldn't wait more than 20 minutes to get into here. There are three floors.  The place is set up like a half dome, all facing the stage.  A circular dragon breathing concoction is suspended from the middle of the dance floor. Heating up the club from all the rain?? I was expecting something rain related from the name, but I guess they're goin for the trickery affect. The hostesses were cute, friendly, and were puttin in work.  Good management. My suggestion would be to upgrade the sound system.  It was deafning, but didn't have good quality sound.
2	The DJ was playing the same song that chanted "fame...riches...glamour..." over and over again more seemed like forever! the lighting was off...just a a strobe light going off, and there was this fire ball that went off like every 10 minutes...it wasn't too crowded but the vide was dead. my husband thought the dancers were hot though! haha. We paid $40 pp for a pass that got us into rain, ghost bar, playboy lounge, and moon for the entire night. The other venues were better than rain!
3	Came here with a group of friends and got a table. I must say that I'm not a fan. Atmosphere is a #1 for me, esp at vegas clubs, and this place just didn't do it for me. The venue is indeed very big, but not very classy or glam. The music wasn't that great either, and the thing that bugged me the most was the smoke everywhere. I know it's Vegas but I did not feel that suffocated in other clubs. It's also pretty far off the strip being in the Palms, but I would suggest checking this place out if you're in the area cuz it does throw some good parties now and then.
3	Came here for DJ Benny Benassi! Had a awesome time just being drunk and dancing to good music. Other than that, it is a huge club with a lot of pyrotechnics, and the club gives you that big studio/warehouse environment.
3	i went here saturday night to see DJ Pauly D. i had such a blast! to be sure the line was huge, but my girl and i skipped the line because we were on some promoter's VIP list. if you are a hot girl, just walk around during the day and a million promoters will approach you. then you just check in at some kiosk right by the entrance to the club.it was incredibly cramped in here. to be close to the stage, you will feel like you're in a sardine can! if you step back a bit you have some room to dance.a fireball kept bursting every so often. eventually i looked up and noticed all these insanely cool contortionists dangling in the air doing acrobatic moves. interesting.i had sooo much fun because of dj pauly d. i'm not sure if i'd enjoy the venue so much unless a good dj were there. it isn't very classy or glam.  the taxi line was insanely long around 4 am.
2	Not the plae to be on a friday night unless you love techno music and I dont. I'm glad it was free or I would have really been mad. My group of 7 left after 1 hour and decided to gamble instead. The good thing is I won 100 that night.
4	When you go to the newer clubs in Vegas such as Marquee and then come back here, it's a bit of a downgrade aesthetically as Rain is not exactly what it used to be in its hay-day. My best friend and I came here two weeks ago for a special performance by the princess of pop herself, BRITNEY SPEARS!! Because tickets were given away by MTV through OnSet, the crowd was over 21 and it was a very good looking crowd (OnSet screens applicants by pictures). The energy was great and DJ Pauly D from Jersey Shore (my favorite cast member) did a great job djing before Britney took the stage. He is also the resident DJ for Rain now if you ever want to see him. The 4 stars is for this being one of the best nights I've ever had in Vegas! Britney did 3 performances to promote her new album and this was the first one and out of all 3 I think this was her best one because you could see how happy she was to be back on stage. People who complained about her being lethargic on her GMA performance should view this one on MTV, you can tell the difference. I think she was just nervous during the GMA one because she knew the whole world would be watching it. The crowd only consisted of about 800 people, so compared to her concerts it was more intimate and I've never been so close to the stage before, we were in the 2nd row! Thanks Rain & MTV for a great night!
2	Expensive drinks at $15 each, not great atmosphere since nothing is really exciting about it. Interesting performances hang from the center ring every 30 min of dancers from ropes, etc which added some fun.
2	This place is like a huge soccer stadium minus the soccer but with even more crazy Europeans.In all seriousness, it's just like one big open space with random fire being spit around everywhere. Not the greatest theme.
3	The hordes starting lining up around 1045 or so for this place that opens at 11. Always a cover $$$ (everyone has a cover in Vegas), and this place plays dance-techno-electronic music all night. If you'd like more funk/hip-hop/random hits go upstairs to Ghost Bar. The scene here is definitely younger, most getting here already tipsy after drinking daiquaries randomly around the city. Leave earlier than 4am if you don't want to wait an hour for a cab.
2	Maybe i'm just use to the "HIP HOP" nightclubs. I wasn't impressed with Rain. Maybe it was better back in the days??What a tough crowd. We had a special group gathering here Sunday night. The promoters were nice enough to find us a table/area upstairs but we still had to argue with the Rain staff and go back and forth about the bottle and tables even though the promoter said we didn't have to buy a bottle. Music...trance, beats, tech....BLAH. Crowds...blah. Very expensive drinks even though I didn't ask for the extra "premium" tab on our orders. They had a live band that played along with the music too. Heard they were from NYC....uhh..or was it a garage band?I missed the West Coast hip hop....the scene/music was like watching Jersey Shore....let's fist pump....  :(
5	Clash Fridays N Perfecto Saturdays are the best place to be at in Las Vegas. Lines are not to long, never to packed inside, its like a clean controlled rave.
3	I have been here a bunch of times.Each time, I don't pay at all.I will only come back if I get dragged here again.Rain is okay, but it is not one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.
3	Way over packed dance floor. The sound system was crap: little bass, most of it was loud high frequencies which hurt my ears.At one point there were some cute gogo dancers and that made the night all better.Overall not too bad.
4	Was in town with 2 female coworkers and we decided to check out this club.  Since it was a last minute thing, and we weren't on any guestlist, we stood in line and waited forever.  Luckily, we met some guys that were "VIP" and walked us right in.  Woohoo...Loved the layout of the club.  Especially the fire and fountain by the circular dancefloor.My 2 coworkers seem a little bored at the club, because it wasn't really playing their type of music, but I was super delighted because I am a TRANCE girl.  But boy... it's hard to dance to the music when you are trying to bounce to the beat in a tiny little skirt and 3 inch high heels.  Hahah...Yup, I had a GREAT TIME at RAIN.
4	DJ Chris Fogg was spinning at the tables this past Friday night and it was predominantly house music with a bit of top 40s mixed in.. This venue is pretty big and is basically a large open space with tables along the sides on two levels.. They have large projection screens playing various images/videos while the music is playing, and mushroom/plant/butterfly decorations throughout.. If there was one way to describe the decor and feel of this club I would say "Alice in Wonderland".. Admission is free if you're on the guestlist and lucky for my friends and I, we were able to avoid the long line and get in right away thanks to my promoter.. The crowd was a mix of people and there were quite a few older gentlemen (maybe in their 40s?) and this was a little strange for me.. I have no clue why people pay for bottle service at clubs and just stand there.. If you're going to pay all that money you might as well have a great time and dance with some girls! I didn't order any drinks at this club so I'm not sure what their prices are like, but water is free! I wasn't a big fan of the music but this is still a great venue to check out..
1	Disclaimer - this review is written under the fact that we didn't even get into the club.We were four chicks dressed in our Vegas best for a Saturday night out, and we had gotten passes through some connections. We got there a little before ten, knowing it would be crowded. By about midnight we had gotten to the front of the "line," but in reality groups were cutting all over the place, it was completely unorganized. When we finally got to the front of the mob, we managed to wave down the bouncer, who said he was only letting in groups at $100 a head. Despite that we were four chicks, he bypassed us and was constantly letting in big groups of guys. Frustrated at wasting our time, we made our way out. Never coming back here, there are clubs that are just as good that actually know how to let their ladies in.
4	This place is still a popping spot in the sin city, probably one of the best when it comes to not being ridiculously overpriced or crowded with those long lines that are filled with what look like beggars who wish they can get in.  The dj's that frequent here are always in the elite group which is always why I love coming back, definitely have to be in the dance, and electronic genre or go somewhere else.
3	Alright now  let me start by sayin I would give this club 4 stars based on the first time I went,when DJ Z trip used to do hiphop there on fridays.I guess they have fallin in line with the trend of no hiphop on the strip,and the last time I went in on a friday it was ALL trance,Techno,house music! Now dont get me wrong,when I'm in Vegas...half the time i'm Chocolate Vegas wasted! lol So I can dance to jus about anything with a beat...but when i'm drunk and I STILL notice that every song sounds the same..theres a problem! This is definitley not the spot for somebody wantin to listen to ANY kinda hiphop!Probably better off upstairs and Moon,or better yet Crown across the street at Rio.As far as the club goes tho its probably one of the most impressive spots I've seen in Vegas. Its definitely a must see,the Fireshow is somethin you probably wont see at any other club,worth checking out at least once. It can get super deep in here,but the last time I went in February..i made it in and out without any problems,barely a line.But I would generally advise you to get there early 10-1030ish.My advice to anybody goin to ANy club in Vegas.Connect with a good promoter, its not that hard to do either,jus a lil pre planning and  your nite will go alot smoother,trust me! If ya dont know one hit me up and I'll put you on!
2	You should not be called Rain, you should be called Fire! Why is this club the hottest club I've ever been to? You know there's going to be a ton of people here, why not crank the air a little. And please stop flaming up the place! Oh the irony, rain... pfftt!Come here if you like house music and sweating your clothes off.
5	HAD A BLAST HERE!! Maybe because I love house music and hard trance, but also because Rain salvaged a somewhat uneventful night @ Moon.We actually got a table and bottle service at Moon, but ended up leaving Moon around 1am because it was chockful of dudes. We made our way over to Rain, and got in right away. And right away I was impressed. The club is HUGE and had some fire spitting display that also "snow flaked" later on during the night.We went to Clash Fridays, so the music was on point. Go-go dancers were giving away tons of glowsticks. You will definitley have fun here if you like trance/techno/house otherwise..avoid it..because it's definitley fist pump central and that is not everybody's scene.
5	Wow what a blast I had last night at Rain and it was my first time at the Palms! The venue is built kind of kind of like a concert/rave scene with the stage, lights and acrobatic performers. The music the DJ played (believe it was Paul Oakenfold) was a lot of house and trance, which I loved. My girls and I were invited to bottle service by a few guys so the view from bottle service was really legit. I would definitely come again!!
3	Rain is great if you're in your young 20s, down to "roll", and dance your arse off. The space is huge with lots of mingling room, but I think I'm just getting too old for club scenes. I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised to hear that it was Paul Oakenfold playing when we went, but I only enjoy his music seasonally these days.
2	I remember watching Real World Vegas a few years ago. The cast members worked at rain. I was so amazed at how awesome the club looked. What a HUGE disappointment the club was. We received free cover to all the palms clubs, so we decided to go there first. When we walked right in some rappers were performing. I have no idea who they were. A couple of minutes later they were done and the dj started playing some old school hip hop. We were out of there within 30 minutes. What's up with these vegas clubs?!?!
2	Overall, I had a good time at rain- although I can't figure out if it was the club or my company and a bottle of Stoli Blue. They really take care of you if you have a table- making sure that you have everything you need and even sending a little "muscle" over your way when you need it.  This is needed because without any better way to describe the crowd, I found them scary at times.  I was not too crazy about the music here- the first two hours we were there, I swear the DJ must have gotten his hands on my freshman year playlist (let's just say that I graduated more than 5 years ago).  The spitting fire in the middle of the dance floor was a nice touch for a girl who is always freezing :o)
3	I should have checked yelp before i came here. I got in the club quick. 20min that is quick for vegas. I had to pay $40 in the general admission line. I usually have free passes so i am not used to this but it was to be expected. I get in there and it is packed. they have fire coming from the sky. people walking around on stilts. people doing acrobatics. Decent girl to guy ratio. My only problem is they played techno trance all nite long. I didnt have a clue. being in to hip hop all i got was a trance version of usher. If you love techno trance this is the spot for you. If you dont it will be disappointing like i was. Speakers where insane. My ears rang that nite and when i awaken up.
2	first rain club experience & it was okay. it was just chaotic just cuz Pauly d from jersey shore was there. there was a mob of people outside the club so people on the guest list had to fight their way to the front. there was no distinct separation of lines, so you can't tell by looking where guest list, VIP table, or general admission line started. the music played there was mainly house&trance. Not really my type of scene I'm more into hip hop, but hey I gave it a try anyways. If you come here be prepared to fist pump! That seems to be the trend in the club. Although my first experience here was meh.. the hottest thing about the club... the go-go dancers! Mad props the the girls getting it in them high heels! =]
4	we were on the guestlist so we got in very fast and this was on a friday night. the club was packed the music was great (top 40s/hip hop) and the crowd was dressed nice. drinks were about 14 bucks a piece, which was less that i thought they'd be.this guy decided he liked my boobs so when i was walking past he bit and sucked on my boob?!!!! i immediately got security. they asked did i want to press charges i said no just kick him out and they did just that!! they were professional and apologetic. that ruined it for me so i left after that. its not the rains fault so i will definitely give it another try next time.
2	We decided to check this place out because we were all given tickets to get in free. I heard this place used to be more extravagant and bangin', but I guess it's a bit outdated now. There's one main dance floor, and 3 bars surrounding it. At the front of the dance floor is the stage with the DJ's/speakers and it looks like you could get bottle service to the left and right of the DJ. The DJ's for the evening were DJ Scene, Dave Fogg and OBOne. I did not keep track of who and who was on the tables, but starting from midnight, there was a pretty impressive series of hip hop mixes that was pretty dope, which made the night go from "eek, me thinks not" to  "meh, I've had better." I'm glad that us guys got in here for free. Maybe next time I'll check out the other Palms clubs like Ghost Bar, Moon and Playboy.Cliff Notes: there are plenty of other better clubs in the area
5	Went to Rain over the weekend.  Bottle service compared to other nightclubs was reasonable plus good Dj (Felix the house cat), great service (forgot the servers name, very friendly VIP host... Jung Kim)  from the time we arrived to the time we left.Plus..the place was full of good looking people, so if your looking to hook up, I recommend this place!
4	A little update. We went to Rain again last month after not having been in a year and I was a bit disappointed. It seems like they're either going through some renovations or the place is out-dated, not sure. The third floor VIP section is now closed off and it makes the place feel really small. Also, the acrobatics and bubbles falling from the ceiling have been axed, which kinda takes away from the showmanship of it. But still, the music is good and there was an awesome laser, which helped. But it didn't feel like the same old Rain.
3	This place was the spot for EDM fans back in the day for the Vegas crowd.  It's basically an indoor rave with one main dance floor and 3 bars. Along with the spectacle and guest DJ's playing, they have fire, foam, bubbles, strobe lights, and people dressed up in futuristic glow stick wielding costumes.  Some of the dancers dangle by ropes doing acrobatics over your head which is kind of cool.  I used to come here when I wanted to rage but ever since such big artists such as ATB, Kaskade, and Dash Berlin started playing at Marquee@Cosmopolitan or XS@Encore, I stopped going here completely. Unless theres a really big DJ that I want to see playing there I'm probably not going to go back.
4	For one of the smaller nightclubs, Rain puts on one of the biggest performances with their fire, confetti, and other stuff that they have made fall from the ceiling and onto the dance floor.  Beware of creepers as they tend to lurk around in the darker/more populated areas... (the bar/dance floor).  They just might follow you all the way to a completely different club nearby.  Also be aware that if you choose to stand below a balcony, there is a good chance that the person above you WILL and can spill parts of their drink on you.  :/  The security guards are pretty chill here... the music is awesome (for those that like EDM - you just might find one of your fave DJs playing here for an event).  I came here once for I think it was MDW and they opened up the outside palms pool area where another DJ was playing.  I will say that inside Rain on the dance floor - it can become tight (imagine you're a sardine inside of a can!  :D  - okay, if you're claustrophobic, this may not be a good spot for you).  If you stand near the bass and the strobe lights are going off, you just might feel your heart skip a beat...  I know I almost couldn't breathe with all those sweaty people right next to you, yuck.  Did I mention that people are always trying to get through the floor when it's already crowded???
4	I was here last month when DJ Pauly D. of Jersey Shore made a guest DJ appearance. Normally, I'm not too big on house music, but I actually enjoyed the stuff  he and the other DJ's played on the night I was here. Maybe it was just because of the amount of alcohol in my system, but I actually found myself bobbing my head and doing a bit of fist-pumping. The crowd was mixed, there was a good amount of eye candy, and the level of douchebaggery was surprisingly lower than I thought it might be. I should also add that their bartenders were pretty cool even though they were busy during the majority of the night's events. If there is one thing I would complain about, it would be that we found out that we were on a waiting list for table service when we thought that we would have table service for 7 people (4 guys, 3 girls). Nevertheless, we still all had fun here and made the most of our night here. I'd consider checking out Rain again on a future Vegas trip. Since I can't give this club 4 fist-pumps, it'll have to settle for 4 stars instead.
4	out of all the clubs we went to on friday night at the palms...this was the BEST one!!  the music was right on. hard a blast dancing. the staff was great. drinks were good. i will have to say something about the crowds though...out of 4 we went to, this one was the fullest....and it was still pretty empty...slow vegas weekend maybe!!!
5	This is exactly what I pictured a Vegas club to be.  We had a table in the front to the right of the stage. The crowd was jumpin and energetic dancing to the likes of Deadmau5, LMFAO, and BIG.  Didn't see the waterfall that supposedly lends the club its name but there's a giant ring of fire that pops off above the crowd. Fire, always a nice touch.  Had a crazy good time, with so many options in Vegas I was completely satisfied with this pick.
4	The Palms offers a VIP wristband ($60) which gives you access to all the clubs inside the hotel without cover and no lines. The clubs included are Ghost Bar, the Playboy Club, Moon and Rain. The playboy club was pretty lame, the only highlight was the waitresses and female dealers dressed in the iconic playboy outfit. Other than that, the music kind of sucked. The saving grace was Rain. The layout of Rain is anything special but it is nice how spacious the club is. There is a massive dance floor which was packed the entire night I went there. Hypercrush was one of the DJ's that night. Hypercrush killed it, playing mostly trance music and remixes with top 40's thrown in there. The DJ after hypercrush wasn't very good though, as he played the same stuff they play in most Vegas clubs - throwback hip-hop songs with too much top 40. I'm not sure how much the drinks are at Rain because we were pretty drunk before even getting there. I'm also not sure how much the cover is but it's probably along the lines of $30-40 for guys and $10-20 for girls. All in all, Rain is the best club in the Palms hotel. No matter where I stayed on the strip, I would make the effort to come to this club again, it truly was a good time.
4	I had a lot of fun here. The music was right up my alley, lots of hip hop and top 40 there was even some Bay Rap thrown in there which was amazing since I was in Vegas for the weekend from the bay. I didn't have to pay for drinks or to get in, but my friend said that the drinks were about 10 each, which is pretty standard for clubs. A great club though and I would definitely go there again. The only real downside would be the seating...there was none unless you wanted to pay to a reserve a table.
1	Worst Experience Ever!I came with a group of friends during the Halloween weekend to see Pauly D "dj" at Rain.  We arrived around 9:30 and it was already chaotic.  There was no organized line and security did nothing to calm the mob down.  Everyone was just pushing their way through and every time the doors opened our group never really got closer to the front, just shuffled into different positions.3 hours later... and we still didn't even get in, so some of us just left before Rain could even further ruin our night.  Seriously the staff needed to do something to organize crowd.  My only excuse that I can think of is that they didn't foresee so many people coming to see some Jersey Shore loser act as a dj.
5	I had a blast this past Saturday. I came here with a few friends. We tossed a few back and had a great time. The music is awesome. It's all house, from what I experienced. The dancers are adorable in their Christmas costumes. It's a huge spot with an interesting outside lake like THING. There are TV's all over the place on stage. The lighting, half of it at least, comes from the TV's. That part reminded me of Rok.  Anyway, the bottle service area is awesome as it over looks the dance floor.  The sound system is amazing. Bartenders are polite, and some of 'em are really gorgeous. This is definitely NOT a small venue. So, it was nice that it wasn't too packed this past weekend. I loved the flame throwers and all the special effects and things. That was a plus. Good times.
5	The first time I ever came here was during that awesome ATB concert in the September of 2010. It's a really awesome place for old school ravers (old enough to attend Electric Daisy Carnival and Burning Man) that are too professional to go to underground raves anymore. My longtime friend got me in here for free, past the VIP and General Admission lines through the velvet rope by signalling the guy with the clipboard to let both of us in. He's really well connected with the promoters and bouncers here. Most of them are respectful, and I made it a weekend habit of coming here every Saturday for Paul Oakenfield's Perfecto. The Clash Friday nights are alright, but the acts arn't as awesome as the Saturdays, which may feature DJs like Deadmau5, Ferry Corsten, and Dash Berlin. I get inside, get my Party Harder stamp so I can also go to the Ghost Bar, Playboy Club, and Moon Nightclub if the music starts to get stale. Every two weeks I make a habit of attending a local underground rave event, and then after it dies down at midnight, I drive down to Flamingo from the I-15 to get in line for Rain. The doorman, Richard, knows me by face, and he also works for Insert Coins on busy weekday nights. This place is fucking CRAZY! They got airborne circus acrobat girls in tight fitting clothing leaping from one hanging handle to another in midair. They got this chick wearing a metal bra and panties, and then using a stone grinder on herself to shoot sparks at the crowd, sometimes with this burly guy with a gas mask to hold the grinder for her, it's somewhat pornographic. They got these robot guys on stilts with diving suit helmets high-fiving the patrons and throwing glowsticks. In the more emptier areas, us old school ravers form shuffle-circles to do shuffle battles in front of cheering European chicks that never was familiar with the dance. Hitting on women here is easy. I snagged loads of numbers every Saturday, and I just followed up with them the following Sunday afternoon (after they are rested) for a lunch and dinner on The Strip. The vibes are awesome, and the crowd does a excellent job at ostracizing the creeps and party poopers that hang at the bars. For some reason, alot of the folks that come here for the first time don't like the dance. But thats all right, pull off a shuffle routine, open your hand to them, and take them out for a waltz :D
4	I got in here after getting the $60 wristband to go to all the clubs inside the hotel, and it's totally worth it since you have NO lines and NO cover.  Pshh..f' waiting in line!  To get to rain you have to go through the playboy club which was whatevs, we spent maybe 10 minutes in there because it's mostly like a lounge.  When we went upstairs, the place was packed!  The dance floor was pretty big and despite the bad reviews that other people put up, I had a fantastic time.  I mean, the venue doesn't matter as long as the company does, right?  I didn't deal with buying liquor there since I smuggled in within my boobies a redbullvodka and another flask in my boot, so I was good on drinks but I had an awesome time.I definitely recommend getting the wristband so you don't have to deal with the clusterfuck of a line they had outside the club.  With the band, you can go right on through with no bullshit, no line and no cover for several of the clubs the palms has to offer.
1	Lame! Lame! Lame!!!!! The "guest dj" Clinton Sparks or whatever, sucked!! He was playing 90's alternative music (Blink 182, sublime, etc). It was too dark in there for the small crowd. They had rope ties for the imaginary lines and crowd they had, lol.. We only walked in cause we had the "all access" wristband. But we left and went back to Moon that has real music playing that you could dance too- not mosh too.
5	Having been to the top rated clubs of Vegas such as XS and Pure, I went in with mixed expectation from Rain Nightclub, thanx to Yelp, but Oh My Gawd, what a blast it was..To me Rain Nightclub is by far the best nightclub in Vegas and Palms is the best place to party with their 3 rocking clubs and one chillout lounge. We took the Limo ride to Rain and to our surprise it came with access to all the clubs in palms. Rain is huge, and believe me at one time looking from up above it looked like a Roman Arena with lotta dancing happening down there. Lotta room to dance. Mindbending Techno/House music played by the DJ standing right in front of you. Few excitements like fire popping out from the roof above add to the fun. Multiple levels above the dance floor. Lotta places to move around. Didnt buy any drink there as we had a nice preparty before entering. And when you feel tired of dancing there's always Ghost bar just few floors away to get the beautiful view of the stip. Highly recommended and would go there yet again.
4	Nice, big, well ventilated club which is important b/c there is fire and smoke from above.
4	Rain was amazing!!!!!! We went both nights friday and saturday. Friday wasn't as 'bumpin but was still fun. Saturday Night we went to go see Tydi (trance dj). The place was soooooo busy and everyone was dancing. And everyone was so into it. The drinks are pretty pricey (what do you expect its vegas). There were moments in the set where snow was coming down and fire exploding. They had a bunch of go-go dancers pouring shots in my bestfriends mouth and mine. The dj invited me and my friend to come upstage with him and got free champange and it was crazy! soooo much fun. Had the best time in vegas ever. Not just cause of rain. Overall it was amazing
3	In 2011 and 2012, Marquee, Surrender, and XS have reigned supreme. Has everyone forgotten about our city's old dance music hotspot, Rain Nightclub?Alongside Miami and Ibiza, Las Vegas has become a mecca for dance music. Rain certainly had a part in making that happen. However, in recent years, I've seen N9NE Group take a decline: security has a rep for being straight-up rude; promoters and hosts are nicer elsewhere; and entry is so disorganized they make Haze look good. All that Rain had going for them is gone. Dance music has left and the party has moved on-strip. We're left with fond memories of partying it up back in the day, but can we find a reason to return now?MUSIC: The man in charge of the music has made his way to Tao Group. And all the talent followed suit. Paul Oakenfold has packed up Planet Perfecto and landed at Marquee. And all the big guys like ATB, AvB, Marcus Shulz, Cosmic Gate, Erick Morillo, and Benny Benassi will no longer be making appearances at Rain. Local Celebrity DJ Jordan Stevens said his goodbyes as well. On a positive note, Bassnectar will be making his first Vegas club appearance here and up-and-coming trance producer TyDi will debut here in April. If anyone caught Bassnectar at EDC, I can imagine bassheads will flood this place on March 3rd. I missed it, but I heard Rusko broke some necks here last year as well. COOL STUFF: Rain may be old, but there is no shortage of SFX here. Sweet lighting? Yep. You like fire? They got it. I haven't seen pyrotechnics like this anywhere else.   If you see aliens on stilts, that's normal here. After a few drinks, you'll think its really cool--believe me.FACILITY: The stage is huge and eyes are on the DJ. And ladies, if you know the right people you might get to hang out on stage-right and dance your pants off. Dancing on the main floor is a lot more comfortable than most clubs on the strip; its massive and packed but at least you won't be cramped like a sardine!DRESS CODE: As of late, guys can get away with murder. But if you want to play it safe, stick with a collared shirt and dress shoes--don't give them a reason to turn you away.$$: Ladies on list are usually free. Guys, expect a $25-35 cover.So yes, we forgot about them and put Rain on the back burner. They're not what they used to be, but as far as WTPA OFF-STRIP, Rain might still be a contender.
2	Holy clusterfuck. The lines were confusing getting in and long, even for will call. They have a weird situation where people coming out of willcall gets out right where the exit is and where they separate into a ID line so it was a bit confusing. It seems from other reviews this is what happens when someone really big is here so if you want to see their whole set, COME EARLY. I missed a good 20 minutes of a 90 set because of it and I was a bit miffed since I came 40 minutes early thinking it would be enough time. Inside was rather crowded in a way that a bit much. I came to see Bassnectar who doesn't play in clubs and it was so packed there was no escaping feeling a body to all sides of me and I nearly had my earring ripped off, my face burned by a stupid guy waving his cig like a dickhead. A few of the bouncers were actually really nice and a few just seemed irritated so it's a mixed bag. I have to preface that I used to be a big clubber and never have I been packed in like it is in Vegas so I kinda don't know how to feel about venues here in general. I don't like the sardine can feel so if Bassnectar were to come here again and do this venue, I think I'm driving to LA and having a great long weekend to see him comfortably.
3	Rain was... alright. I mean, don't get me wrong it's exactly what you would expect about a club in Vegas. Stuff exploding, loud music, crazy dance floor, but I don't think I would come back.We got a table for bottle service which I don't even want to talk about the price, but is really the only way to go if you bring a group of friends. There was some mix-ups from the beginning just getting through the door, but once in and liquored up it was a good  time. Warning though, when we finished our alcohol and made it clear we didn't want to buy another ($475!) bottle of vodka, most of our group went down to the dance floor and the server quickly cleared our table even though we still all had waters, mixers, etc. to drink. That's when I started to dislike the place.Overall, the experience was fun... but be warned if you stay there all night that the music just starts to repeat itself after about 2 hours and its all the same monotonous techno beat the whole time. Around 3 am we needed some quiet and cigarette-smoke-free air so we bounced. Meh. Warning: If booking bottle service through Vegas.com, be sure you call Rain and confirm all the details. We booked 2 tables of 4 people each, but the manager or whoever read that as 1 table of 8 people so essentially ripped us off of alcohol for 4 people. Good luck trying to explain all that to the servers while you're in there anyway...PS - Was the name "Flame" taken? Wouldn't that make more sense! :)
2	So so. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here. Playboy and Moon are also accessible. I prefer ghost bar which is more open, less crowded and easier to meet people.
4	Came here specifically to see Bassnectar. Not a fan of nightclubs, or long lines, or wayyyyy over priced drinks...but for Bassnectar, I endured it. Amazing light show, along with ceiling flames, and ridiculous sound system. Bassnectar is my hero.
4	Came here after leaving Tao on a Thursday night in October. It was probably around 2am-3am - DJ Pauly D was spinning. My girlfriends and I ran into some guys we met earlier and they had a table upstairs. Had a few drinks with them, danced, took some pictures. Cool place, nothing out of this world. It wasn't packed or raging, probably because we got there so late. I just remember making this guy buy me a shot at the bar and then walking away. Haha...
2	Um, the fire coming from the ceiling was cool, I guess? And also, the light shows were decent?Although I came on a Saturday night, I missed out on Paul Oakenfold because apparently, he's touring.  As a result, we were stuck with some second-rate DJ whose name I can't remember.  Not a great show.Aside from that, the crowd was very disappointing.  Terrible ratio (and seemingly much older), and by about 2AM, there was enough room on the floor to backpedal blindly without running into anyone.  In other cities, this would be the norm, but for a major nightclub in Las Vegas, this was very disappointing.
5	AAAAHHHHHH!!!! I want to go back so badly!! This place was amazing, just so much fun!!! Besides not really being able to walk after I left, it was awesome. The effects are astonishing as well, dj was out of this world, and the dancing, well, was just as fun as ever. They have dancers on stages, but if you are going to join them, don't wear to short of a skirt, because the club does have it's creeps. Have a blast, can't wait to go there again!!
3	I remember the first time I went to RAIN it seemed so big and the energy was massive, however, I was underwhelmed with this club recently. Went on a Saturday night and since it wasn't that busy, they had half the club shut down so this once huge space now seemed so small. It was techno/dance music all night which I like but it would have been nice to have some variety. I like to mix it up when I dance because I don't enjoy 5 hours of untz, untz, untz, untz...some words would be nice. I've experienced so many cubs in Vegas, RAIN just ranks pale in comparison. I don't doubt I'll find my way back into this club in the future but it probably won't be my first choice.
5	loved it! great music, beautiful girls, great atmosphere! definitely going back next time. hopefully its the same again!
4	Good times. I like Paul Oakenfold and he is often the house DJ - thats always fun. It rains inside. It shoots fire. Sexy dancers and plenty of other fun things to catch your eyes and other senses. Go before 11 or the line is long unless you buy entrance earlier.
5	Bottles on the dance floor, a bouncer who watched over us all night and brought us girls, awesome DJ, and a ceiling that shoots out fire.  What more can I say, this place was awesome!
1	Oh Rain how I wish you'd go away, and not the rain falling from the sky.  Ive been to Rain Nightclub a number of times (by number I mean more then I can remember), and while I have had some GREAT experiences, in recent times not so much.  Ive written a permanent mental note to myself that I have outgrown the allure of Rain.Coming to Rain for the first time is an experience every Vegas newbie should endure.  What could be better?  You are in a very hip hotel and a trendy nightclub.  There are beautiful girls, handsome men, fire and go-go dancers.  Nothing is better at that moment.  Fast forward 10 years and you realize the music is horrible.  Ladies and Gents that is where I am at.I love all types of music and artists.  From Rap to Hip-Hop, Classical, Jazz, Electronic.... But Techno just isn't for me.  After 3 songs I feel like Ive been time warped into a futuristic torture chamber.  And I look around and I'm the only person in agreeance.... everyone else us having the time of their lives.  I went once and Deadmau5 was the DJ.  I prefer Kaskade, sorry.  It wasn't my type of music and i was forced to drink more... well until I ordered my patron on the rocks (yes i drink patron on the rocks).  High drink prices are to be expected, its Vegas.  But I need to be having a good time while I'm spending my gas money and I wasn't so I left.  The next time I decided to give Rain the old college try was because DJ Jazzy Jeff was on the wheels of steel.  Yes, the same DJ Jazzy Jeff from the Fresh Prince of Bel Air.  Only he was playing Deadmau5.  OMG what is going on?  That was the last and final time I will ever visit Rain....BUT for those of you who like Techno Id advise you to get the Palms Club Pass.  It expedites your entry into the clubs and gives you the option to leave and keep the party going in many venues.ALSO I'm 5'10" without shoes so imagine me in heels.  And that fire comes really low.  Ladies beware....
1	We purchased tickets through Eventbrite for Rain Nightclub - Rain Saturdays ft. Diddy w/ DJ Exodus. The event was held at the Palms Casino in Las Vegas. My Husband and I made flight and travel arrangements to come to Vegas for the event. 2 days prior to the event we received an email conformation from Eventbrite stating that our event was coming up. When we arrived at the ticket booth to retrieve our tickets the night of the event,  we were informed that our names were not on the list. A woman who identified herself as Manager of Event Services, began to tell us that there was an error with the initial Eventbrite listing, and the prices were not accurate. She went on to say that Eventbrite sent emails to people who already purchased the tickets, telling them that they were to pay the remaining balance if they wanted to attend this event. Needless to say, we never received any such email. I asked for her manager, or "someone in charge", but no one was available to fix the situation. I asked for a refund and she said that because the purchase was made through a 3rd part company, they would not be able to give us a refund. That Eventbrite was responsible for the refund and there was nothing she could do, which was not true. She was very unaccommodating considering the distance that we traveled to attend this event. Other people also had similar problems. They oversold the event, and by the end of the night many people with tickets were turned away with no refund. Total Fraud! It was totally unorganized and chaotic! Never again will I purchase tickets for an event at Rain, or any Nine Group event for that matter.
4	Came here for a private event that was closed out to the public and there was OPEN BAR ALL NIGHT!!one tequila, two tequila, three tequila....FLOOORRRRR.
4	This was my first club i went. I loved it and I had a BLAST!!! people there were very friendly, my friend and I were at the bar and this gentlemen's friend kept buying him drinks and he had enough so eventually he would tell the bartender to just make the drinks for me! (of course my friend was my DD and she'd watch the bartender make the drinks so there was no funny business going on) I felt kind of bad for taking drinks that his friend bought for him but hell FREE DRINKS who would turn that down. I enjoyed how the ceiling had a fire ring so that was pretty awesome. At first I did not like the music but once the one singer was done the music got better with Hip Hop/Rap but towards the end of the night they began playing awful music just get ya out of there. it was a great night I would recommend checking out before leaving vegas.
2	I know this fuzzy munchkin... let's call him Pepito, who said that his buddy from the land of Oz could get us in on the guest list for the Ludacris appearance on Memorial Day Weekend. So I and the other group of lemmings follow Pepito to the house that the Maloofs own a whopping 2% of aka the Palms. We get in line and Peptio says to club line guy "We are on the guest list", club line guy says "Who the hell are you". We ended up having to pay the full $60 to get in to see the wizard. When we get inside I buy a round of hops brewed frosty Miller pees for the group. Pepito nursed that Miller lite and carried it around for 3 hours straight I bullshit you not. We walk up the stairs to lean on the railing to spot any hot chicks on the dance floor. You would of thought Shamu and family learned to walk on their tails and grew giant asses out of their blow holes. I decided to follow Pepito into the belly of the beast to swim with the whales. Another chap I was with, let's call him Jim Davis the compulsive gambler, elected to stay leaning against the railing on top. On the dance floor I saw a dude wearing a bright yellow telephone cord around his neck with the phone attached like it was a gold chain. I saw this kid that looked just like Harry Potter. I saw a dude that looked exactly like RG3 roaming around aimlessly. It was so packed in there you had to pee your pants because there was no way you'd be able to maneuver through the hoards of people to the bathroom. We had been there since 10:30 pm. The DJ screamed to the crowd... "Are you ready for Ludacris?" exactly 25 times and it was now 2:15am. No Luda to be seen. Instead we were treated to 50 billion Pitbull songs and all of Deathrow's greatest hits. I couldn't take it anymore, apparently nor could Pepito. He hopped over a VIP couch into oblivion and I was stuck excusing my way past the hoards of sweaty sardines. I made my way out and saw of all people Coolio posted up against a slot machine. He was the shortest and ugliest of all the munchkins in Munchkinland. That was just as good as seeing Ludacris right?
5	Went to Rain for a semi-private party over Memorial weekend. The club is great. Awesome lighting, sound system, flame thrower., clean bathrooms, nice patio. However, the absolute best thing about Rain is the bartender Sarah! She is the nicest, friendliest, most attentive bartender I have ever met. And by the way, she is so cute! If you go to Rain, find Sarah and you will have a great time. The rest of the crew at the club was also very nice, I will be back.
3	Music:With the rise of House music, the number of clubs that spin Hip-Hop is dwindling. Or they do spin Hip Hop, but only for a minor portion of the night. As much as I love House, (I can't believe I'm saying this), it's refreshing to go to a club with hip-hop. It might've been a unique night since Ludacris was performing.Crowd:A large portion of the crowd was African-American. Felt like a token in that crowd, but still fun nonetheless.
4	I haven't been to Rain probably in about 5 years.  My friends and I were planning a bachelorette party and this was the club the promoter was able to get us a comped bottle/table area so, Rain it was!We got in with no problem and bypassed the entire line.  A hostess greeted us as soon as we got our hands stamped and took us to our table right by the dance floor and stage.  This turned out to be a great location to catch DJ Jazzy Jeff's set, which was SICK.  Of course, he had to play the Fresh Prince of Bel Air theme song to get the crowd going.We paid for tip upfront for the vodka.  We were also given the option of getting additional bottles of champagne for $50 each.  I was surprised at how great the music was at Rain.  Perhaps it was because DJ Jazzy Jeff was dj-ing.There were hot dancers dressed in close to nothing dancing on these pedestals around the dance floor.The only sketch thing was when I almost got bulldozed by this HUGE bouncer guy because some chick passed out and was lifeless in a wheelchair with a trash bag in her lap.  Hope she was alright, but she didn't look too good.I was surprised about how this went, and I actually would consider going back to Rain the next time I visit the City of Sin.
3	Arrived only a few songs before the club was closing.  The DJ was great but the club itself seemed "spent".  Nothing impressive, nothing that makes me want to return.  Didn't even have a drink just enjoyed the music and a little dancing.
3	We came on a Friday Night before midnight with Jazzy Jeff spinnin the tables. - WTF. Worst VCard experience. Must wait in 3 lines. One at the buffet to get white ticket. One outside of rain. and lastly in front of rain. Snobby white bouncers. FAIL. - BANGIN MUSIC. literally bangin my ear drums in a negative way. sooo loud. soo much bass. I GUARANTEE TINITIS after you exit!!!- Spacious. respectful dancers. no pushing and shoving. expect one cool guy that had to smoke on the dance floor. so considerate and so much swag....-____-- GREAT DJ!!! Jazzy Jeff knows how to blend music well. It actually makes sense! Count down? I got 5 on it! Yay area! opposite.. East coast?! alicia keys new york...he really understands how to get a crowd rollin.- He seriously packs some heat. as in FIRE. Nothin better than ALREADY SWEATING on the dance floor when a flaming torch goes off!- If you're a lady with no bottle service, you will only have one place to sit which is in front at the side of the stage. other than that, you're ass is on the dance floor or drinking at the bar..
5	There is fire shooting from the ceiling. Need I say more? Rain is awesome. The music can be a little hit or miss, depending on the theme of the night, but I think you get that with most clubs. However, if traveling with a group of ladies-only, be prepared to be treated like royalty. The manager on duty comped us a  super private VIP booth where we could rest when our heels got too uncomfortable, and even blocked it off with one of those black lane dividers when a skeezy drunk guy tried to crash in on us. Rain (like Vegas, in general) draws crowds from all over. We met amazing groups of people from Canada, Australia, Russia, and all over the US, and danced until dawn. Afterwards, we went out for pancakes with a group of hysterical Hawaiian bartenders. The crowd and staff at Rain are just outstanding.Did I mention that fire shoots from the ceiling?
1	Pros: 1: This place does rock and rocks hard! 2: Great visual with lights and pyrotechnics.Cons: 1: I liked loud music but this is unbearably too loud. Bring ear plugs.2: Disrespectful bouncers. My party was on the guest list and we waited in line while constantly be pushed up against the wall by bouncers threatening to kick people out before even getting inside.3: Disrespectful bouncers. My group was in the middle of the dance area where the fire blasts and I found the heat to be unbearable and started to get dizzy from the heat. My girlfriend helped be leave the main dance floor to find a cool area as I was yanked by a bouncer and dragged out. I explained that I was trying get away from the heat/fire but I knew it would fall on deaf ears (his decision to kick me out was made the moment he grabbed me).I'll will most likely not find myself at another night club at The Palm's just on their disrespectful bouncers, you can have control and order without disrespecting and abusing people.
4	I went here for my 21st birthday last weekend and loved it! Chris H. the promoter got me and my friends in VIP and skipped the long GA line!Rusko was headlining and he KILLED it! best performance i've seen in a while! The only small complaints i have about this club was that the drink prices seemed to vary every time even though i kept going back for the same drink? first $13 then $17? but it s vegas and thats how these clubs get a great portion of their $$, so get drunk upon arriving lol.1 other thing that kind of sucked was the guy/girl ratio! i dont know if it was just that weekend but there had to have been 4x more guys "/Other than that it is a GREAT experience and i do recommend this club to EVERYONE! :) Not to mention they shoot out FIRE from the roof!
2	So you are in Lost Wages and want to go clubbing because that is what all the hot girls or guys are doing... and who hasn't heard of Rain at least once? Well you get there and find that there is a line even if you are on the "guest list"... *WTH* I guess some promoters are better than others, at least we didn't have to pay anything special to get in...So this place is not very much fun unless you have a table or so it seems. If you don't have a table, you are crushed into a super tight sausage fest space! GRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr... drinks are pricy, its hot (inside and out) and then they start running flames through the ceiling noticeably heating the room up even further with each burst... Not sooo much fun I must say.PRO TIP: You can leave items at the front desk for pick up later at no charge! The good thing about when I was here is that DJ Jazzy Jeff was spinning. It's not every day that you get to listen to a legend. However the rest of the experience was subpar =\I would much more highly suggest the other clubs within the Palms Casino over this one. Granted there were a couple of random cute girls here, but several were admittedly "working girls" and I didn't want any part of that. I doubt you would either...
4	out of all the clubs we went to Vegas, this is the one where we had the most fun. Our girl crew ended up here twice.  There is a more down to earth feel here...not all bubble gum music. Also  large dance floor (not as crowded as others).
1	Way too loud, over-priced, and full of old creepies. It's obviously run it's course. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	I took my daughter here for her 21st birthday this weekend and couldn't be more pleased! She had the best time and we met the best people! It was fun and the music was great. We did the hosted bar which was amazing! Thanks Rain for making my daughters birthday the best experience!!
3	Rain. Don't remember a thing. Huge place. People bumpin' and grindin'Short line.Looked cool walking by the next day. Cheers, Sean
4	I used to come here all the time with my promoter friend, who happened to be the first friend I had in Vegas.Rain goes for a specialized crowd and doesn't really show itself off like other nightclubs such as XS and Marquee and Tao do. You do get headlining DJs like Dash Berlin and Rusko every Saturday night, and the music primarily is either Latin on Fridays or Electronic Dance Music on Saturdays. However, this club DOES get packed, and they can pull in their people without having to be as public.I would say that the people that come in here are much more well adjusted than anywhere else. I have NEVER seen anyone get kicked out or get into a fight here. Not in a single full year of coming here. A lot of people from Europe, a lot of the older grown-up raver types. Civility-wise, I say they tie with the folks that go to XS in terms of keeping the peace. During the residency of Paul Oakenfield, they had acrobats and performers hanging upside down on the ceilings and swinging on these circus monkey-bar things after midnight. They got these robot guys with diving helmets walking around on stilts handing you glowsticks and high-fives. And they got these dudes in skin-tight bright colored body suits flopping around like worms or fish on the stage. Also on Saturdays you get the Party Harder Stamp, which allows you free entry into the neighboring Ghost Bar and more rowdier Moon Nightclub.
3	I have been here a few times. Every time I had to wait in a long line and once they were giving us hard time getting in because we were bunch of guys, so we had to tip the doorman $100 to get in. The music has been a mix of top 40, dance and hip hop, with the exception of one time when they had some trance dj's. It's a mega club which i recommend any first timer to Vegas to visit or even the regulars in Vegas to visit this place once. The flames on the dance floor get very hot, but it's good to see from far away. There is no seating place unless you have a VIP table.
4	Friday, November 30, 2001 Friday Night Party with Jinger, Kristi, Napoleon, Calvin, Gotti and CrewFriday, May 24, 2002, Friday Night Party with Anthony, Michelle and ChristieRain does not disappoint. I had so much fun here. Back in these days especially for my first visit they had snow flakes fall from the ceiling as well as the fire and the dance floor was elevated and surrounded by running water fountains. It was beautiful. The lines were horribly long and it was before we knew how to party VIP. lolz. We had awesome drinks and hung out in the stair step kinda seats in the back of the dark little downstairs corner bar. I miss that place. Party favors were also good and everyone had an amazing time. Sadly, my cousin did not pass the preliminaries at the bodybuilding show but thanks to rain all of our spirits were lifted anyway. Great Times!Over the next few years, Rain would be a staple of my Vegas trips. Im so sad to see that it closed now. It needed a change but man, 20 more trips... great memories.
5	I actually had a great time at this place.  The line isn't very long and the house music was bumping.  There were also fire-breathing people and acrobats, so awesome.  Definitely recommend going back to this club.
4	I've been to many nightclubs in Vegas such as Marquee, XS, Moon, Pure, Ghostbar, and Studio 54. There are several reasons why Rain is one of my favorite nightclubs. First I love the music. I get sick of clubs constantly just playing rap. Rain plays a good variety of music including dance songs. Secondly, I also love the special effects of fire and fog that comes from the ceiling. They have a nice setup of tv screens on one wall which creates the ambience of the club. This club feels more spacious than other clubs on the Strip. You can actually walk upstairs and stroll around if you need to take a break from the dance floor. I really enjoyed watching all the aerial performances done by different acrobats. The only drawback is that the interior is rather plain. Other than that, I would love to come here again.
3	I am not huge with the night club scene, but when in Vegas you gotta do what is popularI found myself here at the tail end of a work conference and it was being put on by one of the conference sponsors. Who am I to turn down free food and drinks. Too bad we had just eaten though, so I couldn't really do much but stare at the food and pretend I was hungryThe music was loud but easily enough to listen to people, there were many seating areas upstairs and a nice poolside lounge outside which had finally calmed down in temperature by 10pmI didn't stay long since the tables were calling me - when you are on a winning streak you wanna play - but I stayed long enough to know that this wouldn't be a bad club to go to.It ha to do a lot to draw in people as Palms is not a "on the strip" casino, so this is one of their more marketable assets
3	I liked the music here and when I came here the guy Taboo from black eyes peas performed and he got the crowd dancing and having a good time great performance. Even though his performance enhance my experience the club itself was ehhhh and the crowd was ehhh too. Too many locals trying to be all Rico suaves on every girl.
3	Not of the best clubs in Vegas. It's kinda old and the crowd was somewhat trashy and ghetto. Rude bouncers but that's any club in Vegas. Not super terrible but there's definitely better places to go to.
5	I went here after a Trey Songz and Big Sean concert in February of 2012. It was where the official after party for their concert was held so the line to get in was SUPER long. Thankfully we bought vip wristbands from Vegas.com to get into all the Palms Casino night clubs that night so we were able to skip the lines. It was a lot of fun and had me dancing most of the night. Of the night clubs in Palms, this was my favorite. It was actually my favorite night club in Vegas, but I only went to 2 others outside of Palms.
2	What happened to you, Rain!? You're like a celebrity, once glamorous and incredibly popular, but that has fallen into obscurity. You used to be the posh spot, the happenin' talk of the town... but now you're overused, dirty, discarded. This review is long overdue and almost joined Rain by also falling into obscurity.The layout is still cool, the music still poppin', but never in my life have I come across SO MANY ROAMING HANDS in one place. How shady can a place be such that at least 75% of the male population is trying to violate the females?!? I'd be dancing and suddenly a hand had appeared up my skirt and all the way up my thigh. I immediately moved away and noticed my lady friends were undergoing the same horror from other men. I was uncomfortable on the dance floor, and that NEVER happens. I love to dance and meet people and have a great time, but I'm not about to put myself out there for THAT. Gross!Let's just say I won't be back. Ever. Unless they have a successful Perv Purge movement.DATE TIP: Fellas, let me break it down for you. Women typically don't appreciate random hands up their skirts. At least buy them a drink first! Ha.
