5	Don't Forrrrgggeeettt aaabbbooouuuttt it! Pros: Close to workGreat customer servicePlenty to choose fromGood fresh foodConMedium well or well done onlyThe burger, fry and drink were over $10.00I had the Char-Broiled 1/2 pound Black Angus burger with American cheese, mayo, lettuce, sliced tomato, pickles, and mustard served on our freshly toasted bun.It was just like a burger from the grill in the back yard. It was fresh, meaty and seasoned perfectly. Nice 1/4 inch plus thick patty. The only thing that would be better would be a little pink in the middle still.  The frys were thin but not too thin. They had a good flavor to them too. I will be back but might get the burger with kids frys and a drink, that will shave about 2 bucks off the bill.
4	So, after a disappointing trip to the Bista deli, which was sadly closed, we ended up at Joey's.And it was awesome. Chicago styled food, included Italian beef and dogs, sadly, no deep dish, and no gyros.This is a place where you make your order and pick it up, so those expecting waiter service, not here. Their menu is varied, but as I said earlier, I would have loved to have some other Chicago favorites. I had the Italian beef, which can come in several ways, "Wet", "Dry", and "Dipped", all of which correspond to Au Jus application, I'm not going to describe them, its self explanatory. However, if you want to go for the "I'm not going to eat anything else the rest of the day and part of tomorrow" I recommend getting it "Joey's" style, where in a Philly twist, they pour on the molten Cheeze Whiz and Peppers.The meat was well seasoned, and the jus made it good and messy. The cheese was probably horrible for my body, but delicious.No liquor license yet, but that doesn't bother me so much, but I just know that once they get beer there, I'll be eating lunch there A LOT.Fresh fries and the sandwich made for a hearty meal. Come hungry, because for the cost, about 8-10 a person, you get a ton of food.The only reason this place doesn't get a 5 is because I've had the same things elsewhere, and they don't have gyros or deep dish.But don't let that discourage you, definitely try this place out!
4	I tried the hotdog with chili, fry and a sprite.It was all good, a little light on the chili but it tasted good.
1	I have been eating Chicago Style Food for 25 years and this is not even close to authentic. I visited both of their stores, the new one just opening by my home, and I thought maybe with a second store they got something right. WRONG. The dog was over cooked, the beef was tasteless at best. With the strong Chicago presence in the Valley, I would think this place could find someone who knows how to make a Dog.
4	Met friends for lunch.  I'm from the Chicago area and they are fans of Chicago style hot dogs, so it was the ideal setting for us.  Now I've been rather hungry from a good wet Italian Beef and I wasn't disappointed at all.  Both of my friends also enjoyed it with one willing to drive the distance to return again.  One friend had the Italian Beef like me and the other had the Chicago style Polish Sausage.  We're good hardy eaters and we left satisfied with the portions.The staff was fun to work with, even the cook coming up to the counter to talk to us before preparing our food.  The environment was Chicago themed, reminding me of the high-lights of home.Will I return, sure will, especially when a craving for good wet Italian Beef returns, I will have to try something else on the menu sometime, but the IB is what they are famous for and I can see why.
4	lil update....The burgers are fresh, handmade, grilled burgers. Hard to find that these days. YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY
4	I get a chili cheese dog from here on occasion - the price is right, and the food is decent enough.  I'll try some of the other fare from here in the future.
2	Being a fan of Chicago style food I had to go to Joeys when it opened. I usually go to Lukes which is in Scottsdale and figured this had to be the same. Boy was I wrong. The hot dogs were very small and the chilli dog had cheese that was ice cold and not even melted on it. The hamburger and fries that my family ordered weren't anything to scream about either. I will continue going to Lukes and not Joeys.
3	We went here on a recent Friday night.  Originally, we saw this place when we went to Sticklers and put it on the list.  Well, we couldn't decide where we wanted to go and this popped into our head, so away we went.  Walked in and was impressed, this place was very nice looking on the inside, very clean and some nice Chicago memorabilia giving me some good memories of my time there.   Ordering - You walk up to the counter and order and then your number is called and you pick it up, so that's easy enough.  The wife and I each got the italian beef sandwich, 'wet' with cheese.  She went w/ mozzarella, while I went with the 'liquid cheddar'.  I got a combo and we shared the fries.  A big plus about this place was the drink fountain, they had cherry coke, which is the way to my heart.  Unfortunately, the mix seemed a bit off, though it was still good.  The food came out quickly enough.   My first thought was that I was impressed with the amount of fries you got.  There was definitely more than enough for both my wife and myself.  The sandwiches...well, they were ok.  My main complaint is that the meat seemed especially salty.  The cheese was good and the bread was good too.  Overall I give Joey's three stars.  I think we'll be back and I might try a burger or a meatball sandwich.
4	Burger update: Still a fresh hunk of beef flame grilled to perfection (almost) with a freshly cup open bun and good crisp toppings. Hit the spot! The lunch buddy had a Italian Beef with "liquid cheese" peppers and au jus on the side. I dunked the fries into the au jus and it was killer. I will have to try the IB next time.
4	Today for lunch my buddy asked if I wanted to go to Joey's and I actually thought an Italian Beef sounded good so I went along to try this place out.  After having real Italian Beef from Portillo's in Chicago and their location in California I was hoping for something close.  They were the closest I've had here in Arizona.  You can order it dunked (self explanitory) wet (a ladle full of juice poured over it, or dry (no juice).  I got sweet and hot peppers on mine and got it wet.  Great lunch was a bit pricey though so that's why I don't give them a full 5 stars.  $10 for a sandwich and drink was a bit much IMO.  If you go only get the Italian Beef as the rest of the stuff didn't seem too appealing.
4	Standard Vienna Beef Chicago dogs, and Italian beef. The dogs are now price-reduced to $1.99 permanently rather than the price on the menu, according to the sign in the window. Dogs are good, place is nice & clean. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.Onion rings and cheese fries are excellent. Vienna beef dogs. They also have FIRE DOGS, but you wouldn't know it from the menu. I didn't find out until after I ordered. Oh well, definitely next time.You can also buy an assortment of Vienna beef condiments, that are almost impossible to find except online (the neon relish, sport peppers, etc.)They have a Chicago classic rock radio station (97.1) playing on the audio system, and a nice, well-adjusted Samsung HDTV flat screen (probably 50") in case there is a game on.
3	Husband and I tried Joey's on a Friday evening. We both had the Italian Beef, wet, with mozzarella cheese, mine with sweet peppers. It was good...decent...nothing spectacular. The beef was seasoned well and very tender. We ordered them 'wet' because that's what the sign said they recommend, but personally, I am a fan of au jus, so I should have had it dipped. The fries were thin and crispy. Yum. We will be back, but it probably won't become one of our go-to places.
4	Whoah. The most authentic Chicago dog in Phoenix. Other places (Luke's, Chicago Hamburger, Al's), can learn a thing or two. First off, the place is spotless. It's nice to eat at a place where the restaurateur understands that keeping his place clean is an important aspect of the customer experience. Nice not to have dusty nasty t-shirts hanging from the walls. The fries here are also better comparable to other valley Chi-dog eateries. They perfectly match. This will now be a required stop along the way for any trip to/from northern AZ.The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars was the beef sandwich. Sorry guys, but my gold standard for thin sliced Italian beef is Portillos (Joey's beef was almost twice as thick, the bread didn't have that toasted flaky feel, and the gravy just didn't do it for me).
5	I must be back in Chicago on Clark and lake enjoying a delicious Chicago dog.  Music from 97.1fm in the background adds the finishing touch.  If you lived, visited, want to visit Chicago this is a must
2	Went here on Wednesday for lunch. Was excited to try it due to favorable Yelp reviews and I love "Chicago Hotdogs." Sorry to say, I was disappointed. We arrived about 1:00 pm. There was a long line to order that moved very slow. We placed our order of 1 Chicago dog combo, 1 jumbo dog, 1 dipped beef with sweet peppers. We were given number 73. The other members of our party had number 72. We waited patiently while other numbers were called. When they got to number 72 we expected to be next. Not so. Number 75, 76, etc.... were called but not ours. Finally had to go to the counter and ask where our order was. It ended up they lost the order!! They did make our order immediately. The food was average at best. The beef was nothing special very average. My hot dog was cold. There is no way they could have had that hot dog in the water for more than 30 seconds. Fries had no flavor. I would not return to Joey's and I do believe in giving most restaurants at least three tries in all fairness. Things like losing our order sometimes do happen so I will cut them some slack with that but the food just wasn't that good.
2	Wow I can't believe how many people think this place is awesome!  I love Vienna hot dogs but that is the only reason this place gets 2 stars is cause they use Vienna beef. The hot dog is never really hot, it seems like it's always sitting in warm water waiting to be ordered. The fries aren't fresh so that gives them no points. They use the crinkle fries. I haven't had anything else there so I can only give you my opinion on the hot dogs. The only thing this has over Luke's is that it's cheaper.
3	I've been to Joey's of Chicago a few times over the past year and have finally settled on a 3 star rating. Joey's reminds me of the Movie with Clint Eastwood titled "The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.The Good is the $1.99 Hot Dogs, the Chicago Music Station (FM 97.1), the clean restaurant and the open and spacious booths and tables.The Bad is how slow the line is when ordering your food. Also, how the cashier doesn't know the specials like when I ordered a double Italian Sausage, which consists of one bun with two italian sausages; instead she charged me for two Italian Sausage Sandwiches instead of one Italian Sausage Sandwich with a $1.99 charge for extra meat (I didn't have breakfast that day). Another time I ordered a to go order  Italian Sausage sandwich with onions, mustard and relish, instead they put on green pepper, mustard and relish. I could go on but I think you get the point. The Ugly is when the Laker/Celtic playoff game was on the TV instead of showing the Cubs/WhiteSox game when both teams had no hitters into the 7th inning. I might understand this if Phoenix was in the finals, but this is supposed to be a Chicago place.The food is hit or miss, except the Hot Dogs are always good, and contrary to what another Yelper mentioned, the Hot Dogs are fresh.
4	Forgive me Yelpers for I have sinned...It has been almost a year since my last Joeys update. Today I had the burger...big surprise right. I just cant help the fact that they make em right. Flamed grilled, real meat, fresh produce, and the bun was really good today. I had nothing but the 1/2lb burger and feel satisfied.Staff was nice as usual actually a little nicer then usual...Place was clean as usual.Prices were decent as usual.
2	Joeys Joeys Joeys.... I brought the fam here to enjoy a nice burger and well I was disappointed. My 2/3lb burger was not the fat thick burger as I once had. It is now 2x 1/3rd patties. Not even close. NO flavor at all.  (As an owner pointed out They have always used 2x 1/3rd patties... maybe I was looking for the 1/2lb?) Either way it was a hand parttied and one thick patty not thin ones. The onion rings were boring, the frys were boring, the chicken nuggets were boring, the fish was good and tarter sauce was great. Too much boring and too much money. I think Joeys out grew themselves.
3	Joey's had a neat atmosphere, and okay food.The ordering process seemed needlessly long considering the few people there, i would hate to see how backed up the line gets when it's super busy.The italian beef sandwich is basically a french dip -- don't let any overly gung ho chicagoan try to tell you otherwise.  They recommend 'dipped' where they put the whole sandwhich in the sauce, and it's likely because the bread they use is pretty dry.  I ordered my sauce on the side for dipping, and the bread was falling apart a little bit as i tried to maneuver it into the cup of tasty but watery sauce.  Whatever I had as a side was totally unmemorable, and the amount of time I waited for them to slap precooked meat on a presliced roll was not appropriate, considering the customer load at the time.2.75 generously rounded up.
4	I hit Joeys on Happy Valley about once a month. Get the dog with the onions, peppers, poppy seed bun and chase it down with some fries and a soda....really hits the spot. I like to sit where I can look at the west wall which is a huge wallpaper picture of downtown Chi-town. Anyway, these are the kind of dogs that you cock your head to the side when you take a bite and all of the poppy seeds fall off on to the foil...then you dip the dog and bun into the poppy littered foil and take another bite. You know what I am talking about and don't even act like you don't!
4	Italian beef is great.  be warned if you get it wet with cheese it's messy!
3	It's good, but not great.  The Italian beef is tasty, but hardly unique or memorable.  I actually like the sausage better.  Aside from that, it's just another Phoenix place that thinks putting Chicago/New York/etc. in the name and on the walls makes the food interesting.
1	Went with a group from work.  Ordered the special - beef and sausage and soda.  For $10.03 that is all I got, sliced beef, sausage bun and soda.  Apparently you have ask for anything else like peppers or onions.  Sure with the food server would have mentioned it.  Food was hot, but gosh it was plain.
4	The specialty at this place is a Italian Beef.  I must say, it was not bad, but I have really had better.  What really helped give the extra star are the french frys.  Perfect!  Really, perfect!  Great flavor, crispy but not crunchy, and not greasy.  The Chicago dogs also help.  I think they are only like $2 each, and pretty damn good.  Definitely worth stoping in if you find yourself in the area.  Just not worth extended travel.
3	Over all I liked it.  For a family it is a decent place to go to get a quick meal.  All of us ended up getting hot dogs.  They were decent, but not great.  My kids each had fries which were o.k.  The wife and I split the onion rings.  I've had better.  We got out of there for less than a $20 bill.  I would go back, but it certainly isn't on the top 20.  it is a nice alternative though to other fast food establishments.  Service was quick and friendly.  Summary-decent but plain food with good service.  I would suggest to the young man cleaning tables to pull your pants up.  Really didn't need to know you had blue plaid boxers on-that were more then 1/2 exposed.
4	I have never been to chi town and have no idea what a authentic Chicago dog taste like, but if they taste anything like joeys, I'm sold on the city having good Eat. I've had the Chicago style dogs on 9 out of my 10 visits just to get my dawg fix. I tried the 1/3 burger once and enjoyed it, but not enough for me to ever over look the hot dogs. the fries are Yummy. Service can be hit or miss, but I believe it may be from a high turnover in staff. always different face there to greet me. The drink size offered with the combos are a bit small. Kind of annoying to get up for 3 diet refills on a visit.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, it's Chicago dogs for crying out loud.  Can't get much better than that.
3	Being from Chicago, I want to love this place.  But it was just okay....I just had a hot dog, which was decent.I ordered a bottle of water, got rang up and paid, and then was told that they were out of water bottles.  What?  Who runs out of bottles of water?  Drive down to Wal-mart and buy a few cases!  So instead they offered me a gigantic cup for pop.  Yuck.  I didn't want soda, I wanted water.I'm not sure if I'll be rushing back here any time soon.
2	Very overpriced, beef is too well done, and you have to pay extra for any toppings you want. They are trying with the liquid cheese and the dipped sandwiches but they just fall way short, waaaaay short.
5	firstly, I am not a hot dog eater. I do NOT like hot dogs and I do not eat them often if I do not have to. I went to Chicago in 2010 for the first time, tried a Chicago dog at a well known place and was not exactly "sold" on them. Im driving home a few nights ago, saw this place and thought, I should go try another hot dog (chicago style) and Im craving those "sport" peppers. My husband and I met there and we walked in and it smelled so good in there. We walk up to the counter and I see they have the REAL Vienna Beef Chicago Dogs with Sport peppers and GREEN Relish. Okay, I will take two, just because. We ordered to go and I also bought a jar of the Vienna Beef Sport Peppers to take home. We get home, open the dogs, and I take my first bite! WOWSA!!! AWESOME AWESOME!!! I ate the first one and half of the other, as Igot too full to finish and all I can say is we have been back twice since. I am now a hot dog eater.... Only from Joeys though! Staff is friendly, atmosphere is clean, and prices are reasonable, if not a little to the high side depending on what you order. Warning: Their "Bag of Fries" will serve three people! Its huge!
4	Ordered an Italian beef. Supposedly the special at joeys. Much to my dismay they ran out of Italian beef. Judging by the amount of people (no one in the entire restaurant) the lack of beef was due to poor planning. Ordered the grilled chicken but at this point I was already disappointed. The sandwich was fare, nothing special in any way. Bland is the best description.2-4 starsUpdate- I am increasing the rating because of the owner involvement.  I have not revisited this location, but the effort to right a customer complaint is highly regarded in my book,
5	This location is just as great as the one on Bell road.  You can find my review here:http://www.yelp.com/biz/joeys-of-chicago-glendale#hrid:jg7qlJsy9Nda0P_HQbcByw
3	It was an OK hot dog.  This was the first time I had had a Chicago style dog and I wasn't impressed.  My current work schedule will bring me near here at lunch for a while and I may stop by and get a hot dog loaded my way (mustard, onions, dill relish on a regular bun) to see if my impression changes.
3	Joey's consistently delivers a pleasant dining experience. The Maxwell Street style Polish Sausage and the Italian Beef  are very good, especially if you add the gardiniera.  The Chicago style hot dogs are truly that.
3	Returned to Joey's and tried the Italian Sub.It was by far the best Italian sub sandwich I have had in Arizona.  It was reminiscent of Italian sub sandwiches I had while in the Philadelphia area.The Maxwell Street polish was also good.  The fries were hot and crisp.If you are in the area it would be a pleasant stop for lunch.
3	$12.25 + tax for a single 8" sausage?!?!?!?!Not again.Mural was cool, but with all the sur-charges for everything, I was sure they were going to charge for air if I stayed any longer.
3	Pretty good food and prices here. Sometimes wait is a bit longer than expected. Good for a lunch spot.
3	Friendly service.Ribs were taken from refrigerator and put on grill to reheat. I would have preferred them to be fresher from a BBQ restaurant.  They tasted okay though.  The sauce was spicy as the default sauce, so be prepared for that. I was not, but they were still edible at the spice level.The fries were not that great.  Soggy and wilted.Prices are pretty high here. I only go when there is one of those Deal Site deals so I can afford it.  I would expect a wider range of pricing, especially for lunch time.
2	Service was poor and so was the food.  Hot dogs are pretty simple - it's just animal byproduct in a tube shape.  Yet these people over charge and under deliver.  It is a family run business and it seems as if they are cutting every corner to make ends meet.  In the end they are being penny wise and pound foolish.Oh!  And when we voiced our unhappiness to the owner she informed us that she has never heard a bad thing about her restaurant and it must just be us.  Really?  Does she not look at Yelp?  I've seen more than one poor comment on here.
4	When I am home sick for Chicago food this is my go-to! The Hot dogs and Beef are the best I have found in the valley. I would have given them 5 stars but they seem to have training issues.
3	Joey's is a fun place to stop and grab a Chicago Red Hot, and the prices are really sweet!Like most Chicago places here in the Valley, Joey's has quite a bit of visual stuff going on when you enter the store.  Pictures of the Chicago River, etc.  The fake ivy and brick wall (photo) near where you order is a nice nod towards the Cubies.  If you are from the Southside though, you might not like it as much.  Oh, well!I also really like the texts (so signup!) offering discounts during football season when the Bears win a game.  Nice!  The only drawback is the location off I-17 and Happy Valley.  It can be a little bit of a schlep from the east valley.  But, the food is good and well worth the trip in our opinion!  So, if you are up at the outlets in Anthem, this might be a stop on the way back.  Hint, hint!Enjoy!
4	2-4 starsUpdate- I am increasing the rating because of the owner involvement.  I have not revisited this location, but the effort to right a customer complaint is highly regarded in my book,
4	Why have I not stopped here sooner?  This place was great, I ordered the Italian beef per all the great tips on Yelp and that seems what they are famous for.  It lived up to the hype, this location is a good size and very casual with TV inside.  You order like Chipotle and the lunch specials were not to bad (about $10).  I ordered my sandwich with dip on the side with spicey peppers.  Also got the coleslaw to go with it and ate the whole thing.
5	Great hot dogs, fries and hot beef sandwiches!  Staff is friendly and eager to please...
4	Beef sandwich - Yes!! We loved the fries and rings too!Is it pricey? Yes, it is....but, it's a very good sandwich!We don't go that often, however I have never had a problem - food is always hot & delicious.
3	I really enjoy Joey's selection of the Chicago radio station, The Drive 97.1 FM; they feature classic rock.On to the food. The Polish Sausage comes standard with yellow mustard, two sport peppers and grilled onions on a sesame bun. In Chicago we just say "I want a Polish". IMHO, this is the best item on the menu. The Italian Beef can be garnished with roasted green peppers and melted cheese but their version of roasted green peppers falls way short of expectation. They just thinly slice some green bell peppers and steam them. Plus they use way too much oregano and/or salt & pepper in the au jus. If I could fix one thing about Joey's it would be the Italian Beef.Their Chicago style hot dogs are decent and worth ordering. I used to not like their Italian sausages because they used to overcook them. But they do a good job with them now. Although they seem to be on the spicy side but definitely worth ordering. Their meatball sandwich is good sans the oregano. They really love their oregano at Joey's. The fries are okay but they do tend to put a lot of salt on them, so say  "easy on the salt Joey!"
4	Great place, I've had the hot dogs and the polish sausage, they're both pretty good, but my fave is the polish sausage. I totally love the malt vinegar on my fries.  The food is always hot and fresh, the staff is friendly and the place is always clean.Yes, this is on our regular rotation for lunch. Love the music as well!
5	Ha!  Joey's of Chicago is a total 5 star place to grab a fantastic Italian beef sandwich!  Despite what you may read in a few of the other reviews this place is a reliable 4 to 5 star experience.   You can count on it!  What the heck! who goes to a Chicago  style restaurant that is known for the hotdogs and Italian beef and orders a hamburger??  (Although I heard their hamburgers are burger-licious too)!This place is locally owned by some very nice folks transplanted from the burbs of Chicago.  At least I know one of them is from Schaumburg, grew up there, at least that's what I heard while eavesdropping :-)  Seriously these folks are from Chicago and they know how to cook some great Chicago style hot dogs and some DELISH hot Italian beef!   It good enough to make to folks at Portillo's proud to have some respectable competition!   Oh but this not Portillo's, for their Italian beef is a little different but in a good way!  I had their Italian roast beef sandwich with hot peppers covered with melted provolone cheese dry with a side of dip. (Don't call it ausue... Haha, that's what the peeps from Arizona called it.  In Chicago it's simply called dipping sauce :-)  Anyways, my sandwich was DELISH! The folks with me also had the same thing but they had the sandwich dipped and the other got their's wet.  I don't care for soggy bread but they seemed to like it all the same.  Hungry for a fantastic italian beef sandwich or a super chicago style hotdog Joey's is a great place! It's almost guaranteed you'll meet some other folks from the Chicago area dinning here.  I'm not from Chicago but I travel there all the time and I know you'll have a 4 to 5 star experience.  I hope to see you there!
5	Found this place on Yelp during a business training here in northern phoenix. It was either here or the burger place around the corner. I'm glad I  Picked here. I was greeted upon walking in the door, I got the Chicago dog combo with mozzarella sticks. Whole thing was 6$ great deal for what I got. I love me a good Chicago dog, and this was by far the best I have ever had. Flavorful frank, great fresh bun and fresh veggies with just the right amount of mustard on it. Oh and the mozzarella sticks, exploded with cheese and were incredibly fresh. I am by far satisfied and will be leaving with a smile on my face. You should really check this place out.
4	I Really Like this Place. Their Hot Dogs are always good. One of my favorites here is the cheeseburger. It has a very good taste to it. Also Their fries are coded, whick gives them a good flavor.
5	Been coming here since they first opened. The best burgers around. Great service. Always a great experience every time I come here.
3	Not much of a hot dog person, but this place gots me singing Hey Joey!  Joey's of Chicago has a couple of locations, but I always attend the North Phoenix one for lunch.  The place is decked out on Chicago sports memorbilia.  I love Michael Jordan!  I admire the man and what little boy during the 80's and 90's didn't want to be like Mike?I always order the Chicago-Style Hot Dogs here.  When I first ordered it I was a tab bit surprised.  It came with of the fixins' but on top was a pickle!  Needless to say this hot dog was very different, but very good!  Also, topped with peppers, onions, and radishes, this hot dog is well packed and well --- very good ya know!  Served with a side of fries Joey's is a perfect stop for a lunch.  Hot dogs for dinner?  Not in my repertoire!  Joey's claim to be authentic Chicago style hot dogs.  I've been to Chicago once in my life but never had a hot dog there.  However, I guess I'll have to take their words for it since I'm such a west coast boy.  Overall, experience at this place is never a lost.  It is what it is and Hey Joey is all fine with me! - Enjoy!
5	Started a new job in the area - was looking for something good, but not fast food. This place is awesome!!!I ordered the Crispy Chicken Salad. It is huge and it was prepped right where I could see.The best part of Joeys, to me, today at least, is that they brew China Mist Passion Fruit Iced Tea!!!!!! This makes me disgustingly happy! I wish their drink prices were a bit cheaper. I can go to AJ's and get the same tea but a 24oz for $1.51. At Joey's I paid 1.75 for a 16oz. If it were not for the price of the drink, I would go daily!
2	Wasn't a big fan. I didn't try the Italian Beef everyone is so crazy because I wasn't craving beef. All their other food just taste frozen.
5	I liked their Chicago dog so much I took my sister in.  The next visit we brought her daughters.  It is close to work and great prices for lunch!
5	The food here is delicious and the employees were fantastic and friendly! My roommate from Chicago told me she loved this place, and I was not disappointed. I'm excited for my next visit.
5	Never had a bad meal..usually get the Italian beef or Chicago red hots...Polish dogs with onions delish....if you catch it on the righr day they have the $1.99 red hot deal. ..today we try their $4.99 cheeseburger. ..very yummy!!
3	Took Jr. here the other day for lunch (summer vacation "dad, I'm bored").  This was my first trip to Joey's.  I had a 6" Italian beef sandwich; "wet", with Provolone cheese and hot peppers.   I'm not from Chicago; been there a few times, but I am so NOT an expert on Italian Beef sandwich.   I can only say that I liked Joey's version.  My sandwich was hot and very tasty.  The only complaint about it, was that the hot peppers almost overpowered the beef.  I'm thinking next time I'll get the peppers on the side and add them myself.   The sandwich was packed full of moist beef with a good flavor, and was covered w/ a nice big slice of melted provolone.My son had a 1/3 pound cheeseburger.  I had to take a "small" bite, since I was going to do a Yelp review ;).  The cheeseburger was fresh off the barbecue grill and had good flavor.  Only complaint (from me) was that it was too well done for my liking.We split a side of fries.  They were fresh out of the fryer, and we liked them.I wish Yelp would let us give a 1/2 star.  Joey's rated a solid 3 1/2 stars from me.  The staff was friendly and patient while we ordered (you know, the "first timers" thing).  The food took a few minutes, but was fresh and hot when it came.  Another big thing (for me) was that the iced tea was fresh.  There are so many restaurants and convenience stores that offer iced tea, but they don't know how to clean their containers out.  Not so w/ Joey's, tea was fresh and very good (China Mist).We left Joey's full and happy.  We will be back again.
4	This place is really great we ended up taking the kids and they got the hot dogs and I got the burger. I must say that the burger was really good almost as if a taste angel came down and touched the tip of my tongue with this blast of flavor. I will definitely be coming back. Oh yeah they have Mr. Pibb I love that stuff!!
4	My husband and I went to a bar around the corner from Joey's of Chicago that had no food, but had delivery menus from all over. The bartender recommended Joey's of Chicagofor a good snack/fast food. WOW! I am a hot dog lover and these were so delicious, my husband and I can't wait to have them again. We never went to the actual restaurant so I can't comment on that, but these dogs were fesh, creative and super tasty.
4	Very good Chicago style hit dogs and sandwiches. Beef sandwich was decent, I added hot peppers & provolone cheese dipped. Overall very tasty and I enjoyed the flavors.
1	This place left us underwhelmed and disappointed. We were very excited to see this place packed!! But once we got our food after about a 20 minute wait, we couldn't see why this place was so busy.  We got the cheese burger special (that doesn't come with fries) and an Italian beef. The burger was burnt!! And the beef left much to be desired, it was dry and was unlike a Portillos-type Italian beef flavor that we are used to being from Chicago. The beef didn't have a good flavor and was dry despite being "dipped." What a waste of money. Do yourself a favor and go to Portillos or lukes of Chicago and skip Joeys!
