3	One of the numerous Food Fight Corp. dinner spots in town, it doesn't break the mold.  High on style, low on substance, Eldorado provides a pleasant atmosphere and upscale Tex-Mex fare.  Better burritos and fajitas can be found in town but not in a place as nice.  Also, stay away from the brunch.  Slow service and cold food.
3	I love the margaritas here.  I also like the chips and dip.  This place is best utilized at happy hour, for that reason.
4	El Dorado Grill is located inside an old candy factory next door to Ground Zero coffee shop.  They specialize in Tex-Mex food and have a huge menu.  The restaurant has a nice warm atmosphere with all kinds of tequila bottles lined on single shelves near the ceiling.  They also play old time country music which really compliments the atmosphere.  Chips and Salsa are quite good.The Margaritas here are delicious!  The handmade Tamales are filled with shredded seasoned pork and are very moist and tasty.  The enchiladas with Oaxacan Mole Sauce is really good however, I'm not a fan of the sour cream they drizzle on top (I love sour cream and I know other places that drizzle SC on top of their mole sauce, but I really think it interferes with the sauce so I usually ask for no sour cream). The Chicken Chalupa is good.  It's like a tostada with grilled seasoned chicken (wish it was a little more seasoned and spicy), mixed greens and pico de gallo and a dollop of SC).   Recently had the Machaca Pork Chalupa which is I think is more flavorful than the chicken.Recently had the K.W.'s Texas Smoked Brisket - delicious!  The brisket is coated with 8 secret spices and slow roasted for 12 hrs.  Can't go wrong with that!  It's served on Texas toast which gets pretty soggy/mushy - it should just be served on the side or not at all since there are yummy little corn cakes served with this dish as well.  They really pile on the mashed potatoes (a bit much if you ask me) and the blackeyed peas are ok.I really need to try more of their desserts.  I've only had the Chocolate Ancho Pecan Pie.  It was pretty good however the top of the pie was a little on the burnt side.
3	Good Ritas, but the meal was a litte underwhelming. My rice and beans seemed to have that look of having been plated hours previously and the pork tacos had no real zing. My wife's rellano was nice but had one too many cheeses stuffed in it. Eat inside for more comfortable tables.
4	My wife loves this place - I like it too but don't have her passion for it. Trendy southwestern food. Atmosphere is great, service has always been good. Food is usually good with an emphasis on unusual and presentation. Prices are a bit high and portions a bit low - but it is a good place to place to go to impress.
1	Grade: FPerhaps the nastiest slop I have ever eaten. Terrible service. The chips and salsa are the only non-unpleasant things about this place.  Kudos to Food Fight Inc.
5	Had after dinner drinks here for my birthday party.  Wasn't sure how they could handle the large (36 person) group on a Sat night, but they were awesome.  The margarita's here are great and it's fun to branch out into tequila tasting.  So not as pretentious as wine, and frankly quicker to the punch!Sarah, the manager, was very accomodating and knowledgeable.  Wonderful place.I've heard about their brunch, we'll have to go sometime!
3	This is a great place for breakfast(although I will admit, I was getting tired of it because my boyfriend's family ALWAYS suggests going here when in town).A southwest vibe, without being hokey. The blue corn pancakes with chile butter are amazing, and the breakfast burrito is good too. I am definitely trying a bloody mary next time I go, because they look delicious.I've gone for lunch once or twice, and it was okay...but I have other places I'd rather drop my dollars.
3	We tried Eldorado for the first time this weekend- it was fairly busy on a Friday night, but not so much that it felt crowded.  Wait staff were super- the mojitos were good, and the salsa was yummy.  I had the pork tenderloin, potatoes, gravy, and beans.  The tenderloin was a little pink for me (sorry, but I grew up afraid of trichinosis), although it was tasty.  The gravy was interesting and the potatoes were good.  The beans, not so much, but whatever.We did have the chocolate bread pudding, and while I'm a huge fan of traditional bread pudding (Famous Dave's rocks, by the way), this was quite good.  I'm not sure I'd hurry back, but it was a good experience.
4	The only thing I've ever had here is the spinach enchiladas at brunch.  They are so good, I'm afraid to try anything else, in fear that it won't measure up.  The cheese and spinach inside is soooo good and creamy, and the tortillas are just crispy enough.  The salsa on top is the freshest I've ever tasted.  The potatoes are good (when aren't potatoes at least good?), but I'm not a huge fan of beans (anywhere).  I'd like to sub the beans out for an egg, but the $2 substitution charge is something I refuse to pay.  Have fun trying the various Bloody Marys!
3	I went here for Date Night with the boy.  I'd never been, and he couldn't remember if he'd ever gone before or not.  It was a Thursday just before 7, and it was extremely busy.  We still got a table right away, fortunately, because we were both ravenous.  The table was not a good one.  I can't say I care for the way the restaurant is laid out.  We were smack dab in the middle of the room, which meant my chair was mere inches from another diner's chair, and waitstaff was always squeezing by.  It was very noisy, too.  Additionally, our waitress was training another waitress, but they weren't always together...so, they would each come check on the table, causing us to be interrupted an awful lot.We each got a margarita on the rocks (very good, but pricey), and chips & salsa.  The chips & salsa were less than $2, and while I'm used to having them included in my Mexican restaurant eating excursions, they were well worth the added expense.  I believe both the chips and salsa are homemade, and are extremely tasty.The boy wound up getting the pork burrito, I had the chicken & mushroom burrito.  It was a Burrito Bonanza!  Surprisingly, both of the burritos tasted different.  Mine had the very prevalent flavors of roasted chicken and corn.  His was more delicately smoky.  Both very good.  The portions were enormous, as they included black beans and rice.  I was pleasantly surprised that the black beans were just that, and not actually refried goo.  There was so much food that I couldn't finish, and that was a welcome change of pace.Overall, it was a positive experience.  I just wish the atmosphere had been different.  The food in and of itself merited at least 4 stars.
5	The only place in town that offers a wide variety of margaritas with fresh squeezed lime juice- you'll never think about the pre-made blended margaritas at cheap mexican restaurants the same again after you've tasted what a real margarita should taste like.  Coupled with real Texas-style BBQ (the pulled pork is incredible), a giant pork burrito, or the famous Seafood enchiladas, I always leave feeling satisfied and stuffed.  The atmosphere is fun, especially on busy Fridays and Saturdays with old country music playing in the background, but also classy and unique compared to most mexican places in Madison.  The service is fast and personable, the homemade salsa is enough to keep me coming back, and the giant wall of tequila makes this an exciting experience that differs from some of the cookie-cutter Food Fight restaurants.  The brunch menu is also inexpensive for a ton of filling, delicious, unique food- I highly suggest the Eldorado Benedict with the pasilla hollandaise sauce!The negative reviews seem to have a common theme: they each ordered the most boring things on a very extensive menu (chicken enchilladas or one of the kinds of tacos) and then were disappointed when they weren't incredible.  Well yes, if you want to order a tortilla with some veggies and meat on it, you won't be blown away because it's a boring meal for boring people.  Instead, expand your horizons to ANYTHING else on the menu, something that you couldn't make at home in 5 minutes, and you will be impressed.  At the very least, go for the fajitas or burritos- not too extravagant but huge and delicious.
5	Mexican food AND barbecue!? AWESOME! It's the most expensive Mexican restaurant I've ever been to, but they serve more upscale versions of the traditional dishes. I've been happy with everything I've ordered here, and the margaritas are great.
4	The best margaritas in the city; in fact, the only places I've had the like were in Phoenix and San Francisco.  Great tequilas.  The chips and salsa complement the drinks very well and are much, much better than what you get at chain Mexican restaurants.The entrees are a bit pricey (for which I docked a star; the food and drinks are a 5) , but they're quite good and beautifully presented.  Vegetarian entrees are clearly marked.  There are two different vegetarian enchiladas--both with spinach, which is a little confusing--but they are equally delicious and very fresh-tasting.  The black beans and Mexican rice served with most entrees are okay, but not spectacular.  The only entree that has ever disappointed me was the Thai vegetable fajitas (I just didn't like the flavor).  I do wish they had a different vegetarian fajita, because I love fajitas. The desserts are amazing.  If you love chocolate, try the chocolate cherry bread pudding--but be sure to share it with someone else; it's enormous.
5	Great margaritas and their bleu cheese steak with kale is outstanding!
4	Since moving away from Madison, Eldorado is one of those restaurants I miss. The atmosphere is nice...tex mex meets modern design. Very hip. In regards to the food, dinner entrees don't really stick out. What I do continue to crave, however, is the brunch menu. I LOVE the blue corn pancakes. Highly recommended. I also recommend you wash them down with a mimosa.My early-morning-empty-tummy misses you, Eldorado.
2	Eldorado Grill is a decent place.  Not great, not spectacular, not ridiculously good, but simply decent.  Interesting menu options - Bison meatloaf?  That's cool.  Interesting location - the Sprecher building has a ton of character and charm; the feel is cozy but not cramped; airy but not huge; dark but not dreary.  Great selection of Tequilas and drinks; the tequilas more or less stand on their own - that goes without saying.  But $8 for a shot of Sauva Tres Generaciones?  An entire bottle is $37... The rest of the drinks read interesting enough, but when executed they just seem "off."  We tried a watermelon margarita - it tasted more like cucumber, and definitely wasn't worth $11.  The sangria was bitter.  The Shiner Bock was flat.  ...sigh...Our waiter was friendly enough, but may have been trying a bit too hard to be especially hip and/or cool.  Didn't seem to care too much about anything; didn't really check-in on us enough - never came back to ask how the food was or if we needed another drink (we had to flag him down for round 2 of drinks).We ordered a variety of items - chips and salsa ($1.79) - the chips are thick-style and decent.  The salsa had a bit of an unusual flavor, but in a good way.  No real bite to it, though.Entrees included: chicken enchiladas ($16) - comments included, "tastes like Lean Cuisine" and "meh"; chicken soft tacos ($12) - comments included, "small portion," "no real flavor"; and a tortilla salad with chicken ($10) - huge salad with mixed greens, tortilla strips, tomatoes, peppers and chicken - comments included, "massive" and "decent."Our bill arrived - $84 for 3 people with a few drinks.  YIKES.  I don't have a problem paying for a great meal, but therein lies the problem - Eldorado wasn't great.  It wasn't even close to being great.  We left and went to the CBI for popcorn and boots of beer.Eldorado = FAILService = 2.5 stars (not horrible, but not outstanding; way too "hip")Food = 2 stars (nothing exciting or awe-inspiring)Value = 1 star ($16 for enchiladas?  Really??  $11 for a margarita?)MISC = 4 stars (great atmosphere/building/feel)Summary: If you've got $100 burning a hole in your pocket and you want to sit in a cool building and enjoy some mediocre food, Eldorado is your place.  Otherwise, take the $100, enjoy a pizza from Glass Nickel or Roman Candle and spend the rest on beers/drinks at another establishment.
4	This is a favorite brunch spot with friends. Two words: eldorado eggs.They have a pretty fun&unique brunch menu with a lot of non-standard options - so you are bound to try something new. Bloody Marys are really good, but I recommend the Bloody Maria... It's an adventure. Also of note- they have a robust tequila selection as well.The service is generally good , however drinks always take a while.I wouldn't go out of your way to go here, but if you live in Madison, make a stop sometime. (disclaimer- I've never eaten dinner here)
4	The Food at eldorado is quite good. It's definatly on the American side of the Tex/Mex fence with a lot of seafood options and some traditional bbq options. I had a salmon thing and a bacon/jalepeneo appetizer but the entire menu looked good. The black beans and rice were OK, but next time I'll try a different side.  Also our server was smoking cute, the whole staff looked to be, so go here. I haven't found a ton of great standard mexican places in Madison, that's what I was hoping for at el dorado. It's not really that, but what it is is pleasant in it's own unique way.
4	yummerschnaks this place is good.  Owned by the guy who owns half a dozen other restaurants in Madison, he rarely fails to disappoint and the El Dorado is no exception.Located in a cool old-brick building on Willy st., the El Dorado offers a great brunch selection.  I've never been there for lunch, so my review, while limited, will tell you just how good the brunch is.In the several times that I've been there, I've usually had the scrambled eggs with chorizo sausage cooked-in, along with sides and such.  Absurdly good.  The other breakfast options I tried were all quite impressive as well, and they give you enough food that no one goes home hungry.  Service was good; waitresses have been prompt at getting refills and checking up on everyone, and they let you have enough time to schmooze with your companions as well.  Overall, the El Dorado provides a nice relaxing environment to have a casual Sunday brunch in a great neighborhood.  It's a little nicer of a place and the prices are a bit high, so keep that in mind depending on what type of place you like to frequent.Tex-Mex done right.
4	Honestly, this place probably should get a 3 star rather than a 4 star, but I'm a fan.  I've only been here for brunch, but I've heard negative and unenthusiastic reviews from friends who were there for dinner.  I imagine that their non-brunch menu isn't worth coming in for.  This place is a bit of a hit and miss when it comes to the food.  I usually order the El Dorado eggs when I'm there because I'm a big fan of poached eggs and the lime scallion sauce they drizzle over the eggs is way way better than any hollandaise sauce.  The corn cakes is also a much better choice than any biscuit.  However, the poaching of the eggs is often hit or miss.  At times the eggs are perfectly runny, at other times, they've come out completely cooked.  Really, why poach an egg if it's not runny?  I really enjoy their bloody marys as well and their extra spicy bloody mary is a solid spicy but not peppery kick.
4	This place is great!  Their margaritas are strong and from scratch.  I would totally recomend the Lobster, Shrimp and Seafood Enchilada - YUMM-O!!
4	Great service, great food, great drinks, great place!!!  I had the pork tacos and they were fantastic.  The waiter stated that the pork is slowly roasted for 8 hours and it was DELICIOUS!!!  A friend of mine had raved about the watermelon margaritas and they were everything she said and more, delicious also!  The salsa is fantastic, some of the best I have ever had.  Plus they have Shiner Bock on tap!!!!  I will definitely go back!!!
4	The best Tex-Mex I've had in Madison so far. Interesting menu and great atmosphere.
2	Two words: Rip. Off. Everything here is overpriced in an otherwise reasonably priced city. $12 for only two chorizo tacos?! You must be kidding. They were good, but not worth the price. I realize I've got it good living in a city where there are Mexicans, but there is simply no reason to gouge customers for mediocre food. The standard sides are black beans and rice. The black beans were bland, the rice forgettable. I substituted the collard greens and corn cakes, which were also unimpressive, unless you just want straight-up collard greens cooked a bit on the flattop with nothing else added. What's the matter Eldorado Grill? Afraid dairy-loving Sconnies can't stand the taste of Flavor? I had a tasty, spicy tequila drink backed up with a bottle of Tecate, so it wasn't a complete loss...
3	Went here for brunch with some ladies this past Sunday.  I know for dinner this place is definately overpriced for what you get but for brunch, it ws definately reasonably priced for brunch, with most items around $8.  It was packed when we got there but we only had to wait about 10 minutes.  We went to the bar and got two bloodys and a coffee.  We got the one with the house-made chili infused vodka and it came with an amber beer chaser, for $6.50.When we got seated we waited, no lie, about 10 minutes before we were approached by a server.  I was just about to go to the host stand when a frazzled server stopped by.  We placed our order and waited, again, for about 30 min to get our food.  I work in the service industry and not even dinner items take 30 minutes... Whatever.The food was good though and almost made up for the wait.  I originally wanted the mango-pineapple french toast, but they were out of the mango :( so I had the banana walnut french toast... it was really good, and they coat the bread in some type of crunchy crumbs before they grill them!My friends both got the crab eggs benedict and they loved it! At the end of the meal, we had to wait another 15 minutes to get the bill paid and get a box. If it wasn't for the shoddy service I wouldv'e given this place 4 stars.
2	we came in late-ish one rainy evening for dinner, after a friend highly recommended it. the place was virtually empty but it still took ages for us to be seated. i ordered the grilled lobster, shrimp and crab enchiladas and was fairly disappointed by the lack of flavor. i don't remember what my boyfriend ordered, but he had a similar issue with his dish. the service was extra slow during our whole meal, and the waitress didn't even bother to refill my water. for the price, you should definitely get better food and service.
2	I've been to this place one time and we were not impressed. I had been having a conversion with a manager on a work project about the lack of quality mexican in Madison and he pointed me to this place. Unfortunately, this manager was not very good, so I probably should have stuck with my gut and crossed this off the list of places to try. How did I feel when I left the restaurant? The portions were fairly small for the price and the food was not that great. Smaller portions are actually something I tend to prefer these days, so you don't have to have a lot of food, but this is also texmex. Mexican portions should be large since it's fairly cheap to make and is definitely a type of food you can box up and enjoy as a leftover. So, the hunt for great mexican in Madison continues. I've heard of a couple solid places of late. Stay tuned for upcoming reviews.
4	Best damn mehicano food in town!
2	I went here for restaurant week.  I was really looking forward to it and was sorely disappointed.   I liked the inside, but the food was mediocre.  I went with a few other people and we each had different entrees and we all felt the same way...a little sad.  The food wasn't BAD, it just wasn't WOW.  It was fun, but I would never go back and pay full prices.
4	The margaritas here are the best!You have to pay for the chips & salsa, which kinda seems wierd ... but the chips are amazing and the salsa is awesome, so its definately worth it!The chicken mushroom burrito is very good.  I get it everytimeThis place has good, and very friendly service at bar & tables.
2	Overpriced. Nice staff, in spite of having to listen to the owner-or-whoevers stupid self-produced "country" music all night. That didn't help the dining experience much at all; I was annoyed after 15 minutes, I can't imagine having to listen to that all the time. The walk home through the silent construction dinosaurs on Willy street at night was more interesting than the food.
5	The Eldorado Grill has been a special place for our family for years. From birthdays to rehearsal dinners to anniversaries, we count on the Eldorado for great food, a fun atmosphere, and a very friendly staff every time we go there... and we've never been disappointed.One of the reasons that the Eldorado is great is because you can find something that's appealing based on the mood you're in. Need some feel-good food? I'd recommend the chicken fried chicken (best I've ever had!)... Need some spice? Try some of the specialty tacos, enchiladas, or burritos. And by the way, DON'T MISS the Texas Torpedoes as an appetizer... there is simply nothing like them!
1	CRAZY overpriced unappealing boring entrees with a pretentious atmosphere...move on...  there are way way WAAYYY better choices in town.
5	Over 50 types of Tequila? I had no idea! There are actually tequila's that are triple the price of a bottle of Dom Perignon Champagne. Their selection of wine was also quite good. Alcohol aside, the pork chops were perfect. 2-3 inches thick and succulent. I wasn't all that impressed with the cheese enchilada, but that is more my fault for deciding to try something that I normally don't eat. So, the pork chop gets a five star!
2	Sunday brunch, 5 people, 11AM.  Restaurant was busy, but there was no wait for a table.  Let's start with the food/drinks: Bloody Mary was too garlicky, I only drank half.  Everyone seemed pleased with their food; huevos rancheros were well salted/spiced.  If this review only considered the quality of food, it'd be 4 stars.Onto the service...our waiter was an EMBARRASSMENT.* Our waiter neglected to fill our water and coffee throughout our visit.  It got so bad that my boyfriend grabbed the coffee and water carafe from the bussers' area and refilled our drinks on more than one occasion.  Somehow none of the other waitstaff noticed us either.* Tables that placed their orders after us received their food before us.  Our meal took an hour in getting to the table.* Our waiter never asked how the meal tasted or if he could get us anything.  It took us asking repeated times to actually get more gravy/syrup.* Our waiter only visited our table 3 times and spoke no more than 10 total words to us.  Working in food service requires communication with your customer; this guy must have missed class that day.* When the check came, we all had our cash on the table and one person had their credit card out.  The waiter walked up to our table, grabbed the credit card, without saying anything, and ran it.I was excited to add Eldorado Grill to our growing list of good brunch spots to enjoy with out of town guests, but after this experience I will recommend going elsewhere.
4	I hadn't been here for years and was quite pleased to re-connect for a GREAT dinner on a Monday night. Not crowded...fast service and really TASTY food. The salsa sampler is still the best, however the SMALL portion of Guacamole was gobbled up much too quickly for the price. The Steak was perfect and the Bleu Cheese butter topping was decadent and delightful, as were the  collard greens and whipped taters!!!
2	I was a little disappointed with Eldorado Grill but definitely plan on going back to give it another chance because it had potential.
4	Oh gosh. Cinnamon-crusted french toast. That's mostly all you need to know.Went for brunch and was pleased to find huge, tasty meals for less than $10 a person. I got the banana pecan french toast and was delighted to find that 'cinnamon crust' didn't mean some spices had been sprinkled on top of the loaf, but rather that the whole slice of bread had been dredged in a crunchy cinnamon coating. Delicious and a big enough portion to make into 2.5 or 3 meals if you get a side (I did - the house potatoes, which were well-seasoned and thinly sliced, but could have used a bit more crispiness for my liking). A friend got the pinapple-mango french toast and that looked amazing as well. She did a smart thing and ordered the fruit on the side, keeping the bread from turning into mush and making it perfect for leftovers. The other three people we dined with got egg-based things, and they all seemed happy. I'm not an egg person, so I didn't pay too close attention to what they ordered - Eldorado eggs, an omelette, and a scramble I believe. Service was fast and friendly, and at 10 am on a Saturday the place was pleasantly quiet and uncrowded - Saturday brunch is a newer addition to their hours from what I understand, but I imagine it won't stay half-empty for long. Going for brunch has definitely convinced me I need to check out lunch or dinner.
5	Just awesome! I crave the food all the time. Great atmosphere and service, if a little pricey. I love it!
3	One of the better brunch spots in town, though I don't recommend trying for brunch without a reservation or you'll wait an hour or two in their hallway or hovering 2-deep at their bar.    Food has been good to very good every time. Nothing has ever arrived to me under or over cooked, ill prepared or lacking in flavor.      However I have more than once experienced trouble with their waitstaff being somewhat less than competent. Most recently, our waitress absolutely could not figure out how to split our (group of 5) checks, even though we told her right away before we ordered. Her attempts to fix it were so completely wrong and off base that it was obvious she did not have anything written down from what we ordered or asked or told her. She got a manager to fix it, and it was still very wrong. Not a little, a lot. Like, things no one ordered wrong. It was so horrible that after about 30 minutes of being really nice to her about it, we just told her to have her manager put everything back together, and we would sort it out. Stuff like that.     Food is yummy, even though it's a Food Fight restaurant, I keep coming back.
4	Great for Tex Mex. Had the chile relleno, which was great. The rice and beans were great. My friends had a plate with Eldorado's chipotle potato salad - AWESOME! The corn bread pancakes are a cool twist on just pain corn bread.
4	Killer Bloody Murder - a brunch beverage that is arguably the best bloody mary in Madison. When I was there I ate a smoked salmon, eggs benedict, dish that was also quite tasty. Tex-Mex has resulted in some unspeakable culinary crimes but Eldorado Grill does a good job making up for those atrocities.
4	Come here for Brunch! Order the Huevos Rancheros.I've eaten here for dinner and must say I was not impressed, but the Saturday and Sunday brunch is phenomenal--I rate it best in Madison. The Huevos Rancheros are the best I have ever eaten. (I tend to try huevos rancheros wherever I go and few can compare). Also exceptional--the biscuits and gravy, and the bacon. Note this brunch that I highly recommend is not a buffet style brunch, but everything on the menu is delicious.
3	Simple enough: food is good, service mediocre to bad. Details: El Dorado Benedict is delicious, and the waffles too, especially with fruit. Service is uniformly slow. Wait staff might see you once at most in the 40-60 minutes between placing your order and receiving your food. Look forward to another ten minutes just waiting for someone to run your card. Nary an apology or word of concern for the wait. Wait staff aren't overtly rude; they just don't seem to give a rat's ass about you or notice that you're there. This is not a one-time opinion -- I've been there 4 times for brunch (the food is worth the trip); each time the service has been the same, across multiple servers and times. A shame, since their menu is wonderful. Their management would do well to add some cooks, change their waiters, or both. In summary, go for a leisurely and tasty brunch, but make sure you enjoy your company, because you'll be chatting with them for a long long time.
4	I had been to El Dorado once about 12 years ago, and recently re-visted it for Restaurant Week 2012.  I have to say, the reviews I have read here that complain about a bad atmosphere, overpriced food, and poor waitstaff must've had a very different experience than I did.  First, we were seated quickly, even though we were about 15 minutes early for our reservation.  We were waited on quickly, and our food came out in the same manner.  I understand why some might complain about overpriced food, as some of the entrees are almost $20.00.  However, I like to think of myself as a thrifty consumer, and I believe you can easily come here and get an appetizer and entree for two people and be easily sated.  Just don't order too much food and you won't pay too much.  Simple.Disclosure:  I. Love. Nachos.  The pork nachos were out of this world.  Priced just under $8.00, they were plenty for two or three people to share as an appetizer.  They were a bit messy, but I'm not above finger/plate licking when it comes to delicious food. My dining partner ordered all vegetarian food, and she was VERY pleased with, a.) their  accommodation and b.) how tasty the alternatives were.   Great place to go if you're a meat-eater and your dining companion is a vegetarian.  Some of her food looked better than mine!All in all, they had out of this world pork on each pork-centric dish I ordered.  The smoked pulled pork was fantastic, and I could barely finish half of the serving.  It comes with an unusual 4 sides (coleslaw, chipotle potato salad, pinto beans, and a light corn pancake).  Who thought this wasn't enough food??  I had two meals after taking home more than half of my plate.The atmosphere was unpretentious, lively, and a great place to just have a chat with a friend.  Visit El Dorado soon if you haven't been there already.
3	Slow service, confused host; but great vibe for brunch w/ mimosas!
2	Eldorado is somewhere I think I like, until I go again and remember the mediocrity. I've given up on the pancakes(a former love of mine), because they are SO ginourmous, that they are always doughy and rawish in the middle. You're reduced to eating around the edges. So, my other brunch dishes have been alright, but I've I'm driving over to the East Side, I'll drive a few more feet and go to Madison Sourdough.
5	Still LOVE it here!!! I don't think my life would be complete without the fish tacos and the corn cake...mmmmmmm
5	Recently discovered Eldorado Grill, after 25 years of buzzing all over Madison.  Been there three times in the past 6 weeks, all excellent experiences.This place is a combination of Southern and Southwestern, with some Central Mexico influences. Rather eclectic execution of all three cuisines.  Read the menu carefully, and ask your server questions.  If you are lucky enough to be served by Walker, game on!  The guy taught me more about tequila in 10 minutes than I've learned in my 40 plus years of cocktailing.Ignore the negative reviews, try the place and make up your own mind.   Excellent Saturday/Sunday brunch.
4	Not disappointing. Start with some tequila - your knowledgable server will steer you in the direction of a taste sensation. Their special margaritas are pretty darn swell too (e.g. there was a spicy specialty that darn if I can't remember the name now). The pork dishes are just great (smoked pulled pork, Machaca burrito). I ventured out for the catfish this visit and really liked it - not overly blackened, just spiced and tasty with pickled red onions. The spinach and mushroom enchiladas were had by the wife - simply delicious mushrooms with verde salsa.Good service. Only suggestion - give a guy some chips on the house. No kids menu but they will make smaller quesadillas, etc.
5	Hands-down the best breakfast (well, brunch) in Mad-town.  Yippee Hash is a personal fave, but one really can't go wrong with any of the dishes (I've tried about 8 and been happy every time.)  Be sure to get a side of their house-made chipotle puree - it's divine.Be prepared for a relaxed dining environment, as you will not be rushed.  On the flip-side, you'll also wait a bit longer for your food.  The old-time country background music just adds to the western ambience.  So, kick back, enjoy the experience and bring a paper (or order a bloody) if you are the ancy-type.
4	I was visiting from out of town here after work with my coworkers.  Nice place, food was pretty good.  I got the BBQ Peach Pork dinner WOW I was impressed!  I'd get it again, pork was thick soft and juicy.  Greens were not overly cooked and flavorful, the relish on top was cold and fresh and the mash potato was thick and creamy not like out of a box taste.  The apps were good and the drinks were even better.  We ordered and shared (2) slices of pecan pies, it was warm and a lot of pecans yummy!Staff was friendly and helpful of the menu.Since I was visiting, I'd go back and try other things.  My coworkers enjoyed all the "pork" orders more flavorful than the beef.  Tacos were good.  Not fond of paying for chips and salsa though.  I would think it comes with ordering a meal.
5	Long story short, I'd recommend this place in a heartbeat.I visited after a recommendation from a friend. We had a Food Fight Restaurant Group gift card, so we decided to try Eldorado Grill.The atmosphere is a southern/cool/cozy/modern sort of feel. It was loud, which didn't bother me, but might some people. Lighting very interesting. Just overall, the ambiance is unique.All of the food we ate was great. The salsa had an interesting smokey flavor to it. (Ancho?) And as simple as the typical side dishes of rice and beans may seem, even those were fantastic! My only "gripe" was that the servers used plastic pitcher-like containers to fill up the salsa bowls at the tables. With the somewhat-upscale atmosphere and plating style, I didn't think that the plastic containers really matched well with the atmosphere. As silly as that seems, that is an inconsistency in the aesthetics that I noticed.Service was great, food was wonderful, and I hope to go back soon!
5	The service at the bar was great along with the house margarita. The guacamole chalupas were outstanding! Next time in Madison, we will be back for sure!
4	I go here Quite Often for brunch.  Here is my take:4 Stars. The Brunch Menu is very good. They Offer A Couple Variations of Eggs Benedict With A Southern Twist that I have found to be very good.  If You're in the mood for a Giant Breakfast Burrito go with the Gringo Burrito.  It's filled With Ham, Cheese, and Eggs.  Delicious.  The Breakfast Potatoes that come with each dish are to die for.  Highly recommend this place for Brunch.
4	There is always a hesitancy when I go to Food Fight restaurants.  Overall, I feel the restaurants in the group are hit and miss and I always find an excuse to go somewhere else.  Luckily, I threw caution to the wind and brunched it up a few Sundays ago.  Maybe I set the bar too low but left impressed with what we had.As it is never too early to drink bloody mary's, EG serves up some great ones.  I had the spicier version (Killer Bloody Murder) and it fit the bill.  With housemade chili vodka, a mass of skewered vegetables, and a beer chaser, I was pleased with my selection.  I then followed it up with a mezcal and grapefruit drink called the Paloma which also didn't disappoint.Now, onto the food.  As I like to eat myself into a food induced coma, I went with the Chicken Fried Chicken Biscuit.  Served with house potatoes, the chicken is topped with a fried egg, cheddar cheese and topped with a country gravy.  Yes, the calorie count was infinity but it tasted amazing.  My friend ordered the Migas.  She was a big fan.  Living in Austin, I feel they don't quite match up to the legendary dish served up at Ciscos, but they come close.  Starting with scrambled eggs with poblano peppers, onions, cheese, and tortilla strips, Eldorado steps it up and tops it with bacon.  All in all, we had a great meal.  Overly stuffed, slightly buzzed.  What more can you ask for on a Sunday morning?
5	I've been here three times and the food has always been incredible!This time, we came on short notice for dinner, right at the peak time.  We opted to eat at the bar and the bar tender was amazing!  Trying to single-handily serve the bar AND all drink orders for the rest of the restaurant....really not a fair thing to ask of a single bar tender in such a hot restaurant.  That said, he did an admirable job.  The kitchen was backed up a bit - they warned us ahead of time.  We had to wait a little for the food but, he comped us a beer and chips....cool!hint:  call ahead for a reservation or, eat at the bar - full service menu there!
5	Last night we had a fabulous dinner at Eldorado Grill!  We went out with another couple who knew the menu really well.  We started with Texas Torpedo's...I'm not a spicy fan so I didn't have one but the other three at the table loved them!  I'm trying to make healthier choices so I went with the Thai Vegetable Fajitas.  They were fantastic!  Definitely plenty of food - great atmosphere and service.  I had three drinks while we were there (I'm making healthier food choice, not stopping drinking).  The first was the Iguana Margarita.  The melon flavored at a fun unique twist I'd never tasted in a margarita - definitely good, definitely strong.  Next I tried the Sangria.  It went really well with my dinner.  In the meantime my husband had ordered the 'Danger's Door County Cocktail' and I took a sip to try it.  Normally I would have stopped at two drinks...I immediately realized I had to had a Door County Cocktail of my own.  I'm not even sure how to describe it.  A tart, fruity drink that you know had a lot of booze but couldn't really taste that it was there...wonderful.  The food was great, the company fantastic, service wonderful, and I would go back for all those things but I honestly will definitely have to go back just to have another Danger's Door County Cocktail.
5	I love this place.  It's our go-to place for dinner. The food is always good.  It's a challenge for me to try new menu items because I have favorites that I always want to reorder.  The margaritas are really tasty and can be dangerous if you're not careful.  The servers are knowledgeable and eager to please. The bar area is usually crowded but that's fine with me and part of the whole picture. The atmosphere is casual and comfortable.  I like that it's a little noisy.  I always make reservations.in advance.Kevin Tubbs' cookbooks are also great and allow us to try to recreate the menu items at home.
2	Tex Tubb's food is better and less expensive.  While the food was presented nicely, I was not impressed with my burrito.  Pretty bland and the whole time I was just wishing I had gone to Tex Tubb's.  Although my margarita did make up some for my disappointment in the food.  Maybe the brunch is better here, but I definitely would not go back for dinner.
3	This place is pretty good for brunch. Tons of veggie options for us veg-friendly folk.One of the biggest frustrations is the lack of variety in the menu. I've been a couple times, but it seems like every item includes: a corn tortilla, some veggies, and potatoes in one form or another. Even lousy Mexican restaurants find a way to mix it up with some sauces or variations in cooking style.Drinks are great! They have chile-infused vodka that they make a lot of their drinks with. They also have a couple different versions of Bloody Mary's (one with tequila!). I would recommend trying one of the crazy ones if you go.Otherwise, the food is pretty average. Yippie Hash is one of my personal favorites (also pretty healthy).
3	I've been back to Eldorado a handful of times since my review of nearly four years ago, and while it's still not stellar, it's not exactly awful.The most recent visit was actually quite good. We sat outside on their covered deck; a light rain was falling - the mesh walls allowed for good airflow while blocking most of the rain.Our server was prompt, friendly, and offered good suggestions. This was about the only visit where the service we've had was really good. I'd give our server 4-stars.Drinks - solid, but pricey. Check out their happy hour, where certain mixers are just $5 and appetizers are half-price. Tap selection remains dismal.Chips and salsa - meh. The salsa is still quite mild and has a heavy hint of smoke to it. Order-up to the guacamole - it's delicious. Menu - hasn't appeared to have changed in four years. We most recently had the goat cheese and spinach empanadas, which were tasty. The side of pico sealed the deal. We also had the fish tacos, which featured huge slabs of blackened mahi. I felt it was somewhat flavorless; the blackening seasoning was very mild. Prices remain high - even with taking advantage of the happy hour specials, we dropped $54 on 1 entree, 1 appetizer, chips/salsa/guac, and 2 rounds of drinks. So... I'll grant a bit of a pass and say that after 6-8 additional visits Eldorado earns three stars on average. The service aspect is critical; more often than not, the service is subpar, so be warned.
5	We stopped at Eldorado for a late-night bite and some margaritas.  It did not disappoint.  The drinks were very fresh (no margarita mix here).  They have a wide variety of tequilas and mixed drink options to choose from.  I stuck with the house margarita and some nachos to share.  I've heard brunch is very good.  It may be time for another trip to Madison!
5	Duchess!! "enough said"... and that their brunch is pretty incredible too...!!
5	Semi-vegan-friendly mexican food, great salsa and guac, everything else so-so.Chips - 3 stars (not made fresh inhouse, or, if so, for shame)Salsa - 5 stars (although I didn't like being charged for it -- should be included in the price of the margaritas)Guacamole - 5 starsMargaritas - 3 stars ("house" blanco is a bit off, the Sweetie's that was made with Chinaco was better)Vegan quinoa stuffed poblano - 3 stars (white quinoa was flavorless, red/black quinoa would have helped as would a sauce/mole; black beans also needed more flavor)Service - 3.5 stars (our waitress was very friendly but didn't really have any idea about the margarita ingredients)+1 star for being a mexican restaurant with the word vegan on the menu (very rare!)-0.5 stars for vegan items being only "optionally" vegan, using fake meat in the vegan chili, and not having a vegan dessert+0.5 for stocking nearly every single mezcalAlthough there was lots of room for improvement, I can't think of a better vegan friendly mexican restaurant (anywhere), so I think they deserve a 5 star "as good as it gets".
4	Went for brunch this morning with a group.  They take reservations and sat us on time.  The wait staff in general looked tired and possibly hungover, but if I was 10 years younger and without children, I probably would be too on a Sunday morning.  At any rate, they got the job done.They offered a nice array of breakfast drinks. The Bloody Marys were adequately garnished.  I opted for the blueberry bacon pancakes.  Normally I am a bit of bacon purist and prefer my bacon on the side, but I was pleasantly surprised by the combination.Many of the other brunch entrees looked quite appetizing, and if I go back, I would likely order one of the more Mexican dishes.
5	Sunday Brunch: The Chicken Fried Chicken is ah-maze-ing! If you're hungry (possibly hung over) and looking for some comfort food, this is the menu item to try. The biscuit is perfectly done (i.e., not dry at all), the gravy is awesome, the chicken is moist with a perfectly light-and-crispy outside and the egg is an added bonus in the mix. It comes with hash browns which are also wonderful! I'll be back!
2	2 stars but only because I'm still reeling from my tequila sunset. I've been here twice now & have yet to have a satisfactory review. The first time, I ordered the pork nachos & found myself munching on bones. Disgusting. Rather than take them off our bill, they gave us drink coupons for a future visit. Umm. I wasn't impressed the first time, an now you want me to come back? By the way, the margaritas were weak.So I ended up coming back over a year later for a work brunch thing. The service was mediocre at best, granted we had a fairly large party - but with a reservation - so they could have been prepared. Hubbo ordered a breakfast margarita & it was horrible so he traded it in for a tap beer. I ordered smoked enchiladas. It was about 80% beans & 20% two of the smallest enchiladas I've ever had. Again, to make up for service, waitress brought by  EXPIRED drink coupons. Way to win me over El Dorado...
2	I love Mexican food.  El Dorado has decent food, but for the price there is much better.  Their guacamole is very plain and tastes more like mashed avocados with a scoop of Pico De Gallo on top, then guacamole.  I have had the fish tacos which were par for the course, and the braised pork adobo.   Portions of the pork were juicy and delicious, while other bites were dry.  It seemed as if reheated pork was mixed with fresh pork.The service is slow and disappointing.  The guacamole came out fast, but the chips took 5 minutes.  The server decided to add chicken to the South West Caesar salad for my vegetarian girl friend.  After we finished our salad and guacamole it took thirty minutes for our entrees to arrive and being charged for salsa at a Mexican restaurant is just odd.They do have a good selection of tequilas.
5	I go here a lot and it is consistently delicious. More interesting than plain old Mexican or tex-mex. Nice big chips and salsa to start, and yummy house margaritas (both marked down for all night happy hour Mondays), and then it's hard to go wrong with the entrees.
3	After visiting El Dorado twice (once for dinner, once for brunch), I have deemed it to be a solid 3 experience on average. First of all, I realize that charging for chips and salsa is common around these parts, but really? Maybe if they actually had decent salsa and not just flavorless red liquid. The guacamole is great and even the pico de gallo is flavorful, but they fail miserably in the salsa category. I like that they offer a variety of cocktails, not just margaritas. And Tito's vodka is a nice touch! For dinner, I tried the fish tacos, for which I have very high standards. They missed the mark in that the pieces of fish were HUGE and not very well seasoned. They also needed an accompanying sauce of some sort. Happy hour specials were not bad, half price appetizers and $5 house margaritas. For brunch, I tried the huevos rancheros, which were pretty good. My brunch mate ordered the chilaquiles and liked them. Props to El Dorado for offering some great Tex Mex brunch options. I just wish the mimosas weren't $5.50!!!! Unfortunately, Madison's Tex Mex offerings are lacking in quality, but after living in Austin for so long, my standards are quite high.
4	Always one of my two favorite places for brunch in Madison! I have never been a huge fan of their dinner menu, but to be fair, I have not given it much of a chance--I'd estimate I've been for brunch 30+ times but only three times for dinner.Killer Bloody Marias are the order of the day--Pepper infused Tequila mixed with the house-made bloody mix are amazing. As for the brunch menu--no misses. Breakfast burrito, Roasted Chicken Burrito (incomparable), and the Eldorao Eggs are all favorites. My wife loves the Yippy Hash if you're feeling veggie.Got a group? Split a giant blue corn pancake and make sure to get the chile syrup to top it off.Have another bloody maria (my wife prefers a Smoking Gun) and ease your way into an afternoon nap with a full belly and pleasant buzz...
4	Eldorado Grill first came on our radar when we tried their Texas torpedos at Taste of Madison. While there's not much new about a bacon wrapped jalapeno popper, their addition of shrimp and the just-right amount of cheese caught our attention. Our two visits to the restaurant since then have both been solid. My spice loving husband is a huge fan of the pork adobo, which although it is offered extra spicy, he finds the heat sufficient in the original preparation. The guacamole chalupas feed my love of all things avocado and cheese. As far as drinks, if you are a tequila fan, you can't go wrong with the 100% agave margarita. I like my margarita to actually taste of tequila and not just sweet and sour, and this margarita fits the bill. We liked it enough on our first visit to bring the in-laws back on their next visit to town- a high vote of approval!
1	I've been to Eldorado more than a dozen times and have always enjoyed the food, drinks, and overall dining experience. Not today. I met a couple friends for brunch at 10:30. There was quite a wait - 45 min we were told. We put our names in and headed to the bar. The bartender was friendly and attentive - the best part of our experience. We waited for nearly an hour before the hostess drifted over and asked if we'd be ok with being seated outside on the "heated" patio. Starving, we said yes. There was no acknowledgement of our long wait or even friendly chatter about how busy it was. Or any kind of estimate of how long it would be if we opted to wait for a table inside. She seemed annoyed with our presence, despite the fact that we'd had zero interaction with her at any point in the 60 minutes we waited.While the patio is heated from above, it's drafty and not a pleasant dining experience for November in Wisconsin. We kept our coats on and looked at the menu. The waitress came over and took our order at about 11:50. We distracted ourselves with conversation for awhile, but when our food wasn't out at 12:15, I was in total disbelief that we'd waited as long as we had for a simple brunch meal. It finally came around 12:30 and we started eating. About 10 minutes in, my friend wondered if we could get some hot sauce. I couldn't spot our waitress on the patio, but a waitress from a different table was there bussing dishes away. Trying to get her attention, I said "excuse me..." She turned to look at our table and I asked if we could have some hot sauce when she had a chance. Clearly disgusted and not interested in helping, she rudely said yes and gave me the biggest, most deliberate eye roll I've seen in a long time. At that point, we decided the horrible service we were receiving was almost comical. The hot sauce never came, of course, and we asked for it again when our waitress reappeared. She did come back with it, but by then we were nearly done with our meals. We left the restaurant at 12:50 - almost 2 1/2 hours after we'd arrived - absolutely ridiculous for three people ordering Sunday brunch. I won't be back.
2	I really like the food here, but consistently the service is atrocious. The servers are rude from the get go as if you are bothering them by just being there. Several examples: the restaurant only had two other couples seated, so when a friend popped in and we asked if we could get a 5th chair for the table, we were told a manager would have to approve it (this took several minutes as the manager was out smoking). My boyfriend and I both ordered bloody Mary's at brunch, but I was brought a tequila sunrise. As someone with lots of experience in the service industry, I immediately and very politely asked to have the drink I ordered. She took the sunrise away, did not return with a bloody, didn't apologize, and charged us for 2 bloodys and the sunrise. I sat at the bar once waiting for a table and the bartender told me he does not transfer checks to the waitresses because he doesn't get the tips then. The food is amazing, but don't expect the service to be prompt or polite.
5	Bloody Marys are fully loaded with your daily dose of veggies and only $6.50. What a great appetizer. Their brunch is great for the following reason: blueberry and bacon pancakes. You're welcome. 3/4" thick, fluffy and peppered with blueberries and bacon-y goodness and topped with a pat of butter, you cannot find a better pancake in this town. The pancakes were also so big I could only eat one. I had to get the other one boxed up. The bf had the migas which were tasty as well. The menu had a lot of solid choices, so it was hard to make a decision. The point is, you can't go wrong with anything you order on Eldorado's brunch menu. I think I'm going to try the Mango Pineapple French Toast next time.
5	Hadn't been to Eldorado in a while, mostly because I lumped it in with its FoodFight brethren in the category of "Generally meh."I was totally wrong. While there's still the FoodFight hallmark of style over substance, our entrees were interesting and excellent. Our server was outstanding with very friendly explanations, attentive refills of things and an overall nice pacing.Very nicely done, y'all!
3	No free chips and salsa? You cannot brand yourself as Tex-Mex without this. It's a rite of passage. Queso? That's not queso. Don't order it. It's melted cheese on chips. No frozen margaritas? What nonsense is that? At least it's tasty. Those three things make this restaurant a no-go for Tex-Mex authenticity.Those little mishaps aside, El Dorado has some charm. As far as Tex-Mex (food) in Madison goes, this place is pretty solid. I wouldn't say it's great, but I understand the appeal. The food is tasty, but as a native Texan, I crave chips and salsa, queso, and frozen margaritas. Step your game up, El Dorado.As for the food, I had the spinach mushroom enchiladas, and they were delicious. The ingredients are fresh and well-cooked, and the presentation is spot-on. The margaritas were also tasty, but too many things threw me off about the restaurant for it to be one of my favorites in Madison.Overall, I enjoyed the food, but it wasn't the experience I was hoping for. If they had branded themselves as a modern Mexican joint, I think I would have been pleasantly surprised, but by labeling themselves as Tex-Mex, they set themselves up for failure in my eyes (and mouth).I heard the brunch is great, but I'm not too motivated to try it out.
5	Eldorado has the best margaritas I've had in Madison. Tex Tubb's is a close second, but Eldorado is the best. Check out their happy hour, the drinks are cheaper! You can even get discounts on neat pours of their amazing tequila selection.I've been here quite a few times and never been disappointed. The drinks are great, the staff is wonderful, and the food is fantastic.The brunch deserves its own paragraph. It's my favorite brunch in town. Good drinks and wonderful tex-mex food. I'm reading a 3-star review on the sidebar as I write this and I can't believe it. Someone complaining about no free chips and salsa (they're really cheap), the queso (which we've ordered twice and the waitstaff always explained was not normal queso) and the lack of frozen margaritas... seriously? If you want cheap, by-the-numbers big-box type mexican, go to Pedro's. This restaurant is for people that enjoy good food and drinks.Sorry, back to the brunch. I've had half a dozen items off the brunch menu and loved every one. If you come here on Sunday morning, you might want to make a reservation because everyone knows what a great brunch they have and they all come on Sunday. It's a bit more expensive than your average Mexican or Tex-Mex place, but the quality of the food, drinks, and service is well worth it.
3	Excellent food.  Horrible front-end service.
4	I stopped by here partially because of the recent ROTD featuring Eldorado, and partially because I needed a margarita and tacos in my life anyway. I decided to check out the happy hour and it did not disappoint! I ended up having a (very stiff) margarita, the street tacos, and the bacon-wrapped and cheese/shrimp stuffed jalapenos (ridiculously good. seriously). Everything was delicious and came out to less than $15! Everyone in our group was super happy with their food and drinks and I think we will all be going back soon for more. Good stuff!
5	I've been here once before and loved it, and came here again last night for restaurant week. We made a reservation for 6 people, but had to wait about 20-30 minutes for a table once we got there. The staff were very understanding, however, and gave us a round of free drinks as an apology! I had the pork stew, salmon, and pecan pie. Everything was delicious! Some friends ordered the jalepeno torpedos as an appetizer, and I really can't say whether I liked those or the pork stew more. The salmon was cooked well, but it wasn't at all Mexican. The pecan pie was also delicious, but at that point I was so full from everything else that I could barely eat it. Some friends got the Mexican coke float, and it was oddly spicey. I didn't care for it, but some of them really liked it.The portions were big, everything we ordered was delicious, and the staff was very friendly. The cocktails were also really tasty, I definitely recommend getting one if you come! I can't wait to come back! I heard brunch is good too, so I want to try that next.
4	Bless me Food Fight, for I have sinned, it has been 15 years since my last visit to Eldorado Grill...Years ago, while living on the east side, the Eldorado Grill was one of my favorite haunts.  But after a couple of less than satisfactory experiences left a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended), I stayed away from this Food Fight stalwart for over a decade.  That changed this week.  After a scheduling snafu precluded our group from our first dining option, someone suggested Eldorado instead.  And after a very satisfying Restaurant Week experience, I am definitely a fan again.  The kitchen turned out some extremely satisfying food that has me itching to make a return visit.While I am more of a wine guy, the extensive cocktail menu at Eldorado really caught my eye.  After discussing several options with the server, I decided on the Smoking Gun, an intoxicating concoction of infused chili tequila, Scorpion mescal, fresh lime and a splash of bitters.  The smoky finish of the mescal paired up well with both my appetizer and main course.While the bland tomato salsa was nothing to write home about, the fresh guacamole ($5.95 for a MASSIVE serving) was a hit.  The ingredients were well balanced and it had the chunky texture I prefer.The kitchen hit it out of the park in the appetizer course.  The Green Chile Pork Stew was the essence of Tex-Mex cuisine in a cup.  The slow cooked pork was melt-in-your mouth tender and the cumin sour cream gave the dish a pungent, earthy finish.  The roasted green chilies added satisfying warmth.  I wish the tortilla strips were a little thicker to provide the dish with some textures.  The thin strips quickly lost their crunch when mixed into the stew.The exceedingly tender, thinly sliced brisket was another solid Tex-Mex offering.  Slathered in a slightly spicy sauce with a kiss of smoke, I found the dish to be extremely satisfying.  The serving size was on the large side, which is exceedingly rare during Restaurant Week.The sides were hit and miss.  The smoky chipotle dressing gave the potato salad a perfect hit of spicy heat.  The savory green chili pinto beans were perfectly prepared, but could have used some green chilies.  I was less of a fan of the under-dressed slaw - it would have benefited from some of that wonderful chipotle dressing.  I also thought the cold cornmeal pancake was an odd choice - give me a slab of cornbread next time.  Dessert was a bust for me - I ordered the Mexican Coke float (homemade mole ice cream and Mexican Coke topped with whipped cream).  What was missing from that description was the fact there were peanuts in the ice cream and I have a severe peanut allergy (which ultimately led to a date with my epi pen later that evening).  Our server never checked back with our table after serving the desserts, so I was not able to get a different dessert.  That was the bad news.  The good news is how the restaurant responded when I contacted them the following day.  I received a phone call from Taylor Anderson, the restaurant general manager and I shared my concerns about unexpectedly finding peanuts in my dessert.  Taylor immediately volunteered to comp my meal.  More importantly, he modified the Restaurant Week menu to indicate the inclusion of peanuts in the dessert, which won my respect.  Things don't always go right, I totally get that.  The response to said adversity by Eldorado Grill won my respect and made me a fan.  It definitely will not be another fifteen years before I make my next visit.
4	I'm so grateful that Ashley recommended us to visit Eldorado Grill for restaurant week! We managed to get seats within 20 minutes of calling. They set us down promptly and we quickly got settled with drinks and snacks to start! I love our starter - this gigantic bowl of guacamole and chips. The chips came out hot, so either they made their chips (hurray!) or they heated it up at least. The guacamole tasted delicious and we could stop getting more. Took 2 baskets of chips to finish the guacamole among 4 people (Thanks Ashley!).There was a myriad of drinks and if you're a fan of Tequila, you're in for a treat here! Onotse got Mojitos (2 actually, since it was that good), Ashley got a honey ginger alcoholic mix and Matt got a smokey tequila cocktail. Everyone enjoyed their drinks! So, restaurant week - for serving so many people of the same dish, I'm impressed. The Green Chile Pork stew was PERFECTLY done. soft pork that tears apart with the fork, the green chile was aptly spiced, not too hot but keeps you warm. LOVE IT. Onotse got a GIGANTIC salad for only $1.29. and it comes with lots of spinach, walnuts and some other things. Ashley got the jalapeno poppers, which looked just like bacon wrapped dates but instead of dates, there's jalapeno. She said she would get it again, but you should share it with some other person.Main dish, most of us got the smoked brisket. It was alright for me, not over the top, but the dish was a hearty meal. Lots of beans, lots of salad (no dressing), nice potato salad, lovely corn pancake (in place of corn bread). And the brisket was served on a piece of bread. Lots of meat to keep you full. But I was expecting more like braised beef, instead of spam-like texture? Definitely not something I would pick up again..Finally, for dessert, I got the pecan chile pie. I didn't like the crust since I'm a cookie/graham cracker crust fan.. Also, there was no obvious chile spice in the pie.. tasted more like pecan chocolate pie. It was alright. Matt got the mole root beer (mole ice cream), but sadly it had peanuts so the rest of us got to try it. It was REALLY spicy. Don't think anyone can finish that lump of spicy ice cream. spicy and cold at the same time, what an experience!!There's covered outdoor seating in the summer as well!
4	Liked this place a lot. Hands down an impressive place for brunch.Vegetarians rejoice. There are so many non-meat options on their brunch menu. And most of their meat options can be made vegetarian. They have the classic flap jacks and French toast but also Mexican inspired brunch options. Yum, yum, yum.I went with the Eldarado eggs but got my eggs over medium instead of poached. It was served with a side of really delicious potatoes and a salad (which I didn't care much for but I'm not the biggest fan of salads). My meal was pretty close to perfect. The eggs were done just right and were nicely complemented by the corn cake. My meal was washed down with a well made mango mimosa. They even have "brunch" margaritas on the menu. Cause brunch at a Mexican restaurant will not be complete without margaritas. The other parties at my table at the breakfast burrito and the migas. They also both had the bloody Mary and had raves about it. The general consensus at the end of the meal was that Eldorado Grill is a must visit AGAIN for brunch. There are so many other things that look amazing on the menu and I can't wait to try them!
3	You'll love this place if you enjoy delayed gratification and sporting layered winter looks.Pros:- pretty tasty food- extensive drink menu- honest serverCons:- freezing (but hey, it's winter)- hour long wait for food to arrive, even though the restaurant was empty
4	Update as of 2/6/14...Tip: sit at the bar if you can, the service will be more prompt and attentive, and it's a bit more warm (in the winter months)Tip #2: ask for the extra spicy Blazing Saddle margarita. It features an even spicier infused tequilaTip #3: visit during happy hour (4:30pm - 6:30pm); two margaritas and two beers were less than $15Looks like the menu has been slightly revamped; the bar menu features some street tacos that looked absolutely superb. Alas, I was off to Tempest for dinner, so there wasn't any food consumed during this most recent visit.
4	I love the atmosphere of this place and the service is always great. I have heard such great things about their brunch but I have not yet gone for brunch yet. I can speak for the dinner though. Their margaritas were really goood and cheaap (it was some sort of special). They have a huge menu. The enchiladas and meats were good.
5	Read in Madison Magazine that this was one of the best brunches in town. It definitely didn't disappoint!Our small group enjoyed every item we ordered - including the great bloodied and screwdrivers. The blueberry and bacon pancake was a hit as was the ElDorado Benedict with smoked salmon and potato pancakes. Fun place for a casual, social gathering and the menu is loaded with things that sound delicious. Definitely recommend this place for brunch and will be heading back soon to see what other deliciousness we can find!
4	Stopped in at El Dorado Grill for brunch this morning and we were not disappointed! We did not have a reservation so we waited about 20 minutes at the bar. I got a mango flavored mimosa that was pretty big and only $5.75. The brunch menu is big and includes a few lunch options as well. The gluten free options are labeled - there were about three of them but they could probably modify some of the other options if you asked. I had the "Migas" which was scrambled eggs with peppers, tortilla strips, lots of cheese, onions, and corn. The "Migas" came with 2 slices of bacon, breakfast potatoes, and refried beans. My boyfriend had the "Gringo burrito" and said it was great as well. The service was a little slow but everyone was very friendly. There is a pretty big parking lot for customers but it fills up quickly, you can also park on the street. I will definitely be back!
4	Brunch = A+Dinner = ADrinks = A+Service = CBrunch: reasonably priced (all dishes under $10), lots of vegetarian options, fun atmosphere, great food. I brunch with a group of friends at eldorado about twice a month. I always get the killer bloody murder and the chicken fried chicken biscuit. GET THE CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN BISCUIT with an extra side of gravy. You will not regret it. It is completely worth the extra two hours you'll need to spend on the treadmill. Dinner: certainly pricier than your average tex-mex spot, but just make smart decisions when you're ordering (i.e. if you think $12 is too much for a quesadilla, then don't order the quesadilla). Recently had the chicken fried chicken dinner plate, since I already knew I loved it. Dining partner had the brisket, which was also amazing.  We started with the green chili pork nachos and both absolutely loved them.  Drinks: margaritas are made from scratch (the bartender himself juices all the limes), and they are only available on the rocks or straight up. The brunch margaritas are a little fruitier than the regular margaritas but are very good.  I personally always go with the bloody.Service: total hit or miss. Half of the time the service is borderline nonexistent. It's annoying, but we usually feel that the food and drinks are worth the wait. Plus, if you kindly inform them that you are waiting on service/haven't yet seen your server, they are usually pretty nice about it and try to make up for it. If you have a small enough group of people, sitting at the bar is the best bet for fast and attentive service. Always make reservations, even for brunch.
5	Oh man, oh man! Eldorado is absolutely amazing!! Easily one of the best brunches I've had in Madison.First, let me preface my review by saying that I normally avoid Bloody Marys like the plague. Despite my propensity for alcoholic drinks, it's probably my last possible choice. In fact, I'd probably choose water (ewww) over it.Anyways, given the massive hype its Bloody Marys have gotten, and by hype, I mean my friends constantly talking about how it's the best thing ever (eye roll)... I decided to give them a chance.My Bloody Mary arrived with a sampler of beer (starting things off right already), and was pretty delicious. Of course, it's not the best thing ever like my friends claim, but it was pretty damn good. The fact that I highly enjoyed it should say a lot already. It was perfectly spiced, and had enough alcohol to counterbalance the normally overwhelming mix. For food, I got their Texas Two Step, which definitely lived up to its name. There's nothing more Texan than two ginormous buttermilk biscuits topped with a fried egg, cheese, bacon, sausage and gravy. I have never had something so delicious, yet so, so terrible for me.I definitely plan on coming here more often, so who knows, I might even start ordering Bloody Marys elsewhere (yeah right).
5	Love this place! Get corn quesadillas!
5	I love this place, great brunch, great dinner (you have to try the chicken enchiladas... The crispy ones with the sauce on the side, Delish!) and also the perfect place for a tequila fan... I thought I'd never drink tequila again after Cancun, but I just can't stay away from it at Eldorado. Doesn't help that I live and park directly behind this restaurant... The smell from outside is enough to make me crave those enchiladas paired up with a good margarita on the rocks!
5	Arrived early to Eldorado Grill on a cold, rainy Monday evening to take advantage of happy hour. We were greeted warmly by the hostess and the wait staff, and found the place mostly empty and quiet around 5 p.m. We took seats at the bar. My Eldorado classic margarita was just the way I like it -- not too sweet, lots of salt on the rim, clean bright lime flavor and made with Patron tequila. My companion enjoyed the several Shiner beer varieties, served very cold. The food was superb. I was allowed to make several substitutions to my entree, which was no problem at all. The bartender serving us was attentive, accurate and timely with our orders, relaxed and personable. The guacamole is very good, and my blackened shrimp was delicious.
5	Delicious and great service! I hadn't drank anything all day and was draining my water every few minutes. My server was on top of it, filling my glass constantly.And the food. Oh wow was it good. There were 4 of us and we were all happy as clams. I got the smoked chicken enchiladas and they were amazing. They have corn tortillas, and are grilled and crispy. The sauce comes underneath. Others god the lobster, shrimp enchiladas. Also grilled. Also awesome. I also got a bite of the blackened catfish. It had a nice burn to it and was cooked to perfection -- flaky and melts in your mouth.I will definitely be back to try the pulled pork.
4	Good food at a reasonable price!  Bloody Marys are delicious!  Watch out!  They're spicy! Our server had a bit of an attitude but that probably won't keep us from coming back.
1	Horrible service. We arrived and were told there was a 30 minute wait, or we could sit and eat at the bar. We were happy to sit at the bar, which was not crowded. The bartender did acknowledge us, but never asked us if we wanted a drink or a food menu. He waited on a few people, never again looking our way. About 10 minutes go by and he walked over to a few girls at the bar and started flirting with them. We got up and left. Bartender never noticed. Would not go back.
5	HIT THE TRAIL FLAP JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKS!(They're where it's at you guys!)Eldorado and I didn't get off to a great start, but I'm here to tell ya, because of the noticeable improvement over the past 3 months, I've come to really enjoy the place! It takes some incredible leadership to cut through choppy waters and redirect what I decided a year ago was a sinking ship, and before I dig in and talk your ear off (your eyes off?) about the best pancakes you'll ever consume, I have to single out Eldorado's GM, Taylor, for being so interested in the success of the restaurant and implementing a wealth of feedback from the community. E-hug, buddy! And now, those cakes. I have consumed more Hit The Trail Flap Jacks in the month of May than I care to admit. I've also had more conversations about these rounders with various people than I care to admit. (Seriously, I have talked A LOT about these pancakes.) I really don't understand how something as simple as batter could taste so good. Maybe it's the addition of pumpkin seeds, pecans, almonds and raisins? Or maybe it's the cherries, apricots or red chile butter that's dolloped on top? Maybe it's the texture, which honestly you guys, is mind boggling good. They're fluffy, but hearty with a crisped outer edge and cake like insides. And they're HUGE. A serving of two is substantial. But you can also get one as a side if you're looking to add a little meat to your morning and want some strips of bacon or sausage, like I did last time. When I learned that you can order just one cake, my world changed. Changed!  People always tell me Eldorado has one of the best brunches in town, and because of a few rocky encounters right after I moved here I sort of dismiss everyone and decide they don't know what they're talking about. But I've had brunch, several times this month, and I can safely say this will be your new favorite spot. The menu is extensive and spans traditional American and more tex-Mex inspired plates on par with their dinner menu. The added convenience of being able to make a reservation on Sunday morning ROCKS. And though it's small, the outdoor space is lovely when a breeze blows past. Make a reservation for Sunday. Get some Hit The Trail Flap Jacks. Explain to me why they're so damn good.
4	The food is DELICIOUS. It has an elevated Tex-Mex feel.  Everything is beautifully plated which (in my experience) is somewhat rare for Tex-Mex cuisine. The menu has an extensive variety of options.  Everything I've tried has been great.  Onto the DRINKS!  They have an incredible, unique selection of drinks to choose from. These are some of the best drinks I've had anywhere in Madison.  The bartenders are talented drink mixers. My ONE COMPLAINT about El Dorado...the bar is very busy during dinner on a weekend.  Every seat is taken and the standing room around the bar can be very crowded.  No problem...I can handle a crowd.  The problem is that there are only 2 bartenders behind the bar serving the people at the bar AND people seated at tables for dinner.  It takes FOREVER to get a drink...which is sad because they are so delicious. I came for dinner with a large group, and almost everyone gave up after the first drink because they were tired of waiting and trying to get service at the bar.
4	Love: The decor, the vegan/vegetarian/gluten free options along with classic BBQ, the overall theme of the place, nice staff, fabulous house margarita.Meh: The food was good, but not "we spent thirty bucks on our meal" good, the rice was scooped onto the plate like mashed potatoes, table was a tidbit rickety making for a few light spills.Hate: Nothing I could really hate with this place to be honest. Everything was between 'meh' and 'love,' definitely earning a solid four stars.Advice: Check in with Yelp and get a free bowl of chips and salsa, try the house margarita if you drink alcohol, and keep in mind that the portion sizes are, for me anyway, the perfect amount of filling. Not painful, just, satisfied and full.Note for gluten free folks: Note on the menu mentions something about things coming into contact with gluten being a possibility in the back. Good to know before you go if it's a big dietary restriction. Vegetarian/vegan options are expansive.
2	Well if you like corn tortillas you're fine.  The menu is expensive for what you get, and bland.  Zero flavor in the chicken fajitas.  On a positive note, the service was great... To bad the food wasn't.
5	I was reading my old review from a few years ago (can't believe its been 7 years) and I thought I would update. My wife and I both love the Eldorado Grill - have been here a number of times over the years and have always enjoyed ourselves. Good food, good service - lots of fun.Recently we tried their breakfast with some friends. Very yummy. Traditional items as well as some with some spice and some original ones too. I've also returned many times for their Brisket which is always good.The place is a bit small - but we've managed to not really had to wait very much. We tend to avoid high traffic hours/days though so keep it in mind and make reservations if you can.
4	We LOVE their brunch! They offer a great brunch menu Saturdays and Sundays. Nice relaxed atmosphere, great drinks, great staff and unbelievable food at great prices. My kids love the french toast. It's got a crunch coating and add mango! It's so good. I love the huevos rancheros! My hubby loves the bloody mary they offer, but for me it's tequila sunrise all the way. I would give it 5 stars, but we have had a couple of disappointments at dinner. If we go in the evening, we stick to an appetizer and drinks at the bar.
3	Descriptive phrase: trendy Tex-Mex restaurant.El Dorado Grill was a busy place for Sunday brunch, but we found a spot on their outside, porch-thing-room. It's a nice space, and service was attentive. Checking in on Yelp got us a free chips and salsa (I personally am wary of Mexican places that don't offer these for free to begin with). I ordered the Breakfast Burrito ($9.19), which was full of scrambled eggs, chorizo, pico de gallo, black beans, and jack cheese. To be honest, there was an overpowering amount of beans and a lack of chorizo. The side of house potatoes were greasy-good, but the refried pinto beans were inedible. I couldn't place their taste, but it was not appealing. I will say the half of a burrito I had leftover for lunch the next day reheated quite well. Would I return? Probably not. It was okay.
3	The service was really great, don't be afraid to ask the waiters for recommendations. Also with the free chips and salsa they are very generous with the amount of chips it'll be plenty for four people! Baja fish tacos: a very recommended dish at this place and very tasty! I'd recommend getting the mahi mahi blackened instead of fried because it really enhances the flavors. The beans and rice are fairly average but always a good side.Pasilla chicken enchilada: can get it with verde or mole sauce. The verde was very flavorful and the chicken was great. Again, it was just fairly average but still good. One plus is that they offer vegan options, vegetarian options, and gluten free options so they are very versatile.
5	Awesome atmosphere! Very accomodating to large groups! Food was also delicious but it was the bloody mary's that was the bomb! Not only did it tasted f-ing delicious, I had to have the recipe!
4	El Dorado brunch is AMAZING. Please eat their mango-pineapple french toast. It is amazing. Margaritas at night are pretty awesome too!
4	Went here for the first time Friday after driving past it over the years. It's actually quite tasty. Had the quinoa stuffed poblano and a regular margarita on the rocks. I'm glad there were a few vegan items to choose from, again this is one of those places where you can't take out ingredients because certain things are pre-prepared. Which can leave you with more limited choices on the menu. The guac was so delicious. Everyone in our party loved what they ordered to eat. I thought the poblano was so smokey, it made the table smell like camp fire. I also asked for hot sauce, because I like my food hotter than the sun, it was kind of the the person caring for our table to say they made their own and to be careful because it was really really hot...I honestly thought it could have been hotter.I would definitely rec this place and go here again.
3	Brunch is El Dorado's savior.  As a food fight restaurant goes, I still think they have the worst service of any.  I would give their service a six, and their food and 8.
5	Awesome place!Love the atmosphere, the staff, and overall the environment.Got a bottle of wine, and some crazy good Mexican cuisine!  A go to when you're in the mood for Mexican food, and a good time! Two thumbs up!
3	I've never had a real breakfast in Madison so a real breakfast was a must. Service We were greeted and seated immediately. Overall service was great our server was very attentive. We were checked on frequently. Food My order consisted of french toast, and a chicken quesadilla and oh yeah, free chips and salsa when you check in with yelp! The french toast was on point, not too soggy and not too hard. The chicken quesadilla on the other hand didn't live up to my expectations. It was overloaded with sour cream, there was little to no tomatoes, but the chicken was juicy and tender. Pricing Pricing wasn't too bad although I do think 6 slices of average French Toast for $7 dollars was a bit on the pricy end. Decor  Full bar, reminded me of a loft, plenty of seating area. Overall atmosphere was great.ParkingFree street parking, very easy to find.  Overall Food was averageService was great Overall environment and atmosphere was awesome
3	I wanted to give Eldorado Grill a great review but our experience was not great.  My parents were in town and the asked if we could go to a nice breakfast.  Had not been to Eldorado Grill but read some good reviews on the web and their Southwest breakfast menu was appealing.  Arrived Sunday at noon and there was a 45 minutes wait, fine, expected.  After being seated in the outside area a waiter arrived and attempted to take our drink order.  He was not sure if they could make the drink we wanted, asked the bartender, came back with confusing info, had to clarify again, our drinks arrived almost 20 minutes later, girl who delivered drink said they were a different drink then we ordered, brought them back to the bar, the waiter showed up 5 minutes later with the same drink and said they were the ones we ordered.  It took him 20 minutes to return to take our food order.  Our food took almost another hour!!! When it arrived my dads pancakes were to tough he could not cut them with a fork.  My moms poached huevos rancheros were cooked well and not very tasty. My pork burrito was good. The hostess did come over sometime after we were done and said they were taking the pancakes and 2 drinks of our bill.   Our waiter continued to offer slow services even as the restaurant was now empty, I had to run our charge card to the bar due to the waiter no returning to retrieve it after 15 minutes. We did not see him again. Very disappointing.
5	Excellent!  You have to pay for the chips and salsa, but it is only $2 and the salsa is so good.  I ordered the corn quesadilla with pork. It was phenomenal. It came with beans and rice which were also very good.  My partner ordered grilled smoked chicken enchiladas. He also thought they were very good.  The margaritas are superb here. I tried a new margarita they had which was a lemon ginger.  It was so refreshing, just fabulous.  Service was great.  We were in and out in about an hour.  Many menu options with southwest flair.  They have BBQ and comfort food as well.  Also vegetarian options.
2	Vastly overpriced for watered down, unauthentic Americanized "Mexican" food. Based on the reviews, I was very excited to dine at Eldorado Grill. Man... what a huge let down. Cons:Chips and Salsa - salsa was nothing but pureed tomatoes with paprika and chips didn't taste fresh. Too pricey - my assumption is because it's located on Willy St. where nearly every restaurant located in the area is a bit more costlySelection - small menu. how can you be a Mexican joint and NOT offer tacos???! They only taco dish they had were fish tacos. This makes no sense to me at all. Portion sizes - small for what you're payingMy order - ordered the chicken and mushroom burito. I tasted not one mushroom and it was loaded with too much spice. Rice and black beans that came with it wasn't good. The grain of rice they used didn't go well with the meal and the beans were overcookedProsService - was fantastic. Our server didn't miss a beat handling our demanding party of 15. Thank you! Also, hostess was very friendly and kept us up to the minutes with updates on our table being ready.That being said, I would not be returning. Food just wasn't good.
1	After waiting 30 minutes past the reservation time for our group, and then being treated with outright hostility by the manager, we won't be returning to El Dorado  despite liking lots of other restaurants owned by this large group in Madison.  We went to El Dorado Grill on Sept. 12 with reservations for a party of eight & arrived on time.  After waiting 15 minutes past the reservation time, we checked in with the hostess.  We did the same at 25 minutes since they were now serving groups of four that didn't have reservations, and suggested that they consider pulling to tables of four together.  At 30 minutes, we asked to see the manager.  This guy (about 6'3" and going about240) ground my hand hard as he introduced himself.  I said that we had been waiting now for 30 minutes past our reservation time.  He said he wouldn't kick outother patrons (group at a table of 8 that were lingering talking after paying the bill).  When I suggested he could pull two tables of four together, the manager said,  "I'vebeen in this business for 20 years.   Are you telling me what to do?"  I told him that we were just trying to have a nice evening with our guests and wished that he'd workwith us.  He said,  "if you want to ruin your evening that's your problem!" and glared atme.  (By the way, I am a grey haired guy in his 60's and was accompanied by my wife was pretty shocked by this guy's behavior.)    Five minutes later they pulled two tables of four together and seated us.  The manager never even apologized for the delay.   This place used to be good when Tex Tubbs ran it.  It is running on its past reputation.
5	Id like to start by saying that I have been eating at El Dorado Grille for years and years and I have never had a bad meal or a bad drink here!I am especially fond of the chipoltle blue cheese butter steak and the chicken fried chicken. The mixed drinks and margaritas are wonderful too.  I very much enjoy their collard greens, mashed potatoes and corn bread as well. There is usually a wait so be sure to make a reservation if you plan on going during a busy time.The atmosphere is lively (though a bit loud id you're sensitive to that kind of thing) so dont think you're going to have a quite meal here.  The bar is stocked with a fantastic array of tequilas and the wait staff has always been courteous. I have and will continue to recommend El Dorado Grille to anyone looking for upgraded tex-mex fare.
3	We went here as a large group and had reservations. The wait was exceptionally long and at least half an hour longer than what we were told when we had arrived. Food was okay but everyone got served at different times and due to what could only have been lack of communication between staff, certain people at the bar were not cut off when they clearly should have been. I would not bring my family here if I knew the extent to which the patrons are permitted to inebriate themselves. Perhaps earlier in the day it is nicer. The salad I got was great but the portion was quite large and I felt bad wasting much of the chevre that came with it but there was just so much and it was not the type of dish to pack up well. Others in my party were not fans of the corn flapjacks with their meals although the rest of their food was good. The decor was nice. We parked down by the water and enjoyed the walk to the restaurant. Many beautiful homes and cute shops. The walk back from the restaurant was not as nice (re: drunk people) but thankfully the streets were well lit enough to avoid issues.
4	I've been to Eldorado several times in my occasional travels to Madison. I've always enjoyed the food, drink, and service.  I have to say tonight's meal was the best I've ever had there--green chili meatloaf with garlic mashed potatoes and collard greens.  I don't like barbecue sauce, so I asked to have that on the side, and pretty much ignored it, but the meatloaf lacked for nothing in taste or moisture.  The mashed potatoes were garlicky and delicious, and the collard greens were not the wilted green mess I'm accustomed to (from my dear Southern mama), but lightly cooked, with a smoky flavor to them.  Every meal I've had at Eldorado has been delicious, but this one takes the cake.  (No, I had no room for cake or any other dessert, and in fact took away half of my meal as leftovers--which I very much look forward to consuming!)
4	Nice ambience and good food/drinks. Service is fast. I have been there twice and both times the experience was good. Tried their vegan chile this time, which was amazing. Will visit again for sure.
4	The brunch here is extensive and delicious. Although their standard brunch menu has plenty to make your decision difficult, I decided to go with their special - a chorizo, cheese, and onion omelet with salsa verde on top and crispy potato quarters on the side. This might have been one of the best omelets I've ever had, and I've had quite a few. A great unique change of pace compared to all the standard omelets out there.They also make some mean bloody marys. I had the Bloody Maria, which comes with tequila instead of vodka. Although I wouldn't get it every time, it was very interesting and ultimately delicious with my meal. It also comes with a beer chaser shot.Cool building, nice hardwood interior, and friendly service. I see a return trip in my future the next time I'm in Madison.
5	This is a Happy Hour specific review.   At Eldorado with a group of about 10, including Madtown Review Crew members, we worked through the appetizer menu and quite a number of margaritas.Here's a rundown of the appetizers in order of general acclaim:A to A+   Texas Torpedos:  Great combination of flavorsA             Maria's Handmade tamales:  moist, tender, good balance of masa vs. fillingsA to B+   Veggie & Goat Cheese Empanadas:  Delightful texture; interesting flavorA to B     Southwestern Fish Cakes:  "Spicy";  "too fishy"; a far cry from crabcakes!2B's 1A   BBQ Pulled Pork Sliders "too much smoke" "very sweet BBQ flavor"And the margaritas?B+           world famous Eldorado Margarita (consistent score among raters)A+ to B-  Blazing Saddle -  from odd/spicy to rich/mellow blend of flavorsC              mango margarita "was better before"Overall?    AGREAT  happy hour - - those appetizers are distinctive and interesting - - real variety in the product and presentation - - and at happy hour prices you cannot go wrong.   The margies are good value at $5,  well made, and very satisfying.   This is a top-of-the line happy hour spot.
5	Breakfast Burrito is excellent. Only been here for brunch but the environment, menu, and breakfast cocktail selection is great. Friendly staff as well.
4	Just a quick update...Came here right after work and was extremely hungry. Got a table right away, it was pretty busy  though. Ended up checking in on Yelp and got a free order of chips and salsa, and ended up getting a 2nd refill on both, which was nice since our wait for our food was a good forty five minutes. I ended up getting the Southwestern Fishcakes off the appetizer section on the menu, which was hard for me to choose it was a toss up between three different items. I was happy with what I got though! Our waitress was fantastic as well! :)
4	I'm an admitted cheapskate and have only been for the happy hour, but man, is it a great happy hour. The margaritas are much better than any other place nearby (read: on State St. or at Francisco's Cantina, though I love them in every other way). The food deals are tremendous. You can enjoy a very large plate of steak tacos for dinner if you don't mind eating on a geriatric dining schedule (e.g. before 6:30 pm). A vegetarian friend said the popovers were the best vegetarian dish she'd had at a Mexican or Tex Mex place in town. It's not going to provoke any profound food revelations, but it's a fun spot that won't break the bank.
4	Per usual, tasty
3	The El Dorado is a Food Fight, Inc restaurant. It is one of the better Food Fight Restaurants. I'd call the fare - TexMex comfort food for the Midwest. Perhaps Lake Wobegon Tex Mex. The specialty drinks are the wowza of the menu. The hand crafted libations will find a way to wet your whistle.  I had a ginger honey margarita on the rocks. Pretty darned tasty, as was the Bullet Smash. I also had the Big Tex... A sampling of their BBQ. It was as good as any other BBQ in town. The beef briquette and pulled pork were fine. The pork ribs were OK. I thought the star of anything I sampled was the empanadas - these were fantastic. Little pasties filled with briquette and I think mushrooms - three to an order - but very rich and savory. Companions ordered the Chef'sTacos - a night special, chipotle tenderloin, and the fillet of catfish. The tacos were the standout of these bunch. One pulled pork and one veggie. We split the two dessert differing a 4-ways. One order of flan and one order of pecan pie. Both were tasty with the edge going to the pecan pie.
