5	Absolutely love Audi North Scottsdale!!The sales staff are extremely knowledgeable & friendly, especially Brian M.  Showroom is clean & well designed; not to mention stocked with sweet rides.  Don't miss the 2 gleaming, red-hot R8s!The service department is also a great team.  Jason & Jill are the best!Bottled water would be nice thought, you can get that at Right Honda.Overall, a great, haggle-free experience.
5	Wow. This dealership rocks! I've purchased 6 cars in the last 10 years; the last two have been from Audi North Scottsdale. These people seriously know how to take care of their customers and I guess thats why I keep returning to buy new cars. Today I  happily purchased my second Audi and highly recommend that if you stop by that you ask for Brian McCauley. He is extremely friendly, knowledgeable and you will not be disappointed with your experience!
5	With the myriad of deals going on in the nation regarding cars, my wife and I made our way through many until we hit Audi North Scottsdale.  After doing all the research we could on vehicles we were interested in we stopped in to look at the A4.  Dave Silver our sales guy introduced himself and asked what we were looking at...I gave him the shopping list of options and he produced a car 97% of my options.  Knowing how much i wanted to spend, I told Dave our # and he said "no problem, lets see how the #'s work"   long car buying story short, we left with a beautiful Audi A4 for a great price and none of the high pressure sales from many of the dealerships in the valley.  I appreciate Audi's straight up buyer friendly approach to selling cars and appreciate David's calm demeanor and reserved attitude.  I know in a  year or so I will ready to buy another and wouldn't hesitate to go back to Audi NS.  Awesome Thanks Dave!!
1	arrogant, unprofessional, disinterested sales people.  We were treated poorly on 3 consecutive visits - basically treated as if we should be extremely humbled and grateful that they'd deign to sell us an Audi.  We didn't buy one - went across the street to Mercedes.  Far better service and professionalism.
3	I leased my Audi in California, but brought it to North Scottsdale for service once I moved here earlier this year.  The staff was nice and polite, but the account manager didn't really listen to me.  I complained about some shaking I experienced every time I put my year-old A4 in reverse or was moving at slow speeds.  When I picked the car up, the account manager wasn't available, so the person at the front desk told me the car was ready to go.  As soon as I drove off, it was clear that the car had the same problem and was not fixed so I returned to the dealership and dropped the car off.  After a number of times following up the next day, I was told they ran tests, the car was fine, and they did not experience any shaking.  When I went to pick the car up, I asked the account manager to drive with me so I can show him what I was talking about.  He then told me that I wasn't using the correct technical language, and that it was a power steering issue.  They kept my car over the weekend to order a replacement hose, which was done promptly.    I have to take my car in for alignment this weekend, so I'm trying Audi Chandler instead.
2	I dropped my car of for an oil change, had an appointment made two days before. I called four hours later just for them to say they hadn't even started it yet and it would be another 2 hours. Over 2 hours later I finally got a call saying the car was ready. Needless to say I will not be going back to this dealership any time soon.
5	I have had my car serviced here for the past 3 years, absolutely outstanding service. I highly recommend Audi North Scottsdale over Audi Chandler due to previous bad experiences at Audi Chandler and very consistent satisfactory experiences here. For sales, talk to Brian McCauley - he's also the president of the Audi Club of North America Arizona Chapter and a fellow Audi enthusiasts who knows more about Audi then possibly anyone else in the state. He's also very low pressure, friendly, and awesome to work with.For service, I work with Al Rizzo who has also been great to work with. My car has a few modifications done to it and they don't give me a hard time about it with my CPO warranty. I'd highly recommend Audi N Scottsdale to anyone needing either service or a new Audi, they're the best!!
5	Recently bought an Audi from David Silver - just want to say he was great to work with - before, during, and after the sale. If you're looking for a great car and a great sales rep, check in with David.
1	Arrogant people. This place just rip people off. I have a Q5 and had to go to Tucson to buy it. I was actually going to go to CA where they had the A4 for $249 lease/mo compared to 379 in Scottsdale (very basic car), Q5 at $499 lease/mo premium plus compared to 549 premium for a lease in AZ, but fortunately Audi Tucson was able to match the price offered in CA. Otherwise Audi North Scottsdale won't  negociate I guess because like they say they are able to sell cars over the sticker price and rip pple off easily. Horrible that they say that representing Audi. My next car will be the R8 and I won't buy it at Penske Dealers. Audi Peoria was by far the worst one offering a monthly pmt of $769 for a lease on a Q5 MSRP $38,725. I would recommend pple NOT TO BUY AN AUDI IN AZ, Chandler, Scottsdale or Peoria. Paul, sales person with Audi North Scottsdale, actually told me to go and get my car in Tucson, Arrogant mf
5	I have owned my Audi A5 for about a year and a half now. WhenI walked into the dealership a year and a half ago, I was trading in my modified Nissan Altima Coupe. I had put a lot of money into the car in modifications both performance and cosmetic wise and was really in no rush to trade it in. However, the S5 had caught my eye and I wanted to take a look.When I drove into the parking lot and parked the Altima, I had salesmen coming to me telling me what a beautiful car it was and asking if I was wanting to sell it. I just laughed and told them, I was browsing the S5. They told me to come find them if I needed assistance. No vultures hovering over me? What, how, when...This is my kind of dealership.... !I perused the parking lot, found a red S5, didn't like the color. As Iwas walking into the building to ask about possible different colors in stock, I noticed a black A5 3.2l V6 Quattro. I opened the drivers side door, sat in the car and fell in love. This was the one. I went inside and asked for a saleman to assist me. Jaime was right there with the keys asking for a copy of my license so I could test drive it. Okay, so he was paying attention, just not hovering over me while I looked at the car. NICE!!! so far, very happy experience. Needless to say the rest is history and I bought the car. The dealership was ecstatic to get the Altima and I saw they sold it a week later! lol, told you it was awesome. However, I am very satisfied with "Helga" as I have named my A5. I have taken her back for her routine maintenance and everytimeI get her back, I get her back shiny, clean, and like new again. I deal with Jason in the Service department and he always has everything ready for me, Loaner car or car service. the staff are amazing people, the salesman down to earth, the whole dealership makes you feel like a rockstar. If you are looking for an Audi, go to Audi NorthScottdale and tell them you want Jamie for a sales person. If you need service, call Jason. 5 STAR SERVICE for a 5 STAR Automobile Brand! Can't beat it!
5	THE GOLD STANDARD!!! They did such an amazing job with my car. i needed to have the poor thing jump started.. coming from ALASKA to the heat of Phoenix, my poor battery just couldnt take it.. they were the ones who informed me my car had the service package where as the place I BOUGHT IT FROM  failed to!  they repaired a small under body issue for free, got my battery installed and did the oil change and tune up in RECORD TIME! customer service WAS THE BEST I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED!
5	This dealership is absolutely amazing.  I worked with Dennis Goad through the internet department.  I purchased a 2012 Audi A4.  When I showed up at the lot he had the car that I was interested in right out front and ready for me to test drive.  They quickly evaluated my trade and came back with a reasonable estimate.  I told him where I wanted to be on the price and trade and he met me there.  He spent time with me helping me choose the right financing strategy so that I would pay the least amount of interest over time.  He thoroughly explained every feature on the car by showing me and also hooked up my phone to the Bluetooth.  When it came to do the finance stuff, I was dreading this task.  This the point in the car buying process where they usually do the hard-sell.  This was not the case at all at this dealership.  The financing rep was very nice and showed me the options I had with zero pressure to buy anything.  Its funny because I ended up buying multiple extras just because of the manor in which she presented everything.  I even received a follow-up call from Dennis and finance the next day to make sure I was happy with my purchase and to see if I had any questions.  Overall, I was extremely pleased with this dealer.  Anyone looking to purchase an Audi should definitely contact Dennis Goad at this dealership.  Lastly, thank you to the dealer for making this my best car buying experience this year (This is the 3rd new car I've bought this year).
4	I bought my car here.  Love the car! It was a very easy experience...did most of the negotiating over the phone. Day of purchase, I was out of there in 20 minutes. I'd be a repeat customer.
5	I purchased a pre-owned Toyota FJC from Audi North online from Billy Jacobs and Jamie Ossa. Naturally one would be nervous about buying a car sight unseen. I was assured that I would not be disappointed and if I was, I would be refunded. The wife and I flew from St Louis, Mo to drive it back through the mountains. We we're picked up at the airport by Audi North limo service.  Upon arrival at Audi North we were greeted and treated royally. The vehicle was ready and waiting at the front door. Upon inspection and a test drive I was totally impressed as the vehicle was everything advertised and more! All the paperwork was ready for signature and drive away. Jamie did the closing and could not have been more professional.  (The closing was easier than ordering a latte from Starbucks!) I am completely satisfied with my deal from Audi North Scottsdale. They had the vehicle I was searching for and the price was right. What else can I say, this experience was 5 star!Thank you Billy and Jamie. Larry S
5	We just bought our first Audi.  It was a refreshing experience.  The process was professional from beginning to end.  Most impressive was what happened after we had struck a deal to buy the car.  One of our salespeople sat with us for almost an hour going over every knob, button, option, etc.to make sure we knew how to operate everything from the start.If you haven't checked out an Audi, you ought to take a look.  If the car suits you, this dealership would be a fine choice.  Tip:  the Costco program gets you an Auto at dealer invoice, much better than average pricing.
5	After a shaky start with purchasing a car, and going to another dealership, Audi North Scottsdale has redeemed themselves in the service department.  My 2 month old car was getting an error message, so I called over there since they are close to my house.  I was transferred to Jason, who set up an appointment for me on Monday.  He was wonderful to deal with, from the process of being set up with a loaner to the detailed diagnosis of the problem.  I can say that my car buying experience has been flip flopped, it was a breeze to get my car from Peoria, but very difficult to talk to a manager over there.  I am not finished with them yet.
5	The five stars are for Debby - sales. And just Debby. Hard to find a car salesperson you WANT to work with. We will definitely go back to her in the future if she is still there. Just not going there for service - better have some background in automobiles if you dare. Perhaps we just got a hungry advisor. Reading other reviews, we have worked with Jason before (who is not our advisor) - but if you go in for service, ask for him.**UPDATE. Jason Brown is now our advisor and he rocks!! A genuinely polite, intelligent, and professional person.
5	We recently bought a used vehicle from Audi North Scottsdale (this was our second purchase from this dealership) and we couldn't be happier.  Colton Grubb was a fantastic to work with throughout the sales process.  He was friendly and professional, even while our toddler had a tantrum on the sales floor.  He helped move our stuff to the new car - and even took the time to help set up my phone with the car's hands-free bluetooth system.  The financing department was quick and efficient.  We would highly recommend this dealership and their staff.
5	Audi North Scottsdale is the place to go for Audi service!  I don't live in the Phoenix area, but I have relatives who live in town and unfortunately my vehicle has required service on two separate occasions while I was visiting my relatives.  My most recent interaction with the Audi North Scottsdale service department transpired while I was in town over the holiday season.  I called to inquire about a service appointment and the service department went out of their way to schedule me in the same day.  I received a call the next day from Service Advisor Dan Darling who advised me the technicians had addressed my concerns, evaluated my vehicle, and determined my tires needed to be replaced.  Dan Darling concluded by telling me my vehicle was ready for pickup and there would be no charge for the service appointment.  In conclusion, Audi North Scottsdale and its employees are top notch and they run the most professional automotive dealership and service department I have ever had the pleasure of doing business with!
5	Five stars means "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" and that's really true. Audi North Scottsdale is stellar, professional, friendly, and courteous all the way, from the sales people to the accounting people to the people who help existing customers. We just bought our first Audi, a 2013 A5, and absolutely love it. On the day we took delivery, while the salesman was showing my husband all the car's features, I decided to wait inside because it was chilly and wet that morning. One of the service guys sat and talked to me briefly...just chit chat about Audis, but he was really nice, as was everyone we encountered at this establishment. There was no hard-sell, no pushiness of any kind. The whole experience was enjoyable and easy-peasy. If you are in the market for a new car, give them a try. You will be glad you did!
4	I'm not an Audi owner yet, but if you do own an Audi and need to bring your vehicle(s) in for any type of services, make sure you check-in with Mike Franklin.  I've worked with Mike for over an year while he was a service consultant with Acura North Scottsdale few doors down.He is very knowledgeable with any types of services and he'll help you until the matters closed.  He can be reached at MFranklin@penskeautomotive.com.I will definitely service my vehicle with Mike when I officially becomes an Audi owner in the near future.
5	We just bought our first Audi at Audi North Scottsdale.  I love the car and the process...it was the easiest and BEST car buying experience I have ever had! Brian and Nancy fantastic - knowledgeable, professional, and thorough.
5	I have taken my A6 to get serviced at Audi N. Scottsdale numerous times and the service that was provided was amazing, best service expedience out of any dealer I've been too. Courteous, helpful, and awesome service reps. I drive 30 miles from my house ( Peoria, AZ) to get service done at this dealership. Whenever I have dropped off my car, I was always provided a loaner car. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GUYS! one very happy customer here.
4	I nearly bought a used Cadillac EXT here but ultimately I changed my mind and  decided to buy an SUV instead. While I'm not a customer of Audi N. Scottsdale I can say that Justin in sales was honest, easy to work with and not pushy at all..
4	I was shopping for a car and stopped by this dealership to check out a few of the models on their lot.  It was a Saturday afternoon and this place was packed!  I had to wait around 15 min for a salesperson to free up so I could test drive a couple of the cars I had on my list.  The receptionist was very friendly and talked to me while I waited.  She cooked up some Popcorn for the customers waiting in the lobby area and offered me some.  I wasn't in the mood for any, so I declined, but it was nice of her to offer.The cars I test drove were ok, but they didn't "feel like my car", so I left empty handed.  On to the next dealership.  The shopping experience here was good and I would consider buying a car in the future from them.Return Factor - 87%
5	This is as good as a car buying experience can get: Penske's car museum, a world class selection of international car brands, knowledgeable and professional staffing at every level in the dealerships. Audi of North Scottsdale under the general managership of Mark Riecks is the cream of the Penske crop in North Scottsdale.  I will spare the details but in my 50+ years of buying new cars I have never received the level of after the purchase accommodation that I recently enjoyed at Audi of North Scottsdale. Suffice it to say that given an issue two weeks after delivery of our A7 the dealership made an accommodation that was solely aimed at achieving customer satisfaction  even at substantial cost to the dealership. You cannot go wrong with Bill Jacobs and Dave Silver as your sales consultants.
5	The Audi experience starts with the purchase.  Audi North Scottsdale makes the buying and owning experience such a pleasure that you will probably always be an Audi owner.  The car speaks for itself as far as styling, technology,safety  and luxury.  The professionalism of every individual who works there inxluding Steve Bacca to Jaime Ossa to Jason Brown and Anthony Pacheco makes owning an Audi a complete pleasure and a great experience.  I am on my sixth Audi!
5	I would definitely recommend Audi North Scottsdale! I had a ridiculous experience with Bell Honda and in the end I was left carless so I decided to go over to Audi just to see. We were approached by Todd and he was great! I had originally thought I would just lease an Audi as I didn't think I could afford to buy one, but things changed. Todd was very casual and low pressure and talked to me about my options. I ended up purchasing an 2013 A4 and couldn't have had a better experience. The financing department was extremely patient with all of my questions and very helpful. If you are looking for a low pressure dealership that will help you through the whole process, I'd recommend Audi North Scottsdale.
5	Absolutely love the service at Audi Scottsdale! I own my 2nd Audi and highly recommend. Wouldn't own any other brand. My service consultant, Jason, is the best!
5	Absolutely love the service at Audi North Scottsdale! I own my 2nd Audi and highly recommend. Wouldn't own any other brand. My service consultant, Jason Brown, is the best!
5	Once again, Audi North Scottsdale goes above and beyond. Just leased my 3rd A4 yesterday and as always, it was a pleasant experience. Debby Lloyd, my customer consultant, never disappoints. She is trustworthy and accommodating which is why I always return to Audi as a loyal customer.
5	Audi North Scottsdale was the fourth (and final) dealership in my pursuit to find my Audi A4. I was greeted by Steve when I first walked in by myself and inquired about the A4 I had seen online. He was more than happy to drive me down the lot in the golf cart to view the car, even though it was raining outside and I told him I was not interested in test driving the car. Steve made small talk, was friendly and professional, and made the whole experience very smooth and comfortable as opposed to my past experiences with various dealerships who made me feel extremely pressured and burdensome. I came back a couple of days later to test drive the car with my father and before I knew it I had traded my car in at a very reasonable price and in exchange I was driving the the Audi A4 off the lot less than a week after I had first seen the car. I still cannot believe the level of customer service and compassion that Steve posses, I recommend this dealership to anyone who wants peace of mind during the car buying process.
5	Bought a car from here while living in California. Their price was better than anything closer, and they were willing to go through a lot of extra trouble to take pictures and allow me to send a 3rd party inspector. They also set up shipping it to me, as well as securing of CA tags for me. They even refunded $56 to me because the tags were cheaper than they estimated. The whole deal went really well, my wife and I are very happy with the purchase, and I'd recommend them to anyone.
5	I purchased a car from Audi North Scottsdale last month, overall experience was great.  Jaime Ossa was very helpful and made the whole sales transaction pretty smooth and comfortable.   I was pretty nervous buying a car for the first time from a car dealership, but the atmosphere here was genuinely great, way better than all the dealerships I stopped by prior to this one.I purchased a used Kia Sportage from them and even then, I still received great customer service. The car itself has been really good, it drives great. Although, just last week the AC stopped blowing cold, I do understand that issues like this come with purchasing a used car, hopefully its nothing major.Also, big thanks to Jaime, he really knows what he is doing! I am sure the other employees are great, but I would highly recommend reaching out to him if you are a first time buyer.Thanks,Sebastian
5	Just graduated from VW to Audi at Audi of North Scottsdale and the experience from start to finish was top notch. John Jimerton provided excellent guidance and customer service throughout the entire process which included trading in my VW. I wasn't able to take the new car with me the first night once I had settled on it due to time constraints, so they arranged for me to come back the next evening. Everything was ready to go for me and it couldn't have been any easier. I even got a follow up call and email. Overall highly recommended and would return for my next purchase.
5	I am nothing short of extremely satisfied with Audi N Scottsdale, my salesperson - Brad Burnham, and the finance team. My search for a new car took over 6 months and I think I wound up at Audi 3 or 4 times before finally deciding to buy an A4. Every time I stopped in Brad was happy to let me test drive (again and again) and he graciously answered all of my questions. The finance team was efficient, knowledgable and pleasant - everything you want when making a large purchase. Overall the experience was fantastic and I wouldn't hesitate to refer anyone to Brad and Audi North Scottsdale.
5	I bought the voucher not knowing when I would use it. Then a carwash broke my windshield wipers on my brand new Q7 and the voucher came in very handy! I saved $25! Thanks YELP and Audi!
1	Bait & Switch.Audi USA is offering a lease deal on a Q5. Audi North Scottsdale would not even get close to the price. Spent a good two hours playing the "Let me go check with my manager" routine and "That deal is different" and "There are hidden costs in that" Completely wasted my time and to be honest, put me off Audi as a brand.
5	Great customer service and beautiful complex. Ask for Brian or Troy, both will take really great care of you and actually take the time to answer your questions. Dennis in finance is extremely professional and goes over options with precision and ease. If you want a great deal, go to the auction. If you want a good car, for a good price with perfect customer service, come here. Kudos.
3	Ok,Brought the GF's car here for a new tire & oil dip stick.  The tire is a recommended tire from Audi and this is the second time we have had to order it from the dealer.  Audi does not carry it in stock?  I could have gone to a private tire store and got this Pirelli in store without having to wait.  It was going to be another day just for that tire.  Second I ordered a oil dip stick for a 2004 Audi A6 Quattro and that had to be ordered as well?  The first dip sticks plastic orange finger hole broke off completely.  The dipstick was going to take two days.  My service advisor Kim was great she offered a rental car, or pick up & drop off but that doesn't change my wait.  The Penske Audi dealership is gorgeous, all the amenities free WIFI, cable, bottled H2o, coffee & tea.  While I will be back for service I think this dealership needs to be better prepared.
5	Took my Audi A4 in for an oil change, tire rotation and overall inspection. Much to my surprise, the representative, Al called to inform me that the work was completed and there were no problems with my car.  Great experience, many shops can find something that needs attention. Free loaner, a new 2014 A4. Also received a free car wash. Nice touch to an overall great experience.
5	Great experience working with Brian McCauley! I was interested in a used car for my teenage daughter and saw a listing on the internet for a car that the dealer had. Brian was very responsive via email and gave me all the information I needed in a timely mannerWhen I went to the dealer, I found Brian very  easy to work with-no pressure, no hassle and was able to tell me the bottom line price they could sell the vehicle for. Overall had a great experience and would highly recommend working with Brian
5	We recently purchased a used car from Audi North Scottsdale. This was by far the best car buying experience we've ever had -- and we have bought from several other dealers in the Valley. Our experience was characterized by a few simple concepts: fairness, honesty, trust. There was no pressure, there were no games. They said what they would do and they did exactly that, resulting in a perfect buying experience. It's really encouraging to know that there are still great auto dealers out there.
5	First time dealing with Audi N. Scottsdale.  From the start we never felt any pressure. Paul Edgette was great to work with.  He allowed my wife and I to test drive 3 different Q7's and 1 Q5 which we ruled out bc of size.  He explained every detail of our lease along with audi customer perks. Since we were getting this car for my wife he also explained all the  tech and driving features of the Q7.  If your looking for a low pressure sales experience then I highly recommend Paul.
5	Who thought trading in my 2012 Audi A4 for a 2014 Audi Q5 would be the easiest transaction ever.  After going to North Scottsdale, I met Joe Coleman, who is by far the best salesman I have dealt with.  When a dealership and the buyer can both walk away thinking they got a good deal, you know you got a good deal.  The car with all of the upgrades I wanted was in stock and 90 minutes later I was driving home in my new car.  Their finance rate was lower than my bank, so I kept my loan with Audi Financial.  I have always had great things to say about their service department (especially Jason Brown), and now I can say that this dealership has exceeded my expectations.  Thank you!
5	My wife has been a loyal customer at Audi North Scottsdale from the time she purchased her A4 from them in '05. Her buying experience was exceptional, so she decided to have the car serviced there as well.  Again, she told me that the service dept. and her Service advisor, Jason Brown, were exceptional!  When we married in 2012 andmoved to Glendale, she told me that she wanted to continue her relationship with them.  So, for the last 2 years that I have been involved with their service dept., I understand what she was talking about.  Jason Brown, our Service Advisor, is a top notch professional who values his relationship with his customers and taking care of their needs.  We have also met Jeff Wieland, their Service Mngr., on several occasions, who is also a top notch professional who sees to it that his customers have the best possible service experience while there at the dealership.  Everyone from the lot attendants to the service dept. staff have been a joy to do business with.!
5	Can't believe I am giving 5 stars to a place no one ever wants to go to. The Audi Service Department is like the dentist, you know you need to go, but you worry about what they'll find. Al is by far the best Service Rep I have ever worked with. Always accommodating and no bullshit games. I know this Audi has been more challenging than my past Audi's, but with that said Al and the Audi service team have been straight forward and have taken care of all of my issues with complete ease.
5	The best car buying experience I've ever had in over 20 years of buying cars. From our salesman Joe Coleman to the finance manager they were all extremely helpful and truly amazing. At no point did I feel like they were pushing products (gap insurance - prepaid services) on us. They offered them but their was no pushing the product once I said no they moved on. Over all great experience!!!! We will differently be returning customers!
5	I could not be more happy with the way I was treated and I am thrilled with my new car and the interest rate they gave me.  I never felt pressure, no games, it was a great experience.  Also, my last car was an Audi and the service department is awesome.
5	Go see David Silver at Audi North Scottsdale for your next car purchase.  Having bought numerous cars over the years we were skeptical to branch out and try Audi.  David really knows his stuff and they have ample inventory on hand and have access to just about everything you would want.  The exact car we wanted was not on the lot but he was able to locate it and get it to us in just a few days.  Unlike other places he was more concerned that we got the car we wanted rather than just getting something off the lot.  From our initial visit to closing the sale he was always prompt in responding to our questions and very patient and professional as we made our decision.  Once we made our mind up the paperwork was fast and easy.  I highly recommend you go see David if you are looking for and Audi!
