4	for all you Boston folks, this is the only place I've seen in town that serves up real roast beef 3 way sandwiches.  google it, if you're not sure what I'm talking about.  ginormous menu - because "weah not suah what's gonna sell heya...so we've covahd all ya bases..."  and pahked the cah in hahvad yahd...I was surprised by all the 4 tops and multiple flat screens...I figured this was gonna be a Boston Chicken knock off - but it's far from it.  menu includes roast beef and chicken primarily - in about every possible permutation - salads, sandwiches, pizzas, pastas.  They make 13 sauces from scratch.  Anyway, it's next to my dry cleaners and mani/pedi place and the neighborhood really has very few restaurant offerings so hopefully they'll find their niche as well as repeat customers.  I'm just pleased someone's doing their best to make food from scratch.
5	I was running low on fuel (as it usually happens to me after a long work day) and I still had to write a darn essay for English 234 class. So after a disappointing scan of my fridge and pantry I figured I'd be better off getting something close to the house. And...there's McDs... mehhh.... and there's Subway. I managed to miss the turn on my way and found myself in front of somewhat generically named East Coast Eats. So what a heck - give 'em a shot. I was not sure what to order so I asked the gent at the counter and he suggested "Steak Bomb sub". It sounded like a cheese-steak so I went for it thinking it'll be something like Capriottis one. Well... I was wrong. This one was loaded with meat and was just about right. I'll definitely try some of their pastas next time.Open till 10PM... I like that (especially in this area where most places close at 9)
5	Take a few minutes to learn the lingo. It is simple and will get you praised by the boys from Boston. The guy at the register is friendly and knows how to talk. Listening to him rave about the food is exciting for both parties. I always enjoy seeing people get passionate about food. This enthusiasm was evident when I was eating. Between two people, we got the large roast beef two ways, a Cajun chicken wrap, and a large order of sweet potato fries. There are two styles to order their famous roast beef sandwich. Two ways means sauce and cheese. Three ways is sauce, mayo, and cheese. When I opened the wrapper, I was greeted with a sandwich that the Arby's roast beef aspires to be. The beef is moist and plentiful. The sauce tangy and flavorful. The sandwich, colossal and mighty tasty. The parm chicken wrap was what won over my friend. She loved the sauteed onions, peppers, and mushrooms. Maybe she liked it more because the way he said, "tender". The sweet potato fries are crisp and needed no sauce. Be smarter than me and order a basket. I was too preoccupied with the extensive menu and his enthusiasm to notice the price difference. A basket comes with fries, for $2.50 more you can upgrade for onion rings and a salad. If you love Arby's, you should treat your taste buds to give this place a try.
5	Who would have thought that a tator tot could taste sooooo good! On the advice of a friend, I found myself trying again another eatery that claims to be great!! Well let's just say that this place had an amazing "Steak Bomb", Chicken Salad and the most delicious roast beef sandwhich i've had since moving here from the east coast! This was a delight and I will definately be back for more!
5	Incredibly friendly staff here that cooks up some wicked Boston food. Be sure to ask for suggestions, these people not only know their own menu but are happy to discuss and take great pride in their food.And boy, is it ever great food. I had the Steak Bomb sandwich, which is a wonderful combination of bell peppers, mushrooms, a light amount of cheese, and a LARGE amount of beef. This may sound like it is a pretty simple sandwich, and it was, but boy was it well made. Not too much grease in it, but enough to just make your mouth water with every bite. Everything about it was well-balanced and well made.I also had a bite of the Chicken Parm Wrap, which is a wrap with Chicken Parmesan and pasta sauce inside. Also pretty darn tasty too.Will be sure to come back here again.
5	ECE never ceases to amaze with the quality, generosity, or friendliness. It is a new weekly ritual that I am willing to forgo bakeries to save up my calories for. Kristina D. and I have grabbed a menu and began to go down the list because nothing has been mediocre. On this visit we tried the shrimp diabolo with linguine, the smokehouse burger basket with their fries tossed in mild sauce. The abundance of jumbo shrimp were shocking. I have been to many a restaurants, ordered this dish, only to be let down with three or four pieces. The EIGHT, count them, eight butterflied shrimps are lightly breaded and I believe pan fried. The sauce is not as diabolical as the name implies, it coats the tongue and delivers a mild aftertaste, but not scorching. The capers and garlic are plentiful and adds to the wholeness of the dish. It is accompanied by two big pieces of garlic bread. Try to resist mopping up the leftover reminisce, if you can. The smokehouse burger is juicy, salty, sweet, tender, and not slathered in sauce. When a burger can stand on it's own and a restaurant does not try to hide imperfections by drenching an item, I am impressed. Now for my friend's favorite, the fries tossed in mild sauce.  This side was spicier than our pasta, and taste better than just plain fries. The only downside is that they go limp and cold faster. Eat them early on in your meal otherwise you will be disappointed.
5	PAUL REVERE WOULD EAT HERE!Was wanting to review them the last few times I went  but wanted to make sure what I was experiencing was legit. After a few visits decided it's time to review. Their rating is actually 4.5 stars but since their is no such thing I rounded on the high side in their favor.So, I've eaten a couple of Steak Bombs,  Cheese Burger (with an additional patty) and the Mediterranean Chicken Sandwich. First of all Their sub rolls are perfectly moist which makes the eating experience a whole lot easier and equally enjoyable! I would have to say that the Steak Bomb would be my favorite Sandwich so far but that's not to take away from the others i've had. The Steak Bomb comes loaded with a generous portion of meat, cheese and 'shrooms with the perfect ratio of cheese to meat. On a Sunday evening I was driving home and found myself not so-unusually hungry at 9:00 pm. Unfortunately every usual place near my home is closed on a Sunday at that time. ECE is open everyday until 10pm. Big bonus! I ordered a simple cheeseburger and figured i better add a second patty for $2. BIG mistake! Big mistake for a good reason, the pattys are huge. That's an understatement from me cause I'm a big patty kind of guy. The burger didn't lack in flavor either. The folks here are pretty cool as well. Good service with a great explanation of their menu. Which brings me to the menu. This is really the only negative I can find with the place. Their menu is a little large but on the flip side of that coin they offer a wide variety of items. I plan on trying some of their pasta dishes and pizzas in the very near future.
5	Great place with great food.  The employees were friendly and engaging.  I got the steak bomb and was very pleased.  The sandwich is similar to a philly cheese steak.  Cook perfectly and had a great balance of meet cheese sauce and veggies.  I will definitely ne ordering this sandwich again.The place has a fairly lengthy menu that includes salads, burgers, sandwiches, pizza, pasta, and Boston style roast beef.  I will be returning to sample more of their menu in the near future.
5	awesome pizza and wings!  Tuesday is text special day so if you haven't signed up for the special offer sent via text be sure you do.  The pizza crust is perfect not too thin nor too much dough, the sauce has just a touch of spice that makes the flavor explode.  The wings are very meaty, we had the sweet bbq and it was a perfect balance of sweet and bbq - amazing flavor.will definitely be back to try other menu items!
5	Amazing East Coast food! I am a Boston girl, and always on the search for good food from home. This place is the real deal! The people are friendly and food is reasonably priced. We have tried several things on the menu and it is all amazing! By far our favorite place to eat in all of Las Vegas and Henderson!
4	Go here. Good enough?If not, go here for the roast beef. Wow. Tender, seasoned well, enormous portion for $6 (for the super size.) We also had a grilled chicken sandwich with fries - man, were those fries good.Can't beat the price. Great value. You give it back in lack of atmosphere, but keep serving that beef at that price and I won't give a hoot about what's on the walls.Only ding was a kid at the counter who couldn't tell us much about the menu, but no big deal. We'll be back.
5	I was very excited to try this place since my cousin went there and told me the owner was from the Revere area in MA which is where I grew up.  I of course tried the roast beef sandwich which is supposed to be a'la the famous Kelly's Roast Beef on Revere Beach.  I was not disappointed.  The roast beef is cooked rare and so thinly sliced you can almost see through it if you hold it up to the light.  This r.b. seemed sort of shredded though, unlike Kelly's which is in full sheets.  It was still delicious.  You can order it with BBQ sauce, mayo or cheese, but I have always been a purist at Kelly's so I held true at ECE (also because I wanted to TASTE the beef by itself).  I also had the tater tots which were the standard tots you can get anywhere.   But who doesn't love TOTS...really?  The small size I ordered was enough for 2 people.  I am looking forward to going back to trying the steak bomb and well as the steak tip bomb.  They also have sweet potato fries which I can't hardly ever resist.  Overall I liked the look of the menu, plenty to choose from without being overwhelming.  My only qualm is that they have Pepsi products instead of my beloved Coke.  :o(I also liked that they have 4 - 40" (or so) TVs on the walls on which to watch many New England sports teams as I read on their FB page that they get NESN.Will be going back FOR SURE.
5	After just one visit this place has become one of my favorites. The price was great and the quality was top notch. Service was friendly and the owner was a nice guy. I will start with the roast beef sandwich, nine hours after and I still can't wait to go back tomorrow for another one. The best med rare, thin sliced roast beef I have ever had. The chicken wings were fresh and juicy with many sauces to choice from. My wife had the pizza and it was solid not great but good. The sweet potatoe fries i have to say are just ok they probably need a sauce. Steak tip bomb will be the next thing I try tomorrow and another roast beef.
4	Went in with my girl decided to order the special. Roast beef basket. Got our food and drink quick and the roast beef was cooked perfect and was super tasty fries were hot. My girl got the steak tip bomb and said it was excellent too.This is one I can say is worth the time. Very good food.
5	I live close to this place and figured I'd give it a shot a couple of weeks ago. I have since gone 6 times with my family, have tried something different every time, and have loved every single thing. Unbelievable wings and the pizza is incredible. The roast beef 3-way was good sized and tasty. The burgers are reasonably priced. The buns on both were fresh. We've ventured into the fatty appetizer list, too. Great onion rings. You will feel yourself get fatter as you eat the tater tots with nacho cheese and bacon, but it won't stop you (unfortunately). Great informal setting to bring young kids too. This is our new neighborhood restaurant that we will go to religiously. I hope others agree, so it sticks around.
4	Solid.  Great "steak bomb" - the New England answer to the Philly cheese steak.  Immaculate dining area.  Comfy 'sports' ambiance.  My dining companion suggested replacing tables & chairs with booths - more attractive for business lunches.  The "steak bomb" palace in Beverly, MA was "Kaiser's" - with Genoa salami on their grilled steaks with a nice touch of melted Provolone.  ECE is very pleasant - sorry to j m. who struggled.
5	As a native East Coaster I was practically coming out of my skin to try this place. What East Coster wouldn't want a little taste of home in the middle of the nobody-knows-how-to-make-Italian-food-out-here desert? (OK, well I won't go into detail but lets just say that despite spilling fabreeze car fresher (some sort of rain, sea breeze scent) all over my hands on the way to East Coast Eats, I was STILL able to enjoy my delicious menu selections.) The venue itself is your typical strip mall joint, but new, clean and easy to navigate. Overwhelmed with options I decided on the traditional, chicken Parmesan. Hey, if you can't get a simple dish right then your "fancy" options are more than likely going to suck also. The portions..HUGE! And what I probably loved the most, besides the deliciousness of the food itself? The fact that I felt right at home eating it out of a metal tin container! If I were to have leftovers (yes, I ate it ALL), I would have enjoyed the option of converting my metal container into a handy transportable to-go vessel. The marinara sauce was perfection! Not too sweet, not too acidic, rich, and not full of those pesky chunks of tomatoes. My friend ordered some sort of meat monstrosity on a roll in which she thoroughly enjoyed. (I don't partake in pig or cows traditionally so I had to take her word for it). All in all, a repeat visit to East Coast Eats is definitely on the agenda! Hopefully I'll get to enjoy my food without the aroma of sea breeze, fabreeze car freshener all over my hands ;) For a little taste of goodness from the heart of our nation, indulge in East Coast Eats, I find it hard to believe you will be disappointed.
5	OK, so after eating at my original favorite, Las Vegas's very own hole in the wall classic Italian eatery, NY Pizza and Pasta (see my past review for details), it's official... EAST COAST EATS ROCKS! The staff appears to be happy to be there, friendly and attentive and the food..well..it is without question, fantastic! The breading on the chicken Parmesan is unmatched by any in this town thus far. To obtain a crunchy breading yet still have the chicken inside stay moist and delicious is a feat unsurpassed by any venue I've tried (so far) in this valley. You are officially my new Italian eatery favorite.. GREAT JOB!
4	When the words "Steak Bomb" flowed through my ear hole, I knew that I had to get one. Just seeing these two words together gave me the impression that it is not a food that plays games. This is a delicious concoction created to destroy hunger in a single blow.Meet, East Coast Eats, a fairly new eatery bringing some of America's northeast flavors to Vegas. It was they who introduced me to the steak bomb, a New England twist to the more familiar Philly Cheesesteak. It's a mountain of thinly sliced beef, green peppers, onions and American cheese compressed into submarine roll. Yes, it was tasty. Yes, it was a heavy eat. And yes, I do have cravings for more throughout my day-to-day life.East Coast Eats also does offer a pretty extensive menu, along with weekly specials, ranging from pizza to their signature Boston roast beef sandwiches. After that steak bomb, I did not have enough fight in me to sample anything else. But believe me, I will be back for round 2.
5	Good quality food! More pricy than we expected by just a bit, but taste was awesome. Their menu is HUGE. Something for everyone, literally! Staff was friendly and knowledgable. You could tell by the food that the cooks and owners know their food well. It's an interesting food concept for Vegas. This could easily expanded into local spots all over the valley. Adding in their newly aquired seafood items, I am truly excited to eat there again. They have a facebook page, so I hope they will post some specials there. I had to try the steakbomb because all the yelpers raved about it, and it didn't disappoint for the price. The special steak bomb adds salami, which i think made it even more perfect. Icould have used a touch more onions, since they were well cooked, there wasn't much of them left. I LOVE THE BREAD in this dish though. FANTASTIC. We should have just eaten in the dining area though, because the warm food gets a bit steamy on the way home (no fault of theirs). What struck me as neat was there were several large parties eating there, normally you don't see that in a sandwich shop. With a little more decor work, and some sports specials, this could be a nice game hangout.
5	The food is great here. Have yet to have something I didn't love. The pizza is perfect!  Can't say enough about the steak bomb, always hits the spot.  Always the first stop when we have company in town.
5	OMG I am so glad we found this joint! Their food is incredible, portion sizes are huge and the price well can't complain because of the quality and quantity. There is soo much stuff to choose from on their menu that you have no idea where to begin. The Chicken parm dish is awesome and huge! The Greek salad has an incredible dressing! The roast beef is great but reminded me of Arby's with the 3 way sauce, which isn't what I was expecting but still good. The Steak bomb, a EC version of a Philly cheesesteak, was actually quite light but really tasty. So far I have been impressed with everything we have tried and honestly I can't wait to go back and try something else. The staff is friendly and happy to assist you. I really hope this place continues to make a name for itself.
5	ECE is full of good food, nice staff, and plenty of Boston sports on the TVs.  After multiple visits, I have found that there is no best thing on the menu, everything is equally mouthwatering and as such, everything should be tried at least once.  Cajun chicken bomb is amazing, as are the diablo wings.This restaurant never skimps on anything, making sure each meal is satisfying, full of meat, seafood, and sauce.  Best part is that the prices are fair!
4	After eating the worst mexican food in my life I was still hungry and I decided to check out ECE.  A couple of people I know say this  place is great and it's not too far from my house so I figured, why not?  I had the Roast Beef two ways and their homemade onion rings.  The sandwich was just plain delicious!  The meat was amazing and the sauce added a great component that just completed the whole thing like Renee Zellweger!  I loved the onion rings because the breading was so light that it was falling off the onion.  That's what my onion rings look like when I made them so it showed me for sure that these were homemade!  The seasoning on the rings was great and the sauce that came with them was really good as well.  I will go back here again for sure!
5	We saw an ad in the Seven magazine and seeing as how close it is to our home, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try.  We ended up bragging about the place to his good friend from Wooster about the delicious food we just devoured. The first visit, my bf had a steak bomb, and I had the chicken finger sub. I normally order chicken finger subs hot out here because the sauce level from back home in Buffalo is always one level down. I ordered hot and holy crap, my lips were red! I LOVE IT!!!!  Lots of onions and tomatoes on it. My bf's steak bomb was just that...bomb...in a West Coast lingo kind of way.  We also shared the cheesy tater tots which are served in a big round takeout container with melted cheese, bacon, and green onions. Fabulous! Just went back tonight, and my bf did the happy dance because they are now serving New England Clam Chowder!!!!!  He loved it, along w/ his steak bomb.  I had a cajun chicken bomb and the thing was so damn loaded with meat, when I unwrapped it, it almost rolled off the table. "I had a chicken bomb stain on my bright yellow shirt..."  It was super flavorful and as always, we promise the boys we'll be back. The staff here is great, always helpful and pleasant. Always carrying on conversations with customers who are natives of Massachusetts.
5	Will visit again! I have found the best cheesesteak or as its called on the menu "Steak BOMB" in the las vegas valley. The only thing is, if you have kids they don't have a kids menu BUT even with my picky eater was able to find something she would eat.  Food portions are big and cost is reasonable.
2	Wow, this was incredibly mediocre. Went based on yelp reviews. Ordered wings and a salad, and my girlfriend ordered the cheesy tater tots and the steak bomb.  Bomb is right; it was the most tasteless Philly cheesesteak I've ever had the displeasure of tasting (never mind the incongruity of serving a Philly cheesesteak in what was clearly a Boston themed joint). The wings were soggy and unspectacular. The tater tots - no joke - were the frozen ones you'd buy in the store cooked improperly so that they were soggy, with a little nacho cheese, some shredded cheese, and some old bacon bits sprinkled on top, and microwaved together.  The salad was the best part of the meal - and I'm not a big salad eater. This place wasn't even that affordable.  If you're jonesing for a crappy Boston eatery, with jerseys on the wall and the Red Sox game on the tv, consider this place (but don't expect any special, east coast character here either); otherwise, steer clear.
4	Whilst at work, I and my work peers were searching for something new and good to eat. One of us wanted a pulled-pork sandwich. So I searched Yelp for something new for us to eat, a place near us in Henderson. I came accross East Coast Eats and their great reviews. The picture that comes up when you hover over their name looked like a pulled-pork sandwich - although it was their two-way roast beef! They didn't have pulled-pork, but we ordered away regardless.This place lived up to their glowing reviews. Our order was great. I had the Steak Bomb, and the flavoring of the meat was unique and good. Others ordered their Roast beef, and they described it as a super arbys sandwich. They loved it. They have so much more tasty items, but we didn't have their menu and their website was being fixed or something, so we couldn't find a complete menu online. But I've got one now and we will be ordering from them again and again. Good eats!
5	Hubby and I ate there today for the first time, and it won't be the last! He had steak bomb, I had chicken parm sub and we split onion rings. Wow, what a great lunch! Bring your appetite, they sure don't skimp on food. Priced right and great to be with other East Coasters/Bostonians! Loved it!
4	I was looking for a place to grab a quick bite to eat before heading over to watch a movie and this place caught my eye. As a bonus, at that time there was a 10% off coupon by checking in through yelp so I thought why not!My boyfriend and friend ordered the roast beef sandwich which also came with a large side of fries. They both said the sandwich was pretty good, with nice and juicy roast beef. Sadly I didn't get to try any of their sandwiches. I ordered the Steak Bomb and it was definitely good. To me, it was basically a Philly cheesesteak and what's not to love about it? Meat, cheese, peppers, and mushrooms. Sounds good to me! Not only that, it was HUGE. I had a really hard time finishing it and I would say I can eat quite a bit.Overall, you get a lot of food for the money, and it's good food. I want to come back to try their roast beef sandwich next time.
5	ECE is the best thing I have found in a long time for a quick work lunch in Henderson! It has everything, cold/hot subs, pizza, pasta, salad, and the like. Really good foodie food, if you know what I mean. :DMy first time there I got the Steak Bomb, basically your glorified Philly Cheese Steak. Word on the street is they don't like it when customers say "Can I have your Philly Cheese Steak?" they don't take that lightly, so I was aware to respect the Steak Bomb and call it by it's proper name. ;) I had to wait a bit for my order to be brought to the table , but MAN WAS IT WORTH IT!!! it was ooooey-gooey foodie heaven. They got everything right! The best part was the cheese was still warm enough to melt around the steak in the sandwich. Each bite was better than the last! no joke.I am eager for my next food adventure at ECE! Lunch anybody?? next on my list the Shrimp Scampi!
5	Tried East Coast Eats for the first time today. Love it!! Friendly, courteous service, incredible, varied menu selection, awesome food, and generous portions. Fresh seafood, who knew? The fish and chips, spaghetti and meatballs and hot wings were delicious. We will be back!!!
5	My wife and I eat here 5-6 times a month and she doesn't like much more than a salad and sandwich type place.  She is super lactose intolerant and still can't get enough of the pizza and especially the meatballs.  I get texts from them every wed and crave the seafood from that moment.  Owner is usually there.  He and his staff are good feisty Bostonians which we love so we will continue to go as often as we can.
3	I'm from Eastern Pennsylvania and my husband is from Boston, Mass. We know east coat eats.The Steak Bomb is quite yummy, one of the best "cheesesteak like" subs around. So if my review was based on this alone, they'd get at least 4 stars but...The Fish and Chips was okay, we had just returned from a week in Cape Cod/Boston areas so ECE had some competition to deal with. Their coating needs a little work but the fish was done nicely and tasted pretty fresh. The fries were nothing special. My husband has been trying to find someone local to make his favorite thin sliced hand battered onion rings from back home, these were the closest we've found so far, but their coating lacks seasoning so we're still searching. Staff was friendly. The place was clean and casual.I would go back for The Bomb, I would also like to try their Roast Beef sandwiches, alot of their menu sounds appealing.
2	Came here because I heard that  it is a good place to watch a Patriots game.  That was a really bad recommendation. You'd be better off listening to the game on the radio in your car in the parking lot.  The food was ok.  Not bad.  Not good.  Just sorta generic sub shop fare.  I think that the people here who loved the pizza just don't know decent pizza.  We had the pizza and it wasn't much better than Dominos.
5	the best
5	My first time there, I ordered the Steak Bomb. It was absolutely DELICIOUS! Will keep going back and give everything a try.
4	Hot Digg-ity Bomb!!Went here for lunch on a Thursday for the first time and now I'm hooked.(BTW... when you see firefighters grabbing lunch at an establishment... you know it's gotta be good... and there were a couple different trucks that stopped here while we were eating.)Steak Bomb.... is Da Bomb!  So Good!  Tender, juicy steak, grilled with green peppers, onions, mushrooms melted with a white gooey cheese.  (I got mine without onions as I'm not an onion fan.)  This sandwich is BIG... well for me.  I took 1/2 home and enjoyed it the following day where it was still de-lish!  The sandwich came out HOT... I burned my mouth on the first bite but it was worth it.  The flavors all blend together in a meaty, comfort food yumminess. The peppers aren't over powering so that you can actually taste the meat and mushrooms and the cheese isn't the part that stands out but rather the ingredient that enhances and pulls together the other ingredients.Corned Brisket.... The husband ordered this and I took a bite because it looked and smelled good. I'm not a fan of Corned Brisket... but I would totally order this... great flavor, great texture and really meaty without the funny after flavor that often follows this sandwich (IMO).  Clam Chowder.... OMG!  Love it!  Served steaming hot with big, meaty clams.  It was NOT all potatoes.  Creamy, but not thin because it was thick but not stew like.  It was hearty without being too decadent. Everything about it was perfect.  :)Will definitely be going back to try their other items.... which include pizzas, pastas, salads....
4	Good food and great service. The Mac and Cheese and the Steak Bomb were great. Boston Sports fans get discounts, wear your gear.
4	Great chicken fingers. Really nice people. Relaxed atmosphere. High quality food. :)
3	The roast beef sandwich 3 ways on a sub was awesome. We also got the grilled buffalo chicken sandwich but the chicken was really chewy, and couldn't finish it.  The staff was really nice and prices affordable. Will probably return.
2	I went last week to try this place out and I was not impressed.  The cashier recommended 3 flavors (some tangy bbq sauce, mayo, and cheese) for the roast beef so I agreeded to get it. For like 4 tables and 3 of them already eating their food it sure took a long time to get my order. Ive never tasted tap water that bad before and Ive lived in Vegas all my life.Their bathroom was clean and their staff were nice.
4	Good food but they need to get more organized at the order desk.
5	I may have missed it on a previous review, but if you check in thru Yelp at ECE,  you will get 10% off of your bill..
4	If you are looking for the best "Chowda" in town, I would highly recommend ECE.  I could taste the fresh ingredients with each bite.  I am more of a manhattan clam chowder fan, but the ECE chowda was creamy and smooth.  The clams are fresh and the potatoes perfectly soft.  They put a hint a butter in it to give you a full taste on the back of the tongue.  Truly perfection if you are looking for New England Chowda.  I ordered the Steak Bomb.  It was ok at best.  I felt it was a bit underseasoned.  The meat did not have the flavors like they do at other places.  I was told that their seafood fried clams is good and that is what I'm going to try next time I'm there.For the haters talking about their service.  If you are originally  from the East Coast, like I am, the service here is fine.  It is not that fake, smile in your face, talk behind your back in the kitchen service.  It's an East coast, you get what you get, whad ru tauking 'bout, attitude that is refreshing and genuine.  I highly recommend ECE for the authentic feel of the East Coast in Henderson.
4	I'll preface this by saying I'm definitely not from the East Coast. I find the owner's Boston "swagger" and accent cloying. It gets old speaking to people from Boston who always insist EVERYTHING is better there. I find this sort of elitism annoying. I will do my best to get over my biased opinion for this review and judge the place solely on the food! This would be a 3 star place, but they freaking deliver, so they get a star bump for that ! I love places that deliver that serve food other than pizza. I'm very lazy and having food brought to my door step is one of my favorite indulgences in life. This makes me very happy. Their delivery is relatively fast, and relatively reliable. My food experiences have been very hit or miss. The wings are just ok (and covered in flour, boo). The pasta was "eh", the roast beef wasn't so great. They screwed up my order last time I got delivery... that sucked. HOWEVER, the steak bomb is all that and then some. Yes every review mentions this freaking sandwich - but there's a reason for this. I might even like it better than the cheese steak at Capriotti's, it's that good ! It's HUGE, and loaded with insane amounts of meat. My husband and I can share this and a side and we are more than full. 5 stars for the steak bomb, 3 stars for the rest of the menu, 2 stars for the East Coast Attitude you have to deal with, and a star bump for having delivery... 4 stars it is !
5	By far the BEST clams and service! They may even beat Ipswich's own Clambox.. Yes better than that!Their roast beef sandwiches is neck and neck with Nick's in Beverly Ma. The pizza is by far THE best pizza I've ever had! You guys absolutely rock.The thing ECE needs to improve on absolutely immediately is open another store on the northwest side. It's just too far to drive all the way to Henderson :(
4	As I was driving home from work, I was culling the ideas for a quick dinner. A fast food gourmet, I crossed off McDonald's, as I wasn't in the mood for chicken nuggets. Taco Bell and Del Taco, no. Didn't feel like tacos or burritos. Panda Express pleased me the night before -- ooh, Subway sounds good. Tasty subs and there's one on the way right at the 215 and Valle Verde.So I was ramping myself up for Subway when I pulled in to the lot and saw a bright sign pronouncing East Coast Eats, with no one inside. It was begging me, saying "Eat me, then produce a review on Yelp! Then brush your teeth and try to get to bed early, you have things to do in the morning!"Yeah, the sign said all that. Well, you can't prove otherwise, can you?I walked in, and the girl sweeping promptly headed back to the cashier's area. Small place is an understatement, but the walls hold some prominently Bostonian jerseys, all signed by their respective athlete. That's all well and good, but I didn't see no John Cena anything on the wall, so I really don't care.I ordered the Buffalo Chicken sandwich, using their medium (Wild) buffalo sauce. So first downside was the wait time. It took some time to make, and I was taking it to go, so I wanted to get home in a hurry. Second downside is that it's all a la carte -- paying separately for the sandwich, fries, and drink got a little on the costly side (around $12), which is fine for a sit-down meal, but for a grab-n-go that I intended to pay about $5 (five dollar footlooooooong) for, it seemed a price disparity.Trade-off: it's a bit of a wait, and a little costly, but the food was very good. The Buffalo Chicken sandwich had a crisp chicken patty doused in a buffalo sauce that was not too weak but not scorching (though you can do that if you want). Every bite was flavorful and juicy, and definitely left me wanting more.I'll be back to check them out again. I really wish I could give them 3.5 stars, but I'll err on the side of nice today, since it's almost the holidays.
3	While I enjoyed my roast beef sandwich, it's not very friendly towards anyone that is vegetarian.  My wife ordered a vegetable sub and it had shards of meat in it.  A little disturbing that the grill isn't cleaned off prior to making another order.  Who knows what's in any of the orders?  While they did make another one, why did a second one have to be made in the first place?  Also, found a clam strip in the onion rings.  Again, not a good sign if you're a vegetarian.  I'm a meat eater like the best of them, but am very sensitive to places that treat vegetarians like second class citizens.  I forgot that New England is all about seafood and meat.
2	I just don't understand what I am missing that others seems to be raving about. I have been here twice and both times the food has been okay. Nothing appears to be made in house. My fellow diners and i have had a pasta dish, fish dish and a sandwich and various side dishes. All of them tasted like they came right off the Sysco truck and the cook topped them off with cheese, bacon bits or seasoning salt. For my money I'd rather go somewhere else.
4	Great Steak Bomb. Conveinent Location. I need to explore the menu more and then will get back with a more balanced review for food but for now i keep returning for the Steak Bomb.
4	OH HELL PEOPLE!!! I tried to read some of the reviews on here, didn't realize some people just love to write.. this is a review not a thesis paper.Food='s good!Price='s a little high but manageableAtmosphere='s clean and the employee's were cool.We got the cheese tot's (hell yes!!) the Cajun chicken bomb, and the steak bomb, three true east coasters were representing. New Jersey, Bostonian, and New Yorker.. all said the food was good. They said you can't copy the true food of their towns but this was close. We will be coming back and may call this a usual eat spot.
2	This was our third time here, and unfortunately, our last.  When we opened the door and walked in there was someone standing at the counter looking directly at us.  This person did not greet us (there was one other person in the place at this time and was looking at the menu) or even show us the smallest of a smile.  We approached the counter and I had to say "Hi" first and then we ordered.  Fish and chips, a meatball sub, one drink, and after a little thought, an order of onion rings.  My husband gave him a $50 bill as our order was over $30.  He handed the change to my husband without saying a word, no thank you, no here is what your change is, nothing.  The fish and chips was good, tartar excellent, cole slaw tasteless.  The meatballs on the sub were lukewarm at best and it needed more marinara. The onion rings were okay but the breading just fell off of them when you picked them up.  I used to like the whole belly clams here but they didn't have them as a special tonight.  And they were out of clam chowder.  I guess I will be looking elsewhere for my east coast fix.  I sure do miss Not Your Average Deli.
5	I've been coming here since they opened last April..if you like roast beef sandwiches this is the place for a great one! The meat is so tender and flavorfull! The best way is get it the way Dave recommends..3 way! They have the best onion rings..such a flaky crust and not greasy! The seafood is good again very flavorful and light flaky batter. The pasta dishes and salads are a big portion. If you like philly steaks then get the steak bomb one of their specials! The place is always clean and love Dave at the register!  GO PATS!  p.s. even if your a NY fan you should check it out!
2	After eating at ECE a few times over the past couple of weeks, I have decided to downgrade my rating quite a bit.  In my previous review, I stated that I tried something that I didn't care for, but that I wanted to try something else because I might have just picked something that wasn't right for me.  I wanted them to make me like their food because I think they are on to something with it.Now I can say with an amount of confidence that I may just not like this restaurant as much as I WANT to like it.  On several occasions, we have had problems with the service at night.  The workers like to horse around, which is fine... but if you ignore me when I am trying to order, that is a problem.  Also, if you ignore me and then finally take my order, only to mess it up completely... well, then I get on Yelp and give you two stars ;)  This same scenario has occurred twice recently, and I don't much care for having to avoid restaurants at a certain time of day because I feel like I am inconveniencing the workers when I order.I tried a pizza.  It was okay, but I can't understand what everyone is raving about.  I've had better.  The fish and chips are good, but not good enough to return for given the bad service I've received.  I'm kind of disappointed, but I'm just kind of... over it.
3	Service was pretty good, food as well. Prices a little higher than expected.The Steak Bomb was very tasty. Good steak flavors, the roll was good, would order again. I really liked the Chicken Parm sandwich. I got it grilled vs fried and it did not disappoint. The fried clams were just OK. The batter was bland but the clams were perfectly fried. The tartar sauce was the winner of this dish. Not a bad place, alot of options that i will return to try.
1	We ordered for our office and five people ate and no one thought the food was all that wonderful.  I know that none of us will go back.
4	I have only had the "Steak Bomb," which is a steak sub with onions, green peppers and cheese.  Pretty good, but at $9, it seemed a little expensive for when I got.
2	Overpriced Italian food they wanted $14 for a meatball sub, fries, and a drink. The meatball was ok but the everything else was average.
2	Went there this past friday night with the family. ECE is located in a shopping center with some other shops. Thats no biggie but you'll notice when you walk in this place is tiny. Where you order your food is only a few feet from the tables and the cooking area is only a couple feet from where you make your order. This all isn't a big deal but on this particular night it was. It was in the low 80's outside but it felt like it was in the 90's inside. They decided to not turn the AC on and they just left the two main doors wide open. I was cooking after just a few minutes waiting for our food. But I'm sure once we get into summer they'll start using the AC(atleast I hope). One more thing, its very bright inside. I prefer a little darker place like Claim Jumpers. But that's really just personal preference.  The two ladies working the register and bringing out the food were pretty nice. What I was disappointed in was instead od sitting down and being waited on you walked to the register and ordered from a huge sign on the back wall. They did have menus but we felt rushed making our order.   My son got the large basket of fries and it was huge! About as big as three large fries at Mickie d's . And it was only $2.99. My wife got the cheeseburger with fries. She gave me a bite and I have to say it was good. It was very rare though so you might have to tell them how you want it. Very bloody and pink in the middle. Fortunately I like it that way. My daughter got the kids pizza and she seemed to like it. I got the fish and chips for $12.99 and was pretty disappointed. Luckily it came with tartar sauce so that really saved it. The fish has absolutely no taste. If I didn't have the tartar sauce I would've been pissed. Comparing it to Red Robins Arctic Cod Fish and Chips it doesn't come close. Red Robins fish is so good you don't need tartar sauce and you get bottomless fries all for $11.99. You can even get the Red's Nantucket Seafood Scatter and get the fish and bottomless fries with fried clams for $13.99. Plus it all tastes great. If your just getting a hamburger or one of their wraps/subs there pretty reasonably priced but when you get into their seafood dinners their very expensive and I would recommend going someplace else. We ate here because we wanted to try a new place but will be our one and only time. Its probably worth at least one trip. Judging by the other reviews its either a love it or no thanks kinda place.
4	Thank goodness for Facebook.  A friend of mine posted a picture of what they got here, which is how I heard about this place.  The picture looked so good, I just had to try it.Today, I got the smokehouse burger for $6.99. The burger came with provolone cheese, bacon, onions BBQ sauce on a sesame seed bun. You can make it a doublestack for $2.00 more.  Thank goodness I didn't, this burger was huge!  What I loved about it was that it was an explosion of flavors.  Thick cut bacon, sweet BBQ, perfectly carmelized onions and a thick patty.  I added on fries which was really simple yet super good.  I've always had a thing for the shoestring type.  These fries were nice and crispy and had just the right amount of salt.With the added fries and a drink my total, with tax, came out to $9.48.  ***If you check in on Yelp, you get 10% off your entire bill.  The girl taking my order was cordial. Nothing amazing. East Coast Eats is a nice, quaint place. There's autographed jerseys all over the restaurant and 3 TVs playing sports. I like the dark hardwood floors and cherry wood table combination. Overall, this place is clean and simple.  It wasn't busy but totally understandable as it was a Monday.East Coast Eats is your typical Boston pizza joint that happens to serve everything under the sun: calzones, pasta, subs, burgers. I do recommend the smokehouse burger.  Great Sunday grub if you're in the Valle Verde area.
4	This place was recommended from a co worker.  A bunch of us from work went to check it out.  It's located next to the Kohls.  The menu is massive! So much to choose from.  I decided on the Chicken Parm sandwich.  It was amazing.  A little messy but cooked perfect.  The menus does have a lot fried stuff but they have some healthy alternatives as well.  It was funny because we all order fried food and then went back to the office.  If you are in the area go check this place out. Just remember you have a bunch of items to choose from!  Cheers!
4	I am an East Coaster and I definitely miss the food. I found this little gem months ago and have been waiting to try a few things from their menu before writing a review. Unfortunately, I can't get past the steak bomb. It is seriously perfection in sandwich form. The steak bomb is like a Philly cheese steak, but not. It is served on a soft hoagie roll. There is ooey gooey cheese melted on the inside of the bun. Then there is minced up steak overfilling the bun. There are chunks of onions, mushrooms, and peppers mixed in. I normally wouldn't like a sandwich like this in theory, but it is unbelievable. Everything works so well and seriously just melts in your mouth. I haven't been able to try anything else! It is so large that I split it with my husband and we both leave happy. We usually also split an order of fries, which aren't my favorite. I wish they made their own fries. The fries are clearly frozen and are often a bit soggy and oily instead of crispy. This place is also not known for service, I have had some OK experiences and some not so great experiences, but since it is designed to be a walk up counter it is tolerable. I get that they are from the Boston area, but a little customer service would go a long way. They do have a quite extensive menu, but you won't be disappointed with the steak bomb!
3	The food is good, but not excellent. Portions were off, one plate had a lot of fish the other had almost none. Prices are up there unless you want something simple. There is no atmosphere at all.  Easy to park, easy access to the restrooms. The staff was friendly enough.  I am a little snobby when it comes to seafood. I come from the East Coast, I am used to Cape Cod so this wasn't impressive to me.  Good food. It's clean and good just kinda pricey for such a casual place.
3	I was craving a good sandwich today, Yelped to see what was close. I looked up East Coast Eats menu and ordered some take-out.Whoever placed my order via phone was very helpful when I said it was my first time trying their food. I'm one of those patrons that always like hearing responds or reactions from their employees. No matter how much they try to promote everything, you can usually always tell from their voice or expression of face what they truly think. " Is ____ good? If there's a moment of hesitation, I don't order it. It's always been my rule.When I asked what I should try, she immediately said the Steak Bomb. It's their version of a philly cheese steak and it was great. Green peppers, lots of cheese, onion, lots of meat, and I think the roll made it, don't really know why. Good recommendation.The meatball sub was OK. Kind of bland compared to Capriotti's meatball sandwich. Sweet potato fries were great, and the tater tots covered with cheese, bacon, and chives were...well... how can that not be good tasting? Loads of greasy calories, but tasty!! Lol. All their portions were very generous, subs were huge, even the fries and tater tots, you definitely could save it for another meal. Or two.Prices were decent, just as much as the food. As much as I loved their steak bomb sub and generous portions, I'd have to give it 3 or 3.5 stars overall. Just felt like I could get this decent food at many other places.
1	Absolutely terrible service. We went there thinking that this would be a nice quick place to pick up dinner on the way home from work. We ordered a grilled chicken wrap and watched for thirty minutes as the employees spent that time talking amongst themselves and making their own dinners. Mediocre food, horrible service never going back.
5	I have been to East Coast Eats many times over the past 6 months and each visit has been extraordinarily enjoyable.  From the friendliness of the staff to the wide range of menu items to the cleanliness of the establishment to the value for the prices this is an excellent place to dine for lunch or dinner.  I especially enjoy the tuna sandwich, both the garden salad and the chicken caesar salad and even the hamburgers are plump and juicy.  Although it is clear from the decor the place is operated by passionate Boston sports fans I had the same outstanding experience whether I dress incognito or wear my New York Yankees t-shirt!  The food and the service is consistent and those are two of the most important factors I use in deciding whether a place is a one time wonder (or wonder why) or a place I will return to time and again.  East Coast Eats is part of my weekly routine!
4	This is such a great small mom and pop store! East Coast Eats has a big selection of foods from New England seafood, selection I roast beefs, hot subs, burgers, sandwiches, pizzas, pastas, and so much more~ the dining area is very clean and decorated with sports memorabilia. The place is ran by girls who had great customer service. We ordered the Steak Bomb $8.99 , cheese sweet potato tater tots, and a basket of fries. I was impressed with the steak they were grilling, nice and red....looked and tasted really fresh. The cheese tots were also good, great combination of sweet and salty and oozy cheese on top. Great place to stop by for a good, quality meal :)
4	Although we live on the opposite side of town, my boyfriend and I ventured out late this morning solely to try the little-neck clams.  They were excellent, exactly what I remember from growing up in New England.  The owner Greg was freindly and genuinely interested in providing an authentic experience for me, a native New Englander, and Jim a native of Las Vegas.  We will return for sure to explore the extensive menu.  So happy one of my customers told me about this place.  It's casual and the staff is helpful and friendly.
5	Stop by once a week always to great food and great service.  Food is just like back home. This is my substitute instead of traveling home. I recommend this to all my friends. Stop by and grab some great grub.
5	Stop by once a week always to great food and great service. Food is just like back home. This is my substitute instead of traveling home. I recommend this to all my friends. Stop by and grab some great grub. Clams better then the clam box in Ipswich mass. And better roast beef then kings and bill and bobs.
5	I've been eating East Coast Eats since they've opened (over a year now). In my opinion they have the best seafood in town. Freshly delivered weekly from Ipswich Mass. Not only is their seafood amazing, everything is as good as it gets, hence the 5 star rating. Amazing seafood, pizzas, calzones, salads, pastas, wings, sandwiches, and even burgers... Ive tried about everything on their menu and have yet to be disappointed. In fact, I've been overwhelmed whenever I try something new off of their menu, which is quite a large menu. There is something for everyone. I highly recommend their fried clams, haddock sandwich, tater tot cheese fries, and their steak bomb sandwich. All of which is..... TO DIE FOR!! Not only is their food amazing, the employees are very friendly and Greg, one of the owners, is a great guy with an awesome personality. So if you find yourself in the Henderson/ Green Valley area check out East Coast Eats for authentic East coast food, I gaurentee you will not be disappointed, you will be blown away by their amazing food.  ---Kevin
1	My family and I went there for lunch recently. The place was the most disorganized eatery I have ever been in. It took two tries for the help to figure out which register to use and it all went downhill from there. The food was brought out in waves and a long black hair was found in my onion rings. The waitress took them back and never replaced them with a fresh order. My husband's order came out about twenty minutes after our orders came out.  The cook brought the order to our table and blamed the disorganization on the counter help. The food was just okay. One waitress walked into the men's room in error, so I wonder what was wrong with her. The payoff was the cook coming back to the table at the end of the meal to accuse me of not paying the entire check. It is an order, pay and wait restaurant so the order should have been charged at the time when it was originally placed. The cook was very aggressive and out of control. Overall, the restaurant did not appear clean and I saw the cook eating and feeding himself while preparing other orders.  I will never return to this place and would not recommend it to anyone.
2	Ehh ok food , horrible customer service
5	OK, I am posting a "preliminary" review, as I only tried their pizza. Clean, welcoming, and casual ambiance with Bostonian pride--lots of New England sports memorabilia! Must also add the Bostonian accent you will hear from the chef behind the counter! Very friendly guy.I like the pizza menu a lot, since they give you many options with or without tomato sauce!  I tried the signature steak bomb pizza with Alfredo sauce. Beautiful crispy crust that won't leave your hands soaked in grease! I highly recommend it and rank it five star!I reserve my right to come back later to edit/update my review when I have a larger and more representative sample size! But, a great first impression.
1	A place where the food looks amazing but the taste doesn't match it's appearance. I had the steak bomb, the meat was very bland but the cheese flavor owned the entire sandwich... No balance. My husband had the meatball sub, you're better off buying the frozen meatballs from Costco if you want a mediocre meatball sub. The fries are very cafeteria like.. Not worth it and will not be back.
1	Never again. Steak bomb was bland, no seasoning whatsoever. The chips were the best part of the fish & chips equation. Wow I think they need to call Robert Irvine so they can be featured on his show. I wonder do the owners or the cooks for that matter taste the food they serve. Friendly staff though.
5	Love this place, especially the meat balls, Greek salad and pizza!.  Great place to eat!
3	Pretty good. The family and I stopped in for dinner. I got the grilled pastrami, wife got the steak bomb, and the kids got chicken strips and chicken wings w/ fries. Grill pastrami sandwich was good (great w/ spicy mustard and mayo). My wife liked the steak bomb and had to take half home. Chicken wings were good and the chicken strips were juicy.  Service was ok and we were asked a few times if there was anything else they could get for us, but you could tell they didnt want to be there. While I wasn't knocked off my feet I'd still go back.
4	The lights are back on! East Coast Eats has reopened and is back in business.  This time with new owners, staff and cooks. So far prices about the same. Menu items are on a smaller scale.  Owner said they are the same recipes kept and used from previous ECE and will keep adding to the menu.  Good thing because I was missing the fried haddock that I primarily went here for. So that's the first thing I got! The Fried Haddock is under the section of subs, sandwiches and burgers.   It's served in a basket open faced with slightly toasted bun, 4 filets on one side, lettuce, tomatoes and onions on the other. Slices of lemon and a creamy tartar sauce served on the side. The fish was light,flaky,mild flavor, and fresh, no fish odor to it . Still the same batter used, light coating,slight crisp, golden brown. Very light on the seasonings used, (hardly any salt)  which is fine by me because you don't want to overpower it with flavor when you use their creamy tartar sauce. For me it's the best fried Haddock evah!! At least around Henderson!Sweet Potato fries order was a huge portion. Got a basket full. Hot, moist sweet potato, crisp outside layer. Got to also try the clam chowder. It's New England style, a light cream soup,had a lot of clams and soft chunks of potatoes in every spoonful.  It hit the spot! Same casual place. It's cleaned up and the whole place just has a fresher look.  Order and pay at counter and food is brought out to you. Oh! The soda fountain is different..it's self serve now.   Cherry wood tables and chairs, simple decor with East coast sports memorabilia hanging on the walls, Menu above the counter though is hard to read!  Either the print is real small or I need new glasses. Lucky they had their to-go menus handy.  Owners and staff are friendly and are just as happy and excited as the regulars who were having lunch there again.  They welcomed input and feedback from those were dining in.  I'm just happy I can count on ordering some good fried haddock again!
1	Wah.  Wah-heh-heh-heh.  I just wanted a place with good comfort food -- good pizza, good chicken fingers, a good cheese steak.   And East Coast Eats failed.This place is frighteningly mediocre.  Seriously.  C'mon East Coast Easts!  You're in a town with a Capriotti's!  Step up your game.  Your cheese steak is bland.  Your pizza is tasteless.  Your chicken fingers . . . at least they're fried.I guess I'm not shocked.  Most Boston food is bland and uninteresting.  And this place advertises itself as a Boston eatery.  It's dull, it's bland, it's Boston.After meeting some of the people working here, I feel bad.  This place offers great customer service and good energy, but the food is just so bad I can't eat here again.
5	Love the fried haddock sandwich!
1	We've ordered from here 4 times in the year since we moved to Henderson. All 4 times have been full of meh... This last time I've finally decided no more. It's probably been a few months at least since we've ordered so when I called they had a new menu. I wanted wings and some fried shrimp... Well it's never that easy. The menu changed and apparently no one knows what to do as usual. Woman on the phone took multiple times to get the order correct then said deliver or pickup, I said pickup... Do you want me to call back with the total price? Well why don't you have it right away???? The menu went from a 3 page foldout to a 1 page print that someone did at the UPS Store... It says wings but not how many but of course the price is there! Great location but waste of space. Get it together guys.
3	Fried Haddock is still the same as before, flaky with a mild flavor, it's not overly seasoned. I thought there was some modifications in the menu though. Some of the prices have been raised. Mostly in the seafood selections.  Seafood plates are three dollars more if you want the fish and chips. I thought paying 12.99 was already pushing it before. Well good thing they do offer a seafood only basket for 12.99 but I feel shortchanged seeing the portion size is smaller than what was served before. You can see the difference from all the previous photos taken then and now. -- Minus 2 Stars from my original ratingThe better value is just ordering the sandwich that's still under ten dollars and for three dollars more you get fries and a drink.  Big props goes for their wall dedicated to Rebel pride and supporting local high schools!  -Plus Star
3	East Coast Eats has upped its game and become a decent pizza/sandwich/comfort food spot.  If you live around Valle Verde and 215, this is a solid take out choice.I visited earlier in 2012 and the food was just unpleasant.  Word is they've been tinkering with their recipes, so I stopped back in to test out the menu again.  They have made some nice changes.The pizza's got a nice, crispy crust and a decent pizza sauce.  Not a bad pizza if this is the closest pizza shop.  A step above Pizza Hut and Dominoes.  If you like onions and peppers on your pizza, though, they are a little over-roasted here.  That said, it's tasty enough and the crispy, slighty thicker crust works.As for the fried foods, thumbs up!  The chicken fingers were excellent.  Tender chicken under tasty breading.  Seems easy enough to do, but I've been surprised how many places can screw it up.  So good job on the chicken fingers, East Coast Eats.  The haddock sandwich was also tasty.  It was a good piece of fish, well-breaded with fresh veggie toppings and a hearty bread.  It also came with a nice slide of coleslaw (light and not too creamy).  East Coast Eats has blossomed into a decent comfort food spot and a decent place to grab food on your way home.
5	In 15 years of living in Las Vegas this is one of only three places in Las Vegas that sells real whole belly Ipswich fried clams.  These are the real deal.  They serve up a fisherman's platter that is awesome - you can choose from whole clams, haddock, shrimp, scallops, or clam strips.  The platter comes with fries and cole slaw for about $22 and it is worth every penny.  You can get the seafood only basket for less money, too, but for me the meal is the best deal.   It's large enough for two to eat with plenty of fries and also some onion rings.   The clam chowder is also excellent.  I may get brave and buy a pizza some day, but so far I am stuck on the seafood.   It's a casual place not a real sit down restaurant - you order at the counter and you can dine in.  There are TVs on the walls tuned to various sports channels if you're into that sort of thing.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  I've been there three times in the last 30 days and I want to go back again soon.
3	Hubby and I came here before a trip to Kohl's.  We had a coupon from that little coupon booklet that comes in the mail periodically.  It was for a free soda and fries  with purchase of a sandwich.  We had wanted to try this for a while so this coupon was the push that we needed lol. The decor was bright, laid back, and sports-themed with some sports memorabilia and photos around the shop, and 2 flat-screened tv's with games on.  Plenty of seating.  We received a friendly greeting right away and were told about the specials.  You place your order at the counter, choose a seat, and they'll bring you the food. There are so many menu options for one little place - pizza and pasta, seafood, sandwiches, etc.  We noticed that the prices seemed a little high because you have to add fries and a drink to the sandwiches.  I ordered a plain grilled cheese, added tots (I like this option) and a fountain soda; my husband ordered roast beef and got the fries and a fountain drink for free.  With the free order of fries and a free drink we still paid 18 bucks for this simple meal.  We didn't try any pasta dishes but we noticed that the pasta prices were pretty steep.  Although pasta dishes come with garlic bread and a side salad, they're still more than Olive Garden where you get seated, place your order at the table, and get unlimited salad and bread.   I'm not trying to compare apples and oranges - only demonstrating the value or lack thereof.  My husband really enjoyed his roast beef and my grilled cheese hit the spot.  I think it was swiss and cheddar.  I liked the tots and both tots and fries were huge portions.  This is good, greasy, comfort food and definitely does not disappoint if that's what you're in the mood for.  But I just don't think the prices match the type of restaurant this is.  The value isn't there for us now but I like the concept and the restaurant is nice, so we'll give it another shot to try the pizza and pasta dishes at a later time.
5	Found this place in zip code coupon book and decided to try it!!It was fantastic great staff and great food at a reasonable price .We had seafood plater and it was great !!!!!!!
5	Had their haddock and it's the best haddock we've had since we moved to Las Vegas over 10 years ago. Reminded us of the fresh haddock we used to enjoy when we lived back East.  Will certainly be back.  So glad we found this place.
4	This place improved since new owners took over.
5	I had a fabulous haddock platter that came with fries, onion rings, and really good homemade tarter sauce and coleslaw. Big portions so plan to take home. Nice family run place with cool atmosphere and good service! Will be back again soon to try lobster roll and clam chowder!
2	Food was about average, the service was good, but the portions were tiny. Only got 6 shrimp for 10 bucks, had to eat something else I was still hungry. Definitely wouldn't recommend.
4	I'm really tough to please when it comes to seafood. This place has the best fish n chips in town. The atmosphere is simple and there is nothing special about the decor.The menu is simple and easy to read. You order at the counter and sit while waiting for your food. I was a little put off when I signed my receipt and it had a spot for a tip. A tip is for customer service. Standing at a counter ringing up orders is not service. It is an insult to ask for a tip.The food was really good but really expensive. My wife ordered the clam strip plate, which came with clam strips, fries, two onion rings, and some cole slaw. I ordered the haddock plate. Bothe plates were great! The haddock and clam strips were moist and well flavored with a light and flakey batter. The onion rings were spectacular. The cole slaw was creamy and well spiced. The fries were, well, fries, nothing out of the ordinary. Our bill came to $33 for lunch. While the portions are huge, there is no lunch menu or smaller sizes to order. This price would be reasonable in a seafood restaurant with a waiter but not in a hole in the wall place with plastic forks.As good as the food is, I'm not sure I will return unless they come up with a smaller and less expensive lunch menu. Once again, GREAT food but WAY too expensive.
4	My finding East Coast Eats is a good example of why yelp is so great.  I've driven by this place probably a hundred times.  We've only been to the Kohl's that is in the same shopping center once.  But, I knew I was going to be in the area running errands, so I used the nearby feature of the yelp app and found this place.  Very glad I did.  I arrived around 11:20 knowing I would have to wait until it opened at 11:30.  I was not the only one early, which is a good sign.  The place is very clean and well organized, and there are a lot of TVs.  It's not huge, but they maximize space well and there is plenty of seating.To eat, I had the Boston roast beef.  This is incredible.  Shaved so thin (maybe the thinnest roast beef I've ever seen) and tender.  The flavor is textbook beef, this will make you forget your nearest Arby's exists.  I would buy it by the pound.  I got the large version, which comes on a soft yet hearty onion bun with cheese, mayo and sauce.  Again, the sauce is a much better version of the "Arby's sauce."  This was an incredible roast beef sandwich, and filling.The fries were typical fries you get at any number of pizza places or small shops in the valley.  Nothing special.  I was impressed when the person taking my order admitted to me that the French fries and onion rings were the only items they don't make homemade at East Coast Eats.  This in no way will affect the frequency with which I return, and I certainly appreciated him being up front about it.The service was great, and even though I was the first person of the day and the kitchen wasn't humming yet, I received my order in less than 10 minutes.  Highly recommended, can't wait to try the steak bomb...
5	By far the BEST clams and service! They may even beat Ipswich's own Clambox.. Yes better than that!This place makes my day ANYTIME I go. I come from a fishing family from the north shore of Mass... I can't believe how fresh their food is
3	This place is A-OK in my book!  We called in our order to pick up. The lady was so friendly and helpful.  She asked me if I had any coupons...  rare that I didn't have one.  I asked her where I could get one and she told us Smith's had coupons on the back of their receipts.  Before my husband went to pick it up, I found an old receipt!  Score!  $5 off of 20.  Nice!  There is also 25% off if you check in with Yelp. I found this afterwards... I can always use it next time. When he picked up our dinner, great service from her in person!   We love that!I tried the Chicken Bomb Sandwich.  It had everything on a sandwich that I love... mushrooms, peppers, onions and chicken! Yum! I also got a side of their Clam Chowder.  (Also a fav of  mine!) The sandwich was stuffed with all of the ingredients. The mixture was very tasty.   The roll, however, was very soggy.  Maybe it would've been different if we ate there. I would have added a star if it was toasted. Just this yelpers opinion.  The Clam Chowder was delicious!  It had a great creamy flavor that actually could have filled my stomach on it's own.  My husband ordered Boston's Own Roast Beef 2 way (sauce and cheese).  He added the french fries for a complete meal.  He enjoyed the sandwich. 'A good sandwich, not a great sandwich'... his words.  The fries were ok.  Good but nothing special about them. Overall we will try different items on the menu next time. It was mentioned by Shirley to try the haddock.  That will be my next order.  Since they are so close to our home, it makes it an easy dinner fix!
5	I heard about this place and I will admit I was a bit skeptical.  Being an East Coaster, I haven't found whole belly clams or haddock anywhere in LVIt's a pretty small place in a strip mall. The people there were very friendly. I could tell the manager wasn't from the East Coast but I stayed anywayMy big test is the fried clams.  When they came out, OMG. They are the real deal! Whole bellies, very fresh, perfectly cooked. All I was missing was the beach and ocean air! I would definitely recommend this place to my fellow people from the other side of the country. And to all of you who have never had the pleasure of having a whole belly clam, it's amazing. You will never want those nasty clam strips again...On top of all this goodness, they have a Yelp check in deal.I will be back for the Haddock if I don't give into the temptation of the clams.
5	Outstanding haddock and whole belly clams. Not sure why the word "fish" doesn't appear on the outside window. The only improvement would be the tartar sauce: much too runny.
4	Been in Vegas for 20 years and I really really love the fried full belly clams that I am use to and have not been able to find on the west coast but for 21$ , I think it's a bit much especially when some are the strips? A true New Englander knows but loving them I would have them again maybe 6 months! If the portions were better, there would be a line from here to Boston!
4	Ordered the fried clams with the bellies. Was very good except for the necks, couldn't chew them. Very tough. Maybe they didn't remove the black skin from the necks. BF got the steak bomb. Was great!Pasta dishes pricey.
5	East coast eats was at our dealership findlay toyota and I tried their food and it was so delicious. I had to come to there restaurant. Great place to get a hot sub!!! Steak bomb is the bomb. Lol. Great sports and family atmosphere. And very nice staff. If you haven't tried them yet you should.
5	I can't believe it's taken us so long to find this place!  We are from Boston and we miss our fried clams and roast beef.  We have pretty high standards, so having been here in Vegas for as long as we have, we were hopeful, but didn't want to get too excited.  Well let me tell you they have hit the nail on the head here.  My husband and I got the jr. beef and a combo fish plate with whole belly clams, haddock and scallops.  Oh. My. God.  They are delicious!  The seafood is fresh and the batter is UNBELIEVABLE!  I can tell you the batter is so good it beats Kelly's.  Anyone from the Boston area knows what this means. The roast beef is delish too, but the bun doesn't compare to the grilled goodness of Kelly's.  But to be able to order a Jr beef with sauce is like being home again.  It was yummy.   We will DEFINITELY be regulars here and I highly recommend it to anyone from the east coast or the Northeast that misses their fried clams and roast beef. :)  100% worth the trip.
2	Food was good however over priced. Ordered the combination plate for 21.99, got two pieces of shrimp, two 2"x 2" pieces of haddock, and a cup of clam strips and french fries. My girl friend ordered the fettuccini, it had good flavor however very runny almost soup ish. Staff was very pleasant.Other reviews say sandwiches are good this was my first time. And probably my last visit for $40 still a little hungry.
1	The fish fry tastes like nothing from the east coast, the fish was inedible for 13.00? Not crisp, soggy & greasy as hell. Cole slaw was sub par. Tartar sauce is s*it. I really wish it was better, because, just once I'd like a good fish fry like back home. It's clean, like a clean bar. Without the booze. I won't be going back :(
5	I ordered a 16" pizza with meatballs and roasted green peppers... Best pizza I've ever tasted in my life! I can never have Pizza Hut or dominos ever again lol. Great price too!I noticed that they do custom orders too. Someone ordered a calzone and it's not on the menu, but they made it and it looked amazing. My boyfriend asked if they make garlic knots, and the server said that they can custom make it even if it's not on the menu. Excellent service right there! :) definitely recommend this place!!
5	We sampled just about everything.  Fried clams and the clam chowder were awesome. They have small versions of their popular sandwiches if you are up for ordering a few things...like I did. Best part though was the staff. Very friendly, great with the little ones, and brought out samples of things we hadn't ordered. Can't wait to go back.
2	Am from the east coast so I tried the small lobster roll.  For $7.95 I got celery and onion on a hotdog bun and needed a magnifying glass to find the lobster.  DEFINITELY not worth the money!!
4	Had the cheeseburger and clam chowder. Delicious and good price! They delivered pretty fast. Great service. Looking forward to trying more.
5	I LOVE,LOVE,LOVE this place off of 215 & Valle Verde! I always get the Roast Beef sandwich and its ALWAYS good. Comparable to Billy's Roast Beef and Kelly's in MA. The only place here in Vegas where I can get my roast beef craving fulfilled. Customer service is top notch too. Thumbs up on this one
5	It's my second time here, and they went above and beyond my last visit, which was also phenomenal! Not only did they hook us up with free drinks and and two small lobster rolls for the price of a large, we asked them for garlic knots (not on the menu)...... and they gave us garlic braids!! Words cannot express how amazing those garlic braids were. The staff is so friendly and accommodating, and they're willing to make you anything with the ingredients that they have, even if it's not on the menu. If you want good food and good times and great service, you gotta try this place! :)
5	I never been to the east coast but if food taste like this over there...I might consider moving. We ordered a steak bomb, chowder and a roast beef 3 way. Everything was heavenly n comforting. Great hangover food if I may add lol. Portions were good. LOVE the clam chowder. That alone will make me a regular customer. Gf also said service was friendly.  A++
5	12/24/13 First time here today ... Off the bat, the staff was friendly and very helpful upon entering. Ordered a Steak Bomb, Clam Chowder, and a Junior Roast Beef Sandwich, Three-Way (Mayo, Cheese & BBQ Sauce) to-go. Everything was amazing! Simple but quality is there. Portions are pretty big for a decent price! Definitely coming back to try the rest of the menu! :)
5	Service: excellent. The waitress and the cashier were very friendly, comped us drinks, and checked on us regularly. Now when I say friendly, i mean to say prepare yourself for energy, and lots of people with warm friendly demeanor. Also, THEY ARE NOT AFRAID TO MAKE SECRET MENU ITEMS. garlic knots were not on the menu, but they made garlic braids. This was a bit of a surprise and a bit different from my childhood memories, but it was excellent nonetheless. Mind you, this was Christmas eve. Most people would loathe the idea of working on a holiday, but these guys are fun all year round.Food: great!!- The garlic braids had the prefect crispy to chewy ratio. The sauce felt like my childhood, acidic but awesome. They also gave us whipped garlic butter. Nothing to say here. Simple dish. Amazing price. Superb delivery.- The lobster roll just about met my expectations. The lobster wasn't too chewy and it was served on a toasted bun. It felt kind of weird eating lobster in vegas, but they pulled it off.- The pizza went well with my braids. The cheese was a nice melty consistency, and the peppers were sweet. The meat balls were very nice. The crust didn't feel exactly as crispy as im used to but it was good pizza nonethelessMy overall comment is: GO HERE. What else do you need other than great food and great service?
5	Great all around..The food was great and the menu has a good mix of thing's..food is also made fresh which is very nice
5	AWESOME roast beef!  That alone would be enough to go back but on top of that, the service (whether the owner or not) is excellent, the bread is fresh, there is diet Dr. Pepper from their fountain, the fries are excellent, and the other sandwiches are awfully good too but the roast beef is AWESOME.
4	Ok...I only  gave 4 stars  today because they just fell short of 5  if they could have upped the quantity of the fried clams.   I went here for lunch today as I am a New Englander now just relocated to the Las Vegas area.   When you first walk in it is a basic family restaurant but adorned with Boston area sports pics.I was intrigued that they had whole belly clams which are difficult to find outside of the New England states. I ordered the lobster roll and to my dismay they were out.  However the owner Kathy realizing my dismay said well your drink is on us today.  Great customer service!  I then went all clamy...so to speak. ..I had a cup of the clam chowder,   a side salad and then the whole belly clam basket. First, the salad was fresh and served with dressing that you can add on your own if you are counting calories.   Another reason for the stars.  The clam chowder even though served in a Styrofoam cup tasted of the ocean and was full of chopped clams, a little potato and spiked with bacon.   A classic New England clam chowder if well made always tastes like the ocean and the clams are the stars not the milk.   They nailed it! !  The whole belly clams were lightly breaded and then delicately fried to a pale tan brown. My only complaint is that for $17.99 I wish their were more clams but they were fresh and never frozen so I happily parted with my money.  The freshness of  their food is the result of their daily air shipments of seafood. Then the owner Kathy went to every table to check on their food service and when she knew I was a new resident introduced herself and made recommendations for my next visit.   Good food plus customer service equals me as a returning customer.  I say support this local establishment!
4	Stopped in Friday and had their large roast beef sandwich. Overall it was good. I was in uniform after work and they were so awesome they gave my family a lot of free food and a discount!! Didn't even ask for a discount which was awesome! Went back the next day with a bunch of buddies who all loved the food. I had the Philly and half a hot pastrami. Both sandwiches were awesome.  Going back for sure. Didn't give it 5 stars because it does take a while, but expected because the food is made to order.
5	Always great food! Always great service!  The owner always greets us with a smile when we walk in.  Always remembers us and makes sure everything is perfect.
4	I finally got around to using my LivingSocial coupon a couple days before expiration. After agonizing over the menu while the cashier helped another customer and loaded the ice compartment of the soda machine, I finally was able to decide on some items that nearly matched my coupon value.I ate the Steak Bomb ($8.99) first. It's basically their take on a Philly cheesesteak and has provolone cheese, peppers, mushrooms, and onions. It arrived very hot off the grill. I enjoyed the savory flavor, but it was lacking one or two additional levels of flavor and some juicy or creamy sauce. I could still see myself ordering it again if I ever came back.I also had the junior roast beef sandwich ($4.99) three ways, which still isn't a joke in portion size. It was a little better since there was a creamy horseradish sauce, mayo, and American cheese. The beef wasn't all-around tender, but at least you know you're not eating Arby's. I would probably take this instead of the Steak Bomb just on the basis of price.Overall, seems like a tasty local spot as evidenced by the mostly older demographic at lunch. Not a drive-across-town destination though.Lastly, some comments about the decor. They boast about their Boston origins and have various pictures and things on the wall related to Boston sports teams, the UNLV cheer squad, and a local high school, but the first thing I saw when I walked in was the 49ers jersey and a 2013 Super Bowl poster. I couldn't figure out who #6 was, but I found out that there's a little plaque on the frame that says Mike Cofer. Looked him up and found out that he was a kicker on the 1988 and 1989 Super Bowl teams (a little before my time) and that he's been a Henderson resident for quite a while now. Maybe I would have come out here sooner if I'd known!
4	I liked this place, especially the owner. This small, sit-down sandwich shop has good potential. Pros: Food was fresh and not the typical Sysco product. Service was fantastic, perhaps the most memorable part. Everything was clean & the kitchen ran pretty smoothly to get the orders out quickly.Cons: -The pricing was on the higher end of lunch sandwich shops. Two basic sandwiches & fries would of come out to almost $25 had I not have a coupon. It's hard not to compare every sandwich shop to Subway although I am sure there is more quality to be had at this restaurant.-Another thing was the healthy aspect. Each menu item wanted to give my cholesterol a kick & there wasn't an offered choice of wheat bread either.Overall, I found the place to be decent but not preferred
5	The fried belly clams and haddock tasted like they came straight out of Cape Cod bay!  The batter and quality of the seafood is as good as any restaurant in New England.  My only complaint is that they do not have stuffed quahogs on their menu!
5	SO GOOD! I have had dreams about the whole belly clams since eating here.... Plus, if you don't see something on the menu- just ask! The owner said she'd put the clams on a pizza if we wanted (My mouth is WATERING right now). The roast beef is delish too! Need to go again soon :)
4	The hubby and I came here to get a taste of our old home, Boston. We ordered the typical Boston eats - a lobster roll, a roast beef sandwich, and clam chowder. None disappointed, they were pretty good and had an authentic Bahston style.  My only complaint was the portion sizes, I think living in Boston got me accustomed to more generous servings of lobster. Oh, and the onion rings - not a fan. Also, if you know anything about the bean town it's that they love their sports, so expect walls full of Celtics, Bruins, and of course Red Sox memorabilia. Also, this is a fast food place. They are friendly at the register, but don't expect they'll check on you once you've gotten your food. (Oh how I don't miss that Boston customer service!)
4	Try the steak bomb, don't believe me... It's delicious!  Generous portions and fair prices as well as flown in fresh seafood.
4	Amazing!  4 stars all the way....I want to start by saying I wanted to try this place because of a yelp review from a pretty decent yelp reviewer.Fantastic!!!! This place is legit, one of the best hole in the wall joints in Henderson.No reservation required, just walk in and order up. Ordering the Clam chowder and the Steak Bomb I was pumped to get some of this grub into Maa Belly. These did not disappoint, the Clam Chowder was hands down freakin amazing, I nearly licked the cup it was that good! As for the Steak Bomb, Boom! This steak sandwich was out of this world, with great steak chunks  and fresh bread I was pretty blown away!! If Your hungry and want a suggestion, get these two!Now where my experience got even better was the customer Service. Yeah the food was amazing but the service was outstanding. I had my 1 year old son with me, they had nice clean high chairs for him and played with him a little!!! Not only that, they made him some mash potato and blended up some veggies for him, it wasn't on the menu but they didn't even hesitate to make him something as well!!!! I believe this is real customer service, the staff were so nice to us that I would recommend them to anyone and everyone.I really hope they open in Summerlin, if they do I maybe there 6 out of 7 days a week. It's pretty close to the 215 for anyone coming from Summerlin.They have a East Coast Eats app. If you want to get stamps or send pictures etc grab it from your cell phone App Store!!Great Service and amazing food A strong 4 stars
4	We were greeted by the owners as soon as we came in. Very clean place. It didn't have that nasty dirty water smell either. The owners came to check on us while we ate. Had a very homey atmosphere.
5	I've really only had the lobster roll & it's awesome! My husband & boys have tried pretty much everything else to rave reviews but their favorites are the steak bomb, pizza & chicken fingers, medium spicy level. I'm happy whenever they want this place bc unlike most pizza/steak sandwich places, there's actually something on the menu that appeals to me!
4	Extra good food. Not excellent. 4 star,not 5 star. Lack of napkins,salt and pepper, catsup on each table leaves a lot be desired. A few dollars more expensive than similar places. Go for the roast beef, pizza,  chicken parmesan sandwich requires that you come with your hunger. You'll leave stuffed,
4	The service was great. Super helpful and friendly kid at the cash register. Got the rosy beef. Sauce was delicious but when toast beef was by itself, no flavor at all. Like dirty dish water or something. The interior is very clean and they accommodated me near closing time which brings them up to 4 stars.
2	If you go here, stick with the roast beef sandwich only.  It is definitely worth the price of admission, but everything else I've had is sub par.  I ordered the meatball sub once and it was plain and boring, the meatball at subway is a notch better than this one without exaggeration.  Time before that I ordered the italian, I would avoid the italian at all costs, they should remove it from the menu, it tasted like a 7-11 bagged italian sandwich.  The hoagie bread was dry and flavorless, they gave me standard italian dressing for a salad to put on the sandwich to add some flavor, what a joke! Your better off ordering the italian at cappriottis or jersey mikes, both excellent, same goes for any other sandwich on the menu, but if your in the mood for a  roast beef sandwich go here, its excellent!
4	Another nice hidden foodie joint if you are ever in the area! Located just North off the Valle Verde Dr exit from the 215 freeway in Henderson, look for the Kohl's department store because its in the same complex.Inside you will find nice tables and chairs with all sorts of East Coast themed sports memorabilia and paraphernalia. Well except for the San Francisco 49er #6 jersey of Mike Cofer, who was a kicker. Huh? I asked the cashier and he said that dude is a good friend of the owner. He also lives in town. I dont get it but and the same time dont really care because I am a Seahawk fan. Yup. The 2014 Super Bowl Champs. Nuff said.Anyways, to the food. I decided to get the Yelp 10 for 7 dollar deal. With that I got the Steak Bomb ($8.99). I also added fries and a drink for 3 dollars more which seems like a good deal. If I didnt get the Yelp deal, I probably would have done the check in deal which was a free upgrade of fries and a drink to your order. I think the total would of been the same which came out to 11 and some change.The Steak Bomb is I would say about an 8 inch kaiser roll that has good sirloin meat, accompanied by grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms and topped off with provolone cheese. After the the first bite I can actually taste some kind of basil or rosemary seasoning which gave it bit of a flavor boost. Imo, it was pretty good but for some reason I think it could use some kind of sauce. The fries were ok.The people that were at the next table ordered the Lobster Roll and Clam Chowder. From the looks of it, it looked very enticing not to mention the smell. I think next time I will get the Clam Chowder for I havnt had good chowder since my days up in Seattle when I would frequent Ivar's.Service was outstanding. The same guy that took my order at the counter was also the same guy that brought my food out and asked me several times if everything was ok. Not only did we have a conversation about the 49er jersey on the wall, I come to find out that he is a Raider fan. Ouch. Good luck with that bro. Gotta give him props for sticking to his team like a true fan should.So bookmark this place and check it out if you were going to Kohl's for some shopping because shopping makes one hungry. Also they have gluten free pizza for you folks that are allergic.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #126 "How you like dem apples?"
4	I only go for the Lobster Roll and my wife only goes for the Roast Beef.  Both perfect New England style and delicious!The reason I don't give this place 5 stars is the fried foods.  I am generally a fan of clam strips but something about them here doesn't appeal to me.  I wasn't a fan of the fries either, and based on these two disappointments, I've been reluctant to try the other fried items.Fortunately, my diet already has enough fried food in it, so I'll just stick to the lobster rolls.  As another reviewer pointed out, for $15, this roll could be a bit bigger/more lobster, but it's worth every penny.  Every time I am near this restaurant, I stop in.
4	I can say that the New England clam chowder is some of the best I have had. I stop here to a from work. Roast beef and Philly sandwiches are large and filling. I have not have had the Lobster roll but I hear it insanely good. My next stop will include that review. Access to ECE is good. Staff is friendly. They also provided a drink while we waited. Big fan of that. You should try it. Not a big joint but cozy with great food.
2	CLOSED. GONE. Went back over the 4th of July weekend only to find lights out and the "Hours" sign saying CLOSED. Too Bad!
5	My 9 year old is a spaghetti and meatball  connoisseur and this was his all time favorite go to place. We are so very sad to see you close :(
5	Does anyone know what happened to this place? Why it closed? Every time I went it was crowded, and the food was awesome.  I know it has moved locations before, perhaps they're doing it again? I can't find any point of contact info in any case. This was my only place for east-coast Roast Beef hook-ups.  Anyone with any information at all? Thanks.
