4	I got married here and it was a good experience, especially the pre planning part. I coordinated and reserved everything online and got quick  responses from my "coordinator". We had a small ceremony with no guests and I wasn't into the extras. My only complaint is the picture process.... we were told and read reviews that this place has the best photographers. Now maybe we got screwed because we didn't have the big fancy ceremony, but dang some of the pictures were horrible and the photographer had us doing stupid poses... ack! Then when we received our pictures, the order was totally wrong we got doubles of some pictures and some were missed. Oh well!!
4	I got married here as well, and like Martine my only real complaint was the picture process. While the photographer was good, the dorky poses were awful. On top of that they prevented our friend from taking our own pictures with my nice SLR, and when it came down to it we were only allowed to pick 15 pictures from a selection of half from the 96 they took. Any extras were $10 and a CD with all of them cost more than the wedding itself. Great.
2	we jsut got married here recently and here is my experience:First off, i paid for our chapel pakage in fully 30 days before our wedding date.  The day before our wedding i get a phone call twice (we were napping when i missed their call)  saying we still owe them $300 something dollar and they would cancel our wedding reservation if we didn't call them back.  Which i did and low and behold their computer made a mistake and charged us extra so they gave an apology after threatening to cancel our ceremony.  Second, we told them that we didn't need a limo driver and asked them if they can subsitute the fact that we are not taking the limo driver with a couple more roses in my bouqet...which they said "NO".  How cheap can they bee!!!??? i'm not wasting their limo gas and yet they can't add a couple more flowers?Third...they said my guest could not take pictures because the photographer was taking pictures during the ceremony.  i have never been to a wedding where the guests could not take pictures.  that's just their way of making you spend $10 extra for every 4x6 picture you want that is not included in your package.  Also the wedding package came with the photographer, so why the hell do we have to tip the photographer???  they say it's advisable but they hand you an envelope for them at the end of your photo shoot with the "suggested" amount printed on it.  That just makes you feel obligated to give them a tip when you shouldn't (since you already paid for them in your package.)   overall the chapel was nice but it's still a vegas chapel  they will rip you off as much as they can.  save your money and go somewhere else!  i wish i did.
4	The COF made it soooo easy to tie the knot!There was no anxiety or anything like that, just direct, prompt sercive.The chapel itself was cute and quaint...No one had an attitude...Only issues, the limo was a bit late, but he called 3x with status updates (which was awesome).....and the minister was a little bit cheesy....he told James to buy me Tiffany's during the ceremony....clearly he doesn't know me; i buy JAMES Tiffany's!! haha :)Anyhow, it was great, and it was a lot of fun!!And it's pretty reasonable for having an actual wedding/ceremony!I recommend!xo-andrea
5	Just had my wedding last weekend, and despite the abnormal amount of guest (80) for a chapel like this, everything went very well. I was impressed with how our wedding coordinator (Courtney) handled everything from the first day we met with her, up until after the wedding. All of the staff, from planners to the limo drivers, are professional and friendly. I even tipped them a little more than the "suggested" amounts. I definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to get married in Vegas. You usually can't expect too much out of a Vegas wedding, since marriage is a business in that town, but Chapel of the Flowers helped make my wedding feel intimate and exclusive, even though there were 52 other weddings being held that same day! Overall, the process was seamless and I'm definitely glad we chose it.
3	This is certainly the nicest wedding chapel in Las Vegas. Everything was great except the total rip-off on the photos. The fast-talking wedding planner convinced us the $169 photo package was a great deal - we get a bunch of prints for that price. The photographer was great, he spent a lot of time with us and took over 100 photos. The next day we returned to pick out our prints. We see so many great photos that we want to get the disc, so we may have access to print as many as we want on our own, and to have the full catalog. The disc in $595!! I asked if we can apply the $169 towards that, and the answer is no. There were cheaper photo plans, which we should have gotten since we wanted the disc. I think they purposly mislead and confuse you, so you end up spending as much money as possible. My recommendation is to tell them upfront you want the disc, and get the cheapest photo package possible, and carefully review your package carefully and don't get too many extras. For example, a certified copy of the wedding certificate is several times more than what the city charges (just order one from city hall). The wedding planner is a master of the hard sell, so just be careful .
4	My friend just had her wedding last weekend here- so you will need to ask her how easy it is to work with them.  For me, I thought they did a great job of coordinating everything.  All seemed to run smoothly.  I just took a peek at the pictures and they were very georgeous.  This is my first "Vegas" wedding, but I felt it was very personal and we didn't run into too many other couples, even though they seemed to have a very tight schedule.  My only complaint would be that they wouldn't let us take any videos/photos in the ceremony.  They were very strict about it.Even though they wouldn't let you take pics, they had video cameras video taped the wedding so that they stream the wedding online- so all your loved ones that couldn't attend can watch it in real time.  I thought this was very cool!
4	Great location near the Stratosphere. Friendly staff. Lovely nondenominational ceremony. The bride & groom enjoyed every minute of their special day.
5	A co-worker recommended this chapel after eloping this spring. We checked the website out & decided to go with it. They make things super easy! Just decide what you want, give them your Credit card & it all happens.They totally make you feel like it's your special day. They were very organized. Our limo driver was on time & we got to the chapel early.  We had a funny minister & our photographer Vanessa was awesome! We just got the whole disc, since we couldn't possibly choose 23 photos out of over 150. All in all this was an awesome experience!
4	I had my secret 1st wedding here YEARS ago.  (long story... got in trouble for it then cuz I was 20 and he was 33... let's not go there.  Let's just say the marriage didn't last. lol) Nice place... very classical weddingish.  The photographer was great... my then groom and I had some beautiful photos taken of that day. :)
5	My husband and I were married in the Victorian Chapel at Chapel of the Flowers on Feb 12th. The staff was very nice and helpful! The chapel grounds are very pretty, lots of pretty scenery for pictures. My husband and I didn't have to worry about anything, we were picked up and led through the ceremony then straight to pictures. My bouquet was done so beautifully had 18 red roses (the package I had came with 6 roses but I wanted a huge bouquet so I bought a different bouquet 6 rose bouquet is very nice as well) with black ribbon. Everything ran so smoothly, I couldn't have asked for anything more. I was afraid that their fleet was going to be crappy since most of the chapels in Vegas have old limos and small itty bitty chapels but this place is just gorgeous. If you want to have a small wedding without the glitz and glam of Vegas then this is the place to do that!
5	I'm about to get married here in like 10 minutes, and therefore, I like it!
5	Chapel of the Flowers reviewsA Vegas wedding can go one of two ways: cheesy with an Elvis impersonator and drunken groomsmen, or beautiful and elegant. There's nothing wrong with plan A if that's your bag. But my wife and I decided to go the more traditional route. She found Chapel of the Flowers and we felt great right away. The grounds looked great, and the price seemed fair. We also liked how our friends and family back home could watch on the web with a live streaming webcast. From the start, we found the service outstanding. We were set up with a wedding planner as part of the regular service. Kassandra was available via email (phone, too - but we're on the east coast so email was easier) to answer questions about everything from the chapel to the tux. We were able to set up my tux rental with advice and help from the wedding chapel! It was great since neither of us had been through a Vegas wedding before. If you're considering a Vegas wedding, Chapel of the Flowers is the way to go. Here are some of things we loved:* My tux rental included a ride to the tux shop and back to the hotel* Her hair/make up was set up through the Chapel, and he came right to our room* The limo picked us up at our hotel, and included our guests (up to 8 people total)* The chapel is beautiful and elegant, and the folks running it are friendly* The minister (Jerry) helped us relax with humor and conversation* The limo took us to whatever destination we wanted (we asked for Paris but changed it to Harrah's with no issue)* The ceremony was streamed online for our friends and family to see* The photographer (Mike Bancel) was efficient, creative and very nice* Mike's pictures turned out amazing* Picking up the pictures the next day was convenient* The folks in the photography studio were friendly and great to work withWe feel like we had a fairy tale wedding on a doable budget. Anyone considering a Vegas wedding should talk to the great folks at Chapel of the Flowers.
5	I got married at this chapel on June 17th 2011. I have no complaints, as far as a Vegas chapel goes, I think this is the nicest! Everything went as planned and our minister made everything so personal, after just knowing us for 5 mins! Our pictures turned out great and I loved letting my family/friends watch online.
4	I call this place "The Wedding Factory" because that's exactly what it is.Despite performing dozens and dozens of ceremonies in a single day, you'd never really know that you're not special when you get married here. They really do a great job at personalizing it to your experience and it really is the most beautiful chapel to get married in in Vegas (despite some of the more expensive Casino chapels, I'm sure).Friends and family back home didn't have to miss the ceremony because they could watch it online! It was such a neat way to have everyone included but not actually in Las Vegas with us. If you don't go with the Chapel of the Flowers, make sure to pick a chapel that atleast offers online viewing, you won't regret it!The wedding planners were patient and informational and I'd get married here again in a heartbeat (but let's hope I don't have to)...   ;)Anyone can have a beautiful and not overly-cheesy wedding here at not much cost. Highly recommend.
5	When I booked my quickie wedding in Vegas (3 weeks prior to the date) I thought this place looked at least a bit classy for what I was referring to as my 'tacky Vegas wedding.' The mission at this chapel is "Intimate. Elegant. Legendary." - I thought how corny. But wow, I was so pleasantly surprised that this place was absolutely lovely and lacking all Las Vegas tack. Our wedding coordinator Brittany kept in good contact from booking to the wedding date and promptly answered all our questions. We booked the additional limo package as then-to-be hubby and I both had immediate family attending whom we didn't want worrying about transport. We also booked the Rose Photography Session with a Lifestyle Photographer.On our wedding day (May 30th, I know this review has been pending a while), the drivers picked us up exactly at the time we were told. Upon arrival we had two photographers capturing photos of us and our guests. The staff we so amazing.Our officiant Jerry then met with my then-to-be husband and chatted with us for a few minutes, then it was ceremony time! The ceremony was short and sweet (just as we wanted), and Gerry did an amazing job... he spoke as if he had known us for years. Danette and Shanna were our photographers; after my now-hubby and I were sorted after photos started with family shots on the grounds, before we continued on the Strip. One limo took some family home, and a few guests came in ours to the first photo location  where they were going to get a taxi and the driver graciously dropped them off (was no in the package). So nice of them.Danette and Shanna took amazing photos over the next couple of hours. They made it so fun and brought us to amazing locations (and we had a couple of tacky photos for giggles too). We attended the photo review session the next day and bought rights to all the photos. We were just floored by the quality. If you are looking for a nice little Vegas wedding this chapel can't be beat!
5	Okay so we're engaged, been a year, busy with work and we decide, lets go to Vegas, IN 3 weeks. Dress...check; suit...check; rings....check; great....now where to get married.Do we want Elvis and Cher as witnesses? Definitely not...We came across the website and found a REAL wedding chapel, ya know...flowers, people who care, a coordinator (Brittany) and 2 amazing make-up artist who made my bride look prettier than I have ever seen! (Thanks Glam Squad). And from the our limo driver, Tom to Minister Al, the wedding was perfect. AND 100% STRESS FREE. We had an incredible caring minister who really showed us he cared by giving us time and attention to personalize our ceremony (Minister Al) and then 2 beautifully talented photographers (Shanna and Pete) who gave us THE MOST AMAZING photos, spent time and an artists eye to ensure we both had shots that made us happy!!Definitely, if you plan to have an amazing wedding, just the two of you (like we did) or whether its a whole crowd, please visit the Chapel of the Flowers! You won't regret it!
5	This was the experience of a lifetime, thanks in part to a wonderful fiance, and the fantastic job Chapel of the Flowers did!!Not once did they let a question or concern go unanswered.  From the very initial phone call up until the photos were mailed, we were cared for and our every need was addressed.  Weddings can be massively stressful, and Chapel of the Flowers folks (from the planners, to limo drivers, to florists, to the ministers) are professionals who know how to make this day feel special and stress-free.Chapel Grounds and Appearance:  This place is an oasis of romance and elegance in the seedier part of Vegas.  Trust me, as your limo takes you past all of these nasty adult stores and creepy chapels, you might begin to think, "What on Earth did we get ourselves into?"  But then, you turn into a private, walled off section and it's this gorgeous, cobblestone driveway.  You see a Victorian chapel, and a more modern-looking chapel, a pristine white gazebo and a calming little brook.  It's really enchanting, and put our fears of a typical "cheesy" Vegas wedding to rest.  It's a beautiful little chapel.Staff:  Our wedding planner Brittany was with us every step of the planning process.  When you have a question, just e-mail them and within 48 hours, they always got right back to me.  She was informative, helped guide me to the package we desired but never got hardcore with the upsell.  Our limo driver was so fun!  I HIGHLY recommend the limo package that takes you to the marriage bureau- that alleviated a lot of stress for us (BUT I never got my single-stem rose the package promised... just now realized that)!  Get the limo service day of.  Again, it's one less thing to have to coordinate- PLUS they being snapping your photos as soon as you arrive and it's really fun to have those pictures happen in front of the limo :)Our minister was Jerry, who was very kind and mellow, and allowed our vows that we wrote.  He had just the right amount of reverence for marriage, the major commitment we were making, and also a teeny bit of sass for comedic relief :)   The ceremony was so perfect.  Photography:  We had two photographers, a "Lifestyle Photographer" who filmed the candid moments in black and white, and our regular photographer.  Both were A++ at their jobs- they took over 700 photos from start to finish, and almost all of them were worthy of hanging in a frame!!  I definitely recommend getting the "Lifestyle" package added- he caught a lot of fun candid moments and reactions from us as well as our family in attendance.  The photography was the reason we chose Chapel of the Flowers- and they did NOT disappoint!  Very, very high quality journalistic-type pictures.  SO HAPPY!!  The only minor disappointment was that we did not receive the correct enlarged 8x10 photos that we marked down as the ones we wanted.  They accidentally sent us 2 of the same, but we liked that one a lot, so we were okay with this little mix-up.Ceremony:  Not once, even though we were married on 11-12-11 and the Chapel was FULL, were we rushed or hurried.  We were treated sweetly, given water bottles and informed of what to do.  The ceremony was short and sweet- about 12 minutes long.  Flowers:  Again, BEYOND what I expected!  The rose colors are very limited (white, red or pink) unless you want to pay more.  I chose a 10-rose bouquet in white with a light purple ribbon, so that's what I expected.  Instead, I got a beautiful white rose bouquet with beautiful light purple lilies interspersed with the roses, and gorgeous greenery.  It felt like a true bride's bouquet rather than just a handful of rose stems and was obviously put together with caring and knowledgeable hands.  All of our wedding party's flowers came out beautifully.Extras:  We paid for gems in the bouquet (pretty, a little cheesy); a corsage for his mom (beautiful), the limo service to and from the marriage bureau (SO WORTH IT),limo service to and from the ceremony (WAY WAY worth it), and the extra trip to the Vegas sign for pictures (eh, not  really worth it.  You have to use your own camera, and you could do this yourself in a taxi for cheaper. Because it was night our cameras just didn't do it justice). Again- if you are looking for a BEAUTIFUL and sweet alternative to the expensive casino weddings, or want to stay away from the cheese, come here.  They will do you right!  It was such a wonderful experience, and we will be back in ten years to renew our vows :)
5	I cannot even begin to express my gratitude and love for this Chapel. The staff were beyond amazing! My husband and I are pretty positive we were given the best of the best here. Michelle, our wedding planner answered every email I sent (which had to have been over 30) calming my nerves and making sure every detail and special request was tended to. George, our limo driver, was right on time. He was friendly and personable and answered every question my crazy family and I threw at him. When I arrived at the chapel, Mercedes, our coordinator, met me right at the limousine. She took me inside and answered every last minute question I had. Then Tim, our minister, who we cannot stop talking about, came in and went over everything and let me know what would happen. I then met with our photographers (we hired a lifestyle photographer in addition to the one included in our package. i HIGHLY recommend doing this) I gave them a list of important poses i wanted and they went about and beyond fulfilling my wishes. The ceremony was absolutely perfect. It embodied my husband and I. it made people laugh and cry all within about 10 minutes. After the ceremony we had posed shots taken with all of our guests and then we went on to take pictures with just the two of us. The photography was something I was most nervous about, however, when I saw our pictures, I was relieved to say the least. They were perfect. capturing candid shots that no one could have staged. I would recommend asking for Dannette and Tim to do your photos, they are amazing! George (limo driver) dropped us off at dinner afterwards. On Monday, we met with Stella, who went over our photos. They made me cry more than I did at our wedding. All in all, the service we received, was beyond amazing. I would recommend this Chapel to anyone looking for the wedding of their dreams. Thank you to the amazing staff, our wedding day is something we will remember for the rest of our lives.
5	200th Review!For my 200th review I decided to review somewhere which was special to me. Well me and the hubby, it was OUR special day not just mine- seriously though, I was not a bridezilla.Once upon a time, a very long time ago. Well 2007 hubby proposed. I wont go into the story of how he proposed as that is not necessary. We straight away decided to start thinking about where to get married.We had both decided against getting married in a church in the UK and wanted something different. Our first thought had been Hawaii, however, as both sets of parents and our siblings wanted to be there it soon became a reality that it would be way too expensive.So, Las Vegas it was.After much research we picked the Chapel of the Flowers, firstly because there was a choice of chapels and secondly because it looked like a decent place to get married. We settled on the victorian chapel.We booked a package online. Had we been staying on the strip (which we were not) we would have had a limo provided to pick us up and drop us off. Obviously we didnt get this part of the package.The package included roses, a photo pass to allow us to take photos for extra time after the photographer which they provided had taken pictures, the service itself, music and we also got a dvd of the service. The service was broadcast online for 8 hours after the event to allow our friends and family to watch in the UK.We headed to the chapel a couple of days to do final things such as provide them a copy of the wedding license and pick music. They also ran through with us what times we had to get there.The day of the ceremony was without a hitch- it was clear that they were extremely professional. What did make me laugh was the reverend had a stamp to stamp his name on the certificate rather than signing. It makes you realize that they truly must carry out a lot of weddings!Whilst having photos taken you can quite easily forget that you are on the seedier end of the strip- in one of the photos one of our party had taken you could see a sign for another business and at one point we had a bum walk through.A couple of days after the wedding we went and had the chance to look through all the photos which had been taken on the computers they had there. Of course we couldnt pick so ended up paying for the whole disk!Chapel of the Flowers really made our day special and we didnt feel like just ANOTHER couple getting married in Las Vegas.
4	Beautiful chapel! I loved that they offered different chapels. I didn't like that the aisle in the chapel I chose was really short so I had to walk slow to get the whole "walking down the aisle" effect, but it was still a beautiful ceremony. The minister was very passionate and very thorough and they accomodated the sand ceremony that I asked that they do instead of the candle ceremony (I had to provide the materials). Dannette Chapell was the photographer and she took many great photos and captured every moment. They also provided me with a bouquet very last minute because the one I had ordered turned out horrible. Their staff is very friendly, very helpful, and always available to answer your questions. The only other thing I didn't like is that they charged an extra $150 for their "First Glance" which means that the groom does not see the bride before she walks down the aisle. If you don't pay that, the bride and groom walk down the aisle together. Not the most romantic way to get married. But overall, great experience, and I married the man of my dreams!
4	Well, I loved my wedding day, I mean it was the most beautiful day of my life, and everything went smoothly, my family was around me, the chapel grounds were beautiful, our photos came out great, I loved pretty much everything on that day. Except for our limo driver....Yes we were exactly 10 minutes late coming down to the casino...I mean we were 12 people and it just took that long to gather us all....and the actual driver was gone, so they sent another one, even though I talked with the driver, and he knew I was coming down...anyways I hate feeling rushed, I def. kept feeling rushed...I did not really like our minister either, his humor/style/demeanor, I felt rushed by pretty much everyone...Later on I was told that its because we were late....ok, so we were 10 minutes late...I get it, but come on now! It s a wedding chapel, why do they have to make it so obvious that they re running a business? The photos ( and we bought them all) were beautiful, it definitely gets a bit pricey, so be ready! I loved that our ceremony was broadcast online, I loved that they changed my wedding from outdoor to indoors when I called, and that it wasnt a problem...whoever helped me with choosing everything was great, I believe her name was Robyn...Overall, yes I would recommend getting married here, because the chapel is beautiful, and it feels traditional/classic.....We got the dvd of the ceremony, it was edited beautifully...(They do hand you envelopes for the photographer/driver/and minister for tips, and they have a suggested amount written on there. I thought that was totally tactless...once again, the business aspect of it is a turn off)...It was the wedding of my dreams, and it would have been hard to spoil that day given how much happiness was in the air :)I guess I can conclude this review by saying that yes, your wedding will feel intimate, elegant, classy...This place is a great alternative to Casino chapels...
4	This place is amazing with just a few flaws.. My wedding planner archel took great care of me even though I was a huge pain changing stuff. The chapel is the most beautiful one on the strip, they took care of my hair and makeup appointment, when I arrived the day of the wedding everything went smoothly!!!! I'd recommend this chapel to anyone getting married in Vegas!Now for the minor flaws.. Donation envelopes with minimum of $60 for minister and everyone else had their own envelopes! We paid for a package which should have paid for the minister. Recommended minimum on all of them is so high!Also when i went to run in and pick up our pictures after our photography appointment my husband parked outside quickly and a limo driver went up to our car and got really rude with my husband and started acting like he ran the town! Besides all that the wedding itself wS beautiful and ran smoothly!
5	Ohhh Chapel of The Flowers I love you so much!! Its been just over a week since my wedding day and I cant stop looking at our beautiful photos!I was nervous planning a destination wedding, so many details and different people to rely on, all from across the country....but turns out I had nothing to worry about...the chapel took care of everything for me and it was perfect.They arranged for a jewish ceremony with a Rabbi who was wonderful, the limo drivers were all very professional (and timely) and everyone that works there is so nice!  I was worried I wouldn't feel special since there are so many weddings there on any given day but I felt so taken care of and like they were all genuinely happy and excited for us. I felt like I was in very capable hands from the first phone call until we picked up our amazing photos. Speaking of the photos....they are amazing, we bought the digital rights to everything! I was just blown away by the quality.Also, We couldn't find my father's bowtie and I called the chapel like an hour before the ceremony in a panic and they arranged to have one there waiting for him! He wound up finding it in his shoe but...they still totally came through!Thank you Chapel of The Flowers, you made our wedding day so beautiful, memorable and just perfect!
1	My Sister got married here. I helped her with lots of the wedding planning because I live here in Las Vegas and she is in Ca. Let me start off with the nice things about this place... It's pretty inside, very well kept up and the ceremony ended up to be nice. The bad......... My Sister planned her wedding and they ended up over booking and had no intent to even let her know. All of her guest were coming from California. She had all the paperwork set for her chosen date and PAID a deposit. I called in to make a final desicion on the flowers and to let them know how big the party was, then the wedding planner told me ok we will see you guys on this new date.... I said "no the wedding is not then whats going on?" she said oh well it looks like it was overbooked so we had to move you to a different date. The original wedding planner didnt even want to get on the phone to explain what the hell was going on. She had someone else handle the job for her. Our invitations were already sent out so they suggested that WE EMAIL our guest about the new wedding date! REALLY??? (that's just wrong) Then she said either we are going to either choose the new date (wich was on a FRIDAY, not Saturday like we planned) or just get our money back and find a new place to get married at. After I complained and let them know that I would call each and every news station and write a complaint on each and every review website if they didnt work with me. FINALLY they allowed us to keep the original date. We just had to move the wedding to an hour ahead.
5	My husband and I were married here on June 1st, 2012. They took care of everything for us and really went above and beyond to make our day special. Planning a wedding is incredibly stressful and there are just so many decisions to make. However, when you're working with their planners, they make it so easy! I would tell anyone that's stressing about a wedding to just take the plunge and do it in Vegas - go to Chapel of Flowers and make it YOUR day. It really is about the couple and Chapel of Flowers made sure that my husband and I had a wonderful day.
5	If you're a super fan of the Killers and want to marry in LV, you should probably choose the Little Chapel of the Flowers. TK Drummer Ronnie Vannucci was working as a wedding photographer here when he joined the band and recorded Hot Fuss. According to Ron, he and owner Dave Foote were "locked in a power struggle of cool" over their hair. More info here:http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
5	Chapel of the Flowers seemed to have the most professional website and had the very best to offer for the money. We wanted a classy wedding in Vegas, not a drive thru Elvis wedding. All of our questions were answered quickly and we never felt pressured to purchase more than we could afford. We couldn't have been more "wowed" by the experience. I am extremely impressed by how organized and how smoothly every aspect of the process was. The photographers were super nice and made us feel at ease. I appreciated that I could chat on line or via email at any time with questions. The limo driver Mark took us to get our Marriage license was super nice and gave us travel tips when we asked him. Everyone was super nice and professional. The staff have perfected the whole process. No room for improvement! :)Everyone from the on-line help to the drivers to the planner and everyone in between was professional, warm, and helpful. Our day was more magical than we could have ever dreamed. The grounds were kept so nicely with gorgeous flowers everywhere and fountains and gardens. Every individual that we encountered was beyond courteous and never pressured us about any of the add-ons we selected. The Chapel of Flowers was delightful! My family and friends loved being able to view our ceremony, which was a fantasic! Thanks again for everything! I will highly recommend your all to anyone who wants a classy, elegant elopement in Las Vegas. :)
3	I can see why people could get married here. Its nice, quick and efficient.
5	My husband and I were married at Chapel of the Flowers Dec. 4th 2012. It was perfect! We LOVED our minister! I spoke with him just before the ceremony and gave him the readers digest (my husband and I were married to each other before and have 2 teenagers together). He perfermed the ceremony perfectly incorporating our personal story. Michelle, my wedding planner was very helpful from day 1 and up until the day of the wedding. I'm glad I opted for the "first look with 2nd limo" service. It was worth it! I'm also happy I brought in my own music for the ceremony. It was perfect! Everything went very smooth and easy. My husband literally said, immediately after the ceremony "THAT WAS GREAT! WHY DOESNT EVERYONE DO IT LIKE THIS?!!!" This was truly one of the best days of my life!
4	Beautiful!! I'm so glad my husband and I chose this property to have our wedding at!  I knew with both of our schedules that we could not plan a wedding, with out do town guests and a reception off site.Everything from the planner, to the coordinator, to the salon girls (Glamor Squad), to the limo driver, to the minister, to the florist, and to the photographer were professional, courteous, and relaxing!  We could not have done this without them. My only gripe, and I saw this on a couple of other reviews is that we paid for a pretty expensive package, and during our consultation we were given envelopes for gratuity purposes for our minister, photographer, and limo driver.  We were a bit taken back by the suggested minimum gratuity.  It should come out of the package price, especially at what we paid for or they should put it on the website to inform couples when they select their wedding package.  Just a thought...otherwise, good job!
4	We loved the Chapel of Flowers, it met our expectations. Everyone we were in contact with was friendly, welcoming, and very professional. The chapel was elegant and modern. The online broadcasting of the ceremony was great for everyone who wasn't there with us. We had to pay extra in order to ensure that the minister we liked would be the one marrying us, but that was worth doing. The chapel's website is great, especially because we could watch the wedding's of other couples. This was amazing because we knew what our wedding was going to be like and it allowed us to pick the minister who was the best for us. The only down side for us was the photography. In our opinion the photography packages are overpriced. Additionally the photographs were disappointing, we had hard time choosing the fourteen that our package included because we certainly didn't look our best on any of them. It was such a rip off not to have the copyrights to the fourteen photographs that were include in our package. That was truly disappointing and we would hope that this could be changed for other couples.
5	I got married here Feb 1,2013 and it was amazing ! Well planned and well worth the money.  I checked out other places around the area and was NOT impressed.  i am very happy knowing I picked Chapel of the Flowers.   You get what you pay for - if you don't wanna plan and just show up, we'll hang around the court house and you will find others. I'm ready to go back and do it again.http://blog.littlechapel.com/post/2013/02/01/Michelle-Andy-Dodd.aspx
4	we got married here last month, and i couldn't be happier with the service and atmosphere provided by the staff of this Chapel.  after doing some research online, then giving up the idea of a Vegas wedding for fear it would be "cheesy", i revisited the idea over a year later, and found this place. i called about 2 weeks in advance of our requested date, and spoke with Heidi, she was completely sweet and very helpful in our planning process. she was always accessible via email (which was good for me being on the East Coast).  even when i called and she wasn't available, someone was always able to help me and did so quickly and efficiently.  it just seemed wrong that planning a wedding with Chapel of the Flowers was so effortless! we chose the magnolia room which was beautiful, and opted for an additional (sweet pea) photo package after the ceremony.  we wanted simple and elegant, with minimal effort. thats what we got.  you can have some guests here (your package and room choice will determine how many can be accommodated).   The main reasons we chose this chapel were for the beautiful campus/chapels/ grounds, and for the photography.  As someone who loves taking photos, running off to have a wedding on the other side of the country, my first thought was i hope i have good photos.  Most Vegas chapels didn't have the quality of grounds or photography that i felt i needed to make my day more memorable.  that said, one of my minimal gripes is that my mom ended up coming at the last minute and she was not allowed to take photos during the ceremony, although the photographer during the photo shoot was very kind and allowed her to take some photos.  Really, it is completely normal for people to take photos at their family/loved ones weddings, and i had already paid for the photography to begin with, and i think my mother's feelings were a bit hurt. we made an appointment less than 2 days later and  came back to see some beautiful photos.  they offer many options to have various size prints, prints on canvas, photo books, and many more options.  we did feel that owning the rights to the photos was a bit expensive for our budget, we wish that buying the rights to individual photos was a more affordable option, but then decided against it.  i am happy with the decision i made, because we had such a special time, i worried that i would get caught up in the magic and spend money i didnt have.  The quality of the photos and the customer service and knowledge and organization of the staff was superb. also they offer a helicopter flight which we were able to purchase at the last minute (2 days before ceremony) and they organized/ set up all the limo rides to and from. all we had to do was show up and be ready and it was all so easy.  second gripe- there should be no tipping unless you feel that a chapel member went above and beyond.  the packages should be inclusive of pay for the staff.  having to remember to bring money for all the tipping was a pain, and we actually forgot money for someone, luckily we happened to have extra. very odd that there is a suggested amount.  i feel certain members were more deserving of my tips than others but didnt want to seem rude when presented with envelopes at the end of each service. the tipping in itself was about $150. in addition to the package fee....i am so happy with my wedding day and i am glad that i chose the Chapel of the flowers.
5	I got married here on Christmas Eve . It was so perfect!! They are pleasant, professional and on their game. We brought our own music. 30sec. 3 songs. I highly recommend that. It makes all the difference during the ceremony, the live broadcast and your DVD copy.
5	Since my one year anniversary is approaching I would like to say thank you to Chapel of the Flowers for making my day so very special. I married my best friend on April 6, 2012. It was beautiful! From the wedding planner to the photographers...excellent. After trying to plan a wedding in my hometown which reached $10k before the reception, I said Vegas her we come. I will never regret my decision. Yes, things can get a little pricey and gratuity is expected for everything..it's Vegas people! Do your research, ask questions, look around. I promise you will not find a better chapel for the money and services they provide.
1	If you don't mind paying a for a package then having added fees, then go there. The place is OK but the package deals are not really as they seem, and they are over priced for what you get. You can not take photos on their grounds and no one except the photographers, they will tell you there is a tipping fee  a recommended price, after you have paid for the package for the limo driver, sermon guy E.T.C. and when you pay 300 plus for photos they will later tell you, you need to go to a pay pal type of thing and pay 10 plus dollars before they deliver the photos. Anyway I would have looked or called other places and went with something much better, for what you get. Hard to believe they were ever rated number 1. If they would have been upfront with all their recommended fees and included them in the package they would have received 3 stars instead of 1.
5	My husband & I were married at COF on 4/4/13.  The whole experience was worth every penny!  We paid for the copyrights to our photos, had 2 photographers and had an off-site photo shoot @ Bellagio & Cosmopolitan ~ BEST DECISIONS EVER!  The photography was amazing (Joe & Jose rock!) and our coordinator Brittany was extremely detail oriented with always a quick response to any questions I had.  We also paid for the marriage license package which made the whole experience even more fun!  The online viewing for our ceremony was awesome as well, just can't say enough wonderful things about COF...go for the copyrights & off-site shoots if your budget can swing it ~ you will not regret it!  Thanks COF!
1	Dear Chapel of the Flowers,Thanks for nearly RUINING OUR WEDDING!!!Now, to Yelp Readers,My fiance, now wife, and I looked up pretty much every chapel in Vegas, narrowed down the list to our top choices, and started making phone calls. We are Wiccan (an Earth based religion) and we wanted a handfasting that celebrated our faith. When we called the chapels, our first question was "Have you ever done a handfasting?" Of course we advised each chapel that we would provide the script and the hand tying cords. We also wanted our son (10) to be part of the wedding. When I called Chapel of the Flowers, I was told by both the receptionist and wedding planner that they had done several handfastings and that our ceremony would be no problem and we could exchange vows with our son as well. GREAT! We booked right away (several months before our wedding date). Everything was OK, our wedding planner got back to us in reasonable time when we contacted her, things seemed to be going well. Then the warning signs started.1 - We were a bit put off when they told us that it would be an additional $700 in order for us to buy the rights to our wedding photos. SERIOUSLY?!? We didn't mind paying extra, but that is an absurd amount. 2 - Wedding guests may not take pictures anywhere on the property, even if the photographer is not taking pictures. 3 - We couldn't see what our flowers would look like before the wedding (my fiance saw hers because she chose a standard option, but I couldn't see what the boutonnieres would look like even though they were also a standard option).However, everything was set and we had family flying in from all over the country for our wedding, so we didn't seem to have a choice but to deal with it. THEN CAME THE NIGHTMARE!!! TWO WEEKS before our wedding, we received an email from our wedding planner saying that they would not perform our handfasting as they had agreed, we could have the hand ties if they fit into 3 sentences, but no more and our son couldn't be a part of our wedding. We had made sure the ceremony script was well within their time requirement, we had to choose between a token acknowledgment of our faith and our family coming together, which includes our son! WE WERE DEVASTATED and the chapel didn't even offer an apology and wanted to charge us $300 to cancel our wedding!Thankfully, after many frantic phone calls, we were able to find another chapel that had an opening. Obviously, family had already booked travel arrangements, we had booked travel arrangements, so changing the date was impossible. After several phone calls back and forth and talking to a manager, we were finally able to get a full refund, but getting it was a nightmare and they took their sweet time to get it to us. I am sure the only reason we got it was because we provided the written proof that they had agreed to do our handfasting script (which means they were violating the contract, not us) and the fact that we made it VERY clear that we would proceed legally if necessary to get our full refund. We decided to get married in Vegas to avoid the stress, Chapel of the Flowers gave us a nightmare. With everything they put us through, I feel that an apology was the least they could have done, but evidently even that was too much to ask.
1	My husband and I did a lot of research on Vegas wedding chapels before making our final choice on Chapel of the Flowers.  We needed to find one that would do a Wiccan handfasting ceremony. Chapel of the Flowers they said that they had done handfasting ceremonies before and it wouldn't be a problem at all.  So about 3 months before the wedding we booked it and paid in full.  We picked this place for the most part due to the photos, they are beautiful and that is something that was/is very important to us.  The pricing is a bit high but we had no problem paying it because the grounds looked very nice, the service had been ok, not bad but not out standing either and again great photos.Fast forward to two weeks before the wedding. We get an email from our wedding planner saying that the ceremony we sent will not work.  She said that the ministers will not read a ceremony written out like that and that it also seemed to long.  Their weddings are about 11-13 minutes, ours was about 12 minutes which I told her so it fit in the time line perfectly.  There is a part of the ceremony called the hand ties and she said that they would just use that part in replacement for the unity candle, which was fine since we didn't want that any way but they wouldn't use anything else.  She said that they want to incorporate as much as they can for us and asked me what was most important.  I told her that a standard handfasting is between one hour to an hour and a half, getting it down to 11 minutes doesn't leave us room to cut it down any further.  I asked if she would send me the ceremony the ministers use so that my husband and I could work with both that and what we have so that we get what we want and the minister is happy.  Then she tells me they don't have anything written out.  What?  They don't have anything written out but they can't use the FULL written out ceremony we sent them?  I said ok well then how do they do this.  She said that each minister will speak with the bride and groom before the wedding starts to get to know us a bit and then just says whatever he feels fits us.  She recommended we watch some of the weddings they have on the web site which we did.  They are all ok I guess but seem awkward, you can tell that the minister doesn't know anything about the couple, they stumble and it just it's great.  My husband and I did not want anything close to the normal "Do you take... blah blah blah" It's not us and not at all what we wanted.  We also didn't want someone who doesn't know us trying to be funny about who we are.  I told her that I didn't understand why if they don't have a standard ceremony, can't they use ours?  She said that they have done it in the past but the couples haven't been happy with it because it doesn't run as smooth. So now we are two weeks before our wedding and being told that they can't do something they said they could and it's kind of the biggest part of our wedding.  I talked to the wedding planner about canceling and she said that we could but would have to pay $300.  Now had it been my mistake I would gladly have paid that, it would have only been right but it wasn't us, they were not holding up to their end of the contract and what we had been told not only over the phone but in writing.  Keep in mind that at no point did the wedding planner apologize for any of the... we'll say, misunderstanding.  She just kept saying what they can and can not do.  I talked to her manager who confirmed the same info.  She said that they had done "the hand ties before" and that is why they said it would be fine.  I told her that in the future she and her staff should ask people if they are Wiccan or Pagan, if so these people may likely want more then just a hand tie and will not want the standard and awkward Do you take... blah blah blah ceremony.  I don't think they misled us on purpose, they just aren't educated and they should be since weddings are what they do.  I told her that I expected a FULL refund and she did do that.Now, if you look on the web site and talk to them they tell you that all the ministers are non denominational which is true.  However if you dig really deep and hunt for it you'll find that they are non denominational Christianity ministers.  I think this is where the problem truly lies.  Our ceremony talked of our God and Goddess. I'm thinking this is where the problem is.  Again it's ok if they don't want to speak of Wiccan God's and Goddess's but this is another place where education comes in.Thank Goddess our second choice place happen to have availability the same day and time.  We got everything and more for less money and it couldn't have been more perfect.If you want something out of the norm you must be VERY clear and have them read it before you book and start planning here.
1	Photography is terrible!! For it being a place to get married you think they would hire good photographers for "that special day". And the memories that photos hold. Complete amateurs! Poses in front of plug outlets, bad positions, terrible aiming..If I could turn back time I would not have chosen this place. As I was also promised a group photo with all my guests to find out when I was done with the lame photo session inside, everyone was gone because the staff told them they had to leave because another wedding was scheduled. But I paid for an amount of time on the premises! Flowers were pretty if that helps.
4	Being the non traditional couple that we are I must say that I was thoroughly impresed with the beautiful atmostphere. The professionalism displayed by the staff was amazing. Our family and friends are on the east coast and outside of our parents and siblings; a lot of people were not able to come. I loved that our wedding was on the web with live streaming, so that people could watch and partake in our day.  The wedding pics are sort of a passive aggressive sale. The staff wasn't horribly aggressive ... They let me select my pictures in peace. Tried to persuade me to buy the full package, but understood that my no was a no. I loved my wedding, love the photographs, loved my coordinator and my officiant.
5	My wife and I just celebrated our 1 year anniversary today and just watched  the video of our wedding ceremony. Chapel of the Flowers was fantastic. You could not ask for a better, less stressful wedding. From start to finish they provided an outstanding service. They arranged all of our needs from hair and makeup to tux rental and transportation for  every one attending the wedding.
1	The photos your "photographer" took at my brother's ceremony were absolute garbage. Your "photographer" should go back to school and relearn the ART of photography and a little basic info on photoshop because i took better pictures on my canon rebel.. Sad. My mom paid $100 for a group photo and your "photographer" was so terribly RUDE and made us feel we were inconvenicing him... When that was your purpose... You were providing a service and working for the couple who was getting married. Your "photographer" did not even take a picture of the couple and their best man/maid of honor... Very little to absolute NO editing was done on these photos and my brother and new sister-in-law are very dissapointed about these photos and that's a darn shame because this should be one of the funnest parts of getting married, seeing the after photos. Our family lives far apart and are not together often... The most important photo we wanted to get was a decent family shot and you did a pathetic job, a D- effort. You made NO effort with trying to get the kids to smile... I do a better job in my sleep and am just a SAHM with a standard DSLR. Reverend was great but everything else was little to be desired... the rule about no photos inside of the rings or boquet was obserd... tip of advice: place the rings on a decorative surface,a delicate fabric or on the boquet and use a zoom lens... a countertop is tacky... Wouldnt recommend to a friend EVER which makes me sad because this place has such a good rep and we really really really expected so much more.
5	I recently got married here last August 3, 2013. Chapel of the Flowers staff are very professional, accommodating and will take the planning to a stress worry free zone. If you want an intimate, elegant and on a budget wedding this is the venue to pick. The vendors that they are affiliated with are the very best. And to top it off, they have one of many outstanding photographers on staff that are very professional and will listen to your ideas. Thank You Chapel of the Flowers for a Memorable Event.
4	My husband and I were married here on July 20, 2013.  It was just the two of us and Chapel of Flowers made our experience very easy and stress free.  We were both super nervous as we had no family or friends in attendance but it was lovely.  The grounds were beautiful and so was the chapel.  Very classy not tacky at all.  Everyone was super professional and made us feel comfortable.  The candid pictures of the ceremony did not turn out as well as I had expected, but the lifestyle and wedding photos were amazing.  My only gripe is that the candid photos are the ones that are included in our package and we have to pay a large sum to pay for the copy wrights for our other beautiful pictures.  But hey, it's Vegas!!! Everything costs.  Would def recommend this place to others.  xoxo love skye
5	First I want to say how friendly and amazing the staff was....I couldnt get over how genuine everyone was...put me at ease even though i was freaking out over just stupid stuff...we were suprised to find out that they offer a law enforcement discount..also the photographer was be a magician...I actually looked pretty in the pictures...criss angel needs to get ahold of him...also the minister...big al... was so wonderful...completely recommend Chapel of the Flowers ..also wish I had realised they sell cakes too...waay cheaper than places on the strip...oh well
4	Chapel of the flowers is a great place to have your wedding if you choose them. The prices are pretty cheap when compared to the hotel chapels in Vegas. The pictures here at this chapel is pretty expensive but they capture the moments to make your wedding that much more special. Now I do have so gripes about this chapel. I don't think it's reasonable to not allow the guest at the wedding to take pictures during the ceremony. I understand that the guest flash could throw off the pictures by the photographer but I still believe at some point the guest should be allowed to take pictures. Other weddings I have been to, the guests have taken picturess and the weddings still turned out good. Another issue that really upset me is the fact they I was not allowed to say my real vows. If you allow people to write their own vows then let that be. You can't give them the option but still dictate what can and can not but said. That eliminates the creativity of the couple. Lastly, the ceremony had to be restarted due to technical difficulties with the webcast. I'm very superstitious so I hope that isn't a sign of things to come. Now I got that out the way I loved the ceremony once it started. My bride and I worked with a lady named Michelle and she was very attentive to us and tried her best to accommodate our needs. She gave the best package for our money and the number of guests we had. She gave us numerous options to have our reception dinner and many are pretty reasonable. The chapel of the flowers take great pictures and capture the moments that we really wanted.  It started a little late but what wedding starts on time lol. The staff there is very nice and do there very best to make you comfortable. I'm not sure of the lady's name but she seen I was pretty nervous and she told me "Mr. Jones, you need to have a sit and chill out" lol. She talked to me about her family and where they were from. That took my mind off things. The minister, coordinator, photographers are all friendly. I absolutely love the pictures and it made me love my wedding day that much more. I would recommend this chapel to people.
5	My new husband and I were married at the Chapel of the Flowers on 9/27/2013. The entire process was well organized and perfect to make our day perfect. Robin helped me to select an elegant wedding ceremony and reception. COTF treated us like a king and queen. And all parts of the COTF package was well worth every penny. We were married in the Glass Garden for an evening wedding (absolutely beautiful). We chose Pastor Doug (who made us laugh and cry) and even my guests commented how awesome he was for the ceremony. I added the Glam Squad (and my makeup was GORGEOUS), I rented my wedding dress from Tux One (great selection of gowns, quick alterations for the next day) and we had purchased the primary and lifestyle photographers and purchased the rights for all our pics (well worth the money). We have over 300 amazing digital pictures so we own all our memories. I highly recommend Chapel of the Flowers for an elegant, stress-free wedding experience.
5	I live in Maryland and knew I wanted Vegas wedding. I chose COF based upon yelp and the knot reviews and was not disappointed. It made planning from afar simple and stress free! The planners are top notch (we had Brittany), respond to emails and questions promptly, and will bend over backwards to make your day special. I knew I didn't want to stress about the wedding details- the chapel has wedding packages that take care of everything for you. Beautiful grounds, stellar customer service, and your wedding gets aired online so friends and family can watch from afar! I had friends and family watch and they said the quality was great. We couldn't have been more pleased. Our reception was at Canaletto in the Venetian and it was DELICIOUS. Everyone loved it. Service there was prompt and outstanding. Also, do your makeup through the Glam Squad- they are amazing!!!!Every service we used was on time and smooth. Limos, makeup, ceremony, reception, were all on time and had no hiccups. There were other weddings there that same day but we never really noticed it- I still felt special.  Getting married in Vegas versus home was the right decision. From the chapel, to Canaletto, to Glam Squad, these people have weddings down to a science. No stress and all fun!!!! The man who married us at COF was sweet and funny. We couldn't be happier.
5	Very great place for one of the best day of your life. Everything was perfect. Thanks for the people who work there, continue on this way!
5	These guys did a great job.  They made it so easy to plan your destination wedding.  The limo drivers were courteous and on time.  The planners thought of everything.  The pictures were expensive, but we are glad we got the rights and the additional lifestyle shots.  It would have been nice to be able to speak with the photographers during our pre-planning session the day before.  I would recommend this place.  The glass garden was the perfect spot for our wedding.   I also added the Glam Squad.  Wow, did I look good!  They were on time to my room and in 40 minutes, I was completely beautified.  I can't say enough good things.
5	Got married here on 1/3/14. Everything was handled and went very smoothly. The chapel and grounds were very pretty and as shown on he website. The limo was great, and everyone was very friendly.The photos can get expensive.  That's how photographers make their living. The DVD broke in our luggage and they sent us a new one free of charge. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a no fuss Vegas wedding.  For the price everything was taken care of for us. No planning needed on our part.
5	The whole wedding planning process was an ease, I was honest about my financial situation and was never pushed into feeling I had to buy more then I could afford. They helped me pick everything within my budget, and they really worked with me to make sure I got the most for my money. Like a typical bride, I changed my mind often and my wedding planner Robin took my phone calls and emails with ease and allowed me to make any changes I needed. Upon arriving to Vegas, compared to the other chapels, this one is BY FAR the best one! It is classy and modern, not like typical 70-80's style Vegas gawdy chapels. The wedding itself was lovely, the minister had my whole family laughing, put us at ease, and gave us a heartfelt ceremony. The photographers took phenomenal photos!! I highly encourage you to get a package that offers posed photos because once you see them you will not want to leave without them. You can choose a package that offers you the digital rights from $600-900. Best part is that your family unable to attend can watch live online, we were able to wave to them on the video on our walk out as man and wife. If you want a classy wedding, with lots of amenities, and great photos, you joule choose this chapel.We will be coming back to renew our vows!!!
5	Me and my husband got married here jan 18, 2014.at first i was a bit skeptical because of the reviews but since the first moment we got off the limo the photographers took amazing photos Jose was my absolute favorite!! Planning the wedding was easy and quick. All we had to do was show up i am so happy with the special moments we got to share with our families at the chapel of the flowers. We ended up buying the copyrights to our pictures because they were just absolutely amazing.. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a simple, fast and intimate wedding.
5	Have been to a number of weddings and this place has very nice grounds and awesome photographers! No drinking on property though :-/
1	Let me start by saying that I wouldn't recommend there services here.they charge you for everything I booked my wedding on May 9 th unfortunately we can't get married here so I canceled they said they can't refund my depost because of the service they had to do planning all I did was email questions and I didn't have a big package I had the simplicity package it's not much to it. I would be happier getting married at a courthouse then here
5	If ur looking for a fast intimate wedding chapel of the flowers is the place .. I can't  thank everyone enough for such an amazing and beautiful wedding the process was fast yes they ask for gratitude for every service but I'd rather pay what we did for our ceremony n pictures to have the most important people those (immediate family) some friends and not have any one criticize how every detail of my wedding was ( unnecessary guest)  by far amazing and truly satisfied me and my husband married January 18, 2014 and it was the best day of my life! Thank you chapel of the flowers!!
5	My experience at the chapel of flower was amazing! From the moment we walked in til the very last time we walked out of there they treated us with excellent service. Their chapels are beautiful and clean! Every single person that worked with us treated us great and answered all our questions. They were so amazing in organizing our wedding so quickly and professionally. They really are well organized, from the wedding planner to the photographer to the limo driver to the minister and everyone else there... They all made it so simple for me and made it an amazing lovely wedding ceremony and photo shoot. Overall I highly recommend the chapel of the flowers to everyone. We got more than we expected! They Made our wedding so special and unforgettable!
5	So here are some folks who have mastered not only the development of but also the implementation of a process.  The execution was flawless.  I was in shock and awe how effortless it all seemed.  Logistically, it was a masterpiece.We opted for the gazebo package -like, around $800 bucks after a custom bouquet for my lovely bride-to-be.  Let me tell you something: We didn't have to *think* about anything; we just *did*.  The limo (driver's name was Todd, if I recall) picked us up in front of Bellagio, right on time.  The photographer, Phillip (awesome fella), and crew were there to greet us, giving us the movie star treatment.  We went inside, signed some stuff, and met the minister.  Then, literally 10 minutes later, under a gazebo, we were hubby and wife.  We snapped some more shots with Phil, and then the Limo took us back to Bellagio in style.Bring a couple hundred in cash for tips and the minister's offering.  Maybe it's just me, but $1000 bucks after everything for this kind of service for an incredibly important day of our lives was very reasonable.  Yes, they market their other services post-wedding; but, they're a business people.  Overall, fanTASTIC.
5	Married on 5/2/14 and had the best experience. While it was initially difficult to get a hold of the wedding planner assigned to me, she explained when we finally talked and more than made it up with her helpfulness and friendliness. She answered every question I had and helped walk me through the entire process- even when it came to getting the marriage certificate.I picked this place because it had one of the most elegant looking websites. I was not disappointed. The photography packages are no different than if you bought any professional photography package. It may seems more expensive than other chapels in Vegas, but you get what you pay for. I spent more on the photography than the wedding ceremony, and I am so glad. The photos were AMAZING. All my friends and family are surprised at the quality and agree that the photos came out great. Their photographers are truly professional photographers. Ours told us all about her photography schooling and was very knowledgeable when it came to posing us around the chapel based on the natural light. Plus the photographers were fun. We had a blast during the photography session. We got way more photos than were promised to us with our package, though we did get the surprise "For $300 extra dollars you also get these extras." I bought into it. You only get married once right? (or at least that's usually the plan). They also accidentally made two videos, so they gave it to us for free.I saw a few complaints about the gratuity envelopes, however it is mentioned on their website and it is optional. Just like waiters and waitresses provide a service and get a tip, these staff members did too. I work in the food service industry though, so that might be why I wasn't bothered by it. I like that they gave a recommended gratuity (min and max) because I really wouldn't have known what was standard otherwise.
5	Got married here...what can I say that a five star review wouldn't....great people ,photographers and drivers.our wedding was perfect thanks to them...live streaming of our wedding on Facebook was equally as awesome as well as the DVD we got ....I'll never forget chapel of the flowers and my very special day here
3	We were drawn to this place because we were on a budget. The property was nice and the staff was very nice at first. We had a couple issues with our coordinator. At first she would only contact us via email even though we tried calling and leaving voicemails. That's very frustrating when you have multiple questions and your trying to coordinate a reception at the same time. The only time she called us back or answered our calls was when we threatened to cancel and go elsewhere.  Secondly, when we arrived for our wedding they added a $75 charge we had previously discussed so me and my bride wouldn't see each other prior to the ceremony. Thirdly, they pretty much bullied us into giving gratuity to the photographers, limo driver and there priest (we didn't even use there priest). Last but not least. When we went to check out the photos they only let us choose from certain pictures. Our coordinator added a second photographer and said she was free of charge but when we were viewing the photos, we were not allowed to select any of hers. All in all the ceremony was nice and the pictures came out great but we just felt like we were taken advantage of and not explained a lot of the specifics that well. I would not recommend there services.
4	My husband and I were just married here on Friday, and despite it being a very busy holiday (4th of July), we felt like the staff who helped us were 100% focused on our wedding. They probably had other weddings right before and right after ours, but when they were with us, we were all that mattered.Pastor Al was great. He gathered some information from us to use in the ceremony (where we're from, how we met, etc.), and also managed to pick up on a couple of details about us just from overhearing us talk in the lobby. That was a pleasant surprise. I could barely remember the ceremony after it was over, thanks to nerves, so the DVD they sent us home with helped us relive the whole thing when we got back. The videographer was pretty good; he caught all the important moments at all the right angles, and he queued our music at exactly the right times for maximum impact (including the Rick Roll of our audience at the end). The photographs are stunning. I can totally believe they're rated #1 for photography in the country. Our two photographers were unobtrusive during the ceremony-- I didn't even notice they were there-- and they were very professional while corralling all of our friends and family for group shots afterward. A side note about the price of the photographs: yes they're expensive, but they're also much, much cheaper than you'd pay for professional photography at a traditional wedding. The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is because, like other commenters noted, the suggested gratuity for the drivers, photographers, and officiants is pretty steep. It should be included in the package price or stated more conspicuously on the chapel website, and the couple should be allowed to decide whether or not they want to tip a little more for above-and-beyond service.
5	I planned my wedding in 2 months.... I couldn't have imagined it would turn out as beautiful as it did. From start to finish their was always some one available to answer any questions or concerns I had. I wasn't able to schedule a consultation prior to my wedding day as it comes in most packages, I was traveling from california a day before, even though they worked with me when I arrived taking time to explain everything to me and my guests none of us were ever lost in the process or at the ceremony the planner there unfortunately I didn't get her name was amazing there were no hiccups all were very professional and caring.  We met the minister that same day and he talked with us got to know us a little to customize the ceremony for us it was beautiful. Defenitively would recommend to anyone who doesn't want the stereotypical vegas wedding wether your on a budget or time crunch this place is amazing. Did I mention the photos turned out spectacular, I had posed and candid pictures take. All we're stunning, I know I'm using a lot if adjectives in this review but I am very happy with the care they put into their work. Only con we had to wait 30 min after ceremony for limo to pick us up after the ceremony they were busy that day it was a Saturday but they kept us in the shade and offered us drinks. They also took extra posed pictures for us at no extra charge.
5	We celebrated our 50th anniversary by renewing our wedding vows. After much research we decided on the Chapel of the Flowers. Did we make the right choice? YOU BET WE DID! Everything was absolutely perfect from Denise the wedding planner, Michelle the wedding coordinator, Tom the limo driver, Doug the pastor, Omar the videographer, Emil the photographer to Stella at the photo shop. The chapels and grounds are immaculate and beautiful. Not a single issue occurred. Totally stress free and everything was just perfect. It was everything we had hoped for and more!
5	We planned a wedding in 10 days. The easiest part was picking the Chapel of the Flowers. The reviews on Yelp and other sites made me confident they would handle everything and they did. I was very happy with the Chapel grounds , flowers photographer did whatever groups I asked but I didn't get a photo of the wedding party. I would have appreciated the photographer suggesting it. It isn't his fault but it's hard to remember everything on that special day. They arranged a wonderful limo driver Mark who expedited my guests car retrieval by our hotel valets. He also got us to the chapel very quickly during rush hour traffic using side and back  streets. We asked for a couple different things in our ceremony. The minister Al, made it happen pretty smoothly. I had a great time and my new husband has promised me another wedding in 5 yrs. I will come back here. They make everything easy and several guests expected a cheesy Las Vegas wedding were pleasantly surprised at how nice the chapel and ceremony was.
5	A wedding of a lifetime is what I got. Let's start with my wedding planner, Denise. Very attentive, considered details that I wouldn't even imagine. They arranged everything I needed or gave a referrals for wonderful resources. Making arrangements were user friendly via phone, email, and a beautiful, easy to use website. On the day, it was wonderful to see all the stAff working fast but really appearing to love what they do and with who they work with. It added to the elegant, classy appeal of a beautiful chapel off the vegas strip! The coordinator of the day was kind, courteous, and made me feel like she cared about my needs. Well, as nervous as I was to see all these choices that we picked out but never saw until that day... It all faded when I saw my handsome husband standing in the Glass Gardens with all of our guests around - even better than all the videos I watched or pictures I saw of this place!!! Our photographer was swift but still attentive to what we wanted and the photos are amazing and gorgeous. He took shots we didn't even realize. We have our memorable shot with the Stratosphere in the background! The limo drivers took great care of us and went beyond when we had a mishap with our guest shuttle, which I believe Michelle? helped me with fixing that. Lastly, Devi in the photo gallery seemed very genuine and was helpful to us when picking out or memories. I wish I remembered all the names of all that we interacted with but we do remember how we were treated and we are forever thankful!
2	I got married here on valentines day of this year. For those of you who are planning a wedding based off of yelp i will list below the pros and cons of this place.Pros: the appearance is good, you don't feelLike your in a Vegas chapel.At a cost they can help plan everything you want.Friendly staff who walk you thru everything on your big day.You get a Wedding video, and pictures you can purchase online (8x10 is about 40 bucks)Cons: this place was so expensive!!!! We ended up spending a grand on the ceremony, and the limos. Unfortunately they love to nickel and dime you. It was really important that my husband did not see me before the wedding and they charged us money to accommodate my needs. They also forced tip envelops into our face once our wedding was over. They wanted us to tip everyone who worked there that night! My flowers were also an issue, I couldn't bring in my own flowers unless I for fitted the flowers I purchased in my package.   Soo lame!! Last but not least the ceremony was seriously pretty cheesy, mostly due to the plaster who married us.Overall I would not recommend this place, I wish I had rented out a chapel at the hotel we were staying at and saved time and money.
3	Ugh I have such mixed feelings about this place!I visited just about every one of the small wedding chapels on the strip and this was the best looking one. Yes, it was the most "expensive", but I considered it a deal compared to the chapels in casinos and such.  I booked the Saturday Traditional Ceremony ($495) with a limo trip to the Las Vegas Sign ($99) and Sunflower Photo Package ($169). Pros:* Best venue under $1k* Excellent Photographers (and venue had many picturesque places)* Great price for additional photos ($10 each)* Not a "quickie wedding" place, they don't rush you from room to roomCons:* Horrible horrible horrible communication. It would take days and many voicemails for me to get a response. I even used their online chat in my desperation to find out information.  Eventually, I just drove there just so that I could talk to a live person. I felt like I was working with a child, where I would get short simple responses.  I expected them to have a checklist for me on when I needed to arrive, submit vows, set up music, turn in license.. etc. Nope! Thankfully I read up and was able to ask them about the planning steps one by one, and they would finally give me info on how I handled each of those things.* More on communication - my wedding planner didn't tell the pastor that we had our own vows! We decided not to interrupt the pastor in the middle of the wedding and just go with the flow. I was really upset at the time, but I'll get over it.  I communicated this with the planner afterwards and got no response.* Our live streaming video didn't work.  We tried the site about 10 minutes before the wedding and was assured that it would work when the wedding started. Nope.  They gave us "more time" to watch it online afterwards, but an simple apology and acknowledgement of their mistake would have been nice.* The planner told us that the photographer doesn't follow us to the Las Vegas Sign. That was fine, but I at least expected the limo driver to offer to shoot a few pictures of the group. Nope, he just hung around the car.* Part 3 on communications - I had to send several emails to find out about my pictures.  Apparently, they are not familiar with the "CC" concept in emails.  I was really surprised that I had to ask them about setting up an appointment, paying, and picking up, rather than the other way around.Overall, it was a nice looking venue.  If you're up for doing your own planning and am not expecting any sort of help from the "planner" then this place is fine.  If you're looking for more of a hands off approach, then be ready for them to drop the ball.
1	Very bad experience of dealing with this company. I ordered 14 pictures of my choice and paid for that. Now they are saying that I have to pick pictures from photographer selection. WTF? If I want anything which is not in this list I have to pay 10$ per photo.
3	I have to give this place three stars total - 2 for service, 4 for the appearance so we'll meet in the middle. I was married on August 9th and my day of wedding coordinator messed up and gave flowers to the wrong bridal party members; they also forgot to give a boutonniere to my brother. This was frustrating in itself, but what was really annoying is that I reached out to Chapel of the Flowers five times and on the fifth time they finally rectified this. I worked with LaRhonda Hill on this and feel like after the wedding, my emails were set aside and went unanswered. I don't know but I imagine that these folks work on commission so I felt that impact from a customer perspective. I e-mailed three times and never got a response. I called once and they said a manager would "call me right back"...never got a call. I had to call AGAIN and someone finally told me they were sorry and ended up refunding me the money that we had spent - this took one month. How silly is that? Heaven forbid it be something really big, thank goodness it was just some flowers - however, it did impact us because we had planned a special rose presentation for both of our mothers and because of their lack of organization/planning, it didn't happen. The fact that everything can be done in one location is amazing (flowers, cake, etc) but don't expect these people to go above and beyond your customer service expectations - if they meet them. I would not pick this place as my top recommendation for folks getting married in Vegas and if I did, I would do so with caution - make sure you really feel good about your planner and then make sure everything's going as planned on your wedding day (which is really what you want to think about when you're getting ready to walk down the aisle.....right?) Right.
2	Short Version- Chapel of flowers will remain a mediocre venue until they get decent photographers or allow you to book your own. :/Long Version-The venue was nice once you got in the gates, a little scary driving up.  Everything required separate tipping (complete with suggested amounts and little envelopes).  It felt a little like Mexico but ...whatever.  My major complaint was the photographer(s). ( tipped separately luckily for them before you see the pics).  The photographers were awful.  LIKE high school photography class- this end is the lens awful. We got a package with 14 ceremony pictures included and we are literally having major issues selecting more than 3 shots that we want .  The shot selection was bad AND the attention to detail was poor.  Shot selection- the photographers got lots of shots of our hands (wtf?), like lots of shots of our hands, the minster, and other random things. We even took the time to fill out the questionnaire to let them know what we wanted (no bouquet or ring pics etc) AND rediscussed with photographers when we got there. But we got them all anyhow which would have been fine if we also got what we wanted (candids of guests, family pics) Attention to Detail-Pics included the side of my head, the back of my husband's head, us badly off center with no one else in the pic? One clean shot where we both looking in the general direction of the camera....nope.  The non- ceremony (see below) pictures are just as bad.  Not one group picture had everyone looking at the camera (we had a group of 18), even our family shot of four didn't look good. They also took pics of us getting out of the limo....there is a shot of every person in our limo literally getting out of the limo- like in that awkward half standing half sitting position right BEFORE you get out. WHO WOULD WANT THAT SHOT?  Again, common sense in shot selection....In front of the limo- maybe, inside the limo- sure that's cute I guess BUT literally getting out in hunch-back position ummmm no thanks! Also head shots of the entire guest list.  Helpful, if you are say making a year book, but not so much for wedding pics. Based on the pics, the pricing is outrageous. It's like 700 bucks to get digital rights to all the pics or 95 each to the rights to just some.  Either way is over 500 to be able to provide any pictures to family and/or friends and get copies of the 9 pictures out of 100+ that we wanted copies of.   BTW-ceremony pics mean during the ceremony by the main photographer only ( Also nothing from the second photographer is included). So couple shots, family shots, dress shots...NOT INCLUDED BUT shots of the unity candle and the back of your spouse's head? Pictures of your hands as your saying the vows? Yup !!!! 14 of those are included with the right package.
1	Updated review- Photography sucked!!!!! And they are being ridiculous about it.  I complained about the photography and the manager "reviewed all my photos" and concluded that they were "very pretty" despite the fact that of the 45 photos taken of the ceremony, 10 had one or more people either cut off (I.e half a body) or with their back to the camera.  Of the remaining 35 photos 15 were either pictures of our hands (ie neither of our heads were in the photo) or included the back of my or my husbands head.  Sooooo awful!
3	It saddens me that I have to give a less than perfect review because, up until the very end my experience with Chapel of the Flowers was just that, perfect! My wedding planner Robbin was great, very attentive and answered all my calls and emails right away. My wedding day went perfectly, I wouldn't change a thing! The preacher was amazingly helpful in making sure everything ran smoothly and our ceremony wasn't awkward or drawn out, which I appreciated. The problem with my experience lies in the photography department. This really is a shame because I chose this chapel specifically because of the amazing photography! My photographers where amazing, my photos were amazing, but the photography department shorted me 3 prints! After I realized this I immediately contacted them and they just flat out didn't believe me! After the amount of $$$ I spent at this place it is a real shame they were so unwilling and uneager  to send me the prints I was shorted. They even went so far as to ask me to spend even more $$$$ on my missing prints, saying they would send them to me for half the price. Mind you this was $32 plus shipping for 3, yes, THREE quite small prints! So disappointing!
2	My mother recently got married here & the wedding itself was super cute but lets get to the point of the two stars.....THE PHOTOGRAPHY IS HORRIBLE.They do not allow any of your guests attending to take pictures during the wedding so they can screw you over pretty much. The pictures they took were SO FAR AWAY the people in them look so tiny. Tons of the pictures had very high contrast too which made my mother look like a ghost OR they were so dark you can barley see some of the guests in group pictures! After complaining they said it'd be $70 an hour for someone to go through and crop them AFTER already purchasing prints. (Keep in mind we don't live in Nevada) After multiple more calls & complaints to the manager they finally agreed to take her pictures back and replace them with closer up photos for no charge BUT the woman helping, my mother described, as very rude and snotty about helping her. Not a great experience.
