4	We're a couple who are new to the area, and were wandering around the North Side the other day when we happened upon this place and decided to pop in for lunch.  Little did we know, it was their first day open after a (very classy and thorough, by the looks of it) full refurbishment.  The place has a great vibe that seems to incorporate a lot of its history as a major jazz venue with some modern touches.  Great looking bar.  The service was excellent - we felt welcomed by our server L'Tanya, who knew the menu inside and out, kept our drinks topped up and chatted with us a bit about the history of the place.  The food was solid - nicely classed-up pierogie appetizer, spinach salad with some nice bacon and slivered almonds (try the creamy onion dressing) and a turkey burger that was above average.  Definitely give this place a try - they've got event spaces upstairs and are going to have music downstairs - it's got big ambitions and seems to be living up to them.
5	I owned the  original James street for 17 years, and last week I had the awesome experience to meet both of the new owners,  try the food and have a few wines. It was wonderful to see how they are carrying the tradition of great food, great service, engagement with guests and community involvement. I look forward to seeing great things come this new establishment and we applaud them for their vision.Please support private restaurants and spend some time at James street and get to know the owners. You will be pleased!
4	Awesome place!  And a total hidden gem in this city.  I highly recommend.  Went here on Saturday when they had live jazz music and it was really crowded so there was no where to sit, but the music was great.  Drinks were tasty and had the turkey burger which was great.  Love the atmosphere and feel of this place - I'm definitely going to check this place out again and hopefully get there a little earlier so I can get a seat!
5	I can easily tell you this review is too easy to write.  Everything I had here was amazing.  This easily has became the to-be spot for me.The building has a lot of history in it.  The owner took lots of old photo of performers and hanged them all the wall.  The atmosphere is awesome for any type of mood you're into for the night.  You got the bar with plasma tv and slightly divided from the actual dining area.  They also hold recently special performances downstairs.  So it is great for when you wanna go somewhere to watch sports, bring a date, or just spend a casual night listening to artists.There were two dishes I tasted that I would have never ordered.  Cajun Oysters and Tiny Tunas.  I am not a big fan of oysters but this one was awesome.  It didn't taste like oysters.  The Tiny Tunas had a side of wasabi/mayo which tasted nothing like the dreaded wasabi.  The tuna was also perfectly cooked where it wasn't overcooked but still didn't taste raw.I moved to Pittsburgh two years ago and still didn't get why pierogies are so popular until I came here.  The pierogies here made. me. understand.My favorite dishes are the Twisted Chicken, Crab Cakes, and Sweet Meat.   The crab cakes were 90% meat.  Straight up meat.  Awesome.The twisted chicken is your chicken/bacon sandwich but on a pretzel bun.  The pretzel bun has a nice sweetness to it.  The chicken was a thick piece of meat.  I honestly don't get how they can sell this thing so cheap.The show stopper is the Sweet Meat.  The Sweet Meat is basically a hamburger with candied bacon in between glazed donut buns.  Seriously, it is not the healthiest thing in the world but it is the tastiest thing I've had in a long while.I've had the pleasure to talk to everyone that runs the place.  The owner, the owner's son, the co-owner, the executive chief.  They're regular people, not investment bankers.  If you want a local restaurant to succeed, choose this one.  They're amazingly nice people.  I just checked out their menu online and there's lots of variety of different food.  I can't wait to go back there.  Look at their prices too.  You can't beat getting quality food for this price.Overall, stop reading and go try the place NOW.
5	After hearing my dad speak for ages about the old James Street Cafe, and its vaunted Cajun food, I took him along to the newly reopened location for my birthday.We went on a Monday, thus I will have to review the Jazz/ speakeasy another time, but the area for performances looked cozy and hip.Their beer list is a work in progress, but the selection is quality from Midas Touch to Fat Gary. For being a jazz joint/speakeasy I thought they would have some old fashioned cocktail specialties such as Meat and Potatoes. The owner/chef and I discussed this.The food was simply outstanding. I have gorged myself on oysters in several oceanside towns and these breaded cajun oysters did not disappoint. My main course was the fried chicken with white cheddar grits and collard greens. All were impeccable and the prices were fairly reasonable. I would most highly recommend and will return soon.
5	Went for the jazz night this weekend, did not dissapoint! The speakeasy is a nice comfortable atmosphere that can be intimate enough to spend with a date or catch someones eye. The crowd is fairly diverse from young twenty somethings to older couples. Talked with one of the bartenders for a while, really  nice fellow. They also have real bartenders that know how to mix a drink as opposed to the faux bartenders promenading as high school cheerleaders from yesteryear that dont know what goes in a Manhattan.
4	James St Pub is a fantastic addition to the North Side. The owners have done a really great job bringing all of the historic accents of the building back to life and creating a classy, but not stuffy bar and dining area. The bar side is slim and can fit about 10 people at the bar. There are also 6 2 person booths on that side. The bar provides about 8 draft beers most of which are micros. The beers run from $4-5.50. My friends and I split an order of wings (so-so, they needed more sauce) and we all had burgers. The food was really tasty and cooked exactly to order. I'm excited to come back and try the rest of their menu. My tab for 2 beers, 1/2 an order of wings, and a blue cheese burger was $24. I'm going back on Friday night to check out the jazz show in their down stairs speak easy. They have an open mic on Wednesday nights and live jazz Friday through Sunday.
4	We have been to the restaurant three times and had consistently good service and food. The range of food is sufficient for us, but I would like to see more entrees that are vegetarian and a few items that are indicated as gluten free, etc.  I had one dinner entree and two different sandwiches. All were delicious, the portions were generous and attractively served. The servers were flexible (we ordered mac and cheese as an appetizer b/c its so good.)  The decor is great, the menus are fun and ambiance is comfortable. I love that there's live music available. The staff are attentive and their tableside manners improved dramatically - for these prices, I want me food to be boxed rather than have a styrofoam container placed on my table for me to fill. That has changed for the better. We will continue to patronize as our budget allows. The sandwiches really do make for an affordable night out and hopefully still subsidize their operating costs.
5	Awesome new spot on the northside in Deuschetown. In the space formerly known as Serendipity a block off east ohio street.The Pierogies were amazing. Definately will be going back.
5	I discovered this place while visiting recently, and it has quickly become one of my favorites! (too bad I had to return to Florida) TOO MUCH GOOD STUFF TO CHOOSE FROM! Seriously, the menu is great. It's all your staple food but with a twist, and then some. The Crab Cake Sandwich was top notch, no imitation. Pipe bombs were also especially delicious. They also have a section on their menu called "Chefs gone crazy" that changes every so often. It's pretty much chefs taking a creative license in ways you didn't know could be so tasty.The ambiance is awesome too. You walk in and it's like you've been transported to a different era. Very classy, jazzy, 1920s feel to it. Speakeasy, duh. It's just a really unique place that is hard to come by these days among all the mass chain restaurants. Enjoy!
4	Oh boy... Had only I known what I was getting into, perhaps I could have better prepared myself for this place. Then again, I seriously doubt one can prepare one's self for the indulgence of the Sweet Meat Burger. This candied-bacon burger, served up on a glazed donut bun, is not for the faint of heart. Literally, if you have heart problems, you probably shouldn't even be thinking about this thing. I had to stop and think about how to approach it. Pick it up and it'll glaze your hands like a Krispy Kreme; eat it with a fork and, well... you'll be known as the guy that eats burgers with a fork. Either way you choose to proceed, grab that tomato and lettuce and just toss them aside! Vegetables will only get in the way of your rising cholesterol.  I love the concept and and the execution of James Street Gastropub. The atmosphere is great and uniquely sets itself apart from the standard restaurant choices in the area.  Service was on point (for the most part). We never had to ask for a refill for our drinks.  As it was our first time here, I would have liked to be shown to a seat; rather we were told to just find a booth or a table. There was also an awkward moment when another employee interrupted our waitress as she was wrapping up with us. Despite that, we appreciated the attention and recommendations we received. The speakeasy is downstairs below the dining room, and although we didn't have the opportunity to explore, my imagination likes to think it's a pretty cool place. Their signage suggests they have live music in the evenings.  We will definitely find some time to make a return trip and experience more of what they have to offer. I recommend giving them a try if you're in the area. Quick tip: there's is a customer parking area on the side of the building, meaning there's no need to fight for an on-street spot!
2	I am not sure if it is normal but the smell of fish was prominent when we entered James Street Gastropub and lingered during the time that we were there. We tried to go downstairs where the jazz music was playing but it was already cramped (make mental note to get there early). Seemed like a mix of people. So we headed back upstairs to the bar and eating area which was not crowded at all. The bartender was friendly and served me a $3 beer. We moved over to the dining area as some of us hadn't eaten. The table ordered some fries which were tasty and oh so doubled fried. We ordered more drinks though our waitress seemed aloof and a bit slow. We waited awhile to order things and to ask for our check. If peeps want to go back I will go too but I won't take the initiative as it will forever be known to me as the fish smelling place.
4	I live in Brooklyn. It seems unfair that Sixpoint (a Brooklyn brewery) ships their delicious Diesel Stout down to James Street in Pittsburgh which charges only $4 a pint, and I can't get it in Red Hook (next to the brewery itself) for less than $6. This is crap.Anyway.In addition to having great beer on tap, James Street distinguishes itself as the brightest, most conspicuous "speakeasy" of all time. (I think that word has taken on new meaning, kind of like "college-educated.") Our waitress was clearly brand new, but exceptionally nice. She might not have known the beer list by heart yet, but she did split our tab into 8 different checks without being asked.I had already eaten, but next time I'd love to order off the amazing-sounding menu. Although, some things are not my bag, baby:* 1. I sampled a peanut-butter wing that was ill-conceived. 2. Personally, I don't think burgers should be served on doughnut buns, but I suppose I wouldn't turn you away if you showed up at my door with one, demanding sexual favors in exchange. Overall, James Street has a good vibe, especially with the sweet sounds of a blues band emanating from the bar below. I would appreciate if they turned down the lights a tad, as I tend to appear a lot more attractive in complete darkness...but I'd come back.___________*When was the last time you heard an Austin Powers reference? I'm so behind the times I'm ahead of them.
4	I'm a bit confused by what happened here.  We were sitting around having drinks, then the next thing I know, I'm convincing my wife to order a burger on a doughnut bun with candied bacon.  This was awesome...for a little bit.  With the benefit of hindsight, I would never even pretend like this is a good idea.  There's a reason why we separate the dinner and dessert courses traditionally.That being said, the atmosphere was awesome, beer selection good, and apparently Tom Cruise was there not too long ago.  I saw pictures.  He was smiling.  If that's not a ringing endorsement then I just don't know what's right anymore.  Dude is like a level 4 alien master, who beat Val Kilmer in volleyball at least once.If you're in the North Side, this is definitely a place worth your time.  The menu is pretty eclectic, and though I wouldn't recommend the doughnut burger, I think everything else is pretty delicious.
4	It hasn't changed a bit since I was there over 20 years ago!  And that's a good thing, folks.  James Street G&S has a feel of history, of time...almost as if the spirits of the music, the musicians and the clientele have permeated the walls and the wood and to linger.  There are stories to be heard if only those walls could talk!The long bar upstairs and those gorgeous wooden booths are a wide open, yet intimate, space to gather and talk, to drink and catch up with friends and the latest televised game of your choice.  If you want to talk, upstairs is the place to be, downstairs is where the music is...talking is unnecessary.Downstairs is where my heart is.  Dark, close, no, not smoky, but that's the only thing that's missing from all those years ago.  Those same beautiful wooden booths line parts of the downstairs by the arches that divide the bar side from the stage side.  There are tables, too, on the stage side to allow a clear view of the musicians who belt out or croon or sweetly sing.  Along with the seating, jazz lovers stand along the edges of the room listening and swaying with the music.  I love this place!I can't tell you about the food, we didn't order any...it looked and smelled wonderful as plates went by our booth.  We enjoyed drinks and music.  The Moscow Mules in proper copper mugs were good!  Not perfect, but very good.  Lisa, one of the owners, asked how we liked them...we told her a little more ginger and a mint sprig.  You may think the mint is just a garnish, but it truly makes a difference in the whole sensory experience of the Mule!  Lisa was putting mint on the list for next time.  That's the next thing I need to compliment...the owners CARE!  They want each and every guest to enjoy themselves and to feel at home.  If you want to enjoy a drink and feel like part of the family, you can't go wrong here.  If you're looking for great music in a really comfortable atmosphere with a diverse crowd of music lovers, this is the place for you.  Welcome back, James Street!  Pittsburgh is lucky to have you back!
5	This may be my new favorite hang out place in the 'burgh. Having just started a job over here in the North Side, it is the perfect place for me to have a bite before hitting rush hour traffic.Formerly Serendipity, James Street has only been here since mid December. The vibe here is cool, laid back and mellow. I had the pleasure to hear an ENTIRE Booker T album (!!!) as I dined this evening. The beer menu is phenom, an they have Rogue samplers on certain nights! The waiter remembered me and knew exactly what I had ordered to drink for the time before, and this is only my 3rd visit- gotta love that! The Turkey Burger was juicy, perfectly seasoned and melted in my mouth....this paired with homemade chips was AHHH-mazing. I loved that damn burger so much that I have eaten it all 3 times I have been here.Do yourself a favor and check this place out. The service is beyond cool and friendly. They have live jazz on Fri nights as well.
5	I can't believe that, after living in Pittsburgh for 18 years, I found this place only after having moved away!  What a fabulous establishment!!!  The North Side has some of my favorite urban dining spots, that really remind me more of dining in Brooklyn or Philadelphia.  Half bar, half restaurant, and a really interesting menu.  It's chill, open later than most places, and apparently has a great tradition of jazz music.  We came for the food.  Though, next time, I anticipate hanging out at the bar and/or visiting the Speakeasy.  Hopefully, on a weekend when there's an actual scene.  The menu is diverse.  Most of the food looks pretty yummy (if unhealthy - there are some salads...)  There is some great "fad" food, like a burger on a grilled donut and chicken on a pretzle bun.  Also, lots of comfort food like meatloaf and steak.  The prices vary, but are reasonable.  I will definitely be eating here next time I visit... Hopefully, I'll get to hear some jazz next time!
5	Good jazz, good food, good cocktails, cool space.
5	I love this place through and through. They have great beers, the staff is fabulous, the food is out of this world, and they have live music regularly. Do you know what it feels like to eat a burger in a donut bun with candied bacon while listening to live jazz? Well it's one of my favorite memories I have in Pittsburgh and I can't wait to return over and over again.
4	I give this place a 4.5 because I need to try more food before upgrading to the fill five stars.  The beer selection is solid and reasonably priced; we found a rare beer there! You can listen to live jazz/blues music while eating your meal for free?!  The sweet meat burger is a must try.  Donuts used as the bun and candied bacon!  You must make the trip to visit this place.  Oh and the staff was super friendly too!
4	So I'm naive to the Northside. It's one of the few neighborhoods in Pittsburgh that I am relatively unfamiliar with. Other than the north shore area around the stadiums, I'm pretty clueless.So when I stopped by James Street I was pleasantly surprised. It's an old fashioned looking bar with the original woodworking and everything. Upstairs has a bar and restaurant seating area. There is a a nostalgic feeling up there, like stepping back in time.Downstairs is great. At first I didn't even realize there was a downstairs bar, that is until I heard music floating up and people with drinks heading down. So I followed them down and saw a bluegrass band playing on stage and enjoyed some drinks at the dark bar. It's a cool little subterranean setup. A stage with tables filled with people watching live music on one side and a bar with booths along the wall on the other. Also, if you are a beer lover James Street has a nice selection of drafts for a reasonable prices. Craft beers were between 4 and 5 dollars. This is the kind of place that opened my eyes to the North Side and I am going to have to check out some of the other places in the area.
4	Last night, I found myself at the James Street Gastropub, and I was blown away. What a cool place tucked away in North Side!First off, the interior is very cool. Lots of wood and really neat architecture. The upstairs is very class with a large bar and lots of booths and tables. Downstairs, in the Speakeasy, there's a very cool bar that mixes modern architecture with Prohibition accents. There's also a very nice stage with lots of tables and booths. While no one was performing when I was there, I was surprised by how clean and well lit the area was. Also, the staff is topnotch in their crisp black uniforms.Make sure you check out their beer and alcohol selection. Tons of local craft beers, and there were spirits there that I've never heard of. As for the food, the menu is filled with classic Americana and modern dishes. I had the meatloaf entree, which included two slabs of dense and tasty meatloaf, red skin mashed potatoes, a cheesy grits gravy, and corn fritters. At $16, it seemed pricey on the menu, but it is well worth the cost. There are lots of items to choose from including crazy appetizers, sandwiches, burgers (I want to try the sweet meats burger next).Next time you're in North Side, stop by and check this place out!
3	This place was ok. I guess I'm just used to a more interesting menu when I hear "gastropub" and I didn't see anything that really stood out besides the donut burger and that just sounded silly and unappetizing. We started with cocktails, which were GREAT. I got a mint julep that was perfect. Pretend boyfriend got his signature dirty martini on the rocks. He's picky about his martini and he seemed to like it just fine.We were starving and cold after having walked a bit to get here. So we started with some appetizers of the beer soaked potato chips and wings. Both were pretty darn good and I loved the dipping sauces that came with the chips. It was decided that we would just share an entree after devouring our apps. We chose the fish and chips. Nothing too remarkable there. Just fish and chips. Kinda disappointing that the cole slaw that was described on the menu never came. (But to be fair, we didn't ask either.) I guess it should just be there if it's on the menu. James Street has a decent selection of brews. We got a few and sipped them while listening to the cheesy jazz (it was pretty bad, assuming because it was a band of really young kids) coming up from the basement. The atmosphere here is pretty cool. It almost looks like it was a church at one time. The furniture just didn't go with the rest of the decor though. There was just something lacking. Not like that's a huge deal.... it just felt like *something* was missing.  Service was stellar. We loved our server, Kim. She was adorable and sweet.
4	I was in Pittsburgh for business and decided to walk across the river to this place after reading about the sweet meat burger here on Yelp.  I had to have it, two homemade glazed donuts holding a cooked to order burger with bacon.  I have to admit, I didn't eat the whole burger because it was huge.  The bacon sopped up the donut glaze and became candied bacon.  THAT is something the place should sell, candied bacon!Overall, if you're looking for a fun place to go, a nice area to walk around and if you pick the right day you may have the opportunity to take advantage of open mic night.Glad I went.
4	Went last night. I had the chicken wings, which were just alright. My wife had the fried chicken breast, collared greens and cheese grits which were awesome. The other reason I'm giving this place four stars is the ambiance and speakeasy downstairs. Great music, interesting crowd, good location (for me) and pretty good food. I'll definitely go back.
4	Everything about this place was excellent. I haven't really ever ventured into the Northside but I'm glad that we did. Speakeasy downstairs, bar and restaurant upstairs with great service. At first we only got drinks but drinks make you hungry so of course we were going to order food. (The old jazz album menus were an awesome touch!) There were enough vegetarian options and they were actually really good! I love that it was spacious, friendly people working there and lots of street parking. We will def be back.
4	Just hit this place up after reading some of the reviews on here.  Great place if you want a local hangout with decent music and food.  I had the "Sweet Meat", aka, the burger that has a donut for a bun and candied bacon.  The meat was prepared perfectly and had great flavor.  The bun and bacon just put it over the top (in a great way).  The music playing this evening was Jazz and was pretty good for a local spot.  The bartender was great to talk to and definitely loved the place.  Lots of micro-brews and an expanding Scotch/Whiskey selection as well.
5	I will first start off this review by saying if you haven't been here before, you need to visit this place!  My girlfriend and I headed here before the Pirates game this past Tuesday after I found some high ratings for it here on Yelp.  The outside of the restaurant makes it look like the inside of the establishment would be your average neighborhood bar.  That couldn't be further from the truth though as the inside modern chic and they have a really awesome speakeasy downstairs.  There was also upbeat jazz music in the background the whole time we were there and they have live music on the weekends. My girlfriend and I decided to start off our meal with the veggie fries that came with a trio of dipping sauces.  We weren't really sure what to expect from them but whenever they came we saw that we had chosen wisely.  In addition to your normal zucchini fries, there was also portobello and green and red bell pepper fries.  The breading was perfect as it helped to enhance the flavor of the vegetable but was thin enough to let you taste the vegetable as well.  All three dipping sauces (a tomato relish, white cheddar something? and a bacon ranch) were also good with the bacon ranch being my favorite.  For my entree I ordered the Buttermilk Chicken which was a fried buttermilk battered chicken breast with white cheddar grits and collard greens.  The first thing that I noticed whenever my dish came was how large the chicken breast was and that it had a great golden brown color to it.  I was actually impressed with how moist the chicken inside it was but was slightly disappointed in the lack of seasoning in the batter.  This was easily remedied though as I asked for some hot sauce and while waiting for it to come tried some of my grits on top of it.  Both did the trick and I ended up thoroughly enjoying alternating between the two.  The grits by themselves were awesome as they were easily some of the cheesiest grits that I have ever had before.  Finally the collard greens were cooked nicely and had no bitterness to them at all.  When all was said and done it was easily one of the best meals that I have had in the burgh lately.  The server that we had, Jarrett, was also awesome and one of the best that I have had recently.  He was polite and engaging while easily answering all of the questions that we had for him which really helped to enhance our experience here. The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here in the future.  I am actually excited to head back here for not only the food, but to have cocktails on a weekend night and listen to some jazz music.  This is definitely a hidden gem on the North Side!
3	One word: disappointing. But it wouldn't be disappointing if they didn't try to bill it as a "gastropub"! Seriously, how is this a gastropub AT ALL? There's little to no creativity shown on the menu. Meat & Potatoes = gastropub. James Street = bar with decent barfood. Not the same thing.Sandwiches are average to good. Mac and Cheese has been inconsistent (it was great one time, but another time really bad?). Peanut butter wings...weird, not in a good way. But there's really nothing on the menu that sounds all that interesting, except the donut cheeseburger which, i'll admit, sounds pretty tempting but I haven't been in the right mood to try it just yet...The atmosphere on the other hand is really cozy and comfortable, and the drinks are really good! It's a great drinking spot! But a gastropub? I think not. Honestly, it reminded me of Harris Grill in that I love it as a bar but hate it for food.5-stars as a Speakeasy, 2-stars as a Gastropub. Especially with such an amazing food scene happening in Pittsburgh right now, all I have to say to James Street is...try harder.Update: The house salad with bacon, pickled onions, & a peach vinaigrette was bangin'. But it still doesn't equate to gastropub status. Sorry, guys.
4	I have a general philosophy when it comes to breaking up with men: If he breaks your heart, get your best friend, get in the damn car, and drive until it doesn't hurt anymore. Then get some delicious food when you get where ever you landed. Clearly, my most recent ex wasn't significant enough to take me across the country, but I did get to Pittsburgh before I felt better (about a 2 hour drive from AK-Rowdy). Lucky I did too, because James Street Gastropub was... pardon my yankee.... fucking fantastic.Now. If restaurants were like men, this restaurant would be tall, sturdily built, a southern accent, a wicked smile, and a really big.....menu.I had the pipe bombs (flank steak, jalapenos, and did you say Guinness sauce?!), the spinach salad, the buttermilk fried chicken with grits and greens, and creme brulee to fully heal my poor broken heart.Pipe bombs were fantastic and wicked. I wish they had given me more, but, well, ya know, I still had a salad coming and a meal...and dessert. The wonton wrapper was super crispy and the oil they were fried in was clearly fresh. I'll admit to sticking my fingers in the Guinness steak sauce. Normally, salads are kind of a 'meh' affair. Just a way to make you feel better about ordering fried chicken. But this salad was seriously good. The roasted strawberry vinaigrette was a surprise, a very pleasant one.I'm going to tell you something top secret. One of my best friends knows her fried chicken and, up until this point, made the best fried chicken I've ever had, but....come a little closer, I'm not saying this above a whisper....theirs is better. I didn't know what to expect with chicken breast, it usually comes out a bit too dry for my tastes, mostly because it's severely overcooked, but theirs was perfect. Seriously moist with a crunchy, flavorful crust that stuck to the breast instead of flaking off. And cheese grits with greens....slap yo momma good (I don't have a clue where I picked up that phrase. I'm a Texan, and that is not a part of our vernacular.... Though, if you really want to be particular, neither is the word 'vernacular'). Okay. The creme brulee was good. Solid dessert made right. But what I really wanted at the end of that meal was a slice of peach pie. Or sweet potato pie. Preferably peach, but I'll take what I can get.Service-wise, our waiter was kick ass. I should have written this review when I went almost two months ago now....because I can't remember his name. It was a J-name I think, and he had to spell it because I'm a total derp when it comes to names. Anyways, he was a complete sweetheart and kept the glasses full and even made a fresh pot of coffee for me when I asked for a cup even though I told him not to worry about it. (HAH! Read someone else's review, the gentleman in question is Jarrett!)
4	My husband and I have come here twice, each time getting drinks and sharing food.  They have a great beer list, offer many classic and specialty cocktails, and have a very reasonably (read: nothing fancy) priced wine list.  Each time, we both ended up ordering a beer--they always have something new and interesting to try.  There is not much that's veggie-friendly on their menu, even the collard greens and all but one salad have bacon in them!  The non-bacon salad is Caesar, which DOES have anchovy paste.  Mac-and-cheese is "meh."  I wouldn't come here for the food alone, but the H, who is a meat eater, says their burgers are good, as well as the fish and chips.  Just a heads-up to the veggies out there that the options are pretty sparse.I give this place four stars for the service--it's always friendly and right-on.  The atmosphere is also really cool--both times I have been, there has been a live jazz group downstairs, but they also show it upstairs on a big TV so everyone can watch/listen.The menus are in old jazz album covers, bonus points for that!  If you're on the north side, you should give James Street a try.
3	I have been here twice recently in the last month, each time was for lunch.  I am a big fan of places that have some character and aren't just plastered with huge TVs and cheesy 'burgh flare on the walls.  The bar in the spot is beautiful.  The bar area has an interesting set up which I have never seen before (and i have been to a lot of bars).  The there is a divider with elevated two person booths.  hmmm. The menu has some interesting options nothing that I would really classify as gastropub-esque but good options.   I got a salad with fried portabella's and a turkey burger the last time i was there.  The salad was really good.  The portion was decent as well, its always the worst when you try and be healthy but you are just given a cup a lettuce.  The burger was good, not great.  She did ask me "how i wanted my burger cooked" which was a little scary meaning it was a turkey burger.  I wish the turkey burger had a little more flavor, i had to salt, pepper, red hot, the hell out of it.  Fries are an upcharge as well.  meh. My only big gripe is the slow service.  Don't get me wrong the service is friendly but sooo slooooww.  The second time I went it was for some bloodys and burgers but I think it took 20 minutes to get our first drink. You know when you need that bloody mary, its feels like ages!  I think part of the problem is there is one server for lunch who is also the bartender.  Both times I was there the slow service was an issue. Pros: Classic interior, neighborhood feel, larger menu, full barCons: Slow service, food is good, not amazing. Overall:  I am in this neck of the woods a lot so I will def be back.  I would love to see them start doing brunch.  Also, I hear they have a trivia night which would be fun.
4	I had some monster hamburger here which was very good.  The pierogies were awesome too.  Everyone at the table seemed to have a good meal.  I was also pleased with the beer selection, which is pretty much a must if you are going to call yourself a Gastropub.  I feel like if I lived near by I'd be at this place frequently.
2	I want to preface this by saying I have visited the upstairs bar for lunch in the past and thoroughly enjoyed myself.  The male bartender gave excellent friendly service each time and during our visit last night he was no different!  It was when we traveled downstairs to the Speakeasy that the service took a complete turn for the worse. As a big fan of Jazz and the Blues I was very excited to see what the Speakeasy had to offer.  I took a seat at the bar and after about  five minutes was approached by the bartender.  I ordered a glass of wine off the menu and she rudely barked at me that they didn't have that.  I repeated myself saying it was on the menu and pointed toward the bottle.  She poured the glass, brought it over and again very rudely told me the price.  At this point my husband standing behind me had not ordered, we were not offered a tab nor were we thanked or asked if there was anything else we needed.  Perhaps we should have taken a hint a left right then.  My husband attempted to order a fresh lime juice margarita by first asking the bartender what tequilas she carried.  This did not seem like a major request considering the fun and creative cocktail list they offer.  Obviously we were mistaken.  She seemed irritated from the start.  So as not to make her go upstairs for the tequila  and orange liquor my husband wanted he ordered from the selection downstairs, 1800 silver and Gran Marnier with fresh squeezed lime.   As bartenders ourselves this is not a difficult drink!  She seemed very bothered by us refusing to listen to what he wanted.  As she reached for the Roses lime juice he again asked only for fresh juice.  As she salted the glass he again had to ask for no salt.  My husband was finally presented with a glass of 1800 tequila, Gran Marnier and a few lime wedges thrown in.  She totaled our drinks and came back with a price of $26 and change.  My jaw dropped, one glass of wine and a margarita for $26.  That made my husbands margarita $17.  We questioned this and were told that he gets charged for the 1800 margarita plus a glass of Gran Marnier.  Obviously she does not understand what a margarita actually is.  Not willing to stay with this kind of service we asked to speak with a manager.  After storming off to find the manager we spotted them speaking at the bottom of the stairs, the bartender very unhappy and throwing her hands in the air as she explained the situation to her manager.  Finally the manager approached us to address the issue.  Although she was quite friendly her lack of bar knowledge was evident leaving it very difficult to understand the problem.  She did not know or understand the pricing structure as "she is not the bartender".  My husband tried to explain it to her by asking if someone orders a cosmopolitan do you charge them full price for the drink and the orange liquor as the orange liquor is an ingredient in the drink.  Of course you do not but again the lack of bar knowledge left her not understanding.  The manager as I said was friendly and apologized for the service but did not resolve the issue. We will give James St one more try as this was our first negative experience.  However, if we see that bartender again we will walk right out the door.  As a couple of bartender ourselves bad service is something we absolutely do not tolerate.
3	I had high hopes for James Street, but I can only say that it was okay.  The cocktail I ordered, a cucumber gin fizz was delicious and the food I had, the chicken sandwich  on a pretzel bun was good, but not anything special.  The fried vegetable appetizer was pretty good--especially with the sauces they served with it, but the beer chips were underwhelming.  To bill a restaurant as a gastropub, I was hoping for a little more creative flair to the food.The service was friendly, but sometimes painfully slow.  We were there for a little more than 2 hours for a single round of drinks, appetizers, and dinner (one member of  our party ordered a second cocktail, but it was never delivered).    While I understand the limitations of a small kitchen, I feel like they could have better prepared since we had made a reservation a week ahead of time.
5	Plenty of tasty food, even for vegetarians. Being from Tennessee, I was so happy to see a good variety of southern staples, with a Pittsburgh twist, on the menu!
5	Has to get five stars just for the quality-to-value. Thanks Yelpers for the meatloaf recommendation. Amazing, and a great selection of beers for my first ever night staying in Pitt.  Looks like a nice kids menu as well.
1	I went on a Sunday night alone... the hostess made it clear to me that she was doing me a huge favor by allowing me to sit downstairs in the speakeasy.  One of the reasons I am so disappointed is because of all the high Yelp reviews. I was hoping with ever fiber of my being to replicate a similar wonderful dining experience.  I have been planning this dinner for months. But no such luck for me. Here goes.I arrived at 5:30 pm, no reservation. I request to be seated downstairs again I am dining alone, upon entering the restaurant the hostess takes 2 minutes to continue adjusting her slip before even greeting me.  Who wears a slip anymore? Lady the entrance to a restaurant is no place to be getting your under garments in order. I go downstairs and sit at a high top right near the bar, my chair is wobbly,. The mean age of diners on this particular evening was 72 I had envisioned a more diverse crowd. I had to check the front of the menu to make sure I had read correctly that this was a speakeasy. My waitress made one fetal mistake...please read on...One of my BIGGEST pet peeves is not being read the specials.  Why can I never have the specials read to me? A table that came in 15 minutes after me got the specials read to them and me I get nothing. Listen up waitresses if you act like I am not going to tip you then you're not going to get a tip end of story. I was dining alone there was hardly any work to be done at all. It really makes me so angry to be treated differently then the next guest because of some perceived prejudice...read me the specials gosh!  Needless to say my waitress made a $1.00 tip....her problem not mine.Okay so I wanted to get an Angus steak with fried oysters(the rhythm and blues) ....they were out of Angus steak even though it was on the menu, but my waitress was kind enough to tell me I could have the rib-eye with oysters for an $8 dollar up charge. No apology no nothing. Just real matter of fact.  Really I have to pay more for you not having advertised food??? Okay so I attempted to order 3  different  type of beers that were printed on the menu, oh wait you don't have any of them...okay so I attempted to order the braised short rib oh you don't actually carry that anymore? Then take it off the damn menu! Listen James Street Speakeasy, I can revise and print you a new menu FOR FREE it would take me less than 5 minutes to accomplish.I think if I were 65 years old and only wanted a turkey burger and a Yuengling I would have been a much happier camper. I ended up getting a 16oz ribeye with three friend oysters.. and a side of greens.  I had asked for my greens to come out as an appetizer.   I didn't get those until 20 minutes later with my entree.   The steak tasted like a flame broiled burger from Burger King it was not even hot! I could have cried from frustration and disappointment. My total bill for dining ALONE was $43.00 for a ribeye steak and too pumpkin ales, this place is a joke to me. Well $44.00 since I gave the waitress a dollar.
4	I was recommended to go here and oddly enough I was also told this place wasn't that special. I ended up here by luck after my mother who is very impatient when she is hungry wouldn't wait 5 minutes for a table at another restaurant and oh my goodness I'm glad she is impatient. I ordered the cowboy crunch burger and it was awesome. I typically don't finish anything and I finished this burger.  It came with the homemade potato chips and they were perfect and thin and just the right amount of salt. I'll be happy to have this in the options going forward when the "I don't know where do you want to eat" starts.The ambiance was not what I expected and it could be so much cooler, but the food was excellent.
3	I am giving James Street Speakeasy two additional stars.  One of the owners Adam took the time to comment on my review and I appreciate that kind of involvement.Hell maybe I will try back just not on a Sunday if I want steak!
3	I really, really, wanted to like James Street Gastropub.I went with a large group for dinner before a 10PM show.  We had about 2 hours for dinner, which I thought would be plenty of time.  Our waitress was nice enough to inform us that the kitchen was small, it was busy, and that service would be a little slow.  We barely made it out of there in time!My cocktail was good, and the fried vegetable appetizer was good.  I wish our waitress would have let us know what the sauces were, as one definitely had bacon in it (which I found out after eating it, oops).  But, I didn't blame her for that.  My issue came when my meal came.  I had ordered the veggie sandwich with a side of collard greens.  Nowhere on the menu did it say that the collard greens were cooked in bacon.  It did say "classic collard greens",  which I guess means loaded with bacon.  I just wish our waitress was a bit more attentive and I could have switched up my order.Other than that, the food was decent.  I was prepared for slower service with a large group, but I was disappointed in the time it took for our meals to come out and the time it took for our drinks to come out (and subsequent drink rounds).
3	i really like this place - vibe was good, service was very good, music was entertaining and the space is nice.  the cocktails were ok, but they ran out of some of the beers i wanted to try.  the rating is for the totally disappointing food.unfortunately, my experience was that the food sounded better than it actually was.  on the whole, the food lacked SEASONING, as in there was NO seasoning at all, not an iota, not a speck - just bland bland food.  i had the pipe bombs (wonton wrapped steak, peppers, cheese), buttermilk chicken with white cheddar grits and collard greens, wings, and something else that was forgettable.  the steak in the pipe bombs needed to be seasoned before cooking, neither the chicken itself nor the breading had any seasoning whatsoever, the grits were totally tasteless and you couldn't taste the white cheddar, the greens had no flavor, and the hot wings had no heat at all.  even a small amount of salt would've made a world of difference but there was nothing.  further, even if the chicken entree had flavor, it's way overpriced ($17) for the super cheap ingredients and cooking techniques involved.when the server asked how the food was, i was honest but nice (i mean, how else will they know?).  he seemed receptive to my comments, but also said they leave the seasoning up to the customer.  uh, i can see leaving adjustment of the salt level up to the customer, but there has to be some flavor to begin with.  people don't go out to eat for bland food, only to have to make it taste like something because the cook is lazy.  i certainly would not pay $17 an entree for that experience.  also, i ordered the wings hot - that means they're supposed to be cooked and come out spicy.  i don't mean they were slightly spicy and that was their version of hot, i mean there was no spice at all.in sum, good place to drink but not eat.  if they could get it together in the kitchen, it would be a really nice place.
4	Good atmosphere, good show. Didn't go to the restaurant but attended a show upstairs.
5	Wow what an enjoyable time we had at this unique and charming spot. Just a fun place with great people there and awesome food! We started with the Veggie Fries with 3 dipping sauces. Deep fried slices of Green Peppers, Red Bell Peppers, Portabella Mushrooms and Onions. Something for everyone here. Then I had the Twisted Chicken on Pretzel Bun. Terrific. My wife enjoyed her Steak Salad served with corn fritter croutons. I also tried some of the Crab Cake and Pulled Pork sandwiches. All very good taste combinations. Don't miss their homemade Potato Chips! Do not judge this on its outside appearance. Go in and enjoy!
5	We really liked this place, which was within walking distance from where we were staying. I went with a group of four on a Friday night for drinks and a snack at the bar upstairs. I got some creamy raspberry and vodka concoction, which was delicious. The guys tried some interesting beers and were offered a sample of another they wanted to try. I got the pierogies, which were very good, and then we headed out.The next day, we were back for another snack while our friends were having some down time. I got the "Suds and Spuds", which I've gotta say was about the most delicious snack I've ever had - homemade beer soaked potato chips with tomato relish, cheddar sour cream, and spicy bacon ranch dipping sauces. Needless to say, we left quite jealous that we don't live in Pittsburgh and won't get to become regulars. The drinks aren't cheap, but if I lived in the area, I could easily see myself there at least once or twice a month.
3	Having lived just off of James street for a few years when I first moved to Pittsburgh, I've seen a few businesses come and go at this location. Unfortunately,  while I hope I'm wrong, I'll be really surprised if this iteration of the James Street Tavern sticks around much longer than its predecessors.We've been there a two times and neither time left us thrilled. The first time was for lunch. I got a simple buffalo chicken sandwich that was so-so. The chicken was dry and a little chewy, which made the meal feel too much like your average bar food. That would be fine, but when you walk into a really cool, old building like this, it's fair to say that your initial hopes are higher than "typical bar food"...even for lunch. Perhaps our outlook was tainted by our lofty expectations, so we decided to go again...for dinner.Dinner started out well enough. We were met by a very nice waiter. Unfortunately, he was almost too pushy when it came to the menu. We asked for advice, but there wasn't a lot of genuine feedback from him. His advice was way too "I like everything on the menu" for me. Let's be real...no one likes everything on the menu. Regardless, I opted for the oyster po boy. Granted, this was after seeing one of the kitchen workers leave the bathroom without washing his hands. I wanted to leave, but we had already ordered drinks and I figured I'd test my immune system and stay. Unsurprisingly, it left me uncomfortable the entire meal. Anyway, the po boy was simply more po boy than oyster. There really wasn't a whole lot of fried oysters on the sandwich, which more-or-less left me with a lot of toppings on a bun. The flavor was okay, but nothing special. I got a side of fries, which were good, though. Hard to go wrong with triple fried fries! My wife ordered the buttermilk chicken dinner. The chicken was good, but she wasn't a fan of the sides. I can't hold that against them, though, as grits aren't my favorite thing, regardless of how they're prepared.The pros? Nice atmosphere in the dining area (I haven't been downstairs during the Speakeasy's current run), a great beer list (some on tap, many in bottles), and nice servers. Also, the suds & spuds are really good. Subtle beer flavor in the chips made them interesting without tasting too much like beer.Cons? The food is simply average. I'm willing to try it again, but I'm just not convinced that the third time will be a charm.
4	I've really been loving this place lately. The food is pretty fantastic. Try out the mac and cheese and Twisted Chicken Sandwich is a must try. We had wings one night for wing night. It was BOGO wings with a nice selection. I am also always able to find a good beer there to try. Prices are a bit high, but I think on the North Side they have to do that to keep out the bad crowd.I really want to go back for open mic night. I hear it's awesome. Every other Tuesday I believe, in the downstairs area.
5	Best cob salad! Great beer selection. Meatloaf amazing.
4	Great place... period.   As a dedicated North Sider, this place brings me back to the original James Street Tavern, only better.  The food is good and sometimes very good.  The menu is pub style and I have tried nearly everything on the menu at this point with little disappointment.   The key takeaways if you are considering:Food:  Good food, but not exotic.  It says gastropub but not by NYC standards but who cares.  Appetizer menu is limited and a few more healthy choices would help.  I do love the fried oysters though, for me perfect every time.  Some friends have found them spotty.  Burgers are tasty, I like them all.   Food gets a 3.5 starsDrink:  Great bartenders generally speaking and drinks are relatively fairly priced.  Drafts are solid, nothing earth shattering but it is not a craft beer haven.  Mixed drinks solid, again nothing exotic but always a good and fair pour.  Drink gets 4 starsAtmosphere:  What can you say, it's the James Street.   Jazz oozes out of the rafters, day and night.   With their steady stream of jazz nightly it has become the go-to jazz club in the city.   Atmosphere gets 4.5 starsTotal = 4.0 stars.  Very good in my view.  Would like to see some menu changes, and maybe even a few more exotic gastropub like specials.   No complaints though... all good here.
2	I want to love this place, as the decor/bones are great and food is a bit more interesting than other North Side spots. Good beer selection too (tho that's common in neighborhood). The problem is the service. Whether it's a crowded night with bands playing or a quiet one as it was tonight (2 tables in dining room, 6 at the bar, 3 small booths occupied) the service is lousy. And it comes from the top. On one of the three times I was trying to waive down help (once to get a beer that I ordered three times, twice again to get check) I was waiving at owner and lead bartender to no effect. I live on the North Side and I and my neighbors -- who have had the same kinds of experiences -- want tis place to succeed and be better.
5	Completed our 3rd trip here within 4 months. This trip included their awesome Veggie Fries with the addition of the Cajun Wings. As other people have stated VERY good wings.  This recent trip I decided to try the house special "Sweet Meat" Burger... Wow!   What a unique and tasty flavor combination. The glazed donut type bun and sweet onion mayo along with Angus burger and smokey bacon?!?!  Happiness!!  Great beers and our waiter was terrific as always! We love this place!!
1	Let's start with what's right - the bartender/waiter was nice and the establishment seemed to attract an "ok" crowd.  Now to what's wrong - the food was terrible, beyond terrible, just really terrible.  I've had MUCH better prepackaged hummus and the falafel was not palatable.  I'm very grateful that this bar was not my introduction to Mediterranean food.  However, here's my disclosure, I'm a foodie, and I probably should stay away from bars when dining out, so I take some responsibility for my disappointment.   However, the next time I want what tastes like previously frozen food from Giant Eagle's freezer, I think I'll just go to Giant Eagle.  When it comes to the food, buyer beware.
3	My mom and I ended up here for dinner to use a City Dining Card and it was a pleasant surprise! It's in such a quaint part of the North Side and I was shocked I had never been here before. The atmosphere was pretty down-to-earth, low key. The staff was really friendly upon us entering and sat us right away. I also was surprised to see that they change the table cloth after each seating. Everything was clean and the wall photos of musicians were really cool. The food was pretty good. I had the crab cake sandwich and my mom had the shrimp po boy with a side salad. I'd give my crab cake a 3 out of 5 - it wasn't my favorite but it was decent. My mom really enjoyed her sandwich but didn't eat her whole bun as it was a little over-powering to the shrimp itself. She ended up finishing the shrimp on its own. We didn't get a chance to stay for the live music that goes on downstairs in the speakeasy part of the restaurant, but I'm hoping next time maybe it will be a good spot to just stop and have a drink and listen to live music after dinner somewhere else.
3	(2 1/2 stars rounded up to 3)I've found myself mostly stuck in restaurant mediocrity lately, but that has more to do with the types of restaurants I've been choosing (not me, but the people I've been with) than any particular fault of the establishments themselves.  We just all have different preferences and ideas of what we think is good, but enough with stating the obvious.Once again, I find myself saying this just really isn't my kind of place, but I could see it appealing to some, particularly if you're looking to go to a place that features live jazz and serves good ol' southern style belly busting meals.  I happened to be there at a time when live music wasn't playing, but I've heard good things about the Jazz scene here and the place has the right ambience for it.I had the Steeltown Sirloin sandwich and it came with a nice side of homemade style potato chips that ensure you get enough carbs with the meal - even if you're eating for 2 - but better to have too much than not enough, right?  The sandwich was ok, nothing all that special, and the bun was good (thinking Breadworks?) other than being soggy on the bottom, which didn't bother me all that much but seems worth noting.This place certainly isn't outrageously expensive, but it's not cheap either. For the money you're likely to spend here, there are a myriad of other places you could go in the city, so unless you're bent on dining to live jazz (be sure to check ahead on times this is featured) or you want to stay very proximal to AGH for some reason, keep that in mind.P.S. They do have a decent drink list if you're not dining with a group of puritanical teetotalers.  After all, it is a pub.
4	My boyfriend and I have been here a few times now and we have always had a really good time. Great beer selection, bottles and tap, and knowledgeable (and super friendly!) bar staff - that's all I really want out of a bar at step one and they nailed it.Food-wise I've tried to shrimp po-boy and the fish and chips. The fish and chips weren't bad; not great but not bad, either. The batter on the fish had a hint of sweetness to it that I really enjoyed, but the fries didn't do a whole lot for me. Then again, I still think McDonald's has some of the greatest fries ever of anywhere so ... there's that. ;)The shrimp po-boy was really effing delicious, one of the best I've ever had! My only complaint against it was that the sandwich bread was really super dense. There seemed to be way too much in regards to the toppings. The shrimp were scrum-diddly-umptious, though. :D I love the atmosphere of this place and I think it's great addition to the Northside. It definitely has that speakeasy feel (without the outrageous prices of one downtown speakeasy *cough*): low lighting, dark wood, spacious. If any of that makes sense.I have not been there during any of the live music performances, but I am pumped that they have Roger Humphries playing there now. Totally checking that shiz out.
5	We came here during Craft Beer Week since there was a Brooklyn brewery beer tasting + Sinful Sweets pairing. We went to Penn Brewery first and had a very poor experience just trying to get seated (waited forever just to be acknowledged, were finally seated with menus, and were then rudely told by another employee that we had to move because there was a wait). So we opted to leave. No sense in giving money to a place that doesn't quite value our experience or know what the shiz is going on, y'know?We took the short drive to James Street Gastropub and Speakeasy and it was immediately better. We got a spot in their parking lot which was great; it gets so old paying for street parking everywhere (I'm looking at you Southside!). We quickly got the attention of an employee and got a table for dinner. Our waiter, Zach, was great and very attentive. They had run out of promo glasses (you got one if you ordered a Brooklyn beer) but he snagged one someone had left. It was a nice gesture, you know? :) We ordered the oysters which were very delicious (they're out of the shell and fried with a cajun breading with a horseradish sauce on the side) and we had the three times fried fries, although they didn't seem like they had been thrice fried, they were still tasty. Their beer, wine, and cocktail list is extensive and there is most definitely something tasty for people of all preferences. I was the DD tonight, but they had cider which I appreciated as a pretty big cider advocate. The vibe here is wonderful, intimate yet casual, and the music they play is awesome. You won't hear any pop-y trash in this place, which is a nice change of pace. The bartender was also friendly, and the manager checked on us after making a beer suggestion to go with the oysters. It felt a bit like we belonged here, which was great. I'm definitely keeping this on my list of places to re-visit!
3	It was my first trip back to James Street since they were James Street Tavern years and years ago and I guess I wasn't surprised that a lot has changed. Firstly, my food was delicious and everyone I was with said the same about what they ordered. My burger was cooked perfectly. I had pulled pork & bacon on it and the BBQ sauce was dripping with flavor, ahhh. One of my favorite burgers I've had to date.The ambiance was just okay which is where the three stars come from. We went on a Friday night to hear the live jazz band that was playing. Jazz  bands play in the basement of the place. It's dark down there and has a big pub feel to it which is cool. It's crazy loud though! I spent the evening screaming to my friends and was grateful for times when the band would take intermission to be able to talk at a normal level.The band was fun and really talented. It was great seeing them goof off on stage. It wasn't exactly bluesy New Orleans jazz though; more like a muddling of jazz, pittsburgh polka, and rock. It was a good time with a group of 4. Taking a date there is probably a bad idea if you want to talk. You could always grab a table on the main level though I suppose where it seemed to be quieter. But even if you can't talk, the tasty food will keep you busy in those inaudible times of jazzy inspiration.
4	First off, I had a lot of expectations coming into this place. My wife and I enjoy jazz music and I have never been to a place that offers live jazz. In my mind I was was expecting this place to be like the jazz club in one of my favorite movies "That Thing You Do", The Blue Dot, a smokey jazz club with lots of neon. James Street is definitely not that place. It is, however, an awesome restaurantWhen we walked into the 19th century building we were greeted by the hostess who showed us to our reserved table in the Speakeasy for my birthday dinner. As you walk down the stairs the walls are autographed by all of the musicians who have had the honor to perform here. The main room has a dozen or so tables and a partitioned part of the floor where the musicians play. Walking into the second (separated only by a slotted partition) is the bar which has nice baseboard lighting.  The hostess showed us our table which had a nice "reserved" plaque. On to the drink! One thing that I REALLY loved about this place was its extensive beer list. As a craft beer aficionado I was pleased to see such brews as Great Divide (Yeti Imperial Stout), Blue Point (Sour Cherry Imperial Stout, $10) and local brews like Church Brew Works (Saaz Monster). The menu has beer listed by type for easy reference. In addition to the extensive beer/draft list they also have several cocktails spanning both the Prohibition era (The Old Fashioned) and Modern time (Vanilla Lemon Drop)I really enjoyed the food at this place. We started off with the "Suds and Spuds" appetizer which are homemade beer battered chips ($7) as well as the Pipe Bombs, which are steak and pepper wontons in a Guinness sauce ($9). For the entree, I had the James Street Meatloaf ($16) which came with a corn fritter and AMAZING smashed red potatoes with a creamy corn sauce. My favorite part of the meal....hands down the smashed potatoes. The meatloaf was pretty good but, in my opinion, was nothing to ring home about. It was kind of dry to be honest.  The potatoes were so good. I could literally eat an entire plate. My wife got the Cajun Grilled Shrimp and Grits ($19) and she loved it. The big Tiger shrimp were delicious and the grits were creamy. All in all, I would absolutely recommend this place. The food prices are a bit high for a standard dinner out but definitely a place to go if you want a unique experience to hear live music while you eat. Check their website (www.jamesstreetgastropub.com) for the event schedule.
5	Was invited to lunch and, honestly, I was a bit intimidated.  I have been to a few "gastropubs" and I just cannot get the image of a bloated belly out of my head anytime I hear/see that name.I am happy to report that, once again, my mental image be darned, the food was fantastic.  These gastopubs know what they are doing.  I did go easy with a Chicken Cobb salad - but it was fantastic.  Great mix of crispy bacon, avocado, and a hefty chicken breast left me one happy customer.Looking forward to a great new lunch spot, with parking, on the North Side!Oh, and while I did not partake, the beer selection was very extensive & impressive.
4	Good cold beer and a nice selection of wine make this neighborhood tavern a real treat. Jazz played downstairs on the weekends. The waitstaff and bartenders very friendly and attentive. The patrons very colorful and entertaining. The food was good but not great. I'd be here often if I lived in Pittsburgh.
3	Based on my experience during a quiet workday during lunch, I think this is a pretty decent place; I came here recently with some coworkers for lunch and really enjoyed my time here. The place was pretty empty - I bet this is not the case during evenings and weekends - so my table could talk at ease without having to yell at each other over other customers or loud TVs and music. Always a plus!Everyone overall received very delicious looking dishes; I personally would have enjoyed more crabcake on my crabcake sandwich - there was more bread than meat and I ended up having 1/4 of a bun left when I finished the best part of the sandwich - but hey, the fries were pretty darn delicious, so kudos for that.I'd definitely come back seeing as everyone else enjoyed their meals, but will not ordering the crabcake sandwich again; too disappointing. I also want to come back to try a drink or two, seeing as lunch during a workday is not the ideal time to order a beer - hopefully I get to do that soon!
5	Cool atmosphere, awesome Cajun fried oysters and spot on negronis.  Highly recommend.
2	Maybe I am spoiled or just am to old school for Jazz Clubs here in Pittsburgh.  But I remember when the performer was on stage that YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH AND LISTENED TO THE MUSIC!!!!!!!!!!  I know why BOB and Susan are getting divorced, I know Helen has bunions and the Doctor she goes too is a crook.,  but didnt get a chance to hear some great music.  Its not the same when Mr. Poole owned it.  The food is subpar, and not even presented well.  Im just saying, when Mr Poole owned the Place, you knew what to expect Great Music, Great Drinks, Great Food, and GREEAAAATTTTT Service.
5	Great drinks and music
5	A gem of the Northside!Great brews.Great food.Great atmosphere.Great staff.Love it!
4	My experience with James Street is limited so bear with me. A group of us stumbled upon JS after getting to Park House and seeing that it was not open yet. We weren't sure what expect, but were pleasantly surprised with the staff and knowledge of beer. I can't remember the bartenders' name, but she def knew her stuff and was fun to talk to. The owner went out of her way to make sure we were happy and taken care of, even though she spent a good deal of time promoting the bar even though we were from out of town.The beer selection is pretty good. I did not try any of the food so I can't really comment on that. If / when I come back to Pittsburgh, I'll def visit James Street.
5	James Street has quickly become my favorite jazz club in Pittsburgh. The musicians that play there are some of the best in the city, and I like how there are two sections, so you know that the people who choose to sit in the speakeasy are going to actually appreciate/listen to the music. The menu has a great selection of drinks and food. I have yet to order something I didn't like. I also think it's nice how there is a different cover for sitting at a table vs. sitting at the bar. As a music student who is still in college, it is not always easy for me to put down $15 just to be able to sit in during a jam session. At Little E's, I was constantly pestered for money (even for a glass of water with my meal). James Street has a really laid back atmosphere, and I will definitely be visiting as frequently as I can.
5	For my Twenty-Ten Birthday celebration I was in search of a place that combined my favorite things... Beer, Tasty Food, and Music.  What I found was James Street Gastropub & Speakeasy, or as I call it "My Favorite Pittsburgh Discovery."I've been to James St. many times, but haven't written a review because I have never been able to express how much I love this place.  From the old jazz albums used as menu covers to the HUGE beer selection... This is my happy place.  On my first visit I selected the Meatloaf, smashed redskins, warm corn fritter, sweet creamed corn sauce.  I never tasted a meatloaf so good.  Incredibly filling but SO good.  Better than Mom's.Since then I've tried the Singin the Bleu's Burger, Twisted Chicken, Oyster Po Boy, and several other items.  I've never left dissatisfied or hungry.  Also they have an excellent cocktails list!  For my party, a friend bought the PB&J Martini for me.  I didn't know what to expect but it was surprisingly tasty!If you're a live music fan, check out the Speakeasy.  It has live bands all the time to go with your food and drink.  I love just sipping my beer and listening to local jazz.  James Street combines everything I love and I look forward to going back every chance I get.
3	Excellent craft beer list and hot, fresh food. Didn't get to experience live music but, but the look of it, the size of the place probably leads to really loud music. Would definitely go back for the food.
5	One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh, James street has excellent food, a good beer selection with lots of rotating taps, and the best live jazz scene in western Pennsylvania.  There is a burger with a bun made of donuts on the menu.  Order it, then go home and cross that item off of your bucket list.  The bar features one of the best selections of craft beer bombers in the city, though they can be a tad on the pricey side.  Wednesday nights features a great trivia night, no one can top geeks who drink for quality questions/categories.  Every weekend features live, free jazz in the basement.  It's a place that will even impress your snobby friends from new York city!
4	I made my first trip to James Street Gastropub & Speakeasy this past weekend. Boy, I have been missing out!  I am a huge fan.  We were seated immediately by a super friendly hostess and our waitress was promptly there for drinks. I loved the atmosphere, the crowd was very eclectic. The dining room is separated from the bar area.  You can definitely bring a large crowd and sit in the dining room.  The bar had TVs, so we were able to catch some of the Pens game. :)  They have a nice craft beer selection, and what appeared to be some super yummy cocktails.  My BF and I both chose beers.  For appetizers the server recommended, her fave, the Cajun oysters! YUM!  They were cooked perfectly and the seasoning was banging!For our entrees I chose the Crab Cake sandwich and my BF went with the Sweet Meat burger....let me tell you about that. Holy Cow. It is a burger with a homemade donut bun. It looked intense, but my BF swears that it was delicious and the perfect blend of sweet and salty.  My crab cake was really yummy!  Plenty of lump crab and not a lot of filler. We both chose the homemade onion rings. Good choice.  I LOVE when restaurants make onion rings from scratch, and these did NOT disappoint.I will definitely be back. We didn't get to hear any live music, but the food and service were excellent! I recommend this spot to anyone who's looking for a nice evening out!
3	I highly recommend finding out what time performers will be on at before venturing out here for the Speakeasy. We arrived at 12:15 AM expecting to hear Jazz and were disappointed to find out the gig ended at midnight. It would have been a more enjoyable experience if we'd come for a late dinner (between 8 PM and 12 AM) to see a show.There were about nine beers - most of which were craft. Lastly, I think the kitchen closes before 12:15 AM because there were no plates out when we arrived, but I may be wrong.
4	I always have a great time here.  Their beer selection is top notch.  Service is always fast and friendly.  If you follow them on Twitter, you'll see all the specials (they were awesome during the Pirates season). I haven't had a chance to eat here yet, so I'll update my review once I do.  I've heard from trustworthy friends that the food is also excellent, so be sure to try James St!
5	I am in town for a conference and we went here to get dinner and listen to the live jazz band. The food was incredible and the band was absolutely wonderful. During dinner the service was pretty slow and the food took a while to come out but the staff was very friendly and the food was definitely worth the wait.
4	A really nice atmosphere, some good food, excellent selection of craft beer, and oh yeah, free parking on the north side? Adds up to a winner! After some initial issues during our last visit (now resolved thanks to the owners Lisa and Adam) we really LIKE this place!!!  It's so nice to see when the owners take a personal interest in assuring everyone that comes in has an enjoyable experience and has a good time. It really does make a difference! Kudos to Lisa and Adam!The food is excellent! I highly recommend the onion rings - they are among the best I've ever had! The special secret buttermilk-based coating and the thickness of the onions themselves really contribute to a fabulous taste experience! These are NOT your typical frozen out of the bag onion rings! Oh no! These are truly memorable! The burgers are good and mine was cooked exactly as I asked! When was the last time THAT'S happened anywhere? I had the cowboy crunch which was a spicy devil full of flavor and topped with corn chips. While the corn chips added some crunch, the burger was the real star. Yum indeed!! My wife got the twisted chicken and loved it! So much so that I never even got a bite!  That's saying something!In truth, this is more like a 4 1/2 star rating. You'll like it here. If only they had more craft beer on tap (which I prefer over the bottle selection) I'd bump it up to five. But believe me, you'll find some good food and some good drink here. Isn't that what you're looking for? Give it a try!
3	Located just across the river, from downtown, we visited while on a train layover. Based on Yelp recommendations and a thirst for craft beer, we sought it out. Upon entry, we were greater by a mix of local bar and jazz club. More than half full, the restaurant was rather loud for  a Monday night but service was prompt. Sharon reviewed the beer list and specials and offered numerous suggestions.We began with spinach artichoke dip although the menu read artichoke dip AND chefs choice hummus, we were told it was a misprint and it was OR. it was served was, not hot, with celery, pita chips, and bell pepper. OK, but nothing to write home about and definitely worth $9. Dinner was a turkey burger for me, with chips, for me and steak sandwich with onion rings for my wife. Both were fine but chips were greasy and a little stale.Enjoyed Rogue Imperial Stout, on draft. Overall, a decent meal but not likely to make a return visit.
5	"Good for kids:  no"???????  Are we talking about the same restaurant?  This is one of my 6-year-olds favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Every staff member we've interacted with at James Street is great with kids:  patient, funny, and willing to accommodate weird kid-requests.  On one visit, my daughter requested a chocolate chip cookie for dessert (at the beginning of our meal) and our server said they were out of them.  Then, as we finished eating, she emerged from the kitchen with a single, piping hot, gooey chocolate chip cookie.  "The chef said he'd make one just for you tonight," she said.  Sure, someone just thawed out and baked some frozen cookie dough--- but it made my daughter's night and permanently ensconced James St. In her heart.   We've never taken advantage of this deal, but on Monday nights, you get a free kids' meal with an order of an entree!The food here is consistently good and some of it is absolutely delicious.  We love the onion rings, the grits appetizer, and the grilled vegetable sandwich.  And the beer menu is fantastic!The live music does get loud even in the upstairs seating area, but it's nothing like the blaring televisions or piped-in recorded music that often ruins meals at chain restaurants.  Even my parents, who ALWAYS complain about the noise at restaurants, find the noise level here to be tolerable and easy to have a conversation over.  And if you're there because of the music... even better.We don't choose James Street when we're in a hurry, but why would you want to hurry here?  This is a place to linger, talk, laugh as loudly as you want to, and relax with friends and family.  I'm willing to wait a little longer for food that is fresh and well prepared.  Every neighborhood needs a restaurant like James Street!
4	Food was good but at 300pm they were out of several items. Pretty good selection of beers.
1	Great speakeasy music, but pricy food and weird rule about sitting at table (15 min per person) on jazz jam night , so 30 buck min if me and my gal wanna go out on A Tuesday or we sit at bar wit no min and have huge wall between us and music.... Kinda sucks when other areas open jam night  such as club cafe is southside has no cover or minimum to sit at table ... Kinda gave me feel of a uppity place when I was asked to spend more money or move.. Like poor people sit in crappy seats even though their are tons of tables open
4	Delicious pierogies and great fried Atlantic Cod. Seriously it was buttery and flaky and perfect. The only thing that doesn't give this review five stars is that my husband got the gumbo and it didn't have crawfish or okra. The spices were pretty dead on but if you're going to make gumbo, and we respect the seafood limitations of the region, you need to at least have okra. Also, if you're going to charge $23 for gumbo it really should have crawfish. Other than that the service was great and the onion rings are phenomenal. Beer selection is superb and I didn't need more than one Moscow mule before I was feeling it. I will definitely come back.
5	I want to talk about James Street as a Jazz and dance venue.  I went to hear their Charles Mingus Festival this past weekend and was amazed by the musicianship and quality of the sound.  This is a great club to hear live Jazz, they have marvelous musicians and a good stage.  I have also been upstairs to dance to live music and that's a lot of fun.  The stage upstairs is very narrow, but somehow the musicians get it to work.  The dance floor is excellent, this is the best club in town for swing dancing.  The staff works really hard, even when the club is packed with people.
4	My wife and I have been quasi regulars at the Gastropub for a couple of years. The food is great, the staff friendly, and the music is awesome. My only complaint is that the kitchen seems to get backed up regularly making the service painfully slow at times.
4	It's so refreshing to go to a place off the beaten track with its own unique voice and style. I'll admit that I am by no means a jazz connoisseur, but I do enjoy some good jazz with a nice stiff drink once in a while. The place is cool and hip yet brings an older crowd from the neighborhood. The happy hour here is good- the last time I went I had a Vesper martini (I love Casino Royale, don't judge me!). The wait staff is actually really nice- I originally asked if the Vesper was on the happy hour special and he originally said no- but came back later with the drink and apologized for making a mistake. While the upstairs is more open with TV's and has more of a sports bar feel, downstairs is where the action happens, with a stage for live music and a dance floor. I've never had food here, but I've read pretty good reviews about it. The live music is the obvious highlight here, and I'm actually going there for some music and swing dancing tonight!
2	The staff was very friendly. The appetizers came out frozen in the middle, lukewarm on the outside. Food was nothing more than generic bar food. The staff took our food to package it up and began throwing used napkins and random table garbage on top. Overall nothing special.
5	First, let me say that this was my first outing after finding out my new dietary restriction.  I am so happy we ended up here because they were so accommodating to my needs.  From the moment we walked in we were greeted with warm...good thing too, as it was freezing outside.  We arrived before the dinner rush and after the lunch rush had ended.  It was more like a happy hour crowd, read that as the bar was filled, but the dining area was not.  We opted for the two seater booth that kind of overlooks the whole place.  We were able to see the bar clearly, over top all the other patrons heads, and we were able to peer down into the dining area.  These seats give you the right respective to just how enormous this place is.  Huge plus that we sat here, we were able to see the draft selections and really didn't have to ask our server (I believe her name was Sharon, if not, I'm sorry, but you were terrific).We started off with an appetizer, the Veggie Fries.  Good combination of veggies I would have never put together, coated and then deep fried.  However, I'm not a mushroom person, therefore I about gagged when I got to that one.  The dipping sauces that accompany were great, I couldn't get enough of the spicy bacon one, I wanted a bottle of that to come home with me.For my main course I stuck with a burger.  Turkey burger to be precise.  Cooked perfectly, with a little bit of a crust on the outside and tender on the inside.  Topped with red onions, sprouts, Muenster cheese, and a sweet tomato guacamole.  My god, that guacamole was amazing, I did NOT add anything to the burger, no need for condiments on this one.  I decided to upgrade to the hand cut fries, good choice.  Lightly seasoned, and fried in soybean oil (thank you again to Sharon, she went back to check it wasn't peanut or corn oil).  My friend ordered the Grilled Veggie, and I heard no complaints from her way.We both opted for a beer as well, a very nice mixture of beers on tap and in the can.As for the price tag, not too shabby.  We expected it to actually be more because the food was so good, but were pleasantly surprised at the end of our meal.Tip: Do a little research for parking before you come this way.  I had no clue as to where this was or how parking is done.  Most of the parking right near here is residential permit parking between certain hours.  Half a block away is a public parking lot, also there is parking on Western Ave. which is also half a block away.
5	Based on ambiance and cool factor alone, I give this place 5 stars. I walked in the front door on a Friday night and followed my ears to the basement. I walk into a great sax solo and jazz performance; keys, drums, bass. I go the bar, order a sazerac and listen amidst OG jazz cats in fedoras and stingy brims. They talk about jazz greats all night, I enjoy the closest thing to a time/era machine I can get.
3	The atmosphere here is great and everyone is super friendly. They held a table for six about 45 minutes on a Saturday night while we waited for our party to arrive. That in combination with the amazing cocktails is the only reason they are getting three stars. The dark and stormy and the lemon drop were beyond amazing. The food was very average. The one thing that really bugged me was my med rare burger. I always order my burgers well done. I assume if they don't ask how I want it cooked it will be somewhere between med and well. This burger was bloody. Gross. I would've sent it back but it took an hour to make the the first time, and the waitress was no where to be found. Luckily the fries were good. I may return for cocktails but not anytime soon.
4	Great spot for lunch and dinner. Terrific staff, good cocktails and fun menu - beyond the fab music at night.
1	Food was barely ok, beer selection is great, but service is lacking and the "management" was superficial at best.   Parking is a mess and if there is an issue in the restaurant parking lot forget trying to get any help.  If you go, walk!  Not a good place for folks from the "burbs".
3	I think I will try to come back here when there's some live music going on. The service was just okay. Someone came over before our waitress that was better than our actual waitress. The food took awhile to come out and was nothing to write home about. I really enjoyed the beer I got which was some type of hefeweizen, which is my favorite. The atmosphere was great as well. I ordered the Crunchy Cowboy with onion rings. I see there were many compliments on the rings so figured I should get them. They were kind of bland, but huge and look like they should be full of flavor. The burger was not as spicy as I thought it was going to be. It was actually not spicy at all. Still tasted good though. I think we went at an odd time where they were changing staff and getting ready for the dinner rush and that may be why it was just okay. I'll be back for some jazz and beer.
3	It wasn't the best of times. It wasn't the worst of times. It was just another overpriced meal.After moving some furniture to my new house with a friend who lives on the North Side, we needed to get some food more in his vicinity than anywhere else, and after weighing some options, decided on the one that might have more available parking, which ended us up at James Street.For a place that presents itself as a 'jazz' and 'speakeasy' setting, they kind of presented some of the 'look', but it really didn't have the 'feel'. It 'felt' kind of like a TGI Fridays without the 'flair'. Even the background music was so background that only intermittent bass line rhythms came through. The 'air' was mostly filled with dining room conversation white noise. The PLUS was that we weren't bombarded with the usual sports coverage found in 99.9% of the OTHER bar/restaurants around.The host, who kind of turned into our assistant waiter/busboy, was very nice, and kept up with our table a little more than the waiter did, although the waiter wasn't dismissive or rude. He was just kind of innocuous. He was there, took our order, refilled our drinks, and brought the check, but he wasn't really 'there' in any kind of interactive way. The menus themselves were kind of cool, having taken old record sleeves of jazz albums and slit them open and the printed menus were inserted within. The albums themselves were more notable than the menu.  After perusing the options, there wasn't much in my price range for a meal aside from a plate of wings or a burger, so I opted for the burger. 8 oz hand formed angus patty, swiss and mushrooms, lettuce, tomato on a bun. I figured well, the burgers at Winghart's are half pound, so give it a try. But somehow this half pound was smaller than the half pound at Winghart's, not as flavorful, and was more expensive, served up with potato chips. Fries were another two bucks. They served Pepsi products, so I opted for the brewed iced tea. My friend had an order of pipe bombs, which looked like egg rolls filled with meat and peppers, and two beers. The two beers made up half of the bill. I saw the ad board for the upcoming 'jazz' nights, and they were all locals, nothing that would draw me in. Exactly why, since the demise of the Balcony, no one brings any of the smaller level jazz artists to town, is a puzzlement. But then again, since the demise of DUQ, no one really KNOWS of any of the smaller level jazz acts anymore, and that certainly didn't take long to happen.So after all of it, there really wasn't anything about the evening that would draw me back. If I were a higher paid local, or one of the Docs at the hospital, maybe it would be my yuppie fast food joint, but I honestly can't say that I experienced or saw anything that would make me say 'Hey, let's go back THERE!'It wasn't 'bad', but it wasn't anything remarkable either. It truly was just another overpriced meal in da burgh. (and seriously Yelp? When did $11 to $30 become 'moderate'?)
5	Great beer selection.  Ever changing.  Rivals most of the spots in Pittsburgh for great selection of craft beers.  Hamburger selection is diverse, unique twist on dinner menu and a good sandwich and salad options.  A generous wine selection that will not break the bank and cocktail creations for everyone.  I say yes and give it a shot.
1	The service was decent, nothing to write home about. I had their signature chicken sandwich on a pretzel. It came out stone cold. The waitress took it back and reheated it. The roll was stale and it did not taste as good as it sounded. I got a side of brussel sprouts. They were as underwhelming as they were undercooked. My overall impression was "meh!" And, I would call that generous.
2	I'll keep this short: If you're looking for a place to eat lunch on the North Shore, don't go here if you have any place to be within the next few hours. I arrived at 12:05, didn't receive my food until 12:42, and didn't get to pay my check until 1:20. My drink was refilled twice in that time frame. So, plan to be there a while if you go, and be prepared to advocate for service. This has happened both times I've gone for lunch and ordered something other than a bowl of chili.The food I had was okay.
3	A bit of a walk from our hotel across the street from the ballpark but it was seemingly worth it with the food choices available around PNC. Mainly went here for the beer selection - had several different local beers and an Orkney Dark Island Reserve Limited Edition that got more rare as the evening went on (I think by the end they were telling us 100 bottles had been shipped to the US - 50 of which were sent to this bar). Anyway the beer was good. The service was great - although the place was basically dead at 6 on a Friday night which was a little suspect. We all had burgers. Mine was supposed to be medium-rare. It was medium-well. No excuse for that. The onion rings that look so good in pictures were disappointing as well. All in all had a great experience at this place just was disappointed with the food.
5	In a word: delicious. My husband and I visited for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. We had Jerrod as our server, and he was really personable. We both ordered burgers, which were super good. Onion rings are perfection.
3	I'd probably give this 3.5 stars but since I have to choose, I'm going to go with a 3.  Since I'm from New Orleans, I was excited to try this place since I saw they had some Cajun inspired options.  I really liked the speakeasy ambiance that was cozy with some interesting decor, and all the servers and staff were very friendly and on top of things.  They had a fantastic beer selection as well as a great list of cocktails.  I opted for a cocktail given the speakeasy theme, and it was good (I had the Basil Bourbon) though not amazing.  We had wings and fried oysters for appetizers.  The wings were on special for half off so that was nice and they were quite good.  The fried oysters were also very good and reasonably priced (7 decent sized oysters for $12).  The batter and crispiness were just right.  It came with a giant bowl of some horseradish dip though that was rather overpowering.  Coming from New Orleans, I usually eat oysters with some fresh lemon juice and cocktail sauce or tarter sauce but none of these things were available.  I ordered a burger with a side of mac n cheese for my entree.  I forgot to specify how I wanted it cooked and the waiter didn't ask and it came out medium well which was a bit more done than I would've liked.  I asked for the sharp cheddar but should've picked one of the other cheeses because it tasted like they used some processed cheese, something like those kraft singles so that was not so great, and the lettuce was rather wilty.  The mac-n-cheese came out so hot that even after I waited to finish my entire burger so it would cool off it was still burning me to try to eat it.  It was still smoking as I packed it up to take home an hour later.  I don't now what they did to it but that was crazy.  I did manage to taste some of it and it was just ok.  It really needed some more flavor or something and it was a little on the greasier side.  My friend had a shrimp poboy that looked decent, although they didn't use the proper French bread (though to be fair, no one uses French bread in Pittsburgh it seems, but being from New Orleans I'm picky), the lettuce was also a bit wilty and her shrimp looked a little overdone but she was happy with it.  The onion rings she got with it were fantastic, thick cut and perfectly cooked with a nice crispy better.  I would've liked to see a few more Cajun inspired options, and I'm not sure their creations were unique enough to be called a "gastropub" but everything was decent.  They didn't have the music while I was there but seems like a nice place for jazz.
4	If u love live music, want drinks and good food this is the place. They have 3 levels. I love the Speakeasy. Its the lower level it offers free admission and u can order drinks and food. The shrimp po boy sandwich ia delicious and so are the pipebombs on the appetizer menu. The service is ok or good....it gets crowded so u have to be patient at times.  They have different bands and they are great. One a year they have a Jazz festival. A different band every hour from 1pm til 2 am. It's packed but a good time. Great for a date, girls night out or a night out with your music loving parents.
3	My girlfriend and I went to James Street before a Pirates games back in April. We were surprised how run down the neighbourhood seemed to be considering it's right next to a good sized park and so close to PNC, Heinz Field and the downtown. Hopefully it's on the upswing as it certainly deserves it.Inside the bar, it's quite welcoming with lots of dark woods, arches and stained glass. They're definitely going for the speakeasy vibe with some jazz themed paintings and pictures of musicians. We settled into one of the small booths raised slightly up from the main bar area as a few more people trickled in after work/before the game. Lovely cabinets and shelves displayed their libations and glassware behind the bar.There were some tempting apps and entrees, but in the end I ended up going with the James Street Meatloaf which comes with smashed potatoes, a corn fritter and sweet creamed corn sauce. My girlfriend couldn't resist her go-to sandwich, the pulled pork, and got their Yelp-famous onion rings on the side.There was a bit of a wait considering there weren't many people here, but it gave me some time to sift through their impressively large and neatly categorized beer menu. Since I was in a blasphemous mood, I went with a bottle of Lucifer. A Belgian wheat, it wasn't as heavy as many are and was quite effervescent as well. Devilishly good.Luckily the food was mostly worth the wait. My meatloaf was actually a small loaf cut on the diagonal and appeared to have been broiled or finished in a pan as it had a nice crust on all sides that added more flavour to it. It had a great, traditional meatloaf flavour and despite being relatively thin and broiled, it was very juicy. The smashed potatoes were good, and made for excellent delivery vessels for the cream corn sauce which complemented everything nicely. The corn fritters were crisp on the outside and slightly doughy on the inside, but the chewy bits of corn inside threw off the texture for me.My lovely date really enjoyed her pulled pork sandwich, although I found the meat to be on the mushy side and lacking any discernible texture, although it still had a good, well balanced flavour. The onion rings were super crispy, but they could have used more seasoning in the batter and were getting to be on the cold side of the spectrum when they arrived. Service from our waiter, Shawn, was spot on and friendly and he eagerly answered our questions or went to find the info if he didn't know it.James Street has a great atmosphere and solid food which while not perfect, made for a solid pre-game meal.
4	Slightly pricey  yet  reasonable for this type of  establishment.....  The beer selection was large and diverse instantly charming me over there.  I went with GREAT LAKES MONSTER trying to tap into my NE Ohio roots in seemingly enemy territory.    The menu was in the form of an LP  (of which escapes me  but leaning towards Gershwin on the cover ) and offered  standard dining selections  and being that I wasn't all that hungry went with BBQ Chipotle wings which did the job and were properly seasoned and the quality of chicken was slightly above par.  The barmaid (that terms sometimes seems demeaning yet charming at the same time haha) was quite polished and well trained at being personable and at the same time efficient   I believe her name was Emily but I am bad with names.  The patrons were also well behaved, bathed and slightly gregarious but not to the point of trying to sample my wings. :)  Restroom was well maintained and functionable.    Perhaps next time I will dive deeper into the menu and go with an entree but not 100% sure if and when I will be in this neck of the woods in the near future.  Overall a postiive experience and i didn't feel like I needed an aspirin or  to take a shower after I departed.
5	Food was fantastic! I highly recommend the Spicy Turkey Wrap and Mac and Cheese! Loved them! Will definitely come back!!
4	A speakeasy in Pittsburgh!  It's great that the 'burgh has a place like this.  I've only been there once (so far), but the food was decent, the jazz space was intimate, and the music was very good.  Easy street parking, too.  The night we were there, they were having a jam session, so the house band started off the set, and then they opened it up to invited musicians.My only complaint is that the waitstaff seemed too busy to speak to us or seat us when we first arrived.  We stood around for what seemed like a long time, waiting for someone to say something, which they never did.  We eventually intercepted someone who looked like they worked there and asked if we could just seat ourselves.  After that service -- while a little on the slow side -- was fine.It IS a jazz speakeasy after all.I definitely plan to go back.
3	First obvious observation: It is not on nearby James Street...lol.  It was recommended.  Not sure why.  It was ok for a limited menu joint.  Mostly burgers that come with greasy homemade chips or of course fries.  Sorry, but had enough fries this short vaca to last 6 months.  Lots of beers of course.  A quaint place. I got the $7.00 pierogee appetizer.  Only 3.  Really?  These are a cheap item.  Might be a  $5 item. Had more of them in Philly for less $.
4	My girlfriend and I are back in her hometown and looking for something to do on a Sunday night. She suggested we  go here to listen to some jazz and get some drinks. When my girlfriend told me she never really listened to jazz before I about broke up with her but since she suggested the place, I'd figure I'd give her another chance. I did not expect to break my neck this night. That is how much head bobbing I did. I was well lubricated with their Basil Bourbon, which nobody even hinted at how amazing it tasted. Like seriously amazing. I'm talking stab your mother and marry the bartender amazing. So we had great music, amazing cocktails and I was already feeling loosey-goosey. Then I had to go ahead and order some carrot cake that was literally bigger than my face (our server warned us but I didn't listen); a dense, sweet, delicious mistake , and that was the final stroke. My neck snapped from the weight of it.I'm now typing this with my head flapping about my shoulders like a turkey neck. I'm not even mad about it.
2	I feel bad about doing this, but that is what Yelp is all about; Real, up-to-date reviews.  I've visited the James Street twice since my first review and have been underwhelmed each time.  Tonight was not a great experience.  It was "meh" at best.Either I didn't see the full menu on my first visit, or they've changed it up.  While all seemed fine on the surface, I wasn't thrilled about receiving a tiny meatloaf that cost $16 on top of a whole plate of what amounted to garbage potatoes and corn sauce accompanied by two tiny corn fritters.  The meatloaf was tasty, but that price is ridiculous for what you get!  Meatloaf is not expensive and it's easy to make.  If you're going to charge $16 for it, it had better be 1. in a posh establishment with a menu not consisting mainly of sandwiches and bar food, 2. a larger portion that I can take home for another meal (which is what I was expecting), or 3. the most amazing meatloaf I've ever put in my mouth.  In this case the corn fritters were my favorite part of the meal.  This would've been a 3-star review except that...My friend ordered the buttermilk chicken.  It was a tasty breast (I tried it).  But, the same problem persisted... teeny tiny portions.  You cannot charge $17 for a tiny chicken breast and grits!  Everyone knows how much a chicken breast costs, and grits are the cheapest food on the planet.  Also, as we were driving home, we realized that the corn bread had been left off the plate.Look, here's the general problem:  The James Street is in a slowly gentrifying area. It's pretty run down, but getting better.  That attracts hipster-types.  Which is cool.  But, your clientele is still a Pittsburgh clientele.  In my last review, I compared the James Street to something you'd find in Philadelphia or NYC.  And, that's true as far as the vibe, the hipsters, and live music goes.  But, we're not in those places.  Everything costs more in Philly and New York. Food costs more in the markets than it does in Pittsburgh, and people also generally take home bigger paychecks and thus can spend more on food.  It offends my Pittsburgh sensibilities that a restaurant like this charges these kinds of prices for, let's face it, typical bar food.  Tasty, but your bottom line is inexpensive.  It feels like a major rip off.When you switch over to 100% local and sustainable food and alert us all that we're eating organic, then you can up the price and I'll be happy to pay for healthier food.   Same goes when this establishment ceases to be in part a loud sports bar and converts into a romantic restaurant that serves elevated fare.  If the price is upped b/c of the live music, maybe you should considering having a separate menu for the speakeasy (since I have yet to hear live music).  But, until then, I'll head over to any other area restaurant that serves meatloaf and or fried chicken for at least $3 less for a larger portion, and be happier with my purchase.
5	I come here often for lunch.  They have great steak salads and I also usually get there soup and sammy special.  In the evenings they have jazz music (check the schedule) in the speak easy downstairs.  They even have swing dancing in the ballroom upstairs on Fridays.  Beers on tap are always changing and they have an even bigger selection bottled in the cooler.  For dinner I suggest the meatloaf but they make a great pulled pork sandwich too.  Stop in on Tuesday for open stage jazz nights which brings out the best jazz players in the city.
2	We will not be back. Sat at the bar on a Saturday afternoon to kill some time before a wedding nearby. Service was terrible. When we finally got our check for two draft beers it was $20!! We double checked to make sure it was correct and it was. I've never spent that much on two beers before and can't understand why they charged so much. Absolutely ridiculous.
4	I really dig James Street Gastropub. It's a great neighborhood bar with good eats and great drinks. I love their fries. So addictive! Jazz downstairs is also awesome. I went once and was super impressed with the band. Can't wait to go back again!
5	I've. been here twice in the last month and it is just exquisite the food is great the drinks are well maid and the beer menu is extensive although the beers on the menu are not always available. I love the use of old jazz album covers as menus covers and of course the music is great. I can remember the way the old James street was and the food is a lot better the atmosphere has always been incredible you have to love the wall to wall wood and the bar is astounding. the worst part about the place is the neighborhood can be a little rough but it is slowly changing along with the rest of the city. if you like jazz music you will not find better in the city
3	After a pirates game on a saturday, we were looking for something to eat (plus a couple drinks) that was not too far from home. My friend had eaten here the other day and said it was very,very good so I suggested going and I'm so glad we did! This was such a neat atmosphere-very old-timey yet sophisticated and we could hear lots of great jazz music coming from inside (which later we discovered was live downstairs in the speakeasy). Their cocktail list featured a lot of prohibition style drinks-I ordered a whiskey sour and my boyfriend ordered a vesper martini. The drinks were hand-crafted nicely and very tasty, enough so that we each had 2. For food, many items looked tasty but I settled on the pulled pork sandwich (the honey-chipotle BBQ sauce was exactly what i was craving at that moment so i was sold immediately). The coleslaw was on the side and it lacked flavor but I used a little on top of my sandwich and the BBQ sauce meshed with the coleslaw nicely. House chips came on the side. They wer eok, nothing to talk about. My boyfriend ordered 12 wings, 6 tequilla lime and 6 chipotle BBQ. I tried a tequilla lime and was not impressed but then again that is not a flavor I would have ordered myself. When we were leaving we popped quickly downstairs to check out the speakeasy and I cannot wait to go back to hear music there! It's a really neat environment to see jazz in and my boyfriend being a band director who plays the trumpet as well is very into jazz (obviously) and was already talking about coming back before we even left. Overall, this is a really cool spot (it is a little pricey but not over the top-basically on par with the trendier restaurants in Pittsburgh) and I'd like to sample more of the food to get a better idea of the overall food quality but I'm so thrilled we have now found a new place to see great live jazz if nothing else!
4	Interesting beer selection and great appetizers/bar food. Was good for dinner too but mostly seems like a great hangout especially on nights with live music. Set ip across different rooms which really helps enable multiple experiences in the visit. Nothing else going in the neighborhood though!
5	Great music,  good food and nice intimate ambiance.  Love this place every time! Loving the band!
4	A helpful bartender who was sensitive to the time limit of my 2-person party enhanced my experience at this establishment.  My boyfriend and I stopped in for a quick bite and brew before a home Sunday night Steelers game.  We were staying at a nearby hotel, The Priory Hotel, and were directed here due to the close proximity and time crunch we were facing.  The place can accommodate larger groups, as there was a get-together of approximately 20 people seated in the main dining area.  We both had burgers, which were cooked to our specified requests and a few brewskis, of which they had a cooler full of bottles and multiple on-tap.  Don't let the somewhat negative reputation of the North Side deter you...I would come here again in the future!
1	Long story short: DONT DO IT!Read below for elaboration.As I write this review I am sitting waiting for service. I decided to choose this restaurant based on the gastropub theme which usually means a focus on good flavors and new ideas from what I've seen. The food was bland. The hummus was flavorless, the Mac and cheese was flavorless, the fish sandwiches taste fishy (which means old fish is used), the shrimp aren't deveined, the burgers were dry, the homemade chips tasted like old grease, the chicken sandwich didn't have good flavor, and one of the drinks came out with food particles floating in it. I don't use yelp to complain; I'm not that kind of guy., but I had to apologize for picking this place over a reputable chain. I would strongly urge anybody to choose another place. This is the worst experience I've had dining in years. I left tons of food on the table, the food I ate made me feel sick, and wasted almost $100.
1	I would give this place zero stars if the food wasn't so good. Went early on a Saturday evening and it was pretty busy.  However, not even close to busy enough to justify our service.  After sitting there for an hour after ordering to only have the waitress stop  by maybe four times each time because we had to call her over, and each time it seemed to be a hassle for her because she was so busy.  Which was funny because   the waitresses were all running around like crazy.  However, they never seemed to be carrying anything and they were definitely not carrying our drinks.  It was almost like Yuengling meant "thank you but we're fine, don't come back for a half hour" in a foreign language.We were finally fed up so I asked for our check, we were going to be leaving, which I have never done before, when our waitress said she'd check on it.  She served it cold, and forgot one person's meal and was willing to do nothing about it when we complained.For cold chicken wings, and a cold burger it was pretty taste.Never saw a manager, and clearly the front house staff had no clue.   The bartender walked out from behind the bar at one point and started grinding up behind one of the waitresses.There was plenty of staff in the kitchen.  However, one gentleman working in the kitchen went to the bathroom about every ten minutes.  I choose to think to take a bump because the alternative thought is not too appealing while your eating....or dreaming about food while we waited.
3	I visited last night with a friend for dinner at around 6pm.  I received a pack of City Dining Cards for Christmas, and she picked this place from among the options that I offered, since she'd heard good things about it.  I was also interested in trying it out, given the speakeasy ambiance and the interesting-looking Cajun menu options.Having previewed the menu ahead of time, I decided to get the Cajun shrimp and grits, since this is a classic Cajun dish, and I haven't had it previously.  It came with 5 shrimp (see photo) seasoned with Cajun seasonings that gave them a nice spicy kick.  The majority of this entree was vegetables and grits.  Aside from the spices on the shrimp, the word I'd use to describe this dish is "inoffensive."  While nothing was wrong with it, per se, it just wasn't very exciting--in this respect, it was similar to something you'd see at Applebee's or Ruby Tuesday.  For a $19 entree at a place billing itself as a gastropub, I expect more pizzazz--and more shrimp!I didn't try my friend's po' boy because I had a (very good) shrimp po' boy the day before for lunch.  She enjoyed it, this being the first time she'd had a po' boy.  It was $13, which I felt was also on the pricy side, esp. for a sandwich. It came with a side of house made chips, which I sampled, that I felt were a bit overdone.  In addition to our food, we each had a drink (hard cider for me, beer for her).  Both our drinks ran $6, which I felt was also on the expensive side, but hers was discounted to $4, which I felt was more typical.The one thing that really shined about our experience was our waiter's personality.  He was humorous and interactive in a good way, which is always a nice, unexpected bonus.  We were seated in the booth section on the ground floor next to the bar, and I found the ambiance overall to be pretty bland, reminiscent of a chain casual dining restaurant.  I later found out that the speakeasy, where the live music is hosted, is downstairs, so perhaps this has a better ambiance.  I'd be willing to return at some point just for drinks to check it out.Overall, while I have no real complaints about our experience except the inflated prices, nothing really stood out about it, aside from our waiter's personality. In a city with as many great dining options as PGH, restaurants really need to stand out to do a good business.  If the sparsely populated dining room and bar that we encountered at prime time on a Sat. evening is par for the course, this is evidence that the locals recognize this place's shortcomings in this regard.  3.5 stars.P.S. Shrimp and grits are available for half the price nearby at Carmi on Western Ave.  I haven't tried them there, but if the fried chicken I had there is any indication, I'll be willing to bet that they're good!
