5	Another great Arizona Indie record/cd store.  Fantastic selection.  A bit on the expensive side but I can often find things here that I can't find anywhere else.  Great 7" collection!
5	Best shop in town for your indie rawkin needs! Kimber and her staff know their music and are aware of their customers preferences. I dare you to leave this store without something interesting and exciting
5	I've been meaning to go here for a LONG time.  Finally made it this week and I took along my little brother who is a keen aficionado of all that is new, hip, cool and whatever other term kids are saying now days.  At 18 the world is his oyster and music is his thing.  That said, Stinkweeds was a big juicy slice of heaven.  Great for him, and extra "cool big sister" points for me.  Entry to the place is from the back - which gives a pleasantly different impression than the front.  When we went it was a bit of a problem to get back there as the opening in the construction for "Business access" had been blocked a bit more than it should have been.  Word to the wise - if you miss it, just park next door and walk on over.  While you are walking, relish the fact that not too terribly long from now there will be a light rail stop across the street. My brother was quite excited by the prospect.  Entering Stinkweeds I was immediately shocked by how small it was.  Really shocked.  But then ya look around and realize they have almost an entire wall of listening stations.  For a spot this small to invest in that is really a testament to how they value and know their customers.  In the hour or so while we were there we saw several groups of people go right to them listen to several selections and then walk up to the register with their purchases.  My brother and I meandered around the place. He went in alphabetical order, front to back.  I went right for the Paste station.  Stinkweeds in the only spot in Phoenix with a Paste station, and as I am a huge fan of Paste magazine, I was really excited.  (Review within a review: Paste is an awesome magazine about music, movies, pop culture, video games, books etc and in each edition they include a cd with new and cool music.  The Paste listening station allows you to hear more by the same artists that are covered in that month's cd.  And the cd's always rock.  Stinkweeds also sells the magazines, including those cds, in the back. They even had some old editions which really helped me when looking for some cds.)  I couldn't find an artist I was looking for, went to the counter to ask about it and I was told how easy it was to get.  She took down my name and number and said she'd give me a call Wednesday when it came in.  Presto.  She was very nice.I left with 2 cd's, and one on the way.  My brother left with 4 - but he wanted even more.  He was excited for some used Spoon he found.  Used Spoon.  Reminds me of an old Korn joke.  Anyhow, I highly suggest the place.  Visit regularly, visit often.Update:  She called when the CD came in and left a message.  I never returned her call because I got busy, or always forgot, or some other lame excuse.  Almost a week later I finally made it there.  The CD was still behind the counter with my name on it. Oh yea.....
5	Stinkweeds shaped my formative years.  Really.I started shopping at the (now gone) Tempe location when I was 15.  I had a few older friends into independent music who introduced me to this record store.  I begged my parents for rides and, when that wasn't happening, hopped on the bus for the hour-long trek.  Totally worth it.  100%.  I can't tell you how many awesome bands I began listening to just because I would browse the selection endlessly for something that looked interesting.  If I needed something specifically, Stinkweeds would order it for me if they didn't already have it in stock.  The staff was always welcoming and helpful, sometimes offering their own suggestions.But it's just a record store, right?  Wrong.  Stinkweeds is the jewel of Phoenix, as far as I am concerned.  Now that it's out in central Phoenix, I make it in far less.  Total bummer!
5	I can't say enough good things about Stinkweeds.As an indie music nut, it really is the best place to find limited release CD's, EP's and albums that I couldn't find anywhere else.  If they don't have it, they'll order it.Walking in, you really get the sense that this is a shrine for music.  The staff is knowledgable and helpful.  It's like you're talking to one of your friends who listened to way too much music in high school.I'd hate to think what the lightrail construction is doing for their business.  I do my part by buying all my music there.  And, hey, you should too.
5	We love Stinkweeds. They always have exactly what we're looking for. On the rare occasion they don't, they are more than happy to order it for you!
5	Stinkweeds is what quintessentially a Small Indie Record Store should be. Plain and Simple. Great underground selection, knowledgeable staff with just enough record store attitude (I kid Lindsay, I kid), and i can't go in there without finding at least ten things i absolutely have to have.  I'm in record and book stores so much that i constantly have titles and bands and weird EPs fluctuating in my head, and it'll just so happen that I'm looking for something obscure in the used CD section, and bam, they've got like three different titles to choose from for that artist and usually one of them is something i've never even heard of.  Word to the wise, if you're gonna sell them stuff, make sure the vinyl is in excellent condition, they only believe in selling high quality used merchandise at what is more often than not, very reasonably priced.  That and they have the best selection of magazines too. Big Ups!!
5	Holy sh*t!   *#!@!!*#???  F**K !!!! Sorry, I'm not prone to using profanity, but that's how upset I am that today was my first visit to Stinkweeds.  I have wasted countless hours surfing iTunes listening to 20 second clips of music, when I simply needed to walk into Stinkweeds and say, "Hi, tell me about some cool music."  I am completely outsourcing my music shopping to the staff of this store.  Let me tell you about my first time.  I walked in the door. I am sure I looked disoriented.  I had not been inside a true record store in years.  The fact that the shelves were filled with an overwhelmingly large number of albums with unrecognizable band names amplified my disorientation.  A member of the staff approached me. "Do you need help?"  I hesitated, thinking to myself, I am so not cool,  I am about to be exposed.  I must have nodded in the affirmative because he quickly followed up with  "What kind of music do you like?"  This is the most perilous question to be asked by a record store guy. Visions of High Fidelity flashing through my mind, I mumbled, "Uh, I don't know."   "Yes, you do.  Tell me."  I managed to rattle off the names of a few non-mainstream bands that I actually really love.  I waited for a respond.  "Cool.  Let me play you something."  He proceeded to switch the music being played in the store to his pick for me.  Within minutes I was sold.  We repeated this process until I had selected 3 absolutely amazing albums that I would have never found on my own.  After wandering around the store for a while on my own, admiring the wide selection of stellar music, I decided it was time to pay and get on with my day.  Record store guy paused a moment before ringing up my purchase.  "Wait a second, I think we have used copies of all 3 of these albums. I'm going to save you some money."  Sure enough, after some searching, he returned with the promised goods.  Total price for 3 amazingly good albums?  $24 including tax.  I'm hooked.  Awesome music selection, friendly non-threatening staff (yes, I know that's redundant), lots of used CDs...  you know where to find me next weekend.
5	I'll continue the broken record (get it?  BROKEN RECORD.  MUSIC STORE.  I suck.) and shamelessly laud this place.  Being consistently behind the times, I only found Stinkweeds last week (and that was only due to Yelp- Thanks Yelp!).  I'd been quite frustrated going into big box stores only to find copy after copy of Fergalicious, but no indie rock to speak of.  Stinkweeds is a fresh breath of musical air.  Lesser known bands, discount used copies, workers with great suggestions.  I'll drive the 30 minutes to go here.
4	I feel kind of badly for going against the grain, and maybe I had the cashier whose cat was run over that morning, but I felt a little off here, like, not worthy.I did end up getting hooked on Feist thanks to the killer and easily-browsable selection, and now she's a dirty Apple sell-out! Woo hoo!
5	I like Stinkweeds. The rare instances I actually buy an album, I go here. The staff is knowledgeable and can recommend a slew of new music if you fess up your preferences (unless your preferences are boy bands or Yanni, then you -might- be out of luck...but one never knows the dark secrets harbored by others). They're not judgmental or snobby. It's hip, it's cozy, and you can get some weird zines and DVDs, too. P.S., this review was "inspired" by Dave B.'s.
3	A great little independent record store. Anything that is not a chain I can stand behind. They have a decent selection, especially the college/indie stuff. Not a lot in the way of hip-hop or rap or other genres and imports. They carry both new and used as well as DVDs and videos.The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.I do have a hard time finding things I am looking for there sometimes, but more often than not they have what I seek.
5	The best new/used music store in Phoenix period!
5	I've known Kimber for nearly 20 years now - I've been shopping at Stinkweeds forever... started at the Mesa location and then followed it to Tempe. I've been introduced to all sorts of music here. This store will always be a part of my growing up. I had a live show at the Tempe location once (sang for Seven Storey Mountain)... I was nervous as hell and even forgot some of the words. It was like performing for family.It has been ages since I've been to the Phoenix location, but I still feel like it's a distant relative of mine... like a really cool eccentric young aunt that had me stay over at her place for a weekend and taught me about life and gave me beer when I was still too young. Knowing the people who own it and work there, I'm sure it's just as clean and cool and awesome as the other locations have been. Thank god for all the independent record stores of the world. Thank god for Stinkweeds. This is the sort of place that gets young people interested in music. This is the sort of place that inspires and creates new musicians. Without independent music stores like this supporting independent musicians and independent publications and independent shows and independent thought, music would simply be a corporate product meant to fill space between commercials. If your interest in music is more of a passing fancy than a passion, then this place may not be for you. If you like shit that isn't typically on the radio, then you'll love this place. On a side note - Dave B's review was amusing, but linking to a site suggesting people steal music instead of buy it is bad form. Independent music exists in part because of stores like this. I'm my parents and it's better to shop at Best Buy or iTunes or to steal music than to shop at a cozy little friendly non-chain record store?
5	The best place for music in arizona! They have been around for years and I was super happy when they came to central phoenix. They are knowledgeable and friendly.
5	Weird location and hard to see just driving by, but really cool place. Small and cozy. I especially like the listening stations. I have been introduced to a few artists now just from hearing them for the first time on Stinkweeds' headphones. :) Get a piercing while you're there--at the store next door! haha
4	Lots already written here, so I'll cut right to the chase. You want music?  You want Stinkweeds.Kimber is awesome!  And, that's the way she runs her store.The only reason I dropped it a star is the funky road to the entrance.
4	Great selection for the size of the store (very small). This is the place to go for independent music in the PHX area.As others have said, getting there is a bit tricky.
5	I've been a long time customer and friend of Stinkweeds.  I think Kimber Lanning is an amazing person.  Truly genuine!  I played some of my first shows (back when I played in local bands) at the old Tempe location.I love this place.
5	Do you fancy yourself a music snob? Then this is the place for you! If you can find it at Target, you probably won't find it here, which is why I love it. Within the confines of the four tiny walls lies a treasure trove full of obscure, independent and local bands that you won't find anywhere else. The listening stations are great- i've fallen in love with many new bands this way. I love Stinkweeds. If I visited as often as i'd like to, I'd be living in a box. But hey, I'd be in a box with a kick-ass music collection.
5	Stinkweeds is always a welcome mental retreat.... Takes me back to the 'old days'...Searching through the bins...a real '"record store".You know what I mean!
5	What is this silver disc thingy in this plastic box??Yes, it's weird to walk into a record store these days. An actual record store how novel!  I am so used to downloading music that I forgot how visceral of an experience shopping for records can be.  Stinksweed's still has actual vinyl albums of new and old releases, and a good selection of CDs to make even the most avid music fan entertained.The place is chill and has listening stations set up all over so you can hang out and check out different albums. You won't fell rushed, it's super laid back and you are able to peruse at your leisure, regardless of your musical tastes.Overall this place is excellent, it's just hard to pay more than 9.99 for an album. I know CD quality is better than mp3  or bit torrent downloads, but still the idea of reducing the packaging and costs to ship physical disks is always a plus in this 21st century "green" economy.I do hope places like Stinkweed's will always exist, I just can't see the record store model being supported much longer, as companies cut production costs, physical music media will go the way of VHS tapes, and 8-tracks.I try to pretend, when looking at a record in it's pristine sleeve, what it was like to walk into a record store in the 60's and see the new Beatles or Velvet Underground or to finally get the British release of Joy Division's Closer in the US markets in the early 80s.  It was a simplistic time where shopping for music was more personal, and the music store was a place to hang out like any other bar, coffee shop, or local cafe. Being  part of Gen X,  I remember record stores, and I miss them. Long live the record store!
4	Awesome little record store. I could easily spend an hour perusing their new and used selections. I could spend another hour (at least) exploring their various listening stations. I could then spend an additional half-hour finding little neon-colored stickers that tell of upcoming local shows.I agree with John V. Long live the record store!
5	I love me some Stinkweeds! A small store that I can spend so much time in. Its the small local places like Stinkweeds that can give a girl some sanity when living in this hot desert.
5	I love this place!  I rode my skateboard there in 87 and bought my first record there.  People still had record players then.  It was The Smiths, This Charming Man 12' single.  I still have it and will always remember Stinkweeds for opening my eyes to music that didn't get played on the radio,  I will be forever grateful for the staff there helping me discover something besides Huey Lewis.  Haven't been to the new store yet but will visit soon as I'm in need of some new vinyl.
4	Could this store BE any smaller (said in my best Chandler Bing voice)? I seriously walked in with Rickie, stayed 90 seconds, and said "Dude, I gotta git outta here!" Fortunately they had a guitarist/singer on the back patio with a coffee pot full of java and some cookies. How cool is that? Said musician was eventually joined by a little girl who played her clarinet. Played is being kind. Poor thing. That clarinet squeaked more than the brakes on my 95 ghetto beemer. More than Peter Brady's voice during puberty. But how cute it was. How very Bohemian. Rickie scored The Knife CD he's been looking for and the staff was VERY helpful and not all weird slacker don't bother me cuz I'm too cool to move from behind the counter cuz I just know you two queers are looking for Brittney Spears or Madonna crap and that is so lame...NO...not at all. Nicest of nice. And we were cool. Besides. I'd never heard of The Knife. That was always my nickname for OJ. And he WAS not there. Oh. Cuz he's in jail! HA HA! Anyway, I digress. Stinkweeds! Neither stinky. Nor weedy! Check it 08 my yelpitas. Love you!!!!!
3	For such a small space, Stinkweeds definitely does a good job of packing as much variety as they can in their store. As far as record stores go, they've got a pretty decent collection in both CD's and vinyl. My only qualm with this place is that they tend to only carry newer stuff or the more popular titles of indie genres. If you're like me and like to peruse through older and hard-to-find collections, be sure to check out Tracks in Wax a few blocks down the street on Central. That being said, this is definitely a place you'll want to drop into. Their selection of concert/music video DVD's is pretty solid as is what their magazine stand has to offer. Sure, it's no Amoeba but it's the next best thing.
5	Record stores that carry used stuff generally struggle with the balance of massive inventory versus organization.  Stinkweeds has found a balance which I think works for them.  Or at the very least, for me.The used vinyl isn't massive, but more importantly, its right up my alley.  As aging indie rock pseudo hipster, I struggled with not buying the whole store.  Plus they have all the new releases I could ask for.  I literally picked up 4 different albums and walked around with them, each time saying 'Yup, this is the one I want,' only to change my mind again.Prices were great, staff friendly, and if you a burgeoning or veteran music snob, there's something here for you. Plus you can see it from the light rail!  What more do you want?
5	I have shopped record stores in L.A., San Diego, Seattle and New York.  Stinkweeds is by far the best I have ever had the pleasure of shopping in.  I am one of the lucky ones who has been a customer since the store first opened and I have never had anything but the best service.The staff, particularly the wondrous Ms. Cates is top-notch.  Whether it's the newest disc from Neko Case or an obscure CD from a Scandanavian hurdy gurdy band, I can count on Stinkweeds to get me whatever I want.Don't even get me started on Stinkweeds' owner, Kimber.  She is my hero.  A more engaged and caring person, you could not care to meet.  Tell her what bands or records you like and she will come up with 5 more for you to buy.  When you get them home, I can practically guarantee they will become your new favorites.  The only time I am disappointed with something I get at Stinkweeds is when I fail to listen to Kimber or the other staff members.Kimber is also a maven of the local music scene.  She has concerts at her store and nearby gallery and is devoted to promoting worthwhile bands, local and otherwise.  If you want to know what is happening on the music scene, trot down to Stinkweeds.  If you are too lazy to make the trip, you can check out new releases on Stinkweeds' website and find out who is coming in concert on Kimber's other website, silverplatter.com.It's for real baby, the total package.  Check it out.
5	I've been going to Stinkweeds for half my life now at 3 different locations and have always had great experience there. They keep up with many of my favorite English language bands and let me know when new release are out. If you have several bands you follow, you should sign up on Stinkweeds email list to receive weekly updates of new release. If you are having trouble finding something, you should definitely ask and they'll do their best to order it. They are also great with their phone list and give you calls as soon as the item comes in. There are a few other good, friendly local record stores, but Kimber and Lindsay at Stinkweeds are the best( the dudes are decent too). Parking lot and entrance are in the back, sometimes entering behind the Diary Queen on central is easier...
5	A refreshing old-school record store that reminds us, in the days of iTunes and mp3's,  that music is first and foremost about friends and community.  Sure it is a tad cramped, but that is because it is chock-full of indie music goodness (along with a selection of some high quality mainstream tracks).  However, in my opinion, more important that event the cd's and vinyl for sale, are the knowledgeable staff and patrons, who are sure to steer you to what you are looking for (even if you didn't know it when you walked in).  It is also a great space to find out about, and buy tickets for local live music.  They also have a wide selection of cool magazines (not just music oriented),  t-shirts and posters.
5	I moved out here from Boston last October and I can't say how relieved I was to find that there was still at least one indie record store.  Back home, I spent time every weekend browsing at Newbury Comics, which expanded to a chain in New England but kept the same feel to it.  It's just nice to see that iTunes, file sharing, Best Buy, etc. haven't completely shut down this type of shopping.  For some, running in to grab a cd and run back out is what they're looking for.  If you're like me, this is a way to unwind in a laid back, albeit cramped, environment with good music and a knowledgeable staff.
5	i love you stinkweeds, i really do. it may not be the biggest store, and it may not have EVERYTHING you're looking for, but it comes pretty damn close. great vinyl selection. rad cd stockpile. they've placed special orders for me on more than one occasion. the vibe is chill ... the only extremely small place i can spend hours in and never get bored. i shopped at the tempe store when i was in high school and feel nostalgic each time i step inside the "new" stinkweeds. i miss the tempe location, but the camelback location probably serves clientele better. they will order you anything you ask for. and the knowledge ... oh the knowledge. you like this? you might like this too. the staff is uber helpful. even customers have turned me on to new music there. i've fallen in love over and over again with music because of stinkweeds.it is the kind of place i feel like a jerk for using a credit card at. i always endeavor to bring cash so i don't cut into profits with exorbitant processing fees. if we want stinkweeds to stick around so our kids can fall in love with the place we love, we all have to do our part. *stepping off my soapbox now*
5	Simply amazing. A wealth of knowledge. Suppor this local business owned by a woman who is on fire with Phoenix love. Vote with your dollar!
5	This place rocks. I love Stinkweeds. They have a great selection of new and used music. I could hang out here and listen to tracks for hours. The employees are very helpful. They will throw on any CD you want to hear. Plus, any business owned by Kimber is going to attract people in the community. Buy local! Visit Stinkweeds
5	This is as good as it gets for Phoenix.  I've been going to Stinkweeds for over 10 years, and whenever I'm in town I try to make a trip.  Phoenix needs more places like this and more people like Kimber!
5	This place is really made for the collector. Tons of rare LPs and out-of-print CDs that you can't find anywhere else. This is also the place to go for lesser known bands or local artists that you'd have a hard time finding otherwise. I've had both bad and good experiences with the clerks. Sometimes they can't be bothered with you (one woman a few years ago was on the phone the entire time we were in there and didn't even acknowledge our presence) but then the young man that was in there last night was super nice and not pretentious at all.I've never traded (I always use Zia for that) so I don't know what kind of money you get but I'm sure you'd get a lot more for rare stuff. Don't bring your Britney or Kanye here. This is the place to go for music lovers!
5	Hipster Mecca. Come here for new vinyl, not for the old stuff. They have all the hip, indie stuff on brand-new, in the package, hot off the press vinyl.Come here for indie stuff. If you want to get that look that says someone has recognized your coolness for requesting The Fireman (look it up if you don't know. I mean it) this is the place. The people who work here are super-helpful, super-knowledgable, super friendly and have super-powers (one of these things is not entirely true).They are so in the loop that it makes you feel really cool if you stump them, like let's day you walk in and say "Hey is that Tim Seely album out yet?" and they say "Who?" and you get that look like "I got you bitch, I got you!(playfully of course)" then they give you that look like "oh man you got me!" Then  you give them the Mentos smile and elaborate "The dude from Actual Tigers." On a related note I am really awesome.They offer to order anything you can't find. My one complaint is the way the used CDs are set up in the tiny cubbies up top makes it hard to scan them but it is a small complaint for such a charming place.
5	Wow.  Color me surprised to find such a treasure in Phoenix.  Knowledgeable staff and good inventory.
5	Best little indie music store in town! I've been going since I landed in this town for college... and I hope to keep going until I'm a little old still music loving lady.Even though you can get better "deals" at the monster shops, you will not get the music knowledge. Kimber, Lindsey and Dario definitely know what's what when it comes to indie music. I especially love when Dario points me in the right direction when I have no direction at all--it's how I got into Atlas Sound, Juana Molina and Bon Iver--for which I am eternally grateful to him for. And Lindsey led me to AA Bondy and currently has Kings of Convenience posted as her music pick! So, for all this extra "Know-How" I will GLADLY shell out a couple of dollars more for a CD in support of this little shop that could to keep on keeping on! As a music loving freak, I am still in favor of the tangible disc or record, so Stinkweeds is just the place for me! Don't get me wrong, digital has it's upside (immediacy, cheapness), but still there's something about listening to a whole record and holding the CD booklet in your hand while sifting through the lyrics and artwork. It's likened to reading the paper or reading it online. You know the difference of which I speak.Everyone keeps talking about how cramped the store is... well, I think of it as more intimate... and REALLY intimate when there's an in-store performance. I still remember seeing The Trashcan Sinatras perform at the Tempe store... that was AWESOME!Just yesterday, I realized I had purchased a Ticket for a show and in my haste FORGOT the ticket! I went back this morning pretty much as soon as they opened and Kimber counted the $ and sure nuff, there was an extra ticket... which now has a home in my concert stub holder till St. V comes to wow us again in an intimate set at the Rhythm Room! Can't wait.Also, there was once a time where I took it upon myself to get a place for a little known musician to perform here in AZ. I immediately contacted Kimber and although she couldn't put him up at either Stinkweeds or Modified on such short notice, she did point me to some other leads and silverplatter.info posted the info for the show that I booked at Copper Star, another great local shop! True, you can't find everything at Stinkweeds, but they can order it right up for you... we need to keep Independent stores like this thriving, so that's where my $ goes!As a final note, don't forget to check out the Free CD bin and also the flyer rack... there, you can find not only flyers to upcoming shows but awesome deals like $5 off at Ticoz & Switch! Mmm mm! (To me, Kimber is the face and heart of the AZ Local First Movement, so I think that's why you can find great coupons there).
5	I got introduced to Stinkweeds Records in Tempe while I was in college, and was blown away.  Up until that time, I was buying my music at the Memorial Union, and was blown away by their knowledge.Stinkweeds is simply the best place to enjoy music.  As I got into records, and finding smaller, lesser known, indie artists, punk bands, and underground rappers, I discovered Stinkweeds.  They were able to discuss the artists that I liked, and recommend others.Unfortunately, I don't buy much music any more and stick to the internet for most of my finds.  But every now and again, I will pop my head in to see what is going on.  Look at a few records, and talk a little underground music face to face.  Unfortunately, record stores are going by the wayside, so support your local experts and keep them in business.  Yes, you might pay an extra couple of bucks for a cd then you would for the digital version online.  I know.  It's painful, but they appreciate it, and so will you.  Tell me the last time that someone at Best Buy or Barnes & Noble dropped a no-name band on you that you were impressed with.  My guess is never.
5	They say, good things come in small packages, like Tiffany boxes and Asians. Stinkweeds is also a stellar example of this.. Its definitely not the biggest music store in the valley, but its certainly got the most charm. Endless supplies of Indie Records, old and new, and they carry tons of albums and vinyl that I haven't been able to find in other stores. If they don't have what you are looking for, they will special order it for you, and once its been received they will promptly let you know.. I know this because they just called me, to tell me my selection was in.. which reminded me that I needed to review these wonderful people. The staff here are awesome.. totally knowledgeable with their music and also at recommending artists to fit your taste.. I went home with over $70 of music the other day.. 2 artists of which I hadn't heard of but ended up loving. Whether you're looking for new or used, they WILL have what you're looking for, and if not, they will make it happen anyway.. and all reasonably priced, maybe even a little cheaper than other stores I've been in. And if you're lucky, you might catch a free show outside their entrance like I did! See, bigger isn't always better.. not in the case anyway ;o)
5	Probably the best independent record shop in the Phoenix area.I used to go to the Tempe location quite often, but this newer (and now only) location is as great if not even better... There's a small stage area for in-store appearances, and their selection has something for everybody.The staff is also really knowledgeable and not at all snooty like you might expect them to be.LONG LIVE STINKWEEDS!
5	We moved to Phoenix from Nashville a few years ago. There are lots of things we don't miss about Nashville, but we really miss the music scene (and no it's not all top 40 country music). Stinkweeds fills a little hole that was in my life after leaving Nashville. Cool, independent music selections in a surprisingly small shop.
5	I'm biased.  Not only do I admire all that Kimber Lanning (owner) has done for the Phoenix community, and more specifically its music scene, but this record store is also my favorite one among many that I've visited throughout the western states.  Fifteen years ago, I bought most of my 7" records at Stinkweeds, and now I still go for CDs and community.  The staff is awesome, as is the selection.There was this one time that they didn't have a rare import album I wanted.... not that any other store was likely to have it either....  so Kimber told me to check back in a couple of days.  Voila!  She ordered it just for me.I dare you to find such great service in any other music store these days, or most other retail establishments for that matter.  Stinkweeds just rocks, that's all.Word to the wise: if it's your first visit, drive west from Central and look for the parking lot entrance near HTC, which is on the east side of the building.  Easy to miss if you're driving by.
4	This is one of those instantly lovable record shops for consumers like me, with a healthy vinyl selection, a large bin of local artists, and several aisles of CDs.The music DVD section was decently sized and had some choice titles, and there was even a small book section. The clerk was a real cool, knowledgable guy with lots of local recommendations and some choice advice about other stores to check out.I don't know if this store would appeal to record collectors (the vinyl wasn't that rare) or mainstream buyers (no pop albums either), but to the indie record store lovers out there, Stinkweeds is a cool spot to visit.It's worth noting that the complex it is attached to has some swank stores as well, this is more than a one-stop shopping area.
4	Remember the good old days when you could go Stinkweeds in Tempe next to Pita Jungle and see a band perform live, just hours before it was to take the stage at Marquee Theatre?Seeing Camper Van Beethoven play live at a local record store is what stands out to me. Then patrons even have the opportunity to chat with the band as they pack their gear. That's simply unheard of. Even Kimber, the owner, told me of the days when the store had a location in Mesa and sold a bunch of vinyl. Now, thanks to the ipod generation and illegal downloading of music,  all we're left with is the Phoenix store. The Camelback store has a great collection of obscure music you won't find in other stores. The store also has band stickers you'd be hard pressed to find on the Internet. I believe Stinkweeds is what Hoodlums aims for but Hoodlums gets local bands to perform there and their selection is far more mainstream. Worth the drive to central Phoenix to find, say, that German synth pop EBM band that Best Buy will never carry.
5	I remember when those silver little disks came out and I held tightly onto my beautiful vinyl record collection thinking that I would never go over to the dark side that was the CD with it's tiny art and expensive machine that required it. I felt the same way about my typewriter and my sixty-eight mustang but alas, time changes everything. I remember waking up with my mom and dad standing over me and thinking someone had died. Actually a piece of my heart died because someone had broken into my car and stole my CD case with over 300 of my most beloved CDs many of them bought in Europe on the black market of "bootleg" concerts (why, why, why did I leave that case in the car?) I felt the sharp sting of karma even though I didn't have any Sting in my collection, but maybe the Pixies entire European adventures in the late eighties. If I step into a Best Buy I feel overwhelmed and forget what I am looking for, and usually the twenty plus years I have on the person I finally track down renders our music speak completely incompatible. I love good music and by good I mean whatever sounds good to me... and Dario seems to have my taste down even if it is not his own. I can't whistle a tune, or even whistle for that matter. But I can explain to Dario, he plays his idea of what I want, and 99% of the time I love it and play it until I drive everyone in the house crazy and then I go back and start all over again. People complain about price... I'm guessing if you love fast food and Walmart this place may not be to your interest (I'm not judging.) I just think customer service is a lost art and that it has value (no not value menu, value as in I will pay extra.) I like that they sell tickets to  music acts I want to see (Bowerbirds and St. Vincent here I come.) So I love this store.
3	so you should support your local businesses, I am totally down with that, and if you're one of those people that's still willing to pay 15 or 17 bucks for a new cd, god love ya, this is your place. but if you're like me and you shop around and you shop online and you buy electronic, that seems high. this is a small little place so there ain't much selection of new or used, especially compared to Zia or Bookman's, and the used stuff isn't all that much cheaper than the new, which I just can't get into. It does have personality, I'll give it that, it feels a little lost in time, like there should vinyl in the slots, not cds, and if that's what you're going for, cool, check it, thumb through the stacks, but just know, there are cheaper ways to buy, just without the ambiance..
4	So I walk in and start talking with the guy behind the counter.  I'd meant to drop in, pick up the new Regina Spektor album for my Papa as a surprise, and pop out.  While we were talking, I mentioned that I was specifically looking for something ambient to play while I worked.. but I had to get to dinner in fifteen minutes.  He said that, if I felt comfortable leaving him my iPod, he'd look through it and get some albums together for when I got back.When I came back by, he'd pulled probably a dozen albums and a few vinyls.  He went through each one, explaining why he pulled it and describing the album's sound.  I wound up buying the vinyl of Grizzly Bear's Veckatimist, which is still one of my favorite albums of last year, and constantly on replay, and perfectly fit my requirements for ambient work music.This place is all about the customer service - if you ask, and you're willing to put in a little time and effort, expect to leave with some awesome, perfectly-chosen music.
5	I went to Stinkweeds today with a mp3 recording I made off of an internet radio station two years ago. A station from LA used a collage of music in an intro that included a literally 3 second piece of a song, no kidding. I hesitated for so long thinking it would be impossible to identify the artist and when I first played it for Lindsey she exclaimed with a sly smile was "Is this a test"  but with only two listenings  she was able to identify the Go Teams "Do It Right" without the use of the internet thus ending my two year trek. She really knows her stuff.
3	I never buy music, ever. NEVER EVER. That's from anywhere.Because of my love for all things free I didn't even bother to check prices or really look for anything specific here. I just wanted to pop in & get a feel for the place. Seems cool here, I guess.The people working there just let you walk in & do your thing. They don't really talk to you or even look up much unless you get their attention.My friend asked if they had cassette tapes. The girl at the front said they have a very small selection. Pretty much nothing my friend would be interested in anyway probably. Way to sell it there lolI asked if they even had a restroom. The whole place is itty bitty. She pointed to it while saying it was pretty gross. Was it really gross, or did she just not want me to use it? I didn't push the door open to check.I got my feel for the place. Why would I need to come back here?
4	I love Stinkweeds, it might be small, but it is packed with tons of great music.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, they let you do your own thing, but they are completely approachable if you have any questions.  I have enjoyed seeing some of the in-store performances they have.  I also love the fact that they have promotional material for new releases, and I have gotten quite a few posters there.  I almost always buy my concert tickets there as well, I will gladly support Stinkweeds when I can.The only complaint I have is when it gets busy in there, it is incredibly difficult to move around and it can get pretty hot in there.  I do have to admit I miss the other locations.
5	I love this place & I love everything it stands for. Buy local. Kimber and her staff are so knowledgeable & friendly. Its kinda fun to just hang out and talk music with them. I learn something new every time I go in. Thanks Kimber, for all that you do for this city.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Stinkweeds...it is such a jewel of a record store...a true snapshot of culture in Phoenix...AND locally owned...so even better!!
5	I love Stinkweeds.  Owned by local commerce booster Kimber Lanning, Stinkweeds provides better selection and pricing than many national vendors.  The staff are helpful, and if they don't have what you're looking for, they'll happily special order it for you.   The parking lot is smallish, but I've never had a problem finding a space.  The central location is a big plus.  They share the plaza with other locally-owned businesses, so it makes for a fun shopping excursion.  Their listening stations are well-stocked with a variety of music, and the staff loves to talk music, as well.  They also carry a great selection of music mags, as well as some books.
5	Definitely my favorite record spot in the world.  My world is in Phoenix therefore there isn't much to compare too.  The Tempe location helped me first get hooked, but even when they moved to my side of town the transition went smooth.  Everyone there is helpful, into the city and appreciates music.  The only downfall is I wish it was bigger!
5	This is my favorite place to find my music on vinyl and CD's, buy concert tickets and just to even chat about music.Everyone who works there is knowledgeable about what comes in and even know about the new projects going on in the music scene.  If you can't find something, they are more than willing to help without an attitude and can even reserve / order items for you.This is also my first stop on Record Store Day in April, they are the only ones with an awesome bag give-a-way with new music and band swag for FREE!I am so glad there are still stores like this that I can call home to and better yet I was at a concert at the Rhythm Room and saw Lindsay the store manager there.  Good to see that everyone who works there keeps up with the music scene.  : )
5	Being an audiophile who delves deep into the musical landscape in order to dig up those little known tracks and easily overlooked B-sides, Stinkweeds is not the 1st place I venture in order to satisfy my auditory tastes.  I think for most of us living in Phoenix/ Tempe area, in this day and age our 1st resort is the internet.  Without a record store powerhouse such as Amoeba Records nearby or the time to wistfully finger through thousands of albums, the internet just makes more sense.  However, every once in a while I come upon a track (or hopefully an album) that I cannot live without and I have to get it that day, no questions asked.  When these fateful moments arise, I turn to Stinkweeds.  Why, you ask?  Because whether we actually know each other or not, Kimber is my friend in the business.  The store is small and therefore, the selection is limited, but intermingled within the albums that are on the shelves because they sell is something you won't find in every record store:  The owners taste.  The music collection as a whole is a small glimpse into the owners mind, and with that glimpse comes a feeling of familiarity which I have come to trust.  Without question, I just KNOW Stinkweeds will have something I want.  Stinkweeds is a good place to go if you don't really know what kind of music you are looking for.  The collection is hand selected and due to the size of the store, very selective.  I like this fact because you can go there without having to sort through all sorts of overly fabricated garbage which seems to be all over the place these days.  Stinkweeds is also an excellent place to go for tickets.  If you want to go to a great show you've never heard of, Stinkweeds will provide you with an answer to your question.  Unlike Championship Vinyl in the movie High Fidelity, there is no musical pretension at Stinkweeds.  The staff just loves good music and wants you to love good music too. SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESS!!!
4	I love Stinkweeds. Everyone loves Stinkweeds. Let's be honest though, it's a little bit of a scene. There are regulars and the staff is cool. If you're not so much a regular then you might feel a little uncool. But don't let that stop you - strike up a convo with anyone in or near the place and you're immediately going to start feeling like you belong.I haven't ever been disappointed as I tried to find new cds or vinyl, and they have tickets to most of the shows that you'd want to go see. Just bring cash for those tix, friends.
5	Stinkweeds is the real deal record shop! Local, indie, underground, staff that knows its biz. Great store and I am sad that there is only one location left. Hopefiully, it can stay around in these days of music purchasing being an afterthought to the download. Nothing quite like hanging in a record shop checking out stuff and listening to the picks of the clerk.
5	Solid indie store. I will have to return again and again to properly peruse and appreciate all the vinyl. Used selection is awesome, and I don't think I saw any crappy music in the place.Gaga, Bieber, Spears fan? Not the place for you.You have some taste? Make your way to Stinkweeds.
4	By now, I've purchased something at pretty much every outlet that sells records, new or used... That includes Stinkweeds, Tracks in Wax, Revolver, three different Zias, Bookmans, Rockzone... And I have to say, Stinkweeds is easily the best place to buy new vinyl.  That is, if you're into indie rock.  They basically cater to the hipster crowd, but that's OK, because I like some of that music.If you're looking specifically for used vinyl, head elsewhere.  Actually, just go right across the street to Tracks in Wax.  That's not to say they don't have any good used records; just last Saturday, I found some nice copies of Born in the USA and Adrian Belew's "Lone Rhino."  Sweet!  And that's not even hipster music!This is a good place.  If you're one of those people who, like Dave B., were apparently abused by a hipster as a child, you may not enjoy the vinyl records plastered all over the place, or the local music section.As an added bonus, there is a candy store next door, where you can buy a Cheerwine or Gale's Root Beer.  Mmmmm!
5	Terrific independent record store.  Great place to find new music.  Good stock of hard to find CD's.  It is terrific to have so many listening stations.
4	Stinkweeds is a great local shop.  You will find a larger selection of music at other local (and larger) shops but Stinkweeds is well worth a visit.  The used vinyl and CD selection is decent and they're happy to order anything they can for you.  This is a must stop, along with Revolver, if you purchase vinyl and/or your musical taste runs deeper than Lady Gaga, Katy Perry or Green Day.  Stop by if only to possibly expand your musical horizons or to keep your hard earned dollars circulating in the local Phoenix area economy.
5	This is one stop shopping for indie music fans. They have listening stations where you can preview new releases. The selection of used cds is large and could easily take up your whole afternoon. I always find something I've been searching for when I go in!But the real reason I keep going back? The staff. They give me great recommendations every time I visit, are always willing to talk, and will even put on any of the cds in the store for you to listen to while browsing. Stinkweeds is an essential part of the indie music scene in Phoenix. Support your local record store! You won't be disappointed!
4	Great indie music store and wonderful staff - they are really attentive and they make recommendations based on your taste if you're unsure on what to get . More than their personalized service that keeps me coming back, I can spend a whole day in here just listening to records as well.
5	This is the best record store I have ever been to. The staff knows so much about so many different types of music and they are always willing to help you find what you need. If you tell the staff what style of music you are looking for they will help you find tons of options,and then other options that you would probably want after you listened to whatever you buy.  I am not a DIY music consumer so i depend on this place for ideas on how to grow my library. These people care about music and it always really shows.
5	Absolutely love this record store. They always have a great stock of new releases, especially vinyls. The staff is very friendly and make great recommendations.I just have a minor gripe with the store and that it is kind of small, but it's just a minuscule problem. When attending Record Store Day, it get's incredibly cramped, but to me that's ok because I love to see the support for a local independent record store.
5	As far as indie record stores, this is truly as good as it gets in the valley.It is a breath of fresh air because it is a REAL record store, and you can sample CD's along the wall to get your music fix.I love how they have a list of recommended new releases. I definitely refer to them if my music is getting stale.Recently, my husband and I have bought albums from Beirut, Andrew Bird and Iron & Wine. They have everything your heart desires- so go and get you some!OH- and I just found out you can buy concert tickets there, and they usually give out a free "Magnet" magazine with each purchase. Woohoo!
4	this was my second stop during my trip to AZ. this is pretty much a good place if you are into new Current Indie Vinyl. Their selection of good used 80s vinyl is pretty scarce. I like to spend, I should say, I end up spending, way too much money on records, but here I was only able to spend under $20.  I do have to give this place props, as I scored some used 80s 12in singles, which were cheap and were almost brand new----I did find it weird they seal all their used stuff, but was pretty pumped to find all of it was almost pristine
4	Very nice little shop!They had exactly what I was looking for at the best price. Staff was helpful and friendly and I even found a few nice little surprises.I would definitely recommend this shop to any fan of new independent vinyl or any music lover who just want to spend an extra few bucks in a nice comfy little place.I wish they had more of an avant garde/new music section but hey, I wish everything could be perfect. This place is just fine in my pretentious little book.
2	Definitely not thrilled with vinyl selection. Cool place though.
5	Really good selection of current hip artists. Harder to find older items. Listening stations and friendly staff. Reasonably priced but worth it.
4	If you can get over the grumblings of 15-year-olds talking about how they "grew up listening to Belle and Sabastian", then Stinkweeds is the place for indie records.
4	Stinkweeds is a great place to listen to new albums, browse old albums/musical publications, and see what evens are coming up in the area. Although it is on the smaller side, this place is record heaven. I haven't bought a CD in years until I came to this place. The staff is extremely friendly and will help you with whatever you need. Note: sorry tranceheads, you won't find a vast selection of this genre. :( however, take the opportunity to browse some new beats.Overall, if you've got some time to kill, or need a unique gift, head to stinkweeds. It'll be a great experience all around.
3	Stinkweeds is a Phoenix audiophiles institution. I am from New Jersey and have even heard of it prior to being in the area initially, some 14 years ago. I was out for an eight day visit with my family, visiting my parents in Goodyear. I always save a day for a record shopping spree. My wife and I, are longtime former metal/hard rock journalists and seasoned music fans. We have been to record stores both nationally and inter nationally over the years. With that being said, we have some clout on what we know to be quality or not in a record store. We have been purchasing vinyls since the 1970s as kids!     We both agreed that Stinkweeds was an above average record shop, particularly if you are a fan of indie rock. We found a few gems amongst the more modern indie myriad of vinyls. The store is small in square footage, but utilizes the space appropriately. The staff was friendly and eager to assist you. Various clean and operational listening booths were located along the left wall not from from the entrance. I believe four stations in all. Some band and S.W. t shirts are for sale. I purchased a S.W. shirt for myself, it was impressive and only $10.00, a steal! They provide mail order, as we had our records purchased on site, shipped back to us. Overall our impression was one of it is right near Wax n Tracks, and worth a brief stop int he next time we are in town vibe. Worth nothing: parking is located in the rear, as is the entrance to the store. Established in 1987, this location is a stalwart in a dying tangible record store scene. Support it.
5	Great boutique record store. Friendly staff. A must visit in Phx!
5	Great record/cd store.  Price is reasonable.   Love their listening stations.
4	It's a sad day. The day before Record Store Day and the realization that the last decent part of Americana is almost extinct. The corner record store is almost completely dead, thanks to Amazon.com and Walmart. Stinkweeds will never die. It will be the last of the dinosaurs and keep going. About the size of your work break room, but still the same experience. I don't think the store will ever change and thank god for that. I bought my first punk LP at stinkweeds and still go there for rare punk music. I like the fact that it is small, quiet and the selection is always changing for the better. Can't wait until my visit. Thank you Stinkweeds. Happy Record Store Day!!!
5	Great little record store.  The staff is very nice and know way more than I about music.  It's not a huge place, but they have some really neat stuff I didn't find anywhere else in the valley.  They actually have a pretty large parking lot considering their placement downtown so that is always a plus.  They have a a pretty good selection of new vinyl, not that much in the way of used.
4	Cute little record shop, very nice staff.
5	Kimber and this shop are valley instutions. I really have nothing smartassy to say. great staff who love music. Records of all genres. fair prices. stuff that only the internet can give you from smaller indie labels. BEST record store day in town.many reviewers mention that Stinkweeds only has new vinyl. NOT TRUE. Thay have used titles that are of quality. It is out number by new product 4 to 1 but the used stuff they have is great and you don't have to wade through all of the normal common crap to find that kiler used piece. HATS OFF!rawr.rawR!Rawr! RAWR! reviewer Glendale P. should write novellas.
5	There's an impressive range of artists in this little joint, a lot of them being new vinyl presses. The staff is also s u p e r friendly and informed on what they carry, and can totally match you up with your new favorite band if you're trusting enough! I had an incredible experience here and seriously suggest checking it out.
5	Probably my favorite record store in all the valley. I have no idea why I have yet to write a review for this place. Stinkweeds is the creme de la creme of record stores in my honest opinion. They have a great selection of used albums. Both CD and vinyl selections. Now, I know some of you kids reading are going to have no idea what either of those things are. You have probably never heard of a cassette tape or VHS either. All of your baby photos were probably taken on a cell phone. You have probably never had film developed either. So strange to me. This store holds a little piece of nostalgia that is near and dear to my heart. I am one of those people who can pin point exactly what I was doing the first time I heard a song. I associate most of my memories with music. It's just one of those things that will take me back to elementary school, summer camp, Jr. high, high school, pool parties, my first car, road trips, first kiss ,moving, living in Japan, moving again, being pregnant, more road trips, living in Cali, the beach, falling in love, the birth of my son, bar fights, heartbreak, depression, recovery, moving again, more road trips, more parties, and more life. Stinkweeds is a treasure chest of memories. I can't walk in here and leave with nothing.  Also if you frequent shows at Crescent Ballroom you can pick up your show tickets here. I was buying tickets from Stinkweeds at least twice a month for a while there. Music is therapy. Get yours here.
5	Oh Stinkweeds Record Exchange?  Just one of my favorite record stores ever!  The selection of Jazz .. Coltrane in particular is out of this world!  I almost never find Coltrane albums anywhere else besides my hometown.. Baltimore, MD, but this one always have at least one.Lots of Bob Marley, Stevie Wonder and Jimi Hendrix.  I've been searching for Stevie's "Hotter Than July" and James Brown "The Big Payback" albums for quite a while.  I did not find them in Stinkweeds but my gut tells me I will :)
5	I regret I have not yet visited the Camelback location (no longer having a car really limits my possibilities these days) - but being that it's the same people responsible for their older locale still behind it, I can vouch for the awesomeness of this store.  In fact one of my all time dearest fondest memories is tied up with the super-helpfulness of the staff!Flashback to mid-90's.  Record collecting was a hobby of mine (I would scan the pages of Goldmine Magazine with a fine tooth comb looking for that rarity) - this was still before web usage was commonplace.  I had hear about Stinkweeds from others for several years but since it was on the opposite corner of the Valley - and my not having a car at that time - made visiting it a chore.  One day, some friends of mine and I were in the general area for something else and we had time to browse around the shop.  Indeed they did have a very impressive selection and as I combed through racks, I just struck up some (what I thought at the time) was some basic general conversation about "Oh, I've heard about this place for ages but I live on the opposite side of the Valley and this is my first visit".  After talking about how I enjoy record collecting and the stuff I'm often on the hunt for, the lady encouraged me to sign their guest log.A fair amount of time had passed and then one day out of the blue, I get a message on my answering machine from Kimber with Stinkweeds who mentioned she actually remembered how I had talked about collecting rare Eurythmics records and how frustrating it was for a E'mics fan in the States since a lot of Dave Stewart's solo stuff hadn't been released here and was very hard to find.  She was calling to let me know that they had a copy of one of those "holy grails" I had so far been unsuccessful tracking down - Dave Stewart & the Spiritual Cowboys' second unreleased-in-the-US album "Honest" and she said it was mine if I wanted it!!  I was just floored!  Not only was I finally going to have a copy of an album I've been fervently tracking down but just the idea that what had been an almost forgotten (on my end) "aside" in a general/small talk conversation was actually remembered and noted and when I'm not at all expecting it, someone was able to acquire something I couldn't and set it aside just for me first before putting it on the shelves!    It was a two hour bus ride (each way) to get there but so worth it!  Not only did I buy the album but I also left with a SECOND Dave Stewart rarity that I hadn't found til then - an album he recorded with Terry Hall under the name "Vegas".  (I had acquired the cd singles from the album via record magazines but not the album itself.)  The long bus ride back was even better because I had my portable cd player with me and listened to my new records.  To this day, "Vegas" still remains my second top favorite album of all time!Hopefully sometime soon, I can make a trek to the Camelback location and see how it's doing and update this review a little more.  In this age of Amazon, file sharing and internet shopping, it's still gratifying that there still remains some actual honest to goodness brick-and-mortar shops and I'm thrilled that Stinkweeds is still one of the last ones standing!
