3	So...  I usually only eat in the Sushi bar/bar area because I am not into the whole hibachi thing.  This place is usually very busy for Happy Hour, so if you just want to eat and not worry about a crowd, try a different place or come at a different time.  Otherwise, it can be amusing to people watch here.  Personally, I come for the Sushi.  Ever since my friend introduced me to the Hanalei roll, I can't resist it.  Shrimp tempura, cream cheese, some other stuff, then tempura batter fried.  Tastes so much better than it sounds, worth the $14 price tag (if done right) as it is double the standard sized roll.  The other rolls are all decent and the sashimi servings are huge.  If you are on a first date, beware - the pieces of sushi are so gigantic that you'll either 1) look like a pig stuffing it all into your mouth or 2) risk having the entire piece fall apart all over you as you try to daintily take normal bite sizes out of the sushi-piece.  You decide whether you will go for option 1 or 2!  Oh, and just say NO to the tempura appetizer.  It's not tempura, that would actually be Japanese style.  No, what you will get if you order the tempura is American-style beer-battered shrimp and 3 pieces of vegetables, all for 11 bucks.  Blech.Service is always a bit shoddy in the bar area, but to be fair, that place gets crazy busy.  So...  Food, 4; Service 2-3 depending on the night and business; atmosphere, 3.  But hey, if you just want that busy happy hour scene, this is a place to go to!  P.S.  Parking can be a pain.  It's Carson in the Southside, what do you expect?
4	My sister & I went to the sushi bar on a Sunday afternoon and I was quite pleased. The chefs at the bar were very friendly and chatty (though I'm sure that had something to do with how empty the place was), and we got a ton of sushi for under $40. My sister got the spider rolls and I ended up stealing a few because they were so tasty. I live in Chicago, and the prices were pretty comparable to cheaper sushi there, so it was a great deal. My sister keeps saying we have to go back over the holidays, and I definitely agree!EDIT: So we went back on Saturday and this time shared the maki platter, some Spider rolls, and the Hanalei rolls.The hanalei rolls were by far the best sushi I have ever had. I am still having dreams about them.That's all.
2	You would think by the crowds in this place it was the only sushi place in the whole city of Pittsburgh. I went in with good expectations of this place considering it is always crowded.....boy was I wrong!!!First off the service at this place is horrible. This is mostly a 22-28 yr old staffed place. The hostess basically laughed at me when I said we did not have a reservation, offered us to have a drink at the bar, and then said "but you cannot stand around in this area here around the door it is getting too crowded so either the bar or maybe wait outside" ...seriously you don't tell a customer that. We just wanted sushi anyways, so we sat at the sushi bar and ordered some rolls and sashimi. Now maybe I am spoiled from living on the west coast for so long now that I am used to Asians (usually Japanese..go figure) working and making my sushi. There were 3 white guys about 25 yrs old making my rolls for me, not to say they cannot do it as well as anyone else, but the rolls were seriously not that great.  Hell I did not even see an Asian person working at the tables either, they were mostly Mexican guys. Sorry, I know most of the reviews are raving about how good this place is, but to me it seems pretty pricey for what you get and the food is not all that. I can only speak for the sushi...maybe the dinners at the tables are better. To sum it up this is mostly an over priced sushi bar that is a good place to hang out and have drinks with friends and maybe hit on some groups of women out for dinner.
2	I went there with my son because he really wanted to go.  He loves sushi and is always excited about flying food, so what better place to go, right?And it's always packed, which means it must be good, right? Overall I'd say wrong.The sushi was about the same quality that I get at Giant Eagle.  You know the kind... "I'm really jonesin for some sushi, but I guess I'll take the old salmon stuck on top of crunchy cold rice because I'm too lazy to put my ass in the car and drive to Sushi Kim or some other real sushi bar."The hibachi: Quality level on par with Benihana.  Enough said.  It reminds me of what a chef friend of mine said about the Spaghetti warehouse one day: "Fancy Ragu".  The hibachi was fancy canned chop suey.Oh, and the price.  One adult and one 14 year old lunch (2 small plates of sushi and 2 hibachi lunches) $80.00.  Someone hand me the Astroglide.  Quick.I've been sampling these kinds of establishments on both coasts for the past 15 years, from Vancouver BC to San Diego, from Miami to Boston.  For what they charge, the quality should be much better and the staff should TRY to smile once in a while.  Sorry, honey, but tight skirt and 17 layers of makeup can't hide a mean heart.Here ends the rant prescribed by this reviewer for this restaurant.
4	Excellent spot for hibachi and sushi with friendy staff and quick service.The Chicken Diablo dinner was delicious
3	I go here a few times a month, mostly because I think the bar scene is probably one of the most fun in Pittsburgh.   It gets pretty crowded especially on the weekends, but the staff does a good job especially after you go there a few times and they know who you  are.  It's the only place I know of in Pittsburgh that on any given day (even a monday or tuesday) there will be a good crowd at the bar with a higher girl to guy ratio than the usual dudefest at most bars.  The hibachi is better than most.  It's definitely better than benihana, but probably not as good as Shogun in Monroeville.  The only thing I don't like about the hibachi (or any hibachi) is that after the meal you smell like a diner short order cook because of the oil from the grill.  The other menu items are pretty average at best.  The marinated beef tips and chicken lettuce wraps are okay appetizers.  The edaname is pretty hard to mess up and the miso soup is about average.  The sushi is awful.  I mean I guess the rolls are edible, but you can hide the quality by adding a lot of junk to cover up the flavor.  The sashimi (whish is really all that I order) I found to be really poor quality and the way it was sliced was not at all how sashimi should be sliced.  I really don't understand how this place wins best overall restaurant and best sushi  in Pittsburgh.  It really makes no sense.  Most of the people I know agree that the hibachi is good, but overall the restaurant isn't that good and the sushi not good at all.  However, I have a  friend who is one of the chefs assures me that the quality of ingredient is good.  Overall, I suggest if you eat here the hibachi is pretty good and fun if  you are having a sit down dinner.  If you are eating at the bar try to stick to the edamame or maybe one of the appetizers mentioned.  I strongly suggest staying away from the sushi, but if you  must stick to the most basic of rolls (california roll, etc.).  In fact, if you are not sitting down for hibachi go eat at Dish on the same street and head to Nakama only for the bar.
2	I've tried to like Nakama, I really have. There is a serious shortage of good sushi in the Southside.....as in there are only two places to go for it. With the renovation and new ownership of the old Sushi Two into Tokyo Bistro, Nakama has dropped to last place (or 2nd), for Sushi in south side. Nakama has style. The interior is gorgeous. This is where it all ends and goes south though. The food is very uninspired, the waits for a table are unbelievable (and unwarranted), presentation has gone downhill over the years - and the worst part: the crowd.For some reason, Nakama has turned into a singles scene. Please explain to me how a sushi & hibachi restaurant is now a meat-market? (fish market? hehe) Any given night of the week, you will find scantily clad fake women (could be a good thing), and old rich perverts trying to pick them up......cougars, suburbanites, screaming children....it's nuts. At peak dinner hours, you literally have to fight your way through everything. You'd think you stepped into Town Tavern by accident or something!The other issue, and the reason why I am marking it bad for groups, is the lack of larger tables dedicated solely to sushi eaters. If you have a large group of people, you may as well pass. You can either camp out and wait for a bunch of seats to open up at the sushi bar, or sit at a hibachi grill - which is terrible for the cook if everyone in your party wants sushi.Here are some final pros to balance this out a little bit and explain why I gave it two stars:- Great drinks...best bloody mary I've had.- Awesome for late night food once it clears out- Good lunch specials- The aforementioned interior spaceBut if you really want good sushi, go to Umi in Shadyside or Pennsylvania Fish Company on Penn Ave in the strip. Nakama is not the place.
1	The food is great if you are there for food and if it was still 2005.  The sushi is sub-par and on more than one occasion I've left their feeling a bit ill from it. As another reviewer wrote, "Nakama has turned into a singles scene. "  I don't understand this phenomenon either as if you are there for more than 5 minutes you cannot go anywhere else without smelling like the inside of that place. You also have to wash your clothes twice to get it out, it's almost worse than cigarette smoke.
1	ICK--avoid this place.  I took one bite of the sushi and stopped eating it.  It tasted funny and waaaaaay fishy.  Our chef wasn't Asian but some white guy who didn't knock my socks off.  All he did was toss some high sodium sauce on some veggies and meat, stir them around, and serve them on our plates.  My stomach hurt less than 1 hour after I ate there...'nuff said.
2	If you want Benihana's in Pittsburgh, I guess this is the place to go. Other than the fact that they have some marketing and advertising genius who's greased the palms of every "guide to the city" and "best restaurants" free pamphlet that they hand out at hotel concierge desks, I don't know what all the hype's about. They have a big sushi bar area, and quite a few grills in the back. We sat at a table with some PITT football players and I ordered the filet, while TY got surf and turf. It was all kind of eh, but I have to say that customer service was very good and all the staff were really nice. The filet was tender, but I think just the flavor of everything was mediocre, especially at their prices. We had a coupon for $15 in one of the aforementioned guide books, so pick one of those up before you spend your money here.
2	Review for Bar/Scene Only:My mom says my crackface cousin (she doesn't call him that) raves about this place.  My random childhood friend's boss told me I should come here to meet interesting people.  I went for drinky times.I brought a City Paper with me, as I was alone and needed some entertainment.  I sat at the bar for about 20 minutes, watching everyone around me get served.  Two large, bald headed gentlemen sidled up and were taken care of immediately by the bartender.  Still nothing in front of me.  Eventually I was asked "Are you OK?" at which point I requested a drink list.  Now, I don't really go in for too much mixed alcohol or sweet stuff, so I ended up just ordering a Pearl (cold-unfiltered) sake.I'm not sure what people see in this place.  I mean, the bar scene is almost all large and/or old(er) people who usually happen to be bald if they possess a scrotum.  I mean, that's fine, that's cool.  Just not what I consider a "happening scene".  Also, my bartender made me taste the sake before giving it to me.  I thinke maybe he thought I didn't know what I was ordering.  To be fair, I was the only one in the whole bar drinking sake, so maybe they don't sell that much of it.The food may be tasty, but I was warned that it would "give me the poops".  Can't verify that though.  Has anyone else noted the playing cards stuck to the ceiling?  That's pretty cool.  I also like the exposed pipes.  It's really not so bad from a design standpoint.  Just a Pittsburgh kind of place, I guess...
3	I love sushi - and even though Nakama is always extremely busy and crowded, they have a great sushi menu.  I had the avocado and Philadelphia roll when I was last here, but one young chef was very sweet and gave my friend and me an entire roll for free.  You can't beat that!
1	I ate at Nakama for the first time last night, sat at the sushi bar with two friends, ordered a ton of food, and an expensive bottle of sake (which was over priced and soso in quality). Despite the money we dropped, the service was horrible, simply put; unprofessional, rude, and snotty.Now, this place has nothing to be uppity about: THEY DO NOT EVEN UNDERSTAND WHAT SUSHI IS. It was Americanized to the extreme, the menu was embarrassing, as with the wine and sake list. The sashimi was so poorly cut you could barley chew on it, the maki was not tightly rolled. And the fish... oh the fish, no flavor.The hipster crowd should of tipped me off, this is place for people who do not know anything about dining, and probably only eat sushi because they think it's the cool thing to do. The crowd was nothing but meat heads and trashy looking girls, the music selections we're bottom of the barrel, and the blaring sports tv's would ruin anyones dinner who cares.
1	I worked at a top notch sushi restaurant and was educated very well with the real definition of sushi over summer. and having come back to pittsburgh and eating at nakama, i was sadly disappointed. no one knows what they're serving and it's just a trendy place that pretends to serve sushi for people to say they "eat sushi". the drinks and bar section is fun and the tvs are great for games. but i would not go back there for any food any time soon.
2	I went to the hibachi with a few friends here on a weeknight, and I didn't try the sushi so I can't speak to it.  It was pretty packed and indeed, it was very loud and very dark.  You seriously might want to bring a flashlight to read the menu (I'm not joking).  There were only 4 of us at the hibachi table, so the  fun factor was pretty dulled down, but it didn't help that you couldn't really hear what the guy was trying to say anyway.  The server had a hard time hearing me as well, but my order of chicken was correct.  So as for the food:Salad - was well saturated with ginger dressing -I mean they must have tossed it with a good amount of dressing before bringing it out.  The dressing was good, but definitely not that good. Soup - salted and fine, nothing notable.Shrimp flambe - chewy, tasteless, didn't even have the butter flavor.Rice - steamed and fineChicken and veggies - dry dry dry chicken, veggies were good, and the flavors on the veggies were very good.  Sauces - okayThe ladies room:Pretty clean, and also staffed.Bottom line for me - I wouldn't come back here on my own volition - there are other places in Pgh I would try first.
1	For the life of me, I can't understand why people rave about this place.  Their sushi is lousy, and their hibachi is mediocre at best!  And waaaaay overpriced.Granted the location is great and the decor is awesome, but I as a diner I'm much more concerned about food/service quality than a gorgeous setting.  Thumbs down, try Yokoso on the Waterfront.
2	It's interesting that one of the most crowded restaurants in the South Side (possibly, all of Pittsburgh?) has such bad ratings on Yelp. I think Yelpers have it right in the case. Nakama totally did not live up to the hype for me. I had the hibachi and it was just mediocre. The chef / entertainer wasn't even that good - no cool tricks and he didn't even try throwing food in my mouth. The place was so loud that there is no way you can have a decent conversation if you come with a group of people. And, I swear they celebrated 10 birthdays during the hour we were dining there. They have this irritating gong that they bring out. You can't hear the guy next to you, but you will hear every birthday dinner that night. A bunch of my co-workers like Nakama's sushi bar, so when I get a chance to try it, I'll update my review. Until then, I'm not quickly planning my next Nakama outing.
1	This is a god-awful excuse for a restaurant.  The actual serving of food is last on its list of priorities, which run something like this:1) Having heavily-made-up waitresses treat diners rudely.2) Functioning as a place for bald-headed men to drink.3) Using "valet parking" to totally tie up the intersection of 17th and Carson.4) Being a mediocre-to-poor Americanized "Japanese" restaurant.I had sushi the only time I came here (probably about three years ago).  It was really bad.  Cold, rubbery rice that not only didn't have any rice vinegar in it, but wasn't properly cooked.  Rolls looked like they had been created in a fit of pique by a drunken marmot or other mammal lacking opposable thumbs.  And the fish, while not being actively spoiled, was not notable for its freshness either.If you want hibachi, try Yokoso.  If you want excellent, authentic sushi, try Chaya in Squirrel Hill.  If you want pretty decent, cheap sushi, try Oishii Bento in Oakland.  But for the love of god, don't come here for any reason.
1	Great location in Southside and good if you want to fulfill a Hibachi craving. However, not the greatest Hibachi, nor the most authentic either. It's also really loud in the restaurant.
2	Nakama has OK sushi.   Nakama is noisy, the waiters take forever to serve you, and it's way overpriced. If you want authentic sushi go to CHAYA THE BEST SUSHI IN THE BURGH!
1	Quality of edible product: not goodQuality of service: not goodEnvironment: very loud in front room, dead fish in bowl behind sushi barI would never eat here again unless they were taken over by new ownership.  And then they would get one chance.
2	Sushi was okay.  Nothing special, but a little better than Little Tokyo.  Bartender was rude.  Made my French Kiss martini incorrectly (I watched as he poured an imitation chambord liquor).  Hiachi was okay.  Soup was way too salty.  Salad was good.  The chix and steak were pretty good.  Service was horrible.  Had to pass all used dishes to the waitress across the grill.  Will not hurry back.
1	I'm a big fan of hibachi-style cooking, and my old place on the South Side was right down the street from Nakama, so I was excited to try it when I still lived there.  Once was enough, I'll never go back there again.The food was pretty terrible through and through.  The meat didn't taste very fresh, the soup and salad were both forgettable, and the fried rice was AWFUL.  I can't understand why this place is so popular, my best guess is that some people consider it a "classy", "cultured" destination to get drunk at.  There are plenty of those types of places on the South Side already, and I'd venture a guess that even the bars serve better food.
3	now i sympathize with a lot of the reviews for nakama, but in 3 separate experiences i've never had anything close to a 1 star time.  our most recent trip led us to the sushi bar where the service was lightning-fast and karma-friendly.  (our waitress forgot to charge a salmon roll and ended up comping it in the end)  it may be overpriced, but isn't all sushI?  the red dragon roll was worth every cent as was the hanalei.  i've never ventured to the hibachi side of the road, and i just have a feeling that you'll be better off sticking to the sushi.  cheer up pretentious sushites and remember that you're in pittsburgh, not osaka!PS. nobody's mentioned that Nakama's cougar population is flourishing.
3	Good food but you are paying for the atmosphere. Can't order sushi for take out past 5pm or somewhere around that time. Gets easily crowded and so loud you can't hear your friends talking. I go to the sushi place in the waterfront. Better prices and less crowded and free parking.
1	This has got to be THE most overrated restaurant in Pittsburgh. I get that there's a giant Koi above the door and that there are always scantily clad women sipping martini's at the bar, but the place sucks. The sushi is mediocre and the service is bad. It seems like the wait staff would rather slit their wrists before help a paying customer. That's all I have to say. Nakama sucks.
2	DISCLAIMER: I've only ever tried the sushi. I have no clue about the hibatchi bar.I was delighted to see that I'm not the only one who finds this place to be completely overrated and overpriced. The sushi was your average run of the mill raw fish. Nothing special about the freshness or the imaginitivity of the rolls. That is, except for the price. I couldn't believe that a meal for such average sushi cost as much as it did. If you're looking for some decent raw fish to feed your sushi craving, try Chaya in Squirrel Hill instead. You won't regret it.
1	Let me start with what works at Nakama: The servers. They're super nice and efficient.What doesn't work is the food, the prices, the crowds, the incredibly busy, loud bar without the possibility of being seated in the quieter room (reserved only for Habachi eaters) -- even when you're paying $15.00/person FOR LUNCH!  And, the restaurant demands that you dress in nice casual wear. No t-shirts, yet the food was terrible!We shared the Spider Roll and the Chicken and Shrimp Habachi plate, as well as a seaweed salad. The salad was okay. The Spider Roll came in a sticky, overly-sweet sauce which ruined the flavor. The crab was rubbery and seemed old. The chicken Habachi was waaaaaaay overcooked (dry to the point of being hard to swallow),  the shrimp smelled old , and it was NOT DEVEINED (read: it still had the poop tunnel in it!). ICK! This is supposed to be Pittsburgh's finest sushi restaurant? Old fish meets overcooked chicken, meets truly bad sushi, meets loud bar with no option to sit elsewhere (even when you're not drinking), meets overpriced lunch menu!My advice: Go elsewhere! If you want something to eat, check out ANY other restaurant in the South Side. Even if it's bad, it won't be as expensive as Nakama. But, there are better places to be had in Pittsburgh. Not being from the area, I can't speak for sushi bars, but,  I especially like The Gypsy Cafe and Primanti's in the South Side. Cheers!
2	I really wish this place was great, but unfortunately, the decor does not make up for the mediocre sushi and the abhorrent clientele.  That place during happy hour reminds me of a Bosch painting, except for populated by yuppies instead of the naked damned.  The waitstaff is decent, but the hibachi chefs are kind of weak.  If you go on the weekend, you can have an awkward conversation about how loud you pee with the bathroom attendant.  I guess there's not a lot of small talk to be had.  I have had fun in this place, but I can have fun pretty much anywhere.  Oh, and if it is crowded, good luck hearing a word that anybody says.
2	The hibachis were already closed, but that is fine since I save my teppanyaki experiences for Benihana.  We sat at the drink bar and looked through the menu to find items that we might want.  It doesn't take me long to find what I want in an Asian restaurant:GyozaSpider rollSpicy tuna rollSpicy chicken piecesHibachi fried riceMarinated beef tipsEverything arrived in increments, which was great since it was so much food.  Our drinks were always full and the service was spectacular.  Where did Nakama go wrong?  All of the food tasted like a shadow of what it could have been. The flavors were not vibrant, which really was sad since I could tell that the ingredients were fresh.  My sushi didn't smell and it didn't have a fishy taste; it just had very little taste altogether.  Nothing was spicy -- piquant -- that was supposed to be spicy.  The spicy chicken pieces are more sweet than anything else and the beef and rice was just as flavorless.  I wish that there was more flavor to everything that I ate; especially considering the price tag.
4	I really thought that Nakama was a great place. We went there for Valentines day. They had great specials and they also provided a complimentary rose with your reservation. It really seemed like they cared about the little details. The restaurant was very clean and decorated nicely. It has a large bar and sushi in the front. I really liked the open design and tall ceilings because it gave the feeling of having a lot of space. The wait staff was very friendly and very prompt with service and bringing drinks. I wouldn't say that it was any more busy/noicey then any other hibachi type restaurant. These always draw crowds and tend to be noisy. The pricing is also on par with any other restaurant of this type. If I had a complaint was it did take a little long for our cook to come out.  They did serve soup and salad quickly. I would go again and recommend it to friends.
5	Nakama is great.......
4	I find the sushi rolls to be quite good contrary to several reviewers here, though I usually put most of my efforts toward hibachi.  My favorite hibachi meal is the kobe beef.  It's pricey, but the taste is a significant experience for me because I love steak.  Note, I am getting rolls and not nigiri or sashimi (go to Umi for that!).  I have been disappointed often times with the "performance" of the chef.  From an entertainment perspective, I've seen better, but the most important aspect is the food and I've always had it well prepared.  The drinks are well mixed in my experience.  I even ordered the one with the glowing ice cube once, which was great, if only for the ice cube and ensuing ridicule.  They offer a limited wine selection, but there are 1 or 2 decent options by the glass.The place is definitely packed all the time, which either makes for good people watching or is sure to annoy you -- it depends what kind of person you are.  I happen to enjoy the crowd.  The bathroom attendant is a bit much though.Yeah, it's pricey, but you get a lot of food.  Most times everyone I'm with ends up taking some for the road.
4	Finally made it here for sushi -  I've been putting it off  as I'm not a fan of sitting at the sushi bar  That said, the chefs didn't even make eye contact, so I was perfectly happy. Yeah, yeah, antisocial...  :)They're docked a star from my perspective because there is no option to the bar/sushi bar area if you don't want hibachi and if someone is with you who doesn't like sushi, they are stuck eating off of the appetizer menu.I always start with basic items when ordering sushi at a new restaurant - had salmon, tuna, shrimp and eel nigiri and a cucumber maki.  The fish was fresh, with decent texture, the cucumber was crispy, and overall Nakama might have taken over the number 2 sushi restaurant spot in my heart.
4	Good place.  Almost always very busy... Might want to make a reservation.  The chefs don't seem to have a whole of personality.... And they are often times not Japanese at all... But the food is good nonetheless.
4	We visited for lunch the other day and we were quite satisfied. Our server was super friendly and prompt. My husband and I are what I like to call fake-sushi fans, so we got a California Roll and a Spicy California Roll cuz we were feeling craaaazy that day. We also ordered the coconut shrimp. Everything came out in a reasonable amount of time, although the shrimp came out a couple minutes AFTER our sushi, and I would have preferred it before.The sushi was well prepared and very tasty. The rolls stuck together just right and had good flavors. The sauce on the spicy rolls had just the right amount of heat. I know, there's not much to a California roll, but what can I say? We're sushi wimps. The coconut shrimp was nearly on par with Red Lobster's coconut shrimp (which are the best coconut shrimp out there) but a teensy bit dry. This was remedied by the yummy, spicy sauce on the side (strangely reminiscent of the sweet chili sauce McDonald's had out during the Olympics...)All in all the service was great and we enjoyed our food, so we'll be back. The lunch hibachi prices are very reasonable so we hope to try that next time.
4	I personally never had the hibachi, I like to sit up at the bar. Its usually pretty hard to find a seat but if you are patient and come with only 1 other person, its usually doable. The rolls are actually very fresh, and very delicious. I eat a lot of sushi and I would definetly say this is fresh fish. I would also add that the rolls are very creative... i have never had a roll that I am not satisfied with.There is also a great atmosphere as usually it is loud, lots of people, TV's everywhere for watching the game. They also have pretty good service! I definetly love coming to this place, if only it didn't take so long to find a seat!
4	Not sure why the low reviews but this is one of my favorite Habachi places in Pittsburgh.  If everyone is mad about the wait for a seat, then reserve a table!!  The food is absolutely amazing, and the waiters are very nice as well.  This is a great place to grab dinner but don't forget lunch!  The food is quite pricey, a dinner plate at the grill can cost you a quick $25, and that's not including drinks and sushi.  Tab for two people including drinks is usually about $100, well worth it if you ask me.  Right after dinner you can find a great place to grab drinks in the South Side.  If you're complaining about the price, just don't go everyday!
2	This is another one of those typical Hibachi style Japanese places.   The food was okay.   The rice was cooked until it was crunchy; one of my pet peeves.The place as also VERY LOUD.  You couldn't hear anyone else talk unless they were right next to you.I don't think I will be back.
2	I don't give many two star reviews, but this place deserves it. Lesson learned after dining here: trust Yelp reviews. Say it with me now, trust...Yelp...reviews....Where to start? Let's start with the positives: Service was good, ambiance is great if you're looking for a fun (read: loud, energetic atmosphere), and the Miso soup.Negatives: I paid $25 per person for overcooked, chewy steak and tasteless shrimp. I decided to fill up on Sapporo, salad, rice and veggies and find the first homeless person to give my leftovers to.If you're looking for Hibachi in Pittsburgh there are other places that you should check out first. I can't comment on the sushi as we didn't order any.
4	I'm definitely a Nakama fan!  Whenever I'm trying to think of a place to go for dinner for a special occasion or a night out, Nakama often comes to mind!We usually get the hibachi dinner and it's always delicious and fun to watch!  We usually get some sushi too!  I live in LA now, so I've definitely had some good sushi out here, but I think the sushi at Nakama is just as good.  My biggest complaint about this place is that it's way overpriced.  They charge you for all of these little extra things too, like fried rice, which I feel is pretty unnecessary.  The sushi is also overpriced in my opinion. Overall though, I've always had a great time at Nakama and I love the food!  I would definitely recommend it!
2	As far as the sushi goes, I'll have to pass from here on out. I can never understand why this place is so packed as it is when I pass it sometimes. Oh, I know why. Because people are clueless. Yes, that's it. (And it has a good location.)
5	I have eaten here many times and have found it enjoyable every time.  I must say I have only had the sushi, so I can't comment on the hibachi.  I am surprised on all the negative and mixed reviews on here.  I have eaten a lot of sushi, in a lot of restaurants, in a lot of cities and Nakama's is legit.  The prices are very fair especially for the portions and how fresh it is...the nigiri slices and sashimi pieces are generous and so are all the rolls....nigiri (2 pieces) or sashimi (3 pieces) of white tuna, ahi tuna, yellow tail, eel for 5.99, salmon 4.99.....inside out rolls (8 pieces) 5.99-6.99...maki rolls (6 pieces) for 3.99-4.99....rainbow roll and specialty rolls around 11.99....this is hardly pricey considering how much you get, how fresh it is and where you're eating it at....I don't see how people had bad times here...did I just get lucky and show up on their good nights everytime?The sushi is well presented and the service has always been good.  The location is perfect in the heart of the south side.  It's a sexy, busy atmosphere and can get loud, but it's not a big deal, sit by the window for great people watching up and down Carson St.  If you sit at the bar, you'll find it comfy and easy to eat even though it is a small place....this isn't the biggest restaurant but it's set up nicely no matter where you sit....The drinks are good too!  It's a great spot to take a date or with friends....It's the place to be feel and has a good, energetic vibe.  It's a fun, good-looking, classy crowd and I have to give it 5 stars.  Everytime I go to Nakama it's been a great sushi and dining experience all around....
5	This restaurant is AMAZING! My boyfriend and I  went there for dinner & were delighted  by the menu selection the ambiance at first but once our meal came, it was absolutely mind blowing. The sushi was so fresh, so delectible, so DELISH and I think this will be my new "go-to" spot in Pittsburgh for amazing sushi. There are so many more rolls that I would like to try. I cannot wait to return to Pittsburgh to go to Nakama again! :)
4	Pretty average sushi bar good food, great location. I'm a fan of this place.
5	I love this place.  I have been to Pittsburg for business several times and I always make sure one night for dinner I stop in.  I have never ate on the hibachi side, but I LOVE there sushi.  The crowd is always lively and upbeat.  You will crave this place every time you set foot in Pittsburg.
4	This place has been a favorite of mine since it opened.  No need to go to Benihana's ever again!  It's locally owned right in the heart of the hip South Side area.  You'll definitely need a reservation for most nights of the week as it is ALWAYS busy.  You may pay for the ambiance but it's definitely worth it for the food.  For drinks try the Key Lime Pie Martini, for an app try the Hawaiian roll and for the habachi try the filet mignon or tuna steak.  They melt in your mouth!  Added bonus, if it's your birthday you bang on a large gong!
4	Was here on a Wednesday night and the place was packed. Luckily it was just the two of us so we were able to sit at the sushi bar right away and you get the whole menu at the sushi bar which was a good thing since hubby wanted steak hibachi. The onion soup came with our meal and was nice and spicy. We had the Hamachi, toro, sake, tamago, all nice and tasty and the nice sweet tamago. The caterpillar roll was very good and we also had the spicy yellow tail roll which was ok. Service was fast, really fast considering how busy they were. Prices are comparable to all other Japanese steakhouses, the steak hibachi was $28.00, the rolls were 10.99, 6.99, 5.99 They have valet parking ($7) which was nice since we are from out of town and had no idea where to park. Talking with people there, they are always very busy and have 600 reservations on Saturdays, so if hitting it on a weekend or if you want to sit at the hibachi tables I would make a reservation. We both said we would come back. Only complaint I have is the sushi bar is near the door and I was cold. If you're at the hibachi tables I'm sure you'd be nice and warm ;) One question: What is with the cards on the ceiling?
3	I love the food and love the feel. The only thing that left me a bit cold was the bartending staff. I have been there three times on business trips and each time they seemed to be indifferent at best, except when my bill came and I got a huge smile and a "Have a wonderful night." which was about as sincere as a campaign promise.
3	We had reservations for four people on a Saturday night at 8:00. We did not get seated until 9:00. In the bathroom I heard the hostess complaining about how backed up they were and that she wanted to tell the complaining guests "I don't know you, I don't care". This attitude aside, the rest of our service was really good. It was slow-going on getting drinks, but I could tell our server was really rushed. Hats off to the people at our "grill" who were going to the bar to buy drinks. It gets hectic at hibachi places, and they did a pretty good job for being as busy as they were. Our hibachi chef was awesome and adorable. He was really a lot of fun, and you could tell he knew what he was doing. The drinks were reasonably priced, as was the menu. I think it was about $45.00 for me by myself with a hibachi meal and two Kettle One cocktails. The shrimp was good, and the steak was really tender. The fried rice was definitely not the best hibachi-fried rice I have ever had, but it hit the spot. I really liked their miso soup, it didn't have tofu, which made me happy! I would love to go back and try the sushi, although I will probably avoid coming here during a peak hour, whether or not I have reservations. Definitely better than Benihana, although I have had better hibachi.
1	May be a decent place to eat hibachi...BUT NOT sushi or sashimi!!!!  I have tried Nakama's 3 times to be fair.  Nakama can not live up to it's name as a "Sushi Bar".  Don't waste your time, money or taste buds....
4	A Saturday night out in Pittsburgh should start at Nakama for no reason other than entertainment (and good cocktails).  The place was packed, but we found a space by the bar in the corner.  We didn't get a chance to eat the food, but I can say the place looks kind of fun.  Not really date worthy as it was pretty loud, but the hibachi style dining is definitely a conversation starter.I ordered a strawberry citrus-tini, a serious $10 cocktail.  In Philly, I wouldn't think twice about this price, but for the burgh, it seemed a bit steep.  It was quite tasty though and I couldn't really stop myself from licking the flavored sugar on the rim.  Nakama is like the serengeti...it is hunt or be hunted.  Ladies brought their A game, or should I say DD game as most everyone in the place had their breasts on display.  We joked about a possible nipple slip...quite frankly, I wouldn't have been surprised.  The gents are just as preened as the ladies and I couldn't help but see that the Jersey Shore had made it all the way across PA.  Fist pumping anyone?We only stayed for the one cocktail, but we were there long enough for some decent people watching.  I would suggest going for the beginning of your evening on Carson St.  I know I certainly learned a lot about the singles scene in my short time there.
5	One of the coolest meals I have ever had. Watching a hibachi chef cook my food in front of me was a real treat.This place gets super crowded, so come early (or really late) and try making a reservation (although they will still probably make you wait).We had to wait a long time before they took our order and a lot more time after that before they started cooking our stuff before us, but once that starts, it all really becomes worth it.I am vegetarian so had miso soup, stir-fried mushrooms, vegetables and tofu with sticky rice (and sake!!).. it was all delicious... watching your food get made in front of you makes it soo much tastier.Portions are enormous, so don't overorder.Great place to catch up with friends and have a lot of fun.
3	The food is reasonable but the place is great for an evening for some good dressing up with some good drinks.The ambience is great but it can get a little too hot near the grills...
3	Have been there several times. The sushi and appetizers are OK. The bar and restaurant is usually packed and noisy.  It is very popular.  I have had hibachi at a table (cooked in the kitchen) or on the big grill.  The show is not as good as Benihana's.  The food is decent. I have had shrimp, steak and chicken.  The vegetables and rice are OK.  I'm not a fan of the soup and the salad is OK.  I've had better but also much worse.   The service is usually pretty good.  They have valet but cheaper to park on the side streets or metered parking lot.  You need to make reservations or you better plan on waiting.
1	Anyone with a brain will instantly recognize that this place is not about the food AT ALL. It's about its function on the South Side; the Dream House for all the Ken and Barbie types. You will find Pittsburgh guido / yinzer OAFS eagerly paying through the hose for over-priced meat in hopes of wooing one of the many ex-sorority, Louis Vuitton bag hag bar WENCHES. For the poor OAFS who slobber over these WENCHES with their wallets, this watering hole is their surest spot to buy tuna. As for the WENCHES; it is the perfect place to parade the whitest teeth, highest heels, and blondest roots. This restaurant is the pole-dancing embodiment of what your average black and gold bleedin' yinzer believes to be upscale. Case in point, a hand-soap-offering attendant in the men's restroom; truly ridiculous........... just smacks of a naive pretentiousness that only the provincial mind-set of a South Side bar-barian would find 'classy'. I guess I'm not one for 'classy' restaurants anyway; they are always way too tacky.
1	Aside from the Southside ambiance and the bar, there is nothing more here to see than an overtly OVER-priced,  UNDER-quality Japanese fair.  Sushi "chef"s were laughable (being taught as they made my dishes... really? for a 30$ dish???), service was slow, having to remind the waitress over and over for even a glass of water... and the quality of the dishes mediocre.Unless you are offering to spend at least double the amount worthy of the actual value of food and service, I would highly discourage anyone from visiting this establishment.If you are looking for a classy, Japanese restaurant with a bar, I would go to UMI - SOBA on Ellesworth St. in Shadyside.
4	My wife and I have been visited this establishment during the day, and on a Saturday night.  I am not expect on Japanese food, but I like what I had.  I am out of Atlanta, so the prices are great.  Nice place to start a Saturday night out, and nice for a business meal.
4	We've been here a few times. I think it used to be more of a scene a few years ago, but I still think the food is good. It's the same hibachi show you'll get at any of the local places. I'm vegetarian, and some of the chefs really know how to be nice to a vegetarian (cook your food first, before there's meat on the grill), but not all of them. You'll get better service if you go when they're not busy.
3	So it was payday and I decided to treat myself to some overpriced cocktails and sushi.  My wallet was bleeding a little bit after this night but it was worth it because you can observe cougars (literally in animal prints) hunt their prey. Dinner and a show!  OOO and not to mention there was a magician! YES, a magician at Nakama.  Hilarious. As far as magicians go, I guess he was good! It still kills me that Nakama and Max & Ermas have the same entertainment. Service was a bit spotty. The place was packed but we still stay at the bar for 20 minutes sans cocktails. Pro: Busy, Lively, good cocktail list, fresh sushi, good place to start the nightCons: Slow service, pricey, strange amount of bachelorette parties (they has sashes and crowns) Every once in awhile this place can be fun!
4	Great sushi, love going to this place for lunch.
4	I went there with people from work and it was a lot of fun.  We sat at one of the Hibachi's and ate some really good food.  The sushi was also really good and I normally am not a sushi person.I would recommend for a fun evening.
5	Literally my favorite Japanese place ever.  I love sushi, but my boyfriend isn't a huge fan, so I got the Boston roll and he got the steak tips. AMAZING.  We no longer live in the area, but we always visit it when we're in town.
5	Crazy good dinnerYum yum sauce on everything!!Filet mignon love
4	Good fresh sushi. Get the appetizers if you can. We had the seared NY strip, which was delicious and $9.99 for quite a large portion of steak. The crab fritters were pretty good and crab-y if you are in the mood for something fried and not soaking in oil. We didn't do the hibachi, but the sushi was good. The toro jalapeno roll was pretty creative. The food is NOT overpriced for the whole package. Yes it is a bit "uppity" if you mean no one is really wearing their XXL Steelers shirt and the servers and patrons actually care what they look like. It is not a place to get a $5 roll.
3	The food is good. I've  never had the sushi but Ive heard  it's very good. I only gave 3 stars bc the service is AWFUL   The manager is a pompous asshole,  Is annoyed at life And  doesn't care if you have a complaint. Acts like your disrupting his life if you have a concern. I've eaten here and had a few good experiences but I've also has really awful experiences as well and haven't been back
2	Found this place after the wait was too long at Fathead's down the street.It was crowded so we were offered a seat at the sushi bar and handed menu's but then found room at the regular bar and those menu's were higher priced! Ridiculous.It was crowded and loud, why the dance music at sushi place? The food was OK, the shrimp was a solid B, the strip steak was B+ but everything else was just average. The Japanese soup which is usually chicken based was mushroom based, yuck.  The small salad was trenched in too much dressing. The rice was decent, the sauce on the meals was just average. The check arrives with a higher price than the menu's. Turns out fried rice was $3.29 more than white, it would have been nice if the server told us ahead of time! Dinner and a Sapporo beer was $30 for one. Not a good value.
2	over rated, over priced and always crowded.
1	I can't actually comment on the food.  The place looked nice relative to a lot of neighboring establishments and was recommended by our lunch-time server @ Nola (very good Creole) and our concierge.  My low rating comes from the fact that I called twice to make a reservation and no one answered.  After taking a cab from downtown we learned there was a private party and we wouldn't be able to take in the Jersey Shore fist pumping scene (thanks Callan W for the visual).  Simply disappointed in the lack of basic customer service.We ended up down the street at the Pittsburgh Steak Company.  Not sushi but the gorgonzola filet melts in your mouth!!
3	Sushi is great and yummy. Service is really bad, horrible, terrible, poor, ghetto, inappropriate, rude, and all of the above. What's the point of getting reservations if you're waiting for two hours?? Oh and get this, we all ended up seating ourselves by the sushi bar because they took that long to seat us on a proper table. We ordered our own sushi with the sushi chefs WITHOUT a waiter, and went to the bar to get our drinks WITHOUT a waiter. About an hour into dinner, a waiter comes around with napkins, menus, and chopsticks...while we're eating our sushi. We decided, if it takes another hour for our bill to come, we're walking out. Low and behold, a waiter does come with our check hoping to get a tip. YEAH RIGHT. No doubt the sushi is good and the chefs can cook, but remember, its a self-serve kind-of-thing. Just sit at the sushi bar, tip the chef if they never come with your check and just bounce.
3	Great atmosphere and good bar/wine selection.  Sushi was great. Very yuppie and young professionals crowd.  My only complaint comes from the service.  We were seated at a hibachi table and then told unless the majority of us were getting hibachi we would have to sit at the sushi bar. I wouldn't have had a problem with this but the place was not that crowded and my party of 4 ended up spending a lot of money on sushi and drinks so its difficult for me to understand how they wouldn't accommodate us at a table.  Additionally, they forgot my appetizer and made no effort to apologize at the end of the night.Great atmosphere, food and location. Improve your service.
5	This is literally the only place where I will eat shrimp. It's always fresh. Their hibachi is the best in town, no question. I think it's the sauces that really put them over the edge!The service has always been friendly and accommodating. Atmosphere is cozy and fun. Even when your chef isn't there yet, you can watch all the other tables.Oh, and if you look up, you'll see the dozens of playing cards stuck to the ceiling from a local magician's tricks. :)
2	Sushi is inconsistent. I've had bad sushi here several times. Habachi is very good, but on the pricier side
2	5 people. No booze. $200. Was the food remarkable? No. Was it acceptable? Yes. Was it difficult to see in the low-light ambiance? Yes. Are there alternatives? Certainly. Do I think this place is a bit over rated? Sorta, kinda, yes.
3	Went on a Monday at 8PM and the restaurant and Hibachi wasn't very crowded.  Monday also gives you $7 off the steak/chicken/shrimp dinner; which is a good deal.  I decided to try the restaurant again and my opinion stayed the same.  Onion soup is watery and not very good.  The salad dressing is not as good as other similar places.  The show is nothing special.  If you go to their website you can get a free appetizer coupon but you can't use with the daily special.  No valet on Mondays but many meters are on Carson St.
5	Love this place - good food decent price! Great times!
5	I'm really at a loss for what to say. Nakama has long been one of my favorite restaurants. This has been a favorite destination for birthdays and other special occasions. I went here for lunch on my wedding day! So when I moved recently, it's been a quest to get back there again. And then today happened...     I went today, expecting a pleasant and entertaining experience. Unfortunately, I didn't get what I was expecting. I went there, expecting the full knife-tossing, food-flaming experience. Instead, I got a cook who cooked out food with his head down, barely daring to even speak with us. Half of the table's food was finished cooking before he even started the other half, leaving my friends to make the decision to eat before us or wait till their food was cold. I kept waiting for him to set our meal aflame. It's my absolute favorite thing about hibachi restaurants. But it never happened. He finished cooking in silence, cleaned the cooktop, and left.     Now, I don't want to be entirely negative. The food WAS as delicious as I expected. Out waitress was very friendly and attentive. When one friend ordered the Nakama Panda (drink) and they were out of panda mugs, she provided us with a Lucky Cat mug instead.     This experience has left a bad taste in my mouth, but I sincerely hope and expect it to be better next time I go back. And I will. One less-than-expected trip will not spoil this fantastic restaurant for me!
3	Have been here a few times when in town for work.  The place is a bit of meat market at times, but very entertaining.  It reminds me a lot of Ra Sushi.  I have only had the sushi and rolls, but the portions are enormous.  The quality is decent as well.  Drinks are okay, but I would skip any of the specialty cocktails.  Go with the sake bombs (sapporo and saki).  Late night is fun, as this is a place to be seen.
5	If you are going to attempt to dine here on the weekend, make a reservation. I recommend Luke as your chef. He is very entertaining and his food is the best. I have never had a bad experience here with food or service. My girls, who are 9 and 8, are big fans of Nakama.
2	The fascination with Nakama has always left me confused. I'm not a huge hibachi fan, so my gripes truly rest with the sushi. As far as sushi goes, Nakama simply doesn't deserve the praise that it gets. Granted, when they first opened, the food was decent, but even back then it was never a truly great sushi place.Now, if you like your sushi over-saturated in sauces, then you might enjoy it, but all too often, the rolls are soggy, poorly rolled, and the fish quality isn't as good as you'd expect if you were judging the restaurant from the outside. Blame it on the pace with which the chefs have to prepare it...blame it on them hiring inexperienced sushi chefs. Whatever it is, it's just not up to par with some of the other sushi places in Pittsburgh. In fact, the sushi at the Tokyo Buffet on McKnight is just as good...AND THAT'S A BUFFET!Regardless, it's always packed, and I'm a huge fan of seeing businesses succeed in town, but Nakama is truly a place that's gained too much from its trendy status. Unfortunately, I'm all about the food, so after you enjoy a good martini and enjoy the little hibachi show, what you're left with is the reality that the food is second priority to those other two parts.The hibachi is fine, but it's nothing special...of course, when is hibachi ever truly a special experience, taste-wise? It's just a buttery fried rice fest in your mouth. The best hibachi I've ever had at Nakama was the ahi tuna...the cut of fish was actually fresher than sashimi that I've ordered there, and keeping it seared, but rare in the middle kept it from drying out. Or maybe that was just the butter...either way, it's by far the one thing that I've walked away with good feelings about.The sashimi cuts that I've had have rarely satisfied. Fresh fish shouldn't taste so fishy, and for what you pay, they should be serving up better cuts. The sushi menu is interesting enough that you'll be able to find what you're looking for, but it's truly a hit-or-miss experience when the sushi hits your taste buds.Overall, Nakama is the hot spot where you meet your friends before hitting the clubs and make random friends over some happy hour drinks, but if you're looking for a quality meal, I'd enjoy the drinks and move on to any number of better restaurants nearby.
3	I sat at the sushi bar, which has a great atmosphere.  The sushi rolls were tasty, and there was a fairly large selection. Overall, Nakama was good.  It's definitely one of the better sushi places in Pittsburgh, but it also definitely lacks the charm of a restaurant that I would call one of my favorites.Nakama gets very crowded Thursday - Saturday nights, so get there early if you don't want to wait an hour or more for a seat.
4	Had sushi and sashimi for lunch this week. Very generous portions and fresh. Have recently been to Tamari and Yamato and this was the best, with Tamari a close second.Only issue was seating. We wanted a table for a meeting, but had to sit at the sushi bar because tables are limited.
4	I love to eat here during the day, but never on crowded nights or weekends when you don't get any service. The stars are for the sushi chefs of course and their attention to their customers. The waiters still suck.
2	Not a fan of this place at all. I thought the food was O.K. and the service was horrible. We sat all the way in the corner behind the bar..it was so loud, service took forever, she didn't bring lemons with my water after I specifically asked for them, which I can't stand..why do they do that? What is so hard about bringing me a lemon with my water? They only offer white rice with their sushi which to me, kills the entire experience. The tofu in the miso soup was hard..we didn't even eat it. I thought this place was awful. Awful! On a side note, the salmon was $6 for 2 pieces of sushi. Really? Did the person running this restaurant think that there was a salmon shortage, that it was a rare species? Who do they think they are charging that much? Is it salmon laced with koala? BC THEN you could possibly charge $6 for it and that would make sense.
4	Great sushi and hibachi. Very busy, reservation a must on weekends.
4	Much like Geisha House in LA, Nakama is all about the "pizazz."I remember when this place used to be a RITE AID, and now it has a massive coy fish on the front of it. I'm not going to diss Nakama, because I actually really like Nakama. I've gone here on many different occasions: for family and friend gatherings, work-related lunches, or just for drinks. This was where I first learned how to properly use chopsticks. It definitely gets a lot of hype, and sometimes you can't even get a seat, but that's because the hibachi is so damn good. They have this creamy sauce that is out of this world, I know several people who order extra just to take home. The whole experience is nice, really. The sushi is better than average and the hibachi is great, too, but I usually go with anything "surf n' surf" (all seafood). The scallops are some of the best around, but a bit on the small side, if I remember correctly. Very good with the cream sauce I mentioned. Don't know what it is, but there's a reason why they keep it a secret. The service is a number one priority, at least from my experiences. Don't go for the hibachi if you're not in the mood to sit with other people, unless you have a large group. I took my folks once, and I don't think they were totally into it, but it's nice for younger people or a party.
4	Been hearing about this place and love my sushi, so finally indulged myself.  It's a Friday evening about 6pm and the place is hopping with people and their energy (and noise level).  However, since I'm going solo tonight I have no problem finding a place at the sushi bar.  I'm tended to promptly and pleasantly by my server who helps me determine which tuna I would prefer for my sushi selection and lets me know it is very fresh tonight.  I end up with eel, salmon, and tuna plus a salad with ginger dressing and a glass of plum wine.  My server checks on me, the sushi chef at the sushi bar serves me my sushi and it is a nice portion and tastes very fresh and just the right serving temperature.  I'm a happy camper as I do love my sushi.The price is in line with any sushi restaurant.  I spent about $32.00 plus tip for 6 pieces of sushi, a salad, and a glass of wine.They do have the hibachi tables and usual fare and fanfare that goes with it.Plusses:  No TV in the sushi bar and no salt and pepper shakers alongside the soy sauces.  :-)  Been seeing that a lot lately so was glad it wasn't the case here.The only down side is the volume level of noise which I would attribute to poor acoustics, perhaps?  Not a problem for me dining alone but if I was with someone and wanted to carry on a conversation, I think there would have been a lot of "Huh?  What'd you say?;s".  I'd definitely come here again.
3	Went out with a group of friends, had a great time.....food was good, a little too salty for my taste but no real complaints. I will say, after having hibachi many times....the meat was NOT overlooked!!!! Had the Butcher's choice, strip and chicken were proper temps, tender and juicy....Miso soup was tasty, salad over dressed....my appetizer was the lettuce wraps, way too salty. Would go back but definately not a 1st choice in the 'burgh.
2	Nakama is one of those places that pleases the masses. Go during happy hour, and you won't be able to hear the person next to you. The cocktail list is big and enticing, but the drinks aren't anything to write home about. Sushi is relatively good, albeit moderately overpriced. This is the type of place you go for the atmosphere, not the amazing food.
2	I used to frequent Nakama constantly, but the past few times I went the service was horrendous. The most recent time was the worst I have ever seen. A friend & I decided to sit at the bar & not only was the bartender rude, she acted as if we didn't exist! It took her 15 minutes to even look at us to take our order, then when it was finally ready we watched as she chatted with her friends rather than take it over to us. Nakama isn't THAT great, so when the service is bad.. Theres no point in going, I'll be going to Lil Tokyo next time I get a sushi/hibachi craving!
4	I've had pretty good sushi in the NY / NJ area and this would definitely be a place we'd go on the regular, so for the people of Pittsburgh PA, you guys deff have good sushi in town. Not only was the sushi good, but a great selection of beers, and a cool sports bar feel. Really hip, not something I expected in Pitt, very NYC like. My one comment would be on a Sunday during Football Season, nobody want's to see pirate baseball on tv, especially regular season baseball.
3	GREAT  food  and really high prices  so it is good but i dont think it is worth it i felt like all you are paying for is their obviously high rent due to the "trendy" locationi'll go back but not often
2	Disclaimer: This is review is for the SUSHI BAR ONLY Went here last Saturday and stopped in for a quick bite at the sushi bar, mainly to try it out because I've heard so many good things about Nakama. To be honest, my experience was exactly like the two star Yelp rating means: Meh. I've experienced better.Two of the 4 rolls I ordered were loosely made which as a sushi lover I found to be kinda unacceptable. One had an end piece that frankly would have gotten the sushi chef a failing grade by anyone's standards - it was falling apart and had nothing but rice and paper on it despite this being a fairly pricey signature roll. One of my sushi pieces was similarly falling apart - the rice hadn't been packed enough and the salmon was just slapped on there. I would even have sent those back if I could have found a waitress or been able to hear myself think. They were just too crowded to give the proper amount of love to each dish, and as you know, a dish prepared without love is bound to be lacking.The noise and my seat in relation to the crowded door area just made me want to get out of there. I was bumped several times by people weaving their way past each other, at one point someone bumped my elbow as I was raising a cup of hot sake. Hmm ... a splash of hot sake? ... let's say it's not my favorite sensation in the crotch area.Anyway, the staff was friendly when you were able to flag someone down and I am sure everyone was doing their best, but think this place is highly overrated - making it over crowded - making the whole experience that much less enjoyable for everyone.Hope your experience is better than mine - the place should have been better from what I've been told by Nakama fans. Good luck!!
4	Good hibachi for Pitt.  Good tasty food, large portions and trendy environment.  I would recommended for group dinners, business travel dinners and Happy Hour.  Enjoy!
2	Couldn't help but feel as though i was watching an episode of jersey shore as the bartender brought out sushi to her friends first, even though they ordered well after us. It was also brought out to only one part of our 3 person party at a time. We couldn't even eat together. It also took over ten minutes and two bartenders to make one glass of water....on a slow sunday afternoon, mind you Not a good sign.  Luckily the sushi is of good/great quality.
4	Great sushi.  Excellent drinks.  The bartenders are great and very friendly.  Sometimes it gets a bit crowded, but what great place doesn't?   Valet parking guys smoked in my car however, so I knocked them a star.
3	Food is not so good here .. But good for meeting up with friends Too have drinks and a lil sushi yum I love sushi lol..
1	So a group of us decided to go to Nakama for dinner and my birthday. I don't know about them but my experience was not that impressive. I'm probably going to go ahead and split this up into sections.Hostess: Before we arrived we had called to see if they had availability for 6 guests. Luckily for us they did. When we arrived we ultimately ended up sitting at the bar and I went back to let the hostess know that we didn't need the table anymore. Most hostesses I know would be more than happy to move onto the next guests waiting for a table but this hostess made sure we were ok and double checked if we really wanted to give up our table. I appreciated the gesture.Cocktail Server: Since we decided to eat in the bar we grabbed a high top table along the window. Unfortunately this table only fit 2 guests at a time while one guests stood. We decided to make due whilst we waited for 6 seats to open up at the bar. The cocktail server made her way over to the table and we ordered soups and salads and a few plates of sushi. Service wasn't too bad with her and I can honestly say she did a great job considering how busy she was.Bartender (Asian Guy) Before we ordered food from our server we tried to get the attention of the bartender. His attitude was pretty shitty for the most part. He honestly acted like he didn't really give a shit. And for me I take notice of everythingSince happy hour had not ended we wanted to take advantage of the $5 martinis. I ordered a Mango Tango which tasted more like fruit punch and vodka. I was a less than impressed plus he charged me the full price of 9 or 10 bucks. Learn your happy hour deals dude! After the "martini" we decided to order a bottle of champagne from d check this I'm pretty sure we were the only ones in the entire establishment to order champagne.and honly had 1 champagne flute for a group of 6. One champagne flute and 5 water glasses. Are you for real? This is the epitome of ghetto. Working in the industry if you need 6 flutes you better pull 6 flutes out of your ass. Bartender (Mark) made nakama worth going back to for his company and that's it
5	I had the best experience at Nakama tonight. I am lactose intolerant and told the waitress, the amount of attention I got and the effort the staff went though to make my meal lactose free was amazing! The staff was so friendly, food was amazing and our waitress Jess was great! We also got to meet the owners an they are the nicest people. My friends and I come here once a month and always have a great experience! I recommend this restaurant to anyone that enjoys a friendly atmosphere and delicious food!
3	Well... this place has lost it's luster for me. Everything that used to taste high quality and fresh tastes just okay now. The sushi isn't that great anymore. The habachi just isn't the same.What happened? Did I change? Did this place change? I think it's a little of both. Maybe I can compare it to a relationship. Yes, that's it. Things were awesome at first. We were in love and everything was just perfect. The sushi was fantastic and fresh. The habachi was so delicious I wanted to lick my plate.Then over time things started to deteriorate. The sushi didn't taste like my beloved Penn Ave Fish, my new amore. The habachi was missing something. Did the soup recipe change? Not as much flavor. Did the portions get smaller. Where did my sprouts go?! Things started to head south...The last straw was the whole atmosphere or Club Nakama we'll call it. The music is pulsating techno. The crowd is judge-y. The service is lacking. And the food, it's nothing special. Sad, because what once was, is no more:(It's time to break-up. We had a good run. We may run into each other once in a while and be friendly, but for now, it's time we take a break. Might be for good this time. You never know....
4	Better than Bennihanna and Shogun. A little more expensive but less filler and more protein. The Filet & Shrimp combo was perfect. Our server Rae was prompt and very mindful. 4 1/2 stars
4	Great place to eat!  Great Wine selection, had the 1997 Cake Bread Cabernet.  I would highly recommend this place if you want great food and great vibe.
4	I love sushi. So much. I recently moved from Boston, eating awesome sushi once a week, to middle of nowhere PA...with no sushi. When we stayed in the city for a night, we were ready for any sushi we could find. We really enjoyed the sushi at Nakama. Was it because we were so deprived? Maybe. Have I had better? Yes. Did I try the hibachi? No. So take from this review what you will. I don't know what it says for the food, but the most memorable part of my experience here was the martini. The waitress suggested the strawberry citrus-tini, so I tried it out. I don't like tart drinks, which this was. But the rim was coated, not just in sugar, but I swear it was the blue kool-aid mix from my childhood. I will return just for that drink.
4	Best in pittsburgh.
3	If you're into the whole hibachi thing and the whole doing copious amounts of sake bombs thing, Nakama can definitely be fun. But I feel like I'm kind of burned out on hibachi since you're basically paying out the ass for "the experience." I have been to a couple birthday parties here and had a good time, though.As far as the sushi bar goes, this is one of the better sushi places in Pittsburgh. The fish is pretty fresh. But I feel like it's way overpriced if you just want to come here for sushi rather than hibachi. Nakama is in no way trying to be authentic--they have a large list of special rolls and most of them contain cream cheese or crabstick (two things I dislike, which limits my options here). My favorite thing I've had here is the salmon sashimi with avocado, cucumber, wasabi tobiko, and ponzu sauce, which I tried on a recent lunch visit.Unfortunately, once night falls the atmosphere straight-up sucks. This is the hot spot for guidos to pregame before they head to Diesel or wherever else those people hang out. The drinks are what you would expect--boring, but fruity and easy to drink. Like I said, you can have an amazing time here if you bring your whole crew and are looking to get tipsy. But if you're not in the mood for a trashy night out, stay far away!
3	I like hibachi but I forgot how expensive the fancy stuff were. With that in mind and my budget, I decided to get an assortment of sushi rolls and a signature cocktail. The sushi and coconut shrimp were great, but the cocktail was just a tease. It honestly tasted like juice. Maybe the light up ice cube was placed to detract you from the lack of alcohol.
1	Overpriced Low-Grade SushiThe sushi at this place sucks and is extremely overpriced.  I have tried at least 10 different rolls on their menu through out the times that I have been there.  The sushi is poorly rolled and falls apart. The fish and ingredients that they use are not fresh. The service is OK.The hibachi is also overpriced as well. The chefs are similar to what you will get any hibachi place.Also, if you sit in the bar area be prepared to deal with a bunch of yinzer wanna be NYC trendies listening to techno bumping into you while you are trying to eat your food. The only reason this place stays in business is due to the trendy bar scene and the lack of sushi places in the Pittsburgh area.  However, I think if a restaurant/bar similar to nobu, sushi samba, or RA sushi opened up in Pittsburgh it would blow this place out of the water.
4	Note: for sushi bar. Did not go for Hibachi (because I've had enough of Benihana and it seemed really pricey). Wait was also nonexistent for sushi at the bar. Another disclaimer: I'm used to California sushi restaurants & chains (Japanese friends would have MUCH higher standards) and I haven't had good sushi since I've moved out to DC.Friend & I shared: Pittsburgh Penguins Roll (when in Pittsburgh...), Spicy Squid Salad, Salmon Ceviche (cannot find on online menu), and Philadelphia roll (because somehow my friend has NEVER had it?)Everything was really good! I especially liked the spicy squid salad and the salmon ceviche- the latter had pretty thick pieces of salmon but was so nicely presented that I didn't really mind at all (the same cannot be said for everyone.) Overall: good, solid Japanese restaurant. Would go again.
5	Nikki was our waitress.  She worked so hard all night, not only for us, but for everyone in our section. Did a wonderful job for us considering we needed a new drink every five minutes!  She consistently asks if everyone is happy, which makes the dinner so much easier to enjoy.  Our chef was wonderful and cooked everything to perfection, along with asking the specifics when it came to little things we enjoyed about the meal.Our valet service was also very personable and they made sure to open the door both times for my girl.  Really appreciate that.  I'll be coming here for years more.
1	The food here is soooooooo FUCKN GROSS NOW!!! Don't eat here... The chef SUCKX
5	A wonderful sushi joint, which hosts the best appetizer ever (the tuna and avocado). If you're looking for a one of a kind sushi experience definitely visit.
3	The 3 stars is strictly for the Laura the bartender and the daytime atmosphere, not the food.I've been to Nakama a handful of times, though only once was it specifically for food. The rest of the time it was for a few drinks or some sake because it was a nice day out and I like sitting near their windows. I've never ordered a specialty drink, only beer and sake. Tip: if you go and like sake, get the Crazy Milk and check out the bottle for a few lulz.We've ordered food twice, I believe, one time being referenced above when it was a full meal and the order was just some sushi for tapas-style appetizers. Neither time has the food impressed me. In fact, it's probably the worst sushi I have ever had. My boyfriend ordered a spicy tuna roll and the tuna looked like baby food, as if someone had chewed it up and spit it back out - no lie. It was disgusting, but he powered through most of it as he was starving. They also managed to mess up fried rice, completely annihilating the veggies for some reason. The sushi rolls I've ordered have ranged from "eh" to "gross."I can't give this place less than 3 stars, though, because every time I've gone I've had a really great time. I guess I would break down my review like this: Food - 1 star, Atmosphere - 4 stars, Service - 4 stars.
5	Some of the best sushi I've ever had....and I come from the East Coast.  Unreal toro, have some of it's available.
4	I recently went to Nakama for the first time for a first date - many firsts that night. Starting with the bad: We made dinner reservation for 7:15 and were a few minutes late. We were told that we lost our spot and had the choices to either wait a half hour to 45 minutes, sit at the sushi bar, or just order food at a table without the hibachi experience. We opted to get a drink at the bar  and wait it out. This was a Wednesday evening and the place was packed. No seats available at first so we checked out the drink menu and finally we got a couple of chairs. The drinks were decent - I'm a lightweight so they were good for me. It worked out that we waited for the hibachi because we were able to be squeezed in within ten minutes.  I got Hibachi Seasame Chicken and my date got Nakama Tuna Steak. He also ordered sushi but our waiter had forgotten to bring it- It was really no problem because the portion sizes are pretty big and we probably couldn't have ate the sushi anyways. I have no complaints about my chicken - It definitely exceeded my expectations based on the other reviews I have seen for it. My date goes there on the regular and so his Tuna Steak obviously has his coming back for more. The Onion Soup was by far one of the better Japanese soups I have had. It has a kick to it that I haven't tasted anywhere else. Our hibachi chef was wonderful. He was entertaining, easy to talk to and was really good at his job. He even let us all try a little fried rice. I always have had reservations about Nakama because I thought it was an overexposed restaurant that jacked its prices up because of its trendy reputation. I really enjoyed my time there. It was clean and had a lot of energy. I'll be back again.
3	This is your typical hibachi place.The Spider roll was a lot of imitation crab meat, but it was very nicely rolled and presented well. It was a slightly crunchy soft shell crab.We shared a triple combo and the chef was confused? / annoyed? that we were sharing...but we were glad we did in the end...between the two of us, we STILL had food left over.Started us each out with a bowl of miso soup, and it had fried onions and mushrooms in it, which was different, and appreciated.The salad was good with a yummy sauce and mixed greens, carrots and tomatoes. On the better side of the salads I've had like this.Our combo had steak, shrimp, and chicken...and it was just... a TON of rice and a tonnn of veggies. It was delicious, but as usual it was on the saltier side. That is hibachi for you, though. Pretty good.Our server didn't really put on a show. Not sure if he knew English that well. He did all the demos, but didn't interact with us too much as I've been used to in the past.
4	Went for lunch with my friend. We sat at the Hibachi table and had the best time. We come here regularly but today was exceptionally awesome because of our chef's upbeat personality and witty jokes the whole time. Our chef, Luke, was entertaining as well as cooked everything perfectly. Would request his table again in the future. Also ordered a Philly roll, which are always delicious here. The veggie egg roll we got was actually pretty disgusting. It was so oily and tasted bitter. I told the waitress and she gladly removed from my bill. Other than that, lunch was great.
4	Excellent food, excellent service. The Signature long rolls were delicious and the Nigiri cut was thick and satisfying.The service was prompt and accurate, despite some complicated orders. Highly recommended
1	Don't go here if you are gluten free. Our server was pretty clueless and they couldn't prepare gf sushi. My food was cooked in the back, came out cold and I had half of what everyone else had. Had a reaction to my food. Def got glutened.Also had to ask several times for water. My friend got the complete wrong sushi order. Not a great time at all.
2	I don't get the attraction to this place. Maybe it's just because it's in the South Side and offers easy group dining.  My husband and I had a gift card and ate there saturday and we decided to sit at a small table in the bar area. Our spicy chicken appetizer was good  but nothing spectacular. Our meals were ok. Fried rice seemed bulk and not freshly made.  Their shrimp sauce was also not great.  Our drinks were really good and the service was really good. There are many other hibachi places I would choose over Nakama.
5	Great for a birthday celebration. Great server and excellent cook! Had so much fun  and food was amazing. Had the veggie option and everything was cooked to perfection.
3	Now lets start with I Love the Food here that gets Five Stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So lets get to the reason I did not give complete five stars. We (myself and about 5 other people) made reservations here for Valentines Day, our reservation was for 6 p.m. We did not get seated until 7:55 p.m. (we were all on time).  Then to make matters worse before we were finished with our food the waiter is bringing us boxes (rushing us out).
5	This place is awesome. Enough said. Food AWESOME service is pretty good too. Only recommendation is be careful of when you come. If you are trying to have a "nice romantic" dinner friday/saturday night probably isn't the best time. It is packed full and you can't even hear yourself think but other times is pretty reasonable.
4	I like the food, I do think ther
4	I love this place, i wouldn't call this real sushi, but its still really good!
5	Wonderful as always.  While very expensive, the food was delicious, the hibachi entertaining, and the ambiance appealing.  The sushi is some of the best I've ever had anywhere.  I would definitely eat here again!
3	Wife and I went on NYE. I got the blue crab and red dragon rolls. They were decent, but something was missing.  This is especially true with the blue crab roll. My wife got the shrimp hibachi and said it was equal to Little Tokyo and Benihanna. The service was okay, but they did put an extra chair on our table which made it a little cramped. It gets a 3 and not a 3.5 because the bathroom had an attendant.  Not only that, but he had pictures of scantily clad overweight women sitting above the urinal. Dafuq?
2	Very busy at lunch.  Almost like they weren't ready for a Friday lunch.  Slow service, mediocre food.  I think I will skip this place the next time I am in town...
2	I've always had a negative view of this place considering I hold sushi places in high regards due to their emphasis of quality and spirituality in their food. Nakama somehow won best Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh of 2013, so I had to check this place after all. They took the characteristics of a club that I can't stand (lighting, dodgy host, bad cologne) and put it in a Japanese steak house. It's as much of a Japanese steak house as McDonalds is considered a burger joint. However, the food has yet to come.Being that 90% of sushi is the rice...Nakama's rice had the right moisture and texture, but no seasoning at all, leaving whatever their sushi/roll at the mercy of the product itself. The crab maki is god awful and I have no idea why it's sold in any acclaimed sushi place to begin with, it was just so salty and pronounced in their CA roll (came with the platter). In their sashimi platter, 5 out of 8 of the were extremely tough, leaving the ligaments as the extra chew for me to deal with...I give this fault to the fish monger.  In short, if you're going on a date and you plan on getting laid through sushi using an overwhelming environment, contemporary sushi rolls that have nothing to do with Japanese culture, and using the cocktail selection to cover up the most likely undesirable after taste of the crab roll you ordered because of its sweet name...then yes, by all means take her/him to here.
3	We were there for lunch today and it was ok.  We probably won't go there again though.  The food was average.  The cleanliness was below average.  We ate at the hibachi table and even though there were 8 seats at the table, the hostess sat my hubby and I right up next to the only other couple at the table.  I assumed she was planning on filling up the whole table but once that didn't happen, I felt rude to move.  No big deal really.  They brought out water, soup, and salad and I heard the guy at our table say there was a hair sticking out of his water glass.  The cooktop had plenty of small pieces of food from the people before us but I figured the chef would clean it better before he cooked.  Well, he did wipe the very center but the old food remained.  I really tried to not watch after that.  The food was average.  We didn't have chopsticks at our table which was disappointing.  I'm sure they had them somewhere and I didn't ask so that's my own fault.  I just expect them to be on the table at Japanese restaurants.  Lunch prices were good.  Ill probably stick to my favorites though...Pho Van in the Strip and Mekong in Dormont.
3	Hmm...rarely do I return and reduce my rating....never actually. But, this time, I have no choice. The sushi was still good (again, for the area and what we have available to us) and we tried some of our friend's hibachi and the steak was really good - hence the reason I'll still give three stars. This time, I ordered my beloved strawberry citrus-tini martini. While the drink itself was the same, the rim didn't have the same amazing blue sugar. And....there was some sort of hair or something of some sort in my drink...that I discovered AFTER drinking some of the drink. I'm still grossed out by it. Can I, will I return? I'm not so sure.
4	Huge sushi rolls which were a little hard to pick up with chopsticks without them falling apart. Interesting combos of contemporary ingredients. We had the spider roll which came with huge pieces of crispy fried soft shell crab. Hamachi and jalapeno roll was good too. I can't remember the other two rolls we had but all the fish tasted fresh. We didn't order hibachi but it (the hibachi) looked kind of weak compared to other places I've been, not much of a show, no interaction between chef and guests, etc. Mostly just the chef tapping the spatula, no flipping, tossing, no onion volcano! Glad we just stuck with the sushi.
3	Over rated, the sushi isn't as good as it used to be and it's pricey. I used to go a lot, the last few times I went, experienced some of the worse service I've ever had, and I'm in the industry, you gotta be REALLY shitty and mean for me to say that :(
4	Atmosphere is nice.  Made reservations right from the app and we went straight to our table.  We had a new waitress, but she wasn't bad.  We ordered and our sushi was out in probably 10 min!  Very fast for the amount we ordered.  The presentation and taste were both excellent.  All around a good sushi/hibachi
5	Cherry blossom sushi roll. Need I say anymore?! Well besides the edamame with Siracha and miso soup.. I just can't get enough sushi from the place. I have no complaints about the hibachi but I find myself at nakama strictly for my cherry blossom roll. Mmm. Sushi. Oh and sake bombs. God bless the sake bombs...
3	I love me some sushi, and the dragon roll (sans cream cheese) was great, but im pretty sure it wasnt supposed to be in a soy wrap as our other roll was (salmon & spicy tuna, something). We also ordered sashimi which was great but sushi guy with the green eyes, why do you look at me like I'm stupid when I say "my miso soup is cold."  It was super busy, so sitting at the sushi bar with the door constantly swinging open and the freezing air flowing in and out was pretty annoying, and the hip hop on someones ipod was kinda random, but overall it was just ok.
2	Trendy ambiance, fresh sushi, but the worst hibachi I've ever had.First with my sushi review: I have been here multiple times for sushi and liked the bar set up and thought the sushi tasted fresh and the service was quick. Good for happy hours (especially Thursday specials) or dates. However I don't like how if you only want to order sushi you have to sit at the bar. It makes it impossible to go there as a group or you end up waiting forever if there aren't enough seats in the bar area.. when the entire back room could be open. The reason for my 2-star review is the hibachi, something that is pretty standardized among restaurants, but Nakama didn't have any of it right the time I went. The miso soup tasted like the packet cup of soup you buy in college. I ordered the shrimp and it turned out tough and rubbery. I also tried some of my friend's steak, which was also well done and dry. The hibachi chef didn't even ask how she wanted it to be cooked. Also, even though it's similarly priced to other hibachi restaurants, you have to up charge for fried rice and don't even have the option of noodles.Bottomline: go to Nakama in small groups for sushi but stay away from the Hibachi
2	A group of four of us went to dinner before a show in the south side. We alerted our server to our time window and she said no problem. Our servers attentiveness was minimal and we didn't require a lot. Our meals were okay but nothing special. When the bills came our prices were different than on the menu and when we asked our server about it she told us that we each had a $3.50 up charge for ordering fried rice rather than the white rice the meals came with. Our server never mentioned the up charge and she asked us which type of rice we would prefer! She was very rude about it in the end and never apologized or anything. We will spend our money elsewhere when we go to the next show.
2	Over rated.  In most cases you get what you pay for except here, you pay more for average at best sushi.  The waitress had a terrible attitude and a face to match.  Yokoso is shitting on this place.  Not to mention have fun trying to find a decent parking spot on the southside.
2	Never coming back :( I've given this place so many chances. I remember years ago when the sushi and service was great, now the only good thing about it here is there hot food. If you go here, they have very tasty lunch entrees, that's it, and be ready for iffy service. I went last week and sat at the bar in clear view of the bartender who was too busy playing on his phone to greet me. I got a sashimi platter and boston roll. I ate two pieces of sashimi, the second bite I had to spit into a napkin, I couldn't bring myself to swallow it. The boston roll was okay, but not very cool. Even the sashimi was above room temp and very fishy and just bad. I'm a service industry employee myself, you have to be pretty shitty for me to give a bad review....it was that bad, sorry bout it :(
2	Nakama tries to be very trendy, but I have experienced much better sushi for a better price.  Still, the sushi is better than many people claim.  I had very good service here.  And there is some great people watching.  But we have much better choices for Japanese food in Pittsburgh.
3	The hanalei roll is my favorite sushi roll anywhere ever. Sushi is always fresh. Hibachi  is average. I don't get why people like the atmosphere. I like going here only when it's not very busy.
2	I think that this was closer to a 3 start restaurant but given the amount my father spent I can't give it 3 stars.  I booked this place for 6 adults and 2 kids because I thought the kids would really enjoy the experience.  We were in town celebrating my 40th birthday.  It is extremely loud which I expected, but didnt help the experience.  While our chef was nice enough, he didnt provide the "show" that you are also paying for and I feel the kids didnt get the full experience.  The food was good...however 2 of us ordered our filet medium and it was way overcooked.  Overall, it was a decent meal but I dont think we would return.
1	Avoid the hibachi and save yourself from the rest of the night on the toliet! Had the hibachi sesame chicken, my husband had the hibachi steak. First course onion soup was super salty, tasted like it was hot water with beef ramen seasoning. Salad was decent enough. Veggies served first then meat. Bland- nothing special. Certainly not worth $50. They also serve this nasty "shrimp sauce" which is basically thousand island dressing. I was worried about the food safety on the hibachi "chef's" cart. Kinda grimey-lookin.  Worst part was that later that night, both of us got sick from eating there. I'm talking sick like from the movie Bridesmaids.  It was bad. Spend your money elsewhere.
4	After an afternoon Pirates game, 3 of us sat up at the sushi bar and ordered fairly common sushi and sashimi. It was fresh and tasty. We also ordered a bowl of chicken fried rice that my husband claimed was the best he had ever had ( I think they cooked it with a LOT of butter). We watched the sushi chefs prepare way more interesting looking dishes while we waited for our food and enjoyed the atmosphere. Our waitress, Lauren, was a giant bag. That is my only complaint.  Not sure if we were just really luck to get the 3 seats as we walked in or what??  There was a constant line up in the waiting area so maybe we were lucky.
2	Sushi was average. I ate at the bar & the service was poor..very rushed; non attentive..had 2 ask for utensils 3x to 3 different staff, had to ask for soy dish..and no meal follow-up.
1	Service was terrible and will not be returning.  Bad experience
4	Sat at one of the tables by the window.... I had the cucumber salad, shrimp egg rolls and ahi tuna... All were very delicious! Nice portion of the cucumber salad and the egg rolls were so crispy and the sauce was so yummy!  I'm new to ahi tuna and it was just what I was expecting, I left very happy :) my boyfriend had the shrimp hibachi he cleared the whole plate and not to mention it's really nice you can order hibachi at one of the tables in the front. Our server was nice and she really made sure we had a great time! Can't wait to go back again
3	I've been to Nakama three times in the last four years, and I have to say I've had some mixed experiences from visit to visit. Nothing outright horrendous, but I've never had a perfect meal here, either.During my first visit a family member and I sat in the window and enjoyed a quiet meal on a Saturday afternoon. My only complaint then was that there were no indications about just how big each order of sushi on the menu was; as a result we ended up putting in a second round of orders to fill up our stomachs, because round one was pretty light. (This problem still exists - they don't specify how many rolls you get next to every item or even in the section header. My orders have definitely ranged in size over the years and it's really hard for me to judge how big their rolls are without images or numbering. Special rolls in particular are rarely the same size as regular rolls since they have special ingredients.)At dinner during my second visit I couldn't hear anyone in my dinner group over the grills, voices and music. The food was ok but the main thing I remember about the evening is leaving with a headache from the noise. And my third and most recent visit, while mostly good, still wasn't quite spot on. On the plus side, presumably since it was a Monday evening it was relatively quiet and there was no loud or obnoxious music being blasted throughout the place. The chef making our dinner was very nice, he let his technique wow us and do most of the talking for him, and he occasionally engaged in polite conversation with us. I loved watching and listening to this gentleman and he was a huge improvement over the flirtatious comedic wannabe I dealt with at the last hibachi place I went to, which will remain nameless. The drink I ordered was delicious and based on the samplings I had from my family's meals, the hibachi orders were perfect - the meat was tender and juicy and everything was seasoned for flavoring and cooked just the way everyone wanted them. But like I said, the meal wasn't spot on. My sushi, the Hawaiian roll, was ok, although I wish there had been more tempura evenly distributed throughout it. Our waitress actually messed up part of my order - I got a plate of salmon roll instead of the salmon cake, but I had waited long enough for my food while watching my family's hibachi being made that I didn't feel like complaining about it and sending it back. (On that note, if you come as a group, know that hibachi and normal orders never arrive anywhere near the same time. Order appetizers if you don't want to sit at the table drooling as your friends or family's dinner cooks in front of you.)I've definitely never had an outright bad experience at Nakama and the food has always been tasty enough, particularly the hibachi - but honestly I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here and it'll probably be another year or two before I stop by again. And while Nakama hasn't completely and utterly disappointed me, it just haven't "wowed" me yet, either.
5	This review is only for the sushi bar!The first time I was here, the sushi tasted AMAZING! The Baked Alaska Roll was topped with salmon that had a smoky taste, which gave the roll an extra kick. I've came back twice to get the same roll, but it no longer had the smoky taste...perhaps it was by accident that the first time tasted so perfect!I've also had the Boston Roll, Hanalei Roll, Pittsburgh Penguin Roll, and probably a couple more.. don't remember. They consistently have a good balance of ingredients and sauce. Presentation was great. Last time, I had my rolls spread out on the plate in the shape of a giant flower heheService was always fine, never have to wait too long for the dishes. I always come here if I'm in the area.. even if I've already had dinner, just to get a sushi roll to-go!
1	Ugh this place is so overrated! It's cool that they cook in front of you and everything but the quality of the food is not great!!! I've been here twice for friends birthday dinners and I don't know why they like it here so much. The service is awful and everything is so overpriced!!! If I never go here again I would be fine with it but I bet one of my girlfriends will drag me here again
1	Ive been a V.I.P. customer and frequent lover of Nakama for over 6 yrs now. I have spent a lot of $$ at this place. Ive always loved their service and food...Until now. My Finace and i were there for my Birthday dinner last night, i ordered my regular meal the way ive ordered it the past 6 yrs. The waitress informs me that i cant order my fried rice without the veggies anymore. I asked to speak with a Manager and a gentlemen named Chris comes to speak with us. (10 min later busy playing online poker) he saus he gets too many complaints from the Chefs that prepare the food about things like this?  I said arent the chefs paid to do what you tell them?  I even offered to pay addtional to have my meal the way i wanted it. I told Chris it was my Birthday and ive spent thousands of dollars here at his establishment.  He didnt care he said its a new rule although its NOT online and not posted anywhere on the menu. We ended up staying and eating my Birthday dinner the way Chris wanted it not me. But this is the last time we will ever be back. Waste of 2 hours driving waste of time ruined.my Birthday dinner. Bad customer service bad business ethics Mr. Chris.
4	Went here with my BFF for her birthday. Cocktails were great, just a little heavy on the sour mix.  I got the house Cosmo and my friend had the French Kiss cocktail.  The French Kiss was tastier than mine.  I loved the atmosphere: dim lighting, a swanky bar and hibachi tables in the back.  Self seating around the bar so we didn't have to wait at all at 9pm on a Saturday night. Rolls are big and are a decent price and the fish is super fresh. Two of the rolls tasted exactly the same which was a little disappointing: the Hawaii roll and the Haiku roll. If you want more variety don't order them together. Overall, Would recommend!!
4	Great atmosphere and great sushi! I wanted to take my friend from out of town down south side and be on the classier side of things. We strolled around and decided on nakama. We love sushi and wanted a good cocktail! How could we go wrong here? We sat at the sushi bar and were waited on quickly. Our waitress was great and attentive but not annoying. She was considerate and asked us if we wanted separate checks which I always forget to ask upfront. My friend got the nakama Cosmo which she thought had too much sour mix. I had the French kiss, it was great. Sweet and sour but not overly sweet. We then split three sushi rolls and seaweed salad. Love seaweed salad. Sweet and vinegary with a good crunch. We got the basic salmon roll, Hawaiian roll and haiku roll. They were so delicious and very fresh. Came quickly too on a very busy Saturday night. Great place to get hibachi with a group of friends or intimate for a date! Not the cheapest option for good sushi is south side but the atmosphere makes it very worthwhile!
4	I like Nakama, but you need to be ready for more of a bar / party type experience.The hibachi is good.  The food is good.  It really comes down to the chefs.  They have a couple chefs that put on a crazy good show.  If you get one of them, you are in luck.  They each seem to have their quirks.  It isn't the typical show of a little bit of flame and a shrimp tail in the hat.The sushi bar and regular bar are where Nakama really shines.  Nakama has a great bar scene and good sushi.  The sushi isn't the best in the city, but it is well done.  The fish to rice ratio is great and they have a diverse selection of pretty sushi rolls for people who want to go beyond your standard single fish product and rice.I'd strongly recommend Nakama if you want some good sushi and drinks in a upscale busy bar environment.  If you are looking for an 'authentic' sushi / hibachi experience, this is not the place.  Nakama fits the Southside scene.  You hit Nakama before a club or party bar.
4	After my previous experience at Nakama the General Manager stepped up an showed outstanding customer service!  Im happy to say i will continue to eat at Nakama thanks to the upper management,  & for my love of the food, but im still upset i cant have my food exactly the way i want it.
3	I have to say, I was not super impressed by this place at all. I have been wanting to try Nakama since I moved to Pittsburgh in 2011, but I never got around to going. My overall impression is that this place is spectacularly average, and extremely overpriced. Dishes range from $30-$40 on average, unless you order the Kobe Steak dish, which is a whopping $70. Wow. I went on a Sunday night, so it was not crowded or loud as I'm sure it is on weekends, being in such a prime location on the south side. We were seated right away and our server was polite, friendly and fast. No problems there. We got a sushi appetizer that was delicious and fresh, but it was pretty expensive for the quantity. I have had good sushi for cheaper, and this became the theme of the night: "it's good, but why is it so expensive?" I did not find, as other reviewers have said, that this was the best sushi in the city. It was very good. It was high quality, but it was not the best, and it was expensive. I ordered the tuna steak hibachi, and my boyfriend ordered a spicy steak hibachi dish. Hibachi orders at this place include the typical salad and miso soup, as well as an appetizer of either mushrooms or shrimp. I will say that the miso soup was the best I have ever had a joint like this. It was flavorful and had more mushrooms than usual. The salad was typical. The shrimp appetizer consists of 3 small pieces of shrimp. While I greatly appreciated the extra snack, this addition does not really justify the price difference between this and other hibachi places. Our chef was perfectly capable, but not fun or talkative at all. Maybe it's not considered classy or upscale, but I like to have fun when I go to a place like this, and I appreciate chefs who make jokes, get creative, and talk to us while they're cooking. Our chef made good food, but he barely talked at all, and didn't really do anything exciting. He did the onion tower, but that's about it. The food was good, but nothing spectacular. My favorite thing was my boyfriend's spicy dish, because it came with these really delicious thick noodles. The spicy sauce is a creamy orange sauce that still has a lot of kick. It was delicious, actually. I wish I ordered that. The tuna steak was fine, but nothing to write home about. Overall, my experience was perfectly fine at this place, but when I pay this much for a meal I expect more than just an acceptable experience. There are plenty of places in and around the city where you can get similar meals for much cheaper. I probably won't go here again.
1	Overly boisterous. Deaf staff. Fillers in the good so there's no flavor. Our hibachi chef was non-Japanese and kept saying how he just learned how to do everything. He basically wanted us to clap every time he cracked an egg. As he left he said,"gotta make more money"Never going back to this place.
3	When they first opened the food was great. We would go at least once a month. In the last year or two the quality has gone down. The portions have gone down and the $$ has gone up. Also the consistency in the food has dropped.  Used to be our favorite place, now it doesn't come up when we talk about going to eat.
5	I've never had a bad experience here. The staff is great and so is the food. I usually go with the Yakitori (teriyaki chicken skewered) for a good lunch. Hibachi and sushi are great too.
5	Yummy! Clean, lots of options, good beer selection,  nice music playing, great atmosphere, prices were a little high for sushi (about $2 more a roll than usual). Overall nice date night.
1	This was truly a major disappointment.  The restaurant is way over-priced and the food is just "average".  There are so many of these types of restaurants around that I would not waste my time with this place.  I had a steak and shrimp dish that was average.  Shrimp was OK but the steak was tough and over cooked.  I ask for medium rare and got medium which was well done by the time everything else was cooked.  Service was marginal yet the restaurant was not full.  Very disappointed and would not recommend this to anyone.
3	I like the Hibachi experience, and I don't eat seafood. That being said, it is a little overpriced for the quality of the food. I have gone a few times. I like that they give veteran's a meal for free on veteran's day.
3	This used to be our favorite sushi & sashimi bar in Pittsburgh but it seems the quality & service are travelling down hill, or at least they were last night.  We went here for my birthday and were greeted by the hostess with a blank stare.  She didn't say anything...  Nothing...  So I said, 'Hi, we'd like a teppanyaki table', to which she responded with another blank stare.  Then I said 'Hibachi...' and she woke up and said, 'That'll be at least 15-20 minutes or so...' and then went back to her blank stare.  Nothing like, 'Would you like to grab seats at the bar? Start your meal off with a drink? How about a sushi roll while you wait...' nothing...  So I said, 'Ok, we'll wait...' and seated ourselves at the sushi bar.  It took at least 5 minutes for the actual waitress to appear and it seemed like it was a chore for her to get us a couple glasses of water.  She didn't offer any help picking out rolls or sushi so we were on our own.  We settled on a 'Steeler Roll' for $14.  Looking around at the closest hibachi table to us, I could see 6 people seated and 2 empty seats.  I figured they were waiting for someone- turned out they weren't.  I also assumed that maybe they had ordered already- they hadn't.  Had they ordered drinks already maybe- Nope...  It was obvious that the hostess just wanted to be ignorant and make us wait for another table.  Ok, fine.  She doesn't get tipped anyway.  So our roll arrives and we start in on it.  It tastes pretty good but the eel that we so love is being lost in the quantity of rice surrounding it.  It even had trouble staying together.  Then the hostess comes over and says 'Are you ready...?' to which I look at her, then at the roll, and say, 'We'll need a few minutes...'On to the teppanyaki table...The restaurant was super loud because I think there was an 'End of the Season Pittsburgh Steeler party' in the back room and they were making all kinds of commotion so I can't fault the waiter on how hard it was for all of us to hear him.  Oh, by the way- our table was only half full when they started service.  There was my wife & I and another couple.  Maybe they were trying to get us in & out quickly, I don't know...  Our waiter started to take our orders and I heard him offer the couple next to us, 'Would you like to upgrade your white rice for fried for an additional charge?' and they both said no.  Looking in the menu, I see that a side of fried rice without any purchase is $3.29 so when it came time for us to order, he offered the same thing and I asked him how much the 'upcharge' was.  $3.29 was his response.  Why wouldn't he just ask if we'd like an additional side of fried rice for $3.29 instead of making it sound like you were getting a better deal by declining the white rice in favor of fried for $3.29???  Stuff like this really bothers me so I told him, 'I would like fried rice but I also want the steamed rice I'm already paying for...' to which he says, 'Fine with me man, I don't care how much rice I bring out...'  Nice customer service...  Anyway, we ended up with the only American teppanyaki chef in the entire place, and he was just getting over bronchitis or something because he barely spoke and when he did, it was in a very low tone.  Don't get me wrong- he was a very nice guy...  My wife had ordered the Bob's Triple Combo (Strip steak, Chicken & Shrimp) and I ordered the Chef's Choice (Strip steak & Chicken).  They were both delicious and aside from the service issues, we had a very nice meal.  We both agreed though- next time we're going out for sushi- we're going to Sake at South Side Works.  The chefs are much friendlier, the fish is fresher and the prices are much more reasonable (Half price on Sunday's & Monday's)
