5	Whenever I think of Lenny's Burger, I think of that urban myth about ecstasy. You know the one."If you have sex on ecstasy, you'll never be able to enjoy it sober."  Why, because the experience is that intense, or because you're brain has been so fried that you can't realize you've spent the last twenty minutes trying to fondle a rock? And why the fuck are you dropping this on me now? Like I'm not stressed out enough worrying about how a ouija board works and whether or not Mountain Dew depletes your sperm count. Shut up, you.Lenny's Burger is the ecstasy of hamburger joints.You go in there not expecting much. Perhaps even a little condescending because you're so fucking spoiled you don't know any better."Ha! Look at this ironically low-end establishment! Why, they don't even have a value menu! Bush league! Oh, how cute. They expect you to pump your own condiments. What, couldn't afford the little packets? Ha. This shall be a good laugh."And then you order, I don't know, for argument's sake, a double-patty chili burger. And fries. And let's just say that, for shits and giggles, you fill your drink cup up with horchata, because it's my fucking scenario.You bring your order back to your table. Ha. How quaint. Burgers served in a noisy steamy cafeteria setting. How retro. One minute you're biting into a slab of meat in between some bread.And the next you're in fucking Willy Wonka land.Your taste buds suddenly become Charlie and Veruca and Augustus.HOLY SHIT THIS BEEF TASTES LIKE IT CAME FROM A REAL ANIMAL! AND THIS CHILI'S FRESH! THE BUN IS TOASTED! JESUS TAPDANCING CHRIST, THESE ARE THE MOST AMAZING FRIES EVER! I'VE NEVER HAD BURGER JOINT FRIES THIS GOOD! AND THIS HORCHATA FUCKING ROCKS! IT TASTES JUST LIKE I IMAGINE HORCHATA WOULD TASTE!And believe me, muchachos, if there were snozberries on that burger, they would taste like snozberries.By the time you've finished your burger, you already crave one again.You spend the next few weeks trying to convince your friends to try it with you."Dude, you have to try this burger place. They have the most amazing fuck me burgers ever! Seriously.""Nah, man. I'm good."WHAT!? Bitch, you did not just turn down a suggestion from an Elite!Weeks later, you find that nobody wants to try this place.Because they're all trying to get clean.They're trying to cut back on the fast food. Get on a good diet, go vegan, cut out the refined sugars and carbs or whatever the fuck it is that people with a nutrition book do.It's not you. They're not turning YOU down.They just know. They know because they've seen it happen.One Lenny's Burger and suddenly they're lives will go out of control all over again.One bite of a double-patty country burger with cheese and chili fries and suddenly they'll start double-dipping and eating right before they go to bed, and years from now they'll be wearing those electronic belts that zap the fat off of you while they get their cry on to a very special episode of Maury Povich.It's just you and Lenny's now. You'll do your best to be stoic about it. Eating alone while tables of laughing hipsters and married couples enjoy their hearty meal, stopping to give you the occasional look as they slowly decide in their minds what could possibly be so wrong with you as to force you to eat your meals alone."Just come with me once. I'll pay for it.""No thanks. I'd rather do McDonald's.""WHAT!? Didn't you watch Super Size Me?""Actually, I just did. Now I want a Big Mac.""Fine...just this once."Go on, buddy. Try and enjoy that, what do they call it, a Large N' Delicious? A Royale With Cheese? Yeah, I'm sure you like it going in, let's see how you like it coming back out.Your stomach/intestines aren't fooled. It wants the good shit. It's not going to settle for this "McBullshit" you're trying to feed it.Just deal with it. You've been bought and paid for by Lenny's Burger Shop. You are Bitch Numero Uno.Awww, don't cry. Ronald McLittleKid'sNightmare didn't like you anyway. But Lenny's Burger, Lenny's will always love you. It will always be there for you. It will never judge you, and will even forgive this little "selling out" phase you went through. It's okay. We all make mistakes.Now...would you like cheese with that?Hopefully today you have learned something, and understand the downward spiral that is consumption of actual food.Be good, stay in school, listen to your parents, and remember, what doesn't give you high blood pressure and diabetes will only make you stronger.
4	being from LA.. i didn't know where to get a good burger and chili cheese fries so i yelped chili cheese fries and 2 Wienerschnitzels topped the list.. and i thought.. wow.. it's gonna suck being out in AZ.. then i look further down the list and see 5 star review for lenny's burgers.and the words chili cheese fries. i didn't even read the review at all until i got back from my own experience. but jetta's review is awesome!let me say that in the midst of all the commercial chain burger joints.. we found a diamond in the rough.looks like any random burger stand but when i saw the nacho cheese dispenser.. i just prayed that the cheese they used on the chili cheese fries... i watched as they prepared my food the fries sizzling in the oil and then drenched in the real chili not that runny ground meat crap.. but has kidney beans and a bite like real chili should and then she drizzles the nacho cheese and tops it with jalapenos.. oh and the kicker.. when i grabbed a fry and chomped it down.. i realized.. they even used seasoned salt on the fries before they chili'd it. i was so pleased with the chili cheese fries i nearly missed the burger patties..they are HUGE. and i just got a single on sourdough i believe it's a 1/4 lb of meat. and real meat. i think it would have been better to have the pattie thicker rather than so thin but it was still good.they have different sauces on different burgers and a wide variety of shakes.i couldn't finish my burger which i also added bacon too and they load it up with bacon. i had about 1/3 of the pattie left and it was still bigger than a big mac pattie.. maybe even both patties put together.the establishment itself is sort of weird. it's quite narrow and there is counter space but they also have tables around the corner but it's setup in a very weird preschool like environment and it's super quiet.. almost freakishly quiet.. and i believe the restrooms are through the back door.oh and there's a HUGE sign that says they don't accept checks.. just to warn everyone but who pays for a burger with a check?
5	Lenny's is a west valley legend. I think most locations are independently owned but they seem to have the same food. If you are in the mood for a great, greasy burger this is the place to go. There isn't a burger in town that can come close to Lenny's!
5	It's lunch time here in the LBC, and I want a big juicy burger like the ones I used to have at Lenny's!! The only *other* thing I miss about Phx.. What a gem of a find!! Hands down, the best little burger shack I've ever been to.. ever. And we stopped there completely on accident. The smell lured us in maybe lolDon't come here looking for decor (there really is none..).. just stand in line, place your order, and wait for the good stuff to grace you with it's presence :) I remember people comparing Lenny's to In n Out and Sonic. How embarrassing! I love InO but you just can't compare the 2.. or 3. Sonic isn't even in the same league, sorry Sonic lovers of the valley. ANYWAY, if you're in the 'hood, this is a MUST. BIGGER and better than In N Out and all that other stuff for sure. Drip down your hand, cheesy, beefy mouthfuls of bliss. And the fries..mmm... geez I'm hungry now!
4	Stopped into Lenny's on Monday night for a burger dinner around 6:30pm. I have never tried Lenny's before and have driven by this joint almost daily. I was craving a nice juicy burger and wanted to try something off the beaten path of all the fast food restaurants. The shop from the outside gives you the vibe of how the inside is. Straight up burger and fries joint. They don't mess around with some fancy menu. You've got maybe 5 or 6 burgers to choose from, so it's not to hard to decide which one you want to try first. I got the burger on sour dough combo, and my husband got the double burger combo. We decided to eat there on the stools and bar they have set up. It's a tiny little shop with about 10 stools to eat at, all facing the windows outside. You can expect to pay anywhere from 5-8 a combo, which is about what any fast food joint charges. We got our food and were hungry. I grabbed my burger and bit in. It was nice and juicy. The patty wasn't overwhelmingly big, but had a lot of grilled flavor to it. Along with my burger I got a nice huge helping of thick fries, and a large soda. The fries were perfectly hard on the outside and soft on the inside, just like I enjoy them. My husbands burger looked good too, he said it tasted yummy too. While we were in there we noticed a young crowd come in and out, for a Monday I saw they did pretty good business. Which surprised me because I noticed a note on the door saying they were no longer going to be open on Sundays.. Awhh, I thought. I hope they survive this tough economy, it's got to be hard being a burger shop right across the street from jack in the box, and burger king. For being local to my casa, I will diffiently be supporting there good burgers.. If you live in the area, check'em out.
4	Well burger fans I finally tried Lenny's! I know they have had some mixed reviews. I like this location! Everything is cooked to order. You can watch your food being prepared, it is a very small location. I started off ordering a cheese burger and fries. But after viewing the cook preparing the burger I opted for a double with bacon! The bacon is crisp and heated on the grill yahummmm! The fries were good nothing spectacular. But that burger was tasty! Also they offer turkey hot dogs for those of you who cannot or do not eat beef or pork. This is a nice option. My best friend cannot eat beef or pork so this is great for her. Only downside is the have no real seating here, but get it to go and you'll be A-ok!
3	I must be on my burger kick again. I had one Saturday and again today. Lennys is cool but I am always disappointed. The burgers are just too thin. The flavor is there, everything is fresh, the frys are good. Maybe I should get a double from now on.
4	I'm not sure who's older, Lenny's or myself, but we've been friends as long as I can remember. Back when I was a kid this location had no outdoor seating, and the interior didn't seem nearly as cramped.  The patio that is located there now is a great addition to Lenny's.  Although I now realize that there may be a lot of people that don't know it wasn't always there.As far as the food goes...well let's just say I remember it being a little bit better when I was younger.  From what I understand this location isn't "officially" a Lenny's anymore and it shows.  The 59th Ave. location still has the taste I remember, but this one's just slipping.  The burgers are still grilled right in front of you and you get to watch them season them live as well.  They also still have a lot of options for hamburgers but they're nothing you haven't seen before.  BBQ sauce, thousand island, ketchup and mustard.  All the old standards.  Unfortunately my favorite burger, the ranch burger, is the biggest flavor change at the place.  The ranch/mayo sauce used to run down my fingers and drip onto my burger paper leaving behind tasty little puddles of fattening bliss.  Now there's much less sauce, and it seems thin and watery.  As far as their hot dogs go...well I've never had the hot dogs in all the years I've been dining here, but my friends won't order anything else.  They love the chili dogs like a dog loves a bone.  It's still a good flame-broiled burger, and the fries are still amazing.  Obviously places evolve, and I can't dock points for not living up to my memories.  As a solo burger joint, the building is perfect.  If you go with a group, however, plan on sitting in their outside section because the inside is still far too small.Oh, and if you are raising kids in the Glendale area I highly recommend this place as a great memory maker.
4	Gone are the good old days of a sweaty, greasy Lenny himself taking your order and making it while you watch. Gone too are the days of equally sweaty, greasy and extra pimply high school kids doing the same. What remains is a no-frills burger shack in a mostly run down strip mall with some of the best cheap burgers you can buy.I ordered my usual double ranch burger with cheese and fries. The burger was the same tasty pile of awesome that it's always been. Unfortunately the fries have changed. They used to cut them fresh in the store. I think they are using frozen or packaged fries now. They were not bad at all, just not as good as what I'm used to, so I had to knock a couple of points off of that.I've been going here since my high-school days so I would give this location a lifetime achievement award of a perfect 5 stars. But since Lenny is no longer on the scene and the fries have changed, I gotta knock it down to a 4.5.
5	I've learned that expectations can really effect your experience in pretty much any dining situation. Lenny's, for example, is an unassuming burger shack. It's tiny, clean, but really just unremarkable to look at. I was hungry for a burger, having had far too healthy of a breakfast and lunch. I didn't hate myself enough to go to the big "royal" burger chain across the street, so into Lenny's I went.I forget the name of the burger I ordered. It may have been the Mexican burger, as it was topped with green chilli. That, and some onion rings, and I'm ready to go. A short wait later and there is a very pretty burger sitting in front of me. A toasted sesame bun. A hearty slab of very tasty beef. And these wondrously spicy and sweet green chilli. I was simply unprepared for a burger of this caliber to come from such a humble place. To top it all off, the onion rings were, in a word: perfect. I have never had such perfectly fried and battered rings. The onion was cut generously enough to still taste, but didn't get pulled out of it's fried shell in a single bite. Absolute heaven. Don't judge a book by it's cover, I've been told. Nor should you judge a restaurant because it's small and tucked into a shopping plaza. The book thing sounds better though.
5	A Great little 50's diner. A hole in the wall mom and pop's joint. Have been eating there since Lenny himself would cook the burgers.The fries are amazing and the burgers are to die for. I get the ranch burger with jalapenos and cheese. Classic food for a good price, better than chain fast food restaurants. Good for low-key dates
5	I went here today at about 11ish to pick up an early lunch.  There were 2 people there ahead of me.  The whole process from ordering to getting my meal was well under 10 minutes.I really didn't know much about this place except for what I read on Yelp.  Seemed like a pretty solid place and not to far from my office so what the heck.  I wasn't expecting much because I am not really a fan of the just about the entire 85209 zip code as far as dining options go.  I mean there are a few hole-in-the-wall type places that look promising but that's about it.This is your classic hole-in-the-wall burger place that looks like it has been there for forever.  It has a great vibe to it and you can tell it is definitely not a run-of-the-mill franchise.Anyway, the cashier was very fast and friendly as was the cook.  I ordered a "Mexican Burger" combo and it was delish just like a few of the reviews on here said it would be.  I especially loved the fries.  Perfectly seasoned and just the right amount of crunchiness.  The burger/topping had excellent flavor and was a decent size.  Their not-frozen burger patties are cooked on a real grill right in front of you which is nice.I will definitely return in the future.
4	Burgers do not get better than this! My hubby and I stopped by at 11 am today for lunch. We ordered 2 specialty burger combos. Loved being able to see our fresh food cooking. Ambiance is lacking, however, which accounts for the 4 instead if 5 stars. The dining room is not connected, so it seems kinda strange. Fries are not the best I have ever had, but the burgers are the best!
2	Lenny's is a phoenix staple...unfortunately i cant for the life of me tell why. I hear that it has gone downhill, i hear that it's great, but when i went there it was sheer "meh".For some ungodly reason i thought it would be prudent to get a "teriyaki burger" here and it could only be described as a "Terry?! YUCKY!" burger (assuming the fry cooks name was terry)I took one bite and was overwhelmed w/ nausea and regret; the lettuce was wilted and gray, the cheese was a neon orange plastic tragedy,  the bun- soggy and shiny w/ grease, mayo slathered all over it, the teriyaki sauce tasted like burnt blackened tar, and the sad excuse for a pineapple on top was almost more insulting than the previous offenses.After several bites i figured it just wasnt worth it and covertly threw it away The actual burger itself probably wasnt too bad, but all the poor quality ingredients that smothered it made it horrible.My parent's burgers were actually very good, they were wise enough to order a simple plain burger: patty & bun. kinda hard to eff up.so word of caution; if going to Lenny's K.I.S.S. (keep it simple stupid, hurts my feelings everytime)
4	I don't make it out to Lenny's as often as I like. I had the single cheeseburger combo for $7.69 today. The combo included the a fresh burger grilled in front of you, freshly cooked fries and a ginormous soft drink. Lenny's has a wide array of condiments to adorned your burger and they always get that part right. The burger is juicy and delicious and the fries are hot and tasty as well. I recommend their gigantic shakes which are in the $4 dollar range (too heavy for lunch). Next time I have to try the chili cheese fries, they looked awesome.
4	I do miss the days when Lenny would take the orders and be lambasted for doing everything wrong by the woman at the end of the line...  Ah, those were good days.I'd never been to this location, and just so you know, there ARE more than the four bar seats next to the grill - just wait for your order, grab your shake, then head outside, turn right, and head into the much cooler (temp-wise, if not decor-wise) seating area.You DID grab your shake, right? You mean, you didn't order a shake? Yeah, yeah - I know - you can't get a combo with a shake.  Splurge on the extra dollar and get the damn shake.  Cinnamon is one you can't get everywhere else.  Got it?  Good.  (Seriously. I'd be giving 3 stars without the shake.)The burgers are good, flavorful, a little greasy, a little crisp on the edges sometimes, but always seem to hit the spot.  And I also recommend the onion rings.  I mean, you're not coming here because your trainer recommended it for your diet, you're coming for the burger, onion rings and don't-you-dare-forget - the shake.  Mmm.  Nummy.
4	Love their shakes! :)
2	I'm really starting to wonder about you, Phoenix.  Usually, when I look at Yelp reviews and see that there are 20+ reviews and the place has 4 stars, that's a legitimate measure of how good it is, but since moving here, I've been to several places like this - some with even 50+ reviews - that are simply mediocre.  Are your brains so addled by the sun that you've forgotten what food tastes like, or is this just a symptom of the terrible offerings of Phoenix as a city?  I'm not sure yet.Lenny's is one of these cases.  I went in here expecting a home run from reading all these reviews, and I splurged and got onion rings and a shake based purely on your recommendations.  Sure, it was a well-put-together burger, and the options they have are fairly novel... but it was just okay.  The toppings were kind of meh, especially the onions.  But most importantly, the burger was extremely salty.  I believe I saw them putting some sort of powdered topping on them on the grill, which, fine, but... less please.  The saltiness really took the quality of the burger down for me.  Otherwise it would have been much more solid.  The saltiness alone reduces the chance of me returning.Service was fast, that's a plus.  It's true the location offers you little.  It's functional.  It's fine.  Whatever.  But the onion rings were frozen (so are the fries) and the blandest I've ever had in my life, so the guy below who said they were the best he ever had, well, I hope you get to have some better onion rings soon.  Considering this fact alone, I feel that Lenny's is a bit overpriced.The one part of all these Yelp reviews that is 100% unadulterated truth is that Lenny's has outstanding milkshakes.  They do taste homemade, and it's fantastic.  They have many flavors for you to delight yourself with, and they are sumptuous and indulgent without being too heavy.  I will almost certainly go back to Lenny's for a shake if not a burger.
5	Been eating here for years.      Haven't been here nearly as often as I would like to have been in the past few months but this place is still churning out great quality burgers.   Very basic, to-the-point menu, burgers, hot-dogs, fries and shakes.         For what they offer, they do very well.     The best out of all the Lenny's that I have been to, definitely the most consistent as well, I'd recommend this to anyone with a craving for a hot, juicy burger.
2	Went back last night for some dinner, had the Mexican burger... not as good as I remember it.   Burger was super greasy, they were stingy on toppings and the prices seemed they went up a couple of dollars for a combo..  yes I'll be heading somewhere else from now on.
2	I think your either a fan of Lenny's or not a fan.  I can't seem to understand what the "fans" are tasting when they eat at this place.  I went to this Lenny's again last week for lunch and and had there single cheese burger with a side of fries and drink.  The burger was overcooked and tasted like something you would get a burger stand on a street corner. The toppings were ok but my bun was smooshed since it was on the bottom of the bag.  The fries were plain, possibly pre-frozen.  I tried their Mexican burger on my prior visit based on some Yelp reviews and it wasn't much better than last week's burger.  Bottom line, I'm not a fan yet but it's beats going to the chain fast food places since there is not many places to go in this area.BTW ~ I find it very hard to believe the burger in the cover photo was taken at Lenny's... there's no way.
4	Very good burgers, buns are toasted.....jalapeno cheese fries are amazing.    Smaller place, not much seating
4	I finally made in here to try out some of the finest burgers in Valley and was not let down.  The food here basically consists of burgers, hot dogs, fries and soda.  My five year old accompanied me and did enjoy the Vienna jumbo hot dog.  I had a double burger with Swiss cheese and mushrooms.  Quite good.The burgers are cooked on the grill by two women in the front.  The burgers are cooked medium well - near perfect in texture and tastes.  I was happy with my meal.  The fries have seasoned salt and are not over done.It is a fun place, however, with limited seating.I would suggest bringing an appetite.  The food is heavy, but good.The outdoor seating is adequate for most of the year, but once it gets past 100 it becomes challenging.Enjoy....
2	I guess I was expecting more. If you go to their website, you will get a site for Lenny's Burgers that is NOT associated with this location. So you may be misled. This place is a small (seats 8 along the window) snack stand. Similar to the snack bars at sporting events. They had 2 picnic tables outside.The day we went there it was smokey from the exhaust fan not working well. It was hot and greasy and claustraphobic inside. In 2 seconds we agreed to make this a take out order. On the plus side, the burgers were good but you have to pay for each topping except condiments, lettuce and tomato. The lettuce was sparcely distributed. My wife had a chicken salad that I could have made at home.
4	We had are choice between this Lennys or the one off of 59th. We chose this one because we get a $1 off each combo. Later in the day we just happened to drive by the one on 59th and wished we went there instead.We walked up and there was a big cloud coming out the , i thought it was a water mister but it was the smoke coming from the grill. It was crazy, we walked in and you couldnt see 2 feet in front of you.We all order burgers of course and some fries. There was no complaints and we would go back.My aunt came with us and she use to live a few miles from here, years ago and she said she use to come here every once in awhile. Im guessing 20+ years.They have a small room to eat in next door.
5	Best burger joint in the valley IMHO.  Really, every time I go here I am reminded what attentive service, great ingredients, and craftsmanship can go into a burger.This place is small, very small.  The line will flow out of the building often, but that's with only 4 people in line.  It's not fancy in any way, and they don't serve beer, but that's is appeal.  It's a place to get a burger and sit out on your tailgate and munch down while talking with friends.Because the place is so small, you get to watch the same, I think two, guys make up your masterpiece and having gone enough to kinda know the flow, it's really neat.  They can fill up fast, but you never really wait to long for your food.Portions of toppings, generous to say the least.  Some times I would swear there is more bacon then burger sometimes and that's not due to a lack of burger.  The sauces are poured on heavy but never seam to leak, and everything fried (Fries, onion rings, etc) are as generous in portion as in deliciousness.And there are like 4 different hot sauces you can get for the fries including the best, mango habanero.Eat here now.  Dooooo it....
4	Single cheeseburger (Seseame seed bun, whopper size, flame grilled in front of me) and an order of fries (thick cut, seasoned, straight out the fryer) cost nearly $7 and is a HUGE meal. kids meal is more normal portion sized. love the fries and the burger is not greasy or fatty tasting like major chains. If Lenny can make their lettuce and tomato as fresh and crisp as In and Out then I would give em 5
3	3 1/2 stars for dear old Lenny. I want to say that I am a fan , and it pains me to not be a fan. But after many minutes of deep soul searching, I have come to a realization . I go to Lenny's for the peanut butter shakes. there i said it. It's true. I  thought I was going because its  of its old time,   hole in the wall  flavor or the friendly neighborhood service. Because it has a charm . But I now know that  all we are  or ever will be is shake buddies.
2	I love Lenny's, just not this one.. every time i go here the lady is kinda snippy, and the food isnt very good and horribly overpriced.  You have to stick with the "real Lenny's" my Fav one is Glendale and the 17. every time its a great burger out of that place and a great deal.  i eat at the glendale one almost once a week and its what a hole in the wall burger place should be... go see for yourself!
5	Favorite hole in the wall for burgers and fries.  Never had a bad meal there.  Perhaps a little pricey but worth it to me anyway.
4	The burgers are great, but kind of expensive.
5	I had been going here for years but then moved out of the area.  After moving back I have been going back to Lenny's a little bit here and there.  Today when I asked my wife what she wanted for lunch, and she said Lenny's, I was happy.I would usually go with 4 stars for a place like this because the food is that good in my opinion but I am just tacking on the extra one this time for the nostalgia.  Does nostalgia make food taste better you ask?  You're darn right it does.Two single country burgers, a single order of chili cheese fries, and a vanilla shake later I was back in high school and college all over again.  I really hate going back to my old dives because I am afraid they are not going to live up to my memories as some have and been scratched off the list.  But Lenny's lived up to that and more today.  You just can't beat how small and packed it gets.  People lined up out the door around noon each day, waiting for their food, barely being able to keep up with the filling of drinks and ketchup cups.  But it happens like clockwork just as I have remembered.  But truly, the food is pretty darn good and it has stood the test of time.  I can't wait to go back.P.S. Does anyone know what the Lenny's wi-fi was about?  It was locked down but why even broadcast it?  Can you pay for wi-fi there?
5	I. Love. Lennys. The burgers have a similar flavour to that of burger king, but you know what? BK can go suck it because their food will never be as good. Their burgers are amazing and their French fries with the seasoning salt are to die for. I wish I had one right now!
4	Great local burger joint!  Give it a try if you're in the area.
4	Good local burger shop. Will definitely come back.
5	Get anything with chili and cheese on it. And don't skimp yourself on the peanut butter shake. It's like heaven in a cup.
4	In all of the years I have lived in this neighborhood, this was my first visit to Lenny's. Overall, I was impressed with the food but underwhelmed by the strange layout. My mom and I ordered single cheeseburger combos and very much enjoyed the fresh bun and veggies and flavorful burgers. Even the fries were great.There is a separate and unattached dining room but at least it was nice and cool unlike the ordering area which is narrow and too warm.I would definitely order from there again but maybe to go!
4	Lenny's burgers are fantastic.  One of the best burgers out here.  They are a bit pricey especially charging extra for the cheese and fries can add up to $10+.  Overall good place to get an occasional burger from time to time.
5	If your looking for great burgers and service this is definitely the stop for you! My go to is the sourdough burger, seasoned steak fries and one of their amazing shakes! Love when Junior is working as he is always friendly and puts a smile on everyone's face. So stop reading and go order a combo... You will thank me later!
5	Great service, knows me by now as Turkey Dog Combo gal:) It's hard to find Turkey dogs in this town & lucky enough this one is close to me! Great prices $5.25 for a great lunch served with love & a smile.
3	Great dive burger joint.  Really enjoyed the cowboy burger.  The fries are well seasoned and crispy too!
5	I eat here pretty regularly and quality of food and service is consistently great.   They call you by your name and everything is cooked fresh.  I literally have nothing negative to say, even their mayo is homemade!
5	One of my all time places... this has been a spot of mine since I was 11 years old.. I'm 40 now you do the math... Came her after my AGS games either celebrating in victory or licking wounds from a loss in my favorite Chocolate Strawberry milk shake chilli cheese fries  cheese burger lettuce pickles ketchup mayo... it hasn't changed, owners have but the food has stayed the same. .. This place is a must eat at...
3	Pretty darn good.  Tasted like an expensive restaurant burger but for a lot less.  Cashier is friendly.  Cook is fast.
5	The guy behind the counter said I was going to like their burgers WOW was he right !this place rocks... definitely no corporate assembly line pre cooked  feel here .They are even better then  restaurant burgers & fries in my opinion & lets not forget the whole dive feel they have going without trying  5 STARS BECAUSE I CANT GIVE 6
4	Very delicious burgers, onion rings, and chicken strips. Shakes and malts are very tasty! Always made to order. Very kind customer service. Personally, I like it better than Smash Burger.
3	Been going there since I was 10. I love their service and nostalgia. Their food fits the craving you look for when going there. It just isn't the most amazing burger place I've been to. That's all. Check them out, get the western burger(double with Swiss and onion rings and bbq sauce).
5	If you want a non national chain processed burger Lennys is for you! A small whole in the wall ma and pa shop with great fresh food .. been coming here since high school and it has memories .. the food never disappoints and the shakes are AMAZING .. triple teriyaki burger combo MHM! ! The same people have been working there for 7 + years!
4	Trying the cowboy combo this time. Friendly service and great food...love it!!  Will definitely be back to try other burgers.
5	Best burgers in Arizona! Everything tastes fresh and the char on the grill is awesome! If you go to a Lenny's go to this one! Employees are also very friendly and fun to be around!
5	heaven in a bun! No, seriously!!! It is AMAZING... The burger is flame grilled and you get the option of the sauce you want on it... it is a bit pricey for a burger, but why pay $7 at McDonalds for a meal when you can pay $9 and get REAL FOOD!!! MY FAVORITE BURGER SHOP HANDS DOWN!!!
4	Yay found a burger place nearby that hits the spot!  Went to check out this place because we had heard good things about it and just wanted a good burger. This location was relatively small and at the end of a strip mall. The menu is pretty basic with burgers, hot dogs, sides, and shakes. I ordered a double ranch burger (aka hamburger with mayo) and added mushrooms and Swiss cheese. I also ordered cheese fries, because I am a sucker for anything covered in nacho cheese sauce.  The bf ordered the chipotle burger (burger with chipotle mayo) and added bacon, of course. We spent about $16 for the both of us. The burgers were very tasty and had that grilled flavor to it.  Food is simple but definitely gets the job done if you want a good burger and fries. We will be back for sure!
5	Best burgers in phoenix from a non chain. Love their sauces, zucchini and onion rings!
5	Been awhile since I've eaten here, so I ate here today and it is still one of the best burgers in town!
5	Best burger I've had in a long time. Everything is super fresh.  Very high quality for a great price.
2	I'm giving this two stars because the food is good. It is also reasonably priced. It is much better than fast food and not even much more. However, don't come here for good service. The lady at the counter has been rude to me every time I have come in. Even friends of mine have said she's been rude. I've been in the food and restaurant industry as well as management and if she was even half as nasty to me as she has been I would fire her on the spot. It's unacceptable to treat customers this way and a great way to lose business. Also their website is inconsistent with what they actually have. Basic stuff here.I'll try my luck at another location, perhaps.
5	Excellent burger! Reminds me of jims burger shop on Whittier blvd & Rowan ave in ELA :)
