4	Great prepared foods and dried nuts and snacks.  Much is organic and healthy and still tasty.  Great prices.  Doesn't carry all that a chain grocery store does but can do 60% of your shopping here.
5	Don't judge me by this, but if you don't like Trader Joe's, I just don't think we can be friends. They roll all of the good things about any supermarket I've ever been to into one, tastefully presented package. Cheap, good food and produce, and they have samples here. I love samples. When I was a kid I could spend hours at Costco listening to presenters talk about how to get stains out with their respective magical solutions, or how a blender could make tasty fruit drinks from your fresh fruit. Trader Joe's does one better. Coffee, fresh bread, and things I can consume on the spot are always there. And don't even get me started on Chuck Shaw. I know it isn't great, but for two dollars, it doesn't have to be. I think we all owe TJ's a thank you for introducing the world to Mr. Shaw.
5	Trader Joe's is just wonderful.  I have been shopping here since shortly after I moved to AZ ten years ago and the only complaint I have is that I get hooked on something and then it just goes away!  I don't know if it is supply problems or if this Joe guy is just cruel, but bring back the TVP taco and sloppy joe mix!!  Other than the evolving product line, there is nothing I don't like about TJ's.  You don't have to worry about sales, because they don't have them.  You don't have to worry about seeing Rachael Ray's maniacal face grinning at you from a box of Triscuits, because they don't sell them.  Most of what they sell is their own brand which means there is quality assurance because they are putting their name on everything they sell.  They get one star simply for the free food samples that are usually available and the free coffee that is always available.As another reviewer mentioned, the prices are actually very reasonable.  The prices on their cheese alone is worth going in for.  If you want to pair the cheese with wine, they have a lof of choices and a lot of bargains.Check out their pre-made food also, I have not been disappointed!
5	I can roll out of Trader Joe's with a bag full of groceries at 1/2 the price of Safeway. It's amazing! And it's better food, too! It's fun and exciting to shop here. It's kind of like Target - you come in for one or two things, and swear to your self that's all you get, but you end up with a basketfull. There's handwritten descriptions for each item, and where can you get a $2 bottle of wine that tastes decent? NOWHERE.Some of my faves, which you must try:*the tub of Bruchetta (the freshest pre-made bruschetta ever)*Smoked Monterrey Jack Cheese (it looks gross from the outside, it's brown cause it's smoked, but my roomate and I fell in love with it and now it's a staple in our fridge)*Spicy Thai Salad (with noodles and chicken in a yummy peanut sauce)*Edamame (it's pre-cooked and lightly salted in it's shell. Just defrost and eat!)*Mediterranian Hummus (the most authentic taste - not grainy but smooth, topped with pine nuts, olive oil, and pesto)*The four cheese frozen pizza (comes out of your oven tasting like it was in a brick oven)Really I can go ON and ON and On about TJ's.....
4	Don't get me wrong, I love Trader Joe's.  I do all of my shopping there with the exception of sliced cheese, Propel, and Amy's meals.    I just don't love this TJ's.  This is the smallest TJ's I've ever been in.  Its got about 4 aisles.  It does have the liquor section, which is nice, but the rest of the selection is lacking.  No 10 Grain Bread.  (Its amazing btw)  Limited yogurt selection.   Small produce section.  Things like that.  The products I'm used to buying just aren't here in this store.  I don't think I could do all of my shopping here, I just feel as if it's a mini TJ's.
4	Love Trader Joe's, their prices are great and the staff are so helpful and friendly, despite the fact that it's a tiny supermarket the lines move pretty quickly during the weekend. Great flowers too!
4	I too love TJ's, but I have to second Kristin on this location.  It's teeny.  Some departments (like produce) were particularly small.  That being said, I was ecstatic to find one here close to my hotel.  Since we have a kitchen (AT LAST!) I made a grocery run at the beginning of the week.  We picked up a bottle of that great, cheap Trader's Joe wine, plus some staples like bread, cheese, turkey, gyoza, yogurt, Trader's Joe maple brown sugar shredded wheat (mmm) etc.  The best thing about Trader Joe's is that you can get consistently healthy, good food for reasonable prices.  I don't know how they do it.  Or rather, if they are able to do it, why can't anyone else seem to?  Wild Oats used to be great, but I"m worried about what route they'll take now that Whole Foods is in control.  Worrisome.
5	This is my weekly shopping place.. amidst loads of blue hair and a tight fit for this big bear I have to say I just love this place! My weekly food budget is usually around 50 bucks (it's just the 2 of us and we eat out way to much) and I always leave with loads of yummy items! I'd spend twice this at Wild Oats quite easily. There are some checkers there that are very easy on the eyes! Always a plus in my book!! Each week holds many surprises for me and our menu.. always look forward to shopping here!!
5	Peanut Butter filled pretzels are on my short list of endurance event foods.    The best combination of salty and sweet and caloric density that you need for a long haul. Mmm.....
5	I have been shopping at TJs for about 5 years now, in Massachusetts and now Arizona, and I still go here every 2 weeks or so to pick up my groceries. I love how they sell booze in AZ at TJs, in Mass this is not allowed. It leads to one less trip I need to make! No more separate trips to the Package Store (Liquor Store in Ma). I love all their variety, and their prices are great on most items. They have a great cheese selection, and a descent amount of organic foods. I also love the variety of frozen foods, including a great selection of fish. I wish they had a Super TJs (not like a Super Wal-Mart, just a bit bigger. I don't want to buy tires at TJs.) It would be cool to have a butcher, baker, and what the hell, a candle stick maker! I don't want to turn TJs in Whole Foods, but I would love to see more meat (who doesn't want more meat?) and a larger Produce Section. Perhaps It goes against the concept of TJs, but at the heart of the crafty pirate, Trader Joe, I know he has a yearning for a nice Prime Rib cut of meat, or a fresh selection of fennel bulbs, Large Artichokes, etc..... Argh Matey...  Also I wish you didn't have to buy 4 avocados, or a bag of 10 lemons at once. Being a single fella, it is hard to consume 4 avocados in 5 days. Guacamole anyone?
4	Trader Joe's Scottsdale. It's not your average Trader Joe's. Nor is it your extraordinary. Don't get me wrong. I like TJs. I've been intrigued by this chain of stores since stumbling into one with my best bud in Detroit. (She lives there and was the first to introduce me.) You see, in Oklahoma City, we don't have Trader Joe's. We don't really have anything like it, to be frank. Albertson's may be as upscale as ya get, unless things have changed since I moved away. Here in Phoenix you have a slew of options for snagging a bag of groceries. Fry's. AJ's. Safeway. Fresh & Easy. World Market. Food City. Even Walgreens and Target. How does one ever decide? Where's the loyalty? Well, I'm now a loyal shopper of Trader Joe's. It didn't take long to convince me. Nor did it take much. You see, I can run into Trader Joe's with a few things on my list to get, and then be convinced to pick up a few curiosities, like their split pea soup or chicken sausage. Even when "binging" at the store, I never walk away spending too much. You can't do that at Fry's, Safeway or AJs - believe me. Anytime I stray from my list at those places, I end up paying at least 30% more than I anticipated. Trader Joe's serves me well. I'm able to get what I want and need, as well as explore what's out there - without feeling like I went buck wild in the frozen foods aisle. I can even pick up a tasty bottle of wine or build my own 6-pack without breaking $10. Nice!So, as for this Trader Joe's, I'd say if you like dealing with swarms of people in an overly cramped space, then go for it. As for me, the one time I went here, I soon felt trapped and claustrophobic. Not to mention it was so crowded, somebody knocked over a bottle of wine and it splattered everywhere. (Oddly, people didn't seem to think anything of it. Must happen alot in closet spaces.)I think I'll keep shopping at the one at 20th and Camelback, or venture to Mesa or Tempe to try the ones there.
4	Two strikes but there is still Norwegian farm raised salmon.   I was disappointed the lightly breaded halibut and tempura shrimp are currently unavailable for a TBD period.  Both are excellent values, particularly the 10 piece shrimp packed in two groups of five plus two packs of very tasty sauce.   Each is a no brainer to prepare on a baking sheet and turning once in the 15 minute process. The good news is "fresh" Norwegian farm raised salmon is available and better than the usual Atlantic farm raised salmon (at least in my opinion).  TJ's salmon is packaged several different ways but I like the salmon stuffed with feta and spinach the best.  One for dinner and the other for lunch the next day.  One can never get enough salmon.  The other necessity is Block 50 in either Merlot or Shiraz on the flyer special.
5	Damn you Joe! Please come closer to my hood. I love you so!!!!!!!!!!I cannot really mess with a regular grocery store anymore. They have so many options for a single gal like me that does not want to slave in the kitchen. Oh and the pirates booty puffs are addictive. I really love the indian micro rice- I tell EVERYONE to get this stuff.
5	I'm a BIG Joe's fan.  They have some really great products that I just can't live without.A few items:Kauai CoffeeTzaziki SauceHummus (any variety -- they're all good -- but I highly suggest the Cilantro Jalapeno)Multi-Grain Tortilla chipsPeach Salsa (holy mother of God, I could just drink the stuff)Thai Green Beans -- a new find for me, and it makes my tummy smileThe people that work there are always very helpful, and it's just a happy place to shop.  You always have a smile on your face when you leave Joe's!
4	I love Trader Joe's for certain things...  I never seem to find everything I need there, which is to be expected of a "farmers market" vs. a "super market"... The prices are always pretty reasonable and I love the quirkiness in how things are named.  Trader Joses Mexican Food, Trader Giottos Italian Food, Two Buck Chuck wine... love it!  I also find it hysterical that the workers there have titles like they are part of a fisherman's chain of command- argh mattey!!  One of my dear friends works for the company and they are GREAT to their employees... it shows in their customer service!
4	TJ! I swear, seeing a TJ's when I arrive at a new place instantly makes me feel at home. I know it's a chain, so of course all the stores look the same, but I certainly don't get that warm fuzzy feeling for Target. TJ's has very curious products. They have a very small produce section in comparison to the massive wall of cheese and prepackaged deli meats, and their real specialty is frozen food. That's all fine with me, I love their mini quiches, bag of tangerines and mozzarella sticks, not to mention the dark chocolate ginger (oh mama!), red pepper and eggplant tapenade, soymilk and blemish touch stick. Speaking of which, next time you are in there, eyeball their tiny cosmetic area, because i have found some really great deals that are organic, and who doesn't love that. Phthalate-free America!
5	5 stars? What did you think I was going to put?I heart Trader Joe's. Got to love that place. What drives me crazy is people say it is so expensive! I think the place is cheap. (and I am a poor college student) Especially when you look at what you're getting. Charles Shaw ($3 buck chuck, $2 if you're lucky enough to live in CA) need I say more?I heart TJ's
4	I used to live in Scottsdale, but farther north, so I shopped at the Trade Joe's on Frank Lloyd Wright. It was pretty new, in a newer big block mall, near Inn n Out burger, Red Fish, and the Promenade center.This Trader Joe's is farther south, between McDonald and Lincoln, next to the Borgata Shopping center and across from the Hilton Village.It has double entry ramps going up gently from either side to a middle entry door, which is great for those on mobility scooters or wheelchairs. The selection is pretty typical of most TJ's, with nothing notably different or missing. I got a large bag of Pistachios (salted, in shell) for $5.29, and a Very Green Juice drink for $2.29.Pretty good selection of wine here than most TJs. Lots of room for parking.
4	I have an on again off again relationship with Trader Joe's... I love it one day and hate it the next... mostly, I've hated it only a couple of times when I bought a bunch of fresh produce and then waited a day or two too long to eat the stuff and by then, it was bad.  But, Jared's been getting amazing salmon at this location over the last few months, so I am back on with TJ's at the moment...We went in to this location today to stock up the fridge, and $83 later, we came out with 5 bags (eco-friendly Yelp bags no less) filled with healthy grub for the week.  Well, most of it was healthy!  There is always interesting unique foods at TJ's which keeps shopping fun - we went for a few new products from the frozen section on this trip including a curried rice dish called Biryani, frozen grilled eggplant and zucchini, and vegetable shu mai.  I also saw that they have mochi which I love and will likely purchase on a future visit.We made the pecan-crusted salmon for dinner tonight, along with some fresh veggies and rice, and it was delicious!  So, thanks Trader Joe's for all of the goodness that will be fueling me this week... as long as I find no mold or rotten bananas, I'll be back again to see you soon!
5	Magically hidden in an obscure but convenient location, this TJ's is awesome!!We were staying at the Hilton across the street and came here to get some drinks and munchies.Wine?  checkFresh fruit?  checkCheese snacks?  checkAssortment of nuts & trail mix?  checkChips?  checkLastly, Wine opener?  checkOur bill was less than $50 and this included 2 bottles of wine and 1 FULL bag of munchies that lasted for days.  What a great deal & I think it's awesome that it's located right in the midst of fine dining central :)  I frequent our neighborhood TJ in WeHo all the time and I love how all the stores are the same, whatever city you're in!!
4	Time for a TJ update as it had been awhile (9 months) since my last review...Jared and I took a shopping field trip together to this TJ location yesterday, and we must've hit it on the right day because all of the produce we bought has been fresh and flavorful so far.  (Granted, it's been just over 24 hours, but still!)I sampled a pear yesterday and today I had some raspberries, strawberries, carrots, cucumbers, heirloom tomatoes, lettuce, asparagus, and mushrooms.  Wow - look at all of the fruits and veggies I had today - that is pretty impressive, huh?!In addition to the above, we stocked up on yogurt, almonds (i love the single serving bags they sell), goat cheese, eggs, hummus, salmon, bottled water, and cereal... and of course, Jared threw in a couple of bunches of beautiful flowers.So, yes, I'm still a fan of Trader Joe's... I am sure I'll return again soon to stock up again on healthy grub, and by then I may even be shopping for "me and the hub."  (I had to do that... our wedding is less than two weeks away!)
5	I come here for the food and the angry ladies. When I first moved to Arizona, I shopped here and observed one middle-aged woman drive over a second middle-aged woman's foot with her shopping cart in the meat section. The two began to scream at each other and it actually picked up later again on the other side of the store when one caught the other continuing to mutter toward her in the wine section... it was pretty entertaining. The second time I came here, I was called a "slut" by a woman in her twenties in the parking lot who apparently thought I took her parking space. Unfortunately for her, there were three other empties on the other side of my car, which I joyfully pointed out to her, but that didn't seem to stop the steam coming from her ears. All that energy and hatred toward me for absolutely nothing... poor girl.
4	I love, love, love Trader Joe's...great quality food at great prices!!!  It is my fav place to get groceries......My only issue with this location is that it is pretty small and cramped....They are trying to fix this problem by expanding...sooo, until then you have to deal with construction, a lot of people in a small space, and lack of parking......  Looking forward to this project being complete and this location becoming bigger and better!!oh..their mango ice cream bars are gooood...and only 60 calories!The staff has always seemed to be friendly....   One thing I don't like is that a lot of their produce is packaged.....   I can't just buy one or two plumbs....I have to buy four.....
5	Slightly obsessed with Trader Joes. Is it their atmosphere? Is it their economically friendly prices that compete with any other grocer in town? Could it be their friendly staff or their tastings? I am going to go with all of the above. Shop here. It's good for you health wise and body and mind wise. My only suggestion would be to have more samplings and food suggestions. I always seem to find a new organic treat when I shop there. If you are a peanut butter fan, try out "Better n' Butter" -- for two grams of fat you get the experience of peanut butter without the fat -- whether it's a "good" fat or not.
3	I'm not from the area so I don't know if this place just opened or if the area around it is undergoing construction.  However, this location could be better.  It seemed really really disorganized and appeared to be limited in their selections.  I'm a Trader Joes fan so I hope things get more organized after the construction is done.
5	This was my first ever Trader Joe's experience. Now I know why all my mainland-savvy friends list this chain as their most wanted in Hawaii. Fantastic products, incredible prices, great people. Sadly, shipping anything to Hawaii would probably remove any of the freshness and price advantages a Trader Joe's offers anywhere else. But now that I've tasted Trader Joe's, I'll be back.Note: This location didn't have a lighted exterior sign the night I came looking for it, so it took a bit of searching. The entrance to this location is currently under renovation, and that may have been the reason.
4	Trader Joe's is the best chain grocery store ever. I'm hooked on their grape tomatoes, organic baby salad mix, extra firm tofu, Salsa Autentica, and many more products. This location is under renovation, so I'm not sure if that's the reason they don't carry a few of my favorites from other locations, such as the baked blue corn tortilla chips. The staff is always friendly, and the prices are hard to beat.
4	I'm in love. Organic food that's good for you for affordable prices? Yes please. I will be doing my grocery shopping from now on here. The workers are friendly and suggest items without being too pushy and I left with some yummy fruit and veggies for less than $20. Score!
5	We've been shopping this particular store since we moved here over 4 years ago. The crew that works it are always friendly with us, give great service and go out of their way to ensure a great experience for my wife and myself. We love them like family and go out of our way to avoid other stores just for the experience here.We hope you'll do the same. Say hi to Stacey, Catharine, Darla, and the rest of the awesome gang there.
5	The renovation is now complete, and this location now has Baked Blue Corn Tortilla Chips, although they were out last time I was there. If only they could get in some more of that 2006 Hunter Ashby Merlot.
4	As much as I reaaallly wanted to give this Trader Joe's location a 5 star review, I have to say I'm beginning to get annoyed that they are so consistently out of at least 2  - 3 things I'm looking for each week.  And I'm not talking about the new or special stuff, I'm talking about the fiber cereal and milk and turkey lunch meat.  Trust me, I know and respect their business model which prevents them from overstocking items and keeps their produce fresh, but...I think I still have a point.Moving on, I have been shopping at this TJ's location for the last two years (and shopping at the Tempe location before that), and I will continue to shop at this location unless I ever move again.  The staff is amazingly friendly and helpful, and I love how they always walk you to the item you asked about rather than just pointing to the left and saying, "It's in Aisle 2."  Eating healthy, organic food does not have to be more expensive than the traditional grocery store food.  Shop here and see for yourself!
4	I have not shopped at this Trader Joe's in forever. That's mostly because it's kind of a pain to get to since it's in a location I have no reason to go for any other reason. But after today's trip I may come back more often. They have really cleaned up and fixed up this location really, really well. My pet peeve about Trader Joe's in general is that all the stores feel crammed. Well, at some time since my last visit, everything has been moved around, and this store feels more open and spacious.  A great place to shop for groceries.
5	Wishing I didn't live in Utah, now.  I love this grocery store.  Ran into star sports figure, can't for the life of me remember who.  Great food, wine (sorry to see they didn't sell the hard stuff), soaps etc.
4	Great location in Scottsdale.  I found all my necessities here very reasonable.  Fresh fruit, snacks, and others such as Trader Joe's things. (100 calorie chocolate bars, lite kettle popcorn...
4	I am an absolute FAN of Trader Joe's! I could literally espouse their fantastic qualities for hours, but for the sake of anyone reading this, I will keep it short and sweet. Their prices are CHEAP (but are definitely NOT a reflection of the excellent quality of food and drink, etc) Their produce is always amazingly fresh. Their flower section is always stunning (and again, SO cheap it's ridiculous. I bought a huge, potted sweet basil plant for $2.99). Their wine selection is extensive, and full of quality wines as well as quirky brands I've never heard of and can find no where else. The atmosphere is clean and eco-friendly. My only complaint would be the somewhat slowness of the checkout lines. Overall, this place is my favorite place to grocery shop!
5	My favorite things at TJ:Inexpensive wine selectionsDessertsCheesesCoffeesChipsNaan breads (try the curry one if you haven't)Yummy food samplesFlowers and plants ( so fresh)Friendly staffs
4	They have the Amarone wine I sooo love. Wish the store was the size of the one in Atlanta, and this one has most of what I like. so will be going back
4	Oh how I love this store. Cheap good wine, Ginger snaps, and coffee candy is what we bought this trip. The packaged salad was cheaper than the grocery store. Would have probably stayed longer and bought more but we were tired and the store was freezing. It was not even hot outside. Will definitely be back when in town. Denver open one up. It will do great.
4	I've been a fan of Trader Joe's for years now. They have some cool and unusual products and you can always find something new to try. I've been to Trader Joe's stores in several states and in every single one their employees always have a great demeanor and are very helpful. Goes to show they enjoy working for this company.Their produce is good, but I find it a little pricey, so it's not something I usually buy there. Their wine selection always seems to be expanding and you can find some good, inexpensive wines as well. I think their frozen section deserves some credit. Usually I stay away from grocery store dreaded frozen dinners packed with who-knows-what kind of ingredients. Trader Joe's brand of frozen food offers many options with no artificial ingredients and no preservatives. They also have great frozen fish and a wonderful cheese selection. My only gripe is that on occasion certain items are not available for whatever reason. This ends up being dissapointing when I have to make a special trip to get there and they're out of something that I LOVE that only they carry! They get me hooked and leave me wanting more...
4	Let's continue this grocery store tour by visiting Trader Joe's. I've been shopping at various TJ's for years, but this location is very good! It's like walking into a baseball stadium when you have season tickets. Yeah....you know the feeling. You have your parking spot. You walk in, you know exactly where you will go to buy popcorn, a hotdog, a hat, a beer, etc. It's comfortable. You belong there. This TJ's is a lot like that.I walk in, and I know that I am hitting the produce section, then the salads, and so on and so forth. Piggybacking on Lindsey F.'s review suggestion for samplings, I wish this store had more sample options. Sometimes when they offer a meat option like Corned Beef, or Meatballs, they ought to offer something vegetarian. I'm not always in a carnivorous mood. I remember one day when I popped in with my Dad who doesn't eat meat, and he felt left out because he didnt get to sample anything. Sad Panda. Out of respect, I didn't sample anything either. I'm a good son that way.Other than that, I really like this location.What sets this apart from any other TJs? The people. They say please, excuse me and I'm sorry. As I shop, they are stocking shelves and whatnot, and I can appreciate their courteousy. Kudos. Joe would be proud.
5	The employees always ask if I'm finding what I'm looking for, but in a genuine way. Prices are reasonable. I love this place. The products sold are of consistent, exceptional quality and there are many things that I buy here that other grocers cannot replicate: frozen mango chunks, blueberry muesli, pulled BBQ chicken, perfectly prepared frozen meals...the list goes on! There are ALWAYS samples being served.  Whether it's fresh sliced pineapple and French vanilla ice cream, or Swedish meatballs with homemade dipping sauce, or any other amazing product, you can always look forward to chatting with the designated sample-giver. Yes, my friends in Colorado should be very, very jealous of this neighborhood market. They don't know what they're missing!
5	Since their remodel this Trader Joe's has really stepped up their game. I prefer them over all other grocery stores. I often find myself spending less than I would at say, a Fry's or Safeway, and the quality of the food is much higher. Their staff is always eager to assist, and their in-house chef is always creating new meals that are simple to replicate at home. They have a huge wine selection with a great selection of micro brewed beer. If you haven't been yet I highly recommend them over other grocery stores.
5	I love this grocery store!  I wish there was one closer to my house but its okay I have alot of great places in my area too...anyways I have always loved going here for groceries...especially for specialty stuff and I think their frozen meals are the best and second to none!  My boyfriend loves their coffee and I love their hummus!  I love how they set up their stores and its such an inviting and fun atmosphere!  If you like fruit bars try the high fiber fruit and veggie bars they are good for you and they are good!  Their wine selection is awesome too; especially for being a smaller grocery store, but I really like their white wine selection.  Go here and shop shop shop!!!!
5	You really can't go wrong with Trader Joe's.  The staff is always there to help and go the extra mile which makes it a pleasure to shop here... which I do... often.  I happen to have a little addiction to their seaweed snacks (yes its weird, but I love them), and one time I opened them up and there was nothing in the package.  I happened to find it more funny than irritating and mentioned it to them the next time I was in and they just told me to go pick out another package and that was that! If you're ever looking for new, easy recipe ideas the little sample kitchen is a great place to check out.  They are always cooking up something creative and delicious!
5	i walk next door to the borgata after i do my shopping here.i love their frozen edamame and their carrot cake is delicious. i always discover something new. tonight, i tasted their dark chocolate caramel bar with sea salt! amazing!this is a cute blog about trader joe'swww.whatsgoodattraderjoes.com
4	This place is great... parking is so easy since the renovation and of course everything in the store is why I come.  Granted I don't live too far, so it's fairly convenient, but I look forward to as I tend to find something new and delicious every time.  The staff is also super friendly, and typically you'll find the same folks working (a huge plus).If you haven't tried their Falafel and Tatziki sauce, it's a must for any vegetarian or someone looking for Arab food!
4	i always feel so high brow and intellectual when i go to trader joes, even though i'm wearing cut-off flip flops, surrounded by louis vitton toting desperate housewives. actually, i was following my wife around the store like the good husband i am. we bought some wine, some cheese, some peanut butter, some crackers. it was fine.
5	I have shopped at Trader Joe's since 1980 when they used to have a butcher section! I love the quality of their food and their reasonable prices. I've only recently got into reviewing so that's why this has taken so long to write about. I buy the pre-made salads for my meals when I just want to eat something tasty without preparing. The great thing about TJ's is that they come up with interesting food and snack varieties. My latest favorite is the Allsorts-a-Licorice. If you love black licorice...this one has assorted kinds..some as wheels and some wrapped in what tastes like cake frosting...yum!!
4	I love Trader Joes but this one always has the longest check out lines.  Other than that, it's great.
4	I'm at this Trader Joe's quite often. I love being able to walk in and get a couple of really good dinners for the next couple nights, and not feel like I have to buy $100 worth of stuff in the process. Their wine selection is great and reasonably priced, and they offer some hard to find cheeses and other things you won't find at your average grocery store.Their frozen section is the jam. There are great options for quick meals and cool frozen desserts which can be great for entertaining (or just pigging out).It can be really busy at times, and when it is, it will take you a while to navigate the store and check out. While a lot of things are a good value, some things at TJs are overpriced. There are certain things that you are better off getting at a traditional grocery store, which can be frustrating if one stop shopping is your goal. Occasionally, the cashiers will try talk your ear off, but it's alright because they're being friendly. It's much better than the blank stare you get at some stores...You know the one, the "I'm judging all your purchases while scanning them over the beepy thing and just hoping deep down inside that you don't question a price or tell me that something was on sale"...That look.For all those reasons (and likely numerous others), Trader Joe's is great. Definitely recommend.
5	Trader Joe's, You Complete Me! I'm a very loyal customer! Everything I could ever want or need under one roof for GREAT prices! For such quality items I would expect to pay quite a bit- but Trader Joe's is the true exception to the over priced rule. Thank you Trader Joe's for existing!
5	Only Grocery Store I shop!  Great everything with free coffee and a friendly staff.  Do you need anything else than that??Thanks Trader Joes
5	So this is the closest location to my house(which is not that close). But they have so much good stuff. The olives are amazing, the fruit is fresh, the Hummus is terrific and the prices are reasonable. I love Trader Joes. Great place for quality food.
5	Not a supermarket, but super in many other ways.It's hard to find something wrong with Trader Joe's at any location.  Staff are friendly, produce are fresh, and there is always something new to try out.  It is interesting to find a great assortment of orchids here at an affordable price along with your groceries.  It is ironic that over the years these stores don't get any bigger than the size of a Walgreens store.  They will never be a supermarket, but they are super in so many other ways.If you find this useful, funny or cool please check below.
5	There's alot of demanding people, older demanding people at this Joe's.  That being said this is America and many older privilaged Americans don't have a clue about the world; for instance blue berries have seasons along with strawberries and things run out periodically because of increase in demand or lack there of.  I think the staff handles these aspects very well.However, the staff is way to talented to be spending so much of their time explaining this.  That aside, its nice to be waited on by such talented people and the Joe's does a good job of keeping them comfortable there and is always trying to make them more comfortable.hint
4	Like every other Trader Joe's, this one also has a wide variety of products, extremely nice and helpful staff, and provides a great overall grocery shopping experience.  I'll echo what someone below me said - their cilantro jalapeno hummus is the bomb, you have to try it!  One frustration is that I can never seem to find any handmade flour tortillas.  Only handmade wheat tortillas...and anyone who has ever had Joe's handmade flour tortillas know that they are phenomenal for grocery stores!  Pick up some wine on your way out!  There's always new ones to try out.
4	This is definitely my favorite grocery store (Sunflower is a close second). All of their produce is very fresh, they carry amazingly beautiful flowers, and a unique wine selection with all being very affordable. Plus its always a quick visit and that's something I love.
5	This was my first visit on my first solo adventure (Toronto to Phoenix) and there's a salesman named James there that was fantastic to me. Made me feel right at home and calmed my shaky nerves right away. Prices are fair, but customer service will make me go back tomorrow.
4	This Trader Joe's is friendly and offers the same great TJ's products.  What needs is improving is their parking lot!  It is so bad that Insurance companies should charge a premium for folks willing to play Russian Roulette by parking here.  I make a point of parking at the far end of the lot to avoid playing smash up derby with the elderly patrons.  Love the proximity to my home as I will be a regular here!
5	I already love everything about all Trader Joe's, so I won't delve into the minutiae about all that is wonderful about this store - I had a great "customer service" experience at this location today that makes me love this grocery chain even more.I like to make my own Micheladas at home, and when I lived in LA, an employee at the Trader Joe's in Hollywood recommended a beer and the store brand Bloody Mary mix as my base, which I've always been happy with. But an employee at this location recommended a different beer (after my purchase), and sold me a single (even though it's only sold in 6-packs) of his recommendation, and I like it even more! All the employees at this location are always helpful, friendly, and go the extra mile.
5	Love my newTRADER JOE's! Moved to Scottsdale late last year and one of the best amenities is that Trader Joe's is practically across the street!!!! Shop here every week, love the people, the store and the products. I have gotten back to cooking and loving planning my meals with the wonderful offerings at Trader Joes. Strolling around sipping a cup of the coffee sampler of the day, tasting new ideas and products and recipe ideas is my idea of a relaxing grocery shopping experience. My little guy loves it too! The check out staff are so friendly and helpful. Love u Trader Joe's, Scottsdale/PV!
4	You earned a Trader Joes.  Try something different each time you go. Be bold.  The tuna and smoked trout are a great combination for "fish salad" sandwiches.  The marinated meats..not so much anymore.  Lamb fatty and tough and the chicken over saturated.The little mints and chocolates by the check outs are gems. Try one.As every waiter at every $2 dive says, "Enjoy".
5	The staff at this Trader Joe's is fantastic! I stop often for quick trips and I always get great tips while I am in there. As a single girl that cooks meals for one, I can take all the tips I can get! Also, a thing I just learned was that if you are moving, they will set boxes aside for you. Just call the day before and they get 8 am shipments and will have a cart with your name on it when you arrive and load up your car. Nothing to do with groceries, but a great concept to reuse and is hassle free!
5	Awesome Staff and the best Private Label products around!  No other store can compare....Country Italian Salads are out of this world!  End of Review - b/c yeh, they're that good!
5	Well I try to stop writing reviews on businesses that are chains and even though Trader Joe's is a small chain in the west. I have to say I like their products and prices, but what go my attention is the incredible cleanliness of this store! It got a big WOW from my scanners and I guess I just had to say something! Thanks for the apples too! They  were great. Keep it up Joe! Clean as it gets is how I rate this one!
4	They always have what I am looking for.  My only complaint is that the store is soooo busy any time I go.  I guess that is a good thing though.  Staff is always friendly and helpful.They even have tiny shopping carts for their tiny shoppers to push and help with the shopping.  My kiddo LOVES to help and loves to push her own cart.The flowers are top notch, last for days, and I cannot leave without a bunch...or 2 or 3.Produce is fresh and the variety is great.  I love the specialty items they get.
5	I love Trader Joe's! I shop there almost exclusively and will drive 15 minutes out of my way to get my fix. I like that they offer healthy options at such reasonable prices, such as cage free eggs, Ezekial gluten free bread and fresh produce. Just better quality products all around, in my opinion.They also sell a variety of delicious pre-made salads ranging from $3-5 that are surprisingly filling. My favorite is one with Israeli couscous and a spicy pimento dressing. Yum.Staff is super friendly too. :)
4	I just went to Trader Joe's for the first time last night....seriously.  It's smaller than I expected, but in a good way.  I stood just staring at the dried fruit and nuts like it was a maze.  I was approached by a nice employee asking if I needed any help. (I think he could tell I was a noob.)  I came in on a mission for healthy trailmix so I didn't do a lot of exploring.The building was clean and the employees were all very helpful.  Cleanliness is obviously HUGE for a store selling food. :)  I'm looking forward to going back and moseying around for more yummy ingredients.  On a side note, I did notice they had more protein bars in one aisle than I've seen without going to a health food store.  As a first timer, I was impressed!
5	I LOVE Trader Joe's but I especially love this one because it's closest to my house :) I could go on and on and on about trader joes but I'll be really short and sweet. It's delicious, it's healthy, and it's really cheap. Lots of organic options. And 2 buck chuck of course. Huge shout out to one of the dudes at the check out. He is their best salesman. Always tells me some interesting facts about what I'm buying or which things fly off the shelves and that sort of thing. TJ's never disappoints!!! Oh and in the fall the pumpkin greek yogurt is the bombbbbbbbbbbbb.
5	Good food and good service
2	Well...ya...the staff was great!  Very nice and helpful people.  However, this small place crowded store left me wanting more...more space.  Haha. They do have some great choices available that are exclusively Trader Joe's, but I still prefer sprouts for my veggie and fruit shopping.
5	This will always be my favorite place to shop.  The people here are so helpful and they always seem to be in a good mood.  I am hooked on Trader Joe's food, I can never go back to regular grocery stores again!
4	They had my favorite Mushroom Tortellini dish so that makes this TJ's an excellent choice. This is more of the snotty Scottsdale area, but at least they don't let small dogs inside, but still saw a few 60 trying to be 40 year old's. They also have alot of new wraps out now, but salads haven't changed in awhile. The reduced guilt frozen entrees are also good when you are dieting. Parking stinks, but if you park by Walgreen's, it won't be an issue.
4	How could you NOT love this place!!  Tons of GF options and our fav is the guacamole kit.  Can always get what you need here!
5	Favorite place for groceries hands down. There is nothing that I don't like about tj. I love the lay out of the store, the selection and lost importantly the prices, I mean seriously compared to some if the other stores they are half the price! I will always be loyal to tj.
4	Love love love this Trader Joe's. Great prices, great selection.  Love the samples and wine tasting option.  The only draw back to this location is that the parking lot is a death trap.  Horrible to navigate and lacking directions (stop/yield suggestions etc..)
1	Bought the "delicious" Mesquite smoked almonds. Utterly unpalatable!.Guess how much salt/ 1/4 cup ???!!!No, not 1gram (1,000mg.!!!)No, not 2gms (2000mg!!!)2500 intercoursing milligrams !!!! Yes that's right 2.5 grams of salt !!!I bought this item, as featured in their Fearless Flyer-ttl. hype!Oh, yeah, & the almonds themselves...used to seeing healthy ovoid nuts w/ pointy ends like a typical almond. These are the size of peas, greasy peas. Yech !!Thus ends ANY credibility of Fearless Flyer recommendations. This is not to make you aware of new products, but to hype unhealthy inferior slop, in hopes some chump, YOU, will by them, & hopefully not return them. Guess again sphincters ! Mine are going back !!!
5	Okay, I felt really bad for coming here on Christmas Eve.  I flew back to AZ from Georgia that morning, only to realize that everyone wanted to celebrate Christmas at my house, so I had a lot of last minute shopping to do (sorry employees)!  I do want to thank one employee in particular, for going above and beyond in customer service, his name is Dennis.  Dennis was the cashier that helped us at the end of our visit.  I've never seen such a happy worker on a Christmas Eve ever in my life.  He was so happy to help us, and even told us a little bit about some new food trends.  One of the handles ripped from our paper bag, and he happily transferred all the items in a new bag with a bright smile.  This guy has such a positive personality!  I wish that I could just give him a winning lottery ticket for being so kind-hearted to others.  I was really struck with amazement at the total price of my basket full of food; Trader Joe's saved me, because I fed a whole house full of people, and it only cost me $95.00!  I shop here frequently, because I love organic food, and it is reasonably priced here.  Trader Joe's helps make living the healthy life much easier.  When I shop here, they sometimes have free samples, so I can always try something different and yummy while I shop around.  This place is pretty inexpensive for the amazing quality that you get!
5	This is a terrific, non-traditional grocery store.  Their prices, selection and variety are wonderful, and everyone who works there is pleasant - I've never had a bad experience in roughly 10 years of TJs shopping!  This location is an excellent example.They have tonsof wonderful things!!  Most of their products are delicious, inexpensive, often healthy (if you're into that sort of thing - if you want decadent, they have you covered), and, dare I say...fun!  Everything in here is Trader Joe's brand, but if some things seem familiar, it's because they sometimes have contracts with regular brand-name companies and sell for less under the TJ's label.  They have a great vegetarian selection, all kinds of soups (the frozen French Onion soup is vegetarian and excellent), lovely sauces (our favorite tomato sauce is TJs brand!), an amazing selection of frozen hors d'oeuvres, huge stuffed olives, peanut-butter-filled pretzels, a wide variety of chocolate-covered nuts, berries, coffee beans, etc....I could go on for hours...  The wine is great and there are huge bargains (although I have to admit the two-buck Chuck isn't my favorite).  Many a wine-n-cheese night at our house has been inspired by their wine and cheese sample stands (they also have an excellent variety of cheese).    Here are a few bits of advice:  the produce is usually very nice but not as huge a bargain as their other stuff.  The pita bread and some of their other breads don't last very long at all, so plan to eat it right away or buy it somewhere else (even kept in the fridge - we've often had it go bad within a day or two).  They sometimes discontinue items for long periods of time (they haven't been carrying fresh-frozen tuna and swordfish, or meatless meatballs lately - all standard weekly fare at our house, so quite a painful loss).Ready...set...shop!!
4	Great grocery store! I go in and get their fresh food for dinner all the time. They have a great organic selection and dried fruits.
4	Trader Joe's is so much better than Whole Foods in every way. Their prices are unbeatable. And the quality is outstanding, so much better than Whole Foods!They have a fair selection of Organic food & products (that are affordable), and their packaged Trader Joe's label products are non-GMO. Plus, they have a great selection of fish and they have independent testing done to see if it meets their standards for no mercury, no antibiotics, crowding and etc (but I think that is only for certain selections of fish). They have very responsible products and minimal ingredients without all the chemicals and by-products.Check out the website for more info on it.Every time I need something and think WFs will have it - being that they are so big - they don't; and I find it at Tjs every time - even though they are smaller!I do wish you would start carrying a larger selection though; And I wish you had courtesy ice.
4	I like this Trader Joes b/c you have kosher meats. The checkout people are very nice. I love the greek grape leaf rice balls. So good. I like the organic vegetables. The sour dough bread is good. The frozen food is really impressive. So many of them are really tasty and it seems like someone is really testing these before they are sold. Unlike other grocery stores that sell everything even if not good. In the frozen food section the frozen pasta dishes are good. the Chinese rice is good. the artichoke spinach dip is delicious. I wish they would assure us that their food is free from GMO...like label their foods. As i would buy more if they were labeled. GMO is not safe. And i don't want it in my foods. So i wish trader Joes would label their brand.Also i wish they would not get food with Modified Food Starch which i found out through my practitioner that this could contain GMO and plastics.I won't touch their sushi b/c of all the chemical additives..which is a bummer.  All in all i like this place. If it had GMO labeling it would be even 1000 times better.
5	I LOVE Trader Joe's.  The store is small so unlike Whole Foods, I don't have to spend an hour finding everything.  I'm in and out pretty quick and the staff is so friendly and helpful.  No complaints!
5	Where else can you fi d an employee in the aisle checking the items, rearranging, adding, taking inventory and willing no, happy to expound on his/her knowledge of TJs products? No gmos. Low salt chips? Try these. They're my favorite. That was Jimmy. It was like this is my store. How can I help you? Thank you Jimmy! There there's Catherine acting just like Jimmy in another area of the store. Then there was another lady putting out stock in the lotions dept. Thsnk you for the great ideas for using some products. You all make TJs the best place to shop!!!
4	Oh Trader Joe's, I love, love, love ya! From your super fresh produce, beyond beautiful flower/bouquet selections, plethora of cheap cheeses and unique tasty snacks and treats, this quaint grocery is just so, so much fun! And then (drum roll please...), the greatest thing ever: Two Buck Chuck! This little Canadian girl just can not get over the concept that a bottle of vino can cost a couple to Loonies! And seriously, it's not bad. Not at all.So next times you are having a patio party or any other soiree in the PHX area, stop into a TJ's for fabulous, fresh food and and drinks that won't break the bank. Yo Joe!!
5	I love this trader joe! First, all trader joes are amazing with their prices. $3 for an amazing Greek salad?...SOLD! This one however is always clean and has exceptionality amazing staff who are always happy and in a good moods, and who are always willing to help!
4	I love Trader Joe's for the selection of healthy (well, healthier) organic foods at reasonable prices, my wallet thanks you,But in order to keep the prices "reasonable" they never overstock meaning one week you go and purchase the Gone Bananas and the next week - well, they have Gone Bye-Bye. So it's a hit-or-miss at times, but there is always something else to try. Another bummer is their seasonal items, like their dark chocolate sea-salt caramels. WHY must you only be available in December?! Oh, yeah, so I don't gain 300 pounds in two months, gotcha. Thanks TJ!On the positive I love their packaged refrigerator section with a wide array of salads, chicken dishes, marinated ribs, other "heat and serve" dishes, and sushi. It's great to grab and go. I love the Grilled Balsamic Vinegar and Rosemary Chicken, the flavor is wonderful, I end up getting one each time I go in. Another positive is their frozen foods section which I something I usually avoid in other grocery stores, but for some reason I love peruse here. There are lots of delicious meals to choose from with quality ingredients, you know, the ones you can pronounce. I also enjoy their wide array of frozen fish, some are already marinated that you just thaw and throw in the oven for an easy dinner. Thanks TJ!While this store (well, all Trader Joe's) are small and get busy quick, I've never have to wait long to check out. Trader Joe's seems quick to take action on opening up another cashier if the lines. Which is weird, because other grocery stores only deal with it when the customers have to ask them to call another cashier (seriously, what's the deal with that, its common sense, right?). Thanks TJ!
4	I'm not what most would consider a hipster but I'm down with what Trader Joe's has to offer. I come here for Frozen Blueberries, Fresh Strawberries, and some of their oven style frozen pizzas. Pretty good concept if you ask me.
4	I love this store! The people are friendly and the selections are very good. Sometimes... just a few items that I can't find, but otherwise FANTASTIC and very close to home.
4	This was my favorite market. I liked so many things they offer it was a dangerous place to shop. Employees were both proud, warm and helpful. Prices were good! I greatly prefer it to Whole Foods and Sprouts, neither of which do I like  Prices for a fairly good cheese selection are truly affordable. Last night I went to a Chandler TJ and purchased a number of good cheeses to give as a gift. It is a danger zone for me and I got a few for myself. My size said no but my pallete won.
5	I love this store because it's the only time I feel like an adult. It makes me want to eat healthy, cook more often, do good in the world. You might have to fight for parking but it's worth the traffic jam here. This location is popular but staff is willing to assist in the most friendly possible way that you want to kidnap them to hang out with. The produce is always fresh. And who can resist the wines they have available? My faves are the Caretaker Pinot Noir and the Villa Luna Pinot Grigio. OMG both under $20 so you have more reason to drink to your fine health. You have to blockade me from the frozen/dessert aisle because I'm THAT girl who bought all the chocolate bon bons, green tea/pumpkin pie mochi, and the toffee chocolate popcorn. Who says you can't find happiness in the freezer aisle?!?!! You can't walk out of here without picking up fresh flowers. Boys have no excuse when you can grab tulips for under $6 otherwise, treat yourself and it's almost as good as that Starbucks but lasts longer :)
