4	i was at a conference last week at the pointe squaw peak and we saw this cute little eatery & decided to give it a try! I was very pleased!! i went there with some colleagues and we all ordered different things - the service was great, very quick & the server was on top of things! (funny too!!) i ordered the lunch special - salad & pasta - the salad was crisp & fresh with golden raisins and a great dressing. the pasta was perfectly al dente with a pink sauce & sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts & olives....my co-workers were pleased also - the pasta rustico was filling and loaded with chicken, the meatball subs were just the right size on great bread with lots o meat & the caprese salad is served with pistachios!! yum!!babbo is well priced (lunch specials are $9) and a quick bite of good (if fairly traditional) pseudo-italian eats! cant wait to go again :)
5	This place opened a few months ago within walking distance of my condo.  I never ventured in until last night, when an out of town friend took me to dinner.  It was Monday night, and they had a $5.99 spaghetti special that I didn't even know about.  The place was packed when we arrived, and the decor is quite nice.  The ambience was good as well, with muted conversations all around us.  We were seated quickly and the service was quite fast, especially considering the crowded nature of the place due to the special.  We ordered an appetizer of special egg rolls ($7.50) filled with steak, chicken and ground beef.  The steak one was the best, but all of them were great, and the spicy sauce for dipping was amazing.  The little salad on the side was a nice touch as well, along with the standard roasted bread they bring for free, served with oil and vinegar.  Yum...yum.  We both ordered the special and it was really quite good.  The meatballs were pretty good and much better than Buca di Beppo's nasty meatballs.  There was a little too much sauce, but at least it was slightly sweet and tasty.  The pasta was cooked perfectly, and overall this is one of the better dining experiences I've had recently, much better than The Old Spaghetti Factory I went to Sunday night with some friends.  I give it an A- and will be back with more friends soon.  Very soon, in fact.
5	I've been meaning to try out Babbo and finally did this past weekend with 2 friends. Their menu is extensive so we asked the waiter what he would suggest. He quickly came up with different dishes that he thought we may enjoy. I ordered a salad, my boyfriend ordered the meatball sandwich and my friend ordered a pasta with a side of meatball. All were delicious! We also ordered the dessert (fried dough balls with ice cream and whipped cream). That was equally as delicious. The restaurant has great decor and friendly staff. The food was great. The prices were reasonable. I'll be back again!
4	This is a really enjoyable addition to the neighborhood. I used to spend my friday nights here when it was Nick's 24/7 pizza. There used to be punk rock shows all the time. Babbo did away with the old floorplan completely and turned it into a really nice little modern neighborhood spot.I sat at the bar alone and had the penne with pink sauce, garlic, and chicken. It was a ginormous bowl of pasta for $10 and I think I may be one of the only ones who could actually finish it. VALUE. It wasn't super low quality crap either. It was decent food. They also include your before dinner bread and olive oil. All and all with an iced tea it was $14 including tip. It's a solid place and the staff was very friendly. I had conversation with three staff members while I was there and they all seemed happy to work where they do. Happy staff = happy customers.
5	I was at a Bridal fair last month when I sampled some pasta from Babbos Italian Eatery. The sample was god enough to peak my interest so we came here for a casual Saturday lunch. I had the lunch combo (for $9) it included a side salad and a personal pizza. I got the Mista salad which had a ton of deliciousness; mixed greens, mushrooms, olives, pepperocini, mozzarella and balsamic vinaigrette. It was a big portion size for a side salad. For the pizza I had the Bianca pizza which had ricotta cheese (one of my favorites), tomatoes, spinach and rosemary. I love Bianca pizza but some places make it greasy or put some crazy white sauce on it. This bianca pizza was delicious. This is a great deal for lunch because I barely ate my pizza so it was like having 2 meals for 1. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back to for lunch or to try one of calzones.
3	I'm not a big fan of Italian food, but I was craving pasta and pesto and my daughter wanted mac n'cheese.  I'd driven by Babbo many times so figured we'd try it.  Home run!  The bread they bring to the table was fabulous!  Nice start.  The staff was very nice and quick.  My daughter loved her mac n'cheese and I had a tasty steak and pesto dish.  The noodles were a little al dente - and I'm a mushy pasta girl.  The steak was tasty, the pesto was quite good and I had adequate garlic breath when I left!I will go back to try something else there - their menu was quite large and had some interesting appetizers and dishes.  And their wine list looked nice too!
4	This area is severely lacking in sit down restaurant choices, so this was nice to see a sit down place going into the old Nicks 24/7, especially because it seems to have taken them 1200 years to get this place open...I had actually thought they had pulled out it took so long.The menu here is large.  The pizzas are yum.  The pastas are nice.  They have this italian sandwich which is absolutely divine!  I just wish the sandwiches had more side choices.  You get a bland pasta salad at lunch or fried zucchini chips at dinner which are nice when fresh, but if left too long before hitting the table they are cold and floppy.  I have found the salads to be hit and miss.  Their tiramisu is totally delish!  And anyone that knows me knows, that if the tiramisu doesn't impress I am hard pressed to come back.The service here sways between attentive or absent, guess its just the luck of the draw.  The prices are right, and if you sign up for their monthly newsletter you get some pretty nice bargains.
3	This is the Pei Wei of Italian food, except you get a waiter.  No, it's not the best restaurante in town, the food is quasi-fresh but it's quick and fills you up.  They have a great menu selection, services was great and the prices were ok.  Maybe it's me, Italian food was meant to be romantic and you want to see some Italian running the joint with a name like Luigi or Papageorgio.  This place was far from that...
5	I've been coming into Babbo regularly for a couple years (I went to the Cave Creek location before this one opened), and have always been completely satisfied.The menu is large, with plenty of pizzas and pastas to choose from.  From the pizza menu, it's hard to choose between the traditional choices like the Sicilian or meat-a-ball, and the more interesting varieties like the chicken alfredo with spaghetti baked on top of the pizza - but I think my favorite would have to be the barbecue chicken pizza.  On the pasta side of the menu, there are a couple dozen great dishes, but the new three-cheese mac and cheese with bacon and Italian sausage may just be the best thing on the menu.Service has always been great.  Everyone is friendly, and there's a casual atmosphere that makes you feel right at home.  There seems to be a lot more "regulars" here than most places I go to, which says a lot about a place.
3	I must say after the mixed reviews I was pleased to form my own opinion. Babbo's was brought in for catering today. I tried a bit of everything, cuz that's how I get down! I'm stupid like that! Spring mix salad - spring lettuce mix, red onion, Feta, golden raisins, pine nuts & sweet vinaigrette. Sounds yummy no? I liked it, the flavors were a good mix. I would have liked the vinaigrette to have not been so sweet cuz ooooooweeeee it was sweet. More pine nuts please I know they are pricey little number but I only about a dozen. Otherwise a solid salad. Chopped chicken salad - Mixed greens, mozzarella, salami, cucumber, tomato, grilled chicken, pepperoncini with balsamic vinaigrette. Solid salad prefer the dressing on this one much more. I like the chunky strips of salami as well. Italiano sandwich - Genoa salami, ham, capicola, tomatoes, pepperoncini, provolone & Romano topped with fresh mozzarella, romaine lettuce and Italian vinaigrette served on fresh baked foccacia. This sandwich is delicious the foccacia was peppered the mozzarella is very fresh, this sandwich itself gets 5 stars! So freakin good!Smoked Turkey sandwich - smoked turkey, provolone, cucumber, tomatoes Italian vinaigrette on foccacia. Not much to write about here could have used more turkey and maybe a nice roasted red pepper to jazz it up a bit. A solid sandwich. Pasta Rustico Baby Spinach, Ricotta, Garlic, Fresh Marinara and topped with Mozzarella. Served on Penne. This was nice the pasta was overcooked. Creamy Mushroom and Asparagus Creamy Garlic Sauce, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Mushrooms, Asparagus. Served on Penne. This sauce was very flavorful but again the pasta was overcooked. Pasta Valducci Artichokes, Kalamata Olives, Sun Dried Tomatoes, and Garlic, in a Pink Sauce. Served on Penne. Sounded really tasty, but fell flat on the flavor. You would get bursts of artichoke, then olive or sun dried tomato but this sauce never came together. If you got one of the key ingredients it wasn't awful but if you didn't it was very bland.The catering was last week, today 08/02/10 I ordered on my own. ***Warning***** The following needs to be described much differently....Steak 'n Blue Salad Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes, Walnuts. Thinly-Sliced Rib Eye Steak*, Sauteed with Mushrooms, Mixed Peppers, and Onions. Topped with Blue Cheese in a Sweet Vinaigrette.This salad sounds awsome. I'm thinkin ribeye med rare blue cheese deliciousness! Wa wa wa THIS SALAD IS GROSS! It is the thin Philly steak! Also the dressing is not a good match and the walnuts really threw it off. They need to call this a Hot Philly salad with walnuts and blue cheese. UGH! What a dissapointment. Can you imagine eating a philly steak and someone adds lettuce and walnuts and then a sweet like syrup dressing on it yuck!
4	Yay I'm a fan of this sandwich! Italiano sandwich - Genoa salami, ham, capicola, tomatoes, pepperoncini, provolone & Romano topped with fresh mozzarella, romaine lettuce and Italian vinaigrette served on fresh baked foccacia. This sandwich is delicious the foccacia was peppered the mozzarella is very fresh, this sandwich itself gets 5 stars! So freakin good! There is something delicious happening here. The salt and pepper of the meats and cheese blend just right. THIS SAMMY WILL MAKE YA SLAP YA MAMMY! Split it with a co-worker for lunch oh yay!
2	Popped in here today for lunch, joined by Mike C., to give the place a try & take advantage of their $5.99 Monday & Tuesday lunch special, which they advertise on a billboard, but not in the restaurant.  I didn't care much for the atmosphere, as the building is wide & thin, with windows most of the way along the front & no blinds...  light glaring in.The special is a fairly generous serving of thin spaghetti & 2 large meatballs, & it was ok.  We also received an adequate serving of warm, sliced Garlic Toast, along with a saucer of olive oil + ? dip (pictured).This place was passable at the special price, but I certainly don't think it measures up to, say, VinciTorio's, & I would have been quite dissatisfied had I paid the menu prices to eat here.  In any event, it's not a place that I expect to return to, so 2 Stars.
3	went for lunch here today with Rand H. we both had the spaghetti and meatball special that you have to know about before you get there because its not on the menu or any signage. Well it was ok , nothing to write home about Rand thought it was a generous portion but I could have eaten two easily. So i will just say a-ok and give them 3 stars.
4	For what it is, this place is pretty decent, its like a fast food Italian place, only you sit down. So not really fast food...but its no upscale Italian eatery. We ordered the artichoke, shrimp and crab dip to start. It should just be called artichoke dip, as the shrimp and crab was very lacking...maybe 5 little bits in there. I ordered a Mista side salad and it was soooo heavily loaded down with crap, sometimes less is more! Now, the dinner was pretty tasty! I got the roasted Brussels sprout and pancetta pasta, heavenly!!! Though i wish they would have put MORE Brussels sprouts and less pancetta, but over all pretty decent. We enjoyed it and will probably go back again.
3	I've put off trying this Italian chain for quite a while, because I am super spoiled rotten - my hubby makes amazing, authentic Italian food at home, so my discerning palate is usually disappointed when trying to have it somewhere else. Last week, I finally broke down and came here - I ordered the flank steak salad. It was really good, although it was a bit heavy on gorgonzola (I can't believe I just typed that... there is NO such thing as too much stinky cheese!). I loved their focaccia and dipping oil, too. My only complaint was that the 'small' salad size was still too freaking big, and I wish I had tried the new roasted brussel sprout and beet salad. That one sounds really tasty... so, next time. :)
5	I went here the day it opened and thought it might be just another Italian place..and now every time I go I check in on FourSquare! It's totally addictive..the restaurant...I love their inexpensive Monday-Tuesday Spaghetti & Meatballs. Their onion bread with basil is really great..they even have a little bar. I go here once a week; the staff is super nice. Say hi to Tim the Manager cause He is always a charmer!
2	I'm not sure why everybody seems to like this place.We went late Tuesday afternoon and had their spaghetti and meatball special.  The service was pretty lame.  There wasn't enough spaghetti and it was swimming in way too much, very acidic sauce.  The meatballs were good, though.What really gets me, however, is upscale Scottsdale prices in what is really a neighborhood bistro.In summary, way overpriced for not really great food.
4	Lunch special is the best deal.  Pizza with Salad or Pasta with Salad.  You should defintely try their Mista Salad and their penne pasta with asparagus and white sauce, it's delicious.  Their pizza is also good, my choice is the margherita.  Service is good.
3	While I'd like to give it more stars, I just can't for two reasons:  The food was delish but not memorable and it's a chain.Upon entering we noticed the atmosphere was a little mixed.  Meaning the decor is a little cold, but the employees were very warm and inviting.  We decided to sit at the bar.  We started out with the Firecracker rolls.  Interesting and not bad.  A little on the bland side.  We split one of the Neapolitan pizzas, which was also not bad.  The service was friendly.  This location (16th St.) seems to have quite a few regulars as they were popping in and out throughout our stay.  If we are in the neighborhood we might try it again, but there are so many good restaurants in that hood...
4	Nothing fancy here, but a recipe for success that seems to escape too many restaurants.  Good food, generous portions, and reasonable prices.  Don't misunderstand me--this isn't fine Italian cuisine, but is American-ized Italian food.  That isn't bad by any stretch, but don't expect something else.  Having said that, they execute on that strategy very well.  The location is nothing fancy, but that isn't why you come to eat someplace like this.  We're not far from here, so we get takeout about once a week.
4	I give the 4 stars based on their brussel sprout, beet, and goat cheese salad because it was unique and very, very good.  And, their foccicia bread that they served while waiting for our food was warm, soft and very tasty. However, it feels too much like a semi-fast food chain - and the others at my table didn't enjoy what they ordered.  They complained that the pizza was weak.I'd go back, just for that salad.
4	Everyone who knows me, knows I love Italian food. Babbo was really good. Definitely not the best I've ever had, but when you have great service, great food and a great ambiance then it is a winner. I felt so comfortable at this restaurant. I felt like I was a regular my first time. I had the spicy penne and Adam got the alfredo. Both were very good. The pasta was cooked well and the sauce was savory. I had a bloody mary that I will say just slipped by my picky bloody mary radar. I would easily go back to eat here. I would eat here often if the was one in North Phoenix.
4	M and I stopped in for lunch today.  The set up reminded me of a CPK.  The server was awesome...  He was there checking and making sure everything is good.  I like!I order the creamy garlic chicken pasta (Roasted chicken, creamy garlic sauce, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes served on penne).  Very good.  And the portion is fairly large.  I should NOT have tried to eat all of it.  Now, I can bearly type or think (FOOD COMA).  It is Friday and what the hey, I ordered a Dreamsicle (A dreamy orange cream soda mixed with sprite, mandarin-orange &vanilla syrups, and a splash of cream.).  It was good....They also serve a complentary bread (warm, sliced, garlic, & red onions).  I do not know if we were hungry or it was GOOD, we had a second plate.  LOL!  We dipped the bread into the olive oil and balsamic vinegar mix.  YUM!
5	Been here a few times, and haven't been disappointed at all!   Servers have always been friendly; this past time there, the GM (I'm assuming) came by when we were done and took our plates.it was actually a busy Friday lunch crowd, so nice to see their attentiveness to their guests as well those waiting for a table.I am in love with their Brussels Sprouts and Pancetta Pasta Dish, it has some spice in it as well, but it's basically brussels, pancetta, pasta in olive oil and Parmesan..yummy..The bread served is yummy, I think it's better than Olive Garden's! And it's served with olive oil and balsamic , great way to start the meal. They do have an happy hour special, that's next, but it's not over priced for a good plate of pasta, salads, or pizzas..so enjoy!!
3	I have eaten at this Babbo location twice. Each time the service has been outstanding. However, the food is just ok. Only seconds after I was seated, I was given a huge plate of bread sticks. They were delicious, and I loved the balsamic and oil dipping sauce. I ordered a glass of Sangria. I was not that impressed with it. It tasted like it had been poured directly from a bottle of the cheap Sangria that you can buy at CVS. The Caesar's salad was okay, but as I ate it I found several pieces of wilted and brown lettuce.I went to Babbo because I was craving spaghetti and meatballs. The meatbalsl were delicious, but the tomato sauce seemed very bland. The food was not bad, but it just wasn't anything spectacular. I will say that the portion of pasta and tomato sauce was huge. I had enough left over to make two full meals. I would go back to Babbo, but I am more likely to go to other local Italian places like Spinato's or Oregano's instead.
4	We usually eat there every Monday. I used to get the spaghetti and meatballs special, but got kind of bored with it. The mac and cheese is great; the best pizza is the mushroom/sausage/pepperoni.I was very disappointed with the manicotti when I ordered it. And the buffalo chicken "sandwich" is interesting, almost like a flatbread taco.
4	My wife had traveled to Phoenix for work and her coworkers took her here for lunch. She said we would have to try it if we were ever in Phoenix. So, on our way home, we found ourselves about five minutes from this location... perfect chance to try it.She knows what I like, bless her heart, and I was not disappointed in Babbo.They start you off with soft focaccia bread, which, when it's 2:30 in the afternoon and this is your first meal, does not last long. Olive oil and balsamic vinegar are poured on a plate for your dipping pleasure. Very good.Daughter #1and I had the pizza and salad special. We both got the Pepperoni, Sausage and Mushroom pizza. I got the Mista salad and she got the house salad. The only thing on the salad she did not like, was the golden raisins. She picked them out and put them on my plate... I was happy to oblige. You could see them in the kitchen tossing pizza dough, so we got nice, fresh pizza. My daughter announced, "this is the best pizza I have ever had". I won't go that far, but it was really good.Daughter #2 - Fettuccine Alfredo (I think she must have cream and parmesan cheese coursing through her veins by now). was enjoyed thoroughly.Wife - Pasta Martini (their version of Penne Vodka) was her choice. She enjoyed it, but the addition of Kalamata olives was slightly odd. She said it was overkill and seemed like they did not belong.I liked the ambience and the price was fairly reasonable. Babbo seems to be a Phoenix chain. It would be nice if they would expand into an area near us. I think I would be a regular.
5	consistently yummy!!! I frequent Babbo quite often..quick lunch with the hubs...take out for dinner, dinner with my ladies. Everything is always good. Bread and oil check...pasta check...MR Pibb check!! I like their special deals on monday and tuesday for spaghetti and meatballs for $6 cant go wrong!
5	Best salads ever! I've also had the curry dish and it wad good too. My sons Alfredo had a not too much garlic in it but he keeps ordering it so it must be ok.
4	good taste & good portions...I ordered the chicken & artichoke calzone ate half (more than enough for lunch) and took other half home.  $10 well spent
4	Large portions of good food, well-prepared, with friendly service at a reasonable price.  Not high-end gourmet Italian, but everything is done well.  My daughters could live alone on the bread that comes with every meal.  The roasted asparagus appetizer is a big hit.  The individual and family size pizzas are excellent.  Creative pastas and salads.  We've never had a bad meal here, and there's always leftovers.
4	It's tough to impress an Italian girl with Italian food. Babbo Italian Eatery left an impression and it was "molto bene!" The ambiance at Babbo Italian Eatery was cool and urban. It's a dimly lit restaurant; one that's good by day, but I suspect better by night. They have a nice little patio which was a bit noisy (too noisy to hear my favorite band emanating through the speakers!) but that's to be expected at a busy CenPho intersection. I imagine even cool winter nights would be pleasant on the patio warmed by electric heaters. And for what it's worth (I think the ladies will back me on this one) I was very happy to notice the restroom was clean and attractive. I ordered the Steak and Pesto Pasta (flank steak, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes and pesto over penne and topped with shreds of Parmesan and basil.) It was colorful, flavorful and plentful...so much so I could only finish about half. It was slightly on the oily side, but that's par for the course with pesto. The meal also came with a nearly-warm herbed focaccia along with a "not-too-heavy" oil and "just-the-right-amount-of-kick" balsamic plate for dipping. The service was fast and friendly; the server even chatting me up for a few minutes. He's leaving Arizona soon so I hope the other servers are just as personable on my future visits. For today's visit, Babbo Italian Eatery was "squisito"!
5	My sister dragged me here with the kids but to mu surprise everything was awesome!!!!The valducci pasta with chicken was amazing.. it had olives artichoke hearts with penne pasta and a creamy tomato sauce!Mmmmm my mouth is waterin wishing I kept some fr lunch today.The service was very good.. we had 4 kis with us so that's no easy task, server was all over the bread and drink refills... Thank you I will be cming back!
3	First time here.... After reading Yelp reviews for 30min at dinner table I choose to order both the 'Pasta Martini' and the 'Pasta Rustico' just to try both. Hands down the Pasta Martini did circles around the Pasta Rustico!! Martini wins b/c of the Vodka sauce. It's smoother. I also really enjoy the flavor of the olives! Yum yum Very very yummy bread served with balsamic to dip. So now my diet starts tomorrow- definitely tomorrow, so I can fully enjoy off my movie w/ buttered popcorn & diet DP!
4	This place kind of rocks a whole lot. They give you as much free delicious and warm bread as you want with balsamic. My brother had them cater his wedding and the food was quite good. I went there last night for my mom's birthday and the food was equally good. I got the pasta rustico and it was tasty, but would benefit from some basil or something. The BF had the turkey sandwich and it tasted very fresh which was good. My mom had the chicken in creamy garlic sauce with pesto added and it was delicious! So rich, but so tasty. Everyone enjoyed their food and the service was great. I'll definitely be back here again.
1	Food was okay.  Balding manager didn't greet us at door. All the employees seemed absolutely miserable there-especially the manager.  What a depressing mood in this place.
4	Went for the $5.99 spaghetti and meatball special.Was a long-ish wait, but not too bad.Food was good. The garlic spread was delicious, and the bread was very good, and plentiful.I'd probably go back.
1	We dined at Babbo's in Phoenix twice this month.  We really wanted to like it, but were very disappointed each time.  The first night, one of our entrees was made inedible because of overwhelmingly burnt garlic.  We're generally easy-going, but could not even manage to gag it down.We tried again a few nights later, and ordered take-out pizza.  When we got the pizza home, we discovered that it had been burnt almost black across 90% of the bottom crust.  We ended up scraping off the upper dough and topping layer and leaving the crust.  The crust was so much like charcoal even the dog wouldn't eat it.I cannot recommend that you spend your restaurant budget on this place.  They obviously don't care at all about the quality of their cooking.
4	Good food good service
4	Awesome food at a decent price.Stopped in today for dinner because I've never been and Olive Garden is too far to drive in rush hour. Glad I stopped by! You get a free foccacia bread (freshly baked and very light and fluffy) with a olive oil/balsamic vinegar dip. We got a side of the garlic hummus also and it was awesome. I got a calzone with meatballs, bacon and extra cheese for $11 and it was HUGE and delicious - their mozzarella is very smoky and balanced with the two meats, it was perfect. It came with a side of marinara but was also good with the hummus spread. Service was a little slow as the place got busier but that's to be expected. I'll definitely be back.
5	One of our favorite places to eat! Especially after a good hike on Squaw Peak. We always get the spring mix salad and some kind of pasta. Lately it has been the Roasted Brussels Sprouts & Pancetta Pasta. And don't even get me started on the bread......
5	My husband and I love this place.  It is so close to where we live, that when we decide last minute that we don't want to cook, we more than likely call Babbo for carryout.  It is best on Mondays and Tuesdays because they have spaghetti and meatball for $5.99.  They are huge portions too.  It also comes with garlic bread, which is really good.  Sometimes we split 1 and are completely satisfied with that.  I also had the Pasta Rustico, which was really good as well.  We've never dined in though, so I can't really say what that experience would be.
5	My favorite pasta place in Phoenix. There is a great variety of pastas here, not just the "typical" spaghetti, lasagna, etc.  I think their pricing is great too, with the average dish price being $10.  I personally love the brussel sprout and panchetta pasta, and can't get it enough. The decor of the place is very nice and contemporary and the bathrooms have always been very clean. I can't wait for the Chandler location to open, then I'll start going ALOT more! ;)
4	Babbo's is fast becoming a fave stop for me and my husband especially on Monday and Tuesday when they have their $5.99 spaghetti special!  It is a smaller venue but we usually get there early enough that it is not an issue. Still working our way through the menu but so far everything has been great. They make their own pasta on site and you can def tell the quality. The spaghetti has a bit of heat to it which is a nice change and there are almost always leftovers for lunch the next day! Service hads always been prompt and friendly and overall its just a nice, comfortable joint to go and relax and know you are gonna get some great food consistently. What else can you really ask for?
5	Tasty Italian.  Yes, there's definitely the feel of the chain Italian place that it is, but if you're in the neighborhood and you're in the mood for pasta, this place will satisfy your craving for noodles and sauce.I had the Pasta Bolognese, and my wife had the Chicken Lemone.  Delicious all around.  Top that off with bread (perfect for dipping in balsamic vinegar or leftover sauce), and you have a satisfying meal.Service was friendly too and the ambiance was pleasant.  I'm always in the mood for good priced pasta, and Babbo gave me what I was looking for.  If you've seen their billboards and was wondering what they were like, I can vouch for their good taste on multiple levels.
1	First off, We only came here because of the Yelp Reviews.I had a bad feeling once we walked in the door, and regretted not walking out almost 5 minutes after sitting down. We were seated right away. They were not super busy. Once seated we waited for about 10 minutes before being greeted by our server. The server was very awkward. He said Hi, I guess I am your server tonight, as if we were expecting someone else. The waiter had no knowledge of the menu. We got our salads, which were amazing, we waited a while for them too and we got them before we got our drinks. I ordered a Red Wine and the server brought me a white wine. I knew if I said anything it would just be bad so I walked over to the bar and swapped it out. We got our pasta and it was amazing. I had to ask for fresh pepper, it was not offered and the girl did not ask anyone else at the table if they cared for any, which of course they did. The food was great, but it looked like a cheap chain with great food. No candles or flowers on the table. I felt like Gordon Ramsey would be popping in anytime. I cannot complain about the food, because it was great. It looks like they hire a bunch 16 year olds with no food industry training. Their employees' need training and it should help the dining experience. Ordering out would be the best plan for this place until they get their act together.
4	They had us @ the apps!  The only problem about this place is everybody around got bread and for some reason we got shorted. Other than that great food, great drinks, and great atmosphere.   We will be back!
1	The bread was terrible. The pasta tasted like tomato soup. It should not be listed as an Italian restaurant!
3	If you're looking for authentic Italian food, this isn't your place.If, however, you're looking for an alternative to the other well-known American/Italian eatery, give this place a shot.  It's a bit more "snazzy" and the food is good quality. Prices are in line with similar establishments.
4	I've ordered takeout from Babbo several times and actually dined-in on a couple of occasions as well.  The food is good (not authentic Italian but good), the portions are generous, and the online order option for take out is super convenient.  Their calzones are my favorite!Every time I have been in there, whether its picking up a take out order or dining in, I have always experienced super friendly and attentive service.  Once I placed an order online, had the hubby go pick it up and he managed to come home with the wrong order!  I took it back, explained the situation - they were super apologetic, found our order, and refunded our bill to boot for our trouble.  That is stellar customer service in my book.
5	Love it
5	Great value for the price.  I got 2 meals out of $15 spent.  Family friendly environment with great customer service.  Join their mailing list for awesome loyalty specials.
2	I will start out by saying that I wasn't impressed. When we went it was dinner time and there was a short wait. Our food took a long time to come out, the waiter wasn't very friendly or accommodating. Yes it was dinner time, yes it was busy but not busy enough to warrant how long it took. Once our food arrived my meatballs were luke warm, the chicken in my fiancee's alfredo was dry and bland. My mother in laws drunken shrimp was pretty different but tasty. I love Italian food, but the food was mediocre and not up to par for what the establishment represents. I don't think we will be returning.
5	Babbo Italian Eatery is a cute little Italian restaurant. The restaurant itself looked modern and cozy. The service was awesome. Our waiter checked up on us numerous of times and was very friendly. Now for the food, OMG what can I say. I love Italian food and love pasta. I could eat any type of past for one week straight! It was my very first time eating here, I was really hungry and didn't know what was good on the menu. I decided to play it safe and order the "Alfredo Supremo" which was a white wine, garlic cream alfredo sauce over a bed of linguine with chicken. It was filled with flavor and was yummy to my tummy! The bread that's served as a complimentary appetizer was awesome as well. I really recommend eating at Babbo's if your in the mood for tasty pasta dishes!
5	Had lunch here today. Staff was friendly and attentive. Great place for some quick Italian eats. Pasta is always very hot and their marinara sauce has a nice acidic flavor which I like. I would recommend the classic spaghetti and meatballs. The portions sizes are reasonable but not huge. For pasta it's a great pick. Pizza's are pretty good as well.
5	Normally wouldn't give that many stars to a chain type place but I am blown away by their customer service and attention to detail.  I emailed to ask about their gluten free cooking practices and they answered back quickly and with great information!  I feel safe eating here based on what I've been told and have seen.  As of this writing, all of their sauces are gluten free.  Their chicken is marinated in a soy based sauce that may or may NOT be gf so be forwarned!  They cook their gf pasta in it's own water as opposed to plopping it into used regular pasta water (which means it's no longer gf and is a way some restaurants which serve gf pasta do it, so be careful and ASK!)The pasta and the sauce was fresh and flavorful.  The bread smelled divine and I was totally bummed that I couldn't have any!  The service was good and our food came out fast!  I will be tripping around this menu for sure!  Awesomesauce!
5	the first time i went to babbos was the one on 67th and the 101, and my experience was ok, not the best. But tonight, we went to the one on 16th street and it was absolutely OUTSTANDING!!! There were sooooo many choices of pasta that it became difficult to choose! You're gonna want to try them ALL. Anyway, the pastas we got were incredible, but im sure they are all delicious! and that bread and oil and vinegar they bring out is AMAZING. that was my favorite. Overall, food was wonderful.Service, you ask. THE BEST! our waitress, Jessica was amazing. She was a delight! She was on point, checking up on us frequently, keeping up with refills, and even getting personal with us. She is SO sweet. We LOVED her. She definitely made our experience better. So if the manager is reading this, GIVE HER A RAISE!!! ;) we will defintely be requesting her. Want italian and great service? This location babbos is your spot!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! My cousin and my best friend (see above review) went here tonight and had such a wonderful dining experience! I think they hooked us right from the start. Our waitress brought out fresh, warm bread with a balsamic vinaigrette and olive oil dipping sauce... oh my! I knew I was going to eat waaayyyyy too much, but I didn't even care! We were trying to pick which pasta we wanted (such a large variety) and everyone was so happy with their selection when the entrees came out (but of course, mine was the best.) Try the Supremo Alfredo with shrimp next time you stop in! We also had a chocolate chunk cookie (with ice cream) for dessert and that was unbelievably delicious.As much as I love their food, the service was even better. Our waitress, Jessica, was just a ball of sunshine. She was so so soooo sweet and constantly checked on us and made sure we were okay. Craig, our bartender, was just as amazing! He is so funny and such a delight to be around! I have cravings for Italian food ALL the time, but we always went to different Italian spots... never again! Best service and food I've had in a loooong time! 5 stars any day!
4	accidentally found this place during our AZ visit (while looking for mcdonalds).saw that they have good Yelp reviews so hubby and I came down here on our last night of vacay for dinner.the menu was pretty large which was good.drinks were also served -we had caramel apple cocktail and was very glad to have 'em.our server (forgot his name) was very nice and helpful.  made our dining experience really good.we had the "egg roll" and they were goodhubs ordered the mac n cheese-- very rich but otherwise tastywhile I had the cajun pasta-- spicy yet good.the portion size was really hugeprice was goodtoo bad I don't live close by
5	They say you can judge a place by how good it makes a simple spaghetti and meatballs. Well, if that it the case, then Babbo is an Italian classic that knows that it is doing. I came with my party of 6 on a MOnday night for the $6 spaghetti and meatballs. We had a reservation and were seated promptly, despite the place being packed. The nice warm bread that is served is like crack - and to make it like heroin - order the hummus dip. It is to die for. Our spaghetti dinners arrived, as did our side of alfredo sauce. We all love to mix the alfredo in with our tomato sauce - makes for a creamier sauce.It is some of the most delicious spaghetti and meatballs that I have ever had, and had enough to take for lunch the next day! I am looking forward to going back and have had the food there twice. You can't go wrong!
3	Average food, average wait service, good happy hour. Staff can be dizzy. Take-out has been a better experience.
4	People are so nice at this location. Very friendly and accommodating. I love the bread here. Food - very mediocre but at least you know what you get.
1	I wish I could now give this place 0 stars. After my initial review of Babbo Italian Eatery I was told to contact them through an email address that they provided. I did and received no response. I then tried to contact them through a Yelp message directly, and still no response. I am now completely and utterly disgusted with Babbo for the severe lack of customer service and neglect of their customers. It was one thing to have a negative experience and state that I (may) never go back, and be contacted by someone from their establishment who "claims" to want to rectify the problem, only to be ignored. So for anyone who loves Italian food and wants good, quality service with delicious food at a great price, try Red Devil. Here's there website: http://www.reddevilrestaurant.com/
2	The service was outstanding. The food not so. My "firecracker" (wontons fried with fillings) were so overcooked they were hard and like rubber, the burn taste ruined the meal. Good service and great coffee but I will stick with Macaroni Grill.
5	Me and my family absolutely LOVE this place! We have been to all of their locations and continue to go since 2007. We will be going this Monday for their $5.99 Spaghetti & Meet ball plate. It's a huge portion and it is ROCKIN!! I usually order their spring mix salad with my spagetti. For lunch I get the spring mix salad with roasted asparagus, it's so good. Oh, I almost forgot, all you can eat bread and olive oil & vinager. I'm pretty sure the bread is home made and I usually have them bring the olive oil & vinager in seperate plates. My kids put grated parmasean on the side of the plate and dip it in the parm after the wet it up. This really is as close to home made that your gonna get, as far as I know, except maybe Bucca Di Beppo's, I love that place too!
5	Quick service food has its own great taste very nicely surprised
4	Never had a bad dish at Babbo. The prices are fair and the staff is nice. It can get very busy at peak times. It is best to go on off nights or off hours to avoid the crowd.
5	Thank you to all the staff at Babbo Italian Eatery!  The catered meal on Thursday, March 7 was a HIT!!!   On time and just as we ordered.  Both the Mushroom Asparagus pasta and the Pasta Rustico were scraped from the bottom of the pan.  The Spring Mix salad (my personal favorite) and Chopped Chicken salad were enjoyed by my group, and then shared with those who were lucky enough to find a little left. And add it fit into our restricted budget.  I have already been asked to put you on our list of "keepers" for future functions.
4	Babbo had a great atmoshere and the food was good. The waiter wasn't as attentive as i would like.
5	We had purchased a groupon a while back and realized it was about to expire so we'd come in for dinner. We weren't expecting much since we're always seeing billboards for $5.99 pasta on Monday's and Tuesday's. How great can a place be if they sell pasta for that price? Well, it was amazing!!We both ordered off the chalkboard menu, my bf got the chicken and I had the portabella mushroom. Between my margaritta, the bread, our salads and a decent size portion of dinner, I had left overs. He doesn't normally have a hard time deciding what to get but he kept flipping back and forth since there are soooo many good options. I'm hoping they run another groupon soon, we're coming back regardless but it would be nice to save a few dollars =)
4	The food was great for the price. Upscale pizza. Their asparagus and mushroom appetizer was fantastic as soon as I added some balsamic vinegar. Their bread is wonderful and every person in the front of the house was smiling and ready to serve. Great management.
5	Visited this place for lunch and it is outstanding.  They have great lunch specials for $9 and you cannot go wrong.  I keep coming back for their Pasta Rustico and Caesar salad.   My friend had a roasted veggie salad that she loved.  What's better?  They serve the BEST foccacia bread ever.  It is homemade and comes out warm.  If only I could have a glass of wine at lunch, it would even be more perfect.  How does this problem get solved?  Order some  bread to go and stick it in the microwave for 30 seconds before serving.  YUMMERS!!  I HAD to bring some home to my #1 to try and we froze it.  When we were ready for it, bring it out to room temperature and then nuke for 30 seconds.  Life is good with their bread and some wine.  It doesn't even need the EVOO and balsamic but pretty darn good as a nice little treat.  Okay, marinara sauce makes for some awesome dipping sauce as well.Their parking lot is challenging during peak hours but well worth maneuvering.  You'll find the walk back to your car after a meal at Babbo a good idea so this, too, is good if you have to park across the lot.Good service and only wished they would open a site in Las Vegas!
4	My first time at Babbo, after hearing a lot of great things. I must say I wasn't disappointed. The atmosphere was okay; nothing too exiting, but it was nice and clean. The service was prompt and attentive. I dine alone quite frequently. Often times, i experience a "set it and forget it" attitude from my servers. One they set my food down, they forget about me until its time to pay the bill. My server made sure i had refills, my food tasted good and just a general quality check before dropping off the bill. I had the stuffed manicotti with sausage, and it was great! I just wish they had oil and herbs for the bread, because I don't like balsamic vinegar, but that isn't a deal beaker. I will definitely be back to Babbo, with friends or alone.
4	I am a self proclaimed Italian food snob and am always hesitant about trying new places.  I was there with a group of friends who ordered the Toasted Ravioli appetizer, which were placed on a ladle full of their bolognese sauce. First thing I did was get a spoonful of the sauce. I am pleased to announce that it got my approval. As for my meal, I had the sauteed white bean and arugula salad with shrimp....yummy!
1	Any place that calls itself an Italian eatery should have a freakin Chicken Parmesan sandwich or entree on the menu. Nowhere in sight.  Enough said. Get a clue Baboo or take off the "italian" part off your name please.
3	Love the Monday night special of $5.99 all you can eat Spaghetti and Meat balls! Very tasty! We were able to get a seat pretty quickly. Drinks came fast. Food was good!I think they cater too. if you are looking for some simple Italian past and a glass of wine, Babbo is great!
5	Babbo Italian Eatery has the best spaghetti I've ever had!  Monday and Tuesday it is only 5.99!  Their meatballs are to die for.  If you want some damn good spaghetti go to Babbo's on Monday or Tuesday, you will not be disappointed!The bread and olive oil are amazing too!
5	Whether you just want a quick bite or a cozy, somewhat romantic dining experience, the food here is UNREAL!!!! Not only is it healthy, you can be a meat-eater or vegan--doesn't matter, everything is so tasty and you get SO MUCH food for your dollar! Service isn't super-quick, but the people are so nice and you shouldn't be in a rush if you go here anyway. Thank God for this place!!
5	This is a great place! A nice elegant vibe to it, they have a huge menu of all sorts of Italian dishes. The service is always top notch. The sauces they use are uncomparable.
3	Babbo's is sort of hit or miss for me, as far as the food goes. It's my sister's absolute favorite, so I've eaten there more times than I can count. On some visits, it's only so-so, but I've ordered some dishes that have truly been awesome. The mushroom and roasted green bean pasta? A MUST!!I love starting the meal with bread and oil and vinegar and the service is always good. I will continue to accompany my sister there with no complaints :)
4	Very good food, nice atmosphere, especially for being in a strip mall. Will definitely go back. We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast. The only problem, that was really our problem not theirs, is that they separated the bills but added 20% tip and failed to tell us that. They received a lot of money that night from all of us since no one caught it. They need to let you know that even if they split checks, any party of 6 or more will be automatically added tip. My husband got the speg & meatballs and I ate lighter with just the grilled asparagus which was also served with a delicious side salad. Wow. Bread was great, can't wait to go back.
3	great eats, even if you don't get the all you can eat spaghetti. Had the arugula and white bean salad plus two penne pasta dishes. Both very good. Good Italian food in a nice atmosphere at decent prices with good waitstaff.
4	Great food and friendly service, atmosphere lacks an Italian feel.  I went here on Sunday evening.  Its not a large restaurant, its clean and well lit.  First though walking in was though it was modern and minimalist.  Didn't speak Italian to me, so I figured would wait for the food.  Our first round of drinks was a little watered down, but didn't mention anything as my blue mojito seemed removed from the world of Italy.  When they brought the food, though it spoke wonderful Italian.  We had the aspargus with parmesan and mushrooms to start.  I am no fan of mushrooms, but these were great.  Buttery, not too chewy, and just right.  My ex and I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs.  Portions were just right and the sauce was perfect, not too thick and perfect in its tomatoess.  Food was brought out fairly quickly.  I look forward to coming again, my only impression leaving was with the interior, it felt kind of like the Pei Wei of Italian, just lacking the red trademark Pei Wei lighting.  Maybe they can substitute yello or blue and make it trade mark Babbo.
2	First timer! I had the creamy mushroom & asparagus pasta added with shrimp pretty good. On the other hand we had to wait a really long time for what....pasta because it was backed up in the kitchen this place isn't even that big!! Now the bad thing is I work in the restaurant business (sous chef) this was a bad experience and waitress needed alil more training (lil unprofessional.) Maybe one day we will be back until then..not any time soon.
3	It's a nice place for the prices, clean and good atmosphere.  The staff is friendly and the service is good overall.  The bread and olive oil is always a treat to get and it's hot and very good.I went there twice to get the spaghetti special and that's the only thing I don't recommend since I'm not a big fan of red sauce.  Normally it's not a problem but their dish is swimming in sauce and there was also water at the bottom of the bowl from the pasta.  Turned into a bit of a wet red sauce mess.
4	Pretty interesting concept of a comfort semi-fast Italian food.Nice, small, comfortable setting, clean and with good friendly service.I had the portobello mushroom menu with a salad (mista) and the mushroom topping.Everything was good and at a decent price.Mental note: Next time ask them to use less EVOO in my dish.Cheers
1	I'm writing a review to remind myself to never come back. This is one of the higher rated places in the area so we decided to do a takeout. I ordered the portobello mushroom dish with a side of Caesar salad. 1) it can well be a personal preference but I'd like the gills off the mushroom. It just looked unappetizing. 2) the salad, which was supposed to be vegetarian, came with some special protein: a fly.  It was wet and looked mixed in with the salad so it probably came from the kitchen and somehow got trapped in the food prepping process. Not gonna go into what happened after I found the fly, but I think that's enough reason for me to never come back again.
4	This is really one of my favorite places to go now.Lots of calories, but very good meal and for a very low price. On Monday and Tuesday they have the Spaghetti and Meatball Special for just $5.99.Best deal in town, I think.Bread is great, and I also really like the salad. They make it the Italian way. Really good! HeheeePizza here is really good as well. Nice crust with great cheese.Every time we come here,I always leave happy. {Parking is a bit tight) so be careful out there. Nice clean restrooms.
5	Great food! Mon and tues they have a spaghetti and meatball special that you can't beat, just be sure to go early as it's sometime hard to get a table
1	Service was slow, overcharged for beverages and food is overpriced and mediocre. It wasn't even busy at the time of evening we came. I'd much rather go to Carraba's for the same price. The service is always on point and the food is exceptional every time. Done with Babbo.
4	We really enjoyed Babbo!  We came on a Tuesday night, which is apparently $5.99 spaghetti and meatballs night, so it was super busy.  We took a seat with no wait on the patio and really enjoyed our experience.  The service was great - friendly, professional and efficient.The menu was huge...so many great selections to choose from.  The food was great!  I tried the chalkboard menu of grilled chicken topped with tomatoes and feta with grilled veggies on the side and a side salad to start.  I ate every last thing on my plate...it was that good!  I also enjoyed a raspberry vanilla Italian soda...love that they serve these and they do it right!  We will definitely be back!
2	Food was good but the staff was sluggish, will just take out next time had the 12in pepperoni and bacon. Can't ever go wrong with that
1	My wife used to order takeout from this place and I thought it was pretty darn good.  The last two times I have been here were far from satisfying.  I will only review tonight's offerings...The lady ordered some formation of pasta in a cream base with bacon and mushrooms.  All of the bacon was of the soggy, flaccid variety amount to chewing soft fat.  I actually don't mind when that happens as I will just skip past it but it grossed the lady out.  I ordered the pasta puglia and the pasta was either ice cold or pretty hot.  Kinda reminded me of when I used to warm up leftover Olive Garden after a night of drinking in my college era.  I possibly would have sent it back but I noticed the 6 waitstaff busting out the sidework at 8:00pm.Oh yeah, they also ran out of bread?  What?  How the hell would you have made my sandwich if I would have ordered one since that is approximately half the menu.  I'm assuming they meant the bread that is designed to bring out the table and they do not have a competent enough chef/microwavist to modify the bread selection on the fly.Personally, I will pass.  Feel free to give them a shot on $5.99 pasta night.  Makes you feel a lot better when you spend that than when you shell out 10x that amount on a few drinks, cold food, no bread, and soggy bacon.
1	My Review is based on "TO GO"(I live just 1/2 mile)   I ordered Chalk board Menu "Roasted Chicken" with Wild Marsala Mushrooms,  Garlic Cheese Crostini (Appetizer) and three Tiramisu.  When My "To Go" was ready 2 out of 3 of the Tiramisu were missing.  After showing the Cashier, twice, the receipt  with 3 Paid Tiramisu I continued to wait 15 minutes at my Hot Items expense.   Finally the Cashier brought me the 2 Tiramisu.   The Roasted Chicken was terrible.  My expectations of delicious Roasted Chicken was crushed.  I received 1 small, thin, dry piece of Chicken.  The Chicken and Vegetables were covered with Rosemary needles which overpowered the Meal.   The complimentary Bread is also heavy handed on the  Rosemary.  The Appetizer Crostini was extremely greasy and is a waste of money.  The side of Marinara was missing as well as the Utensils tjat I requested twice.   On the other hand, the Tiramisu was delicious.     I emailed both the General Manager and  Manager about my disappointment on December 27, 2013.  They have yet to return my email or phone call one month later.   I would only return for the Tiramisu.
3	My daughters love the italian drinks and bread.
4	Drea is that best bartender around. Good conversation and always has a great smile on her face. Great food and great service. Love this place
5	Great lunch,  great staff, and CLEAN!
5	In February,  John (Management) contacted me about my TO GO Meal and review.  He made everything right above and beyond.
4	I remember going there to eat a short while back. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and was not disappointed in the least. The portion was generous and the price was reasonable. The waiter was courteous and friendly. The food was delicious.
5	Come here every time we come to Phoenix for spring training. Love the food and the service is great they are very attentive and the price is perfect for a family of four. They always accommodate my kids well which is always a plus. Only thing I wish was that they had crayons or drawing options for the kids, they do get frustrated without that. Had the 16in pizza and their crust is amazing. And their steak and pesto pasta plate was also very well executed. Stake cooked perfectly and my favorite part the Parmesan shavings....yum!
3	Stopped for lunch with my daughter she had the spaghetti and I had the calzone. HUGE servings! The food was good but honestly have has better Italian. Staff was great it was a good experience will come back for lunch again.
5	Great place. Good spaghetti.
4	Babbo's food is quite good and the menu is big enough to come back over and over without a repeat (if you choose that strategy).  Take-out here is speedy and the food travels well to be served at home which is always a plus, granted we're only 4 minutes away.  My only gripe is the dining room comes across a bit too "cafeteria" which could be solved with very small tweaks!  Overall, a staple in our household.
5	Very cute little restaurant that fits well with the neighborhood. I ordered online tonight because I saw they had gluten free pasta available. I arrive 15 minutes later as my food was just coming up. The bartender was extremely kind and seemed to have a great attitude. She was a shorter girl with brown hair. She packaged it up quickly and I was on my way. I arrived home 30 minutes later and my pasta was still piping hot! They cooked the gluten free pasta perfectly in my chicken Alfredo. I love the added vegetables. The only thing I would change is the chicken was very chewy, too overlooked. I'll be ordering again!
5	We decided to try this location because we were in the area and love the Babbo in the Cave Creek area so much. It was a smashing success. As with the other location, we got there early to take advantage of the happy hour and sat at the bar. Our bartender Andrea was phenomenal. She was very friendly and attentive.  Our food came out hot and fresh and was delicious (as always). If you're in the area, be sure to check them out.
4	We just love this chain and this was our first go at this particular location, since we live closer to the Cave Creek one. Arriving around 5:15 p.m. we were a little ahead of the rush that happens on Mon & Tues since it's their 5.99 spaghetti and meatballs nights.  We sat at the bar, which is the norm for us.  Our waitress was Andrea and she was wonderful!  She greeted us right as we sat down and took our drink / food orders shortly thereafter. The spaghetti was good as always!  The atmosphere at this location is a little more contemporary than the one in Cave Creek and is about half the size, but they both have a very welcoming feel to them and all of the staff members are friendly.Overall: A Good spaghetti, friendly staff! When in the area, we will be back here without a doubt!
4	First time here the other night. The food was really good. We both had a pasta dish and the flavors were great. The bread you get before the meal is delicious.  Not really feeling much of an Italian vibe from the restaurant but the food makes up for it. If you want good fresh Italian food at a reasonable price this is the place to go. There is no need to ever go to a chain Italian restaurant when you can go here. They also have good happy hour specials!
2	This cute Italian Eatery just lost my business.  I'm a stickler for service and this place just totally turned me off.  Let me first say, I do enjoy the cuisine at Babbo and have enjoyed dining there frequently.  However, despite how many times you gone there you must be sure to get on their email list. Otherwise you aren't part of the "Babbo Family". Somehow I missed the opportunity and perhaps that was my oversight.  Getting to the point... I walk in with an email promotion forwarded to me by a friend offering $25 extra dollars free for every $25 in gift card you buy (up to $100 value). Great promo, I'm thinking...I eat here all the time so why not get one for myself or gift it to someone special.  The hostess asked for my print out but I didn't have it being that the details didn't specify it was required.  Then instead of asking if the email was sent directly to me from Babbo, she takes my phone trying to investigate herself.  Then asks if I'm part of the Babbo Family.  It was a very disrespectful way of making one feel excluded.  In short, the gift card promo needs to be improved if they plan to run again.  Perhaps including in the fine print that it's only valid for the email recipient, those on the Babbo email list (aka part of the prestigious email "family").  Also, if printing is necessary, then say so.  I'm in the field of project management inclusive of marketing and feel like this was a failure for a place I once adored. Too bad.
5	I am an avid Babbo's enthusiast. I have been frequenting for 10 years at the original location and come here about once a month. They have a wonderful happy hour.Everything I've ordered is delicious. The garlic hummus is divine; pizza, salads, pasta and sandwiches all good.  All food travels well to-go. I would highly recommend!Join their email list! Emailed specials are seldom but  are great! :)
5	I don't typically like chains, in fact I avoid them, but a co-worker raved about a Babbo salad. The roasted beet & brussel sprout salad with goat cheese is outstanding. My husband and I split the salad, next time we will each get our own. I ordered a pasta dish with a shrimp which was also good. They give you an ample amount of shrimp which is not the norm for most restaurants. The 5 stars is for the salad. Overall, I would give Babbo 3 stars.
5	I go to the Baboo in Mesa (Signal Butt & US60). Gone several times and I am always satisfied. They have Awesome garlic bread! The spaghetti and meatballs are soooo yummy. I decided to try it since we came on a Tuesday night and that was the special. I was pleasantly surprised! The meatballs were huge and seasoned perfectly.  Spaghetti and meatballs are $7 on Monday and Tuesday nights. The stuffed portobello mushroom is yummy. I husband always gets a pizza and is very satisfied. We have had excellent service every time and the atmosphere is very charming. Perfect for date nights on a budget.
3	I came here just after the weekday lunch rush on my lunch break. I am always looking for new places to try, especially Italian and this is not too far from work. I honestly thought it was a fast casual kind of place but it's a sit down restaurant. Service was slow; it took a long time for someone to come up to the host stand to seat me, yes I came alone. After being seated, it took almost 15 minutes for someone to take my drink order. I was told bread was on its way but I never got it. It looked really good though because every other table around me had bread. I went with the $9 lunch special, which is a salad and pasta (select menu). My Caesar salad was very good but was hoping to be offered fresh cracked pepper, which didn't happen. I waited about 15 minutes for my pasta after I finished the salad. Pasta portion was perfect for lunch. As a tip, if you want to add meat, you're looking at $4.25 for chicken, more for seafood. I just got the pasta without the meat. My waitress really wasn't attentive and had to ask another waitress for a drink refill. She did, however, get me a to-go drink. I don't know if she's new but she seemed very nervous and jittery. Overall, I really enjoyed my food just not the service. I would probably come again but order it to go or even try another location.
5	BEST ITALIAN FOOD AROUND. Very decent prices for good quality meals. I recommend to all my co-workers and they love it as well.I recommend the 3 cheese Mac N Cheese; a little spicy, but delicious!If you're looking to sit at the bar for an alcohol beverage, look else where. It's a more family diner environment and they only have about 6-8 bar seats.
4	This place has some of the best salads! My favorite is the Roasted Brussel Sprout Beet Salad. The bread is very tasty as well. I'd also recommend trying their Firecracker Roll with Steak. Their online ordering is very convenient. Their pasta's are alright, I've had better pasta though.
5	After dinner my boyfriend said, "I feel like I walked in, I laid down, they shoveled amazing food in my mouth, then rolled me out the door." Yeah, amazing!! The meat sauce was a bit meaty for my tastes, but everything we ate was incredible, and the prices are just as amazing!! I especially enjoyed the bruschetta choices, as well as the apple calzone for dessert. They truly won me over by having authentic Limoncello, which is an uncommon find in the states. Yummy!! I'd recommend this place to everyone!!
5	Had lunch here today. The bread before lunch was fantastic. I ordered a mista salad and it was perfect. The mac and 3 cheese was amazing. A little bite to it with sausage and bacon. Our server Andrea was superb. She was helpful with the menu, friendly, and even gave us water to go. If you are in the area make sure to stop by you will not be disappointed.
5	Just a great place.  Food is consistently spot on - no matter what you order.  Pastas, pizza, salad.  It's incredibly difficult to decide because everything really is 'that good!' You can't beat the prices either and the wait staff has always been great.  It's nice to know that no matter when you go or what you order, that you're going to have a pleasant meal.    Can't decide?  The roasted brussel sprout and beet salad is something that, once you have it, you'll CRAVE it!  The spicy green bean salad is pretty awesome too.  The Asparagus and Mushroom pasta, pizza, bread, rustica, chicken limone, ... all pretty darn good.
5	I eat a lot of Italian foods and Babbo knocks IT out of the park! The server did a great job. Highly recommend the pesto bruschetta. Chris the manager was very welcoming and you could tell he wanted all of his customers to receive excellent service.  We will be returning again most definitely!
5	I just ordered take out but the Italian sandwich was awesome and the chicken chopped salad was huge.
5	Everything was delicious- not a single item in our 6 group party was less than amazing!
5	Babbo is an amazing Italian restaurant.  The food is fresh and delicious. The manager Chris is very friendly. The staff is attentive and knowledgable. The restaurant was very clean. The overall atmosphere was very welcoming and enjoyable.
3	Salads are good here. However ordered a a stuffed Portobello minus the meat and got lots of meat.
5	Babbo always hits the spot when you're looking for good wine, food, and service (in that order, wine over errythang). Dishes are flavorful, served hot, and well priced.
5	Love Babbo so much, that they catered our wedding! Their salads are amazing. I am obsessed with the Spicy Green Bean Salad and the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Beet salad. Not to mention THE BREAD!! Love love love Babbo!
5	I love this place! Great prices and even better food. I try something different every time and am never disappointed.
4	My family and I had diner here in mid July 2014.  It was surprisingly good!I had a jones for some spaghetti with meatballs and this place came to mind.  When we arrived I was shocked it had any seats available on a Friday at 5:30 PM.They had a good happy hour menu of appetizers and a good selection of beers.The service was friendly and prompt.The best part of our experience is the food came out quick and it tasted really good.The manager came to our table and asked how things tasted.  More importantly she seemed genuinely concerned.  I LOVE WHEN THAT HAPPENS!I'll be back!
5	Babbos deliver thru 'grub hub'
4	Service is consistently good.  Orders are right and food tastes good.  Small location so often a wait and TOGO orders there is no real place to hang out other then the bar (which is quite small) overall a good choice and love there spagetti specials for the kids
5	Came to Babbo today with my girlfriend for a lunch date.  I have never been, but have heard good things about the place.  They do offer lunch specials, but I craved something a little different than what they had on their lunch menu and ordered the 'Creamy Garlic Chicken Pasta'.  Instant hit!  The sauce was delicious, the penne pasta cooked perfectly and there was an abundance of chicken.  I thoroughly enjoyed my dish.  Babbo is approximately a 20 minute drive from where I live and it is worth it.  I look forward to trying their other dishes.
5	I love babbo. I flund this place a few years ago abd told everyone about it. I went there today with a good friend. I got there earlier then i thought i would be the waitress came over right away offered me amazing bread abd got my drink order by that time my friend got there. We chatted abd ordered the shopping mix salad with extra feta, that they don't charge extra for, are in like 5 seconds cause it's amazing. Then e got the pistachio mozzarella, omg amazing. Or food was perfect, the service was amazing.. My friend and i stayed for a while and didn't feel pressured to leave and felt very welcomed and just lived the experience as usual!!
4	My boyfriend brought home his leftovers which was one of the sandwiches from Babbo. As soon as I had it, I had to go to the place where they served this deliciousness. The focaccia is probably the best bread I've ever had. It's fresh, warm, soft, perfectly seasoned. It was great with just olive oil and balsamic vinegar, and also on the chicken Caesar sandwich which I had without the buffalo sauce. Zucc chips are nice change of pace but unnecessary with the amount of food that you get.They were very, very busy on a Sunday for lunch but the staff was friendly and helpful.
5	I must say I love love love the meatballs.  On our bimonthly dinner outing with my mother, we picked Italian and she suggested we come to Babbo's as i am always reluctant to try new Italian places because of my Italian heritage has set the bar really high, and most Italian seem to disappoint.  I must say Babbo's did not disappoint me.  We came on a Tuesday night which is spaghetti and meatball special night, and all though the restaurant was very busy, I feel the service was great. As busy as Scott (our server) was he was very attentive.  Scott was knowledgeable of his menu and of the restaurant. Great job, cause he was able to accommodate my demanding mom. We did not know of the special before we came, and as we where being seated I notice a lot of people had "the special"  I ask our waiter if it was the special and he told us on Monday/Tuesday nights that's what the special was.What I noticed about "the special" was the meatballs were huge, and the spaghetti had an ample amount of sauce in and on the spaghetti  which I love, because it all about the the sauce.   which was a very simple great favored sauce.      It was so good I got 2 additional "specials" TOGO.I have to be honest after finding out what the special was I did not look at most of the menu, but the pricing seemed very fair overall. And i guess i will just have to go again to try other dishes.I gave 5 stars because my overall experience was great.The only compliant I have is the add on salad is $3.95 and is super tiny. And it is a reach out to management to make the salad less expense or make it bigger.    I am glad to see that they have location in the northwest metro phoenix area since we live in the southwest area of metro phoenix.   If you would open in the Goodyear/Avondale area I promise to become a regular
