4	My friends and I were craving some preserved egg and pork congee so we stopped by Red 8 in the Wynn hotel. I liked the Asian-inspired decor with its red latterns giving it a 1930's Shanghai art deco flair.The congee was delicious as were the other dishes we ordered --sauteed string beans in XO sauce and green onion pancakes.Red 8 is red hot!
1	After hearing so many good things about the Wynn I expected more from the food at this restaurant, and the service really sucked. They sat us right in front of the place in the restaurant and pretty much forgot about us. I had to turn around and flag the waiters down twice for refills and then again for the check. This was strange as the place was pretty dead.
2	We had a strange experience here.  The tables have a black stained wooden border that rubs off on your arm, your shirt or whatever you rub against it.  My arm was turning black!  We asked for and got another table and explained the problem.  They moved us to another table with the same problem and then seated someone immediately at our old table!  Don't wear nice clothes to this restaurant!  This happened around May 2006 so I hope they've fixed the problem by now.
5	Steve Wynn imported the best  chefs to staff his various restaurants in the Wynn Hotel. Have not tried them all, but the dim sum and pad thai at Red 8 are memorable and worth many visits.
5	I've eaten at Red 8 three times now. This place is awesome. It's so difficult to find a restaurant that serves Kong Xin Cai! Since this is my favorite vegetable (the hollow-heart vegetable) I always get that. On the menu it's labeled as "wok-fried water spinach, preserved bean curd." So that's what you're looking for.This most recent time I had the curried Singapore rice vermicelli with shredded pork, shrimp, egg, and bean sprouts, as well as the wok-fried chicken in black bean sauce. I always share family style with a coworker. The bill is always $70 something, and I always use the corporate credit card. It's one of the few "casual dining" options at Wynn, and still obscenely expensive. It's all relative I guess. This place is relatively shabby as far as Wynn dining options go, only because they do not provide complimentary royal princesses from third-world vassal countries to massage your hands with slightly heated polished rubies every time you have to strain your fingers by cleaning your pasty pasty mouth with a wetnap made of a thousand dollar bill infused with a mixture of 1938 Clos du Mesnil champagne and the sweat of a virgin king cobra. If you look at it that way, this place is a shithole.I will continue to eat here anytime I get the chance.
3	It is probably a 3.5 star place, but here is my review.  The location is nice, not too pretentious, but you can be, if it makes you happy. It seemed to make some of the people there very happy to feel pretentious.  The food was very solid, the broth on my won ton noodle soup was nice and light, and the won ton were flavorful and made of good ingredients. My Fiancee's potstickers had very good filling, and dipping sauce, though the skin thickness left for a little debate.  The satay was well cooked, and the sauce was decent, though a little lacking on flavor.  The service was a slow, and a bit rude. Now, the question is,... is that what you should expect from an Asian noodle place, or were we applying Western standards to the place that shouldn't have been applied? We'll have to see if we ever return and pay the high prices for decent food.  It's cheap for the Wynn, but not for the rest of the world, and the food is solid...just mediocre service.
3	Dim sum was pretty good.  Get the shrimp/mushroom selection.  Dim sum extended menu not available every day, I believe only Mon-Fri.  It's chinese food, so slightly oily, but I did love the chinese broccoli.  Espresso was very good and I like the presentation (comes with candied sugar on a stick).  A decent lunch choice.
4	My friends and I were pleasantly surprised to run into this little gem after being told the Wynn buffet wait was 45 minutes!    I had been craving some sort of Asian Cuisine after a drunken night at one of the clubs and  I passed a Chinese restaurant on the cab ride back to the hotel.  They had a nice drink selection...I wound up order a pineapple mojito!  Sounds weird to have a Cuban drink at an Asian restaurant.   We ordered two entrees and two appetizers and shared them between three people.  The shrimp won tons were the best!  Definitely check it out while you are in Vegas!  It's worth it:)
3	We were greeted by an exotic and beautiful looking hostess that clearly looked like she hated her job.  The top of the entrance had plates and utensils in a circular pattern placed into the ceiling, which was neat.  Growing up near Alhambra, Monterey Park, and Chinatown, I have had my fair share of Cantonese food and Dim Sum.  In my opinion the flavors of Red 8 are a lot lighter than ones from here in SGV area.  All the dishes I had were good but light, and my theory is that the lighter flavors are meant to cater to those who don't eat Dim Sum on almost a weekly basis.  I must say, however, that the texture of the foods were very good.  We ordered five dim sum dishes, abalone fried rice, and Peking duck.  It was definitely a nice change to experience the lighter flavors, but the price was a little high.  Well, maybe I have just been spoiled from the dollar dim sum dishes here in SGV.  And it is Vegas, so everything is overpriced.If you are looking to eat something light, I would recommend Red 8.
3	Red 8 is Wynn's informal Asian restaurant, open for lunch and dinner.  It serves a variety of Southeast Asian foods: Malaysian satays, Japanese noodles, Cantonese noodles and, on weekends, Hong Kong style dim sum.Wynn Las Vegas has an array of excellent restaurants - all of them expensive.  Red 8 tries to fill a niche by providing good food at a modest price, relatively speaking.  Many dishes are in the $15 - $20 range, although there are a few luxury live seafood items that will set you back almost $100.The breadth of the menu is surprising.  Among its offerings are Malaysian beef satays, Korean kim chee, Japanese udon noodles, Vietnamese pho, pad Thai, Indian mee goreng noodles, and Cantonese roast duck.  There's a single menu for lunch and dinner.The restaurant is decorated in black, white and cream, with red accents.  Considering its location next to the casino, it's fairly quiet, with an informal feel.  There's a small communal table, but it doesn't seem very, well...communal.  I haven't noticed any conversations between strangers, and management doesn't help when it treats the table as overflow space when no other tables are available.Service is a weak link at Red 8.  On my first visit, after I was finished eating, my server disappeared.  I waited for 15 minutes (actually a little bit longer than that, as I didn't check my watch right away), looking around for someone.  I finally managed to flag down a bus boy, and asked him to get my server.  She appeared a couple of minutes later, with no explanation.  On my second visit, service was better, but again there were some long waits.  On my third visit, I imitated a gentleman at a neighboring table who took a more direct approach: loudly hailing the server like a passing taxicab.  Crude, but effective.** DIM SUMDim Sum is available for lunch on weekends.  There are no rolling carts; ordering is from a menu.  Each order comes as two or three pieces, so it would be more fun to order as a group, but ordering solo worked out OK.  It took a little while to prepare the food, but the wait wasn't too long.  I had:*   Shrimp in bean curd rolls.  Like a flat, fried egg roll, it was filled with shrimp, what tasted like shrimp paste, and bits of carrot and some green vegetable.  A dipping bowl contained Worcestershire sauce.  If you like bean curd skin, it's a very tasty dish.*   Deep fried taro dumplings.  Light and crispy outside, with soft (mashed?) taro inside, mixed with barbecue pork.  Very good+.*   Sticky rice in lotus leaf.  A rectangle of soft, sticky rice, with small shrimp and barbecued pork, wrapped in a lotus leaf.*   Thai ice tea.  Layered cream (?) on top of very sweet strong tea.  I liked it, but some people might have been turned off by the sweetness.** REGULAR MEAL #1This time, I decided to try something different:*   Oriental green onion pancake.  Vaguely reminiscent of a quesadilla with scallions, but crispier.  Hoisin sauce was served as a condiment.  It didn't have much flavor; the hoisin sauce helped a little, but not much.*   Indian mee goreng with shrimp.  Wok-fried noodles, with onion and shrimp, and bits of a very hot pepper.  The portion was very large, probably best shared.  I thought the flavor was good, and the noodles were firm, but it was mostly just a big plate of noodles.** REGULAR MEAL #2OK, maybe this doesn't exactly qualify as a regular meal.  However, I noticed a couple of interesting items on the menu, and was hooked.  What seemed so interesting?  Congee.  A thin rice porridge, it's felt to be a healthy dish, appropriate after one has been eating or drinking too well for a few days.  Kind of like thin oatmeal.  However, meat, chicken, fish, and other ingredients may be added to congee.  I chose to add pork and preserved egg.  The egg, sometimes called century egg or thousand year egg, is preserved in an alkaline solution.  Wikipedia has a good explanation. The verdict?  Not bad.  As expected, it was pretty bland, but it actually had a little texture.  The pork gave it some flavor, and the preserved egg was interesting.  I don't know if I'd order it again, but I'm glad I tried it once.I had planned to try an unusual dessert - sweet potato porridge with sago - but the huge bowl of congee had filled me up.  Maybe next time.Red 8 isn't bad, but it also isn't that good.  Perhaps its menu is too ambitious ("Jack of all trades, master of none").  Perhaps I've been spoiled by all the excellent restaurants at Wynn.  In any case, I was hoping for better.  Nonetheless, it's convenient and not too expensive - and I don't know if there's any place better in this mid-range category.
3	If you're looking for affordable eats in the Wynn and are sick of the super high-end scene in Vegas this is a great fit. We tried a bunch of things but my absolute favorites were the pork and shrimp dumplings, the halibut, the deep fried chicken and the roast duck. I also loved the sake. Great service - seated right away at a great table and got our food very quickly. Nice change of scene in Vegas!
3	Good food, but terribly expensive for what it is. This is over-priced chinese food served in a fantastic dining room. I love the decor, and I do love the fact that it's right in the casino. I think the management over stretches the waitstaff and the service is so-so. I hate it when I see my waiter in the weeds and the manager just hangin' back and watching the room. Like... HEY MANAGER MAN LOOKING IMPORTANT- How about you help out your staff who has like a 10 table section? Or... just got 2 -12 tops sat at the same time?!It's the customer who ultimately suffers so work with the team "manager man" and crack open a beer for the table who's parched and desperately looking around for someone to quench their thirst!
2	It's amazing how after two years, Red 8 hasn't changed anything about how they train their staff!  The service was bad the first time we came here - we actually walked out after ten minutes since no one came to ask us for a simple drink order or even acknowledge our existence.  There was a long line outside but lots of empty tables inside; they just couldn't get their act together about bussing the tables!This time, we got seated immediately and quickly got drink service.  Only four other tables were occupied, a couple of tables already had their dim sum order, so we figured it was good to get there at opening.  WRONG!  Even with more than 3 waiters and a few more men walking around in black tees - no idea what they were since they enjoyed chatting and laughing amongst themselves but not really seat or serve anyone.  At one point, the host was pouring water for guests!  Beats the hell out of me what the other five men and one woman staff were doing!Our waiter, an Asian guy was good and did the best he could even though it looked like he was out of breath trying to get to every table on our side of the restaurant.  It's not a big restaurant.  They were just inefficient in service.  They sat a party of five at a square table for four and a party of three at a booth where no one actually say on the booth but just on three chairs around the booth.  Go figure!Dim sum is the easiest way to get your food FAST.  That includes congee!  However, it was a slight wait and some of the food wasn't even warm!  It baffled and annoyed me.  What's worst then eating bad food is food that is not warm!!  The food is tasty but I expected more.  No I didn't expect to have the best dim sum I have ever had but I did expect a higher standard here.  After all, the Wynn is supposed to take care of the serious high rollers and we know just how many Asians are so.  The soy bean milk here is not sweetened which sucks.  We (Asians) all drinks sweetened soy milk and if not sweetened, given syrup on the side to add.  Sugar does not melt and no one adds bloody syrup to soy milk!!BTW, don't order the hainanese chicken rice!  I had the chicken rice (room service) and the rice isn't flavorful enough, the soup tastes weird, chicken is dry and the chilli they use is out of a bottle you can buy from the store (sambal olek).What a disappointment.  I won't return or test my luck again.
4	Very good food and nice ambiance at decent prices.
4	I have eaten at Red 8 two times now-on two different visits to LV. I have had great luck so far. Great food, not too expensive (most LV prices are $$$) and really good service. I went there with my boyfriend both times and we both really had a wonderful time. The ambiance is cool and the staff is friendly. Also, the food is pretty fast. We had different things each time and still had great luck. This last trip I had the Pad Thai and he had the Kung Pow Chicken-both really great. If you are planning to go to Le Reve at the Wynn, eat at Red 8 first. Grea food and close to the theater. It's a Win Wynn-hehe! We are planning to visit again soon so I'll update you on try #3. :)
3	Ive had a couple of meals here after flying into vegas for a one day trip on the lear jet.  Its the next best thing to having real dimsum in Monterey park,  and the prices for 4 pieces of shumai is triple.  But when the casino pays for your food, i guess it doesnt matter and were ordering the abalone.  The food is good here, its not excellent, and the best ive ever had.  Its good.  The service is not great, and there are times when you sit there with an empty glass.  Then why not bash the hell out of this place?  Because there arent alot of dimsum places in LV, and their egg custard buns for dessert are delicious.  Its quite the redeeming factor.
2	came here for dinner as part of my friend's bachelor party weekend a couple of weeks ago.it took a little bit, but we got a sweet private table (enclosed by draperies) looking into the casino.i knew going in to not expect very good "chinese" food.  i expected something like pf chang's.  so what did we get?  amazingly, nothing as good as pf chang's.  we ordered about 2 appetizers and 7 or 8 main courses, and for the life of me, i can't even remember what the heck we ate.  when i don't remember anything about the food, you gotta believe that this place is just ho-hum.  nothing truly bad about the food, but absolutely nothing memorable either.so why no 3 stars?  service was incredibly sub-par.  okay, not just sub-par, it was just plain bad.  for a high end place, i'd have expected far superior service, but alas, it was not the case.  all in all, i would never venture here again of my own accord.
3	Really low end considering it is in the Wynn Hotel.  No reservations so "make sure you stay right here".  We only waited 10 minutes.  The service was not too slow but not too friendly either. My husband liked his Mongolian beef.  I thought the veggie fried rice was a bit on the oilier side.  We were pretty Vegased out by this meal and wouldn't have enjoyed much of anything but smoke free air.
4	We dined here because the buffet was a 3 hour wait. I am chinese and I was a little skeptical at first since this is a chinese restaurant in a western establishment. I was hungry and decided to give it a try. When I first saw the menu it had chinese characters so I thought to myself, 'ok maybe it won't be so bad'. For drinks I got the Thai Ice Tea (FYI, it was $5) which was too sweet. We ordered the crab yee mein and the braised beef stew. It was very delicious and most importantly authentic. The food tasted just like the ones you would find in San Gabriel, Alhambra, etc... However, being in Vegas the prices are different. For desert we had mango sago which paked a lot of mango flavor as well as mango pieces. Everything was really delicious.
5	I really enjoyed this resturant, we had great service and yummy food. my husband thought a bit pricey, but I loved it so much, no left over's!
4	It's tough to pay this kind of money for Chinese comfort food, but the dishes I ordered were surprisingly very good.Beef stew soup noodles: $16Black bean sauce spare ribs: $6Vegetarian egg rolls: $7Pot of pu-erh tea: $7
2	I had lunch here today and it was nothing special. I had their dim sum and I think the the taste was just mediocre.  The quality of the food was alright as it didn't taste bad, but was not super tasty as well. I only waited for about for about 5 minutes for my table. The food came about relatively quick, but I didn't see the waiter come by again until I finished my meal.
2	A Vegas-style P.F. Chang's.  Woopty-fricken-do.  Looks nice from the outside but nothing special on the inside.  When you sit down, all of the chairs are rickety...they rock back and forth when you move.  Food was average.Overpriced.Service was slow and they didn't seem to care about your requests.Don't even bother.  The Wynn made a bad choice here.
3	Not great, not bad.  Pleasant, but unmemorable.There was about a 15-minute wait at 1:30 in the afternoon.  The atmosphere is lacking something, maybe a soul.  But, like everyone else we encountered at Wynn, the people were very friendly.The veggie spring rolls were fried, which turned the insides to mush.  They came with a very brown sauce, which tasted like brown.We shared the Mongolian beef, which I really liked.  It had a nice kick to it which my "no spicy!" wife was able to tolerate.Service was friendly, but the spring rolls came out after the entree.One appetizer, one entree, and two soft drinks set us back $48, including tip.  I wouldn't call this a great value for the money.
3	My wife and I ate here before the La Reve show. It was just okay. The first dish we had was oxtail soup...and that was amazing. We thought, great this is really gonna be good. But after that, it went downhill.The portions are fairly small...but if you do eat here,..you gotta have the oxtail soup...that dish alone almost saved this restaurant for us.
5	I'm surprised about the low rating Yelpers have given this place. I've been here several time and the service is fast and friendly and the food was great. They have some interesting, unusal things on the menu I was unfamiliar with, but our waiter made some great suggestions and we enjoyed our meal. It is a little more expensive then most Chinese restaurants, but very reasonable for Las Vegas. I also love the decor of this place, its small but beautiful.
2	Chinese food is supposed to be somewhat economical.  I know that this is the Wynn and I am supposed to be getting mad comps to offset the overpriced food, but this is a little ridiculous.$9 for hot and sour soup?  Granted it was made well and such, but dang, it was a portion for one!$26 for 8 oz of duck and 6 oz of BBQ pork?$18 for beef chow mein?  It was enough for two... maybe.$9 for plain congee for one?Here's the ugly truth.  I was comped $80 for 10 hours of blackjack (which is a mildly crappy food comp, by the way).  Somebody's got to pay for that.  It's the same reason why the Buffet is $33 for Sunday brunch (no champagne).  None of this explains why the Wynn Buffet is so terrible though, but I'm getting off topic here.Anyway, if you are a big fish (or maybe a mini-whale), I'm sure you won't care, but for us mortals, it sort of matters that this really is a pretty bad deal.  And Wynn's comps sort of suck... grrr... sorry, off topic again.
4	I've never really had a bad experience here at Red 8. I've probably eaten here about 10 times. I didn't have any service issues here. The servers pretty much only came out when they were needed, but they were easy to flag down to get what you needed. My only big gripe is that the dim sum selection is a bit smaller than you would expect at a Chinese restaurant. However, the two items that shine for me are the fresh guava juice (Yum! Definitely not Kern's nectar) and the egg custard buns. The pricing is a bit above average, but this is Vegas... and it's the Wynn. Show me a restaurant in a Vegas hotel/casino that isn't priced above your local Chinatown dim sum joint.
3	Something you don't see too often... a high end Chinese restaurant that is still moderately priced. They label it a casual Asian bistro and that's exactly what it is, albeit the fact that it's right in the heart of the Wynn Hotel, which is anything but.Being so close to the casino floor, the type of energy and noise spills into the restaurant, which works in this case. The food also is nothing too foreign that you need a server to help you understand  it, but fast food takeout superstars like fried rice, mapu tofu and chicken satay are all on the menu here and done with an obvious higher attention to detail. Only bad thing was the service was noticeabley a bit scattered.
3	They get a three for being able to seat a party of 12 right away without reservations. That was great to not have to wait! The food, while not stellar by a Chinese person's standard, passes as decent junkie Chinese food.Our table ordered several dim sum dishes, fried rice, fried noodles, sweet and sour pork, mongolian beef, and others that I can't recall. Everything was really salty, and when I tried to take sips of my mango juice to wash the saltiness away, my mango juice tasted like medicine and left a bitter aftertaste in my mouth. I have to say though, the flavors were on par with what you'd expect (sweet and sour tasted like it would at another restaurant, the dim sum tastes like it would elsewhere, etc). Our waiter was very accommodating, especially since our party kept growing as people came wandering in late. He was very good about making sure we had our drinks, that the newcomers were included and got food, etc.Overall, good solid service, food is average, but definitely something I'd eat again if in the right company/mood.
3	went for dim sum last summer after graduation MEDICORE! it was not that good at all
2	Itty bitty portions of average Asian fusion food.
3	The food was just okay...  there was nothing spectacular about it.  Our table ordered pot stickers, hot and sour soup, beef with bitter melon, assorted BBQ, and chicken chow mein.It reminded me of PF Changs (which I don't really like).  The decor was odd... for the most part it was very sleek and modern... then they had wicker chairs.   I thought it would be more expensive since it was in the Wynn... but it was still pricey for what it was.  For example  the $9 hot and sour soup ended up being an appetizer for one.  (We thought it was going to be family style).
4	I'm really surprised at the low rating Red 8 has gotten here.  I think this is an excellent place for Chinese.  I make sure to go each trip.  I don't find it to be that expensive considering it's really good and in the Wynn.  I would like to see a bigger Dim Sum selection.  But the BBQ pork is top notch.  I did knock a star off for slow service.  I once walked out (without paying) after waiting 15 minutes for my check.
4	I must have been extremely lucky OR Red 8 read the previous reviews and improved on their service.  After seeing Spamalot at the Wynn, my friend's and I were starving.  With no reservation, we only waited about 30 minutes for a table.  Not bad considering it was Saturday night right before the clubbing hour.  The food was pretty good ... and I'm Chinese.  So I've had all sorts of Chinese food.  From cheap to ridiculously expensive.  From street vendor to exclusive VIP.  I really enjoyed it.   You can tell that an actual Chinese person prepared the meal and menu versus PF Chang's where it's Caucasian owned and run.  We started with the char siu bao, pot stickers and cold cucumber salad.  Both were prepared to perfection.  Everyone at the table had different cravings and decided to not share. I had something more traditional, beef brisket noodle soup.  They used really good meat and it was well marinated.  Since I've been a kid, I've been to scared to eat the tendons, but that is suppose to be the best part of the meal.  And they had good portions of the beef and tendons, both very fresh and tasty!  The broth is also what makes the meal, it was very tasty and not oily like in most cheap Chinese restaurants. Yes, the meal was more expensive than what I'm used to spending for a bowl of noodles, but hey, we were in Vegas at the Wynn....and it was tasty!  It's more important that I enjoy what I eat.   I'd be silly to think that it would actually be cheap at the Wynn versus a hole in the wall in Monterey Park. I'd definitely go back.
3	The decor of this place is just so cute. It has the asian feel yet very modern so I def. like it. The food here was pretty good overall but not very good dim sum.The service wasn't that great either. Our waiter forgot to put down our orders on the dim sum items?!? He blamed it on how busy it was. I don't know but he wasn't as attentive compared to the other lady serving the table next to ours. Anyway, I do have to mention their wonton noodle soup is pretty good. The noodle isn't soggy and the wontons taste fresh. We also ordered a stir fried noodle dish which wasn't so bad either. Next time if I do decide to come back I def. won't be ordering their dim sum items. I rather try the other plates. Besides the service and the dim sum this place is decent.
3	The Chinese believe that the number 8 is good luck representing prosperity. The color red also represents power and fortune. OK the true story behind Red 8 is that only certain dishes are amazing and the rest are average Chinese food. If this restaurant were a little cheaper and located somewhere other than the Wynn, I would rave. But it is in the Wynn and people (I'm people) expect a lot. I've eaten here twice, the first time I got something simple like Sesame Chicken or something. It was good but nothing amazing. Just the chicken in the sauce on the rice. You could've gotten the same at P.F. Chang's.However, the second time I went I said screw this. My co-workers kept talking about how good the place was so I'm like ok let's give this place a real try. I ordered the jellyfish appetizer. DELICIOUS! Best I've had. Try it, it's not as scary as it sounds. Jellyfish is awesome and they make the best. Second, I had the seabass. It was pan fried in like a tempura bredding but spicy like it sat with some jalapenos for a while. Great. I love seabass and this is some of the best I've had. The difference was night and day. I guess the key to this place is order the most expensive thing on the menu. Actually I think someone at my table said they do that everywhere they go. How retarded! But I guess in some cases it works. Like misplaced little Chinese eateries. Also, too much red and black decor. I started to feel like I was in a Samuri movie.
1	I agree with Dave M. that the food here is pretty basic Chinese food that's overpriced.  The Wynn is 5 minutes from Chinatown, and you can find a dozen better places there.When my wife and I went there, they sat us at a table right next to a table where someone just threw up.  They had a cleaning crew there spraying an obnoxious disinfectant, which was quite unpleasant for the people nearby trying to eat.  They started cleaning before we got our meal, so we asked to get moved, which they did.  They apologized many times, but it was pretty tacky to try and sit people near a table where someone just threw up.
4	Ok, this may sound like blasphemy (sp?), but Red 8 is my favorite restaurant at the Wynn.  And no, Red 8 is not the only restaurant I have been to at the Wynn.Why do I like Red 8 so much?  Because they're not trying so hard.  WIng Lei is an over-priced mess of a Chinese restaurant....all the flash and glitter, all the hype, but crappy food.  Tableau is a decent French restaurant, but nothing special (despite the hype).  Corsa Cucina is an average Italian restaurant.  SW is nothing special....decent steaks, but that's about it.  Okada is a great place for sushi, and I'm a fan.  But all the places at the Wynn try to appear more than they actually are.  However, Red 8 is different.  No reservations taken, nice open seating, decent asian food (mix of Thai, Chinese, asian-fusion, etc), good drinks, etc.  The menu is simple, the food is good, and try the sea bass.  Order one of those kiwi drinks, grab a couple beers, and truly enjoy a decent meal.  You don't have to dress up.  You don't have to pretend to be someone.  You don't have to spend through the nose.  The service is good, and you can always depend on Red 8 for a good meal.  And if you think Red 8 is expensive, then you might want to re-consider Vegas trips.  Red 8 isn't cheap, but it's ok relative to other Vegas establishments.
2	Decided to try this place out after watching La Reve. Quick summary - - long wait to be seated- longer wait to place our order- overpriced for average food.
4	It's like Sam Woo BBQ but 2-3 times as expensive.  Had the congee with preserved duck egg and pork, the jellyfish and the pan fried noodles with beef and soy sauce.  Everything tasted decent and up to par, but nothing outstanding.  Food was great to cure the hangover from the night before.  Service was also decent - we came on Sunday afternoon and were served our food almost as quickly as we would have been at Sam Woo BBQ and in an arguably nicer atmosphere.  Plus one star for saving me a trip to Spring Mountain Road and giving me more time at the tables!
3	hey this place was fun because when we ordered a bottle of wine we were happy campers.  our server Jo was so cool and we enjoyed his company.food was Meh.  but that didnt really bother us because we had our bottle of reisling. fun place if you are getting ready to go out for the night and are waiting for the boys to finish up with their poker game.
2	I wish I had read some of these reviews prior to taking Rachel Ray's word for it. The food was ok nothing to write home about. I would choose differently next time.Think twice before going.
3	Food: 3 star (See my pics) Service: 5 star Last year when I came to Vegas, I had the best wonton soup (at least in the west coast) in the Buffet in Wynn. Since then, I had cravings for the soup again and again. Born in Hong Kong, I was not able to find the same quality of wonton soup in the States. Expecting the same soup from Red 8, I have to say I was disappointed. The reason wonton soup had drifted apart from: Wonton: Tasted okay and had better pork compare to other places. Didn't give me wow factor. Noodle: They used very thin noodle which is different from typical Chinese restaurant. However, I like the more chewy kind of noddle much better in this dish. Soup: I am sorry Red 8, but the soup is the worst, even worse than other restaurants and very blended taste.... Soup is suppose to be the soul of wonton soup, and that was one of the reasons I liked the wonton soup from the Wynn Buffet. Red 8 added very little green onion and no garlic chives at all! Aside from wonton soup, we ordered the dumpling noodle. The best of this meal was the Chicken satays. $10 for four pieces. I also liked our waitress who was a Korean lady. She was helpful and made this dinning experience a good one: bringing syrup and extra lemon for my tea, bringing more green onion for my soup, etc. I hope there would be improvement for the food in the future.
1	The price is not worth the quality. When you pay $8.00 min for a plate dim sum you expect a lot more than what I got. The food was Mediocre at best. And what is up with charging $7.5 per person for tea? WTF!!!!!
3	Horrible, horrible service. the food was good, but it is hard to enjoy your dinner when you have to wait so long for everything. We went in for a quick, late night bite and ended up spending an hour and a half waiting on 2 apps and 2 mains. We didn't even order drinks.
5	My $9 could've bought me a pack of Skittles in my room... and instead it bought me three delicious BBQ pork buns.Based on that and that alone, I can say that Red 8 is the best money for your dollar at the Wynn.Cheers!
4	I'm a little surprised to see that Red 8 only gets 3 stars I ate their last night and really enjoyed it. The quality of food and service was just fine. I had the Mongolian chicken and Andy had Sweet and Sour Chicken both were large portions and very good. we shared Dim Sum Pork and Shrimp that was really well made. it was a little expensive but what isn't in Vegas.
2	The service at this place is super slow to the point of nonexistence, the food comes out luke warm and don't expect a refill of hot water water for your tea, we waited 20 minutes and the server finally came back as we walking out the restaurant with the teapot.  The won ton soup is good but I wished they would have served it hot. The the crab noodles are pretty good but super greasy!
2	Food was yummy, ambiance is non-existent, and prices... well it's the Wynn.  But this is the highest I've ever paid for Chinese food in my life.I would give it a higher rating, but there are so many other restaurants that you should go to.
4	Red 8 is the sort of place that isn't necessary special enough to travel to from, say, the Mandalay Bay -- China Grill there is as good if not better -- but when staying at Wynn or Encore or even Venetian, it's a great place to go. We have always enjoyed it; we first tried it when the buffet had a 90-minute wait and Red 8 had only a 20-minute wait, and we love Asian food anyway. The service is effiicient, though nothing special, and the food is all good and simple. We've enjoyed the grilled platter, sharing the duck, chicken, and pork, all delicious. My husband loves the chow mein noodles, and, when feeling unadventurous, I actually like the fried rice. The nicest part is the price -- we can eat very well and get out for well under $100, which ain't easy at a non-buffet place on the strip, or at least one with good food. Highly recommended.
2	slowest service ever.... had to ask a couple of times just to get water. And then, I asked for something on the healthier side. Response from waiter: the chow mein. ummmm, let's try that again.  Is there something that isn't too oily? His response: poached chicken with ginger oil.  At this point, I was ready to laugh. I was so tired and hungry though I just told him to bring that out with the side of veggies.and.... there are not that many meals I just won't eat. I mean, I really really like good food, but I'm not too picky of an eater. This chicken I would not eat. I ate a little because I was starving and decided I would rather be hungry than finish it. It was 90% fat, it looked disgusting, and it didn't taste much better. The veggies were safe, steamed, simple with absolutely no flavor.  I wish, wish, wish, I had walked into any other restaurant.
4	We needed something quick for dinner prior to our 7pm showing at La Reve.  As we walked around Wynn looking at the different restaurants, the host at Stratta suggested Red 8.Red 8 is a pan-asian restaurant.  The dramatic interior/exterior makes up for its quiet-like setting.  We were seated right away with no wait which was nice.  Our picks for dinner:  mongolian beef, ma po tofu (spicy minced pork and soft bean curd), and salted fish fried rice with chicken.  For drinks I ordered the thai iced tea.We made a comment to our waiter that we were kind of in a rush for La Reve which he understood.  We had about 45 minutes to eat.  As we waited for our food I glanced at the decor.  Lots of red and dark wood surroundings.  I thought they did a great job designing the place.The dishes arrived fairly quickly that I was impressed.  So quick that I kind of felt bad for the couple who was there prior to our arrival whose dishes hadn't arrived.  The dishes we ordered were well prepared and very tasty.  The mongolian beef was very tender.  The ma po tofu was great except for the minced pork which I thought was unusual.  It was minced yet they had some thin slices of pork in it but I still liked it regardless, and the tofu was fresh.  The chinese spices made it a wonderful dish.  The salted fish fried rice with chicken was fantastic.  It had the perfect salted fish-rice-chicken ratio.  Our meal was executed well along with their attention to detail and service.  Not considered fine dining here but I really enjoyed it.  The menu is a little pricey but you get what you pay for and honestly I think you can't go wrong eating at any of the Wynn restaurants.
3	eh. meh.  the fog of the casino did not divert my attention from the price tag of these generic fusion versions of chinese food.  the dim sum was actually pretty good, but everything else was sort of greasy and white-ified.  oh also, restaurants that don't have windows toward the actual outside sort of creep me out.
4	Whenever my extended family stays at the Wynn (more than I'd like to admit...), we always enjoy a meal at Red 8. The Asian food here is really yummy and it's fun to look out the "window" into the Wynn casino.Last time, I enjoyed one of the most delicious cocktails I'd ever tasted. I ordered fresh watermelon juice with vodka and it was SO good!!! I always fill up on the family-style Asian food too and then head into the Casino to work off the food ;)Red 8 is accommodating for young children and not as expensive as one would expect of a restaurant in the Wynn.
2	Bad service. OK food. Overpriced prices (but hey, its Vegas). I like the decor but a 20 minute meal took an hour because the waitstaff was so inattentive.
4	We got to Vegas at 10 am and went straight to our hotel Encore to check in. we got hungry so we walked over to Wynn and found Red 8. me n my friend ordered 1 lunch plate together that had potsticker, eggroll, orange chicken n rice. then we ordered pork and shrimp dumpling...n we were still hungry! so we ordered a plate of bbq pork with rice on the side and of course we had mango pudding for dessert! after all that we were satisfied =) the service was great...refilled our water without us asking for it...they were attentive and overall a great restaurant! ohh n it was time for a nap after all that food....
1	I totally agree with Tom. This place was so bad we stopped eating and asked for our money back.Our thinking started something like, "It's in the Wynn, they are hyping the crap out of most of the food at the Wynn so maybe this will be good Chinese food."  Boy how disappointed we were. We ordered 3 things. The Pork and Pickled Egg Congee, The Maple Syrup Glassed BBQ Pork and the Mar-po Tofu (Mabo, Mapo, people all spell it different ways)Congee is supposed come with side dishes, otherwise it's too bland. This one didn't and when we asked if they had any pickled side dishes they could give us they said no.The BBQ Pork was way too light on, shall we say, crust? The part of the pork that has absorbed the basting sauce that makes HK BBQ so yummy so the pork at Red 8 by taste was maybe a 3 out of 5. But worse, half of it was gristle.Finally the Mar-po Tofu appeared. Just from looking at it it was clear it would be no good. Mar-po Tofu is supposed to be RED because the sauce is red. It's supposed to be SPICY. It's supposed to have pork in it, at least enough to see a few pieces per cube of tofu. This one appeared to have about 3 peebles of pork, it was almost colorless and once we tried it it's taste matched it's look. It was practically flavorless. Seriously, any pre-packaged mar-po tofu at a Chinese market would have been better than this.For the price we knew we'd end up paying we decided it wasn't worth suffering though this crap so we called the manager, told him we were unhappy with the food and left.I felt bad for having to take it that far but that simple 3 piece meal would probably have been $80 at Red 8. For that price I expect the REAL THING not this crap.DO NOT GO THERE!
5	Food was good.  Prices are typical Vegas...Expensive.  Hey, you're in the Wynn Resort...what do you expect?  When you're losing too much at the table, take a break and come here for a descent quick meal.  Those satays are mighty tasty!
3	I actually thought the prices were reasonable for Vegas and for the Wynn. The food is good and the service was fine (although there were exactly 4 parties in the place when I went) The Wynn is sort of isolated uptown but it is beautiful.
2	Went here for dinner last night as the BF was craving Asian food.  Food was ok and moderately priced for a restaurant at The Wynn, but I probably wouldn't return.  Cantonese Potstickers- lots of meaty filling, but the skin wrapper wasn't the best.Mongolian Beef-extremely tender cuts of beef, but the sauce wasn't sweet enough (I hate to say it, but PF Changs is better!)Green vegetables garlic stir fry-probably the best dish as the veggies were fresh and crisp and it included a nice variety of Chinese broccoli, asparagus, baby bok choy, broccoli, carrots, mushrooms, and plenty of chopped garlic!Woo at The Palazzo would probably have been more authentic...
2	Mediocre Chinese food. I ate here with eight people of Chinese decent and from San Gabriel Valley (they know Chinese food). We ordered most of the menu and were mostly disappointed.
5	ARE YOU SERIOUS? a 3 star on yelp? you've got to be kidding me.as an indonesian chinese(who speaks mandarin) who grew up in singapore and had travelled to hong kong for the millionth time and been to most part of china, this restaurant offered just the best chinese food i'd had in america! (had to be more precise so my 5* rating would be valued)yes some of them aren't authentic but screw it, because its shiu mai was fucking good. the last time i stayed at Wynn(which was last may/june), i was here about 2-3 times. this time, i was here for another 3 times, not including the dimsums we had for room service. we had our regular dimsum and i liked everything but cha siew bao(pork bun) because 1.i'd tasted better ones 2.it didn't taste like pork at all. i think there was something else mixed in there(human meat?) but it didn't taste good. one of my favorite dim sum, sesame rice ball, wasn't that good either. disappointed.however, the har gow, siew mai, kway teow, century egg+pork floss congee(room service), can't remember a hundred other dim sum we had, but they were just 5*. i'd never even had that good a kway teow in singapore. THE CHILLY!! the chilly casted a spell on us. how can there be such a good chilly made? spicy and sweet at the same time. even better than the one i made. comparable to indonesian chilly. it was so good my korean friend and i each requested for some to be taken home. it's not over! i haven't mentioned the service yet! one of the korean lady server(i asked if she was japanese because she was so hospitable). everyone else was good but she was excellent.
2	While traveling to Vegas, we decided to take a stroll into Red 8. My sister and I remembered this place was featured on Rachael Ray sometime ago. The decor was stunning, but hey, this was Vegas. The food was just mediocre. I ordered some dumplings and chicken satay. I have had better. I remember my sister ordered some watermelon juice that she kept raving about, so it must have been some good juice! The service was nothing exceptional, we had a bit of a wait to be seated, but that's normal on a Saturday night. It was a nice try, but definitely NOT worth the money,
2	I stayed at the Wynn Tower Suites, and was tired from exhibiting the show all day. So i decided to take the first restaurant near the tower suites. Ordered the following. Since i know it's probably not as authentic as i would like it to be so the basics should be easy enough for the chef to handle and me and my dad would have no problem enjoying the following 1) Chicken Friend Rice 2) Beef Chow Mien (oily) 3) Garlic String Beans (oily) All around it was enjoyable spending $70 including tips on the above following with a coke and green tea, we thought that was the end of a basic and pricey PANDA express. Well I was wrong. It is 2:37am and i am still awake and dieing of thirst, my dad has a minor headache. I guess the MSG they put in the food was way too powerful. After 2 bottles of water and an orange juice i am still awake with the bad taste of MSG in my mouth. If your OK and not allergic to MSG this is place to go. I would think for the price they pay they can do better without artificial taste of MSG.
4	Pricey? yes.  For 3 of us eating at ~3:30, our meal was $97.58 including tip -- that's an appetizer, 2 beverages, and 3 entrees.  But the portions were huge -- I think the 3 of us girls could have split an entree easily (but where's the fun in that?)  I was interested in the Panang chicken noodle dish, thinking it would be an interesting variation of panang curry chicken.  No, the curry in panang curry comes from the "curry" part -- But, the waitress did say the sauce was a brown sauce after I asked for a little more detail, and I thought it was verrry tasty.  Like an 8 for me, yum. My friends stuck to more conventional chinese dishes of sweet and sour chicken + kung pao chicken.  I'd say those were tasty + flavorful, but probably not worth $20 (again, because I am cheap, not because they're bad).  I will say: man, the chicken satay was YUMMY.  The peanut sauce was a little thicker than I expected, but seriously tasted like the chefs ground up tons and tons and tons of peanuts right before sending it out. No lie.  Awesome.If I won it big in Vegas + wanted good Asian food with a casual vibe, I'd for sure return.  Otherwise, I'm happy dining at fast food places along the way :)
2	overpriced; i've tasted better. the spring roll and potsticker was mediocre. I can get the same taste at a take-out. the Thai Basial Beef was good but the white rice was hard (i prefer softer white rice). And $6 for each plate of dim sum, well i at least expected it to be HOT. I had to send it back to be microwaved because low and behold, it was cold (my fried mixed dumpling). The fried taro cake was good but nothing so out of the ordinary. It was $5 for Coke... outrageous. My lunch for two, 2 entrees and 2 dim sum, 1 drink, 1 water, was $58. I will be going to ChinaTown next time.
4	Best bang for your buck at the Wynn hotel and probably one of the best values in Vegas for your money.....I stumbled into Red 8 on the third evening of a bachelor party trip.  I was looking for something relatively quick, that was decent and not going to cost me my left kidney.  I got seated quickly at a community table.  Considering where you're at the community table is pretty cool.  It's Vegas so everyone is from somewhere else and my friend and I ended up talking to some pretty cool people at our table.  Instead of ordering an entree I got the shrimp dumplings and chicken satay apps which were both flawless.  The shrimp dumplings are a must try if you go to Red 8.  When it was all said and done I got two large apps, miso soup, a drink, and a coffee for $30.  Pretty good by Vegas standards.
5	i've came here for dinner twice around 8 or 9pm. service is good.our drinks and food all came fast. All tasted very yummy. I had the beef chow fun, chicken fried rice, stir fried beans, and some others i forgot. i had this drink in a coconut and it was pretty strong. the price isn't too expensive either.
3	I would give it four stars but it was overpriced. I had combo fried rice ($16). The dish was tasty and had two prawns in it but c'mon $16? REALLY? I did see a TV star sitting across from me. I'm sure she could afford to eat here more often than I.
4	Whenever we stay at the Wynn, Red 8 is usually a convenient stop for lunch or dinner.  Despite some of the stinky reviews by yelpers, I think this is one of those places you'll either love/hate depending on what you decide to order.   please try:-Chinese Lettuce w/Preserved Bean Curd (sounds strange, but it is fantastic)-Steamed Chilean Seabass-Curried Singapore Vermicelli-any of the fried rice dishesplease avoid:- Ma Po Tofu (not spicy, bland)- dim sum (overpriced, go down Spring Mtn Rd. and you'll see why)Red 8 is a bit pricey, but if you're staying at the Wynn and are in the mood for pan-Asian, it's one of the more reasonable places to eat.
3	Since Wana did me the honor of writing a long review, a could cut mine short (see Wana L.).  Went here for my bachelorette dinner and the decor and ambiance was very chic and modern.  It's a pretty small restaurant, but we got the best seats right alongside the window (with no glass) to observe passerbys or for them to observe us 12 girls.  The food was family style and we had ordered boky choy, kung pao shrimp, mongolian beef, ma pao tofu, and penang noodles.  My favs were the mongolian beef, penang noodles, and the kung pao shrimp.  Portions were pretty big.  My friends also loved the bok choy but wished they would cut the pieces a bit smaller because they were hard to chew.  If you like PF Changs, it is similar to that type of "Chinese" cuisine where it's an attempt to recreate Chinese dishes with a modern twist.  Service was A plus and I even received 2 complimentary desserts: coconut ice cream and a mango pudding/custard. I don't like coconut and the mango dish was confusing - some of the party said it tasted like "refrigerator".  If that sounds confusing, imagine something you left uncovered in the fridge for a few days.  In any other city, this might stand alone because of the concept and decor, but here in Vegas it's not quite cutting it.
3	Red 8 is a nice Asian restaurant inside Encore however the food is okay.  Nothing I'll go crazy about since my palate loves authentic Chinese food.  Ambiance is gorgeous, service is friendly yet can improve for the better, price is ridiculous but what does one expect inside Encore.
4	Beautiful decor:  red and gold with a mix of old and new.  But the food did not measure up to the decor and to my expectations.  I'm fortunate enough to live near a hub of great Asian restaurants and markets.  The food here basically tastes like what you get from Chinese takeout places.  Now I don't have an aversion to Chinese takeout, I enjoy it in fact.  But I really thought this place would be a little more special since I saw a large Chinese family partaking on a meal.  The food is mediocre and forgettable, but at least it's affordable (during lunchtime) and the service is pleasant.I give it 3 stars for the food and 5 stars for the decor.
2	So our friend told us of this very good place that served lou rou mein in Wynn. We were amazed and had high hopes. Perhaps the hype killed it, but here goes the review. The lou rou mein/beef noodle soup was very bland in comparison to a typical bowl I would get anywhere in Rowland Heights. I wasn't very impressed; the broth wasn't flavorful, the noodles' texture was very soft and not jelly-like, and the beef, thanks to the bland broth, tasted bland. The waiter was very friendly and boasted about the food to us as if he had succeeded in satisfying the ethical people of which the food he served originated from...but unfortunately the chef didn't. Oh, and the price for that bowl was $17. No. 1 Noodle House is still a better comparison both price-wise at $7, and quality.
2	Came to the Wynn for the buffet but with a 2 hour wait, we decided to eat here instead. Service was ok but a little slow. We came with a group of 8. We ordered around 10 dishes total and asked the server if it was enough food. He assured us it would be but alas it was not. The food itself is pretty tasty but the portion size left us all wanting for more. Pan fried noodles and the roast duck were the two dishes that particularly stuck out in my mind.  It might be unfair to compare this place to more authentic chinese restaurants in LA but can't help it, sorry.
2	You know I liked the food here but it wasnt the best Ive had. I could get the same type of food from a local bistro or local asian market in any city I visit. Though the attire of the venue was awesome. It was really pretty and the drinks were crazy! I had some crazy lemon thai grass drink that was really good. But over all, ive experienced better and cant just rely on the drinks here. The food was ok, the attire was awesome and drinks we awesome! Though, I had a good time and perhaps wouldnt go back. Its located in the WYNN. its average! It was way to pricey for what it is. I felt like i was pay for the over dressed staff :)
2	After a night of partying at Tao, my friends and I decided to continue our Asian theme and headed downstairs from our room at the Wynn to Red 8 for some dim sum and other assorted Asian delights.After opening the menu, my eyes almost started bleeding. Combination fried rice $25?!? One plate of normal dim sum $6?! I know it's the Wynn but come on! At these prices we could've just ate at The Buffet and gotten a lot of similar quality food for less.Since we already sat down and committed to the restaurant, we decided to stay and order. To minimize the damage, we ordered just 3 dim sum plates (cha shu bao, shanghai dumplings, and fried taro balls) and two dishes (broccoli beef and sesame chicken). Growing up in the bay area, I've had my fair share of good Chinese food, and let me tell you, this was not it. The cha shu bao (bbq pork buns) were soggy and the filling was an unidentifiable paste with a few bits of meat. The Shanghai dumplings had no soup in them. The broccoli beef was mediocre.If you want good Chinese food in Las Vegas, DO NOT go here. There must be better options elsewhere on the strip. This restaurant definitely caters to rich people who don't know much about Asian food.
4	We had a delicious dinner in their semi-private room in the front of the restaurant. The service was pretty good, especially in light of the fact that our group of six was a few cocktails deep by the time that we were seated. We ordered mostly dim sum type food and everything was delicious. Nothing particularly stood out. The prices were reasonable and the wine list was good. We had three bottles and probably ten dishes and the bill came to $230 or something like that. Not bad for 6 people in Vegas.
4	How could this place only have a 3-star average?  This place is great!  We recently stayed at the Wynn and were provided with some free dinner credits on property.  We chose Red 8 for dinner one evening and I am very pleased with that choice.First of all, the ambiance is really nice and Asian inspired.  Our waiter was really friendly and spent time chatting with us between courses and what not.  He also convinced us to try a dessert that was truly amazing.  It was peanut butter ice cream that they made on property.After seeing the bill, I thought the price was fair enough that I would come back as a cash customer.  I recall it being around $100 for three people, and we had appetizers and main courses before sharing the dessert I mentioned.  We were all very satisfied.
1	I really wanted to like this place.  I ordered the Wonton Noodle Soup in hopes of curing a crucial hangover.  The soup was average.  A little too fatty for my taste - i could see a film of it floating on top!  I tried a bite of the Mongolian Beef dish, NOT GOOD.  Way too oily and tooooooo sweet.  The only semi decent dish I tried was the taro cake from the dim sum portion of the menu. Oh and don't even get me started on the service.  The waiter was soooo slow!!!  We asked for the check and 20 minutes later, got nothing.  I finally had to get up to find our waiter and even then, I STILL couldn't find him.   I had to ask a random waitress to get our check.  We could have pulled a dine and dash on his ass and he probably would be never have noticed.  Horrendous service and very overpriced for the quality of food.  Overall a bad experience.
2	Went for late lunch.String beans with XO sauce were great, so were the Penang noodles with shrimp. Good service (restaurant was nearly empty).This was a four star experience.Went back two days later for dinner.Was it the same restaurant? ... soggy string beans ... e-fu noodles with crab (hunt the crab). Chilean sea bass was good. Service was slow.Two stars my Chinese wife was unhappy
4	Service- always not too busy here. We ate around 8-ish at night. The food and drinks came really fast!Food- spicy beef chow fun looking dish- this was really delicious!crispy yellow noodle with veggies and chicken- this one was less flavorful, but the crispy noodle was yummyDrinks- we got 1 drink each weren't too alcohol-ishBill was about $80-ish
4	I've always enjoyed the Chinese, Asian fusion that is offered at Red 8.I've probably ate here way over 10 times and each time had no complaint.The food is usually quick so if you are planning to do casual dining and is in a impatient mood go to Red 8.My favorite by far is the Chilean sea bass in a light soy base sauce with thinly sliced green onions. The dim sums during breakfast and brunch is great. I believed we've ordered and tried everything on their menu and some were good, not so good, and bad.The service is average. There decor is quite unique and RED.I mainly go there for the Chilean sea bass.
3	Solid food with great service.  The waiter knew what vegan was and steered us towards the dishes he thought were the tastiest.  Overall, a nice lunch.
5	Great place just inside the casino at Wynn hotel.Great service!I was really happy with my hot tea...The OOLONG tea have a great cafeine KIK, Better than Red Bull!I got the prawn...were huge...$22MAKE SURE TO ORDER THE COCONUT ICE CREAM!You will be dreaming to come back and have one!
3	Went for some dimsum on a Saturday morning. Not busy, so there were plenty of tables available.Very cool decorations. Service is prompt. The dimsum takes a bit to come out, but that's because it's made to order. Sip on some nice hot tea while you wait. When it arrived the dimsum was very tasty. We had shrimp dumplings, pork dumplings, stuffed mushrooms, sticky rice, fried rice and some other good dishes.Although a bit pricey it's worth it for a nice tasting meal in a nice place.
2	Had some soy chicken, it wasn't very good.  Chicken came out a little cold and flavorless.  The other guys seemed to enjoy their meals.
2	$3 for a bowl of rice!!! Yikes! Late night dining options at the Wynn were limited and led us to this place. We ordered bbq pork, bbq duck and two bowls of rice $45. OMG! Sam Woo bbq we could of eaten the same thing for like $15 and it would of tasted better. I don't mind paying for a good meal, but being over charged for mediocre food just makes me pout. The server was an automaton, no smile, no energy, no emotion. Sad, Wynn, Sad! I just wanted a tasty late night dinner but no go at Red 8.
2	Mediocre. Overpriced. Rude.If you read those three words and still need to know the details, here you go: 1) I guess me and my two buddies were just too embarrassing for a Sunday morning - we got shunted off into a weird pseudo-private room that felt like a cage (bars on the windows) where you could hear the constant binging of slot machines.2) I ordered a drink with no ice.  So they watered it down.  3) The food was just ordinary.  4) The staff was annoying - repeatedly trying to take out dishes away before we were done.  My friend was half-done his meal and went to the bathroom; the waitress actually tried to take his food - instead of classily folding his napkin and just chilling the fuck out.
3	I'm gonna keep this short:The service at Red 8 is amazing - 5 stars for all of the friendly people who work there! Other than that, though, Red 8 is basically like a fancier P.F. Chang's...which, in turn, is a fancier Panda Express.  This place is worth checking out only if all of the following apply:1) You're staying at the Wynn.2) You're reeeeally craving Asian food. Like, really.3) You don't mind paying well over $10 for noodles.
2	My friend and I had given this place a first try since we were at the Wynn Hotel and it was a big "miss" for us on fulfilling our appetite. The service was noticeably slow. The food portion was disappointing for the price we paid for. Ambiance was semi-dressy and the food seemed more or less like a glorified Panda Express.- Shiu Mai - Pork and Shrimp Dumplings - Mongolian Beef - Assorted BBQ Platter (Marinated Chicken, Roasted Duck, BBQ Pork)- Braised E-Fu Noodles- Combination Fried RiceThe Shiu Mai, mongolian beef and combination fried rice was the most appealing of our entire orders. Shiu Mai was the one that solely hit the spot. If it were not that expensive for 4 pcs, I'd ordered numerous orders of dim sum for the remainder of the night as my dinner. The mongolian beef and combination friend rice almost suppresed our hunger. The biggest disappointment was the Braised E-Fu Noodles which lacked any flavor and was just short of any enjoyment.Overall, we paid a hefty bill in our attempt to suppress our hunger this night. I'd give this place a whirl if you are staying at the Wynn but not worth a cab fare, drive, or walk to eat at this place.
3	I came here wanting to eat Dim sum for brunch. Nothing really stood out to me to be different from any other dim sum place that I've gone to. However I did love their coconut pudding for dessert. The dishes are somewhat overpriced, but what do you expect, IT'S VEGAS! The service was always great though, I would recommend making a reservation because there is the occasional line that I've run into a couple of times. I would say that the portions are somewhat small so if you expect to be stuffed after your meal, you might want to look to eat somewhere else. Overall, my experience at RED 8 has never failed. What I expected is what i got. Nothing bad, but nothing like oh this restaurant deserves the James Beard Award.
4	My husband and I had just gotten into Vegas for a long weekend and we were starrrrrving.  I didn't want the typical room service type fare, so we went looking for something different.  We were staying at the Encore so we just walked through our hotel over to Wynn and stumbled upon Red 8.We walked up to the restaurant and saw the words dim sum and that did it for us.  We were sold.We each got cocktails which were tasty but forgettable.  Nothing special here.We ordered dim sum and appetizers only since we had dinner in a few hours and didn't want to fill up.We ordered -Steamed pork buns - Amazing.  Sooooo light and fluffyShrimp dumplings - Very good, but nothing fancyChicken Satay - The chicken was good but the peanut sauce was a little boringPot stickers - Fantastic.  Extra meaty.  Sometimes pot stickers are all filler and no meat, not the case here.We left very satisfied but craving more pork buns.  They were soooooo good.
3	Red 8 is good in a pinch.  Especially at lunch time when Wing Llei does not want to open for you.  In particular the ox tail soup is surprisingly good.  The string beans are perfectly cooked albeit a little over seasoned.  The chow fun is mediocre but not bad.  The dim sum items are hits and misses with some strangely peculiar flavors.  All in all, if you're extremely lazy and don't want to leave the Wynn/Encore buildling like me, this place ain't too shabby.
2	Long wait to be seated and food to be served. (i don't know if there's discrimination involved, hey were Asian, its an Asian resto. LOL)  But food taste good though. Shumai was good. Congee - definitely  a hangover remover. and its not just a "$$" ill say its a "$$$$" for some reason. We just ordered some of this, some of that. and kapow! are bill was around $230ish..  and lastly. There is a SERVICE CHARGE and it's separate from GRATUITY. like wtf?!!
5	Red 8 at the Wynn is one of the few Asian restaurants on the Strip that is a nice sit-down and open for lunch.The ambiance is great and the service, of course, was very good. It opened at 11:30 am and we were one of the first to be seated for lunch. We had the Combination Fried Rice and the hostess recommended Deep Fried Chicken with Chili, which we tried and were very pleased. I would definitely hit this place up the next time for some really good Asian food!
2	Unfortunately we had a late start and didn't have much choice for dining.  For some dumb reason, most restaurants close at 10-10:30pm in Vegas.  Can someone please tell me why?  Makes no sense.  This was the primarily reason why we decided to eat here.  Besides, it was next door to Blush, where he planned to hit up later.  We ordered the Chilean Sea Bass, and some noodle I can't even remember.  Neither was spectacular.  The seabass was breaded and had the taste and texture of cod.  It tasted so cod-like that I even had to wave the waiter down and ask if the Gordon Fisherman baked this shit.  I have never had a piece of seabass that flaked like cod.  It typically is more fibrous like soft scallops than overcooked cod.  Skip this place if you can.  They charge $7 for tea here.
5	It is very hard to find Chinese food that is done correctly here in Vegas. Being from New York, and after searching long and hard, I have found the pizza, but the Chinese has always been something that is elusive. After eating at Red 8 I have found the proper Chinese cuisine. My wife and I started with the potstickers which were to die for. My wife had the roast duck, and it was the juiciest, most aromatic and delicate recipe ever. I decided to go the safe rout,and start off with a common dish-the sweet/sour chicken. Wow! It was light,and the sauce was the right balance of sweet/tart. The rice was cooked to perfection,and I don't think I ever had the dish with real fresh pineapple. The sauteed veggies were like they were picked fresh from the garden and had just the right amount of garlic added for that flavorful kick. The price was definitely a bit more than takeout, but nowhere near the 'fru-fru' places that try but do not deliver. It is still cheaper than a flight to NYC and cab ride to SOHO, and the taste is the same. I cannot wait to go back!
3	High class Chinese food! :)Its kind of funny cause back in Davis there is a Red88 not to get confused, 2 different things...Surprisingly...with the high cost, the portions were not bad especially the fried rice dishes. Of course, your still looking at $10+ for some fried rice ($5 in normal places) but hey everything in Vegas is over priced. Authentic or not?Actually Authentic, yet another surprise. it actually doesn't taste like it is completely catered to American Style. Setting: Very nice and Asianish as in they have a lot of statues of budas and what not. Very Asian detailing on the walls and plates and the colors were RED (obvious from the name) and black. Service: It was ok, not the greatest. Never really asked how we were doing and hard to get a hold of them.Price: TOOOO Much for Asian food. Duck: SoO goooood! it may look small but actually filling
5	Imagine if you took all the best Chinese chefs from all your favorite holes in the wall and put them into one restaurant. You've got Red 8. This is Panda Express on steroids, and it is noticeably better.Down the hall, at Wing Lei, they have a much more pretentious Chinese dining experience that will cost you four-fold. If your taste buds know and enjoy the taste of money, then feel free to take your champagne glass and handerkchief-in-pocket down the hall.But if you want some food that tastes better, plain and simple, then stop by Red 8.
4	Came here for a quick bite.Awesome egg noodle soup (think it was a red 8 special) compared to other places on the strip. I don't like Asia Noodle inside of Venetian because their broth is too bland. Dumplings in the noodle soup was sooo flavorful and packed with various ingredients.Hargow was up to par.Authentic taste. Cannot compare at ALL to Panda Express so I'm not sure why some reviewers were comparing it to Panda. Prices are reasonable for Vegas and being inside Wynn
3	I ate here for Halloween- it was pretty pleasant.  The wait staff was very entertained when we came in our costumes!  We had made reservations and we were seated underneath the gigantic crystal dragon.  The decor was very oriental yet contemporary.Let me start of with a disclaimer though- you cannot compare this place to Wing Lei, as other reviewers have done.  Not only is Red 8 in the casual dining tier versus Wing Lei's fine dining classification, but Red 8 is meant to cater to a different crowd.  Tourists, yes, but a different type of tourist.  One who doesn't want to splurge on food, just wants something quick to eat, or wants a Pan-Asian meal because essentially, that is what Red 8 serves.A reviewer earlier described this place pretty accurately- a Panda Express on steroids.  Just throw in some Indonesian, Thai, and Cantonese dishes in there and you're all set.The food was pretty good- nothing stunning, but something worth its money.  I had the pineapple fried rice, which was very nice since I don't know of any other restaurant that makes that.  And actually, we were all mooching off of each others' dishes, so I can't remember everything I ate!  All I know is that I would go to Red 8 again- not too often, but if there's a small occasion to celebrate.I'm giving this place 3 stars because of the food.  Noodles Restaurant and other casual dining restaurants that are similar to Red 8 deliver much better in terms of food.  I can't fault the service- it was flawless.  They were vibrant and worth going back just for to see them again.  Sadly, I can't say the same for the food.
3	Stopped in here for a quick bite before heading to Le Reve. Fast service, delicious satay and edamame (can you mess up edamame?)The reason I give it 3 stars is because of the drink we ordered and the service. The description did not match the drink and for 16 dollars, you expect to get what you order. Also, we never had the same server. One person took our drink order, another brought it. Same with food. When it came time to leave, we had to wave someone down.
4	Came here for a late lunch one day. The place was only half full and pretty quiet, which I really appreciated. We ordered vegetable steamed bun, har gow, egg noodle soup, and choi sum stir fried with garlic. Everything was really good, I especially liked the veggie steamed bun, I could have eaten just 10 of that and left this place happy. The egg noodle soup was really good too (it definitely satisfied my mom who was craving soup noodle the whole time we were in vegas!!). I would say this place is WAY better than Wazuzu in Encore. So if you're at Wynn or Encore and want quick Asian food fix, definitely go to this place over Wazuzu.
2	I ordered the special dumpling noddle soup and to be honest, it wasn't all that special. It was pretty bland in my taste and overpriced! But then again...it IS vegas so you can't expect much. Overall experience is average.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. Have been coming to Red 8 for years, and love its fancy Asian diner vibe. Great for late night noodles and peoplewatching. Trytge congee if you are adventurous... The standard dim sun fixings are great, love the wide Penang style wok- fried noodles. Service can be a bit slow, but the food is worth it. A bargain in the Wynn hotel.
3	standard chinese food... nothing spectacular... except for the price, but youre in vegas and youre right next to the wynn casino... so i guess you have to  suck it up...anyway out of the pan fried seafood noodle, mongolian beef, and garlic bok choi, the noodles were the best, beef next, and then bok choi...oh yeah... the rice is jasmine rice which i am not a fan of... i like my rice sticky... you can order brown rice as well...
4	Red 8 is located in the Wynn Hotel & Casino and is a very charming "Red" Asian inspired restaurant.  We had the Crab claws $10 for 2 pieces expensive but  tasty, Mongolian Beef $21 and Fried Rice Chicken & beef $18.  I enjoyed the ambiance and the food was decent.  Service was great they checked on us often to make sure everything was to our satisfaction and to see if we needed water, drinks, etc...
3	Kinda pricey for the portions.  But the assorted BBQ platter was rocking ($28). Everyone around was drinking water (Drinks cost $12-$20).
3	A great place for a quick bite @Wynn.  The food is not bad, but nothing special either.  Just perfect place for a quickie Asian lunch.  I would go there again.
3	Red 8 is a Chinese restaurant in the Wynn Hotel.  I ordered Kung Pao chicken, which was very tasty, although not as spicy as it might have been.  The portion was a good size and the ingredients were fresh.I gave Red 8 a 3 star mainly because it was so overpriced - $19 for a dish that costs $9 anywhere else is problematic.
4	This is a good choice if you're looking for a relatively casual and inexpensive meal in Vegas. My wife and I went here on a weeknight for dinner and there was no wait at all. We didn't want a full meal as we had had a big lunch, so we opted for just drinks and entrees. She had the Sweet & Sour Chicken and I had the Kung Pao Chicken - both staples on the American Chinese menu. The portions were adequate, but we may have wanted a little more if we had been hungrier. Nevertheless, it was still a very good meal.The atmosphere is quite eye-catching as you walk by the restaurant with its red decor (hence the name). We were seated by a window looking out to the Wynn casino floor, but didn't find it overly loud or distracting.After our meal, tax, and tip the total came to about $55 for the two of us (two entrees and non-alcoholic drinks).
4	Excellent food and outstanding service.  You cannot go wrong here.
3	$9 for dim sum? $20 for a bowl of noodles? Is it worth the convenience of eating Chinese food on the strip? No. No. The food was not bad, but average. Had a beef brisket noodles; small portion, expensive. Would rather eat burgers than eat here again though. If you're feeling for some Chinese food, go off the strip to Chinatown. It's worth that extra drive.
3	Real rating- 3.5, extra half star for really great service!Red 8 provides a nice ambience without crazy Vegas hotel dining prices. Don't get me wrong, it is by no means cheap but it isn't very expensive either. The food is not extraordinary but good enough, even though one of the dishes was really salty. Overall, there aren't many decently priced, nice places for Chinese food on the strip so Red 8 is a good option if Chinese is what you're looking for.
4	I was in Vegas a few weeks ago and got the chance to try 3 Asian casual dining restaurants at a couple of Vegas hotels - Red 8 (Wynn), Beijing 99 (Caesar's Palace), and Wazuzu (Encore).Out of the 3, I would rank them the following in terms of authentic flavors and yumminess - 1. Red 8 (yummiest)2. Beijing 99 (delish)3. Wazuzu (boo!)I would rank them like this in terms of value1. Beijing 99 (good selection of entrees and price range between $12-$19)2. Red 8 (also good selection of entrees and prices between $12-$19)3. Wazuzu (OVERPRICE ALERT!)Overall, I would return to Red 8 and Beijing 99 for solid PF Chang-like food with PF Chang-like prices.  The chicken stirfries at Red 8 hit the spot in the couple of dishes we ordered.  The sweet and sour pork packed a vinegary punch.  The portions are well-sized, and the wait staff was friendly.  Best of all, the entrees are mostly under $21.  That's great compared to other Vegas restaurants that have $40 entrees!Other things on the menu that we liked - the wonton noodles, and the dim sum.I'm sure there are other better Chinese options off the strip, but Red 8 is a solid Chinese bet if you're stuck on the Vegas strip without a car to get to decent Asian places in Vegas.
3	ehh it wasn't the best but not the worst.I had the monoglian beef
2	I give the food 4 stars; it's pretty decent although it is pricey for what you get.  But hey, it is the Strip after all.The service I give 1/2 star (thus the average of about 2 stars).  We watched time and again as our waiter breezed past our table, without so much as a glance toward our empty glasses, in order to pander to larger groups.  Obviously he thought he was going to get bigger tips from them...turns out he was right.  It didn't have to be that way though.  Here is my tip to the Red 8 wait staff:  Don't make the customers ask you for everything; if all their glasses are empty ask them if they need some more water or another drink.  If they would like to box up the uneaten portion of their dinner, box it all up instead of half.  Ask them if they'd like dessert or anything else before you drop the check on their table.  Most importantly, even if your opinion is to the contrary, treat them as if they deserve to be dining in your fine restaurant.
5	Fantastic food. The Kung pao was to die for..
4	Definitely overpriced, but what isn't at the Wynn? The food itself is good, the dim sum especially. What I like about Red 8 is you can expect each dish to be made with quality ingredients and prepared in a "Grade A" environment. I've been to dim sum places around town that make my tummy cringe in fear; however, at Red 8, these fears are gone. Wondering why the restaurant is named Red 8? Well, once you go there, you'll know why. From the red walls to the red place mats to the red roses, there's a lot of red going on. I'm sure there's a lot of Feng shui going on as well, as Steve Wynn opened Red 8 to cater specifically to the Asian clientele visiting the casino (I think I learned that from a Wynn video that plays on repeat on the room TVs). Our server was friendly and helpful in choosing the best dim sum to order:Shrimp Har Gow- 4 piecesPork Dumplings- 3 pieces, The dumplings were bursting with flavor and juiceSteamed BBQ Pork Buns- Soft, pillowy buns filled with sweet BBQ porkWe also ordered two Red 8 Signature Dishes:Combination Fried Rice- Shrimp, chicken, beef. A Pan-Fried Noodle Dish- Wide rice noodles and tender pieces of beef pan-fried in soya sauceI enjoyed all the dim sum, especially when dipped in the vinegar and mustard. However, for the main dishes, I preferred the noodles over the fried rice. In conclusion, the food was good and the service was nice. If price wasn't a factor, I would go back again to try their other dim sum choices.
2	Well, what can I say.  I didn't love this place.  The food was very good but unfortunately we couldn't keep the server's attention.We had meals that were about $20 a plate.  I attribute that to being Las Vegas so that really wasn't off putting as much as having to beg for refills and having all four of our glasses empty and having that being ignored.We got a to go box for our leftovers and took it back to the room.  That worked out well.  But then there was the waiting for the check and then when I immediately laid the credit card down.  Waiting for someone to take it.  A woman that worked there finally noticed as our server was elsewhere and took care of it.  I left $5 for a $70 dinner and that was probably too much because instead of staying poor service it probably simply said I was cheap.  Well, whatever.The food was worthwhile but I don't know if I could take the slow service again.It was definitely a convenient place while staying at the Encore.
3	Yes, it is overpriced but the food is very good.  Service seemed to be hit or miss. (hit the first time I came, miss the second)  Lots of vegetarian options and the sushi isn't bad, although I think the noodle dishes are much better.  I was not impressed with the dim sum though and would advise avoiding that portion of the menu/
3	Check out the ceiling by the entrance!  The restaurant has a robust atmosphere and can put one in a lively mood!The best part of the meal was dessert.  So, I'll start with what we had.  We ordered mango pudding and it was delicious!  They also had other desserts that were appealing --- lychee sorbet, coconut pudding, etc. but aside from the mango pudding, we also ordered their fried banana with ice cream. I know it's hard to mess up fried banana.  But Red 8's was fried to perfection -- not too sweet and not too soft!!!The main dishes we had included mongolian beef and sweet and sour chicken both of which were moderately-spiced.  There was nothing extraordinary about the dishes.  I suppose they tasted comparable to chinese food from any China town, only served in fancier plates.  We also had vegetable fried rice and it was average.  Although we were in a lively mood at dinner, having spent an entire day filled with activities, the food did not necessarily sustain our mood.  I felt a little dehydrated towards the end, which is why I drank a lot of water and ate most of the desserts to neutralize the slightly-salty taste from the beef.
2	I've come here once before 2 years ago and it was mediocre... but i came back to give it another chance.Our group of 6 was put into that little bird cage thing in the corner. Let me warn you, they WILL forget about you if you do. Appetizers consisted of the turnip cake + jellyfish/chicken.Entrees we all ordered pretty much wonton soup/dumpling soup with one order of the panfried noodles.It took over 30 minutes for a simple appetizer to come out. Entrees took another 15 on top. The dumpling soup i ordered tasted like it came out of a instant noodle package. The pan fried noodles my friend ordered were SOAKED in grease and just wet.We had to pop our heads out to get our servers attention since we probably only saw him twice.Mediocre service, Mediocre food, 7 dollars for jasmine Tea, and another bad experience. I will pass on Red 8. Never again.
4	Really enjoyed the dim sum and appetizers.The steam pork buns could have had a little more flavor, but not bad.The lettuce wraps were amazingly delicious.Great service, very attentive.  We told them we had La Reve tickets at 9:30 and they made sure to get us in and out in perfect amount of time to get to the show on the other side of casino.
4	I absolutely love the food here. The atmosphere is warm and inviting.  Can't wait to go back to Vegas to visit again. The dumplings are unlike any I've ever had!
4	I always get the Kung Pao Chicken. Which is absolutely delicious. The service is good too. My only issue is like most casino restaurants its overpriced
4	Located just off the blackjack tables at the Wynn Hotel, Red 8 is beautifully decorated and the food is high end.  Not a hole-in-the-wall messy restaurant with fully authentic tasting food, but more of an Americanized version of delicious Chinese.  Which is sometimes better on the stomach, if you know what I mean!  Read the full review on my blog.
4	red 8, ive been my first time about 2 years ago with a group of family and the food was excellent a bit pricey but very good but thats vegas for ya, the beef was mouth melting and most fusion places and chinese places the beef is chewy but not this one i enjoyed every piece and so did my family, they usually have a long wait so get there early an put your name down if you are in vegas you must try!
5	I'm not sure why this place only has 3 stars?!?!This is a must go when I'm at Wynn!!! Always go for lunch but it's overall high quality Chinese food!!!I've ordered everything from the dim sums, congee, braised abalone, soup noodles, sweet and sour pork, crispy noodles, house fried rice... And many more!!!My favs are the abalone congee, crispy fried noodles, fried rice, pot stickers, shiu Mai, sweet and sour pork and their noodle soup. Pretty much everything I've tried is great! Also the chicken items are always soooo tender. Service is great ( most of the time) the hosts are always very nice!!Better than wing lei. DO NOT go there!!!
3	This place is very good. Top notch food and service. The bad thing is that its way over priced.
4	Came here for lunch yesterday and I really enjoyed everything :)  I thought all the flavors were a solid "Good!"  were they amazing?  No.. but it was good.We ordered a variety of plates ranging from dim sums like sesame sweet dumplings, crab claw, shu mai, and beef noodles.  Service was efficient and drinks were delicious.2 thumbs up!
4	Pricey Chinese but so worth it.
2	My husband and I came here for lunch during our last Vegas visit.  I won't talk about the price because it's Vegas and it's in the Wynn, but the food itself wasn't really that good.  I know I shouldn't have expected much from a Chinese restaurant in a casino, but I took my chances anyway.  I had their special dumplings with noodles in soup and my husband had the Taiwanese beef noodles.Both dishes were incredibly bland with no seasoning whatsoever.  I had to load up my soup with soy sauce just to make it palatable (something I never do in an Asian restaurant).  Lunch for 2 was about $35 pre-tip with no beverages or appetizers.  Service was also painfully slow, even though there were only 3 other tables in the restaurant with plenty of waitstaff.  I've eaten at the noodle place in the Bellagio, which is similarly priced and so much better.  Would not recommend - you're probably better off just ordering room service, getting fast food or going somewhere else on the strip.
4	My husband and I came this place for lunch, both of us like the food here. We ordered the sea bass, which is very good! And we also like the house special ox tail soup. Five stars for the food, three stars for the price. It's a little bit pricy, but worth to try!
4	I was happy to read ahead of time that Steve Wynn who is now vegan,  has vegan options at each of his restaurants.  I wanted to try one of them, Red 8 was the first one I passed while walking through the hotel, so I decided to try it.  I was thinking of either the lettuce wraps or the Gardein "chicken" with broccoli, carrots,celery and cashews in a ginger sauce.(actually I substituted the mushrooms for broccoli which they had no problem doing) The waiter told me the wraps are pretty small and more of an appetizer and to go with the other, so I did. It was very flavorful! I liked it a lot even though it was $18..they sell Gardein in Whole Foods and other health food stores, so it's not something they make on their own in the restaurant so it seems a bit pricey for it, but the food was really well cooked,the vegetables were so good and fresh. The waiter was very friendly too. I'd recommend coming here.
4	The restaurant near XS was closed so my wife and I decided to come here. We really enjoyed the vegan options they had. The price was about a hundred dollars for the both of us. We only had the dim sum and one order of lettuce wrap. The Gardein Shumai was pretty good for not being the real thing, but the dumplings stuck together. The Gardein Buns were really good. Overall we really enjoyed ourselves. Great atmosphere and friendly service, even though it was pretty slow. The food was pretty good too. I believe I wouldn't have enjoyed it as much if I wasn't a vegan.
2	Had the ox tail soup which was very good. The steamed rice was undercooked, service was horrible.  Also had some dim sum which was all very good! Lucky for us the meal was on the house!
1	During a stay at the Wynn, my family wanted a quick and casual meal on the property without breaking the bank.  We had youngsters and our parents weren't in the mood for "fine" dining, so we decided to try a "family style" meal at the Red 8 Restaurant.  We had 8 people in our group: 3 senior citizens, a couple of young adults and younger ones.  Upon entering the restaurant, I immediately noticed how quiet things were.  Aside from another small group that came in close to when we were trying to leave, the restaurant was completely empty.  I actually like when things are quiet because the service is usually better, but it was not so at the Red 8.  We were the ONLY guests in the restaurant but they managed to ignore us for long stretches and disappear to the back.  They took our order and brought out the food...and that was basically all we saw of our waitperson.  Of course, this meant that we had to wait a ridiculous amount of time to get our bill and pay for it, not to mention empty glasses and a bunch of unsatisfied family members, but bad restaurant experiences happen, right?Before I get to the food, I should say a few words about the restaurant.  It was red, clean, modern, didn't look like your typical Chinese restaurant (but the Wynn isn't trying to give you the typical), and was very dark.  Our parents couldn't see anything, but I can see how they might have been trying to create an intimate or romantic ambiance with the dim lighting.  It really didn't do anything for me, but I can see how some people might like it or be impressed.  You know what they say about dim restaurants - it's dark so you can't see the food.I have only been here once because I do not have a reason to return despite my numerous stays at the Wynn.  Your experience may be different, hopefully better than mine, though I'm not sure if I'd even take a chance considering the plentiful options and my overall experience at the Red 8.  Basically, the food is very similar to what you would find at a Panda Express.  I know it sounds like an unreasonably low-blow, but if you've eaten here, you'd probably agree with my assessment.  I realize the Red 8 tries to dress up the dishes with ingredients or better cuts of meat, but the taste, presentation, and even the portions seemed to come straight from a carryout container from Panda Express.  I have had my share of fancy Chinese restaurants/banquets, and the Red 8 isn't even in the same class as a P.F. Chang's, which is terribly disappointing considering my high opinion of the Wynn Resort.  Our total bill came out to about $300 with tip.  It was the worst meal I've had on the Wynn Property, and probably one of the worst overall dining experiences I've had in Vegas.  I'm not sure what's more annoying: paying premium prices for inferior food or the terrible service - that's why I cannot give this place a recommendation.  The Wynn could "comp" my meal during my next visit, and I'd still pass because I'm not in Vegas to take a chance on my entertainment/food.  I'll gamble at the tables, but not with my meal.  In my opinion, the Red 8 Restaurant seems more like a tourist trap for Asian guests at the Wynn than an actual restaurant - if you know what I mean.  Try the Lemongrass Restaurant at Aria or go straight to Panda Express - but avoid the Red 8.
1	Why a restaurant of this quality can manage to open this long?? In Wynn some more?? When we walk into the restaurant we have to greet the hostess first instead of her greeting us.Then it takes forever just to get our drinks. I mean, our appetisers arrived before our drink and she even ordered the wrong appetiser. If you dont want to work there then go home and send someone else.I ordered a $22 singapore laksa because they said its their specialty. The noodles were so small portion and although the soup taste good, I realised they probably put lots of msg cos I am thirsty for the rest of the evening. My fiancee ordered an eggplant noodle and yet theres not a single eggplant in it, I think she ordered a pork feet for her instead. We are too hungry to care so we just carry on munching  on those little portion of foods.You spent $70 and u are still hungry, man, should've gone to chinatown. Anyway, when they delivered the bill, it was ridiculous, they put some stuff that we didnt even ordered. CHECK UR BILL BEFORE YOU PAID.Absolutely make sure you CHECK UR BILL!!! I would never come back thats for sure. Red 8 my ass you should call urself one done!!!
4	Good spicy food for a late night dinner! Everything we got was awesome! Mapo tofu, Kung pao chicken, Singapore noodles and pad Thai type flat noodles. Highly recommended.
1	They were out of Chilean Sea Bass, so we had to order the steamed Rock Fish.  This entre alone was $120.00.  It only barely fed one person.  All skull and bones.  Do not order this, it is a total major rip off.  Felt for my brother since he recommended this restaurant and I was afraid to askhim  what the total bill was.  I'm guessing $300 for three people. The rest of the meal was minimal and left us hungry.  Had to go to place in the food court nearby later for a snack.
5	Dimsum at the Wynn? Yes. Is it legit? Yes. Will i return. Yes. Wasnt it expensive? Who cares*must order Shumai.
5	Food was exceptional. Atmosphere was very inviting & comfortable. Service excellent,!!
5	My friend and I were walking around the Wynn hotel and other local hotels nearby to see if anything interest us like at midnight. We previewed their menu and the first thing that made us say "yes" to it was the roasted duck.Our hostess was very kind to seat us away from the smokers & everybody else, plus it was at a booth :)Our server was on top of things, he filled our drinks when it was half-full, generously offered to refill our soy sauce, and checked on us a lot to see if we're doing fine.We ordered the roasted duck, which was small, but for a good amount, it was really delicious. Cooked to perfection, no burnt tasting flavors, and the sauce that came with it was absolutely magnificent to our taste buds. We also ordered some Curry-rice noodles with pork and veggies (signature dish). Hint of spicy, but it was awesome pair with our steamed vegetables.Great food, service, and decent price. I would want to go here again, and possibly try other signature dishes too. The place has a very Asian theme to it. Nicely decorated & some fine Ming porcelains.
4	One of my favorite chinese restaurants in vegas!
5	Real good food.Friendly servers.Great decor.We had a very good experience!!
2	Food and service was poor. The servers hardly spoke English. My vegan dish had no flavor and it was pricy.
4	Every visit to sin city I always stop in to this place to get my favorite dish, their mapo tofu is so good. Plus the place is very casual and relaxing to hang out and eat with friends.
4	It's a bit pricey yes but you're in Vegas and you're at the Wynn.  Why am I giving this place four stars and not the three like everyone else?  First of all, nice decor.  The decor is nicer than Noodles and Zine which are two comparative Chinese restaurants on the strip.  Second, the noodles, fried rice and the mango sago with pomelo was better than any restaurant that I've ate at here in the Bay Area.  I'm talking about SF where Chinese food should be good but it isn't as good as Red 8.  I like this place as a quick stop for noodles and fried rice like an afternoon snack or late night snack.
4	A hidden gem for authentic Chinese food in Las Vegas casino. We were staying at Encore and this restaurant is so conveniently located. The quality of food is exceptional and no MSG was detected in the food during our two meals at this restaurant. Although it's a bit pricy but it's worth it if you wanted to have a nice and light Chinese meal/snack in Las Vegas. Great customer service too!Furthermore, the selection of wine in their wine list is not bad at all! Highly recommended!
2	Cashew chicken and beef stir fry noodle were both unappetizingly bland. Service was lackluster. With all the fabulous dining, spend an extra $4, and 20 minute wait if need be, and go anywhere else. 2 stars were only because of ambiance and price. But even still, would've rather paid more for "Strip-quality" food.
1	Was not impressed. Appetizers, entrees, service, the whole bit. I expected a lot more. I basically ended up eating rice for $100. I told my waiter I didn't like the appetizers, and sent them back practically untouched, I was still billed for them. I do not waste my time giving bad reviews but I was so underwhelmed by this place. The quality of the food was poor, but if you like overpriced Mcnugget satay go for it .
4	Very tasty and fast service!  A cheaper option for a nice meal out.  Spent $70 on two entrees and two drinks.  Not a bad deal for the quality of the food.  Very creative and unique menu.  Lots of vegetarian options!
2	decent but not extraordinary Hong Kong noodle house cuisine, but WAY overpriced ($7 for a pot of hot tea? An outrage!) Staff was attentive and professional.
4	Impressively authentic establishment for being a casino resto. Girlfriends and I were craving a break from the steakhouse regimen that is Vegas and came here courtesy rec from the concierge at Encore, where we were staying.Must-order: Shanghai xiao long bao were well-made, delicate skin still preserving the dumpling broth inside, which was flavorful. Most US establishments (minus Ding Tai Fung and authentic dimsum houses in LA/SF/NY/Vancouver) can't make XLB to save their lives - skin too thick, not enough broth, etc.Has a modest dimsum menu (made to order) - the shiu mai was yummy as was the luo buo gao (pan-fried turnip cake). Didn't care for the bbq pork in the cha siu bao (bbq pork buns) - the bread was decent, but the actual flavor was eh.Noodles: Niu nan (beef tendon) noodle was decent, and for the less adventurous the pork & shrimp dumpling noodle was delish. Everything tasted fresh and well-made - zero MSG after-taste.Decor is under-stated modern Chinese, red/white accents, black lacquer. Tastefully done. Restaurant is on the quieter side, which is good for a break. Prices are reasonable ($15ish for noodles, $9/dimsum dish).Service was average but would return if I was staying at the Encore.
3	Two words: vegan dim sum.  Oops, that's three.  Anyway, they have it, and it's delicious.  But it's pricey.  Very pricey. Went with a friend and sampled 4 different dishes, two from the dim sum menu (jade dumplings and tofu shumai), and two entrees (Gardein "chicken" lettuce wraps and tofu shiitake stir fry.  Every thing was so tasty, especially the dumplings.  Seasonings were right on; super flavorful.  The stir fry came with Chinese broccoli and American? broccoli and BROWN RICE! yay.  The service was pretty terrible though.  We didn't even get water until after we already had our meal, and it was never really clear who our server was.The atmosphere is great, the food is great; but at these prices, I'd expect better service.
5	Red 8 is quite possibly the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas. It is located in the Wynn and is spectacularly designed as the hotel is. The hostesses are always friendly and walk you themselves to the table. The foods impeccable. We always get the shrimp Chow Mein ($24) and and tried the Sweet and Sour Chicken tonight ($19). Both dishes were so delicious. The Chow Mein does only have 4 shrimp but it's Vegas so that's expected. The Sweet and Sour Chicken is plentiful and so good. The soft drinks are $4. This particular night we didn't have the best waiter but usually they are very attentive and helpful. I would definitely recommend this restaurant when you come to Vegas. It is totally worth the price.
2	Stopped in here for dinner as it was located closest to my hotel room. Compared to other restaurants in the Wynn-Encore compound this one lacks. The food is hit or miss; the service was slow and lackluster (they were not that busy) and the cost is high. There are better options in Vegas and even within the Wynn-Encore indoor mall.
5	This place is aways aways busy!! The food is very very good in this place!! And don't forget; the price for Wynn u just can't beat it!!' service is good great!!
3	This is a nice place to eat. The service was very good and getting seated was quick. the prices were very good for a sit down restaurant in the Wynn.  I had the Kung Pao Chicken and it was OK. The flavor was pretty bland for a spicy dish and it had nothing special about it. My wife enjoyed the cashew chicken.  So I my review would be that if I needed to get dinner and could not walk elsewhere then I would go here.
5	Ok people!! This is my second times come in for dinner!! I just love love the food and the price here!! Trust me!! They are aways aways busy!! ( as u can see when u walk in ) u got to try the thai tea here!! It's sooo good!! Not to sweet and u can and boba if u like!! U just can't beat it!!
4	this is and has been one of my favorite go to restaurants in las vegas since they have opened... for being inside a casino, they're pretty damn legit (authenticity wise). I'm used to official chinese food all over the world.... (people knock Mr. Chows, but besides the price, it's consistent and delicious) but I'm really used to eating such great chinese food from Monterey Park, well this is that, but presented so much nicer and the food is top notch. I see the top chefs from all the 5 star restaurants inside the wynn eat there at random hours and they don't trip on how you dress. the food is a little expensive, but I don't care. the salt and pepper chilean sea bass is amazing!!! I have had almost everything on their menu and they're just so consistent and always good. I never miss at least one meal there whenever I go
1	Sub-par, at best. The chicken satay and Mongolian beef didnt seem to be a good quality - they were gristly and lacking flavor. The only thing slightly enjoyable was the green beans with ginger, green beans were fresh.Service - wait staff never asked if we were ok or enjoying our food - maybe they know?  Even when we asked for the bill, the waiter came back, not with the bill, but to try to convince us of dessert..um no thanks....I would say that there are many other restaurants out there that will be enjoyable.
1	The customer service here SUCKED!  Bryan was by far the worst waiter ever.  When you are asked for another drink there is absolutely no reason for the horrendous attitude.  We were so mortified we did not drink it for fear of spit...  Our waitress took our order and disappeaered... If we would of stayed longer we would still be waiting for service...  This place sucked a$$.  It want to be treated poorly go visit the transients by Freemont St.  They would actually treat you much better.  Do not waste your time or money there.  You have been  forwarned.
3	Red 8 is a pretty good americanized chinese food. I love the Oxtail soup along with their mongolian beef and rice.. The ambiance is really nice and the service is wonderful. The dessert menu can use a bit of work but still ok. The price is a bit expensive , i think your paying for the ambiance and the fact that you are dining at the Wynn.. I don't suggest this place for chinese food. I would only go back here if i was invited, but still glad i checked this restaurant off my list.
3	3.5 stars.  It's better than 3, but doesn't deserve a 4 star rating.  Our service was pretty slow while we were there- I think there was only 2 waiters working the entire restaurant while we were there.  I ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai and my hubby had the pork belly.  The pad thai was really really good and was a massive portion, which is a good thing b/c his pork belly didn't come w/ anything else- it was just meat.  So I gave him a huge pile of my noodles and I still couldn't finish it.Cool moment though:  while we were sitting there eating, Pete Rose walked in and ate dinner a couple of tables over from us.  It's not every day that you can say you dined next to a legend!
4	Really good mixed bbq platter, especially pork. Great decor, be sure and notice the ceiling in the entry.
3	I agree with another poster who said this is a 3.5.  Think of it as your run-of-the-mill chinese restaurant but just a slight step above.  The menu is pretty standard but it's all good quality food.  It's a small venue so unless you have reservations, prepare for a long-ish wait.  Our group shared the chicken satay for a starter and it was very well prepared.  We all agreed that our friend who ordered the bar-b-que sampler had the best plate.  It includes duck, pork belly, and one other meat (chicken?).  While it was extremely good, that's all that was on the plate: just the meats, no veggies or anything.Overall, a good place but nothing to write home about.
4	I'm sorry to see the poor reviews for this restaurant.  I was lucky enough to come here late in the evening, almost at closing time so I did not have the wait that other's experienced, and the wait staff was quite attentive.   The restaurant itself is lovely inside although you can hear the gaming tables nearby.The menu is on the pricy side but when you are vegan and it is after midnight in Vegas, options are slim so we gave it a try.Steve Wynn is vegan so all of his restaurants in his hotels have vegan options on the menu.  Something that makes me say, hey Steve, I'm only going to stay in your hotels for the rest of my herbivore life.We had the Pad Thai with tofu.  The dish was incredibly delicious and the tofu was cooked perfectly.  Believe it or not, tofu can sometimes be a challenge to cook without it being rubbery and there were two varieties of tofu in this dish.  My husband and I split an order and I was left wishing I wasn't sharing.  We also shared some dim sum appetizers which were unique and cooked to perfection.As a nice touch, the coffee we really good, served with (and I'm not sure of the actual name of this) the little stick with the sugar crystals on it.  The kids thought this was great.Even though we were there after closing time, they did not rush us and we enjoyed every moment of our experience.  Can't wait to get back to Vegas and eat at Red 8 again.
5	This place is delicious. The quality of the food is so apparent. We always get these pork potsticker/dumpling things in a chili sauce for an appetizer and they are so full of flavor. We've also tried the steamed bbq pork buns and they were very good. I usually get the Pad Thai for a main entree and I mix the leftover sauce from the potsticker appetizer into the noodles. The chicken in the Pad Thai is so tender and fresh ahh so good. Service is always great.
4	Loved the vegan options! Both my husband and I were impressed with the food and service. Fresh, vibrant and tasty meals. House made lemon soda was outstanding!
5	This is my favorite lunch place in all of Vegas (I havet o admit that I absolutely adore Asian food) and it's located in my favorite hotel in Vegas, too. I'd recommend everyone give it a try - I don't think you'll be upset.SERVICE: My service hasn't been anything terrible or stellar in previous visits. My most recent visit had GREAT service - a nice Southern girl who took several pictures of our table, gave us drink and food recommendations and didn't rush us at all. The hostess agreed to let us have this great "bird cage" table/room even though there were only five of us - so nice!FOOD: This place is like an upscale P.F. Chang's with a larger menu. Our table ordered the panang noodles, the pad thai (with chicken instead of shrimp) and the Kung Pao chicken. Everyone at themselves silly because although the portions are HUGE, the food was so good and no one wanted to leave a noodle behind.DRINKS: Two of our diners had a mojito and LOVED them - they even had bamboo sticks in them. Really cute. I turned the mocktail lemonade into a cocktail with gin and liked that pretty well, too. Great drink menu for a lunch stop.ATMOSPHERE: I like the color scheme in this restaurant and have never been disappointed with the table we've been given. One thing I would admit: the other diners in my group did not find the chairs very comfortable.OVERALL: This is seriously my favorite lunch place in Vegas - a must-stop while we're there. Don't worry about meals long after - you'll be full for the next five hours.
5	Lunch with my hot wife.The dim sum was delicious we had several kinds and everything was prepared perfectly. The service was excellent and the price was reasonable. I would definitely recommend this to anyone in the area where the special trip just to try the tasty delicacies.
5	WOW! Everything we ordered was so fresh and awesome. We wil return here again. We ate here before seeing Le Reve'. AS the show was wonderful, so was  Red 8.Service was so exceptional. It is one of the best Asian we have eaten, in Las Vegas.
3	Some people may feel that Red 8 serves over-priced, average quality chinese food.  But let me right off the bat say that the food here is actually of a pretty good quality.  It is true that you will pay a slightly higher price for the food given that it is in the upscale Wynn hotel, but then again, if you really crave good, authentic asian food while on the strip and do not have the time to drive out to Chinatown, then Red 8 is probably a good place to settle, because it does have decent food.  So I've giving it a solid three stars becuase it is nothing spectacular, but when you just want a simple Asian meal in a nice setting, then Red 8 is the place to go.  Head to Wing Lei if you want an upscale experience with phenomenal quality Chinese food. The setting is pretty casual and you can come in dressed as you are, although I have seen some people dining here who are dressed pretty nicely.  Order their noodle dishes - get it from the section of the menu which offers noodle dishes from the Wynn Macau.  Those are the excellent dishes, and if I remember prices correctly are priced about $15 per plate of noodles. Not bad for the Wynn, I think. I've eaten here a few times and the last time I was here I got the Mapo Tofu.  It was delicious.  The sauce was not too starchy (which can happen when too much corn starch is used) and the pork was pretty lean, yet still added flavor to the dish. As an aside, the debate over mapo tofu is usually whether to use lean or fatty pork.  Fatty pork obviously lends more flavor to the dish, but lean pork is preferred by health-concious consumers. My wife often ordered noodle soup dishes as she loves them, and the times I have been here for lunch, I always see Asian customers eating the noodle soup dishes, so they are probably pretty good.  As for me, I prefer more saucy or gravy-type dishes, hence my recent pick of their Mapo Tofu.
4	I'll start by saying they have a good amount of stuff on the menu here from the Wynn Macau so the food is pretty authentic. My favorite dish here are the Hong Kong Crispy Noodles. The noodles are really good and they don't smother it in cheap xo sauce. The downside to this place is that they don't take reservations and they like to pretend they're busier than they actually are. I would recommend putting your name down, coming back, and not accepting their "you weren't back fast enough" excuse they might try to hand out (as in my case). Vegas is all about false scarcity. Don't take it! On the flip side, actual food service was very good. I would come here again!
4	This is probably the best bargain in the Wynn. Ironically, I've stayed here a couple of times, but did not try Red 8 until this trip when I stayed at the Mandarin. Go figure.  Steve Wynn's Macau location gets some love here on the menu in the form of some nice noodle dishes. Standouts for me were the cold chicken and jellyfish appetizer, and my Traditional Beijing Pork Noodles. I like that this place isn't stuffy, just good food at reasonable (for Vegas) prices.
4	I'm going to say, of the Asian restaurants in Las Vegas in the hotels, I've had my share of good experiences, often followed by large dining bills.  Red 8 is right priced for the location.  The food quality and quantity is good.  I gotta say, I love their noodles.  Yes, you might find similar quality in Chinatown for a fraction of the cost, but you're in a casino where you might be dropping $20-50 per hand on blackjack or pulling slots, so in actuality, if you're going to throw money away like that in a gamble, a 'sure bet" is to treat yourself to a nice meal at Red 8, and you'll always walk away a winner!
3	Red 8 is a semi-casual asian restaurant thats located in the Wynn casino. The ambiance is pretty good and keeps with the theme of elegance that surrounds the Wynn. I was a little surprised though that they provided cheap bamboo chopsticks instead of the nicer looking ones I usually find in more upscale asian restaurants.The menu has favorites from different asian cuisines. From  the dim sum offerings we tried the shrimp dumplings and veggie rolls. Both were tasty and well cooked.For the entrees we got the seafood Laska, the penang flat noodles and the broccoli dish for my vegetarian friend. All of us liked our entrees for the most part. I think the dishes could be more spicy but I have that complaint with most places. They did provide some hot sauce to spice it up.One of my friends had the Mojito which he said was pretty good. I had the Tsing Tao which was just what I needed. Its obviously a little expensive overall but thats to be expected in a place like the Wynn.
4	Came here for lunch right when they opened so no wait.  Portions are pretty small so if you plan on sharing this is probably not the right place.  I had halibat and it was good.  Coocked right and not too salty. Service was good and we were in and out in about an hour.A little pricey for lunch.
4	I have been dying to come here during my last few visits to the Wynn. There is a long wait for Red 8 but the food is good and the prices aren't bad. It is an above average Chinese restaurant as far as quality and ambiance.
1	Don't listen to the people who rave about this place.Take it from me, if you have never eaten Chinese food before or you think Panda Express is just lovely, than you'll think this is Chinese food heaven.  But if you've ever had any decent Chinese food in your life, you'll be disappointed.  The food is bleh compared to most mid-level Chinese restaurants you can find on any corner of any street in the U.S.For Chinese food, the prices are extremely expensive, but I wouldn't mind paying for it if the quality was there.Ambiance is great.  Tastefully decorated- even down to the dishware.  I like going in there just for drinks.They really need to hire more staff.  I've been here a few times and each time the waiters are running around with their heads cut off.  Overall, I expect better at The Wynn.
5	i enjoyed the experience at red 8 which was one of the best restaurant experience. Dimsum tatsted great and chestnut shrimp was very delicious.what i liked the most was the servers and the hosts are very friendly and seem to enjoy what they were doing.but the weakness was that the price was little overated compare to other locan chinese restaurants
1	Steve Wynn, you should be ashamed that you let people put this crap in peoples' mouths. Where to start... It's Christmas and like tradition we had to get Chinese food. We've been to Wazuzu before and love it, but tried Red 8 as a change of pace.Positively, we were able to call from our room to put our name on the 1.5 hour waitlist (no reservations). We came down an hour later and were seated 10 min after that. It just went downhill from there. We asked our waiter how big the portions were, and his reply was "a good size." Wtf. I said "this big?" (Gesturing with my hands) or "this big?" (Gesturing with my hands)... "Yeah, that big," he said. Thanks for the non-clarification. We also wanted to order one of the specialty "Wynn Macau" noodles, but with chicken instead of pork. We were told that wasn't allowed, as the soups are "pre-made." That should've been sign #1. We ended up ordering the following:-Pork wontons in chili oil: pork had NO taste, and even if it did, the overly spicy and oily sauce would way overpower it anyway disgusting. -Marinated chicken with supreme soy sauce: this was kind of like Peking duck, but chicken and way more disgusting. And cold (remember: everything is premade). The chicken was kind of fatty, which is ok because of the style they were going for, but it had no taste whatsoever. -noodles with beef in soya sauce: noodles were crispy, but the sauce had no taste. Beef was also cold and stringy and was of poor quality. The guys sitting next to us got their food and were staring at it. We looked over and started laughing. "If the shrimp were any smaller they'd be dust mites," he told us.  Enough said. all in all, this place is disgusting on all levels. Service and food. Now I'm from NY, so I know my Chinese food and this ain't it. We'll be going back to Wazuzu tomorrow, but first we're having a real dinner. Hopefully our second dinner at Zooza Crackers is better. NOTE: our table-neighbors told us about this great hidden pizza place in Cosmo. We'll check out that out tomorrow.
4	At first look, I thought it was a contemporary Chinese fusion type of cuisine. Surprisingly it was very traditional Chinese. It ox tail soup was amazing. The portions are up to the price. The flavor was very good.
4	Very good place to eat. Get your name on the list as it is a long wait.  They don't take reservations.
4	While not the fanciest meal we had in Vegas, Red 8 did fill us up with some pretty good Chinese food. I liked it much better than Wazuzu. We had the duck, dumplings, pad thai with chicken, crab rangoon, and soft shelled crab. Everything was well cooked and tasted as expected. The pad thai was excellent. Crab rangoon is always a favorite comfort food! :)
3	3.5 starsThe good is very good and the meh is pretty meh. The good -- salt and pepper sea bass, spicy wontons, most of the noodle dishes. The meh -- dan dan noodle (how can you screw up dan dan noodles?) and the dim sum.
4	it's interesting to read all these less than avg reviews. i wonder if they are chinese. i am a chinese person. i do not really care for chinese food. i've had dim sum, banquet style, homestyle, in houston/SF/NYC/san gabriel valley, whatever. i hate PF changs. i was pleasantly surprised with this place. maybe we just got simple stuff that's hard to screw up:- rice congee (1000yr old egg with pork). lots of egg chunks and pork. we requested a side of the typical add-on's: pork sung, bamboo shoots, pickled radishes. i wish they would give us more. but 1 order of congee is big enough to share. (unless you like to eat pho bowl size portions.)  **when you are hung over from encore/wynn, you will be glad that a bowl of hot soupy rice is nearby.- dimsum - shu-mai, shrimp dumplings, chicken feet and pan-fried dumplings. i was really skeptical bc i dont really care for dim sum. but i enjoyed it. although it was $$ ($9 for 4 shumai), it was not greasy, had actual chunks of shrimp, not ground up mystery meat. it was all just clean tasting, not oily or salty. - pan fried noodles: ok, you can skip this. it was kinda bland, but anything can be fixed with some soy sauce and sriracha. the egg noodles had a good crisp and chew, huge shrimp and a good amount of vegetables. again, it was not greasy like typical chinese food. i'd come back for the dimsum and the rice congee for a late morning eats.
4	I have been here 3 times. It's pretty good chinse food in a fancy setting, good for going on date or enjoying your vacation with your loved one. It's priced on the higher side, but that is expected eating in one of the top hotels in town.
4	My husband and I came in for late lunch. Waited for about 10 minutes which is no big deal. Our server was very attentive to us. I ordered Tofu in claypot with salted fish and my husband ordered Penang Char Kway Teow. Both food were outstanding.The price of each food (about $15) is a bit much, but the portion is pretty good and the location is obviously at Wynn Hotel. I would definitely comeback whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	Red 8 is easily my most favorite Chinese restaurant on the Vegas Strip. Although their prices might be a bit pricey, their signature dishes are amazing! My husband and I always love to order their Roasted Duck. Their duck meat is tender and they also provide sweet dipping sauce to complement the taste. You can easily finish the plate between two people. One of their signature dishes is Baby Bok Choy covered in Scallop Sauce. In real life, I do not like to eat scallop. But for some reason, their special scallop sauce brings out the best flavor in baby bok choy. It was so delicious that we finished the entire plate. I also like to order their Rice Congee with Pork and Preserved Egg. They serve it in a huge bowl, and it's enough for several servings. My husband also ordered noodles from their special noodle menu. You can pick the noodle of your choice as well as the meat. He picked egg noodle with chicken and mushroom. It was very filling and delicious from what he told me.I always have a craving for Red 8 ever since the Wynn first opened up. It's definitely worth a visit if you feel like great Chinese on the Vegas Strip.
5	We went for dinner with no reservation, we were starving, the hostes managed to acomodate us in the community table right away. Minutes later we had a table. The decor is faboulos, the people are dressed up. The waiter was a darlying, service was fast, food temperature perfect. The flavour of the food amazing. Two thumbs up...We went back the next night. Cant undersand how anybody could not like this place...
4	When I'm in Vegas doing meetings I like to go here because it's fast, the menu is great and the food is solid. It's right off the casino, but you feel a world away because the decor is so nice. it's very authentic as well, with dishes like gai lan (chinese broccoli) and soup dumplings. the duck was excellent, but the pork belly was just over the top. not their fault, it's just that it was literally all fat. kind of gross after one bite.
3	Ok food, good atmosphere.  Went here with a large group and had the fried brown rice, which was ok.  This dish as well as other dishes was not very spicy.  The service was good.  I wish they had slightly better chopsticks though, given the effort put into the rest of their ambiance.
4	can I just say, what a delightful surprise in the middle of a casino hotel! Found this gem while visiting Vegas with my sisters. We were in need of lunch but did not wish to go far as we had an evening appointment we did not want to miss! this lovely spot was exactly what we needed. We were seated right away and loved the decor. Classic red but with very modern touches. A bit of old and new China mixed.  We ordered Pad Thai and Spicy  beef. The lunch was delicious and generous portions! the price was fair and service was very good. I think I would go back here again!
2	Stayed at the Wynn for 4 days and came here 4 days in a row. Don't know why my parents like this place so much. Maybe its convenient? I think its way too overpriced. Also probably had the worst milk tea here. Boba was hard and the tea was watery.
5	The Jelly Fish and Chicken is such the tasty protein treat! Make sure you order the Hot and Sour soup also! It's absolutely the best!
4	It is Sunday in Vegas.  What a wild two nights it was.  We needed something to help clear away the cobwebs of overindulgence.  Upon arriving at the Wynn hotel we were greeted by the nicest doorman.  We walked inside and headed to Red 8. Great food with perfect spice.  For an appetizer I had the Pork Wonton.  This is not fried but steamed.  Great flavor and excellent burn.  For an entree I had the Pork Eggplant with the hand formed "pigs ear" noodles.  I could not stop eating.  A large portion that was excellent.Thank you.
1	Well I have been here 3 times in 2 months. I was there this past Monday Night. I was in town on Business and an old Air Force Buddy was in town with his Wife. They were married a couple months ago so I was taking them out to Dinner. So it was perfect chance to meet up. Total of 4 people in out party.We arrived to the Restaurant around 8pm and was told there was a 20 minute wait. No Big deal, we came back in 20 mins and were seated right away. The server came over was rushing us to pick our drink order, however they never gave us a drink menu. He finally brought back a drink menu. We all just ordered beer. My friends wife ordered water with lemon as well.  The beers came however ever no water. We then ordered a couple of appetizers. They came out quick like they always do and tasted amazing.We then ordered our Entrees. Still no water even after asking again. Then 3 of the 4 Entrees came out, we sat and waited for a few mins just thinking it was coming out. The sever never came over to check on us to ensure we got everything. I had to flag down the hostess and ask her to check on the Pad Thai that was missing. Still no server. She came back a few mins later saying it would be right how. At this point I had my other guest start eating as my other friend was still waiting for his food. We waited another 10 mins and still no food and no server. I was pretty upset at this point, I got up and asked to speak to a manager about 3 minutes later I see our server walking from the kitchen with the Pad Thai in his hand. First time we have seen him in 25 mins. Since our beers were empty I told him to bring another round to the table after he delivered the food. I still wanted to speak to a manger. The manager came out and said the server forgot to put the order in. Well fine that happens however there should have been a rush once I brought it up to the hostess and the server should have came over to let us know what was going on. She took that off our check and offered dessert. However for dropping the ball as much as they did that was more of a slap in the face.  Our beverages were empty for over 15 mins and my food was cold as I waited for my friends to come out.  My 2 other guest I told them to eat as this dinner was for them. They did not seem to care about the issues, As this is our 3rd time here and always received great food and service has never been perfect but was not horrible. We really liked this place, but It would be nice for the Restaurant to be more concerned about problems that come up. They need to win us back as I am in town alot for work and my friend and I enjoyed this place the first 2 times...WIN US BACK!
5	So we went back to Red 8 this past weekend on Saturday night after being invited back from the Red 8 team. This dining experience was fantastic. The service was outstanding and the food was superb. The Sweet and Sour Chicken, Chicken Fried Rice, Kung Pau Chicken and Spring rolls were amazing. We shared the food it was perfect. I wish i could remember the servers name as he was very attentive and the waiter assistants were helpful as well. Thanks for a great Saturday Night Dinner before a night out on the town.  We will go back for sure...
3	First impression, this place is beautifully decorated with a lot of red and gold accented furniture. The Asian in me highly approve the decor! As for the food, I feel like the entrees are either a hit or miss depending on what you order. I was with a party of 5 and from looking at other dishes I wish I had ordered something different. But instead, my 'Classic dan dan noodles with pork' dish paled in comparison to the Beef Chow Mein or the Mongolian Beef that my friends ordered. My biggest complain about the classic dan dan noodles with pork is that there was no pork and that I had to mix my own sauces and seasoning. The black sauce that came with this dish was super salty so you have to be conservative while mixing it or else you'll end up with a dish that is bland yet overly salty. I also asked for the palm pocket, an expensive dim sum item that was nothing to rave about. Now I understand the mix of bad and good ratings for this place. Be careful what you order!
3	Not a bad choice for a very late dinner and limited options. The food is solid and the drinks are pretty good. We tried a couple of things including the squid dish. The roasted pork belly is the only dish I'd say is really fantastic; crispy and delicious. The rest of the food was just average. The decor is cute but given that this is inside the Wynn, I wouldn't have expected bad decor.
3	I've been here several times, and I try to stick with the Dim Sum, as I've learned that it's the least mediocre food that they seem to offer.  They try to be authentic with their menu, which, it sure looks like it, but I think they've toned down some of the flavors for... I don't know... There's a shit ton of Asians that go through the Wynn, why they wouldn't try catering to that palette is beyond me. They must have white people as Chefs.The service is iffy, and there's usually a wait to get in.The restaurant interior is really pretty, though... I like Red, and wood, apparently.
5	As we were super hungry and didn't want to walk around much, this is the closest restaurant to the Suites Tower.  We decided to eat here.  The wait time was just few minutes.  The hostess was pleasant and helpful.We ordered: Plum Wine - Delicious!                   Oxtail Soup - Perfection!!!  Wish I had some here right now  :-)                    Curried Singapore Rice Vermicelli - Delicious!                    Stir-Fried Mixed Vegetables - Perfectly done and Delicious!!!                    Salt and Pepper Calamari - Delicious!!Everything was perfect and we look forward to coming back!
3	Took a friend there for dinner as were just wandering around. Walked in without reservation around 8:00p on a Saturday and they were very accommodating.  Were seated and did not have anyone address our table for at least 5-8 mins, food was slow coming out, but very tasty.  Felt the table arrangement was too close as we could hear everything the next table was saying and they were't loud.I would recommend,but for a casual dinner.  This is not one for a romantic setting if that is what you want.
3	Just average service.  Made us (2people) wait 15 mins for a seat when plenty of seats were open.   Limited dim sum many so we ordered entrees.   Spring rolls were a little burned.
4	I would like to add, this was the first dining experience in Vegas. After checking in -- a 4 hour flight -- we were super hungry. This was right downstairs and you could smell the delicious food outside. The ambiance to this place was great. The service was okay. We ordered a couple of dishes and they were all great. Overall, this was a fun and relaxing experience.
1	Wynn and Encore Casino do next to nothing wrong. The attention to detail in just about everything they do is equal to or better than anything you will find on the strip. Sadly, Red 8 is the single exception. Had a meal here, and was terribly disappointed. Bland, no flavor, nothing interesting about it at all. And being in Las Vegas, of course it was very expensive. Would never go back or advise a good friend to visit. I might suggest my worst enemy enjoy a meal here however.
4	Don't know what all the other bad reviews are about. I'm straight up from Asia and this place actually offers (relatively) authentic Asian food. Penang noodles are on point, as well as the dim sum and vegetable entrees.Service - A, Ambiance - A, Food - A.Awesome hangover food :)
5	Stopped into Red 8 after The Buffet had too long of a line. I am so glad I did! Talk about gourmet hang over food! One of the best Asian restaurants I have been to. They offer upscale American Chinese food. Since it was during the day, it felt more casual although the decor is beautiful and I can image it would be a fairly romantic spot for a dinner with all the red and black colors. We had the Curry Vermicelli noodle dish along with the chicken satay app. We also tried the sweet & sour chicken. Everything was phenomenal and it really hit the spot! It was all that is good about eating Chinese food, but I felt less guilty since it was so obviously prepared with fresh ingredients.  Our waitress was extremely welcoming as well. I will visit Red 8 next time I am in Vegas!
1	I know why people come here...it's because they want soup and they're staying at Encore or Wynn.  The soup here is terrible!  No flavor what so ever and service isn't all that great either.  When they are busy, they completely aren't attentive at all.  We had to asked 2-3 times to get our waiter, I don't understand why the other employee there didn't want to help us.  She said your waiter, will be right there.  It was the same way for our bill.  Took forever.  We avoid coming here for hungover food with our friends.  Pricey for something that isn't so great...is definitely a no thank you after 3 tries!  The food isn't consistent at all.  Dislike places that can't cook and just add spicy or sweeter to the broth.Convenience won't make me think it is better.  Rather drive or cab it to a better place.
4	I came here with my in-laws who were visiting from India and were so freakin' tired of pasta, raw vegetables, and cheese.  Oh, America.  I tried to tempt them with Japanese food at Mizumi but raw fish wasn't up their alley, either.  We stumbled across Red 8 and their eyes lit up.  Pan-Asian, it was!As a vegan, I was absolutely delighted to be dining at a Wynn restaurant, knowing there would absolutely be delicious food for me to eat.  I started with a soy Thai Iced Tea and I nearly lost my mind, it was so good.  I ordered two vegan dim sums, the white lotus and jade dumplings, at the waitress' suggestion.  I don't remember what's actually in them (spinach?  mushrooms?) but they were both fantastic.  For my main, I had the Vegan Tofu Shiitake.  It was okay, but a little boring!  We had some hot chili paste with the dumplings so I liberally spooned that over my food to give it some oomph.  Even boring tofu and mushrooms can still hit the spot, and I left quite full.My in-laws loved their food and everyone had a great meal.  The prices are exorbitant but nothing worse than any place else in the area.  Next time I'm in the area and craving something similar, I think I'll have to check out Wazuzu.  Similar menu, but more vegan options (including sushi!).
4	I'm going to go dish by dish and then move on to service. Here's a list of everything we ordered and some basic observations on all of them.Steamed BBQ Pork Buns: These were very good. The rice bun was perfect and the pork was delicious. No complaints here. 9/10.Steamed Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf: Also very good. The rice was flavorful, and the meat scattered in it was tasty.  But there wasn't a lot of it for the money. 7.5/10.Cantonese Pot Stickers: These were very good, the sauce was amazing. The sauce made the dumplings, but they were excellent by themselves. 8.5/10.Steamed Shiu Mai: Good, not great. It's hard for me to say more than that because these were forgettable. 6.5/10.Sweet and Sour Chicken: Sure, it's a simple dish, but this was quite good. It didn't taste of MSG, the sauce was very flavorful, and I thoroughly enjoyed this. 8/10.Lychee Jasmine Green Boba Tea: Probably the greatest drink I've ever had. The lychee is prevalent, but not overpowering. You need one of these. 10/10.Service was pretty good, though not amazing. Our server Mykl, was very nice and made some great recommendations for us. We were satisfied with the service overall, but there was a bit of room for improvement. If you're looking for casual Chinese, I highly recommend Red 8.
3	Great food!  Don't let other reviews sway you with the words "authentic".  It is Americanized Asian food.  I hate it when people try to call things like sweet and sour chicken "authentic".  That being said it is amazingly good at non authentic Asian! Pros - Great taste, portions are just right.Cons - They don't take reservations and the wait can be lengthy at times.  Also, I've been there 5 times now over 3 years and the service is ALWAYS slow.  It's tough to get a refill on anything.  Note- i'm knocking them down a star due to my recent visit.  They had a magician entertaining a table of girls.  Every time the guy did a trick the girls would literally scream and laugh at the top of their lungs.  It was very distracting.  I know it's vegas and I know it's a Casino but it was excessive and clearly many people thought it distracting as well.
4	I've eaten here twice and enjoyed it very much both times. The first time I was with my boyfriend. I could not decide what I wanted, so I asked for a recommendation of something with chicken and vegetables and was very pleased with the dish they brought me.The second time I was alone since I was in town for a work conference. It can be intimidating to eat alone in a restaurant, but they took good care of me and did not make me feel strange at all. I was allowed to bring in my Mimosa that I'd been served at the slot machines. I had a dish with eggs and seafood that was delicious! I love the Wynn and it's great to have a go to spot for good food and service without being extra expensive.
5	"Wow!!! The Best Asian Food on the Planet!"We ate here twice and ordered the same things: Orange Beef, Kung Pao Shrimp, Crab Rangoon and Pork Pot Stickers. The food was so good we couldn't help but return. The beef was so tender (not like over cooked/well done with some orange rinds) and the shrimp were huge and succulent. If you want the best Asian food ever you must try this restaurant. You won't be disappointed. Visited July 2013
2	Wow .... Wthell ... How is this even in the Wynn?They had a cucumer lychee cocktail that was delissssssssssssssssh! Crispy Roasted Pork Belly: sigh... it was really just 1 slab of pork belly. no marinade no accents nothing. for $23? rip off...
4	i went here for lunch and the place was very quiet, the atmosphere was beautiful, and with all the sensory overload of las vegas, this place seemed like a little oasis!  so hip and great. the vegan menu was AMAZING.  everything i ate was DELISH and seriously so much fun!  .  i had to take off one star for my friend, her noodle dish was good, but the noodles were inedible.  when we told the server she kind of just giggled and took the dish away.  in reality i was looking for either noodles to be re-made for her, OR money off the check.  my friend left hungry and somewhat disappointed. plus with the server just giggling - isn't that a little insulting?ps this place is NOT CHEAP.  but the gunpowder tea is worth the full $5
4	Penang style flat noodles are great. Not spicy enough but very good. Lots of big shrimp in my dish so that was very nice.  Not a cheap place but quality is great.
1	8/1/13 I'm young, I'm dressed nice, I want to have a cocktail, and I have the money. But just because I'm not too hungry, i feel a bit of condescension from the server as she doesnt even greet me upon arrival at the table or even say "okay" to confirm my drink order but walks away with a stench I don't like. So what if I'm not hungry, I came in for drinks, and if I decide later on to order food, so be it. However as soon as I mentioned that I only wanted to do cocktails, the server's attitude changed.  I hope one of the managers reads this soon. I'm having the mandarin mojito, black tea, and some dim sum. I understand quality can take time, but this felt like negligence rather than anything else from the server. she never smiled, and i never felt accommodated. I expect nothing less than excellence in service from such a fine establishment that prides its service, setting, and luxury. The hostess was the young female with the short hair, and she was cheerful and welcoming towards me to come on in and try the place. I mentioned to her I felt like having a cocktail and she gladly went over the drink menu with me and recommended the mandarin mojito. I really think she did better than my server, and I feel she was the only pleasant part of my whole experience here. I dine at fine establishments all the time, and when in Vegas, it is what I look forward to. This is the exact opposite of what I would expect, especially at the Wynn.ps- Miss Tina, I had left a card for you with my name. I wanted to make sure you were aware of this.UPDATE: horrible customer service suprisingly
3	Went here with a couple of friends from out of town. We chose this place because it was almost 11:00pm and most of the other restaurants in the Wynn were getting ready to close (This is Vegas for God's sake!!! Why do these places close so early on a Thursday night???) We were seated within 5 minutes in a nice private dining area. All we had to do is close the curtain and it would be a good private dining experience! Well, somewhat private. It kind of felt like we were birds in a bird cage, since it literally was a round cage, where people on the outside can see in. Wait staff were mostly expressionless, like they were waiting for their shift to end so they can go home. We ordered some dim sum, and since it was getting late, I didn't want to eat anything heavy, so I got the Gardein Cashew Chick'n, Celery, Mushrooms & Ginger. Tastes just like chicken! This place is pretty pricey - $9 for each dim sum dish. So total came to just over $100 for what amounted to be a light snack. No bang for the buck here. Maybe I'll come back and treat someone here (if they pay!!)
4	Really beautiful room, just like everything at Wynn.  Pretty standard Pan Asian menu with some fun drinks.  You definitely pay for the address but it's worth it to be at Wynn and it's cheaper than a lot of the other restaurants in the area.
4	Well, It is kind of hard to find decent Chinese food on the Strip or even China Town. Somehow, in my opinion, Red 8 had pulled it off. On my most recent visit to Red 8, they had made some improvement to the quality of the food and a noticeable change can be compared to my earlier visits. For example, They no longer cook Xiao Long Bao in small foil. I also tried their pepper and salted seabass and it was heavenly. The crispy pork also taste really good and so was the duck. I recommend any patron who visited this restaurant to order to BBQ combination plate for its varieties of meat. I would definitely come back here again!!!
1	Seriously?! Dress code for chinese food? I just came to get a bite to eat and they refused service. Price is high for chinese food and no matter what they try to do its still just regular chinese food.
5	Beautiful and the food is real good.. must try
2	A disappointing experience. We ordered the walnut prawns, which were dry and lacked flavor. The service was poor and our waiter did not check in with us nor refill our drinks during the duration of our meal. When he finally checked back, we had long finished the other dish, cashew chicken (which was okay), and had been surfing on our smart phones for 10 or so minutes. He then offered to get us another dish and we asked for him to take the walnut prawns (which we ate less than a third of) off the bill. This took another 10-15 minutes apparently to get his managers approval. The service was poor, the food average at best and it was somewhat pricey for what we got.
3	this place is a very up scale chinese restaurant that i wont be coming to again lol. we only came here because another place wouldnt let us go in with our shorts on so lame.the 7 of us ate family style, we did the assorted bbq, the duck, the mongolian beef, the fried rice, something noodle, kung pao chicken.im chinese so i know what its suppose to taste like haha and it wasnt as good as home but it was kinda tasty? but do you want to pay 150% more than like panda express for kinda tasty food?the service there is like any other asian place, nonexistent. ill admit since this place is in the Wynn its super nice, but its very sub par to me. for what im paying at least, i shouldnt have to ask for refills, please check on my table.and what is with the being cheap on rice at asian places? rice is super cheap and it cost nothing to make a shit ton, and yet the 7 of us had to share 3 small bowls. so lame.
2	The amazing congee they serve as part of room service at the Wynn is NOT the same as the one from Red 8! In other words, don't order the congee from this place but do get it in your room. As for the beef noodles, the broth was ok , but the noodles texture and taste was all wrong.Finally, the pork/shrimp dim sum thing was terrible.The plus is that they are open late and service is good.Sufficed to say, I will never return. Going to this restaurant was by pure accident.
5	Stumbled across this place almost accidentally -- what an unexpected treasure. Lovely room with a lovely ambience. You can hold a conversation!  We took some gambles with unfamiliar menu items and our boldness paid off for the most part. I loved the pan-fried pumpkin dumplings, and the Bao were as good as what we eat on Sunday mornings in Monterrey Park. Noodle dishes were excellent and served very beautifully. This is an extensive menu requiring some leaps of faith and bit of the explorer's instinct. We got lucky and had a simply wonderful  meal.
4	Probably the least-pretentious, most reasonably-priced and easiest to get into restaurant at the Wynn. Solid Chinese and Malaysian food on the fairly expansive menu. I had the vegan cashew "chick'n," which was actually Gardein...a weird sort of fake-meat that tasted exactly like real chicken. My friend had Pad Thai, which he also said was excellent.The ambiance is OK -- sort of Asian Brothel chic, with some casino views. One side looks out toward the VIP towers, so it's fun to watch the high-end hookers come and go.I will DEFINITELY come here again.
4	You can't go wrong for a great casual Thai meal, and you can walk in!
4	Wynn has a lot of dining options but if you want something filling, quick, and relatively inexpensive this is the place to go.  One star down because it is not that cheap.
5	Red 8 is an amazing authentic Chinese restaurant with great ambiance. My husband and I stay at the Wynn 2-3 times per year and always have a meal at Red 8 when we are in town. Great service, extensive menu, late hours...I would recommend you check it out!
3	This place inside the Wynn is actually pretty good. The ambiance is nice and the food was tasty. It was just expensive for chinese food, but at least it wasn't too americanized.
4	Pretty good food, not terrible pricing, at least for being inside a casino hotel. If you're looking for about $65 meal for two and are having trouble finding that in the casino, this is a pretty good option...
5	I gotta go ahead and give the big 5, b/c the overall rating needs to go up. This place was INCREDIBLE. The ambiance was so pretty and relaxing, the service was very friendly. The BEST PART? Why the Five stars?VEGAN DIM SUM!!! and MOUTH WATERING stuff!!!! We had the gardein chick'n shu mai and the lotus dumpling ( mushroom and spinach) I literally made orgasm noises when i was eating this stuff, i couldn't help it. When i went vegetarian 7 years ago, I never thought I'd get to set the dim sum of my childhood again, but red 8 did it for me. It was to die for...seriously. After i ate it, i ordered more to go.We also ate the brown veggie friend rice, and the vegan chicken lettuce wraps. amazing....! If you're vegan or vegetarian, and in vegas and looking for a NICE meal out ( between $70-$100 after tip if you get 2 entrees and an appetizer and a couple drinks) then GO to red 8!!!
2	Very confusing...their Dan Dan Mien tasted like a Pad Thai, and how is it possible to make a hot & sour soup taste like tomato bisque???
4	Pretty good quality and reasonable price since we are talking about the restaurant at Wynn.
2	Suckest Chinese food ever had. Nothing tastes right. A couple of boiled tofu with soy sauce cost 10 dollars. Will not ever return here.
4	I'm surprised to see these many Chinese eateries popped up in Vegas since my last visit in 2010. We wanted to try WING LEI in Wynn, however it was closed until late December, so we ended up here in Red 8.  It's a casual Chinese eatery offering traditional Chinese dishes with a little bit American twist. I liked the red themed decor which symbolized fortune in Chinese culture. I ordered the Tofu Salty Fish pot and my wife ordered the Tomato Based Shrimp noodle soup. It's a smaller portion than what you might expect, but it is just the right size for us. The food is very well prepared. The jumbo shrimp is very sweet and has that crunchy bite only the freshest shrimp can bring. The tomato base soup is very rich and has a great aroma. The tofu is very smooth and delicate, and the overall flavor of my Tofu Salty Fish pot pairs very well with white rice. I would recommend this place to anyone who is willing to try something different than the Vegas buffets and Steakhouses. For the price of one upscale buffet, two person would be experiencing great Chinese cuisine in a cozy and relaxed atmosphere.
4	When I'm staying at the Wynn Hotel, Red 8 is my go-to place for lunch when I'm craving Chinese food. Red 8 carries an extensive menu of all kinds of dishes, from dim sum to noodles to dumplings! It's a super chill and casual restaurant, where you don't need to dress over the top to eat a meal. Some of my favorite dishes are the hot and spicy dumplings, the xiao long bao, and mapo tofu. Their dim sum dishes are pretty good too. The food comes fast and the service is good. Try their peach iced tea, it's delicious and refreshing!!
4	Great foodGood vegan and vegaterian optionsPricey Great service Spring rolls were amazing. Amazing martinis
4	Partner and I ate here while staying at the Wynn - Encore. We walked in around 630-700 (first come first serve kind of place) and was able to get a table after about a 30 min wait. We shared the duck appetizer which was good. He had the duck and I had the walnut prawns. Both dishes were quite good. Great food, good service, and not super expensive. The tables are a little too close together for my taste but I am sure we could have found a more intimate setting in another restaurant as this is a semi-casual dining option.
2	Lovely decor though maybe a little too heavy on the "ASIAAAAAA"-ness of it all. Ended up going to this place for dinner because I had neglected to make reservations anywhere else on a weekend and I was starving. They had a lot of open tables which probably isn't a great sign. Started with the pan-fried turnip cake which lost miserably to what my mommy makes. I had the pork belly which made the waiter pause uncertainly and warn me that "it's very rich and fatty." DUH, that's the POINT. It was good but I've had better for cheaper. Also, I thought there would be more of it. Sorry, I'm a fat kid. Or at least a greedy kid. My dining partner had the chilean sea bass which was really ... not that good; I think it was tad overcooked which is just bad form. The drinks were fabulous with lots of yummy cocktails to choose from.
4	Came in for a lunch meeting, possible opportunity with this company. Met up with my acquaintance here since he works for the Wynn and everyone knows who he is around there. I arrived first and there was a table reserved for us. I'm very observant so I noticed all the workers are Asian and the food is very traditional Chinese. Most of the diners are Asian families. Getting the theme. I've had a rough night from partying, so I didn't have much of an appetite. Of course, I did order the Hot and Sour soup. We shared an order of the kung pow chicken with brown rice and edamame. he asked me how the soup was, and being the honest person, I had to say it was a bit too salty for me. He laughed and said, I like that you're honest and not trying to please people. (at least you all can trust on my reviews :))Overall, great service and food is pretty good. packed with flavor. Note: They even have Shao long bao. Great place to impress the family or future in-laws.  It is pricey, so don't be surprised. You're at the Wynn! :)
4	I grabbed dinner here with a friend, and it was great.We went in, thinking we were walking into the sushi place, so it was a surprise to see we were mistaken, but the menu looked good, so we decided to stay.The service was excellent. My drink was rarely low and our food came out in probably less than 10 minutes. It was super fast.I went with the Kung Pao Chicken. It was delicious. It was the typical Kung Pao Chicken you can get at places such as PF Changs, so I was glad they didn't try to make it real unique and change it up.Overall, it was good food and a good experience.
1	So the food here was pretty good - we ordered lamb, chili chicken, beef, veg, honey walnut shrimp, cashew chicken ...all ordered steamed rice but of course two of us got no rice despite walking out of the dining area to ask for it from the servers!  Understandably it can be family style but when a table asks for individual sides of rice perhaps you should do them the courtesy of delivering it!  I like to eat well and usually that guest service is rewarded however this is a place I won't go back to!
5	Great food, solid Cook, never have surprised dishes. But just very pricy, I'll get $200 ready to have good items I want.
4	OMG this is by far one of the best Chinese restaurants I've eaten at! We had the mayonnaise shrimp, soft shell crab, oxtail soup and the shu mai. The shrimp and soft shell crab were divine! I personally did not enjoy the soup. The service wasn't perfect but nothing I can complain about. Definitely try their flavored teas, very good.. However if you don't like boba in your tea make sure you tell them or they'll assume you want boba and add it (I had to ask our server to bring me a new one without boba) definitely coming back here for lunch if I stay at Encore/Wynn next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Our trip to Red8 for lunch was very enjoyable. We found the food to be very good. Plan to pay more than you would at Panda Express. Serving size was good - entrees served 2 to 3. We treated our selves to a variety of bows & was pleasantly surprised of serving sizes - 3 to 4 pieces. Service was slow so make sure to have enough time to enjoy your lunch.
2	Average and  expensive. I would almost suggest paying for a cab to get you off the strip and enjoy a more authentic Asian experience. Ambiance was fair. Portion sizes were healthy but the chow fun noodles didn't really tickle my fancy. Lacked the flavor depth I was looking for in a restaurant in this price range.
3	Good food, great ambience, but can be easily made at home for a lot cheaper. Milk tea with boba was good.
4	Having had Dim Sum in China Town in LA, NY,  and San Francisco, this was about as close as it comes in Vegas. Everything was tasty and more importantly fresh. Highly recommend. A star off because of the price, but then again it's Wynn.
1	Ok i have to be honest I am shocked that this level of quality is served at a steve wynn resort. The meal was comped but seriously this place was horrible. Panda express would be an improvement over this place. The bill was 130 for one person for lunch. Of course i had leftovers to take to pops but I felt like he might feel as though I was trying to poison him. I ordered the cantonese pot stickers to start. You could do better in the frozen section at costco. Next up I opted for the upgraded beef dish which is served table side on a sizzling platter it was like pepper beef sirloin or something like that. Really boring dish no imagination. was funny when i was ordering the waiter suggests i upgrade even further to kobe beef,I said well you probably wont get the benefit if its covered in a sauce,he says I will,even though i had a 200 comp and would not have had to pay for it I didn't do it. I asked him how much would it cost ,he says let me look on the menu,after we look together he cant find it he estimates it to cost around 90 dollars,like i said it would have been comped but it seemed too egregious to me. Next I ordered the sweet and sour chicken,total crap again you could do much better at panda express or costco. And lastly I ordered a bbq pork and shrimp combo fried rice,this was the best dish of all and I suspect that it is served regularly at the CCDC on fried crap night. In conclusion im glad i had  the comp but i still had to tip for 20 bucks ,its not the servers fault so i always take care of them. The server was very nice actually. Steve must be losing his taste as well as his vision because anyone who would rate this anything but touristy garbage food is on the payroll.
4	The Mongolian Beef was very good and the service was super fast. The wonton soup was just "ok".  It was over priced, which is typical of all these so called "fancy" hotel restaurants.
3	My friends and I came to Red 8 for one of our dinners in Vegas.  Since it was located in our hotel, it was quite convenient.  I thought it was interesting as they offer menu items from China, Thailand, India, Vietnam, Singapore, and Korea such as Cantonese noodle dishes, dim sum, duck, Mongolian Beef, and Hong Kong style barbecue.  We started off with the Malasyain Chicken Satay that came with a side of chunky peanut sauce - the chicken was okay, and the the chunky peanut sauce was more on the sweeter side.  I had the Penang-Style Rice Flat Noodles with Chicken and I wasn't a fan of the dish as it lacked flavor.  I did like the flat noodles, though, but they were overcooked.  One of my friends had the Curried Singapore Rice Vermicelli that contained shredded pork, shrimp, egg, and bean sprouts - she enjoyed it, but I wasn't a fan of the different spices that were used.  The restaurant itself had a nice decor with the combination of red and black colors.  Definitely on the pricier side as it is located in the hotel!
4	We really llked the food we had on Saturday April 19. We did not know about Red and had seen this in the hallway wondering what it was.The large tables at the bench seating area as well as the large central tables require that people practically shout to reach each other. I did not appreciate being in the midst of such a noisy place. Staff were wonderful. Michael the waiter was superb!I had the eggplant and pork (although they serve pork belly and have to explain that to you, it is not on the menu which I think is wrong) with cat's eye noodles. It was delicious. I would have preferred to have pork as stated on the menu though.My husband enjoyed the Kung Pao shrimp very much.  He is a tough critic and stated it was one of the best meals ever.We shared the chicken satays which were among the best I have had and the peanut sauce was texturally superb and seasoned perfectly.I am not ever a fan of bench seating but although you are not totally on top of people next to you on the bench, you are so far away from your dining partner that it is very weird and not pleasing at all.  We were seated near a bunch of twenty somethings under the influence of alcohol whose voices even sober were obnoxious...Next time I would surely choose Red 8 and I would insist on a regular table away from that style of seating.We were impressed by the reasonable prices.Tasty but Noisy.
4	Despite staying at the Wynn several times in the past, I've never gone for dinner at the Red  8. On a lark, we changed our plans to go for Italian and instead came here to see how it was. I will admit, part of the allure was their fake chicken options on the menu!We didn't make reservations but were able to get a table right away. We ordered two appetizers (Ginger String Beans and Jade Dumplings), and entrees consisted of Dan Dan Noodles and Cashew Chik'n. There was a good amount of food and every bit we had was ~*delicious*~. Our server was quick and polite and was able to answer any questions we had.I was sad the Hot and Sour soup had a chicken base for the broth, as I would have loved to have a bowl of it. Highly recommended if you're craving Chinese food!
5	We enjoyed everything.  Wait staff was right there with out being intrusive.  On our keeper list.
3	Had the sweet and sour pork with the Red8 special fried rice. The fried rice was excellent. Not loaded with soundalike and garlic, it had a nice fresh flavor - a lot like the food stalls I ate at in Singapore as a child. The sweet and sour pork was a little over cooked and the service a bit slow considering that they were less than half full on a Friday night.
5	You cannot go wrong with anything that's inside the Wynn resorts, Red 8 is no exception! Right in the middle of the casino, Red 8 has great Chinese food and an open view to the casino floor! I ordered the maple BBQ Pork with miso soup and just snacked as I calculated all the fun I was going to get into during my stay.Come by and enjoy the great food, luxurious scene and even catch a couple famous people running around looking lost, check it out!
2	Service was nice, but the food.....my second time here after 3years.....don't recall the first time if I liked it?  but my husband wanted Chinese.....really sorry to say that we felt even Panda Express was better than here =(
5	I never come to Vegas without eating here. Its usually a long wait since they don't take reservations but always worth it. LOVE
5	Great food and excellent service! Sweet and sour chicken is delusions as well as king pao shrimp! Amazing choice of wine. Second night we are having dinner here
3	Food was good...A solid dining wxperience, but the service was a bit lacking...no staff had personality and they forgot to bring out one of our dishes...After that we had to wait 30 minutes to get a corrected bill...dine with caution
4	The mock chicken here was really good and the noodles and all were fine. The service was good. Definitely on the pricey side, but that was expected. Overall pretty good experience with better than average food.
5	Great service, wonderful meal the honey glazed shrimp is a must have. You can also never go wrong with the crab rangoons for an appetizer
4	Green Gem for Vegetarians at the WynnAgain, our third experience eating here. We ate late, for us, at 8:30 -9:45. We started with a pot of green tea and spring rolls (last time we had the pumpkin dumplings - BEWARE - these are made in pork fat - they did not tell us this despite us telling them we were vegetarians last time - this time our waiter came back and told us about it).Next we had the garlic and green beans and the mixed stir fired Chinese (Bok Choy, green bean) vegetables (you can get American vegetables (carrots, broccoli, etc) and a side of brown rice.For dessert we had the lemongrass Pane-cotta with a few strawberries - cool, light and refreshing. Great way to end the meal.Our total bill was under $60.00
4	Really great service, and the main entrees were great (Mongolian Beef and Vegetarian Gardein with Cashews). Not very spicy for being labeled as spicy, but still delicious.The only negatives were the green bean appetizer is mediocre (not worth $8), and they were out of the boba pearls for milk tea.But enjoyable and tasty experience overall.
4	Conveniently located within the Wynn. We had the Singaporean Laksa (pretty rare to find in restaurants), green beans with ginger, and noodle soup with cat-ear shaped noodles. Everything was pretty good. Fairly pricey for what it is though, e.g., Laksa was $22, dim sum items were $9 each.
4	Not 5 stars just because it's Americanized Chinese food, but not meaning it isn't good! I'm definitely a person in favor of authentic Chinese food, but this place is pretty good. I've been here twice and very pleased with what I got. My favorite is the flavorful beef stomach. They're delicious.Also, the oxtail soup, dao mew vegetable and sea bass is very good as well. Quite pricey but it's vegas. So it's okay!
1	Even though if you are lucky to have decent eatable food make sure you don't swallow a staple pin or something which is not suppose to be in your food. Apart from their own mistake they would make you feel like you are not complaining but applying for a job. The guest relation manager arrived 40 mins after notifying them with the only intention to have the complain written on paper and get out of the scene. And I didn't imagine that they could even snatch the complaint letter without leaving any evidence of their mistake but luckily I got a picture! Wynn was my favourite until this incident happened.  I wouldn't recommend this place if you are looking for good service with safe food.
4	I was skeptical since the decor was really kinda cheesy chinese red and gold, but the food was great. We had some spicy noodle dish and some chinese lettuce with preserved tofu. I enjoyed both. My one complaint is that the chinese lettuce dish should cleary be served with rice. I ordered rice separately to go with the dish and they charged $3.00 for a tiny bowl of rice. Why not include it? It is a tiny bowl of rice and I am sure it is not going to break the bank for it to be free. That made a pleasant meal less so... they extra fee on the check.
5	I went here for dinner two nights in a row, the food and service was impeccable.The roasted pork belly was to die for. It had the crispiness and just the right amount of fat.  I don't normally like eating pork belly because it's very fatty, but I did it.  The flavor was perfect.  The choy sum stir fried with garlic was delicious, even my daughter enjoyed it.  I also ordered the prawns with eggs, knowing that I can't go wrong since my kid loves eggs. The prawns are giant looking... The wait staff was super friendly and the ambiance was worth the price I paid for.  We had to wait but it was worth it.  I asked the hostess if she can get a chair for my daughter, since she can't sit in the gaming area. I will definitely come back when we visit in the future.
1	The service is the worst I have ever received in any restaurants in Vegas (or anywhere else  for that matter)...Nobody on the serving staff was smiling...with their dark colored uniform...you feel that you attending a funeral, not a dinner...when I was there...it was apparent everybody there was forced to wait for a very long time for their food...Guess what did the servers do?  No apology...just avoided eye contact or gave you a dirty look...They made it very clear: they hated their jobs and would rather be doing something else....They need some serious training on what the word hospitality means!
5	Freaking good Chinese food. Went with a group of 6 total and they accommodated us in a neat little nook where we had privacy but a great view. We had crab Rangoon (bomb!), honey glazed walnut shrimp, Malaysian fried rice with chicken and shrimp, pad Thai with shrimp, orange beef (delicious), and deep fried chicken with chili, steamed vegetable medley. Everything was delicious. We had to wait 45 minutes to eat at 10pm but it was definitely worth the wait.
1	Urhhh, I am not coming aback again. The food is just urhhhhhhhh
2	This place is not very good. Asian fusion, I believe they are calling it, but I call it mediocre at best. At Strip hotel prices. The BBQ platter was ok, and the kung pao chicken was fine. Not particularly good or special or memorable, but fine. The green beans were cold and flavorless. The dan dan noodles were dan-scusting.
4	Having worked at the Wynn, I'm biased towards everything they do.  Mr. Wynn wants a spectacular experience for his guests in everything the property does, and this place delivers in spades.  Yes, it's a bit pricey; but it's Wynn and it's worth every dime.
1	This place is the inferior version of Wazuzu. Their service is TERRIBLE!  The waiter forgot to bring our Dim Sum order. When he finally returned to our table and I informed him of that, he told me that I hadn't ordered it. Yep! The waiter called me a liar and gave no semblance of concern. No "sorry about the mix up" or "I will get your order".  Seriously people?  This place is kind of expensive. You would expect much better. Do yourself a favor. If you want high-quality Asian food, go to Wazuzu at the Encore. The experience will actually be worth the price.
3	This place isn't that bad ....I ordered a seafood fried rice and really enjoyed the flavor. When we went my friend unfortunately got sick from the wonton soup but she does have a sensitive stomach. ( but the days prior to this we ate at 3 different buffets and found it ironic she got sick from the nice restaurant and not the buffets) If you wanted to splurge on a nice meal I do feel like this restaurant would be a waste. I think it's really really overpriced chinese food. You could get A LOT better from the chinatown in LV for a lot less. I personally won't be going back.
4	Excellent Dim SumThe Wynn has many good dining options.  I was not expecting Red 8 to be one of them.  Located just off the casino floor, Red 8 offers Chinese and South Asian cuisine with an extensive menu of appetizers, entrees, and drinks.  The decor is fun and clean.  The service is friendly and helpful.  We decided to order from their dim sum menu.  The shumai were steamed and delicious with a warm center of shrimp.  The BBQ pork steamed buns were superb with a great savory sweetness.  The almond shrimp balls were unusual but tasty.  The steamed shrimp buns were delicious with a nice salty center of shrimp and a sweet starchy taste on the outside.  The Cantonese dumplings were perfect with pork and cabbage.  We left very satisfied.  I will definitely be back!
4	My goto place for Hong Kong regional style dining. This is as authentic as it gets outside of Asia for true "local" Hong Kong crispy beef noodles, chicken feet, and siao long bao (soup dumplings).Regional delights are also good, with Singaporean style chicken satay, Singapore street rice noodles, Cantonese roast duck, and traditional Hong Kong style wonton mien.The only thing lacking, which is a weird thing to say since I'm touting authenticity, is the same sometimes-annoying Hong Kong service. Sometimes they fuck up your order and the one thing you've been craving some turns gets lost in limbo.Still, I'll take that over better service with shitty food.
4	Great food for the price. Good service.  I shared a meal with 3 friends and we loved it.We ordered:Pot stickers Crab ragoon Beef ribs ours had a ton of garlic but stillOrange beef  highly recommendMalaysian fried rice chicken & shrimp I would tell you about the deserts but they ran out of the banana spring rolls with coconut ice cream. That was a little disappointing. That's y the 4 stars also
4	Had lunch here today and it was great. The service was formal but very friendly. I got to try: Oxtail SoupJade Dumplings Shrimp Pad ThaiWhen she first set the oxtail soup in front of me, I was a little worried. Never having tried it, I did not know what to expect and the visible bone surprised me. Reservations aside, I tried the broth and it was excellent. From the broth on moved on to the carrot, carefully avoiding the bone. The vegetables were also delicious so I decided to go a hard and try the meat. It was excellent. Very tender and had a great flavor. I would absolutely order again. The Jade Dumplings also looked a little bizarre as they are bright green. They were also delicious. Very moist and tasty filling. The shrimp on the Shrimp Pad Thai were huge and full of flavor. The rest of the dish was pretty standard fare. I had asked for my Pad Thai to be extra spicy but I felt like it lacked heat. All in all, I love Pad Thai and this dish satisfied. I will definitely be back to try another dish.
3	Great service and ambiance but mediocre Chinese food. The dim sum is okay, nothing to write home about. The xiao long bao is presented well but is nothing close to a Din Tai Fung. The won ton noodle was okay and fairly large size but also nothing superb about it. The beef noodle soup was really disappointing since it was supposed to be a house speciality -- the broth was't flavorful at all and the meat was either all fat or not fatty enough and nothing in between.I recommend Noodle Asia over this place. This spot is nice and expensive but the food isn't anything great.
4	Yummy Chinese!!  The service was decent and the food was great.  We shared a bunch of dishes and were adventurous.  They have good cocktails too.  It is Vegas priced.  We did not have reservations and were able to walk right in.  Great for groups, but they had tables for two as well.  Enjoy!!
3	When at the Wynn I always get lunch here. If you don't go with high expectations you won't be disappointed.
3	Fancy decor, above average Chinese food. Expensive, expected for Wynn.  Walnut. Shrimp is good. Sea bass with black bean sauce is really tasty.Friendly staff.
1	Close to the worst restaurant ever. Shrimp penang & beef dan dan were bland and tasteless and tasted exactly the same. I had to spit the shrimp out it tasted spoiled and my dining mates said the beef had a rainbow sheen. We returned all 3 dishes after 1 bite. I will say, the vegetarian chik'n lettuce wraps were ok. Overall, a waste of a 45 minute wait. Do yourself a favor & avoid this place.
4	It was another dinner visit to Red 8, this time with another couple in tow, resulting in a reprised 4-1/2-star dining experience!This time a bowl of classic Hot & Sour Soup was suitably spicy but not overbearing;  Shrimp & Pork Dumpling Noodle Soup was quite nice, as was a lightly sweet Almond Shrimp Dumpling that was covered with almond shavings formed into the shape of small shields.  Honey Prawns featuring honey glazed walnuts and large shrimps were just sweet enough, while lengths of Beef Tenderloin with Black Pepper Sauce and Black Mushroom added were hot and tender bathed in a nice peppery sauce.  A scoop of Strawberry Sorbet diminished some of the flames, and provided a refreshing palate cleanser as a fine finish to my meal.Service was excellent, and the Asian ambiance elegant and sumptuous, yet casual in attitude and tone.
5	We have been here a few times in the last couple of years. Food is consistently great! If you like calamari switch it up and try the deep fried soft shelled crab (it's spicy but you should be able to get it mild if you ask). Sometimes the line to get in is long but once seated the service is fast and friendly.
