5	I have absolutely no idea what authentic African cuisine tastes like, but I have a pretty good idea what skillfully prepared fresh flavorful food tastes like, and Buraka definitely is that.  Their menu has a wide selection of stews and other items. There is lots of vegetarian options but they also serve beef, lamb, and chicken. One can choose to have your dish with either rice or injera. Go for the injera it's a soft bubbly tortilla-like bread that you can wrap your food in or eat on the side. (The taste and texture is so good.) They have items with a variety of spiciness. In general, Buraka is amazing.  Buraka also has a cart on Library Mall, it is a fantastic deal.
5	This is by far my long-standing favorite for food at the Memorial Library carts.
5	I love his chicken alicha! I tried some alicha in Rosalind's, one of the restaurants in LA's Little Ethiopia row, but they're so different than Buraka's. I remember Buraka's alicha is red in color and has tomato taste. The one I ate in Rosalind's actually has more spices (and less red in color) than Buraka's. I don't know which version is more authentic, but I don't care. I still love Buraka's chicken alicha + green (spicy) chilli sauce + yogurt + rice! Yum!
5	Wow. This food is simply great. I've usually eaten at their lunchtime food cart, and sometimes at the restaurant on State Street as well. The menu items they have taste consistently great; I like some of the items more than others, but I've never had a bad meal. Some of the dishes are a bit spicy (which I like), so you may want to ask in advance if you prefer something less spicy. This is one of the places I really miss.
4	Yummy food and a nice dining area make this place a winner.  There were four vegetarian main courses to choose from.  One thing that was curious was that they had no appetizers on the menu.
5	How in the hell did I never eat at this place until just a couple weeks ago? Great East African food and the lunches are cheap! Definitely only for those who love spice and adventure (but if you aren't one of those people then you should probably just stay home every night and cook something flavorless and be miserable away from the rest of us).  I had enjoyed similar styled food before, but had never had it with the injera, which is really the star here.  Imagine spicy stews wrapped in a sourdough crepe and you'll get the idea of what this place offers.  This is my comfort food no matter what the weather. Oh, and the service is pretty good too. They explain everything very well so novices need not be intimidated in trying something a little out of the ordinary.
5	This has been my favorite Madison restaurant ever since I walked in 7 years ago.  Their menu hasn't changed in all that time, and I don't mind at all.  Their salad dressing is magical in its deliciousness.  All of their entrees are simple, hearty comfort food--serious meat and potatoes kind of fare!  I took one of the pickiest eaters I've ever met there (she was scared of the place), and she walked away proclaiming it to be "delicious."  Try the Coconut Curry Chicken or the Lamb Tibs--they're the shit.  I would also recommend a refreshing "Gin & Ting."  I love the fact that it's a teeny hole in the wall (or hole in the basement, rather).  It makes me feel happy and smooshy inside just to be there, but it's particularly nice in the fierce cold of a Wisconsin winter.  :)
2	I trusted the madison yelpers to help me find good restaurants and madison and buraka was among the very top there. Unfortunately, the food wasn't anything special. It wasn't bad in any way, just a little bland and not inspiring. I've had better east african food in most african restaurants in chicago.
4	I would give this one a 3.5 or a 3.75....It's a neat little setting in the basement, below Husnu's, I think....nice art on the walls. Their house salad, I have to say, was the most boring thing ever....lettuce leaves drizzled in some olive oil. period. Some of their entrees are good. I like the peanut chicken stew....i think few of their entrees can be repetitive....different meats but similar sauce/preparation....I would have liked to see some creativity in there!....The injera (bread) is a bit too sour for my taste and it overpowers the flavor of your stew...go with the rice.The 2 hot sauces are really good, though....ask for them.All in all, good comfort food on a cold winter evening.....but didn't bow me away...Btw, they have a cart in Henry mall during lunchtime and have several of the same entrees that they have for dinner....so I'd just try those out to see you're into their food.
4	I went here after a recommendation from a friend and I was not let down. I have never eaten any Ethiopian food before, but it was pretty good. The atmosphere was very nice. It was quiet, not too busy (but also not dead), a little dim and we got a somewhat secluded table. It was very nice for a date. The food was pretty good. I wasn't too impressed, it seemed a little bland, but then again, I did pick the most basic "meat and potatoes" dish. My girlfriend had some sort of yellow curry. She liked it. I think I tried it and it was pretty good, but I am not a huge fan of curry. The drink selection looked pretty large. They had a full bar. Looks like a fun place to share some meals with some people and have a couple of drinks.The decor was pretty nice, bathrooms clean. Overall it was a good place and I will probably check it out again sometime. Maybe I will be a little more bold with my food choice this time.
5	Every single thing to eat at Buraka is delicious - with the exception of the little salad that they give before every meal.  Tibs, Baris, any of the spicy bits . . . so good.  And the lentil salad at lunch time is divine!  I don't live in Madison anymore, but if I did, I would still be eating at Buraka weekly - and hitting up the lunch cart!
4	This is a great place to dine for East African food. The service was very attentive and the food was great (we tried various items on the menu). I almost missed the entrance and went to the Middle Eastern restaurant next door. You have to go down some stairs to get to the restaurant (so don't think you are in the wrong place). I will definitely come back to Buraka whenever I'm in the area. It's worth the trip if you are visiting Madison.
3	This restaurant has a few dishes which are vegan or can be made vegan. It has an emphasis on comfort-food type dishes, such as lentil stews with injera (a fluffy type of bread, similar to a soft South Indian dosa). I would go here if you're looking for something totally different from the usual South and East Asian vegan options in Madison.
4	As you descend the steps to Buraka's underground location, be prepared for a truly other-worldy experience. This is a small, dimly-lit restaurant serves up some serious Ethiopian cuisine. You have to be adventurous to enjoy dining here, some of the dishes and flavors are very different than what you would find in most other Madison establishments. All of it is quality, no doubt, and very intriguing. There was one server on staff the night I went, but she did a great job of keeping up, and was very informed about the menu. You could hear her chatting to the Hispanic kitchen staff in Spanish whenever she walked by the kitchen window. Definitely an interesting combination of cultures. It took me a few minutes to realize I was in Madison after I left Buraka's dark, pungent semblance.
3	I don't know if it's real Ethiopian or not, but I find it pleasant enough to go back on occasion. It's an interesting little restaurant down in a dark basement and they make a good chai (very balanced spicy flavor, not too sweet). Their menu options are few, but the food is alright -- The injera bread is probably one of the most unique options there, though some of the stews feel like a repeat of Husnu's and Kabul on State St. and their chicken can be a bit on the dry side. Prices are reasonable during lunchtime as they have half-portion menu options then, but dinner can be quite pricey.
4	Tasty food, decent price, outside seating like many other restaurants on state street. I enjoyed my meal here and my girlfriend absolutely adored hers, service was alright too.
3	If people didn't rave about Buraka so much (I was taken here immediately when I first moved to Madison - like twice), I think I would have liked it better.  You basically have a choice of a number of stews - vegetarian or meat - served on an african bread, which is really like a sour pancake.  It's good, it's just didn't live up to the hype for me.  It also seemed a bit pricey, but I guess they've cornered the market on african food in Madison, so they can get away with it.  Bland-ish, and it makes me feel left out to be around a bunch of people obviously enjoying what is an especially good meal.  Sort of a bummer.
3	I had fond memories of this place from when I visited it 5 years ago, so I was really excited to go back recently. I've had a lot more experience with ethiopian food since then, and I found this place to be perplexingly untraditional this time. It's hard to pinpoint what bothered me, I think maybe they are just trying to accommodate the midwestern palate, but I couldn't help but be a bit disappointed. The food is certainly good, but I would say that if you are trying ethiopian for the first time, reserve judgement until you've had it at a really authentic place.
5	I'll be honest, I have never been blown away by ethiopian food; it's usually messy and difficult and not amazingly super tasty; except at Buraka, where it is amazingly super tasty, and neither messy nor difficult.
5	Great place.  I second the earlier recommendation about asking for the hot sauce.  Friendly service and great food - what more can you ask for?
4	Not quite what I expected, but  not bad either. My experience of Ethiopian cuisine has been more communal, ordering a sampling of different stews and sharing with others. I actually prefer it that way because you get to try more. At Buraka, you order your own plate like you do at most establishments, and I guess this is my one complaint. I have had better (in Chicago - check out Ethiopian Diamond on N. Broadway if you get the chance), but this certainly was not bad at all. I enjoyed my dish... it had a nice heat to it, and most everyone else at the table enjoyed their meals as well. I would definitely go back. The service here was adequate. On one hand, everyone got everything they needed and we felt comfortable, not rushed whatsoever. If you are expecting a bubbly server who kisses your ass and charms you, this is not the place. If you are not high-maintenance, you will do fine with the service here.
5	I'd never envisioned Ethiopian as a fast food, but the food cart on Library Mall proves it can be done, and done well.  I like the dorowat, and usually get it with rice.  Actually I don't think I've had their injera yet, but will make an effort to do so soon as everything I've eaten so far has been superb.
3	I ate there this past summer and it was alright.  We were looking for a new place to try and decided on this because they had outdoor seating.  We went inside to let them know we were outside and it appeared that only one woman was bartending and waitressing.  She said she'd be right out and it took 10 minutes before we saw her.  We ordered drinks and it took another 15 minutes before we saw those.  Granted a big party was in the midst of leaving while we were waiting, but they probably should have had one more waitress.  We had heard great things about the food and while my boyfriend liked it, I found it sort of bland.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great.  Not sure I'd go back right away.
3	Well, really 2-1/2 stars.  I'm an adventurer and I'll try any ethnic dish at least once.  But this place just doesn't move me at all.It feels like a diner in a basement - which it is.  But an East African diner with very intriguing artwork on the walls which helped pass the time in those uncomfortable chairs.  Mine wobbled a bit too.If these stews are Ethiopian, so be it.  Not at all like the Ethiopian food I've had in D.C.  I was sold on the "newness" of East African food!  Of course Ethiopia is in east Africa too.....So we had a small variety of stews that I assume came out of big pots.  Some were tasty, others not.  My friend enjoyed his, but he recommended this place.  When I finished, the hot one had me burping for some time after....as did the relatively high price- to- value relationship I'd just experienced.
4	No menu is posted outside (wish there was), but we took the plunge and headed downstairs to check it out.  The menu was fun to peruse, and I was pleased because there were several vegetarian options to choose from.  Entrees were served on either rice or ethiopian bread and were moderately sized and served with a side salad.  Several African beers were offered, which were fun to try.  Our waitress was not overly friendly, but attentive enough to be fine with me.  The main room seems to offer a bit more ambiance than the back room, which felt a little lacking in that department.  I'm not sure if it was the overhead lighting or the chairs, which felt a little rec room-like.  BOTTOM LINE:  Fair prices and several veg-friendly options.  I was glad we tried it and it was enjoyable enough for me to recommend.
2	I've never been wowed by any dish I've ever had at Buraka.  Sure, they sound exciting.  Why wouldn't Ethiopian food sound exciting?  I've walked away feeling pretty meh everytime I've been there though.  Their food is just okay.  Most of it seems to kind of just taste like spiced red beans and rice to me, and none of the spices particularly exciting.  I don't like their Injera bread either.  The sourness doesn't appeal to me.  It might be that I just don't particularly like Ethiopian food, but I've definitely had better in Berkeley, Ca.  Better injera too.
4	Tis good.  Very unique food.  I love the bread, it's unique.  You definitely will be full when you leave.  They also have ginger soda which is amazing.
5	I used to work here while a student in Madison, and I can tell you the food is phenomenal!
2	Buraka is decent, but I think I would leave it at just that. They're good at what they do, without ever trying to go above and beyond any expectations. After all, when you're basically the only restaurant within 50 miles that's selling any form of African food, the bar isn't set very high. If you come here because you're craving Ethiopian food, you'll be satisfied. If you come here expecting something new and different, you'll leave wishing you tried something else. There's so many other places in Madison that do ethnic food so much better than this.Basically every entree here consists of meat and/or vegetables cooked in a simple sauce, served over injera bread. It doesn't matter much which one you pick. The spices they put in lack any boldness, leaving you with simple, uninspired sauces that do the job but don't wow you in any way. The same can be said of the rest of the ingredients in the dish. Without any variation by way of spices and flavors, most of the dishes end up tasting pretty much the same.You'll receive several helpings of injera bread, which you won't find anywhere else. It tastes pretty unique - slightly bitter, and very soft and fluffy. You can roll it up like a tortilla or use it for dipping in your food. Problem is, without anything to combine it with, this bread is rather helpless on its own. The sauces you'll receive to dip it in serve as a crutch to compensate for how bland it is.The service and the atmosphere were average, much like everything else in the restaurant. The waiter was tough to find at times but he was friendly and the wait wasn't too long. All in all, Buraka did not disappoint, but it did not impress me either. Something about it felt very inauthentic. You'd be much better off skipping this very average dining experience and trying something else.
4	Probably more like 3 1/2 stars. The decor was best described as eclectic mediocrity. The food was good. Especially the coconut curry. Also, try the tostones but go easy on the sauce. Its a little hot for my wimpy self. Good selection of both domestic microbrews and some African imports. Oddly enough, I thought the mint chocolate cheesecake  stole the show. I would definitely go again.
3	Sorry I thought it was "ok" I have had authentic Ethiopian food ..  you don't get the full experience  .. Although the food was ok, I felt it seasoned well enough, the injera was ok, I wish they brought out the big dishes like authentic restaurants ... Also the entrance is kinda funny, its right next to Kabul's make sure you don't walk into the wrong restaurant. The restaurant was nice and clean, and well decorated, and it had a bar ... thats always a plus
5	10 years ago, I got my very 1st taste of Burakas and I have never forgotten it. My absolute favorite is the Dorowot. For those who are new and not knowing  what to expect, I find this to be a good choice for several reasons. I like that is just a basic mix of chicken and carrots in a curry sauce over the rice. Personally, I love the spice level of it, but the sour cream they serve on the side can help you make each bite less spicy with just a dip of sour cream. This is one of my all time favorite meals, and because I don't live in the area, and I craved it so much,I actually learned to make something that tastes pretty close. It will never be as good as the real thing, but I have gotten several people hooked on it.. I always tell them I can't wait for them to try the real thing. Buraka's Dorowot over rice with lentils!!!!! MMMMMMMmmmm so good!
3	Headline: uninviting, great Dorowat, first-Ethiopian-successMy colleague and I were just in Madison for the day so we decided to stop into Buraka for a late lunch. It's a little uninviting at first since it's located in the basement of the building, but once you get downstairs it's fairly open and friendly. This was my first time having Ethiopian food so I went for the house special, the Dorowat, which my colleague described as the "Pad Thai of Ethiopian food." I really enjoyed the dish; the flavors weren't as unfamiliar as I expected they might be. Also, the waitress made me think that it was going to be spicy, but it was rather mild, still to my liking--the spicy sauce that comes out on the side is really hot though! The Injera bread was pretty good too, but next time I'll try the rice. All-in-all, I enjoyed my experience and I'll give Ethiopian food another go soon!
2	Okay, so here's the disclaimer: I'm not super familiar with Ethiopian food.That said, is Ethiopian food supposed to be this bland? And what is the deal with the spongey bread thing that I'm supposed to use to make a semi-spicy soupy burrito? Kinda gross, if you ask me.I gave up on the bread quickly and the rest of the meal wasn't much better, as it just sort of tasted like old Indian food with fewer spices and more carrots.The restaurant is surprisingly comfortable, though, and a lot roomier than expected. So there, you earned yourself a second star.And if you like Gluten-free beer, they have it. My buddy ordered one by accident (which, unless you have Celiac disease, is the only reason I assume someone would order it)
5	I'm a fan of this restaurant. It's a cute place with good food. It's down some stairs and has very nice ambiance for a semi-nice/semi-casual dinner or lunch. They have rice or injara curry dishes and lentil stuff. All very good.  I like the peanut stew.
4	The food was good and I would go back.
5	Order the Dorowot. Ask for it with ingera.  Your tastebuds will be happy!
4	Went here for a quick business lunch.I had Ethiopian years ago.  Lived in DC for a few years but unfortunately never got to try the wonderful Ethiopian there, given a lot of Ethiopians in the area... when I go back I"m definitely going to try to hit it up, if its anything like Buraka.Had the coconut chicken curry and dorowat.  Pretty cheap, like $9 for a combo.  Decent food.  Not too hot or spicy.  Service was passable though if you're in a hurry I wouldn't eat outside for lunch (since they have to come up from the basement).  Wasn't as spicy or as flavorful as I had hoped, but it was a solid lunch, and I'll be back.  The bread isn't as bad as I had read here on yelp.  A little tangy.  Fluffy.  Nice to use with the meat/stews.  My friend I was with recommended getting the dishes with the rice and getting a side of the bread, that way you have both worlds.
5	Great college restaurant.  Sat outside on State St for a great atmosphere and good, tasty food.  Never had African food before but will certainly try again when I come across another place serving it.  Definitely give this place a try!
3	So Buraka. Meh.First of all, this is definitely not a vegan restaurant. They have three vegan items; one is a soup, which is a comparable spread to many establishments. They are notably missing some of the standard dishes vegans will crave, and their alecha, mysteriously, is vegetarian but not vegan. I ordered the misirwat, forgoing the soup and the third thing I can't remember. The injera is standard, passable, but the misirwat was not at all what I expect when ordering that dish. It was not spicy, it was not dense, it was not pureed, it had potatoes in it (wth?) and it was *very* tomatoey and salty--- sort of like it was bathed in tomato soup. Also, despite having specified vegan, I was given a dish with a big scoop of (sour cream? soft cheese? I'm not sure, but it definitely was some dairy thing). I appreciate that they kind of tried, but I won't be doing this again.
4	I really love that they have multiple vegan options.  Relatively reasonably priced for lunch or at their food cart (For a veggie dish, about $4-5 for a half portion or $6-7 for a full portion).  Most of the time I make myself very standard salads for lunch, but sometimes I just CRAVE ethnic food that I can't replicate.  This is where the Buraka food cart comes in.  Hearty, quick, and pretty tasty.  I will be honest, though: I can't particularly attest to the authenticity.
3	We decided on this place because we wanted to sit outside and wanted to try something new.  A+ on the sweet potato fries.  AMAZING, in fact.  We ordered a platter with two entrees on it, and we thought it was pretty tasty.  We would definitely go back for the location, outdoor seating and for the fries.  Good service also.
4	So I went back and I don't like it quite as much. It's still good, but not as good. I think they might have stopped serving their lentil side dish with every meal, which makes me sad, cause that was yummy. It's a little bland-er than I remember, but still a cute place with good food.
5	I love ethnic food, and Buraka fits well onto the State Street scene. Their dorowat dish is amazing and I recommend trying their injera. It is some sort of Ethiopian flatbread, and absolutely deliciousBe adventurous and try a family style platter served all over injera! Its great if you and your friends are trying a few dishes. We got 4 different dishes and all were good! My favorite was the Dorowat and Chicken Peanut Stew which had an awesome peanut butter taste.
2	I want to love it. Really, I want to love it sooo badly. But the truth is: go to San Francisco or Washington D.C. and get it there. As my (very white) Grandma would say: "this is interesting." By which I mean, there are some ...flavors....and ...spices... but nothing quite pulls together.At least the African Nut Stew and Injera are good.
4	Search for Ethiopian Restaurants on Madison Yelp and you get 1. Count them 1,..1,..1...This place will work. Duck downstairs away from the h/bustle of State Street and find yourself in a lovely cool and calm space with a bar and two big dining rooms. It's not the biggest menu I've ever seen but it has the basics. We had  a Lamb tibs and a Chicken with peanut sauce and the lentil/potato as a combination plate. Both served with injeera. The tef-based flat bread was excellent. The other dishes were missing something. We looked at each other with a "what's wrong here" look. Aha!!!   S.U. called the waitress over and asked if they had Berbere sauce (the Ethiopean hot sauce). That's what was missing. A few drops of that and it was all good. The mouth burned, the sweat flowed, the flavors came alive!!!!So, I am a fan. I understand that the typical Wisconsinite may not immediately love the spiciness that Ethiopian cuisine can bring to the game (or eating with the hands, forks are provided). So I say this. Ask for The Sauce or say, up-front that you like The Spice. They'll bring it! Game on!
5	Hidden jewel since it's underground, it has somewhat of a romantic feel (all exclusive and what not). But what I will tell you is that their food is pretty good. I ordered some samosas as an appetizer. Normally I am picky with Samosas since I feel like they are under stuffed . BUT NOT HERE ! The waitress recommended me Dorowot. Nice and spicy :) Just how I like my food ! Amazing service ! -- The waitress I had is such a cutie !Ps. Madison's food options are scarce . Eat here . It's actually good ! Don't do decent .
3	I've eaten at the cart several times and at the actual restaurant a couple of times now. I like getting Ethiopian food in the "traditional" serving with a huge plate and you pick things up with the injera. Here they call it "family style" and they've made some strange twist to it where the plate is not that big and they LAYER the food with the injera o.O (injera, food, injera, food). Really strange...I get the impression that the injera here is a bit more sour than others I've tried. The food overall ranges between good and okay.Also, it's quite a lot more expensive for dinner and I asked if the portions were significantly bigger. They said the portions were a third bigger. Yeah. That didn't happen.
5	So delicious! Lunch has better portions and menu. Definitely try the "Mango Drink," it's thick and very sweet. Great vegetarian options, too!
5	Great service and real, slow cooked food for a very low price. It's the kind of meal that while you are driving or walking home, you feel good about yourself and what you ate and you don't have icky food hangover.  Extremely simple stews served with perfect injera. The plantains were also amazing and I have no idea what was in the sauce with the plantains, but we could have eating it with a spoon...actually I think we did. The place is not pretty, but my family of four hungry people ate heartily for under $60, so I'm happy to forfeit ambiance.
4	I have never had East African or Ethiopian cuisine before. I was hesitant to try Buraka at first, but I was pleasantly surprised. The Samoosas and the fried plantain appetizers were delicious. Most of the main entrees at Buraka are curry dishes. I tried the Dorowot and the Siga Alicha and both were pretty tasty. The good thing is that for adventurous patrons, there's an option to try a combination of two dishes and do a half-and-half. I highly recommend that.The service at Buraka is great, so ask for recommendations. You won't be disappointed in their food.
1	Disappointing is the word that comes to mind when describing Buraka.We first ordered the samoons (excuse spelling errors) and they came to us with a warm outside and cold inside, a sure indication of them not being fresh and most likely frozen beforehand. Then we ordered the combination platter with each a side salad. The salad was measly at best. Very little lettuce and only a tomato on top. The food came out and was also partially cold.Also, this is so far from authentic. They gave you silverware. Also, platters should be served on a large tray, almost like a pizza tray, with injera covering the whole thing. The chosen dishes then on top. NOT in a bowl. I've had Ethiopian food in both NYC and SF, both times phenomenal and authentic. I would never ever bring someone here for their first Ethiopian food. They would get the wrong impression. I know that if Buraka was my first Ethiopian restaurant I would not list Ethiopian food as one of my favorite foods. Avoid unless you are desperate.
5	This is the second time I've ever had Ethiopian food, and like my first time, I left feeling full and satisfied.People really should try Ethiopian food more, because in my very humble but awesome opinion, Ethiopian food is da bomb. They always have deliciously seasoned meats, with lamb at the head of the pack.Then on top of that, the meats are accompanied by all kinds of savory sauces that will make your taste buds happy. Finally, you wrap everything up with the injera, which is like a burito wrap, but much thinner. This gives it a great carb to meat/vegetable ratio, and the injera does a great job of soaking up the different sauces and juices. Also, the injera has a slightly sour taste, which, while off-putting at first, adds a great balance with its acidity into the meal. And all of this can be had for around $15-18 for dinner, with enough leftovers for another meal, to the tune of some relaxing background African music.
4	Valentine's Night dinner--WIN! Started off with the veggie samoosa and a mango drink. The samoosa was warm, crispy, and the filling was spicy and delicious. The accompanying dip had the perfect sweet-spice pairing. I love mangos and the sweet drink was a nice contrast to all the spicy food.I ordered a combo veggie dinner--the veggie peanut stew and the tomato-based rich stew. I got them both on rice with a side of injera. Both excellent--spicy and delicious and very good on the rice. I think I'm too white for the spongey injera although I enjoyed trying a bit of it. The side salad was nice--nothing too impressive but not a gross iceberg no-flavor mess either.Note that the food isn't served authentic Ethiopian style (on big platters on the injera with everyone sharing and eating with their hands), although as I mention again, I'm pretty white and it was really good.At first, I was worried we might have slow service as there was one guy who was running the whole show and the bar, but he did a great job.
4	stopped in on a whim, when looking for a new restaurant to try.  the place was clean and nicely decorated.  the service was speedy.  and the food - amazing.  the samoosa appetizer was quite delicious (had one each of beef and lentil) and the dorowot entree left me wanting more.  the drink selection is nice, though i confess i didn't indulge this time... guess it's just one more reason to go back!
4	Restaurant is in basement of building, but it was quiet, clean, and brightly colored.  Loved their Chicken Curry and Lamb dish (can't remember name).  Enjoyed the tasty side of lentil salad.  Very small plates for lunch, but delicious, filling food.  Nice level of spice.  Had bottled non-alcoholic ginger beer which was very good.   Lunch partner had the unleavened bread with her entree and this bread looked like a thin, wet pancake (which I would skip.)   Pleasant young waiter.  I'll go back.
5	Really good ethiopian food, and the server was great at explaining different menu items. Food is decently priced, and comes out quickly.Don't be worried about going down the stairs, it doesn't feel dungeon like at all :) The decor is pretty light and homey; it felt like I stepped into someone's home and they cooked us dinner.
3	My guess is that not many Wisconsinites have had Ethiopian food very often or ever- and therefore, are not that picky. But sometimes, if you have lived in other states, you just want something that is NOT Midwestern tavern food!The food here is OK to good. The injera is very good - a classic, buckwheat sourdough pancake bread. The main dishes- mostly stews, both meat and vege., are fine, but not very spicy. Real Ethiopian food is SPICY.Ask for the red sauce, it helps.Real Ethiopian food is served on a huge platter on top of the injera bread, with each choice placed around in a circle on the bread. Then everyone eats with their hands, you tear a piece of bread/pancake and scoop up some lamb, or beef or vege stew and pop it in your mouth. You can use a fork here in Madison- or get the food served on rice.They have a drinks happy hour until 6 pm (maybe only M-F?) - well drinks for $2. "but sorry! we are out of tonic."  Really? a bar--- out of tonic? Pints were also $2. til 6 pm.The space is in a nice high-ceiling basement room, with warm lighting, well-spaced tables and a quiet vibe -- you feel like you have stepped away from State ST madness.Friendly service.(Please servers, wipe the sauce bottles clean when you get a moment.)
4	Nice Ethiopian spot, good native dishes at a decent price. Has a nice outside seating option or a downstairs one, both work well. Food usually comes out pretty fast, this type of cuisine is great to share, get a family platter so you can try a some of the different dishes. Good place for a change of pace from the everyday typcial American food.
3	It's alright, for Ethiopian. I grew up outside of NYC and have spent extensive time in DC, which has an enormous Ethiopian population, so I like to pretend I know what Ethiopian food is.People who've experienced legit Ethiopian before will most likely be wondering why rice is offered on the menu. Come on...it's all about injera.Dishes were good, but not solid. I thought the doro wat was a bit dry (the chicken, that is), but the mesir wat was quite good. Injera was decent, but I've had better.So...yeah. Three stars for decent Ethiopian in Madison! The food cart, though, is where I'll be getting my stuff from. It's a bit $$$ for my tastes, as far as restaurant costs go.
2	I want to like it. I really do. I've been twice, but each time I found the dishes bland ... or with a spiciness that was just spice, not flavor.
4	Food is great try the simosas. The lentil salad is to die for. The service that the owners daughter provides is atrocious. If she is serving I take it to go
2	I've had a lot better Ethiopian than I was served at Buraka. There is a decent percentage of veg options, which I appreciate, but the menu overall isn't very broad. They also don't have sampler platters for individuals, except for a two-entree combination option which costs more than one entree for approximately the same amount of food.  I ordered a combination of the misir wot and the black beans, both described as spicy. Wary due to other Yelp reviews, I emphasized to the server that I like my food spicy, and she assured me that the two dishes are indeed quite spicy. They were not. More significantly, they simply weren't very flavorful. Nor was the injera, usually a highlight of my Ethiopian restaurant experiences.  Halfway through the meal the server offered hot sauce, which helped,but I ultimately expect more flavor in the food itself. The ambiance is nice, and they have patio dining, but I'd give this restaurant a definite pass in the future.
4	This is the first place I go to whenever I'm in the area. It has a very unique style of food that you won't find too many places. The Ethiopian sour dough bread is a great canvas for the various saucy dishes. You can also ask for a hot pepper sauce on the side, since the dishes are not too spicy. The Jamaican ginger beer (soda) is an interesting drink and very powerful, although it is not for everyone. There is basement (downstairs) indoor seating and outdoor seating along the street. This place also has a food truck nearby in case you do not want to dine at the restaurant.
2	Meh...This is the second time I've had ethiopian food, so I'm no expert, but I can tell when food is flavorful or not. Severely lacking in depth of flavor. It was cooked potatoes/lentils/etc on injera. A little bit of curry flavoring? Service wasn't great as we waited for 1 person to run the restaurant....Wouldn't return.
5	I really love Buraka.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  I am vegan, so I have not tried many of the options on the menu, but I have not found their food bland at all.  My favorites are the misirwot and the lentil samoosas.  The service has always been great when I have eaten here (at least 30 times).A couple reviewers have commented that an Ethiopian restaurant should not have rice, but as a vegan, I appreciate that they do so I can actually eat here.  Who cares if they offer something that is not traditionally Ethiopian?  Just don't order it if you don't want it.
2	Food is bland and a bit dry. Sauces could be heavier and better flavored. Notably, tibs were very mild and other dishes were barely warm. Plate came with salad (?!) and Italian dressing. Random sour cream. Good Ethiopian food should be hot and seep into the injera to make a delicious bite... not the case here.
1	Okay, so first of all, I'm not from Madison so my opinion of what Ethiopian food should taste like is skewed. But I'm not going to base this review solely on that. I'm going to write this review because the food my sister and I had here the other night was absolutely terrible. We were hoping for a great late-night bite after spending the day on State Street, and this place looked interesting...I wish we had just perused the menu and walked out.I ordered the vegetarian peanut stew, and I tasted no peanuts in the "stew" whatsoever. The injera was disgusting and didn't soak up any of the sauce. My sister commented that it felt like she might be eating skin. I took my last bite and about gagged. Sis had the chicken peanut stew, curious- I tasted her sauce to see if it had any hint of peanut... none. We were both so disappointed in coming here, we walked out pretty let-down and depressed that we actually spent money on that slop. I've had better food served to me from a high-school cafeteria, and believe me, that is saying something.Do yourself a favor and skip eating here, save your first experience with Ethiopian food for a visit to a bigger city. I hate to dis Madison because I think a lot of restaurants here do their best, but Buraka is simply serving the cheapest and most ill-prepared food and getting away with it because you Madisonians have nothing to compare it to! Sorry if this sounded condescending or rude but I really don't want anybody else to leave with a bad taste in their mouth.
2	Service and location were very good. Food - that was another matter.  I don't want to sound unkind: if this food was made in my kitchen,  I'd be intensely proud. But, I would know it's Ethiopean-LIKE, and NOT traditional/authentic. I am spoiled with having so many Ethiopean restaurants in Minneapolis,  so expected similar taste.  Chicken Dorowat must be served on a bone with a hard boiled egg. It is served this way in every such restaurant I've ever been too, including those in Washington DC. Sauces were ok, but not authentic or flavorful enough. Injera was very good. Overall it was delicious, but nothing like I expected.
3	This review is for the food cart on Library Mall, which I hope is still operating despite the fact that their storefront location has been forced to close its doors thanks to the development plans on State Street. If not, at least I can say I tried it! So I went with the chicken peanut stew with red potatoes and lentil salad wrapped in injera, and while it wasn't something I'd come running back for, it was slightly satisfying on the cold day that I was able to enjoy it.This selection was unique, but all of the components did work well together to formulate a cohesive, hearty dish. I would have perhaps appreciated more chicken, but maybe that's just me and my protein-obsessed-self. I just felt that the dish was a tad heavy on the carbs, what with the red potatoes and the lentils and the injera (Ethiopian sourdough flatbread). I must say that the injera took me by surprise. I was expecting the typical flatbread dough, yet the injera was unexpectedly thin (almost crepe-like, yet still dense) and had a rather sour taste to it, resemblant of the taste you get from your average sourdough loaf, though much more pronounced. I also appreciated the peanut stew/sauce component. The flavors were great and welcomingly savory. While the chicken peanut stew wouldn't be my first choice in a return visit, it did make for a decent meal.
