3	Nice little movie theater.  The seats are comfortable, it's clean and the staff is nice.  For some reason it doesn't come across as spectacular.  I'm always trying to remember which screen room to avoid, I think it's number 10 that's really tiny and the stairs cut right up the middle of the theater so it's impossible to sit in the center for the best view.  But it serves its purpose.
4	When I lived in Charlotte this was one of my favorite places to catch a movie.  I stopped going as often once the Stonecrest Cinemas opened but I would still go.  The Phillips Place Stadium 10 has plenty of before and after movie options.Parking can be an issue on Friday and Saturday evenings.
4	If you're looking for a dinner & a movie date night, then Phillips Place is a great choice. This theater is located near several upscale restaurant choices, so you have your pick at impressing your date.As for the movie theater itself, they always have the new hits with lots of show times for each. This theater is clean, quiet, & does its job quite well. While it won't blow you away with anything, it does exactly what a good movie theater should do by staying out of the way & making sure you enjoy your movie.Phillips Place not only does its job very well, it's also located around great food options so your night out doesn't have to be spent driving from place to place.
4	I didn't really appreciate how nice and clean Phillips Place is until I went to some other movie theaters in Charlotte. Phillips Place, located in the upscale SouthPark area, is really great in comparison. Like any movie theater, it can be pretty crowded on weekends and the outside area is packed with tweens waiting for their parents to pick them up. And the prices for tickets and concessions are ridiculous, as you would expect. They've typically got all the mainstream movies. If you're looking for an indie flick, try Manor Theatre, Ballantyne or Park Terrace.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go out for movies. It's one of the first theaters I went to in Charlotte, and it kind of set a high bar. It's clean and nice inside, and it never smells funny. The seats aren't wet. Nobody is yelling. Babies aren't crying. It's a good thing, and one you'll only appreciate through comparison to some of the other theaters in Charlotte. The parking is plentiful, with a parking deck around back that's kind of hidden and nice to find. They always have the best, newest movies. Bring your big purse and sneak in some snacks and sodas. You pay extra for the good environment.
4	This Regal theater has undergone some improvements over the past couple of years.  They've changed the seats and made them MUCH more comfortable.  They're bigger, made of leather, and rock!  No, they're not made of rock.  They rock!  No, they're not just cool, they really rock.  Like a rocking chair.  During a slow time, it's easy to find parking either off to the side of the theater or in the small two-level parking deck.  During busy times, get there early to allow for time to find a spot.  The parking provided isn't made to accommodate crowds for movie premieres such as "Sex & the City" or "The Dark Knight," or on extremely busy nights like Thanksgiving evening.  Since there are no theaters attached to SouthPark Mall, Regal Phillips Place Stadium 10 is as close as you can get to seeing a movie after shopping.  It's quickly becoming my favorite theater since there are no AMC Theatres near our house and you can always count on a clean, good theater-going experience here.  My only disappointment with the renovations and Regal taking over this theater is that they no longer offer flavors to dust your popcorn.  No more cheese, ranch, or buttery salt.  :(
4	This theater is in a great location and makes for a great movie night! The service from buying your ticket, getting  your snacks, to walking in is fast and friendly. Like others have mentioned before, it is very clean. The concession stand is bright and draws you in! The popcorn is good, although, it kind of was weird how they keep their popcorn in a glass case in the counter (not like others I have seen). The theater itself is large and cozy. The seating is comfortable and there is ample leg room. I guess it depends on which movie is playing next door because on a couple of occasions I became distracted because I could hear the other movie over the one I was in (maybe that happens at other places too). Great time at the movies at Phillips Place!
4	Great location, nice cinema...  The perfect date movie location, because you have shops, bars and restaurants all around. You might want to try the bar at Upstream or the Dean and Deluca wine bar before or after the movie. There is also a really great Osteria there, but i dont remember the name. The theater is clean and comfortable, nothing over the top special, but again, you can't beat the movie night package!
4	Big fan of this joint.  Like the location and have always had a great time when going. The employees are polite and the service is very good.
4	I love movies. I really, really do - so, I'm a big fan of well placed, nicely laid out theaters with good popcorn. Regal Phillips Place fits this tall order quite nicely. As Faith D. said, this theater is in a great location for all who frequent SouthPark and/or SouthPark mall. There is a boatload of shopping and restaurants within a one mile vicinity and plenty of theatre parking. And, comon, Regal Phillips Place has a fountain in front of the theater. Class-ay! The ticket prices are pretty standard across the Charlotte landscape, $10 for adults and $7.50 for matinee pricing. They do offer senior and student discounts with some limitations. They also have a Fandango kiosk inside for those who like to straight up pick up their tickets or avoid the line outside. This theater has super comfy seats and plenty of theaters with current showings. Also, they keep this theater pretty clean - and it shows! This is my go-to spot for new showings, tasty popcorn and comfy (COLD) theaters!
3	Regal Phillips is a clean theatre with friendly staff.  It's not ultra modern but updated enough. The location is great - you can always get drinks and food at Dean & Deluca or Upstream before/after. The NEW Pink Berry is located right next door. I give them only 3 stars because they don't have recycling. Really, it's 2010?
4	The Phillips Place movie theater is great. Always clean, friendly staff and reasonable ticket prices. I'm a big weekend matinee movie-goer, and they are great for this! Cheap tickets, never too crowded and lots of afternoon showtimes. At night, parking can be an issue and it, inevitably, becomes a haven for high schoolers holding hands in packs, but it still isn't outrageously busy and the hand-holders aren't out of control or yelling in the theaters. Great location if you're looking for a date night as all of the restaurants are within walking distance.
4	My favorite theater in Charlotte. Probably because I can hit up Dean & Delucca next door for a pre-movie meal/coffee/beer/treat. Movie will cost you $10 here and $7.50 during the day. Popcorn is great without butter and the theater always has the newest movies available. It's a regal cinema, so if you have the free club card, you'll save some money from time to time. Since it's located near South Park mall, it makes for a good place to split up friends and family when they're in town. Some shop, some watch movies. Depending on the day/night and the movies playing expect to see a lot of kids, but it's a safe theater in a good neighborhood.
2	I've only been to a few advance screenings here, but I don't really like the theater. I usually go to Regal on Rea Rd. Phillips Place is an old theater that Regal bought and upgraded. Although they installed stadium seating, there still isn't enough room between the seats for me (6'4") and the chairs are not comfortable. The parking can be bad too. It's not worth $10 to see a movie here.
5	I love Regal Phillips Place theatre. It has always been the theatre of my childhood. Recently, they have gotten 3 digital projectors. This is terrific due to the incredible difference in quality compared to the regular 35mm in the other 7 theatres. The employees are always very nice and helpful at anything that I need. Regal Crown Club cards are always awesome because you save so much money with the somewhat ridiculous prices. I give my full recomendation to come out and enjoy a movie and escape at Regal Phillips Place Stadium 10!
3	Sorry, Phillips Place, you lost a star in my book. For a low-key New Year's Eve, my husband and I went to watch a late night movie. I was pretty excited to get a bag of popcorn, settle down to a show, and let the new year roll in. I started eating the popcorn to soon figure out that it was not fresh or delicious. I went back up to the concession stand to find out that they hadn't popped a fresh batch all day and at that point it was too late in the evening for them to warm up their machine and get some going. Thankfully, they were more than willing to refund my money. The small bag costs $6 and a large is inching close to $8. For those prices, even paying $6 well covers a fresh batch of popcorn. I don't require too much when I go to see a film, but I do expect fresh tasting popcorn. It's the movies for goodness sake!To end on a positive tone, they had a pretty cheerful ticket taker last night!
4	Get there early for the  new releases.  The seats fill up fast unless you want to sit in the front row.
2	Being amongst the funemployed, the matinee deals at local cinemas are somewhat of a regular occurrence for me.  Today, my movie crew graced the not so Regal Phillips Place "Stadium" 10.Okay, it is a quaint little theater for those that had a few cabernet sauvignons at Dean and Deluca and wanted to stroll down to see one of maybe five or six movies that have semi-recently come out.  But for those of us that want the latest in movie experiences, they come up amazingly short.  For starters, the matinees are $7.50 compared to $5.00 at most other, better appointed theaters.  You have your standard overpriced soda, popcorn, and candy deals.  Those are expected.By definition, it IS stadium seating in the theaters.  Meaning that the row behind you is higher and so on and so forth.  But you have four or five seats divided by a huge railing.  The seats are the old 80's style flip downs at best and leave much to be desired in the form of comfort.  We found ourselves abandoning the traditional "midway up the steps is your best seat" since we were then sitting above the top of the screen.  I have been in better home theaters...
3	Love this theater and the location, especially being right by pinkberry. However the staff all seem to be missing a few crucial brain cells.
3	Epi totally tops Phillips Place cause give me a break Epi has a BAR duh.  But this location is fine if you are at dinner nearby and want to catch a flick.  Smells like your typical theatre rank butter hangover but there are quick lines outside at the box office.  The staff has always been fine and courteous.Bathrooms have a tendency to get gross - they need to be monitored more often yuck.  But, overall no major complaints, the location is really what it has going for it.
2	$10 for a 4:20pm show. The absolute WORST movie theater popcorn I have ever eaten. I wish I'd have gone a few miles out of the way to AMC for $5 tickets and good popcorn. Very, very disappointing visit!
4	For a great movie in the perfect Southpark location, look no further than Phillips Place. The theater is generally very clean (although bathrooms can get a bit "overused" during peak movie nights) and the popcorn is quite good. Tickets are $10, and they always have the new releases. Parking is easy to come by, and if you need to grab a quick dinner beforehand, stop by Dean & Deluca. If you'd prefer to wait until after the movie to grab a snack, the Pinkberry is just a few steps away. If going on opening night, I'd recommend buying tickets online or arriving early. Due to it's convenient location, this theater can get very busy for top releases, especially on weekends. If you're trying to see a movie on opening weekend, arrive very early as seats fill up quickly and no one likes to sit in the first row. To save a little money, hit up a matinee during the week. And take note - this theater no longer offers student discounts on the weekends, so keep that in mind if you're on a budget.
3	My biggest problem with this theatre is that it doesn't offer enough kiosks to purchase tickets.  I like the electronic kiosks where you can walk up, hit a few buttons, insert your credit card and then you're movie watching in no time!  During the weekends, the one ticketing window can get really backed up and you may be waiting in line 10-15 minutes to purchase tickets.  To some, this may not be a problem, but for those who tend to run a little late, this can be a problem.  Also, I've noticed that on the weekends, the concession stands gather big lines, too.  I guess I shouldn't complain because I'm glad that people are getting out to see movies.  I'm glad that the theatre is busy.  I love seeing movies with a full crowd... you know, sharing the experience is half the fun!  But, there must be a better way to keep the lines moving faster.  Most of the theatres themselves are great.  Some of them are stadium seating with great sound and projection.  Some are much smaller with a less ideal seating arrangement (meaning, the aisle is in the middle so there are no seats directly in the middle of the screen).  If things like this are important to you, try seeing the smaller movies in a different theatre.  Or call ahead to ask which theatre your movie is playing in.  Yes, I am this person.  The biggest perks about this place are the Dean & Deluca and Pinkberry  next door and the convenience of the parking.  Also, I appreciate that it's a Regal so I can use my Regal card and get points and free stuff occasionally, and that I can purchase tickets ahead of time on Fandango -- which I recommend to avoid long lines.
2	We always visit this movie theater because it is so close to our home. On Monday 6/27, my experience was very different. We spent 20$ for 2 to see a movie (Cars 2) and 25$ for popcorn/chips/drinks. The food was so stale! The popcorn tasted "old" and the chips were well over their expiration date. Very disappointing!
5	the seats are awesome ..... great lil hide away for a date
4	Regal Phillips Place is a great place to see a movie.  You can take a walk, enjoy a casual or formal meal, yogurt, a glass of wine (or two), or even take a stroll before or after the movie.  The ambiance at Phillips Place is something many shopping centers strive to attain without success.  The seating is excellent, with leather (look and feel like leather) chairs that rock.  On this visit, no one kicked my chair - THANK YOU!  However, as with most movie theaters, there is always that person who cannot put down the cell phone. :(
4	Best movie theater in Charlotte in terms of location. Prices for food are outrageous..as expected. A medium drink is the size of my head; who needs that much soft drink?
5	Definatley the nicest and cleanest theatre around. Nice plush leather rocking seats. It's always my first choice as far as theatres go.
2	only place theatre that I've been to that offers ROOT BEER!!They had be from there... But I've moved and its not as close anymore. last time I went it was pretty crowded which probably explains why it was not the cleanest. But ahhh, no issue here.
2	Terrible theater! Overpriced snacks (you know it's disgusting when they have the nerve to charge 4 dollars and change for bottled water), dirty floors and bland staff. The only bright spot is the bathroom.
3	Normally you say movie theater and I automatically give 5 stars, but this one is hit or miss with me.  Sure the location is really convenient to Southpark and is mostly clean, but when this theater gets busy, its not a pretty site.First of all the 'old-skool' ticket office at the front is really great, but when a line starts forming and reaches the parking deck, there is a problem.  Usually it's because they only have one person manning the booth, but I would hope they run into this problem enough times to figure out they need to open more lines and get the line moving.  If you haven't figure it out already, I am pretty punctual and like to attend my movies with a nice cushion to get all the previews in and also get a decent seat.  Seeing a line out in front is never a good sign.Secondly it seems like the past couple of times I've been here the movie I was attempting to see was sold out... usually right when I got to the box office window.  Even with time cushion!  I know it happens, but it is very disconcerting considering the lack of theaters or alternatives around the area.Lastly, the parking deck is convenient, but when you are standing outside of your car talking to friends and someone drives by and the platform vibrates up and down... I'm not a big fan.  More-often-than-not, it is designed to be like that, but I like my structures to be more static than dynamic.
3	They have the best popcorn in Charlotte, nice and fluffy!  But theater 7 really annoys me, with the guard rail and stars that go right up the middle so there's no chance of scoring a middle seat.
4	This is one of my favorite movie theaters to go to, especially if you're in the big theaters towards the front of the place.  The seating is also very nice where the seats can lean back a bit.  It's also a nice pleather material.  Random to note that, but I enjoy those seats for some strange reason.The box office is outside.  It seems standard for most movie theaters in Charlotte, but it would be horrible to wait outside in the rain just to get a ticket.  Luckily, I haven't had to face that experience yet.  The employees seem to be nice.  I haven't encountered any sour faces yet, and I've been coming to this theater since high school (may I add that it's been many many years ago!)  Once I lost my cardigan and was looking for it in the theater I was in, and the manager was on it trying to help me find it until he found that it was in the Lost and Found box.  Kudos to that kind of customer service!The only beef I have with this place is that some of their theaters are super small.  Those kind of theaters, you can't even get a middle seat because the aisle is in the middle!!!  I'm all about good seating, so when I get stuck in those theaters I get super bummed out.  Other than that, I love everything else about this place.If you find yourself coming here a lot, remember to sign up for the Regal Club card.  It's free, and after so many points you get, you can get a free drink, candy, or movie ticket depending on your pointage.  Love things like that!
3	My go to mainstream cinema in Charlotte. Being in a nice area and I have never had to deal with annoying teenagers, I know it sounds bad seeing how I am only 23 but I do not want to hear you talk/text in the cinema. It is also kept up nicely, Regal always seems to be much better kept than AMC.
3	I try to choose my movie theaters by how the other people tend to act inside the theater.  All too often I go into a Saturday night movie and am constantly amazed how people talk and text message throughout the show which adds to the distraction.  Phillips Place Theater seems to be at the higher end of the spectrum so we either go here or to Ballantyne Village.Last night was a nice experience.  Went for a 7:30 Saturday night showing of a brand new, popular movie.  The ticket buying process at the theater was quick and efficient, which is always appreciated.  Bathrooms were clean, and the theater itself was easy to find.  We sat at the very top and the seats were cushy and comfortable and made of a leather like material.  They rocked a bit also so it wasn't a "stiff" seat at all.  Here's my problem....and I don't know if this is a movie theater issue or a "hollywood" thing, but in addition to the 15 minutes of ads and previews that we watched prior to the 7:30 start time we were subjected to 25 minutes (I can't boldface or else I would) of previews!  That's right, 25 minutes of previews which was WAY TOO Much IMO.  People were noticeably agitated and just wanted to get on to the show.  This should be stopped, I am ok with one or two previews but it seemed like an eternity!  Who do I write to?Anyway, the theater itself was fine, nothing earth shattering but the added 25 minutes of previews kind of put a bad taste in my mouth.
3	Nothing to exciting to report here just another typical movie theater.  I've seen worse and I've seen better.  With all the new tech and toys of other places like Epicenter and Cinebarre I'm sure this theater is finding it a little harder to compete.  The nice thing about this location is its proximity to some really good dining within walking distance.
4	This is my go to theater for regular movies in Charlotte. It's usually not too packed, even for newer movies, and if you're watching a movie that's been out a little bit, you're almost certain to have your pick of seats.  There's always plenty of parking on either side of the theater, and there's a Dean & Deluca and a Pinkberry right in front if you want to grab a snack before or after your flick.  The screens aren't huge, but big enough, and the sound is good. It's clean too, so you don't have to worry about sitting in someone else's snack residue.  And as to the seating, the chairs are awesome, and really comfortable.  And they don't have an arcade, so there aren't usually many kids there either which is a nice bonus.  All in all a great theater.
4	We sneaked beer in here. Then god punished me for it by having it explode all over me when I tried to open it discretely.Get your attention? Well it's true. But don't ever sneak beer into a theater. Aside from the above, you will end up missing the best parts because you'll go to the bathroom so much... This theater though is in a fantastic spot. Right down from a Dean & Deluca which is open til 10pm on Saturday nights. You can go there for a chat over finger foods while waiting for your movie to start. Or hang with the preppy well-to-do kids at Pinkberry in the warmer months.Parking can be tough to locate and for some reason I swear it has rained every time I come here. But just a tad bit further away is the epic Whole Foods Market and down a few blocks is good ol' South Park mall. This movie theater is in the perfect spot for rounding out a Saturday evening.
5	Close to home, friendly employees and nice, comfy seats! Love my neighborhood theater
3	So, I went for the screening of This Is 40 ( which is a whole other review in itself). The place is located in a lovely plaza but the buck stops there. The seats are leather and cracked...for $7 for a bag of popcorn, I expect better. The sound quality was very low, so it was hard to hear if people laughed or clapped and the visual quality was off as well; I expected it to be crisp and clear. Granted, the seats were comfy, like that old recliner you've had for years but, again, for the inflated prices they can do much better.
4	Convenient!Location - I'm biased. I literally just walk to the theater. So it's perfect for me! Although the parking seems ample for people to get to. Nevertheless, there's shops along the way to keep you company  incase you parked farInside: small looking, but it has all the necessities - the ticket booth (in case you don't want to wait in line outside), popcorn, sodas, and candies galore. Cons: no arcades, if you don't have your regal card - they cannot look you up.Movies: seats are comfortable, leather, and the armrest moves up and down - yay to holding your significant other without the the armrest being in the wayStaff: courteous
3	I went to this location on Saturday for an advance screening.  I like the fact it is nestled among various shops and eateries.  However, I do not like the stadium seating.  I would probably visit more if they change this feature.  Overall its a clean location to take your family and friends.
3	Decent theatre. I wanna say I paid less at the same time of day at Regal Stonecrest though...parking is ok..soon will need to be updated on the inside.
3	This is a pretty cool theatre. It's small, which in my opinion makes it more comfortable. Everything was clean inside and my favorite part was the chairs! they were comfy and rocked back! very nice touch! I didn't get a chance to visit the concession stand but I'm sure it's pretty typical. And since I went for a free screening I can't really review the prices. But I love the location, it's very close to South Park Mall and right across from a Pinkberry! The only downside for me is the parking. Basically, if it a new movie or screening; be prepared to circle around and around...and then still have to park far, far away. But still very cool, and I would definitely return!
4	Regal Theatres aren't my first choice in any given situation, but I really dig this location. At the end of Phillips Place right in front of the fountain. You probably already know that, though. One thing I appreciate but don't partake in is the different flavorings they have for their popcorn. Cool, but not for me. It's well-kept, tends to show most of the movies we like to see, and has them at reasonable times. My only gripe is the parking situation. If you can find a space above ground, you're lucky. Parking underneath in the garage is terrifying. It looks like a scene from Fight Club.
3	I had a Groupon for super saver passes to Regal theaters, and this one happened to be the closest.  I have seen movies a few times here, and it's not a terrible theater.Maybe it's because it's so close to Southpark Mall, but this place is pricey.  It's over $10 to see a movie and the refreshments are pretty overpriced as well.  The seats are comfortable, but the theaters I've been in are all a little small.  They have a decent amount of parking (it can get a little crazy on the weekends, though), and the outside is pretty classy-looking.  It's definitely clean in here.Overall, it's not a bad place to see a movie if you don't mind paying a lot.
4	Though I hate (hate, hate, hate) getting to this theater because there aren't any roads that get me there easily, once there, it's all good. I mean even with the lights on (looking at you, Starlight), and the seats are first rate. Not as good as Ballantyne or anything, but definitely worthy of sitting in for a movie.Even better is that you have multiple eating options prior to the movie, to fit just about any budget, and after you can head right outside the front door for some froyo. Tough to beat. The only problem is that the exits are a little goofy - if you choose to not go out the front, you'll be outside the back door with no easy way to the parking deck.
4	Good theater, at nice location. When we went and saw a movie matinee it was not crowded and the floors and seats were clean.   Just a nice theater, I would see a movie here again.
1	This past year, I've been a little busier in my life, and catching movies on opening weekend has not worked out. As it turns out, Philips Place puts movies almost immediately into their smaller theaters to make room for the next opening blockbuster. And, quite frankly, their smaller theaters are TERRIBLE. The sound is off. One theater has no bass whatsoever! The screen isn't big enough to hold the picture. (DEFINITELY don't waste your money on a 3D picture in one of these theaters! Just saw Captain America and the subtitles were off the screen on the bottom and unreadable!) And if there's the least bit of lull in the movie you're seeing, you can more than make up for it by listening to the movie playing next door. As it comes straight through the walls.I had always thought Phillips Place was excellent! And it is...if you're movie is experiencing it's opening weekend and in one of their two premier theaters. Otherwise, unless they learn how to sound insulate their walls IN THEIR MOVIE THEATER, take your full price ticket money and go someplace where you can actually enjoy the movie.
2	A great location near high-end shops and neighborhoods; but, the theaters themselves are in need of a makeover. Today's premiere matinee of Godzilla in theater one was very uncomfortable as almost every seat appeared as if Godzilla had attacked it. Torn seats and arm rests, some torn seat backs, and for a first showing of the day trash on the floor and in cup holders. Tsk-tsk-tsk. The concession stand attendant was very pleasant as was the ticket booth attendant. Prices are definitely high for concessions, as is true at most theaters. Matinee price for an adult is $8 with 3-D at $11.25. Full price movies for adults are $10.25. At these prices, reupholstery should not be an issue. Lastly, the film quality itself was less than expected. Reported to be digital, the film appeared out of focus and hazy. Others could be heard stating the same. Shame on Regal Cinemas and the management of this location.
4	Thanks to the kid in the ticket booth for the DC versus Marvel real talk. I love how friendly everyone is who works here. My only wish is that there weren't lines on a few of the screens. Otherwise, would've been five awesome stars.
3	The theater seats upholstery is cracking and peeling off- and not just one seat, a lot of seats. The bathrooms also need an update.
5	Great popcorn and an extremely friendly staff.  Seats are comfortable and the theatre is clean!
4	Wooo regal! Cinemas are all pretty standard, especially big chain ones like this one, but it's in a super convenient spot, and they seem to play everything in season. You can become a regal member if you really like watching movies, and every time you go, you'll definitely have a regal experience. Unfortunately, like all the other big buck cinemas, you can't bring in your own food and drink. They day they let you do that will be the day all the cinema establishments move from 4 starts to 5.
4	This theater is at a great location. It is surrounded by restaurants and little shops for a great memorable date. In front of the theater there's a lovely fountain that looks magnificent at night. The little area is also surrounded with lighted trees.There's plenty of parking on the side of the theater with lower level parking as well. The theater always seems to be busy so the extra parking is great. The theater is always clean and the staff is really polite. Some of the rooms are not upgraded though. I've been to rooms that have had great seats that rock back and then there's some other ones that don't have the upgraded seats and some of them are ripped. I posted a picture so check that out. If you want to get a chance to try this theater out for free then there are always free screenings being held here so keep your eyes out for those tickets and contests! No screening on the weekends though :\
5	Great theaters, good quality and great location. One of the best in the charlotte, nc area.
3	With a dozen showings of the latest big blockbuster, picking a movie time that worked for us was easy. Not much of a line to buy tickets even though our showing was pretty much sold out when the previews finished and we could see that all of the seats were filled.Sound? Good. Not too loud.Picture clarity? Excellent.Concessions? Expensive, of course. Why pay $5.50 for a medium when twice as much is only a dollar more? And no plain M&M's? Boo!Popcorn smelled like a batch had recently burned, so we skipped it.Bathroom? First two stalls wouldn't flush. Not enough hand dryers to match the number of sinks.
